The Redemption of Lady Georgiana

By Lisa M. Prysock
The Lydia Collection

Introducing a Collection of Faith Inspired Novels

The Redemption of Lady Georgiana
Protecting Miss Jenna
Persecution & Providence





Other Titles by Lisa M. Prysock
To Find a Duchess
An Inspirational Regency Romance Novel
Hannah’s Garden
A Turn of the Century Love Story, 
Volume 1 of the Victorian Christian Heritage Series
Abigail’s Melody
Volume 2 of the Victorian Christian Heritage Series








More Titles by Lisa M. Prysock
Arise Warrior Princess, a devotional
The Shoemaker, an Old-fashioned Christmas Regency Story
Contemporary Western Romance:
Dreams of Sweetwater River, Whispers in Wyoming, Book 3 
Marry Me Katie, Whispers in Wyoming, Book 7








No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means--: electronic, mechanical, digital, photocopy, recording or any other— except for brief quotations in printed reviews, without the prior permission of the author.
Copyright © 2015 by Lisa M. Prysock
All rights reserved.
Cover Design by Lisa M. Prysock; front cover image contributed by ID 7007325 © Algol | Dreamstime.  Clipart used is believed to be public domain and illustrations if any, by Lisa M. Prysock.  
For information or to contact the publisher or author:  Lisa M. Prysock, 7318 Autumn Bent Way, Crestwood, Kentucky  40014, USA
This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or to events or locales, is entirely coincidental.
This work is catalogued in the Library of Congress.
Unless paraphrased, otherwise noted or indicated, all Scripture quotations are taken from the King James Version of the Bible.
Copyright © 2015 by Lisa M. Prysock
All rights reserved.
ISBN:

ISBN   9781310319150   (Smashwords)

The Redemption of Lady Georgiana
By Lisa M. Prysock
Smashwords Edition
© 2015 Lisa M. Prysock
 
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




 


DEDICATION
For my Mother, Sharon Joy,
A great advocate for thinking outside the box ...
and a great woman of God who instilled
 in me a love for Him and His word!
I love you Mom,
Lisa







ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Thank you to my wonderful, loving, awesome husband, Rob, who encourages me to fight for my dreams and fly like the eagle—and my children, for keeping things going and helping out around the house when I’m writing ... and especially editing.  Thank you to my niece, Megan, for being a powerhouse of marketing when it comes to spreading the word about my books!  Thank you Lord for love that continually amazes me and for filling me with lots of ideas and giving me the opportunity to write for you!  Thank you to my church family, for your love, prayers and encouragement, all of which have helped me find my strengths. 





FORWARD
On the morning of January 7th, 2015, two brothers forced their way into the offices of a French satirical weekly newspaper, Charlie Hebdo in Paris.  They were armed with assault rifles and other weapons.  Eleven people were killed and eleven, injured.  The gunmen killed a French National Police officer after they left the building and identified themselves as belonging to an Islamic terrorist group, Al-Qaeda in Yemen.  More people were killed at a kosher supermarket and more injured in further attacks in the region.  
Soldiers were deployed and a massive manhunt ensued.  Hostages were taken and on January 9th, the suspects were killed when they emerged from a building while firing weapons at those who hunted them down to apprehend them.  A third suspect walked into a police station 145 miles northeast of Paris and surrendered according to the prosecutor’s office.
In an article by Dan Bilefsky and Maïa de la Baume, The New York Times printed this: 
“PARIS—The police organized an enormous manhunt across the Paris region on Wednesday for three suspects they said were involved in a brazen and methodical midday slaughter at a satirical newspaper that had lampooned Islam.”  The article went on to offer some details about the shooting:  “Mr. Molins said that two men armed with AK-47 rifles and wearing black masks had forced their way into the weekly’s offices, at 10 Rue Nicolas-Appert in the 11th Arrondissement, at about 11:30 a.m. They opened fire at people in the lobby before making their way to the newsroom on the second floor, interrupting a staff meeting and firing at the assembled journalists.”
“The attackers then fled outside, where they clashed three times with the police. They then drove off in a black Citroën and headed north on the right bank of Paris. During their escape, prosecutors said, they crashed into another car and injured its female driver before robbing another motorist and driving off in that person’s vehicle. The police said that the black Citroën was found abandoned in the 19th Arrondissement.”
Thousands of journalists have, in a move of solidarity, condemned the attacks, according to the Huffington Post.  On January 11th, forty world leaders and two million people met in Paris and led a national rally of unity.  People chanted: “Charlie! Charlie!” and held up banners which said:  “Je suis Charlie!” (I am Charlie!)  Charlie Hebdo’s website went offline but displayed a black banner with the words:  Je suis Charlie!
Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, flew to Paris and expressed his outrage and solidarity with the victims of the attack. The French president condemned the attacks against a nation of liberty.
I began writing this book a number of months before the attack on the journalists of France.  I had already written many French phrases into the story.  I had roughly, a seventy page manuscript ... and then the events of January 7th happened.  Chapter four just came together at that point.  The chapter takes place in the streets of Paris and reminds us that sometimes all we can do is just keep standing, keep praying, keep doing good, and keep believing … because we know how it’s going to end.  I hope it will encourage people everywhere not to be afraid.  The Lord is with us.  At the end of the day, the Lord wins.
Though not a fan of Charlie Hebdo, freedom of speech is a freedom we must defend—along with life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.   We must also stand by Israel and not allow attacks against the Jewish people or those who stand up for truth, as the journalists did in this particular case.  It is through the nation of Israel that the Son of God was born in a humble manger.  Ultimately, he died on a cross as the Lamb of God to save our world.  
This is what terrorists defy.  They defy everything of joy, truth, life, peace, liberty and love.  We will not cower in fear.  We will write more.   We will live more, love more, laugh more ... we will keep doing good things in the name of our Lord … and we will stand up against these who try to bring terror to the world.  We will overcome evil with good and there is nothing that can stop it—because good trumps evil every time and Jesus Christ already set that in motion.  Eventually darkness has to flee from the light.
Lisa M. Prysock 














Table of Contents
Title Page &   ‘The Lydia Collection’
Other Titles by This Author
More Titles by This Author
Copyright Page
Dedication
Acknowledgments
Forward
Illustration Title Page
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Epilogue
Glossary
About   the Author
Footnotes





The Redemption of Lady Georgiana
A Ruth love story of Regency Proportions …

by 
Lisa M. Prysock





Chapter 1.  
Lady Georgiana Colton



The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.   John 10:10, Authorized King James Version


Somewhere near the Colton Chateau at Lake Annecy, 
France, Spring of 1811
Everyone loyal to the crown of England named their son or daughter or knew someone with a son or daughter named after King George III in those days; and thus, we find English born Lady Georgiana Grace Colton affected in this regard, along with many of her generation.  The daughter of a British ambassador, she was loyal to the nation of her father and accustomed to a great deal of cultural exposure as her father’s posts had changed often in her formative years.  In many respects, Lady Georgiana would prove she was irrevocably anything but ordinary.  Though English in citizenship, she spoke with a French accent, and both French and English, equally well.  At twenty-three years of age, she was well travelled and had spent one year as a teacher before marrying her beloved Benjamin.  As if being orphaned at a young age had not been enough, at twenty-two, she hadn’t even the slightest expectation that she would become a widow.  It seemed as if she was on a collision course with a destiny so particular that it must not be prevented, not even by love.  
The shock of her husband’s death had engulfed her in a sorrow that had nearly overcome her usually vibrant soul.  There were days when even a year later, she was surprised at how she had recovered even a little, all things taken into consideration.  Her love was resplendent and her heart capable and endowed of the Creator to be supplied in her grief, a steadfastly blooming resilience from the upheaval of great sorrow, though she remained for the present time in a slight state of shock, her resilience unbeknownst and hidden from even her own self.  
She had climbed the slippery and jagged slope of sorrow and grief born of multiple losses with courage and determination that surprised even her own self so much that she didn’t recognize her survival yet.  She lacked neither in the character traits of kindness nor sweetness and possessed an even tempered, generally happy nature that would aid her in the tumultuous days ahead.  Whatever she had previously lacked in humility had been supplied by tragedy.  But in her mind at the present time, she was certain of only three things in those days at the end of her first year as a widow:  she was broken, perhaps beyond repair; she was alive; and she would not leave nor abandon her kind and loving mother-in-law, Lady Margaret Elaine Alden Colton.   
Her greatest faults seemed to be the agony of an untrusting heart and slow faith; a stubborn streak that seemed genetically endowed; and a lack of patience when situations proved to be difficult, uncomfortable or stifling.  She would much rather aim to be an instrument of change than abide deplorable circumstances if she could prevent it or produce a betterment of her situation in life.  This lack of patience when combined with short sight sometimes caused her not to measure her choices well, the degree to which her actions might cause her own self additional suffering.  
She had the benefit of an early and happy childhood in both England and later, in the Alps, sharing the steep and rugged mountains around the lake and in the region beyond with the neighboring country of Switzerland.  Seldom did her family feel the need to explore beyond the village of Annecy that had sprouted up around the large and serene lake.  They sometimes made the trip into Geneva or Chambery, where more mountains towered in the distance over the village that lay at the base of the Rhone-Alps.  The French countryside and mountain air had blessed her with a glowing countenance.  She had dark hair and gentle, brown eyes to match.  She was a slender girl and her slight stature might have been considered a flaw.

As she clasped the letter that had arrived from England, she tried but found herself unable to leave France or imagine living anywhere else.  The idea of leaving the French Alps where she had made her home with her husband and returning to live in England away from everything she had come to love and cherish disturbed her, but in her heart, she knew things could not go on the way they were.  The impatience in her personality would not let her defy the opportunity before them, nor did she know what would become of she and her mother-in-law if they did not remove themselves from this place that was so much a part of her later childhood and early adult years, filled with the memories of her happy but brief marriage to her beloved Benjamin. 
She and Lady Margaret finally had an opportunity to escape the turmoil of France for the refuge of England and the safety of relations and forge a whole new chance at happiness.  They were engulfed in grief and reminders of grief if they remained where they were.  For more than a year since the death of Benjamin and his brother and father, Georgiana and her mother-in-law had tried to hold on, to survive the harsh realities of life.  The losses and waves of grief had nearly consumed them, but somehow, miraculously, had not.  As Lady Margaret clung to her unwavering faith, Georgiana somehow seemed to acquire her own.  Somehow, there was yet hope and faith in God that a new life awaited them beyond the rugged mountains that stood like towers protecting the valley and the lake beneath them.  
She loved that they lived on the border of Switzerland which enabled her to embrace the culture of both her Swiss and French friends and acquaintances.  It seemed so far from her English family and heritage.  Though she knew her sister would welcome and implore her to make her home with them in England, Georgiana knew she could not possibly abandon her mother-in-law, not even once they were on British soil again.  She had barely broached the subject even with Lady (Margaret) Colton, but she knew today the questions would come about her sister once she finished climbing the mountain back to the Colton Chateau.
How she loved this place that held for her memories both cruel and delightful.  She loved the steep mountains dotted with picturesque chalets and chateaux.  She loved the view of the red and brown tiled roofs in the sprawling village below with its narrow cobbled and brick streets and rues.  She adored the rising bell towers of chapels and the two cathedrals that caught her attention when she thought her heart was crushed; bell towers that caused her spirit to soar when they rang out for weddings and festivals and on Sunday mornings.  She liked the way the sun glimmered lovely reflections that danced upon Lake Annecy and the boats that seemed to glide on the water each day carrying supplies, fishermen or romantic couples to and fro, much like she and Benjamin had once traversed the lake in golden times gone by.  
At times, they seemed almost untouched by the chaos of the political turmoil in the nation because they were tucked so neatly away from the rest of the nation there in the French Alps.  The memories of those leisurely, romantic days with her beloved Benjamin were days her heart yearned for so much she sometimes thought she would burst with longing.  She brushed a hot tear off her cheek and stared numbly at the view of the lake from where she sat.
She loved to traverse the trails through the wooded areas of the mountainside and follow the dirt paths that wound their way up and down from the chateau to the village below.  She often stopped about half way to this very spot where she found herself in a little shaded area, on the sacred little rock where she perched calmly with a view of the lake, the village of Annecy and the castle in the distance with its’ fortified walls that jutted out on a peninsula into the lake.  Here, where she was surrounded by pines and birch trees that hid her from all distractions, she had found a place where she often escaped to ponder the complexities of life and gather strength and peace within herself to go on, to continue, to live—despite a myriad of difficulties.  She reflected on how many times she and Benjamin had spent time together there.  It had become a secret place of refuge for them, a place away from his brother and parents, where they could be utterly alone, hidden by the foliage and solitude.  There, on that very rock where she sat today, Benjamin had read poetry to her, held her hand and shared his dreams with her.
Her thoughts turned to her immediate situation.  They’d sold the last of her father-in-law’s paintings; except for the few Lady Margaret refused to part with.  Her mother-in-law had held back her favorites.  Viscount Duncan Arthur Colton had been a great artist, greatly inspired by Annecy, renowned throughout Europe.  His two sons had followed in his footsteps.  Much of his work had slowed because of the wars and revolution the nation of France had been thrust into.   The work he had done both since and at the Palais desTuileries for Louis XVI had soared in value after the horrendous events of 1793 but as Georgiana recalled, it had brought him little comfort.  France had lost a great King in his mind.  Perhaps if he had not known and loved the royal family so much it would not have impacted and caused him such grief.
Georgiana could remember Papa Duncan talking to her husband Benjamin and his second son, Samuel, at dinner one evening when she had been an invited guest ... when they were younger, before she had married Benjamin:  “My sons, what did you learn about today when you went down into the village?”  
“Mon père, ¹ we learned some say the former Queen, Marie Antoinette—was too lavish with regard to her spending habits!  They say she and the king did not care about the people who continue to suffer and starve, and that’s why they … ”  Benjamin glanced solemnly at his mother and then back at his father, who waited with interest for his son to finish his sentence.  Instead, Benjamin had slid a finger across his throat rather than verbalizing the gruesome events that had shocked and horrified the nation.  He looked down and then continued to slice the thick slab of ham on his plate.  He was enjoying a summer in the Alps and looked tan and healthy, though many of the village youth looked considerably leaner than he and his brother did.  The trek up and down the mountain kept them both physically fit but even in the Alps which seemed so far removed from the rest of France, there were those who were poor and suffered from lack of food and shelter.
“That’s because they don’t enjoy ham and beef as often for dinner as we do!”  Papa Duncan put his fork down.  Benjamin, Samuel and their friend, Georgiana, the youngest of the group at that time, all looked at him puzzled.  What did the Queen’s spending habits have to do with the villagers not having ham for supper?  A much younger Lady (Margaret) Colton had also eagerly waited to hear what her husband had to say.  They had left Britain during a volatile time against the advice of nearly everyone who knew them because of her husband’s career as an artist.   
“Do you understand what has happened in this country, my sons?”  Papa Duncan inquired.  “They have misunderstood what King Louis stood for.  He was trying to abolish an antiquated system of serfdom, increase tolerance of those who are not Catholic and remove a crippling land tax from the burden of the French people.  The Catholics were angry with him, the government and the wealthy were angry with him.  To make matters worse, some of the starving people of the nation blamed him as well when they perceived the Queen spent her francs the way she wanted to spend them and not as they thought she should spend them.  While many have indeed suffered for far too long, King Louis was not able to help them quickly enough.  Political enemies framed him and France has lost a king trying to do great things for his people.”
Recalling that dinner so long ago where she had been merely a guest in the home of the Coltons, Georgiana realized she and her mother-in-law hadn’t had a slice of ham, chicken, turkey, beef or any kind of meat in a very long time.  She remembered the words of Papa Duncan but couldn’t focus on the past.  She had today to get through and a future to consider if they were to survive.  She knew they wouldn’t survive the winter if they lingered any longer in Annecy unless something changed in their present circumstances.  The Revolution in France continued to brew as a result of poverty and discontent.  Constant war under Napoleon’s leadership and the execution of a king and queen had brought unrest and disturbance.  There were no more teaching positions available in Annecy and even if there were, the chateau seemed to be a reminder of her husband, his father and brother; all now deceased since that ill-fated night.
Crossing France could be fraught with peril and quite a dangerous undertaking for two women, but it was best they leave before things worsened.  Could things get any worse than they already were?  The pantry was getting bare and without the servants they were accustomed to and the help of three men, she didn’t think they could survive a chilly fall and cold winter in the mountains.  With economic turmoil and political unrest and wars being fought on too many fronts, it wasn’t only Georgiana and her mother-in-law who thought about leaving France.  Many of their neighbors and villagers with whom they were acquainted had wanted to leave also ... but times were hard and it wasn’t easy in lean times to raise the funds to move an entire family to another nation.  
She tucked the letter from the Earl into the secret pocket sewn inside the folds of her white linen petticoat, smoothed out the skirt of her pale pink, rose-patterned frock, and pulled her sage green summer shawl more tightly to her elbows where it had started to hang too loosely, nearly sweeping the ground at her feet.  She reminded herself she could no longer afford to be careless with her garments.  Every resource was precious and she had to take great care of what possessions remained.  
Lady Margaret, who had talked of little else than returning to England and remarked several times a week that a letter would soon come from the Earl, would be pleased to hear the contents of the letter.  Georgiana was thankful for this moment alone with only her knowledge of what lay in the penned script.  She had to come to terms with what she’d known was unavoidable all along, since the first time her mother-in-law had mentioned the possibility of returning to England.  As impatient as Georgiana was to grasp a better life than the one they faced now, there was a part of her that was reluctant.  Trying to be brave and courageous, she told herself she would not allow those feelings to surface in her any longer.   A change in their circumstances was exactly what they needed and she was forced to admit it from deep within her soul.  She had no acquaintance with Lady Margaret’s distant relation but his letter stated he was prepared to provide a situation that by all indications would afford them the change they needed to forge a fresh start in an environment of both security and stability.  
She would embrace the change she decided and furthermore, she would do it with joy.  Something good was bound to happen to them! She hadn’t lived in England since she was a very young girl, a time she could barely remember and suspected she would not fit in with British women of her own age, but in time perhaps she and her mother-in-law could carve out a new life for themselves with God’s help.  Along with her early memories of life in England, there had been a few visits to her sister Elizabeth over the years.  For starters, and though it seemed trivial, she acknowledged she would have to wear silk stockings as a proper lady would do; though in the heat of summer she refused to comply, preferring bare legs beneath her cotton summer dresses.  She hoped she could assimilate and somehow, she knew she had to.  She wiggled her toes inside her worn but practical brown suede, ankle-high walking boots and reminded herself she could do anything she put her mind to; even leaving behind the chateau at Annecy belonging to her dearly departed husband’s family, the home she had come to call her own.  
Home, or whatever would become their new home, now lay across the miles of French countryside and cities she’d been thrilled to visit—across the waves of the English Channel and deep into the shire of Essex.  She would cherish her memories of scenic Parisian boulevards, elaborate architecture, the museums her father-in-law had adored in numerous cities throughout France, and the endless lush vineyards and acres of rich soil and grains grown in Bordeaux near the Pyrenees ²  where she had spent time with her uncle.
Uncle Henri, the brother of Georgiana’s mother, had become the guardian of Georgiana and her older sister, Elizabeth, when their parents had passed away from the smallpox.  Uncle Henri brought the girls up in the very same mountain in a chateau that neighbored the Colton chateau.  Eventually the girls were sent to a Swiss boarding school and a French finishing school.  They spent summers in the Alps where Georgiana’s relationship with Benjamin Colton eventually blossomed from childhood friendship in the summers when the boys left England to holiday in the Alps— into a romantic courtship when the Coltons sold their English home and moved permanently to the Alps.  Uncle Henri travelled between his farm in Bordeaux, land he inherited from a deceased relation, and his home in the French Alps; leaving his nieces in the care of a kind, efficient housekeeper as the farm began to require more and more of his attention.  His Bordeaux farm consisted of hundreds of acres which produced wheat, oats and barley and an enormous orchard of numerous types of fruit trees.  The girls sometimes spent part of their summers and holidays in Bordeaux but at times, it was not safe to travel across France and often, Uncle Henri thought the girls were safer tucked away in the Alps.  
Elizabeth, fondly called Beth, was eventually presented at English court, being sponsored by friends of their deceased parents, and was whisked away from Annecy upon her marriage to Sir Richard Hadley; leaving Georgiana to finish her education alone in Switzerland, being several years younger.  Uncle Henri had given Elizabeth away in a quaint, English wedding in York and Georgiana performed her duty as maid of honor perfectly.  When she returned to the Alps and boarding school, and with Uncle Henri’s departure to oversee the harvesting season in Bordeaux, she felt more isolated and alone than ever before.   In a sense, all Georgiana had ever known was loss.  The Coltons, particularly Benjamin, had been the one constant in her life since the passing of her mother and father who hadn’t simply disappeared.  
And now, Benjamin had disappeared for good, though Lady Margaret insisted it was only temporary.  They would be reunited at the last day.  Lady Georgiana held onto that knowledge in her heart more and more.    
She aimlessly picked up pebbles and twigs and tossed them to see how far she could throw them as she recalled the days she had struggled through that year after Beth had married and gone to live in England with her knight in shining armor.  She picked the petals off of a sprig of wild clover and her thoughts turned to her own “knight in shining armor” as she remembered her beloved Benjamin again.

She would remember the days of leisure exploring the beautiful beach along the Mediterranean coast and enjoying the immense expanse of salty sea while playfully holding the hand of her husband and all that she had once been privileged to enjoy in her travels with Benjamin’s family.  She could remember his smile and his laughter and the way his eyes had always looked at her in those moments.  
She looked down at the wedding ring on her right hand and was surprised at the numbness in her heart when she looked at it.  She didn’t ache so much as she had at the beginning of his passing and each day since then, she’d slowly begun to mend.  The first few months had been the hardest.  Grief had been her constant companion.  Even now, tears welled up in her eyes when she thought of her husband and how much she missed the feel of his strong arms around her slim shoulders.  As she rested her head on her knees and sobbed quietly, she gathered the strength to leave the land of her beloved behind.   
She lost track of the time, but it could be measured by three gentle breezes making the afternoon heat tolerable.  The solitude seemed to give her a chance to hear the voice of hope.  In spite of numbness and traces of shock to her new situation, she had bright hope for a new future.  She didn’t know what exactly God would do for her, but she had a feeling He had a most marvelous plan, as Lady Margaret was supremely convinced.  If her mother-in-law could heal from her wounds and losses, far greater than her own, then she could as well.  Lady Georgiana felt if she could simply hold Benjamin in her heart, to keep a little place for him, and believe she could someday love again and have a new future, she could go on.  Dare she hope and dream for a second chance at love?  The voice of hope nudged her on.  
What other choice did she really have?  She was far too young, impatient and impetuous not to hope and dream again.  She would cherish her memories of the time she had shared with Benjamin.  She did not have to forget him or continue to mourn his loss from her life.  She would never find anyone to replace him, but somehow, she had the feeling the good Lord above would not leave her desolate.  She felt God had someone in mind for her, somewhere, someday, somehow.  
For some reason, she thought moving on from what she had shared with her husband to enjoy life again would be nigh impossible as much as she loved Benjamin.  Though her heart ached and her feelings contradicted what she felt in her spirit, she had the distinct impression that the same God that Lady Margaret trusted and served, the same God who had allowed her husband’s life to be cut short along with his brother and father, the same God who provided comfort to her heart in the middle of the night when her tears soaked her pillow, had a new plan for her life.  Some days, even though it had been more than a year since the loss of her husband, she felt she might never recover.  
Maybe one day she would even find love again.  Deep in her heart she heard a whisper:  You will my child!  Maybe she would even have children of her own one day, something she and her husband had hoped for.  Then the whisper again:  You will my child!  Benjamin would want her to go on with her life now, she told herself as she stared at the simple gold wedding band on her hand.  Amazingly, she discovered profound comfort in that realization and great hope welling up in her heart and soul.


Chapter 2.  
Surely He Hath Born Our Grief


Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.    Isaiah 53:4, Authorized King James Version
County Essex, England 
Spring of 1811
Molly Cuddleton dragged the bucket to the next row of stone tiles some distance from where she knelt on the floor, dipping her scrub brush into the sudsy hot water as she did so.  She allowed a trail of water to splash on the next section to be washed and began scrubbing vigorously.  Martha Briggs, the housekeeper, wanted Wellbrook Hall’s main entrance to look spotless before Lady Juliana Barrington arrived for dinner with her father, Lord Barrington, a Viscount and the owner of a neighboring property to Bridesgate Park Estate.  It didn’t seem fair she had to scrub floors whenever Laura Doddmire, the parlor maid, fell behind in her duties.  Couldn’t one of the footmen or the scullery maid take on this task?  Her uniform was soaked.  She would have to change into a clean and dry one before she could arrange hair for Lady Selina and help her dress for tonight’s dinner.  
She didn’t mind helping Laura and aye, to be sure, Briggs was always fair, but it seemed to her Laura usually fell behind in the chores which required the most physical effort.  She made a mental note to herself to have a word with Briggs privately.  Couldn’t they afford another parlor maid to help Laura a few days a week?  She continued scrubbing the stone tiles until she thought her arm would fall off.  
“Pardon me,” Bradley, the butler, had stepped into the foyer from the front door.  Spying Molly and the wet floor, he tiptoed to the key table near the center of the front hall with the day’s mail in hand.  Molly stopped scrubbing long enough to eye the stack of letters he was arranging on the silver tray for the Earl and his family.  It was the perfect moment to catch her breath and rest her sore arm.  “I didn’t mean to walk on your clean floor.”
It’s no trouble ... everyone else has.  Instead she said, her face lighting up with hope, “Any letters fer me?” 
Bradley leafed through the mail that remained in his hand looking for a letter addressed to Miss Molly Cuddleton.  “Nay, I’m sorry, nothing today Molly.”  
She tried not to show her disappointment and immediately looked down and shoved her scrub brush back into the water.  Bradley shook his head despairingly for her.  He wished there was a way for letters from the front to make it back to England faster.  He was sure Walter had written to Molly.  He didn’t think she could hold up much longer without a letter from the young footman who’d so bravely enlisted a year ago into the British regiments.  He cleared his throat and tucked the rest of the mail for the staff inside the pocket of his dark suit coat. 
He pretended not to notice the tears Molly swiped away from the corner of her eye as he successfully navigated around the staircase and the bucket of soapy water.  He made a mental note to say something to Briggs about having one of the footmen scrub the main hall and first floor instead of Molly or Laura.  It was really too much for the female staff, especially these days when it seemed they were so shorthanded.  He headed down the main hall and turned right just before the conservatory to continue down another hall.  That hall led to a side door not far from the dining room.  He opened the door and stepped outside onto a brick path leading to the kitchen house to deliver the rest of the mail to the household staff and the invoices to Briggs so she could pay the vendors in a timely fashion.  At least there would be little on the books for the butcher this month as another hog had been butchered and filled the smokehouse nicely.  In addition, the Earl had experienced several fine shoots that spring and had produced fresh venison and several turkeys to add to the inventory of fine meats at Bridesgate Park Estate.  
Molly continued scrubbing until her back ached and she wondered how she would even lift her arm to arrange young Lady Selina’s hair for the dinner this evening.  Maybe if she complained about her arm they would stop asking her to crawl around on her hands and knees scrubbing the floors … especially if Lady Selina had to complain about not having a proper ladies’ maid.  She changed her mind about complaining and dragged herself to the third floor after tossing the bucket of water outside, leaning it up against the kitchen house to dry out.  She needed to go to her room in the servant’s quarters and have a good cry, get out of her wet apron and peel the wet sleeves of her black dress off of her arms.  Oh Walter!  Don’t ye know you are breaking my heart?  Four letters in these many months!  Why haven’t ye written more often, Walter?  Or have ye?  Are your letters delayed by the ravages of war?  Dear Lord, thank ye for keeping him safe, wherever he be.    
Lake Annecy, the French Alps- Spring of 1811
“Une lettre ... from the Earl?  Très bien!  Let’s have our tea now.  Come and sit outside avec moi on the balcony and read me la lettre, ma petite fille!” ¹   Lady Margaret was beside herself with joy, speaking in half French and half English; so much so, Georgiana could visibly see her hands tremble.
“I will carry the tray,” Georgiana agreed, whisking up the serving tray with the china teapot and matching cups and saucers.  She followed her mother-in-law who walked carefully out of the kitchen to the staircase from the ground floor entry way of the chateau.  The kitchen was tidy and a large wooden table welcomed many a guest to sit beside the hearth and warm themselves by the great stone fireplace.  They climbed the staircase to the second floor of the chateau and past the sitting room where another large stone fireplace heated the second floor during the colder months.  They followed the main hall outside through a set of double Dutch doors onto the balcony situated far above the main entrance of the chateau.  Tea was exactly what she needed after climbing back up the mountain from the village.  Letters and packages were not delivered this high up in the clouds; one had to make the trek to the village for all correspondence unless a neighbor brought it.  Neighbors were few and far between in these rugged French Alps.
She placed the tea tray onto the table and plopped anxiously into a cushioned chair, pulling her sage green shawl close about her elbows.  They were shielded by the roof from the balcony of the third floor where Papa Duncan had painted many of his masterpieces.  The balcony offered them a glorious view of Annecy far below.  She could see a few steepled churches amongst the red and brown tiled rooftops below and the bell tower to the cathedral where Papa Duncan had also fulfilled a commission to honor the house of the Lord with more of his artistry.  She fished the letter out of the hidden pocket of her petticoat folds beneath the rose print skirt of her simple, but attractive day dress, and set it aside until they could catch their breath from the climb.  
It wasn’t easy without the servants they were accustomed to, but frankly, they could no longer afford them.   She dare not complain about carrying the tea tray up from the kitchen or any of the other daily tasks she had been helping with since the loss of the cook, gardener and two house maids.  Her mother-in-law had spent the morning scrubbing their clothing in a large wash tub and hanging the laundry on lines to dry in the afternoon breezes.  Most likely, while Georgiana had made the trek to the village, Lady Margaret had taken a nap and then attempted to water the plants and hoe weeds out of the vegetable garden in the afternoon.  Her face was the telling sign as she had a smudge of dirt on one cheek and several tendrils of hair escaping her usually perfectly coiffed hair.  How she managed to do anything at all with a cane in one hand was a testament of her spirit and courage.  At times, she seemed to get by without it quite amiably, and other times, not so much.  
When they were settled and had taken in another glimpse of the stunning view of the village and Lake Annecy far below, resting from the climb up the staircase, Lady Margaret poured and Georgiana read each word carefully, trying to pronounce each English word perfectly so no details would be missed.  “Dear Lady Margaret ... his penmanship is beautiful I might add,” Georgiana paused to briefly show her the letter from across the little round table.   
“Indeed.  All Englishmen write well,” her mother-in-law insisted. 
Georgiana continued until the last line of the letter had been read, only pausing to sip her tea twice.  She set it down and picked up her teacup and took a longer sip, waiting for Lady Margaret’s reaction.  Lady Margaret looked far away, her eyes lit up with excitement and her head slightly bowed in prayer.  She had a slight smile on her lips and for the first in a long time, Georgiana thought she saw hope in Lady Margaret’s eyes.  
“What are your thoughts, ma petite fille?” ²  Her mother-in-law finally asked.
Georgiana, accustomed to being called ‘her little daughter’ in those endearing French words, chose her response carefully.  She set her teacup back on the saucer and looked at her mother-in-law with a contemplative tilt to her head.  “Je pense, ²  I think ... I think it would be good for us to go to England.”
Lady Margaret listened and refused to allow herself to interrupt.  She had to know all of her daughter-in-law’s thoughts on the matter.  It was an important and life changing decision.
“There is nothing here but memories now, both good and bad.  Some of the memories are très mal ² … very bad.  Much sorrow here.”  She placed her hand over her heart, unable to speak but with scattered phrases as she spoke at times.  “In order to heal, to move on, to go forward, we need a change.  I will never forget the love ici ² , the happiness we had here, the many years of joy God allowed us to share with our beloveds.”  She drew in her breath sharply and there was a long pause as her lungs filled with air and she could breathe again.  “Mais, c’est ² … time to go now.”  Lady Georgiana relaxed and breathed again more regularly as she pulled her sage green shawl up around the shoulders of her empire waisted day dress and clasped her hands to it, as if it would stop her mouth from forming anymore words and protect her heart from further pain.  
Margaret sensed she must help her daughter feel comfortable and released to move on without feeling as though she was abandoning her by doing so.  “I would not blame you if you do not want to go to England to be with me.  Perhaps you wish to relocate to be near someone in your biological family as Esther did.  You have my full blessing if you do not want to make this journey with me.  I will have some relations near me where I am going and they will care for me.”
“Since my parents have passed on to heaven I have felt my home is here with you, ma mère. ³  I do not wish to return to live with my sister’s family.  She still lives happily in Yorkshire with her husband and five children, as you know.  All boys except one girl; a most dreadful situation!  I would forever be asking one of them to give me back a glove or a bonnet and stop running through the halls, wildly trampling upon everything in their paths of destruction!  How my niece survives or ma soeur ³  has a moment of peace—je ne comprends pas!” ³  Georgiana smiled as she thought of them and so did Lady Margaret who knew Georgiana’s family well.  
“The boys are ... well, boys!  Rambunctious and energetic ... ”  Lady Margaret chuckled.
“And as much as I love my nephews ... ” 
“You can’t see yourself living with the daily torture ... ”
Lady Georgiana stifled a giggle and continued, breathless with a little excitement at the idea of returning to England even though she could not imagine finding a moment of solace under the roof of her sister.  Her sister had written to implore her to reside with them for years, but especially since the passing of her beloved Benjamin, numerous times.  In years past the letters pleaded with her to escape the unsettling reports of war and revolution, especially each time England’s navy had been drawn into the battle or reports of more wounded from among the English or French regiments reached her ears.  
Georgiana continued:  “Those boys, they have the run of the place you know.  Her husband doesn’t discipline them very well.  I fear she shall have to send each and every last one of them off to a military boarding school— and then the halls will be empty except for her little girl.  She shall be in a great lament for missing the antics of those boys!  She shall have to choose between woes, for she shall have an even far greater lament if she doesn’t ship them off to a strict school or find a very strict school master and hire him at once.”
Lord Barrington’s coach, on a country road in County Essex
“It’s a shame Cole isn’t here to enjoy the soothing effects of a country dinner at the Earl’s table this evening,” Juliana commented as the coach jostled them along.  She had a light blue, satin frock on with matching blue slippers.  The short sleeves of the dress had a fashionably shirred and bunched look, complementing her long white dinner gloves.  She wore a straw poke bonnet with a large blue satiny bow tied to the right of her chin.  Her long, blond locks spilled out on her shoulders and the simple strand of pearls she wore seemed the perfect choice for her gown.   
The Viscount eyed his daughter thoughtfully.  How she reminded him of his wife in earlier years, Lady Amber Barrington, at home for the evening with a headache.  His daughter looked as though she had a hundred thoughts rolling around in that pretty head of hers.  “You don’t think he’s getting into any quandaries, do you?”
“Nay Father, I’m just missing his company is all,” she said, avoiding eye contact with him as she turned her eyes to look out the window at the rolling fields they were passing.
“The Season is almost over.  Almost everyone I know has left for the countryside or the ocean.  Your brother will soon weary of London and join us here in Essex in time for a fine summer.”
“I hope so.  I’m sure he is in need of your excellent advice, our cook’s excellent cooking and the most excellent fresh air in all of England.” 
“All true!” Lord Barrington said as he checked his watch to be certain they were neither too early nor too late as the coach turned into the gated entrance to Wellbrook Hall.  He snapped the watch shut and tucked it back into his vest pocket beneath his outer dinner coat as two of the Earl’s footmen in livery opened the gates, granting the coach entrance.
Lady Juliana grasped the basket on the seat beside her filled with a brown paper package of scones and several jars each of jams, jellies, currants and relish from their own cook’s kitchen at Rosewood Manor.  Frances and Mama would be cross with her if she forgot to give the Earl the gift.  
“Don’t be forgetting to give the Earl this ‘ere basket, m’ lady!  Neighbors must be neighborly!”  The cook had said to her firmly as she’d proudly handed her the basket just before she had climbed into the coach assisted by one of the footmen.
“Thank you Frances,” she had responded.  “I will and I’m sure it will be appreciated.”
With her other hand she clutched her reticule and a small linen sewing satchel with several yards of ribbon from London for the Earl’s daughters and an embroidery hoop in case her hands felt restless after dinner.  She wished she’d found something for Edmund but what?  Looking nervously about her in the coach, she had a sudden urge to ask Father to relinquish his cravat so she could gift it to Edmund and then thought the better of it.  She’d simply have to give the girls the ribbon and hand Edmund the scones from the basket.  It wouldn’t do to have Father stripped of his cravat simply because she hadn’t the good foresight to think of the Earl’s son ahead of time.  How silly of her to even think of such a thing!  She would explain about the scones to Frances tomorrow; for ‘t’would probably be late when they returned to Rosewood Manor and surely the dependable cook would have retired to the servant’s quarters by then.

Chateau de Fleurs, Lake Annecy, The French Alps
Lady Margaret laughed and shook her head trying to imagine it all as Georgiana relayed her firm convictions.  Her replies came out softly to the devoted daughter-in-law before her as she listened carefully.  Knowing Georgiana had obviously thought this through, all she could muster was a meager final attempt to persuade her to find a bright side in the idea of returning to her biological family.  “You would be not more than about a day or two by coach from London, and at least you would not be in want of entertainment.  You could be at leisure as opposed to taking on the role of a governess for a distant relation of mine.”
Georgiana was amused just thinking of the antics four boys could get into in just one hour.  “I am so accustomed to our quiet, easy days here in the mountains among peaceful chalets.  Only the occasional bells of the sheep, the cows and mountain goats that feed here in these hills and cliffs disturb us.  I wouldn’t last more than a fortnight among such conditions avec ma soeur,¹  though I know it is no longer safe to remain here when our provisions are running so low and little work for ladies of our background is found among a village with so little extra work—constant war and upheaval threatening to destroy our economy and come to our very doorsteps.  I like the idea of living in England again, but I cannot fathom going to Yorkshire when we could be together in Essex.  I have very little reason to subject myself to life with four rambunctious sons, mainly the eldest two, whose daily objective it is to play pranks on their relations and the hands that feed and clothe them.  The younger two were trying to follow in the footsteps of the elder.  Sir Hadley has ruined them, spoiling them because of the grief they have experienced; though I have hopes my dear sister will rise to the occasion before it is too late and do the right thing in directing those vivacious boys to a life of discipline and duty—for the good of all mankind, not just myself.  Remember how that journey turned out when Benjamin and I last visited Elizabeth for merely a few days of our wedding trip?”
“Tell me again ... that story always makes me laugh!”  
“We barely escaped with our lives.  They destroyed a perfectly new bonnet, lost one of my gloves, broke the sculpture my husband had made for them, ruined Benjamin’s clothing when they coerced him into a steeplechase through the woods and unfamiliar ravines ... and nearly broke his neck.  Not to mention the frog they placed in my teacup!  Thank goodness I heard it croaking just as I was about to ...”  Lady Georgiana’s voice trailed off as she momentarily picked up her cup by the saucer and peered deeply into her teacup.  This made her mother-in-law chuckle and soon they were both laughing.  When she had recovered, she continued her story.  “We took our departure from my sister’s English home with great joy and relief, completely determined never to return until those four boys grow up a little.  Of course, the youngest sons were just babies, but the older boys were of no help to my sister.  No, ‘twouldn’t be safe.  Nor do I think we are safe here in these mountains which seem like a refuge compared with the streets of Paris and my sister’s home.  The Revolution is stirring more and more with every strategy of Napoleon.  The people of France are hungry and weary.  They are tired of losing their sons to war, heavy taxation and hunger.  Hunger and fear makes outraged thieves, murderers and bandits of them. ”
Lady Margaret nodded as she listened with great understanding and compassion to the animated expressions of her daughter.  Her eyes even sparkled a little.  “Yes, I certainly do remember how relieved you were to leave your sister’s home!  And yes indeed, it is a time of great turbulence in this country of ‘kings all named Louis.’  My dearly departed husband was not fond of Napoleon and neither am I.”  She shifted in her chair and looked down the mountain from her spot on the balcony tea table, wanting to delve a little deeper into her daughter-in-law’s thoughts.  Without looking at her she asked calmly in a softer voice.  “What of your Uncle Henri in Bordeaux?  Have you considered what it might be like to reside under the shelter of a man of his prestige?   As a widower with so much time on his hands, could he not spend a great deal of time with you and introduce you perhaps, when you are ready, to other worthy gentlemen in Bordeaux?  Would he not welcome you with open arms and enjoy your company ... and you, his?  I know how much you miss him at times.  How your parents loved him!  His chalet reminds me of times gone by.  How kind it was of him to bring you and Lady Elizabeth to the mountains after their passing and bring you girls up.  None of us expected them not to recover.  He seemed so helpless with two orphan girls and yet so happy to do his duty as your mother’s brother.  How my Benjamin and Samuel loved to roam the countryside with you and your sister, exploring the meadows of the mountains and the village during the summertime when we were able to holiday here.”
“Elizabeth never got over the fact he left us with a housekeeper while he went on all those business trips to Bordeaux.  It was so hard for us to understand at the time how demanding the management of that much farm land and an overseer and tenants can be.  I knew the moment Beth was presented at English court she would find love in England and remain there.  It took me a number of years to recover from that feeling of abandonment as well.  My mother and father would have been pleased she was presented at court and made a lovely match with Sir Richard Hadley.  It’s just when we were younger, we needed my uncle to simply be with us ... and though I know he did his best, it was hard to stabilize from losing our parents to the smallpox and thrive in a boarding school environment; though I am indeed thankful for a fine education.  Such a dreadful disease—the smallpox!”  Lady Georgiana shook her head, looking down but seeing nothing really.  
She stirred her tea absently but placed her spoon down in the saucer and just stared at the warm liquid inside the cup.  Sometimes she could barely remember her mother’s face and it alarmed her.  She turned her head to the side and looked down the mountain as if changing her viewpoint would also change the thoughts that sometimes needed to be pushed aside for the sake of her own mental health and clarity.  Looking at the village far below them from the tea table on the balcony did help her focus again.  She continued, drawing in a deep breath as she did so.  “Besides the fact I am not very close with Uncle Henri since my marriage to Benjamin, frankly, I believe he has recently attached himself to this Girondist Party. ¹   The last I heard, he is becoming a strong voice in this miserable Revolution that seems to have no end.”  
Lady Margaret had heard quite a bit about the Girondist Party from reading the papers. “He is taking great risks with his land and all he owns to place his attention on politics.  I do not think it would be safe for you to remain in Bordeaux under his roof if things are as you say and he is so distracted again.  He must spend a great deal of his time in Paris then.”  
“You’ve heard correctly.  He’s been on numerous long journeys to Paris and back again to Bordeaux.  The coastal region near Bordeaux is volatile as well.  It’s not as peaceful as ‘twas when we visited there with Papa, Benjamin and Samuel, or when Beth and I were young.  The press reports the English have a blockade on all of the French ships.  Being a shipping area, I don’t think it is safe for me to consider.  Some fear the United States will declare war on Britain, because of the blockade.  I was able to gather some information from a few of our acquaintances in the village and reading les journaux ²  and a little from Uncle Henri’s letters.  He has let out the chalet here in the Alps and I don’t think he will be returning to visit us anytime soon now that he is so distracted with politics.  I do love my uncle and sister, but I don’t think I should make a new life with either of them.  We will visit each other from time to time.  I do enjoy corresponding with them.  I definitely don’t want to make my habitation with them.”
“I see,” Lady Margaret said as she placed her teacup back in the saucer and placed folded hands in her lap.  She smoothed out an imaginary wrinkle in her simple day dress.  “Mais oui! ²  Yes, you are right.  You have convinced me.  It is far too dangerous to send you to your uncle.  I hadn’t considered these things as well as you have.  My husband didn’t discuss politics with me because he knew I dreaded it so, but these are desperate times and I need to keep myself educated; though it is considered terribly unladylike to speak of such things.  I am as curious as you are with all of the changes happening in our world and in so many nations around us.  It is very disturbing and I fear further war, inevitable.  Napoleon’s appetite to conquer the world as we know it seems insatiable.  These are most dangerous times and especially here.  As I have thought for many years, I feel returning to England is truly best for us.  I could never convince Duncan we needed to return to Essex.  It is such a shame your parents have passed away on top of everything else.  I don’t know how either of us have coped with all of these losses, but for the grace of God carrying us.  I know your sister would love to have you live with her, in spite of having all of those boys on her hands.”
“I’m sure Elizabeth would!  I’d be drafted into mending their britches at once and sewing new shirts for all of them.  I would like to visit them when we are settled in Essex with the Earl’s family, but I don’t wish to live with them.  Very short visits would be more suitable if I am to preserve my relationship with her and my nephews.  I’d like to invite my niece to visit us when we are settled at Wellbrook Hall, when she is a little older.  She shall need an escape I fear!”  Georgiana reached into another of her petticoat pockets and gently snapped open a small fan at that point in the conversation.  She deserved a reward in being able to sit back in her chair now and fan herself as she truly felt she had been able to overcome Lady Margaret’s objections to their parting ways.  
Lady Margaret pulled her chair closer to the table and poured more tea into both of their cups from the teapot.  She was mentally calculating how much tea was left in the kitchen as she did so.  If she had calculated correctly, they had enough tea to last for another two months perhaps.  “You do realize I may have to sell the chateau.  We may not be able to return to France.  It may become too dangerous to cross the Channel.  Even then, I would only want to return to France to visit.  I may not even come to this particular region of France when I do ... and this place, well, it holds too many memories for me.  I think I will sell it.  I may let it out for income.”
“I understand,” Georgiana said wistfully, wishing she did not understand so well.  Unlike her mother-in-law, she had tried more than most women she knew to educate herself on everything happening in the political arena.  Each day they remained in France grew more dangerous.  Somehow, she did not think Napoleon’s forces were capable of protecting them; though he seemed to have seized control of the government and several other nations with little effort.  Had she not just read in the papers that French forces had taken Holland?  Was there no end to this dictator’s madness?  Would he dare to seize control of England she wondered.  It was too much for her to comprehend in the midst of so much change before them on a personal front.   
“So where will you go then when I leave France?  You are not seriously interested in becoming a governess for this distant relation of mine, or are you?  You were born and bred to be a fine lady of the peerage, not a governess.”  Lady Margaret would not be satisfied with Georgiana’s answers until she made her daughter face every last possible escape route from a life of assisting her nearly destitute, widowed, elderly mother-in-law.
Lady Georgiana calmly and cooly kept fanning without so much as a flinch.  When her reply came it was with acceptance and intrigue, even a hint of joy.  “Though a titled ‘Lady’ in my own right, he—the Earl—specifically mentions this position for me in his letter, and I am of a mind to accept the position.  I think it would take my mind off of Benjamin, which is what I desperately need to do.  Furthermore, it’s the nearly perfect situation.  He has two daughters and one son.  I would particularly enjoy living in the countryside as we do now ... and being in London for the excitement of the Season.  He mentions there are spare bedrooms and suites at both of his homes.  I am consoled by the fact you will at least have your own sitting room to display your most treasured possessions and I will have my own sitting room.  I think, ma mère, ¹ we could have a good life together.  He has a mathematics tutor and a violin instructor for the children in place now.  I would teach English Literature, French, geography, history, a little science, and maybe art technique, some art history ... he indicates his desire to advance his children in Bible study.  Those happen to be all of my favorite subjects!  In the summers and for other events, we would function as companions and chaperones for his children.  We should meet a great many fascinating people and forge a whole new life together.”
“Are you quite certain you could be happy with such a great responsibility?”  Lady Margaret inquired.  
“I could not leave your side after all you have done for me and all you have taught me about the Lord, ma mère.  I sometimes fall into despair and doubt, but I am learning to find comfort in what our Savior endured for us.  If He endured the cross, we can endure loss.”
“If you are certain, mon cher, ¹  then together we shall suffer these afflictions and trust the God of Abraham who holds our future in His most capable hands.”


Chapter 3. 
 Grace In Affliction

And our hope of you is steadfast, knowing, that as ye are partakers of the sufferings, so shall ye be also of the consolation.   2 Corinthians 1:7, Authorized King James Version
Wellbrook Hall
The Earl and his children greeted their neighbors and dinner guests in the front hall.  Lady Juliana gave the scones to Edmund first and then she fished the lengths of ribbon from her linen satchel for Lady Selina and Lady Madalene as the Earl led them temporarily into the sitting room to the left of the front doors.  Selina mumbled her thanks and when Madalene saw her sister wasn’t very thankful for her gift, her lips clamped shut as if it would be an act of disloyalty to express any gratitude.  Juliana ignored the display of ingratitude from the Earl’s daughters but took pleasure when she noticed Edmund was already devouring several of the scones.  She handed the basket from cook to the Earl before she sat down beside the girls on the sofa facing the front windows.  
“Thank you.  I see Frances has been busy.  Please give her our deepest regards for her thoughtfulness.  She makes the best relish in all of Essex, but don’t tell our Mrs. Foster I said so!”  This remark by the Earl in reference to Wellbrook Hall’s own first rate cook earned a few chuckles from everyone seated in the parlor.  He nodded a smile of thanks toward Lady Juliana but addressed Lord Barrington as he glanced through the basket, picking up several of the jars for a closer look.  He looked pleased and after a moment, Bradley stepped forward to take the basket to a footman to have it delivered to the kitchen.  There, he knew Mrs. Sarah Foster would be delighted to add the contents to the pantry.
Juliana looked at her Father, seated in the chair beside the Earl, who looked as if he’d swallowed a canary.  He had noticed that the Earl seemed a little distant towards his daughter and wished that his expression of gratitude had been directed to her.  Perhaps it was nothing ... but he hoped he hadn’t made a mistake when he’d told that Oliver fellow to delay his offer of marriage until next spring.  By then, he was hoping the Earl would marry his Juliana.  He had a large tract of land bordering Bridesgate Park Estate to offer as a dowry.  Furthermore, he’d already let the cat out of the bag over a dinner at White’s on James Street at the beginning of the Season when they’d arrived in London.  Nathaniel Edwards had shown little reaction to the subject of the dowry or his daughter, other than a raised eyebrow at the time.  He hoped this summer would prove invaluable and make strides towards the desired union.  
As far as Lord Barrington could tell, Edwards seemed to be considering the matter.  Edwards had danced with her on numerous occasions at Almack’s Assembly Rooms, escorted her twice to Vauxhall Gardens for an outdoor music concert and fireworks, and accompanied him and his daughter several times to the Drury Lane Theatre.  He had also taken her by open carriage on three occasions through Hyde Park on Sunday at the fashionable hour to do so ... and attended church with both of their families in tow a number of times.  They usually had dinner together once every few weeks.  The problem was, the Earl had also escorted a Lady Caroline Sturbridge to a number of events and had not formally asked for a courtship with Juliana.  Who was this Lady Caroline anyhow?  He should have insisted upon the institution of a formal courtship but when he had broached the subject with his daughter, she had disliked the idea.  
The Viscount replayed his daughter’s words in his mind from the talk they’d had in the parlor at their London townhouse on Henrietta Street:  “Father, I realize you are partial to Lord Edwards but you know, I rather like Baron Oliver and haven’t decided between them which of the twain I like best.  Some days, I think I prefer Nathaniel.  I’ve known him nearly all of my life.  Other days, I think I prefer Timothy, the Baron.  Now if you tie me to a formal courtship, I’ll never be able to decide!”  Unable to deny his daughter anything she wished for, he had remained as unobtrusive as possible, allowing the good Lord above to work his wonders where the romance and future of his daughter was concerned.  Perhaps his mother and wife would stop cackling and pestering him about Juliana’s future.  Now if only a suitable prospect for a wife would appear for Cole.  His mother and wife pestered him about that situation almost as often as the other.  What a quandary!
When dinner was over and the gentlemen retired to the upstairs library, Ladies Selina and Madalene entertained Lady Juliana in the upstairs sitting room, where Juliana was glad indeed she had brought her stitching.  Nurse Lottie came to fetch Madalene after about half an hour to ready her for bed.   A yawning little girl pushing her blond locks out of her eyes was whisked down the hall to her bedroom.  If only Juliana could draw Selina to converse in ladylike fashion about something!  It seemed Selina was determined to sit in silence and stab her own needlework with vigor.
Across the hall, the gentlemen seemed to fare better and more amiably with each other than the ladies.  The Earl did not partake in any alcoholic beverages and that was part of the reason Lord Barrington approved of the match.  He didn’t offer port, brandy or whiskey to any of his guests, though Bradley was always on hand to offer coffee or tea.  Lord Nathaniel Edwards (the Third) did however enjoy a friendly discussion about agriculture; the weather; politics; the war; ethics; theology as opposed to religion; matters of importance about the parish and hamlet; and upcoming local events.  Edmund enjoyed being allowed to participate in these private, all male discourses.          
“Have you heard any news from the front?”  Barrington asked as Edwards opened the French doors to let in the fresh air and Bradley handed him a fresh cup of coffee made exactly the way he preferred it.
“Nothing,” Nathan replied, satisfied with the breeze coming through the windows and turning to sit down near the fireplace, “though we are all anxious for another letter from our footman, Walter.  He is Wellbrook Hall’s contribution to the war and we pray continually for his safety and wellbeing.”
“Yes, I can imagine.  When did the last letter arrive?” Lord Barrington asked.
“It was some months ago.”  The Earl sat down in one of the chairs near the Viscount and accepted a cup of coffee from Bradley.  Edmund pulled a chair up from his father’s desk and propped his elbows on his knees and his chin up in his hands as he leaned in to listen to every word.
“That long ago and no word since?  Distressing!”  
“Terribly so!  But on another note, I’d like to invite your family to accompany us on holiday at the ocean in about a month or so ... we’ve plans to stay for about a fortnight.”
“Splendid!  We accept!  I’m certain Juliana would be delighted and Cole should have returned from London by then to join us.  Amber loves the seaside.  Have you decided where exactly?”
“Not yet, but I’ve got some ideas in mind.  I’d like to avoid Bath, Cheltenham and the popular overcrowded places to holiday.”  The Earl sat back in his armchair.  “I think it would be good for the children as well, especially our Selina.”
“Yes, it would be nice to have a private holiday.  I’m weary of parties and the utter nonsense of the Ton.”  The Viscount drank his coffee, thankful they were back in the countryside away from London.  He’d feel much better when Cole returned home and thought to dispatch a letter first thing in the morning to insist upon that very thing.
  The French Alps
The ladies fell silent as Lady Margaret pondered this declaration of loyalty from her daughter-in-law.  It had been heartbreaking to lose her husband, but it had been nearly crippling to suffer the loss of her sons.  No mother expects to bury her children and her own heart was broken.  Most days, she thought it was broken beyond repair.  Somehow though, the Lord had cradled and carried her through the aftermath.  Samuel’s wife, Esther, had returned to her family a few months ago.  She had expected Georgiana to do the same now that she was leaving France.  It was simply amazing that this daughter-in-law wished to remain with her.  It was an act of kindness, no less.  The good Lord had seen fit to leave her with one person to share her life with ... one person who had deeply and truly loved her son Benjamin and her family.  They shared many good and wonderful memories.  
“The Earl said he will dispatch escorts who will meet us in Paris when he receives your reply.  I assume he is married, or have I presumed incorrectly?”  Georgiana asked later that evening at dinner.  With one candle in a pewter candlestick holder for light, they sat at the large wooden table near the warmth of the hearth instead of in the upstairs formal dining room.   “What is his wife like?  Will she be a kind employer?”
Lady Margaret sipped her vegetable broth from the soup spoon silently with the excellent manners of any fine lady.  “He is widowed, as we are.  His wife died in childbirth some years ago.”
“He never remarried?”  Georgiana asked gingerly as she spread a teaspoon of currant jelly on her bread.
Lady Margaret applied a small amount of butter to the green beans and early garden snap peas on her plate.  “Not to my knowledge, though I’m certain he has been sought after.  We are only distantly related.  He is a first or second cousin on my deceased husband’s side of the family—and a wealthy man.  He holds a seat in the House of Lords, is well respected in Essex and among peers and colleagues.  He corresponded with Papa over the years and knew my sons from school, holidays and many weeks in the summer spent together when we weren’t vacationing here in the Alps or some other part of Europe for Papa Duncan’s work.  The Earl, Nathaniel is his first name but he is addressed as Edwards by most, and my sons ... attended the same schools and university.  Lord Edwards graduated a number of years before my sons did.”  She paused to chew and swallow a bite of the buttered vegetables.  “I can tell he is devastated to hear of their passing.  Writing him about what happened was one of the hardest things I’ve ever had to do.  He used to be a frequent part of our lives many years ago when we still lived in England and vacationed here in the Alps, when the boys were much younger.”
“I remember Benjamin mentioning him from time to time.  Papa Duncan mentioned him too, now and then.  I’m certain it was hard for you to write the Earl with such news.  I’ve had the worst time informing ma souer, mon oncle et mes amis. ¹  It is hard to tell others how our husbands died, defending themselves from thieves and bandits!”  Lady Georgiana’s chin tilted somewhat proudly and she dabbed at the corners of her eyes with her handkerchief.
Lady Margaret nodded.  “We must make the most of every single day even though they are with the Lord now.  We must not waste a single moment.  We must continue on and find ways to be joyful.  They would want us to be happy even in the midst of our suffering, just as the Lord found joy in going to the cross for us.”
For a moment, Lady Georgiana was lost remembering how her husband and his father and brother had died.  From what they had been able to understand from the authorities, their coach had been surrounded by bandits in the dead of night.  They had been en route to Paris where some of their work would have been displayed in an exhibit at the Musée du Louvre. ²  Papa Duncan had been fearless about his work and had survived many journeys throughout Austria, Italy, Switzerland and France.  
Benjamin and Samuel had carefully packed into trunks sculptures and treasured vases and Papa, canvas paintings wrapped in layers of brown paper to display at the museum.  The best they could piece together from the aftermath of that night was that bandits had overtaken the coach, murdered the driver and the men, and absconded with the coach and contents.
A renowned artist in Europe, everyone had heard of the painter from England, Viscount Duncan Colton.  After painting for many of the nobility and aristocracy throughout England and Europe, he had been commissioned by a wealthy Annecy family to paint all nine of their children.  When that was complete, he was recommended to the bishop at the Franciscan friary of the Cathedral of Saint-Pierre in Annecy and had been commissioned for more renovations.  He had loved the village so much that he’d purchased the comfortable Chateau de Fleurs ¹ in the French Alps as a summer vacation home.  Eventually, he sold his home in Essex when his sons graduated from their studies at an English university and he moved the family to live permanently in the mountains above the village of Annecy.  Both of his sons had been greatly impacted by their father’s work and followed in some variation of the art field.  His work and that of his sons had continued on from the Alps.  Papa Duncan, in particular, finally felt he had found himself situated in the perfect setting, a country setting with fresh mountain air which had inspired much of his work.  
The bandits had absconded with the coach, the paintings to be displayed at the Louvre—and the sculptures and vases, the beautiful work of his sons, and everything of value they had travelled with on their person and for the museum.  The driver, along with Samuel, Benjamin and Duncan’s bodies were discovered a few days later.  None had escaped.   
In the days, weeks and months ahead, Lady Margaret had done what she could in her own grief to turn the thoughts of her daughters-in-law to more noble memories and thoughts than that of their unanswered prayers for the protection of their loved ones.  She had gasped for air and closed her eyes shut tight as if she were holding her breath when the news had come that her sons and her husband were no longer living.  Those first few hours, days and weeks after the shocking news had been such a blur.  They were engulfed in grief and their memories hazy.   “We are all tested.  This is ours ... ”  Lady Margaret kept repeating that as they huddled together in deep sorrow at the chateau in the Alps.  
Even now, over a year since the incident, there were times when they feared for their safety.  Had someone resented Duncan Colton’s connections to the French court and the former family of the Kings of France?  In Duncan’s early years, the Viscount had been recommended by a bishop from the Church of England who had connections to the French court of King Louis XVI.  Duncan had been commissioned to paint the royal family in an informal household country setting and at the palace in Paris on several occasions prior to the desperate and depraved events of 1793.  It seemed unlikely that someone would see a mere artist as a threat to those in the current political arena after all of the years that had passed since those first few commissions.  These thoughts had plagued Georgiana, but dare she mention them again?  Could it bring back her beloved husband, brother and father?  It was useless to ponder.
Lady Georgiana seemed to suffer more deeply than even Lady Margaret at times.  When she reflected on the loss of her parents it seemed as though someone had punched her deep in the gut.   Was that why she could feel the Holy Spirit holding her now sometimes?  Was it to keep her heart from shattering completely or drive her directly to her knees in endless streams of prayer ... or cripple her beneath the weight of loss?  
Shaking herself from the events surrounding the death of her husband, Lady Georgiana looked at Lady Margaret and poured a cup of hot tea for both of them when they were finished with their supper.  “Sometimes, just now and then, I have this chilling feeling that ... how shall I say it?  I am sometimes of the opinion they ... were locals ... ” She didn’t have to say the word ‘bandits.’  Margaret knew what she meant instantly.  The widening of her eyes as she stared at her daughter in law said so.  
Georgiana continued:  “I think the bandits may reside in Annecy.  Well, it’s possible anyhow, as far-fetched as it might sound.  Some desperate—perhaps starving men in the village who have been affected by the Revolution going on in our countryꟷI think they followed Papa and Benjamin and Samuel in the coach.  I think they took the paintings and my beloved’s sculptures and Samuel’s vases.  I think they sold them in Switzerland or Paris, perhaps Vienna ... or some other city where art is appreciated.  I think they know us and even interact with us each time we go to Annecy for any social function or errand.  That’s another reason I want to leave Lake Annecy.  I know it is beautiful here, but every once in a while, I can’t help but wonder who else could possibly have known other than loved ones and our dearest friends that our husbands were leaving these beautiful mountains for a journey to display Papa’s art work and that of his sons.  Whoever did this, I think they are living somewhere down in that village at the foot of this mountain.   How did they find them in the dark on that road and escape unseen by anyone else?  They left with hardly a trace and the authorities didn’t seem to be very good at tracking them, or they don’t want to stir up trouble by making an arrest or a confrontation.”
“You may very well be right Georgiana,” Lady Margaret said, her head tilted to one side as she considered her daughter-in-law’s concerns.  “I think the good Lord may have given you tremendous insight concerning this matter.  I have been too saddened in my grief to consider these things before.  We’ve given a thorough description of the paintings and all of the artwork to the authorities.  All I’ve been able to do is accept what has happened without any further loss of my ability to function and without allowing it to derail me entirely.  Sharing my grief with you has been a mercy in all of this.  Whoever did this atrocity, we must forgive them and leave restitution in God’s hands.  I think we will drive ourselves mad if we don’t leave it there.  It is unlikely in a case of unknown bandits that we will ever see justice on this earth unless the paintings are recovered.  Even then, it may not lead authorities to who the real bandits are if the paintings and other artwork have changed hands several times.” 
“Oui, you are right ma mère.¹   I’m probably just overly tired and have thought too hard about everything that has happened.  I do agree with you.  I feel much better when I don’t think on it and when I simply trust the Lord and as hard as it is, leave it in God’s hands.”  Georgiana stood up, pushing her chair away from the table with the back of her legs as she rose.  “Let me get you a shawl,” Georgiana said as she retrieved a shawl from the hook by the kitchen door, pushing all of her remaining thoughts of the past away from her mind as best she could.  
“Thank you Georgiana ... ” Lady Margaret said slowly and distantly without argument, without even looking at Georgiana.  She wasn’t cold.  She was merely trembling again, but she didn’t have the strength to protest since her faithful and loyal daughter-in-law had already risen.  When she returned to the table with the pale pink shawl, she accepted it graciously along with the Bible they always read from after dinner.  She found the twenty-seventh Psalm and began reading out loud.  
Georgiana cleared the table and quickly washed the dishes, listening to the comforting passage.   She wished they had a beef roast or some poultry to add to the dinner table for tomorrow evening, but determined to be thankful that they had any food at all when so many had even less than they did.  Had it not been for Papa Duncan’s successful career and the hard work of his talented sons, they might have been starving, destitute and homeless!  She pushed herself to be thankful for what they did have.   
They finished their tea together and finally Georgiana suggested, “Perhaps a turn in the gardens would be refreshing.  Enjoy the sunset.  We won’t have very many more French sunsets to enjoy.  We should begin packing tomorrow.”
“Packing?  Well, if you are absolutely sure you want me to write to the Earl and inform him we accept his generous offer to bring us into the protection of his household.”
“It is the only thing I am sure of!”  She wasn’t about to leave her mother-in-law.  She had been a kind mother and Georgiana didn’t have the heart to abandon her.  She knew they needed each other in order to move forward.
“I miss our servants,” Lady Margaret remarked absently, wishing she’d had the funds to keep the hired help on after the death of her husband and sons.  “You should not be slaving to cook and clean and do all that you have done to help us survive.”  They now took turns in the kitchen preparing meals or prepared them together, sharing all of the chores and household duties.  When Esther, Samuel’s widow, had returned to her family some months after the funeral they had absorbed her duties without complaint.    
“Yes, but we shall soon have servants and comfort again in England.  I don’t mind helping!  It keeps my hands busy!” Georgiana called out cheerfully as she headed towards the pantry to see what was left for tomorrow evening’s dinner from among their meager and dwindling provisions.  She was thankful for the distraction of chores and meal preparations.  
Surveying the supplies in the pantry and on the shelves of the cupboard as Lady Margaret slipped outside to walk in the garden, Georgiana wondered if they would even last another month if it took that long to meet the Earl’s escort.  They were nearly out of everything except tea, coffee, a little sugar, some early vegetables from the small kitchen garden, some cornmeal, a wheel of cheese, oatmeal, some flour and oil.  They did thankfully have some butter, vinegar, a little honey, some orange marmalade and raspberry jam on another of the wooden shelves.  She was very thankful for the basket of hard tack biscuits and scones.  They just had to hang on long enough to meet the Earl’s servants and make the journey to England.   
Then she remembered the notes inside the letter.  The Earl had generously sent funds for the journey and more than enough to travel in style!  Tomorrow she would make the trip down the mountain and purchase a few more supplies from the general store and deliver a reply to the Earl to go out in the mail coach.  She would have to walk.  The mountain wasn’t able to be traversed except by horse, pack mule or on foot in many places.  They used to stable a horse, a coach and a curricle at the livery in Annecy, but not since times had become so difficult.  
Tomorrow they could eat whatever they wanted for dinner for the first time in months without having to do so sparingly!  She could purchase a small ham or a chicken from the butcher perhaps... no, both!  How this news would cheer Lady Margaret!  Perhaps they could make arrangements to stay in a decent hotel in Paris and purchase some new clothing before they crossed the Channel.  This time, they would be careful to tell no one of their plans.  Please protect us Lord, she prayed silently.  She could hardly wait to share the forgotten news with Lady Margaret over a cup of soothing tea before bed.  Finding the notes inside the letter was a miracle indeed!  How would they ever repay the Earl for this rescue and his many kindnesses to come?  They were being rescued from a difficult plight; a burden far too heavy to carry.  How good God was to bring relief to the dilemmas they faced.  
While Georgiana busied herself in the kitchen readying an evening tea tray to take to the upstairs sitting room, Lady Margaret meandered about in the kitchen garden, then the flower garden and on the flatter parts of the lawn outside the chateau where she could enjoy the last few moments of the sunset.  
When she was feeling particularly weak, she walked with the cane as the doctor had advised after the death of her sons and husband.  The stroke she had suffered in the aftermath had left her in fragile health with difficulty walking unaided.  As she grasped the cane’s handle and carefully stepped through the garden she and her sons and previous servants had planted and maintained over the years, she reminded herself to prepare Georgiana that they might soon be considered merely distant relatives and little more than hired help —unless God gave them favor in their new situation.  Though they held courtesy titles of the peerage because of Duncan’s title, they had been left penniless, except for the chateau.  If only her husband hadn’t sold their country home in Essex when they had journeyed to France years ago.  It was some months after his death she had been made aware of the fact there had only been enough left in the bank to pay off his few debts, cover the expense of the funeral and burial costs of their loved ones, and purchase a few supplies to see them through the year.  
There was nothing left for her to do but sell or lease the chateau for income unless they could think of some way to earn a supplemental income.  In truth, neither of them wanted to stay where the memories kept them bound in their grief.  It was best to pursue a change in circumstance and situation altogether.  
She felt it an answer to prayer that the Earl had so graciously invited them to Essex.  At least the chateau was paid for and she could be thankful her husband had at least managed his affairs well enough to see that she had a roof overhead.  She might acquire a small but tidy sum for the chateau and the acreage surrounding it.  I will miss you Chateau de Fleurs.  It would be nice to be able to visit again one day, perhaps with her daughter-in-law and a future grandchild.  Somehow, she must find the strength to start over.  
Perhaps the Earl could advise her on what would be best to do concerning the land and the chateau.  For now, she must move on to stop her grieving. They were well past a proper time of mourning; making it indeed, a good time to go on to England.  She prayed God would protect the little Chateau with its lovely sitting room, formal dining room and sewing room on the second floor, the three bedrooms on the third floor, and the kitchen and two studios on the ground floor, and the garret third studio ... so many studios, one for each of her three artists.  How she missed her sons and her husband.
Lady Margaret allowed her thoughts to travel once again to how they might be treated when they arrived in Essex.  It had been years since she’d lived there as a young bride and mother, raising her two sons to be upstanding and fine Christians and loyal subjects of the British crown, respectful to fellow man and seeking professions worthy of pursuit.  It made her hands tremble again when she thought they might even have to dine alone or with the servants when they arrived in England, depending upon the wishes of the Earl when he so charitably took them into his household.  They might even consider herself and Georgiana little more than a meddling widow and unwanted chaperone and governess to the Earl’s daughters.  She wasn’t certain of how well they would be received in his home, but she hoped they would be welcomed with open arms after all they had suffered.  At one time, Nathaniel had been very close to her sons and her husband, but so many years had passed with only occasional visits to England.
She wondered how she would tell all of her old friends, relatives and acquaintances when she returned to England that God had dealt her such sorrow as to have lost her sons and her husband.  Her life had been happy and full of joy until this point.  This then must be what the good Lord had asked of her.  She must not be a fair weather friend to God now that times were hard when He had been so generous with her throughout all of her life.  
She prayed God would give her a new son by allowing Georgiana to marry again someday and that these sorrows would melt away from her heart.  She prayed her hands would stop trembling, but she suspected that since the day of her great loss, this trembling would from time to time recur.  It did not seem possible for one heart to bear this much sorrow in the loss of not only her beloved husband but two dearly loved and cherished sons, but then ... had not her risen Lord born more on the cross at Calvary for the sins of an entire world?  When she thought of it in that light, her sorrow seemed but a light thing in comparison.  Her Savior, Jesus Christ, had carried the weight of the sorrows and sadness of the entire world when they crucified him, the Son of God, on that cross so many years ago.  Her trembling hands flew into the pocket in the folds of her skirt where she wrapped her fingers comfortingly around the small Bible her husband had always carried.  Dear Lord, grant thy handmaidens the grace to endure our suffering.
   
Chapter 4.  
 Une Résistance à la Rue

Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert.      Isaiah 43:19, Authorized King James Version
                  
Less than a month later, the rented coach jostled on the roads all the way to Paris, so much so, at times Lady Georgiana peered out the window thinking the driver was purposely driving into every rut.  Both ladies were relieved when they were settled at a respectable and fine hotel in Paris where the Earl’s escorts would meet them in a few days.  Having passed a full year of mourning and several months, weary of wearing mainly black until the past spring, Georgiana found many of her former gowns seemed a little out of style.  She was delighted they would have enough time to shop for accoutrements all ladies desired to appear fashionably smart and reasonably well dressed.  Lady Margaret would continue to wear mostly hats with black veils and black gowns for some time to come she suspected, but Georgiana was determined to leave black permanently behind as much as possible.  She had decided she would keep a black gown in her wardrobe for funerals and other somber occasions, but she was anxious to purchase a few more new gowns before their arrival in Essex.   
A seamstress in Annecy and another in Geneva had quickly produced five new gowns for Georgiana and two for her mother-in-law.  Lady Margaret insisted Georgiana select several new frocks in Paris the next day after they were well rested from the journey and had enjoyed a fine breakfast in the hotel dining room and some leisure time.  Glad to hear that Paris was enjoying a season of political peace and quiet, they set off on foot in the direction of a shop a few doors down from their hotel in a fashionable and popular district.  
 
A lady wearing a length of tape measure around her neck, spectacles, and an attractive spring- green, empire- waisted gown trimmed in pink ribbon greeted them.  Speaking rapidly in French, she seated them comfortably in plush chairs and flitted about energetically, showing them a few ready-made gowns which might fit Georgiana.  The seamstress was plentiful in conversation and put them at ease while clients considered fabrics and fashion designs from the catalog.  “I seem to remember you have been to our shop before, but Madame Beaufort waited upon your needs, n’est ce pas?”  ¹
“Mais oui!” ² Lady Margaret replied with a polite smile and nod as Georgiana contemplated a peach day dress particularly pleasing to her in style and color.  “We come here every year, only in the past, we also brought my other daughter-in-law, Esther.”
“Ah, oui!  Oui!  Madame Beaufort, elle n’est pas ici aujourd’hui, mais je m’appelle Mademoiselle Rogelle.  Comment allez-vous?” ¹
“Bien, et merci beaucoup Mademoiselle Rogelle,” ² Lady Margaret replied.
“She likes this peach one,” the seamstress remarked as she studied Lady Georgiana.  “Aimes-tu cette robe?” ³
“Oui!” ⁴ Georgiana breathed and ran her fingers across the fabric approvingly.
“I have another gown you would like in an olive green silk.  It would complement your skin tone and hair color perfectly!”  Mademoiselle Rogelle retrieved the gown and set the peach one aside carefully and laid the olive green silk in Georgiana’s arms.
“C’est très belle!” ⁵  Lady Margaret approved at once and her daughter-in-law concurred with a smile, twinkling eyes and a nod.
A bell from a church tower outside in the square a few doors beyond the shop interrupted the quiet morning with a peel of rings causing them to stop what they were doing and wait until the majestic bells stopped ringing.  The noise seemed to fill the little dress shop and they covered their ears in surprise when the door opened and another client entered.  Apparently accustomed to the interruption of the bells, unfazed by the noise vibrating even the chairs upon which they sat, the seamstress began speaking nearly as soon as the bells stopped:  
“There must be another wedding this morning.  That explains the bustle of carriages and the number of people out and about today.  You should have been here in March!  One hundred canons fired twenty-two rounds announcing the birth of Napoleon’s son!  It was a remarkable thing—even though I do not embrace this emperor.  Who cannot be but joyeux quand un enfant ¹  is born?”
“Vingt-deux salutes! Vraiment?” ²  Lady Georgiana asked in amazement.
“A balloonist named Sophia I think it was ... flew over Paris ... up high in a large balloon ... dropping leaflets announcing the birth also,” Mademoiselle Roget continued as she held up a yellow gown that did not appeal to them.  They shook their heads no and so she held up a powder blue brocade gown trimmed in mauve.  Georgiana tried to imagine what a large ‘balloon’ up in the sky might look like.  She vaguely recalled an artist’s sketch in a government newspaper circulating Annecy from about that time.  
 “Intéressant!” ¹  Lady Margaret’s eyes displayed intrigue, but something about her look told Georgiana and the dressmaker she was not pleased at all to hear anything more of this Napoleon who had divided the people of France, stripped so many countries of their freedoms, and sent the young men of France off to face the wretched ravages of war.   She added firmly and in a more business-like tone, “We will purchase the peach, the blue brocade and the olive gowns if you will permit Georgiana to try them on for a fitting—and if you will, s’il vous plaît, ² make the necessary adjustments and have them delivered to our hotel demain. ³  We are staying at l’Hotel de la Belle Rue.  We shan’t be in Paris more than deux jours. ” ³
“Mère, trois robes!” ⁴ Georgiana looked dismayed.
“You shall have all three gowns!  And I’d like to purchase another gown for my daughter if you have something a little less formal?”  Lady Margaret was determined to see her daughter-in-law was well prepared for whatever lay ahead of them on England’s shores.  She left Georgiana no opportunity for a rebuttal.
“Mais oui, Madame!” ⁵ Before Georgiana could object, the efficient seamstress caught on quickly to Lady Margaret’s wishes and gathered up the gowns in her arms.  She motioned for Georgiana to step into the curtained and recessed fitting room, still chatting as she did so. “In June, it has been announced the palace will have a grand processionale en route ¹  to the baby’s baptism.”
When they were done with the fittings and choosing a new ready-made gown for Lady Margaret from among the gowns that were available for immediate purchase and one more for Georgiana, they knew they had been quite fortunate to have found any gowns which actually fit them well and needed only minor adjustments.  Gowns sewn in advance were a rare find indeed.  
Mademoiselle Rogelle had discreetly explained that these were gowns sewn for fine Parisian ladies who had not paid for them for one reason or another; sometimes a client did not like the gown when it was complete or a lady might change her mind about a purchase.  Sometimes a dress could not be delivered for reasons of non-payment.  Some ladies are just fickle she had said.  Had they more time in Paris, they would have ordered a few more gowns to be sewn which might have taken weeks to be delivered, but with the blockade they could not order anything from Paris and expect it to be delivered.  They would have to be content to shop when they arrived in Britain.  
A trip to London would be in order at their soonest convenience.  If Georgiana was to attract a husband, she would need a number of gowns for every occasion. There simply wasn’t time for all of what they needed to be purchased in Paris, though it wasn’t that Lady Margaret hadn’t considered having some shipped to Essex.  She had other reasons weighing heavily in the back of her mind besides the blockade.  It seemed everywhere they went; Paris was abuzz with the hum of Napoleon and his actions, both good and bad.
Lady Margaret Colton stepped out of the dress shop and opened her parasol with a clearly disgusted “Humpf!”  She was determined to release the steam from the frustration she’d held in for the duration of the fittings.  
She was feeling intolerable toward the ignorance of the seamstress, but more anger at her own previously apathetic and indifferent actions and thoughts concerning the politics of France.  Her previous apathy had partly stemmed from thinking she was only one person and that she couldn’t make much difference in the outcome of things.  She had been raised to not discuss nor intervene in the conversations of men when it came to politics.  However, as the political climate changed, she too found herself trying to comprehend what was happening and could no longer bury herself in grief from the changes.  In addition to reading les journaux ¹  from time to time, she had been listening to the reports Lady Georgiana brought her and all her husband and sons had said prior to their death.  
It was difficult to celebrate Napoleon when he continued to trample nations around the globe.  Soon it would not be safe to cross the English Channel, walk the streets of Paris, or maybe not even those of London.  Eventually, she hoped the English would defeat the wiles of Bonaparte and his reign and regime would come to an end. 
Viscountess Colton took a deep breath and walked briskly away from the dressmaker’s shop window, her cane tapping the paved stones firmly as she did.  Each tap seemed to release some of the emotion she was feeling.  “We are going to need a great number of gloves, hats and bonnets.  We shall purchase them from my favorite French milliner!  We shall not arrive at the Earl’s home looking destitute—for the Lord is with us.”  
When she was nearly at the milliner’s shop she turned to Lady Georgiana who nearly bumped into her because of the unexpected and abrupt turn Lady Margaret made right there on the narrow and busy sidewalk of the rue.  “Ma chère fille, ¹  enjoy these purchases and this particular day; for we shall henceforth boycott the products of the French, though they be fashionable and stylish.  We shall jamais ² and I do mean never, ever purchase anything from France again until this anti-Christ emperor of France is ousted from power.  I don’t care if his offspring is the most adorable enfant en France.  Napoleon est mal, très mal.  Il est un malade de la monde. ³   Until he is removed from power, we shall not lend our support to his seat.”
Lady Georgiana looked her mother-in-law directly in the eye.  Her mother-in-law’s stand against Napoleon on a quaint rue in France might have seemed a small thing to a stranger, but Georgiana saw it as a step bearing evidence of tremendous healing from the grief that had nearly engulfed them both.  Had she just witnessed another sign of her mother-in-law’s inner strength arising from the God of Abraham she served?  Her mother-in-law might appear strong today giving small commands to the seamstress in the shop, but no one knew better than she just how frail her mother-in-law was; how much she had suffered in health; and how much she depended on her faith in God for strength to see her through dark days.  To see Lady Margaret with her walking stick coming down loudly on the street was an announcement that was far greater than simply supporting her every step.  There was a sparkle and determination in her eyes.  It was progress!  She seemed to have her fight back, the same spark she had often displayed when quibbling with her husband or sons. 
“Oui, ma mère! ¹ Papa Duncan would have been greatly honored by your decision.   I completely and wholeheartedly concur.  We shall lend our voice to stop this tyranny.  We shall make this next purchase count as our farewell.”
“Indeed, we shall,” Lady Colton replied.  “I think I shall buy a very large hat today.  With feathers!  An outrageous amount of ostrich feathers and plumes!  The ladies of England adore hats.  Especially those decorated in plumes, feathers, silk and flowers.” 
Georgiana giggled with delight and was sure she saw another sparkle of health in Lady Margaret’s eyes.  It would be nice to see her without a black veil of mourning.  It was with these thoughts in mind that the Ladies Colton stepped inside a fashionable shop and intrepidly purchased several new bonnets and hats each, several parasols, three pair of slippers each and three pair of gloves each—at the milliner a few doors down la rue. ²  At least they would arrive in England fashionably dressed and be ready for anything.  That was a comforting thought, along with the rejuvenation a day of shopping had done for both of them.  
Lady Georgiana was beginning to feel revived in her spirit and soul.  It had been a long time since she’d felt even remotely interested in shopping for anything, as it had when they had ordered their other dresses before leaving the Alps from a seamstress in Annecy.  It was refreshing indeed to have some new items in their wardrobes and they did so enjoy trying on new, stylish hats and bonnets.  
The milliner had their items packaged and delivered to their hotel.  After an early dinner at a Parisian restaurant within a comfortable walking distance (where they feasted on roast beef, du fromage, ¹ freshly baked bread, applesauce, and another side dish consisting of buttered lima beans, early garden peas, sliced carrots and red onion, seasoned with dill and served in a cream sauce), Lady Georgiana enjoyed trying on her new gloves, slippers and hats again before washing up and unbraiding her long hair.  She brushed it and then began the process of laying out a lavender day dress for the next day on one of the chairs beside the two beds in the comfortable, but modest hotel suite they shared.  
Night had settled on the city and they took turns donning white linen nightgowns and matching ruffled night caps behind the dressing screen for privacy.  They sat at the small, round table covered with a floral tablecloth near the window in the sitting room to drink cups of hot cocoa and share a plate of scones before bed.  Paris seemed aglow with lights in the windows and street lamps.  They had drawn the cream colored drapes back to enjoy the view of the city and Georgiana had managed to open the window to let the fresh air inside.  Lady Margaret had ordered the scones and chocolat chaud ² as a special treat from the clerk at the hotel desk when they had returned from dinner.  The clerk, a pleasant middle-aged man who took turns with his wife running the front desk, compliantly had them delivered to their room.  Tucked into one of the two comfortable beds, she breathed a sigh of relief to be a day closer to their new life in England.  After reading several Psalms, she closed her Bible, blew out the candle and burrowed beneath the coverlet.  Lady Margaret’s steady breathing was all she could hear from the other bed and once or twice, she heard the distant sound of a horse clomp on the street below.  
As she closed her eyes to thank the good Lord for His care of them, she thought how wonderful it was to be able to have a new wardrobe.  She thanked the Lord for several delightful days of shopping in the past month, a luxurious stay at the hotel, and to be able to dine out as they had from time to time in the past when traveling with the Viscount, her father-in-law.  The Earl had been most generous with them and they had been able to raise additional funds for their expenditures on the journey by selling a few more household items in Annecy.  God was being extravagant in His care of them.  After a year of scrimping and not having hardly enough to eat most of the time, she was filled with a heart of thanksgiving.    
The only thing she lamented besides leaving the French countryside and beautiful mountains of the French Alps was the brief bit of fear threatening to cut her breath short when she’d surveyed the trunks which had been brought upstairs to their hotel suite.  It seemed odd to both of them now that most everything they would probably ever see again from their life in France and Lady Margaret’s marriage of nearly twenty-five years, and her own marriage of one year—had been reduced to the memories in their hearts and minds, along with the items inside four or five trunks, three portmanteau and a growing stack of hat boxes.  Somehow they’d managed to fit all of Duncan’s remaining portraits, some of the sculptures and vases from his sons and a few other treasures such as favorite books, dishes and other trinkets into those trunks along with their clothing and personal items.  They’d had to tip the hired coach driver heavily to get him to load and unload all of those trunks and bags with little help.  Her new dresses would arrive demain, ¹  and they would leave France the following day when the Earl’s escort arrived at the hotel.  Dear Lord, help us cross the Channel to England safely. 
When two of the Earl’s footmen arrived at l’Hotel de la Belle Rue, it was explained they might have an opportunity to cross at Calais if Napoleon’s troops had abandoned the area.  If not, they would have to settle in for a few days journey past Calais and further into Belgium because of the blockade.  They would then board a Belgian ship bound for England and cross the Channel from a safe location along the coast or head further north until a safe crossing could be made.  Lady Margaret had snapped open her fan at that point and turned a slight shade of blue, but managed to avoid passing out when Georgiana quickly produced the smelling salts.   





Chapter 5. 
 Wellbrook Hall at Essex County


For thy Maker is thine husband; the Lord of hosts is his name; and thy Redeemer the Holy One of Israel; The God of the whole earth shall he be called.  Isaiah 54:5, Authorized King James Version 

 “Welcome Ladies, welcome to Wellbrook Hall of Bridesgate Park Estate,” the Housekeeper, Martha Briggs, called Briggs, curtsied in respect to her master’s guests.  She stood with a warm, gracious set of capable hands and outstretched arms as she accepted their cloaks and hats.  She bade them inside the Georgian mansion as they stepped off the grand front steps and four-columned portico, entering the foyer of the Earl’s country manor in Essex.  In charge of purchasing supplies, paying vendors, menu planning, cleaning schedules, daily duties, and the comings and goings of the female staff in the employ of her Master, she wore a ring of keys to every room in the mansion.  
She donned a dignified long, solid black, typical housekeeper’s dress with few frills or adornments to her uniform, signifying her business oriented nature.  She was well in command of her duties and as such, only lower in rank and command to the butler, who oversaw all of the household staff, footmen, stable hands, groomsmen and groundskeepers.  A reliable estate manager handled relations with tenants and everything to do with making the estate profitable was not currently present, but mentioned briefly during introductions which soon followed.     
Lady Margaret considered the housekeeper momentarily.  There was little doubt in her mind that the housekeeper’s wardrobe was equipped with at least five similar black dresses, each with simple but elegant trim, perhaps slightly different than the one Briggs might have worn the day before.  The dress uniform the housekeeper wore today had two pearl buttons at the side of her high neck collar of dark black lace and one pearl button at each wrist.  Unlike the parlor maids, ladies’ maid, the cook and the scullery maid, she wore no crisply starched, white work apron for most of her duties and no cap on her neatly arranged hair which was pulled into an attractive and neat knot just above her collar.   
Briggs, with a friendly smile and kind eyes they could now focus on, continued speaking while three footmen created as little commotion as possible as they carried and stacked trunks, hat boxes, satchels and packages in the foyer near the staircase.  She held out an extended arm to guide the ladies toward the line of household servants waiting to greet them.  “The Earl has been delayed, but he sent a courier with a note expressing his deepest apologies.  He is expected to arrive later today for the evening meal, ma’am, and has asked me to attend to your every request as if I were attending the Master of the house himself.  Here is the letter he sent and if I may introduce you to some of our staff, I will be happy to personally show you to your rooms, m’lady.  I’m certain you may want to rest from your journey and settle into your rooms as soon as possible.”  
Upon seeing the dignified manner in which they were welcomed to the Earl’s country estate in Essex, Lady Margaret Elaine Colton was most relieved and a little breath of relief escaped her lips, partly from being glad to have finished their long journey across land and sea, and partly from having finished climbing the steps leading up to the portico after having fallen into a rather bumpy sleep in the coach.  Every bone and muscle in her body seemed to ache for rest from the jostling they’d endured.  “Yes, thank you.  It was very kind of the Earl to send an escort and we are most happy to be out of the coach and to have survived our journey.  It is a dangerous time to be crossing France.  We are so thankful to have arrived and to be on British soil.”  
She accepted the note offered her on the little silver tray held out by the butler who had opened the double front doors for them.  She opened her reticule and dropped it safely inside to read in privacy later.  As they neared the line of household servants standing attentively along the length of the foyer, she drew Lady Georgiana closer to her side and clasped her arms gently around her daughter-in-laws elbow and said firmly to all present, “Thank you for your most kind welcome, all of you.  We are both Lady Colton so, please, to prevent confusion, from this day forthwith you may address me as Lady Colton or Lady Margaret, and my daughter, as Lady Georgiana.  We hope to cause you little inconvenience and are delighted to meet you.”  
Georgiana observed a few of the servants smile warmly or nod and bob in response to Lady Margaret’s fine greeting.  
“‘Tis a fine day when our Master’s guests and cherished family bestow graciousness upon us,” Briggs replied, her face lighting up with pleasure to be the recipient of the fine manners and kindness of the Viscountess.  True ladies, in her opinion, always found a way to show genuine kindness in all or almost everything they did and said.  Lady Georgiana smiled warmly and followed Lady Margaret’s lead in her own actions.  Lady Margaret appreciated the reference to being counted among the Earl’s “cherished family,” but how they were actually treated whilst there remained to be seen. 
“You’ll meet the children at suppertime.”  Briggs explained, “They are having their arithmetic and violin lessons at present.” 
After numerous introductions by name of each of the servants standing in the long line in the foyer and the usual formalities of all great country houses upon the arrival of guests, they would be hard put to remember after such a journey as theirs, they were ushered past a set of double doors on each side of the grand staircase in the center of the foyer and Briggs led the ladies up the steps to the second floor.  A ladies’ maid followed along with a number of footmen carrying trunks and baggage from a safe distance behind and another maid with their cloaks and bonnets.  The ladies, though new to Wellbrook Hall, tried not to stare at their lavish surroundings overly much, as it was not proper to do so.  It was not as if they had not been entertained or welcomed into fine houses and even castles before, and often into the homes of heads of state and many important families throughout Europe, on such occasions as warranted, owing to or because of Viscount Duncan Colton’s prestige as an artist.  
Lady Margaret was a veritable fortress of unusual and interesting tales from the various travels in which she had accompanied her husband on many of his commissions to paint portraits of noble families.  On this occasion, as they were coming out of such desperate and humbling circumstances, they each tried to remember to act accustomed to their surroundings though their husbands had eventually chosen to live in a less formal setting, charming and elegant nonetheless in its’ own way; and though the past year had been a most trying one to them.  Hopefully hard times would soon be behind them both for good.
They were led down the long hall to the left of the top of the staircase and as they arrived at the last two doors on the right side of the hall, Briggs turned and explained, “The Earl thought you would be most suited to these rooms facing the gardens.  These rooms each have their own sitting rooms.  Lady Margaret, if I may show you the two rooms and you may select which room you should like best.  If these rooms are to your satisfaction, Lady Georgiana may have the other so you will be close to each other.  The Earl thought you might find this arrangement to your liking.  He specifically instructed me to inform you that his family also sleeps on this floor and that you are both welcomed to dine with the family at all meals unless you are ill, in which case, of course, I will be happy to arrange for a tray to be sent up.”
“What time is breakfast?”  Lady Margaret inquired.
“Eight o’clock, dinner or light luncheon at noon, tea at three o’clock, supper is usually served at seven,” Briggs replied.
“I prefer a tray at breakfast,” Lady Margaret responded, “If it is no trouble, at about nine o’clock.”
“No trouble, ma’am,” Briggs replied with a respectful nod.  She turned to Lady Georgiana with one eyebrow raised.
“Uh, I will generally be eating with the family,” Georgiana replied to the raised eyebrow.
“Excellent,” Briggs said as she found the right key and slid it into one of the doorknobs.
Margaret was starting to beam with joy and relief at all of this news meant to set her at ease from the start.  The Earl had obviously considered every aspect of their needs and concerns.  He had carefully instructed his housekeeper on how he desired his relations to be treated.  Briggs had unlocked the first of the two doors and led them into a suite of rooms with gold carpet decorated entirely in shades of violet, lavender and dark purple piping and trim.  They swept in past the sitting room to survey the bedroom first and be able to yet view the sitting room.  
The coverlet on the double bed, the skirting and drapes around the bedposts and the drapes on the windows as well as the sofa, chairs and chaise lounge, were all in one shade or another of these violet and purple colors.  Some were in floral, some items covered with fabrics in various prints, some in coordinating plaids, some in solids—but all in lovely shades of purples and lavender.  It was a lovely country estate bedroom, befitting a princess.  
The mahogany furniture added richness to the suite.  A lovely dressing table with three, large, gilt-framed mirrors and a violet silk cushioned bench was a delightful addition to the room.  A hip bath behind a dressing screen near the fireplace was a welcome sight with steaming hot water.  Lady Georgiana began removing her gloves, one finger at a time.  She could hardly wait to indulge in a bath.  Every muscle in her body ached from the jostling of the coach.
The sitting room in the front of the suite was also equipped with a fireplace, lovely pictures, a writing desk and chair, the sofa, chairs, end tables and a small tea table with four small chairs.  A large gilt-framed mirror and several portraits made the room seem larger and more spacious.  Numerous pillows in all shapes and sizes along with extra quilts adorned the bedroom on two mahogany quilt racks.  A large recessed window seat made the bedroom attractive with a cushion and more pillows all around for added comfort and warmth.  Another fireplace, a tall wardrobe for gowns, a bureau and mirror with numerous drawers, two mahogany night stands with oil lamps on each side of the grand, four-poster bed and a chaise lounge adorned the bedroom.
“I think this room should be yours Georgiana, but let’s take a look at the other, shall we?”  Lady Margaret said in a reserved but pleased tone.  
“Yes, this room is very lovely,” Georgiana agreed as she peered out the window seat to a view of the gardens below.  She was in fact delighted with the window seat and had always secretly longed for one.
Briggs led the way to the room next door, unlocking the door while the footmen brought another trunk up the staircase and the maids waited in the hall for further instructions.  The ladies swept in, anxious to see what awaited them.  The color scheme was done in peach and cream with hints of cheerful pinks and yellows for trim.  It was a lovely set of rooms but being a corner room of the estate, with more windows than the previous suite.  The sitting room had a set of French doors leading out onto a private balcony.  The bedroom had two long windows on either side of the fireplace and a recessed window seat on the far wall.  Both rooms were equipped with furniture much the same as the violet suite.  Everything was very cheerful in the peach colors and Georgiana was immediately of the opinion that this suite was perfect for her mother-in-law.  In some way, she suspected the color scheme would help her mother forget the heavy weight of losses from days that would soon be only faded and distant memories of the past, even more so than they were now.  “I think this suite should be yours, ma mère! ¹   Look at these vivacious colors!  How very cheerful!  One couldn’t shed a tear in these happy rooms, but especially in these colors.”            
“If you are pleased with it to be this way then,” Lady Margaret said hesitantly.  She had always longed for a peach room and she ran her fingers along the drapes and silks hanging around the four poster bed.  How she loved this room ...
“I am!”  Lady Georgiana said resolutely, turning to Briggs to make their decision clear and showing that she was to some degree in charge of seeing to her mother-in-law’s happiness and preferences before her own.  “If you would please have my dear mother’s belongings brought to this room and mine, to the violet, we would be most delighted.”
Briggs nodded and immediately went to give directions to the footmen waiting patiently and breathlessly in the hall after they’d finished bringing all baggage and trunks up the staircase and down the long hall.  She was glad they hadn’t taken long to decide which rooms they desired to occupy; she had a great many things to do today, starting with reminding the staff of the below stairs meeting with Bradley at the helm of the servants’ dinner table only a week ago.  He had instructed the staff to do as the Earl had commanded and to treat these relations with the utmost of respect and kindness.  The staff  needed to remember that even though they were taking on the role of governess and chaperone/companion, the Ladies Colton were distant family and as such, to be treated with the same respect as the rest of the Master’s family.
“Shall I send up two trays for tea or one?” Briggs asked efficiently when she returned.
“Deux ... uh ... pardon moi ... two, if it’s no trouble,” Lady Margaret said as she untied her straw bonnet and the large bow set to the side of her chin.  It was good to be in England again ... so very good ... if only she could remember to speak more English than French. Thank you Lord Jesus for bringing us to this lovely new place we can call home.  She peered out the window beside the fireplace in her peach room.  Would she ever get used to not seeing the mountains?  Everything seemed so flat.  Rolling, pleasant, lush, green, but nonetheless, quite flat.  She removed her summer traveling shawl and yawned ever so slightly as she stepped up the footstool to reach the bed and sat down on the coverlet to see if it was comfortable.  “I think I shall fall asleep before it even arrives, but it would be nice to have it here upon waking.”
“Yes ma’am, my Lady,” Briggs smiled.  “Two trays of tea shall be sent up at once.  Supper is served at seven, in the dining room at the foot of the stairs, to the left of the foyer if you are coming down the staircase from this direction.  If you need anything, just pull this bell.”
Lady Georgiana nodded at Briggs and they exchanged a smile, for Lady Margaret was already asleep, and softly, snoring. 
“She is going to sleep so well,” Lady Georgiana whispered.
Briggs nodded, her head to one side as she surveyed the weary traveler.  Who could not help but be endeared to these pleasant ladies?   In her own whisper as they tiptoed out of Lady Margaret’s room and waited for the maids and footmen to finish putting the trunks and cloaks where Georgiana had directed, Briggs added warmly, “I’ll just show you where the bell pull is in your room and then I’ll be out of your way.  I’m certain you must both be exhausted.”                


Chapter 6.  
The Earl


Ruth 2: 1-3, Authorized King James Version
And Naomi had a kinsman of her husband’s, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of Elimelech; and his name was Boaz. And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi, Let me now go to the field, and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace. And she said unto her, Go, my daughter. And she went, and came, and gleaned in the field after the reapers: and her hap was to light on a part of the field belonging unto Boaz, who was of the kindred of Elimelech. 

Georgiana felt much better after a hot bath, a cup of chamomile tea and a long afternoon nap.  For the first time in months, she’d actually slept well and undisturbed.  She awoke refreshed and the dark circles under her eyes were diminished.  Her eyes were sparkling with excitement and renewed hope.  She was anxious to meet her three charges and the Earl, explore the mansion and perhaps have time for a stroll in the garden with her mother-in-law.  She also hoped to find a book to read if she could locate the library.  Surveying the dresses the ladies’ maid had hung in the wardrobe, she selected an evening gown she hoped would be appropriate for dinner:  a white muslin gown with a blue silk sash at the empire waist.  
She dressed quickly and twisted her hair into a loose bun.  Pleased she was able to work her hair into a lovely chignon, she secured it with sapphire and diamond combs and pins at the base of her neck which had been a gift from Benjamin.  She had offered to sell them to contribute to their survival in the Alps, but Lady Margaret would hear none of it.  She had stared at the combs, remembering their first Christmas together and how surprised she had been to find them so lovingly wrapped in a lovely cedar box placed in her hands that long ago holiday morning.  Oh Benjamin!  How my heart misses you ...  One of her fingers ran the length of the ceramic tray her comb and brush sat on, a wedding gift from her beloved.  She drew her breath in sharply and closed her eyes as if it would lock her memories into her heart in a safe place.  She opened them again and tried to focus on the task at hand of readying herself to meet the Earl and his children.  She pinched her cheeks for a little rosy color and slipped into her blue silk slippers while she applied a French, glossy cosmetic to her lips that she knew English women knew little of.  
She added two dangling pearl drop earrings to complete her look and applied the scent of a jasmine perfume to her wrists, neck and hair with her fingertips.  She prayed her French accent would not bother the Earl or his children too much and promised herself she would try not to speak in half French and half English among her own people, even though she had not lived in her country of origin for more than a decade, though she had made two visits to the country.  She was glad she had been careful of her only bottle of perfume and hoped they might find time to go into the village soon and perhaps purchase something.  There was precious little left in the lovely glass bottle she had used sparingly since her husband’s passing.
Where might the library be located she wondered?  There might not be time to see the gardens before dinner if she postponed her walk, so she thought the better of it.  She decided instead it would be best to check on Lady Margaret before finding the library and slipped out into the hall to knock on the door beside hers.
The ladies’ maid, Molly Cuddleton, Georgiana remembered, answered the door and beckoned her inside.  “Come in m’lady,” Molly said with a curtsy.  To Georgiana’s relief, Lady Margaret was dressed and Molly was finishing her hair.  She strategically placed a few more pins with pearl tips to hold the braided coil in place and secured the base of the front and back of the coil with several pearl edged combs.
“Thank you Molly,” Lady Margaret said pleasantly as she admired Molly’s work.  “I can’t wait to see all of the beautiful hairstyles you can create.”
“Ye are most welcome, ma’am,” Molly said in a Welsh accent, grinning shyly as she turned to lay a nightgown out on the bed for Lady Margaret.  “I was just comin’ to see to yer hair Lady Georgiana, but I see ye have a fine chignon.  I promise to try to attend both of ye more efficiently in the future so ye won’t have tuh wait so long ... ”
Molly looked apprehensively from Lady Margaret to Lady Georgiana.  “Have no fear,” Lady Georgiana said at once to set the maid at ease.  “We aren’t terribly fussy and I don’t mind doing my own hair from time to time.”
The maid looked relieved.  She surely didn’t want the Earl to be upset with her efficiency.  She wasn’t sure how she was going to manage doing hair for both of the Earl’s daughters and the Coltons.  She would have to start much earlier in the mornings and evenings.  She curtsied again to Lady Georgiana and hoped she would soon prove her capabilities to both of the ladies before her.  She busied herself flitting about the open wardrobe and fussing with the garments hanging neatly inside. 
“I thought you might like to take a quick stroll through the garden before dinner,” Georgiana said to her mother-in-law.  “We’ve been cooped up in that coach for too long!”
“Indeed!  I would be delighted!  I just need to find my shawl.”  Lady Margaret stood up, grasping her cane, and to her amazement, Molly Cuddleton was holding the perfect gray linen and white silk trimmed shawl to match her cobalt blue silk dinner gown.  The cobalt blue dress shimmered in the evening light with her every move, making it a fine choice for her first dinner with the Earl.  It featured a scoop neckline edged in white lace and an empire waist, flattering to any figure.  The short puffy sleeves edged in long ruffled white lace at just elbow length made the dress perfect for summer weather conditions.   “Yes, this shawl would have been my choice!  It goes so well with this gown.  However did you know which one I would have chosen?  What a clever and helpful girl you are!”
“Well, ‘tis a suitable match for yer dress, m’lady.  The gray subdues and tones down the cobalt blue jus’ the right amount, if’n ye ask me,” the maid replied with a sweet little laugh.  Lady Georgiana and Lady Margaret were soon chuckling in amazement at the clever girl.
“I see you must keep up with the latest in fashions.  You are amazing Molly!  I haven’t been attended to this well in ages.”  Lady Margaret accepted the shawl as she bestowed a pleased smile upon the helpful girl.  They made their way out to the hall, leaving Molly feeling happy to have served the guests of the Earl in an efficient manner.  They went down the staircase unnoticed in their slippered feet and followed the foyer through the center hall of the house leading to the rear garden.  This led to a set of French doors like those in the upstairs bedroom.  The doors opened onto a stone porch highlighting a path to the garden with two sculptured angels flanking the brick walkway.
“It’s like walking into the Garden of Eden,” Georgiana whispered as they linked arms to help each other meander through the inviting garden.
This made Lady Margaret laugh to think of it.  She was already in fine humor because of the increased comfort level of their surroundings.  She also had slept better than she had in months.  Her hands trembled this evening from excitement and happiness rather than feelings of fear and sorrow.  “It’s wonderful here, ma petite fille, n’est ce pas?” ¹
“C’est belle et magnifique! ²  The Lord hath shown us mercy to bring us safely here among this household.  I feel such great peace and exuberant joy returning to my soul!”  Georgiana knew of no other way to describe what she was feeling than in part French and part English.  She felt alive again somehow ...  everything Lady Margaret had told her of Jesus really was true.  Though she sometimes fought through doubts, He seemed to be proving Himself to her again and again.
“I’m so glad you are happy to be here,” Lady Margaret replied, a look of peace and contentment settling on her face as they strolled slowly, taking plenty of time to admire the many roses in the Earl’s collection.
Lady Georgiana looked at the lovely sunset in the distance.  “The truth is, all of this is very nice, very sweet; but I would be happy near you, ma mère, ³ wherever you wanted to be.  I would have stayed in France with you at Lake Annecy if you so desired.  It might have taken us a little longer to heal, but I would have stayed if you had chosen to stay, even though it was a little hard and there were fewer comforts and conveniences, shall we say?  I am not going to abandon you in your hour of need.  You have shown me the God of Abraham and how He sent His precious Son to us.  I shall follow Him with you.  He shall be my God because He has been yours and I see how He is with us even in the times of trouble.  Apparently, He has not forgotten us.  Our situation is considerably improved.”
“He certainly has not forgotten us,” came the reply of a confident Lady Margaret.  She was confident in her God.  The God of Israel had never let her down before and she was feeling a display of His great love now more than ever.

The Earl’s coach, pulled by four of his best horses, came to a halt in front of Wellbrook Hall.  A footman opened the door and pulled out the steps for his Master.  
Once inside, the butler took his hat and walking stick at the door.  “Welcome home, my Lord.”  
 “Good evening Bradley.  Where is everyone?  I’m used to being attacked by three monsters at the door.”  The Earl raked a hand through his dark hair and looked relieved to be able to catch his breath before the children caught him.  Though a little disheveled, he was well in command of his thoughts as he sifted through a tray of missives and envelopes, comfortable in the hall of his own estate in spite of a distracted and apprehensive look on his face.
“I think Molly took the children upstairs just a few moments ago,” Bradley replied as he placed his master’s hat and walking stick in their place by the door behind the recessed curtain to the cloak room. 
“Very good.  Are our guests installed comfortably into their rooms?”  The Earl inquired immediately after the well-being of his guests and distant relations without taking his eyes off of one of the notes in his hand, still holding his portfolio under one arm.  He was anxious to meet his relations and hoped his attire would be suitable for dinner and that his delay hadn’t caused any mishaps.  He had no time to change, but perhaps a moment in the study for quiet reflection.
“I believe they are rested and now exploring the garden to the rear of the house,” Bradley answered.
“Ah, yes, thank you,” Lord Edwards said approvingly.  “A fine place to become acquainted with Wellbrook Hall.  Have they toured the conservatory yet?”  
“I agree, my Lord, ‘tis a fine place to discover all that Wellbrook Hall offers, and no, I don’t believe they have yet had the pleasure of the conservatory,”  the butler said proudly as they peered down the Hall toward the French doors as if their guests might come bursting in at any moment.  “I believe everyone else is dressing for dinner at this time.  I was asked by Mrs. Foster to inform you the meal will be served promptly at seven, the usual time.”
“Thank you, I will be in the library at my desk if anyone needs me.  I would appreciate a few undisturbed moments to look through today’s letters.”  The Earl looked most relieved for the update that all things seemed in order.  He bounded up the staircase taking two steps at a time and headed for the library, which also had a fine view of the garden.
He managed to make his way into the library without being noticed and allowed his portfolio to land upon his desk, strewn with a number of papers and letters demanding his attention.  He added today’s new letters to the growing stack.  He decided he would attend to those matters another day or perhaps later in the evening after dinner.  It had been a difficult day already and he was of a mind to enjoy the evening ahead in order to be refreshed for the morrow.  Turning away from the papers on his desk, he strolled quickly to the row of windows along the far wall and the French doors leading out to the balcony above the rear portico.  He didn’t want to appear to be staring at his guests, but he was curious as to how they looked.  It had been years since he’d seen the mother of his distant cousins.
And he was curious on another matter.  How would this Lady Georgiana fit into his family?  Was she going to be a satisfactory governess for his children?  Where were his children at this hour anyhow?  He was seldom able to slip into his library unnoticed.  Perhaps they were taking a little extra time to dress more carefully in preparation for meeting the new governess.  
When he glanced out the window for a glimpse of his guests, he could hardly believe his eyes.  His mouth dropped open.  There, in the middle of his garden, was about as lovely an angel as he’d ever laid eyes on.  A beautiful dark haired young woman in a white gown strolled alongside the mother of his distant and now, sadly deceased, cousins.  She seemed to be smiling and laughing with her mother-in-law and tenderly listening to everything Lady Colton had to say.  Her skin and hair seemed to glimmer in the rays of the sunset.  A few of her thick, wavy curls had fallen loose from her chignon.  My, was she a beauty!  Perhaps far too beautiful to be a governess... wasn’t it some unspoken rule that governesses weren’t supposed to be beautiful?  Well, indeed, if there was such a hard and fast rule, he had broken it unknowingly.
Lady Juliana might feel threatened that such a beautiful governess now lived under his roof.  He shook Juliana from his mind.  He would have to deal with her reactions later.  He’d had no way of knowing and if he had, it wouldn’t have changed his actions to invite the Coltons to Bridesgate Park.  
As he contemplated the way in which Lady Juliana might react to the presence of his new governess, he couldn’t seem to remove his eyes from the window.  For what seemed like eternity but was merely a few minutes, he silently observed this lovely creature explore his garden with her mother-in-law.  Everything delighted her!  She looked at the petals of nearly every rose twice it seemed.  She admired the colors and took in the scents of everything.  She seemed to be as delicate as the flowers she surveyed.  Apparently she loved the hydrangea and couldn’t pull herself away from those easily.  “Look at these, ma mère!  C’est très belle ici dans le jardin ¹ ... look at these roses. Aren’t they lovely? ”
She was speaking in French and seemed to have full command of the language.  Selina, his eldest, who struggled so with her French lessons would benefit greatly from this governess and her comfortable and easy way with the words.  Why, yes, he was sure she was speaking in French.  He could distantly hear her speaking through the glass he was looking out of from the second floor of Wellbrook Hall.  She spoke in a sweet voice with a look on her face that clearly said she was enamored with all that surrounded her.  She had a lovely accent, and yet spoke perfect English.  Well, she was English born and titled, nonetheless.  He could not fault her for speaking such beautiful French and having such a lovely accent.  Somehow, it made her seem more beautiful.
Now they were exploring the rhododendron, lilies, bachelor buttons, asters, sweet pea and foxglove.   She seemed drawn to all of his favorites, he noticed.  Eventually, she led her mother to an iron scrolled bench with a view of the pond in the middle of the garden.  She made sure her mother was situated comfortably first and then she sat next to her.   From the bench they admired the sculpture of Mary holding the baby Jesus.  The Earl realized they probably felt comfortable there as so many of the French were Catholics and the sculpture was a fine representation of the Catholic faith, even though he wasn’t Catholic and he knew they weren’t either.  It was simply the beauty of the sculpture, the pond and the message of faith they admired, a reminder of perhaps a similar scene they’d probably seen a number of times near their home in France.
He wondered about the French chateau and what kind of a peaceful life they must have lived in the countryside around Lac d’Annecy.  The Viscount, Lord Colton, had described it once to him in a letter and later, Margaret, Lady Colton, as well.  In fact, he thought one of his cousins might have also.  Had it been a letter from Benjamin or Samuel perhaps?  His hands clasped behind his back as he thought of the loss of his cousins tightened in anger.  Flashes of memories with them passed through his mind.  It must have been painful for the Ladies Colton to leave the chateau and to have suffered so much loss.  Lady Margaret was using a cane now, he noticed.  She seemed years older than when he’d last seen her.
He shook himself away from the window and his curious thoughts about his relations and back to the reality at hand.  It had been a long day of tending to various matters concerning the acquisition of a new property, a very long meeting with the overseer and then attending another meeting with two tenants to resolve a squabble.  Satisfied he’d done all he could to properly handle business matters for the day, he turned his attention toward the evening, glad another day had passed with relatively normal agricultural matters to consume his time.  Things could be far worse.  He was in fact, thankful the Almighty had seen fit to grant him with such a good and prosperous estate, a good station in life and three healthy children.  It was nearly time for dinner.  He must greet his guests, gather his children ... and maybe at least choose a different cravat and dinner jacket.

 “Good evening Ladies Colton,” the butler said as his head bowed slightly, appearing before them in the garden.  “The Earl has returned and instructed me to invite you to meet with him in the first floor sitting room at your soonest convenience.  I believe the children will also be joining you there for introductions prior to dinner.”  Bradley waited for a response.
“Thank you!  We are indeed looking forward to meeting the children and seeing the Earl again!  It’s been so many years.  Thank you, uh, it is Bradley, am I correct?”  Lady Margaret inquired while fanning herself from her perch on the bench beside her daughter-in-law.
“Yes, ma’am, Bradley is correct,” he answered, delighted Lady Margaret remembered his name.  “Is there anything I can assist you with then before I tend to other matters?”
“Yes, if you would be so kind as to tell the Earl on our behalf that we are most delighted to accept his invitation and shall join him directly, we would be most appreciative, Bradley.”  Lady Margaret’s eyes hadn’t sparkled so radiantly since the passing of her husband.  
Lady Georgiana observed her mother-in-law was once again in her element to display her fine etiquette and the gracious manners with which she had been born and bred to use within the confines of polite society, even if for the butler.  The peerage had never really mattered to Lady Margaret.  She sat back with a slightly amused look upon her face, content to watch the exchange between them.  
Bradley seemed pleased and was in truth, secretly relieved he was in the presence of gracious guests who would be a pleasure to serve.  He was thinking how nice it had been that he had been able to genuinely respond to the Earl’s guests and new members of the household before he left the Ladies Colton in the garden to accomplish the mission before him.  Though they would be considered chaperone and governess, the Earl had given strict instructions they were not to be treated as the hired help.  He was distinctly aware that these ladies were relations of the Earl, even if they were in some sort of predicament of dire straits.  The children needed a governess after all and extra chaperones could not possibly hurt.  In fact, from everything he had observed, these were gracious guests.  None of it was any of his business in any case but somehow, they made him feel respected, appreciated and needed.  It wasn’t every guest of the Earl’s which accomplished the same.  “I would be happy to convey your message, my Lady.”  His head bowed from the neck and at her smile of approval, he turned to make his way back through the garden.
“Where is my ... ?”  Lady Margaret folded her fan and it dropped to hang from the thin braided strap at her wrist as she looked around absently before standing up from her seat as the butler returned to the house.
“Voici, ma mère,” ¹ Georgiana placed Lady Margaret’s walking cane in her hand, thankful they had remembered to bring it along to the garden.  The journey had indeed made her mother-in-law a little weak.  A few more weeks of excellent rest, regular and hearty meals and the peace of mind their new environment offered would soon have her as good as new.
“Oh thank you, dear.  What would I do without you?”  Lady Margaret grasped the cane and pushing down on it with all her might, she stood up to her feet.
“You’re probably a bit weak from the journey.  We’ll take it slow,” Lady Georgiana replied as they set off in the direction of the French doors leading back inside the manor.  
Soon they were comfortably seated before the Earl in the sitting room.  It was a great relief for all of them to finally meet.  For Lady Margaret, it was bittersweet to meet once again the cousin and sometimes childhood playmate of her sons.  For Lady Georgiana, it was altogether interesting to behold a handsome man with kind eyes.  He looked to be a strong man with a broad chest and above average stature, a gentleman in his early thirties she surmised, with a commanding and confident presence.  She couldn’t help but notice he was a man of impeccable taste in dress as well.  His clothes were tailored to fit perfectly, complementing the simple but elegant furnishings of his gracious manners and home.  There was a trace of arrogance in his mannerisms, but somehow, he seemed the more handsome because of it.
For the Earl, it was refreshing to meet a familiar face from days gone by in Lady Colton, whose outstretched arms made him feel as though he was embracing his own mother.  At the same time, he found it altogether exciting to meet the sweet angel face he’d beheld in the garden from the library windows, the younger Lady Colton.  He could not help but linger ever so slightly as his lips brushed her extended hand.  An English rose with a French accent ...
He was almost flustered trying to remember everything he could in his mind concerning the proper etiquette for greeting a governess.  He was fairly certain he should not have bowed to kiss her hand but for a woman of her beauty and station in life, though devoid of personal fortune to his knowledge, anything less would have seemed somehow completely wrong.  She was after all, the daughter of a former ambassador of England.  He knew this much from his correspondence with the Coltons over the years.
“Georgiana, I would like you to meet  the Earl of Bridesgate, Lord Nathaniel Brook Edwards, the Third,” Lady Margaret said when they entered the sitting room as he stood up taller and met Lady Georgiana’s eyes, still holding her outstretched hand.  He realized his error and let it go.  To his relief, Lady Georgiana let nothing pass in her eyes or features that said she was offended.  Fortunately, she remembered she should curtsey and did so, as did her mother-in-law.  Then they had been able to sit down, but the Earl had seemed a little restless. 
“Welcome to Bridesgate,” he said, recovering quickly.  “Our families are old friends and we have deeply intertwined roots.”  As he spoke he took a few steps towards the fireplace and leaned there to observe the newest members of his household from a safe distance.  He tried to appear composed, but his pulse seemed more rapid than usual.  He hadn’t recalled a time when he’d been so nervous meeting a woman before.  There was something distinctly different about this governess.  He could hear his voice but he wasn’t really sure if what he said made any sense.  “Call me Nathan.  I seem to remember your mother-in-law tiptoeing around a vast army of toy soldiers her sons and I left scattered around the halls on a number of occasions.” 
“Oh yes, and those toy ships to navigate on the staircase ... ”  Lady Margaret laughed from her place on the small sofa beside her daughter-in-law, recalling the joys of days gone by.  She didn’t have to think too hard to remember her sons playing many childhood games with the Earl when they were young boys.  
“Tents in the drawing room ... ” he added, chuckling now a little and beginning to relax in their presence.  “How ever did we get away with that?”
“How could I forget?”  Lady Margaret clutched more tightly the miniature Bible in the pocket lost in the folds of her dress.  She yearned for those days again to look in the eyes of her sons and hold them close and tell them how much she loved them.  Had she chastised them too much in their short lives?  Her hands trembled. 
“I’m looking forward to having you both here and settled comfortably.  Since Napoleon’s acquisition of Holland and Austria, it seems further war inevitable.  Lord Colton and his sons would be pleased to know you are on British soil now.”  
The Ladies Colton nodded.  Before either could answer, he remembered his manners and immediately prevented the conversation from turning to politics and war by changing the subject effectively.  “Are your rooms to your liking?”
“They are absolutely lovely, Nathan,” Lady Margaret answered, grasping the handle of her cane and twirling it on the floor unobtrusively, “Beautifully decorated and very comfortable.  I could not be any more pleased.”
“Oh yes,” Georgiana contributed, “Truly beautiful!  We are glad to be out of the coach and well rested.”  She couldn’t imagine herself addressing this benefactor as Nathan.  She’d only just met him and it seemed completely inappropriate, though natural to her mother.  She tried to keep her hands clasped on her knee but she felt a little unnerved.  First of all, he was her new employer.  Secondly, he had that rakish dark hair and such a charming smile, she was floored.  Was he smiling and staring at her?  He seemed to be studying her every move.  Was she blushing beneath his scrutiny?  How should she address him?  Lord Edwards, perhaps, or simply, my Lord?  She tried to remember everything she knew of English etiquette when addressing those of the peerage.  Though he was inviting her to address him as Nathan, she didn’t want him to keep granting her so many favors.  He had already done so much for them by transporting them safely out of France and now, absorbing them into his household.
“Excellent.  If you need anything at all, simply let Briggs or Bradley know.  They are most efficient and superbly loyal.”  He continued, taking the conversation a different direction, his nerves finally settling down.  “Lady Georgiana, why don’t we meet tomorrow morning after breakfast in the library and discuss your duties after you’ve had a good night’s rest?”
“Certainly, my Lord,” she agreed.
“Good, then that is settled.  You should be properly introduced to the children shortly,” he said, glancing at the clock on the mantle.  “I’d like you both to know more than I might tell an ordinary guest since you’ll be permanent members of our household.  You should know Selina hurts the most and holds everything in.  She remembers her mother the most.  Edmund, he is still angry sometimes about the loss of his mother and isn’t sure what to do with what he’s feeling.  He can be a handful.  Madalene, well she has no memory of her mother and for her, that is what hurts the most.”  
Lady Margaret nodded with compassion and let out a sigh of understanding.  
“It must be very hard,” Georgiana said softly.
He nodded and took a seat in the armchair beside the fireplace.  “For the most part, they’ve gotten on quite well, but they do need help in a few areas.  We’re making progress, but it’s slow.”
The double doors to the sitting room were opened by Bradley and the Earl’s children entered, bringing their conversation about them to an abrupt end.  Madalene entered a little sheepishly at first, the youngest leading the elder.  She broke from her small ladylike steps into a little skip to her father’s side, smiling broadly from beneath a head of golden curls.  “There you are Papa!  I’ve been looking everywhere for you!  We didn’t get to see you at breakfast today.”  Her lower lip protruded into a slight pout. 
She skipped ahead of the other two and quickly found a place to stand beside her father’s chair and clasped her small hand in his larger one.  
Edmund and Selina followed with a more reserved look as they fell into place beside their sister.  Edmund, the tallest, looked obstinate, proud, somewhat mischievous and endearing all at the same time; his head tilted a certain way and more golden wavy locks like those of his younger sister framed his head.  Edmund did manage to nod politely in their direction.
Selina, the eldest, coolly and calmly observed the Ladies Colton from where she stood behind her father, brother and sister, her chin tilted up and to one side.  Her eyes looked hard and a bit cold.  She had a reserved and proud manner causing Georgiana to wonder if it was because she was well bred or because she was putting on childish airs by acting aloof.  She had dark hair like her father and it was parted in the middle, combed smooth into a knot above the nape of her neck with three spiral curls dangling about each side of her head.  Georgiana remembered what the Earl had said about how she was holding in her hurts and decided to do all she could to be kind to this eldest one, especially. 
“Well, here they are!” the Earl announced cheerfully.  “Allow me to introduce you to Lady Madalene, Lord Edmund and Lady Selina.  Children, Lady Georgiana Colton will be your new governess.  Lady Margaret Colton will be acting as a chaperone and companion when needed, and Lady Georgiana will act as a chaperone and companion when needed as well.  I expect you to welcome them and make them feel at home in every possible way, at all times.”
The girls curtsied and Edmund’s head bobbed a nod of acknowledgement.  “We’re very pleased to meet you,” Madalene, the youngest, said sweetly on behalf of the three.
“And we are very pleased to meet you,” Lady Georgiana replied with her warmest smile.  The older two muttered something polite but barely audible while looking at their feet.  Madalene smiled back trying not to appear too eager with her smile.  Georgiana’s heart went out to them at once.  
Lady Margaret added, “I’m certain we shall have many enjoyable days together.  You may address Georgiana as Lady Georgiana and myself as Lady Margaret, for if you call either of us Lady Colton, we shall both answer at the same time.”
“Father, it is nearly summer!  We shan’t have a full day of lessons all summer, shall we?”  Selina looked positively dismayed and Edmund glumly awaited his father’s response.  Madalene, beaming, simply looked happy to have someone new in the house to know and love.
“You’ll have most of each day almost until harvest to spend as you like,” the Earl said.  He was more firm with them when he added, “You will have a few short lessons each day this summer, but Lady Georgiana and I will work out those details tomorrow.  For now, you need to know there is no need to worry.  You shall have plenty of time to explore the grounds and play.”
The double doors opened again and Bradley entered.  “Dinner is served, my Lord.”  This saved everyone from further distress concerning the arrival of a governess for the time being.  Lady Margaret, Georgiana and Nathaniel exchanged amused looks of relief.  Bradley’s appearance could not have been timelier judging by where the conversation was headed.  Georgiana felt she had her work cut out for her.  She would somehow have to find a way to not extract too much from the children during the weeks ahead and yet comply with the Earl’s wishes for their lessons to continue.  


Chapter 7.  
Meeting with Lord Nathaniel Brook Edwards, III, Earl of Bridesgate


… and the name of his wife Abigail: and she was a woman of good understanding, and of a beautiful countenance ...    I Samuel 25:3,   Authorized King James Version 

She was thankful her first dinner at Wellbrook Hall had passed relatively well, all things considered.  Georgiana had not been able to contribute much to the conversation, but the Earl had mentioned his father had known her parents and asked about their time in Spain and France as ambassadors of England.  He had asked her about the boarding school in Switzerland and the finishing school in Paris she had attended.  After answering his questions, she had remained observant and silent as Lady Margaret and he had carried the conversation with talk of memories from years gone by.  She and Lady Margaret had retired early, still exhausted from the journey.  As Georgiana closed her weary eyes, her head sank comfortably into the feather pillows of her new bedroom.  She was barely awake enough to give thanks to the Lord above.  How far He had brought them!   
Though their journey had been harrowing they had come to safely land in this fine country manor under the care of a fine Christian Earl.  He had prayed a strong prayer at dinner and if that was further evidence of the character of the man whom the Lord had led to shelter them, she was indeed intrigued.  She and Lady Margaret had plenty to eat, luxurious and simple comforts all around and many kind, helpful servants to assist them with all of their daily needs.  They had gone from feelings of abandonment, grief and fear to a whole new land.  Only weeks ago they worried about the lack of their supplies, wondered how they would survive the winter ahead, and felt the daily concern of being in the midst of the dangers of a brewing war on European soil—to a dwelling place of provision and safety.  She now had someone to help her dress, bathe and pour fresh water into the water pitcher and hip bath, even brush her hair a hundred strokes and then twist her locks around linen curlers before bed. 
“Merci ... merci beaucoup, ¹ my Lord,” she whispered as she drifted into sleep.  How nice it felt to be under the clean sheets, blankets and a lovely coverlet surrounded by the rich fabric of the curtains draped from the posts of the bed.  The dinner had been roast beef accompanied by new potatoes and early peas in a cream sauce, sliced beets, apple bread with a plum sauce, buttered carrots seasoned with parsley and dill, and a white cake drizzled with cream and sliced peaches for dessert.  Georgiana drifted off to sleep feeling cared for and thankful for Lady Margaret’s good sense to bring them to England’s shores.
The maid, Molly Cuddleton, reappeared and pulled the drapes back in the morning to wake her with sunshine streaming in the window.  She helped her dress for breakfast and prepare for the meeting with the Earl, Lord Edwards, as most addressed him.  Georgiana still did not think she could address him as Nathan, the name reserved for only the closest of family members.
Molly removed the little rag curlers from her hair that she had insisted on putting in Georgiana’s hair the night before, revealing long curls all over her hair.  The effect was stunning by the time Molly finished.  A loose bun near the crown of her head and ten springy, long curls gave her naturally shiny hair a light and playful feel.  She wore her dove gray morning dress with the cream bodice and gray spencer, her brown kid leather walking ankle boots and decided against the pale pink and beige reticule.  The walking boots were a practical choice as she hoped to find time for a refreshing walk in the garden at some point.  
Molly informed her Lady Margaret had left word not to be disturbed as she would be sleeping in that morning.  This was no surprise to her as the journey had taken quite a toll on both of them.  In fact, Georgiana hoped she might take the afternoon to rest.  She still felt a little groggy herself from having slept so deeply.  She thanked Molly for helping her and as the maid was making up the bed, she ducked out into the hall and to the left for the staircase, descended the steps and turned left again into the dining room.  Her fashionable English hairstyle seemed to bounce with every step and she was sure she felt the happiest she’d felt since her Benjamin had passed away.
The Earl placed his morning newspaper aside and stood from his seat at the table when she entered the room, as did Edmund.   She stopped in her tracks, not expecting such courtesy.  
“G-g-good morning, my Lord,” she said to the Earl as she remembered to curtsey, ignoring Edmund for the time being.  She was trying to remember how she should address Edmund and if he held the courtesy title of a Viscount.  She bobbed a little nod in Edmund’s direction and felt a great relief when both father and son sat back down to their breakfast.  She was thankful for the years of instruction in etiquette she’d had at the finishing school in France and the boarding school in Switzerland.  
“Good morning!”  Lord Edwards said, noticing she looked rather lost, as well as breathtakingly beautiful dressed in gray and cream.  He noticed the way the morning sun seemed to glisten on her hair, the way her smile lit up the room without her knowing it.  “I hope you slept well.”
Georgiana’s cheeks felt like a warm flame with a deep blush from the attention she’d drawn just from walking into the room for breakfast.  She hadn’t meant to cause any disturbance.  Madalene sat beside Edmund.  Lady Selina was nowhere in sight.  “Yes, I did, thank you,” she managed, not stammering this time.
The Earl held an arm out to the side board where a feast awaited her.  She surveyed the bountiful selections before her as she walked to the buffet and clasped a plate to her chest while she contemplated the bacon strips and flaky biscuits.  “We generally have a variety of choices for breakfast.  Please help yourself.  The eggs are excellent this morning.  Would you like coffee or tea?”
“Coffee, s’il vous plaît,” ¹ she replied as she placed a biscuit on her plate and one strip of bacon.  “Merci.” ² She added a small spoonful of the eggs to her plate and another tiny sampling of the browned and seasoned potatoes with the chopped onions and peppers.   
Lord Edwards merely glanced in Bradley’s direction and he was already turning her cup over in the saucer and pouring a hot cup of coffee at the place setting nearest the Earl.  Another servant stepped forward as she slipped into the chair and offered to pour orange juice into the goblet and she nodded her thanks.  The Earl passed her a pitcher of cream and slid the sugar bowl in her direction and resumed the reading of his morning newspaper.
“Papa, there isn’t enough food on her plate to feed a bird!” Madalene blurted out cheerfully.
The Earl peered momentarily over his newspaper at her plate and thought much the same, but floundered on how best to reply to his curious daughter, who ironically, barely ate any of the food ever set before her, either.
Edmund wondered how Papa was going to get out of this question without neglecting any of the rules of etiquette.  Lady Georgiana blushed again, but a grin was beginning to turn up on her face as she contemplated the possible responses the Earl might give her youngest pupil.  Nathaniel began to ruffle the newspaper a little as he continued to look uncomfortable with any answer at all.  Edmund continued to look amused as he vigorously attacked a stack of griddle cakes and sausage links smothered in jam and maple syrup.   
“Ladies need not quantity but variety,” Lady Georgiana interjected softly, deciding to rescue the Earl and by doing so, hoped the child’s curiosity would be satisfied.
“Yes, that’s right.  Quite right! Not quantity, variety ...” the Earl repeated, laughter escaping his lips and a thankful smile lighting up his whole face.  His eyes were dancing with relief as he met hers.  Georgiana could not help but smile and blush.  He continued, not taking his eyes off the governess to his right, “You can run along and play in the garden now if you’ve finished your own breakfast, Madalene!”
Madalene looked from one to the other and suddenly satisfied, quickly jammed a spoonful of scrambled eggs into her mouth and chewed thoughtfully.  “Yes Papa!  I’m going to give my dolls a ride in their pram today.  It’s going to be a very busy day!” 
“Yes, I’m sure it is Maddie Muffin,” he said, his eyes clearly filled with joy from the golden haired child at his table.  “Drink your orange juice.”
Georgiana looked on partly in amusement and partly, pleased by the Earl’s display of paternal affection.  ‘Maddie Muffin’  finished her juice and completely disregarding most of the food on her plate, abandoned her chair and ran to throw her arms around her father before taking leave to the garden.  Edmund was already standing and pushing his chair under the table in order to follow her out of the dining room, giving a quick nod in the direction of his father and the governess.  
“Run along and be a good girl,” the Earl said, and turning to Edmund, “Keep an eye on her son!  Besides it being Lottie’s day off, I have been reminded by Briggs today is wash day; everyone will have their hands full.”
“I’ll try ... ” Edmund stood up tall, revealing brown knickers, suspenders and a crisp white shirt he tried to tuck back into his waistline.   He rolled his eyes a little when his father looked back down at his newspaper as Madalene scrambled around Bradley to reach the child size pram filled with several dolls.  She set about tucking her dolls beneath a blanket, talking to each one tenderly, eager to stroll about the garden and greet the sunshine whether Edmund, the garden and the sunshine were ready or not.
Turning to Georgiana, Nathaniel said, “She doesn’t eat enough to keep a bird alive either.  I just didn’t have the heart to point it out to her.”
She smiled with an understanding smile and relished the smirk showing in his eyes at the irony of his daughter’s faux pas.  “As you see, they will need a great deal of help with etiquette.”
She nodded, equally amused.  Shortly after, both children spilled out into the great hall and he was left to his paper and she, her breakfast, in peace.  As the morning sunlight streamed through the windows and the chirp of cheerful English birds could be heard through them, she couldn’t blame the children for wanting to be outside, or away from the dictates of those who could not appreciate a fine early summer day with the same type of importance a child placed upon it.
He looked up once from his newspaper and lowered it until she could see all of his face, somewhat tan from the long walks he often took to survey and peruse the estate and measure the progress of crops.  The crow’s feet at the outward corners of his eyes seemed only to make him the more handsome.  Laying the paper aside, he captured her full attention with his words, taking on a more serious tone and talking to overcome the rustling of the newspaper.  “I wanted to express yesterday, but did not find the right moment to say that I sincerely hope you are feeling comfortable and will soon feel settled in my home.  I want you and your mother-in-law to consider my home as your own.  I have heard of all you have done to care for Lady Margaret and am very pleased you have remained with her and looked after her through her losses and your own.  She is a very dear and long time, family friend and kin to my family.  The God of Israel will reward you for looking after her.”    
“Thank you, my Lord.  She means a great deal to me as well,” she said, clutching her coffee cup and looking down at the linen napkin in her lap. “Since my parents are deceased ... and now ... ”  She could not finish the sentence.  There were still moments like that, even now, a year later when she couldn’t even breathe her husband’s name. 
He cleared his throat and said nothing.  A few moments passed and then he said cautiously, in an even softer tone than before:  “The children did not know Benjamin and Samuel as I did.  We did so much together ... in fact we did almost everything together growing up, until they joined their parents in the French Alps.  We celebrated holidays and several weeks or months each summer, trips to London, birthdays, and even shared tutors at times in our younger years.  Lord Colton, Uncle Duncan to most of us ... your father-in-law, painted all of our family portraits and was a close friend and cousin of my father.  My father would have been devastated by the news of their passing.  Frankly, I don’t know that Lady Margaret would have come through this so well had you not been there to help her through this time.”   
“It has been difficult,” she nodded, her eyes fixed on her goblet of juice.  “I would like to think we have helped each other.”
“Yes, I’m sure you have,” he said. “I’m very sorry to hear of the passing of two of my dearest friends and their father.  It is my greatest wish that you and Lady Margaret are well taken care of in this tragic circumstance and that you are both able to find peace and security.  I hope in time you will be able to forge a new life when you are settled in at Wellbrook Hall.”
“Thank you, my Lord,” she said.  “That is very kind of you and we are forever in your debt.”
“They would have done no less for my family,” he said.  “Consider it something I do from my heart and not a debt at all.”
She could only ponder his words as she ate her breakfast and when he peered over the paper again a few minutes later and saw that she had finished her juice and was quietly waiting on his indication for their meeting to begin, he said,   “Shall we go to the library while the servants clear the table?”  She nodded, placed her napkin on the table, rose carefully from her seat and followed him wordlessly, observing everything she could about her new employer. 
He led her to the library on the second floor and there they found quiet and comfort in two, cozy arm chairs placed before the fireplace.  When they were seated, he wasted no time to begin sharing his thoughts.  Though too warm for a fire, the library was a quiet place to discuss the children without interruption.  
“As much as I detest the war, I have always maintained a good opinion of the people of France and the beauty of the language.  I have noticed you speak the language well,” he began, one leg bent and resting across his other knee. 
She nodded, keeping both of her hands at rest on the arms of the chair adjacent to his and he continued, “The children have violin and piano lessons once each week and mathematics lessons three times each week.  I would like them to have a French lesson for thirty minutes four times per week and I want them to write a Psalm four times per week.  Their mathematics lesson will come to an end for the duration of summer beginning in a fortnight.”
“I see,” she nodded agreeably.
“In the fall, beginning in September, they need to have a lesson in geography, English literature, grammar, spelling, science and history in addition to French, mathematics and their violin and piano lessons.  An instructor comes for all music lessons, which take place in the music room.  They also need an etiquette class several times per week and to continue studying the Bible each day.  Fridays should be a half day of lessons and no lessons on Saturday or the Sabbath, of course.”
“Where do the children normally have their lessons?”  she asked.
“I will be available to give you a tour of the school room tomorrow and when we have more time, a tour of the estate.  The school room is on the third floor.  If you need to purchase any books or supplies, make a list and Briggs will see to it.”
“May we use the books here in your library as well?” she asked, looking around the room at the floor to ceiling shelves on many of the walls and corners of the well-stocked library.
“Absolument,” he replied, making her laugh.  His French was pas mal. ¹
“Merci beaucoup!” ² she replied.  They were laughing together and it was good to hear the Earl laugh.
“We will be taking a little trip to the ocean for a few weeks beginning in about a fortnight.  Their French lessons and Bible study should continue while they are there, but not violin, piano or mathematics of course, as the math and music tutors will not accompany us to the seaside.”
“Mais oui!” ³ She smiled.  “I will be happy to accompany the family to the ocean.”
He laughed.  “I thought Lady Margaret and you would be a lovely addition to our holiday.  Do you have any other questions?” he asked, raking a browned hand through his dark hair as he tried to think if he had remembered everything he had meant to tell her.
“I’m certain I will have more but for now, I have just two.”  
“Proceed.”
“How many governesses have they had prior to now?”
“Too many, unfortunately,” he answered.  “I think you will be their fourth.  They have all abandoned Bridesgate.  Not because of the children, though Edmund has been at times boisterous and Selina, somewhat difficult to warm up to.  That’s not why they left as far as I can tell.  It’s that they have all had a life changing circumstances.  Two became engaged and two retired.”
“I see,” she said.
“Your other question?” he asked.
“Can you write down for me the proper name of each child and the grade level each one has progressed to and their ages?  I assume there are teacher grade books I can review to see their marks and progress in the school room?”  
“Yes, there are grade books and notes about their individual progress.  The books contain their proper names and ages.  I won’t bore you with all of those details just now.  We shall see those tomorrow.”  
“Très bien,” ¹ she replied.  
“Well then, if you have no other questions for me, I have another meeting shortly and I’m sure you would like to rest from the journey.  Of course you shall have a generous monthly stipend as outlined in the letter.  Something for Lady Margaret as well, since she will act often in the capacity of a companion.  Lessons should begin in a few days when you are rested and prepared for them to begin.  They normally start lessons at nine o’clock until three o’clock daily— but in the summer, use your best judgment and feel free to carry on as you see fit.  I would like them to learn, but they have born great loss and I want their lessons and daily life to be filled with joy and rewarding for both pupil and instructor.”
 “I understand.” She nodded.  “I am agreeable to all that we have discussed.  I will do my best.  We shall take matters of discipline lightly at first and hope for no further need of them.”
“Excellent.  I have no doubt you will do your best,” he said, feeling confident in her capabilities.  He stood up, looking very tall and handsome, signaling the end of their meeting.  She rose and he guided her elbow toward the door of the library.  “Lady Margaret wrote to me of your education and the time you spent teaching children in the village of Annecy prior to your marriage.  You are certainly qualified.”
“Thank you, but it was only a year I taught school in the village.”  Georgiana found herself sad their meeting must come to an end.  She had rather enjoyed it, surprisingly.
“If it gives you a little more confidence, though you look to be the youngest governess we’ve ever had, you should know your experience is more than several of our former governesses,” he informed her.  “Shall I escort you down the stairs or to your suite?”
“Down the stairs,” she replied.  “I’m going to take a turn in the garden.  Lady Margaret has probably joined Lady Madalene and Lord Edmund there by now.”  
“Yes, yes, of course,” he nodded.  Thinking of the former governesses to grace Wellbrook Hall, he didn’t mention the fact she was more attractive than all of them had been.  In fact, as he walked her down the staircase, he felt he should try to put that thought out of his mind entirely.  They parted at the bottom, and he couldn’t help but feel a great deal of relief at having found a more than suitable governess for his children.  He had a feeling he would like her very much in the weeks and months ahead.  Only one thing bothered him.  It was the glaring fact that he knew it would not be very long before someone would marry and whisk her away from his family.  





Chapter 8.  
Impossible to Deny


Rachel was beautiful and well favoured.  Genesis 29:17


Watching Lady Madalene push her dolls around in her doll buggy was a delight the Ladies Colton indulged in each morning after breakfast.  The young Viscount, Edmund, seemed more than relieved to not have this responsibility.  He preferred to meander about the conservatory or explore the stable and carriage house after breakfast.  Sometimes he liked to take an apple as a treat and ride Jasper, his horse.  Within a few days, Lady Selina soon found it equally enjoyable to follow the Ladies Colton at least for a few turns in the garden.  It was sunny enough that they each carried a parasol, with the exception of Madalene.  With Nurse Lottie’s help, Georgiana made sure her youngest charge wore a lace trimmed, linen, summery bonnet, securely tied beneath her chin.  She was thankful Molly or Lottie usually had it ready on one of the hooks in the cloak room near the entry just outside the dining room.  Little girls seldom remembered their bonnets.
Nathaniel had not forgotten any of the tours he had promised her.  She was his private audience for viewing the school room the very next day, as promised.  He had even sent a scullery and parlor maid up to the third floor to be sure everything was clean and in order.  On the one side of the long gallery room, there were six custom sized tall wooden desks and tall chairs with backs and arms for pupils, in two rows of three each.   A platform about four inches off the ground held the teacher’s desk and chair.  Behind it, a large blackboard and plenty of chalk was secured to the wall and in the corner, a globe of the world sat on a wooden stand.   Against the wall with the door were three sets of shelving containing volumes of books, floor to ceiling, and a step ladder to reach the highest shelves.  Three recently cleaned and shiny windows with not a single fingerprint or smudge let in plenty of sunlight, the windows open a little to let in fresh air.  The floor was wooden with no carpet but swept and scrubbed clean, the smell of soap still lingering.  A project table with eight chairs about it claimed the other side of the room.  A small trunk with a few interesting toys sat in a corner not too far from the project table, meant to serve as a reward for younger pupils who behaved well in school.  She was delighted to find a laboratory table held a telescope and a microscope near one of the windows.  Several comfortable cushioned reading chairs created a cozy area to read with a table, oil lamp and candles.   All that seemed missing was perhaps a rug for added warmth and comfort to make the reading nook complete.
“Is everything to your satisfaction?” the Earl asked, studying Lady Georgiana closely as she inspected the ink wells and pens at each desk, thoroughly checked a stack of slates for cracks and a supply of slate pencils,  leafed through the most recent grade book on the teacher’s desk and sought out a supply of paper.  She located pencils, erasers and a bucket with cloths for cleaning the chalk board.  With her hands clasped behind her back, she quickly perused the library to see what books would be available.  The Earl busied himself pushing aside the freshly laundered and crisply ironed, pastel blue, linen curtains and opening each of the windows wider to let more of the fresh air inside.  
“From the looks of this classroom, it is well suited to include science in our studies,” she stated as she peered through the scope on the laboratory table.
“Indeed,” he agreed.  He had not forgotten how much Edmund enjoyed science.  Had he forgotten to mention that subject to be included when they had spoken yesterday? 
She smiled, content to find everything she would need for the time being, including a large King James Bible.  “I’m certain I will have a list for Briggs, as you say, in a few days or so.  We will probably need more paper, a few more books at some point and candles.  I am happy to see there is a lamp for my desk.”
“Briggs will be delighted to order anything you need,” he said, feeling flustered for feeling like a school boy around her.  There it was again, his heart beating more rapidly just from being near her it seemed.  How did she do that to him?  No one ever unnerved him!
She knew she would spend a great deal of time in the classroom grading papers and planning lessons for the children.  She ran her fingers along the lines in the teacher grade book until she found the most recent entries.  Selina, age sixteen; Edmund, age fourteen; Madalene, age seven... it had been seven years since this man had been with his wife.   Someone, one of the servants, had said she had died in childbirth, leaving the Earl destitute.  In less than sixteen years, the children had been through four governesses, assuming schooling had begun around age five for the eldest.  Again, her heart went out to this man and his children.  As she read the information, she could feel the Earl watching her and it caused her to blush.  She had been bent over the book in such deep thought that many of her curls had tumbled to fall alongside her shoulders.  Shaking herself out of her thoughts, she reached for her ivory summer shawl trimmed in mint green silk to cover her rose-sprigged day dress.
For a brief moment he was near her looking at the marks in the book and reading the notes, scanning the book for the most recent information regarding the progress of his children:
  “Selina is struggling with her French lessons and needs help with arithmetic, enjoys literature, and has beautiful penmanship. Loves art. She is progressing well with piano ... encouraged to keep a journal.”
  “Edmund is distracted in class but excels in science, history and mathematics.  He especially likes science.  Give him something to examine or discover and he will tell you all about it with zeal. He is remarkable on the violin.  Needs to study spelling and grammar.”
  “Lady Madalene is a pleasure to have about.  Her reading, writing and spelling progress is good for her age.  She continues to learn to read from the Bible and enjoys art class. She loves to read.”
“It seems we need to add an art class,” she whispered, afraid to move from the nearness of the Earl.  Could he hear her heart beat as she did his?  Or was it her imagination?  
For several moments, he remained absolutely silent, studying the lovely governess beside him.  How had he come to stand this near to her?  “Yes, yes, we do ... ” he finally consented, his voice barely above a whisper.   Was that the scent of lavender she wore?  
She broke away first, sitting down in one of the pupil desks and silently staring back at him, her hands trembling.  He wanted to say something, anything, but could not.  She looked so lovely sitting there in the rose patterned frock in the desks, leaving him on the platform at a loss for words.
He prayed silently, “Lord, have you brought her here to torment me daily then? And what about Juliana?”
“Where do you keep the art supplies?” she finally asked, gingerly.  She couldn’t focus very well on art supplies any more than he, but it was a welcome relief from the subject of what had become so transparently unspoken between them.
“Art supplies?” he repeated, as if he had no idea what the words meant.
She nervously moved to the shelves again.  There had been some baskets on the shelves that contained something she supposed.  “Ah, here we are.”  She held up several containers of paint and brushes.
His feet were frozen to the ground.  Finally he’d stepped down from the platform, but he held himself a safe distance away and remained near the door in case he needed to make an escape.
“Have we any easels?” she inquired.  Lord, I’m not ready to fall in love again, or am I?  Is this really happening?  Is he lingering near me for a reason?  Are you really bringing me a new husband?  But hadn’t one of the servants said he was informally attached to a Lady Juliana? 
“Uh, easels ... yes, we do.  I know we have those,” he said, fumbling around for the right words, smiling a little.  “I just happen to lack the knowledge of where we have those.”  He was grinning then and then they were both laughing.  How was it she had managed to make him smile more in the past two days than he had in years?
She was wondering how a man could be so wealthy that he did not know where all of his possessions were.  It reminded her of the wealthy and noble families Papa Duncan had painted.


Chapter  9. 
 A Thousand Henry Trentons


Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.  Proverbs 31:10,   Authorized King James Version

Nathaniel Edwards kept more of proper distance between them on the tour he gave her of the estate in a fine surrey later that week with nothing but the fringe on the canopy above them to obstruct her view of the man and his property.  A driver obediently snapped the reins to instruct the horses to carry them in every direction the Earl commanded.  Along the way, he pointed out the barns, the wells, the kitchen house, ice house and spring house, the stables and cowshed, barns, various outbuildings and the estate chapel.  She listened astutely and learned of the meadows and crops, met a number of tenants and heard stories of other tenants.  She surveyed many of their humble but clean and neat housing and dwellings, and was finally introduced to the business manager, Mr. Henry Trenton.  
“My Lady,” Mr. Trenton swept his three corner hat off of his head and reached for her gloved hand.  From his stance down on the ground beside the surrey, he looked her up and down.  Her cheeks were burning with displeasure and she hoped she never had to make his acquaintance again.  Georgiana immediately disliked him.  He lowered his head and kissed the hand he held trapped in his own as if the Earl wasn’t even present.  “The pleasure is mine, entirely.”  His voice was husky and he eyed her wildly again.
Georgiana blushed again, nodded something ladylike in return and snapped her fan open.  She had to fight off a vision of her foot escaping the folds of her skirt and booting him away from the surrey until he landed on his buckskin britches in the dirt road.  Seated across from the Earl at a safe distance, she hid behind her fan without stepping out of the surrey, relieved Nathaniel didn’t require her to step down and look over the updated shed which now housed the office of the estate manager.  
Lord Edwards shook with indignation.  What had come over Henry Trenton?  He hadn’t known him in all these years to be a drinking man ... but if he didn’t know better, Trenton was acting as though he was in his cups!  He couldn’t help but bestow a glaring look at the man.  He refused to tip his hat or acknowledge Henry.  He would rather convey the message to Trenton that he had overstepped his bounds and made the lady uncomfortable.  Nathaniel saw her discomfort at once.  He loudly and firmly tapped his walking stick on the floor of the carriage and the surrey lurched gently forward to continue both the journey and her delight.  He could see that his governess was going to draw attention without trying.  He would have his hands full trying to protect her. 
He quickly and somewhat nervously began to give her a brief history of his family and the estate, promising to point out some of the faces he spoke of when they toured the main house more thoroughly.  All the while, he reminded himself he would have to have a very stern word with Trenton before the day was over.  He would not abide by someone else in his employ making overtly conspicuous and foolish notions toward someone he considered to be under his protection and household.  
Giving Lady Georgiana and Lady Margaret positions within his house was merely his way of making them feel needed and useful so they would not consider themselves merely charity cases of a benefactor.  It wasn’t as if he couldn’t hire anyone he so chose as companion or governess for his children.  The fact he was in need of both positions to be filled was immaterial.  He could have an advertisement in the papers in London tomorrow if he had wanted.  It was apparent Trenton had taken a great liberty and overstepped his reach when he’d introduced Georgiana as his governess.  He blamed himself.  As a governess for his children, Trenton would see her as someone equal to his own working class and as a widow, he might even consider her desperate enough to marry beneath her first marriage.  Apparently Bradley hadn’t spoken of his wishes to Trenton and he had completely forgotten to do the same.  Why had he not seen that coming?     
“Are all of your ancestors included in the paintings housed in the gallery?” she asked in a sweet tone when she recovered from the forward behavior of Mr. Henry Trenton.  She felt some degree of composure again the further the surrey sped away from the shed built of rocks and lumber.  Once again, it seemed the Earl was rescuing her from an undesirable situation.  She had stopped fanning herself as if her life depended on the very action of it and she wasn’t heaving with indignation anymore.  Her cheeks weren’t enflamed and her eyes had softened their expression.  
Amused at the reactions of the opposite sex and yet agitated within himself at the audacity of Trenton’s flirtatious behavior, he replied, “All great estates seem to have ancestors glaring down upon us from the walls of our galleries and yes, Wellbrook Hall, is not lacking in this regard.  You will enjoy that part of the tour as much as I always do.”  Trenton probably thought his actions were completely harmless.  He’d been the overseer for years, maybe too many years.
Thinking of the portraits they might find in Wellbrook Hall’s gallery, some of which her father-in-law had probably painted in earlier years, gave her a feeling of comfort again.  “Lady Margaret would enjoy seeing the gallery.”
“If I can convince her to leave Madalene and Selina for an hour,” he said.  “And Edmund has been showing her his insect and rock collection.”
“They have taken a liking to her,” she admitted.  “They are planning a picnic luncheon for us later today and were having a morning tea when we left, from which they insisted they could not be parted.  Even Edmund was hanging about making menu suggestions for Briggs to carry off to Mrs. Foster and Jenny.”
He chuckled when reminded of his son’s voracious appetite.  “Edmund is always concerned about the amount and types of food he can consume, but that being said, I do believe he has taken a rather fond view of Lady Margaret.  As far as his appetite, I honestly don’t know where he puts it, except he keeps growing taller and outgrowing his attire.”
She suppressed the urge to giggle and smiled demurely instead.  
He added, “I suppose we shall be noticed then if we are absent from the picnic.  I did offer several times to bring Lady Margaret along on the tour of the grounds.  She emphatically stated she remembers most everything from years gone by and could not be persuaded to join us.  The children have completely won her over.  They haven’t had a grandmother around or a mother to dote on them in years, so having you both here is more of a blessing to them than you can imagine.”  
Her gloved hands gripped the reticule and fan in her lap a little more tightly as she listened to his explanation of the situation happening to his household as a result of their arrival in the shire of Essex.  Bracing one hand on her fashionable straw bonnet with the large, emerald bow tied to one side of her chin, she couldn’t help but look up at the blue sky outside the surrey fringe ... not a cloud in sight.  She smoothed the white muslin gown with the thick emerald sash and the exquisite emerald satin ruffled trim accenting her puffy short sleeves, the square neckline and the hem of the skirt.  Emerald satin even covered the buttons down the back of the gown.  She was glad they’d been able to spend a few days in Paris and Geneva to acquire a few fashionable items for their wardrobes with the funds the Earl had sent ahead.  It had cheered Lady Margaret considerably.  They hoped to find more time to acquire a few more items when they reached London and perhaps a local seamstress could be of help in Essex.  Now that she knew for certain they would be expected to live in London during the Season, it was clear they would need a few more dresses.  The children probably needed clothing items as well.  She would have to give this more thought as soon as possible, but for now, her mind was whirling from what her heart was doing.   
 Are you showing me that you really do exist after you let my heart fall and break wide open?  Lord, are you really doing this?  Are you allowing this to happen to make us feel loved, embraced and comforted again?  Are you really the God of Israel who loves me so?  Do you realize I’m slowly falling?  Do you plan to let my heart become intertwined with the kindness and love of this man and his family?  You can’t break Lady Margaret’s heart again, to say nothing of my own. Lord, this is too great a kindness to bring us here to this place of refuge.  Governesses don’t get asked to marry Lords, or even those of the peerage. They are hidden away among attic school rooms and children and books.  
Are you stirring my heart to have me die of another broken one?  Do I even know this man?  Is he everything Lady Margaret says he is?  Can I trust him with my heart?  Why does he look at me that way?  Why do I want to live in a land of fairy tales?  Those are only for books.  Can any of this be happening to me?  I’m not going to be able to cope with Lady Juliana when she finally comes around to stake her claim.  He is just being kind.  I must remember he is already involved with someone else who has not been mentioned one time from his lips since my introduction to him!  
Just be content to have a roof over your head and a purpose in life and food to eat!  Don’t pay the Earl any bit of extra attention.  It will all come crashing down when Juliana appears.  Then why is he driving you all over this estate giving you a personal tour?  He is just being kind.  Just kind. 
Besides the main drive leading to the main gate, she discovered which paths and roads led to wooded areas, which led to the village and town nearby and which led to well-traveled roads leading to London.  She saw field after field of wheat, hay, oats and corn, and pastures filled with English cows and sheep.  She was not surprised to be reminded he owned a second home in London where they would move to during the Season.  Frequently he would pause and ask if she had any questions.  She found he wasn’t only a man in charge with a stern voice and firm tone, but he had another side; a side with tremendous capacity to be considerate, kind and compassionate of others.  He was filled with ideas about how to improve tenant housing, irrigation and the management of his land.  He was slowly revealing this part of his character and personality to her, but it seemed to only make her more nervous and wary.  Her heart seemed to be observing a man in which she found few, if any flaws or undesirable traits.  The trouble was, she could hardly find a way to stop her heart from fluttering with every word he spoke, every glance in her direction, every point of interest he shared with her.  It all endeared her the more.
He stared at the lovely face seated across from him framed by the elegant summer bonnet as the team of horses carried them past more rows of crops.  Normally he would be scanning the crops with his eyes, looking for potential problems.  Today, he couldn’t even see the crops.  A thousand Henry Trenton’s would steal her outright in London, only they would be the finest of the peerage and not mere tradesmen, the finest gentlemen in London.  They won’t care that she is a governess if they have one solitary glimpse of her.  She exudes kindness, loyalty, propriety, purity, thoughtfulness, humility, gentleness and love, sensibility ... a combination I haven’t found in a dozen women since my wife died.  I’ve seen firsthand how she takes care of her mother-in-law and has already begun to look after my children. 
Heavenly Father, how good you are to allow me a chance to discover who she is, if she is the one you’ve set aside for me since the losses I’ve endured. That is what you’re doing, isn’t it?  Then he shook his head.  He had to try to remain focused.  What about Juliana?  He thought he had something special beginning to develop with her, but now, he wasn’t so certain.  He was glad he would have time to sort it out later.  For now, he was simply going to enjoy the picnic. And then he was going to instruct Henry Trenton on how to behave toward his guests and relations if he wanted to remain on staff at Bridesgate Park Estate. 


Chapter 10. 
 You’re Home Now ...


Colossians 3:1-4, Authorized King James Version
If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God. 2 Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. 3 For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. 4 When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with him in glory.

The Ladies Colton finally felt fairly settled in at Wellbrook Hall.  They had managed to unpack all of their trunks and satchels with Laura and Molly’s help, learning more than they had ever wanted to know about the Earl along the way.  Molly knew about his first wife, how she had died and how it had grieved him and his children.  She pointed out some of the portraits of Lady Abigail Tournley Edwards from around the manor, in addition to finding a hammer, nails and a spare, tall footman to hang Papa Duncan’s paintings in Lady Margaret’s suite.  
While Laura unpacked Lady Margaret’s trunks in the peach suite, Molly chattered away in the violet suite as she dusted off books she pulled out of the trunks and finished placing some of Benjamin and Samuel’s sculptures and vases about both suites under the direction of the Ladies Colton.  Selina and Madalene eventually wandered into the suites to help with the unpacking process.  Madalene reached in an open trunk and handed Georgiana an oval, framed sketch of Benjamin. 
Trembling a little, Georgiana placed the framed sketch on her night stand and sat on the edge of the bed dabbing her eyes with a handkerchief.  
“You’re home now, Benjamin,” she said in a barely audible whisper.
Selina had been watching from near the foot of the bed at a curtained bed post.  She slid onto the bed near the silently weeping governess and wordlessly placed one hand on Georgiana’s to console her.  It was the most emotion and friendship Selina had been able to show her since her arrival.  Little Madalene and Molly grew quieter as they absorbed the episode.  
Later that evening while brushing her hair for bed, Molly said, “Beggin’ yer pardon, m’lady, but in me opinion, yer’ve hadduh breakthrough with Lady Selina!  Aye!  Somethin’ nobody else has done!”
“I suppose we have both shared grief,” she said, her eyes on the vanity mirror as she searched her face for signs of age and weariness.  Her dark circles had almost vanished since coming to Bridesgate Park, but today she had traces of a little puffiness from her tears.  
“The Earl would have been pleased to have witnessed it.  Selina dern’t show emotion tuh nobody, my Lady.”  She set the brush back on the vanity and proceeded to pour fresh water into the pitcher for the next morning.  “Aye, the Earl would be pleased indeed tuh hear of it.” 
“Do you really think so Molly?”
“Indeed, ma’am I do.  I surely do, indeed!”  Molly nodded profusely with wide eyes.  “Lord Edwards had been real worried ‘bout her.  She hain’t been the same since ‘er Mama passed away.”
“I’ll consider mentioning it to Lord Edwards if the opportunity comes along,” she replied as Molly helped her out of her robe.  She would sleep well now that she and Lady Margaret were finished unpacking.  Her eyes were drawn to the sculpture Benjamin had made of Ruth from the Bible carrying a gleaning basket, now displayed prominently on the fireplace mantle.   One of Papa Duncan’s portraits now looked serene in Georgiana’s personal sitting room, a winter scene of the Chateau de Fleurs in the setting of the Alps.  
The next day, Molly even dragged an unused corner hutch down from the attic for Margaret’s dishes to be proudly displayed in her sitting room.  They were finally starting to feel at home and develop a fairly steady routine.
They were also looking forward to attending a church service that coming Sunday and the Earl’s children were opening up to both of them; even Selina, though she still remained somewhat aloof and distant.  The Earl promised to take them on a tour of the village before the trip to the ocean; though he had been rather busy since the day of the picnic and the tour of the gallery.  He had taken the day after the picnic to show both Lady Margaret and Lady Georgiana the gallery.  They had expressed their sorrow concerning the loss of his wife.  He had rushed them on to other portraits but had lingered over those Papa Duncan had done.
They had also explored the entire house, discovered the conservatory and enjoyed a great deal of time in the vast library.  They enjoyed evenings in the upstairs sitting room, walks in the garden and on the grounds and leisurely summer afternoons.  The children were glad that with summer beginning they could turn their focus to only two short lessons and visits with their music teacher for piano and violin.  Lady Selina began spending a great deal of time drawing at an easel in the garden in the afternoons.  Madalene sometimes spent hours with paper dolls and a large, very well constructed dollhouse placed near the nursery window.  She also practiced the piano more than the others while Edmund spent more time with the violin.  Edmund spent most of his time in the stables, riding or meandering about the estate, being attached to his chestnut horse, Jasper, and a calico barn cat, Pickle, who sometimes ended up in Madalene’s pram.  
The Earl had attended every dinner and spent all of his evenings with the family except one in which he had mentioned he had a prior dinner engagement.  Georgiana assumed it might be at Rosewood Manor with Lord Barrington and his daughter and asked no questions.  It really was none of her business who he dined with.  She was there to be the governess and nothing more until God made it clear to her otherwise.  She noticed the Earl was doing his best to remain detached, yet amiable.  They had barely spoken since the day of the tour of the gallery other than at meals and when the family gathered in the evenings around the upstairs sitting room.  
It wasn’t but a week after the picnic that Georgiana, at her bedroom window seat, finally caught a glimpse of the elusive Lady Juliana on a horseback ride with the Earl.  That particular morning she had decided to have breakfast in her room on a tray and sleep in a little later than usual.  At about nine o’clock, Molly brought a tray up as she had instructed her to do the night before.  She helped her into the blue brocade dress with the mauve trim from Paris.  As Molly arranged her hair, she casually remarked the Earl was off riding with Lady Juliana that morning.
She chose to let the subject pass with no indication of remorse concerning the matter.  “Have you heard from your Walter yet, Molly?”
“No, my Lady, and it breaks my heart,” she answered somberly as she finished placing the last few ringlets around Lady Georgiana’s face in a becoming manner.  
“Well, try not to worry.  We’re all praying for your beloved’s safe return.”
“Thank ye, ma’am,” Molly bobbed and was soon headed in the direction of Lady Margaret’s room, leaving her with the breakfast tray on a small table pulled up to the window seat.  
Georgiana lifted the lid on the plate and revealed a boiled egg, a warm buttermilk biscuit with honey and a small bowl of fresh cut squares of melon, quartered strawberries and blueberries.  She finished her breakfast and glancing out of the window past the garden toward the rolling meadows that lay beyond, it was then she spotted the Earl and Lady Juliana.   
Something in her heart melted with despair, but she calmly sipped her steaming cup of tea while looking out the window.   The pair continued to ride until they crested a small hill and were then too far away to be seen from her window any longer.  She had not been prepared at all for how seeing the couple together would make her feel and was somewhat baffled by her thoughts and emotions.  She prayed:  Lord, I know you haven’t brought me this far to leave me now.  I have the oddest feeling that the Earl is the man you want me to marry.  I trust you in this situation.  If I’m wrong, then show me what your plan is.  
She pushed the Earl from her mind and spent extra time in the solace of her room that morning, glad for the reprieve, taking time to read from the gospel of John, chapter fourteen.  She always felt God’s peace and comfort when she read that chapter. 
By the time she joined the children in the garden a little later, she knew what she had to do.  She needed to talk to the Earl but he seemed to have disappeared for the day.  There was no sign of Juliana either, for which she was greatly relieved.  She helped the children through their French and Bible lessons.   Each of them settled into their own agenda for the day after a light luncheon of a potato soup with a cream base.  Bradley had offered a platter of hearty rolls with butter while another footman served smaller plates of crisp salad of greens topped with radish slices and crushed walnuts to accompany the soup.  Lady Margaret had remarked upon Lord Edward’s absence, but no one really knew what had occupied his day since his early morning ride with Lord Barrington’s daughter.  Again, Lady Georgiana found it somewhat disheartening to discuss or think about.  She pushed her feelings aside and determined she must not ever again let feelings for the Earl rise in her heart.  She felt foolish for having let her guard down since arriving at Wellbrook Hall.  
Madalene informed the family that she had a tea party in the nursery planned with her dolls and excused herself from the table, allowing Nurse Lottie to lead her and an armful of dolls upstairs with a look which said, “Time for a nap!”  
Selina had a headache and planned to take an afternoon lie down, as did the Ladies Colton, minus the headache.  Edmund said he planned to go riding for about an hour and would return to spend time labeling the butterflies he’d added to his growing insect collection.  He was meticulously preserving the insects between two layers of framed glass Henry Trenton had produced for that sort of thing.  Evidently, Trenton was trying to earn the Earl’s good opinion and favor ever since the meeting they’d had the day of Georgiana’s tour of the estate.  
Georgiana wearily trudged upstairs to her room and was glad to have a restful nap since it seemed the Earl wasn’t going to reappear anytime soon.  All she knew for certain from her morning prayer time was she had to tell him as soon as possible she wasn’t going to the ocean with the family after all.  She was glad he would probably appear at the usual supper hour.

Lord Edwards did appear on time for the evening meal.  When supper was finished, the family gathered around the upstairs sitting room.  Edmund brought out his violin and entertained everyone for about the space of half an hour before he retired the instrument to the case and resumed reading Gulliver’s Travels.  Lady Margaret contented herself with needlework.  Selina continued her attempt to instruct Madalene in the art of sewing a dress for her doll from scraps of fabric they’d collected from Briggs.  
Georgiana found a book and sat quietly beside the fireplace.  She still hadn’t found a moment alone with the Earl to speak her mind.  He seemed preoccupied with a letter he was constructing at the writing desk.  Occasionally a footman, Simon, looked in on the family to fill their cups with tea and offer a platter of raspberry tarts and cookies.   Lottie finally came to fetch Madalene for bed and her father dutifully set his quill aside and kissed her little cheek.  
“Sleep well, Maddie Muffin.”
“Sleep well, Papa.”
Eventually Simon came to collect teacups and the platter of cookies.  The older children were yawning.  They and Lady Margaret rose to retire to bed, talking excitedly of the upcoming journey to the ocean even as they filed out of the sitting room.  
“Are you coming along, ma petite fille?” ¹ On the way out of the sitting room, Lady Margaret paused at the door.  Georgiana usually retired when she did.
“I’ll be along in just a little while,” Georgiana replied without looking up from her book. 
Lady Margaret decided against remonstration and simply bid her a restful sleep.  Nathaniel kept writing after wishing the others a good night, only the sound of his quill filling the room from time to time.  She forced herself to read a few more paragraphs of Daniel Defoe’s Robinson Crusoe, but when she had read the same paragraphs several times and still hadn’t any idea of what she’d read, she snapped her book shut loudly with a sigh, drew in her breath deeply and announced she had decided not to accompany the family to the ocean.  The Earl, having finished his letter, had seated himself in his usual chair by the fireplace near the chair she was sitting in.  He now wore a look of astonishment. 
“What will you do all day in this empty house while we are away on holiday?” He thought to tempt her into changing her mind.
“If you don’t mind, my Lord, I would like to spend a few days in London shopping for suitable garments in the latest English fashions.  As you know, in addition to dressing for mourning, I’ve been in France for a long time.  I feel as though I am long overdue to visit a proper English seamstress.  Then, after a week in London, I plan to visit my sister and family in Yorkshire.  She has been rather beside herself with concern for my welfare since the passing of my husband.”  She kept her eyes on her hands, folded in her lap.
Why he hadn’t thought of asking his new household members if they needed to travel to London for a shopping excursion had been terribly inconsiderate.  He chided himself inwardly.  How could he even consider declining her request?  And of course her sister would like to see for herself that she was in good health.  Recovering his good manners quickly, he said, “Of course!  Please forgive me for not considering a trip to London before now.  It should have been among my first concerns for your wellbeing and that of your mother.  I will be most happy to make the travel arrangements for you.”
“Please don’t consider yourself at any fault in this matter.  I only recently came to the conclusion that this would be in order.  Lady Margaret may want to travel to London later, but I think she would certainly benefit from a trip to the ocean for health reasons.”
“Absolutely, yes, I am inclined to agree.”
“I am so very thankful for your benevolence to us.  You have been nothing but generous in every possible way.”
“May I mention, there is no need for a hotel?  It is not an expense we desire to incur.  You may use the London townhouse while you are there.  We have an extra coach and footmen who will see to your safe arrival and return trip.  One of the stable hands will drive you ... and I will assign a cook and maid to accompany you as well.  Are you quite sure you would not rather be at the seaside?  Perhaps we should delay the trip until your safe return.”
“Yes, I am certain,” she said.  “It seems like a great deal of trouble.”
“Not at all!  I would do no less for Selina or Maddie.”
Did he really consider her like a daughter?  “You are most gracious, My Lord.  I do hope you will all have a splendid holiday and please do not delay it.  The children would be terribly disappointed and I would be the subject of their blame, which is not the way to have a desirable start as their governess.  And I hope you will be so kind as to look after Lady Margaret while I am away.  We mustn’t let her talk herself out of a journey to the seaside!”
“Of course,” he said.  Why did he feel so disappointed?
“Have you settled on which seaside?”
“Yes, I believe we have.  The children and I have taken a vote.  Everyone is of a mind to avoid Brighton and Bath and the popular seaside resorts.  I’ve decided on a house we’ve stayed in before along the sandy shores in a small village called Holland-on-Sea.  It’s located southeast of Colchester, not terribly far; a few hours by coach.  We’ve had a number of other holidays there over the years and the children and I have enjoyed the privacy.”
“It sounds perfect.  Perhaps next year I will be able to accompany you, but I have had a letter from my sister since my arrival at Wellbrook Hall and she insists that I come as soon as possible.”
“Yes, well, the war with France has probably loomed in her mind heavily—in addition to your circumstances,” he said, looking at her thoughtfully.
“Then you understand more than most might,” she perceived, standing to her feet.  “For that I am filled with inexpressible gratitude.  I wish you a good night, my Lord.”  She curtsied.
He rose to his feet with her and nodded slightly.  “We’ll work out the details tomorrow or within the next day or two, then.”  As she left the sitting room empty without her soft voice and sweet smile, he pondered the predicament.  Perhaps he would write to Lord Cole Barrington, the Baron of Rosewood Manor, tomorrow, since Juliana had said he was still in London.  He would ask him to look in on her when she arrived ... and maybe Maxwell, the only two friends he could say he might trust in his absence.  Maybe ... Lady Caroline Sturbridge? She could introduce Georgiana to a number of suitable friends or companions of the right sort; perhaps Lady Georgiana had some friends of her own living in London.



Chapter 11.  
Divine Glimpse


 … Behold, the Lord our God hath shewed us his glory and his greatness, and we have heard his voice out of the midst of the fire: we have seen this day that God doth talk with man, and he liveth ...  Deuteronomy 5:24, Authorized King James Version

“Father ... please let me go with Lady Georgiana to London!  Please, may I?  Oh may I ... Papa dear?  I do promise I shall be very good and very helpful!”  Selina pleaded and giggled with joy at the idea of going shopping in London as she danced around his chair in the downstairs sitting room.
Even he was laughing, seeing her dance around the room in excitement.  How seldom it was that he saw her laugh!  How could he deny her an extra shopping excursion?  She would only pout at the ocean if he didn’t give in.
“Are you certain Lady Georgiana has granted you permission to upset her visit to her sister by inserting yourself into her private reunion with her family?” he asked sternly.  No more laughing.  He must get to the bottom of this.
“Oh Papa!  Really!  How you do go on as if I have not had a long talk with Lady Georgiana upon this very matter!   Yes, I am quite certain!  I would like to have some new dresses, Father,” she said, pausing in front of the chair, her hands clasped in hope, practically holding her breath between sentences.  “I will be on my very best manners throughout the duration of the entire journey.”
“I can’t understand why you didn’t mention your desire to refurbish your wardrobe when we were just there a few months ago.  You won’t pout if she doesn’t give into your every whim and wish?” he demanded to know.  Girls were so fickle.  Perhaps if she had a mother, I wouldn’t constantly be in the dark about what’s going through that head of hers.
“Oh no, Father!  I won’t pout!”  Selina promised.
“Well, I’ll have to speak with her privately to see if this is an imposition to have you along on a personal family visit.  I can’t be sure she is telling you what you want to hear to win your affection or if she is genuinely willing to bring along an extra charge.”
“All right Father, but I’m certain she shall say yes,” Lady Selina said, with as much hope shining through sparkling eyes as with her joyful voice.  
“Just the same, I shall decide if you are to accompany her, regardless of the answer I receive from the governess.”
“Yes, Papa,” she said, leaning down to kiss him on one cheek.
“Run along now!  I want to read this book in peace and I’m hiding in here from Maddie Muffin.  She’s it, you know.”
“Why is that?”
“We’re playing ‘hide and seek,’” he said, holding a finger up to his lips to silence her.
“Ahhh!” she whispered, clasping her arms behind her back.  “All right then, I will be on my merry way.  And I’m not a charge, Papa.  I’m a grown woman now, a fine lady, with impeccable manners.   I shan’t tell a soul you’re hiding in here.”
“Impeccable pouting ability you mean.  Now out, out with you, or they’ll find me in here and then I won’t get to read my book in peace.  I’ll be on a mission of finding them if they find me!” He nodded, shooing her away towards the door and out of the room with a motion of his hands and an amused smile.  He was thinking how very grown up she did seem to him, and that all ladies seemed to have impeccable pouting ability.  He hadn’t seen Selina this happy about anything in a very long time.
As she slid out of the door and into the great foyer with the three story ceiling and grand staircase, Madalene popped out from the direction of the conservatory.  “Is Papa in there?” Maddie asked.
“Looking for Papa?  In there?”  Pointing to the door she closed behind her and shaking her head, “No, I haven’t seen him, but you might want to look upstairs,” Selina offered in a voice loud enough for Father to hear her.
“Oh, all right ... see you later, Selina!”  Madalene bounded up the stairs, nearly running directly into Molly and Laura as they each carried a tea tray down to the kitchen house.
Father was shaking his head and chuckling; finally, a moment of peace to read his book.  

On Sunday, it was decided they would ride by open carriage to attend the parish service.  Lord Edwards, Madalene and Lady Margaret sat on a seat together facing Lady Georgiana, Edmund and Selina on the other.  Once they filed into the church, they took up an entire pew near the front row, where the Earl’s family always sat.  The church had a vaulted ceiling, a balcony, stained glass windows, stone walls and floor tiles, mahogany pews and trim throughout.  Lord Edwards waited at the end of the pew in the middle of the aisle until his entire household was seated, Georgiana filing in last wearing her peach gown and a peach trimmed poke bonnet, and then he seated himself beside her.  She could barely breathe for being so close to him during the service.  It seemed her heart was beating so loudly everyone could hear it.  It wasn’t until Madalene leaned her blond curls and linen bonnet against her arm that she began to relax against the adoration of the child beside her.
They sang three hymns and collected an offering.  Somewhere between the first and second hymn, she thought she saw Lady Selina take notice from the far end of the pew as she looked over her shoulder at someone coming in the church.  Georgiana glanced over her shoulder quickly and saw the beautiful Lady Juliana enter the church with mother and father, taking a seat in the middle on the other side of the aisle.  Whatever your will is Father, I am your servant.
The sermon amazed her as the vicar stood up behind a beautiful pulpit polished to a fine sheen and expounded details and conclusions from the book of Ruth.  As he spoke of the Moabitess woman who had followed her mother-in-law back to her homeland in Israel, her hands began to tremble.  She had to clasp them tightly in her lap as the vicar went on to describe how Ruth followed the instruction of her mother-in-law and after having lain at the feet of Boaz, married him, eventually becoming an ancestor of Jesus, Savior of the world.
What must be going through Lord Edwards mind?  She dare not look him in the eye.  Was this the way the Lord was answering her prayer of confirming to her what was about to happen in her own life?  Had she not asked God to reveal to her what His plan was?
The effect of the sermon was not lost on Nathaniel Brook Edwards the Third.  As the vicar described how the wealthy Boaz had dutifully provided for Ruth, allowing her to glean in his fields, his heart stirred deeply within as he considered how stark the parallels were from the story of Ruth to the situation of the Ladies Colton in the care and grace of his own benevolence.  The parallels were uncanny.  Surely this was no coincidence.  This was God himself speaking to him.  This was providence indeed!  Was he indeed to marry Lady Georgiana?  Could she hear his heart beating and see the sweat trickle from his brow?  He wished he could loosen the layers of the white cravat at his throat with the folds cascading down the front of his long, dark coat. He dare not look in the direction of the lady seated to his right nor meet her eyes with his own. 
They were standing now, and Lady Georgiana was holding a sleepy Madalene on her hips, her weary head resting on her shoulder.  How it reminded him of his Abigail.  How very long it had been since he had enjoyed the pleasure of a family, complete in every way.  The least he could do was hold the hymnal open for Georgiana as he knew how heavy Madalene could be after falling asleep.  Several of the former governesses in his employ might have harshly shaken the child out of her sleep and reprimanded her.  Not Lady Georgiana; she swayed gently and held the child as a mother would. 
Though it might have been well known to her and though he knew it had been circulating Anglican churches since 1775, the Earl held the hymnal open for her to Augustus Toplady’s “Rock of Ages.”
1. Rock of Ages, cleft for me, Let me hide myself in Thee;
Let the water and the blood, From Thy wounded side which flowed,
Be of sin the double cure; Save from wrath and make me pure.
2. Not the labor of my hands Can fulfill Thy law’s demands;
Could my zeal no respite know, Could my tears forever flow,
All for sin could not atone; Thou must save, and Thou alone.
3. Nothing in my hand I bring, Simply to the cross I cling;
Naked, come to Thee for dress; Helpless look to Thee for grace;
Foul, I to the fountain fly; Wash me, Savior, or I die.
4. While I draw this fleeting breath, When mine eyes shall close in death,
When I rise to worlds unknown, And behold Thee on Thy throne,
Rock of Ages, cleft for me, Let me hide myself in Thee. ¹
As the benediction prayer was bestowed upon the congregation, he saw no way to avoid the introduction of Lady Juliana to the Ladies Colton.  He also wondered at himself for thinking of how he might avoid or delay the meeting.   
The benediction had finished and Lady Juliana and her parents caught the Edwards family procession in the middle of the aisle as they progressed to exit the service.  He tried to appear normal and paused to make the necessary introductions.
“Lady Juliana, Lord Barrington, Lady Amber Barrington,”  he nodded warmly and in as friendly a tone as he thought might prevent the ladies from starting out on the wrong foot, “if I may introduce to you our new governess and companion for the children, the Ladies Colton.  Lord Barrington is the Viscount of Rosewood Manor.”
“Ah yes, you did mention they were settling in!”  Lady Juliana Barrington said above the throng of church-goers emptying into the middle aisle as she clasped her hands into the crook of the Earl’s elbow.  “How lovely it is to finally meet you both!”  
“Yes, yes, we are pleased to meet you both. Welcome to our community!”  Lord Barrington said heartily, his top hat in his hand.  
Lady Margaret was fanning herself with her lace fan but she lowered it and nodded warmly, “‘Tis a pleasure to meet each of you.”  Georgiana nodded slightly being careful not to disturb Madalene.
Juliana whispered something to the Earl who bent down to hear her speak before the Ladies Colton could recover from a nodding hello and take up the conversation that ensued with the elder Barringtons.  The Earl straightened up again and looking at Edmund, “Help Lady Georgiana and Lady Margaret to the carriage, Edmund.  I’ll just be a moment.”
“Yes, Father.”
There was no further opportunity to speak to Juliana as Nathaniel quickly turned toward the door and the families all followed, Juliana still hooked to his arm, rather forwardly.
“We are looking forward to the trip to the seaside with our two families,” Amber, Lady Barrington, said to Margaret, Lady Colton.
“We are as well, though I’m afraid Lady Georgiana will be in London,” Margaret, Lady Colton, replied as she lowered her black veil and grasping her cane firmly with one hand, raised her gown a few inches from the ground with her other hand to make it down the church steps.  Georgiana was aware of Edmund lingering close behind her mother-in-law to watch her footing.
“Such a shame to miss the ocean,” Amber, Lady Barrington said.  Turning to the vicar with her husband, “A fine sermon and one of my favorite books in the Bible.”  Then as they descended the steps, she looked over her shoulder and tossed a greeting out, “How are you this fine morn,’ Lady Selina?”
“Fine, thank you,” Selina replied as she tilted her chin and proudly followed the ladies and Edmund down the church steps.  She was not overly friendly toward Juliana and so she said nothing to encourage further conversation with the Barringtons, though they were neighbors.  Lady Barrington did not seem to notice. 
 As they made their way out of the door, chatting with Lord Barrington and Amber, Lady Barrington, about the good weather and the sermon, Madalene was growing heavy in Georgiana’s arms.  It was all she could do to make it to the carriage.   
As they drew near the carriage, the Earl managed to slip away from Lady Juliana in time to take Madalene into his arms to offer Georgiana the relief he knew she needed and assist his family into the carriage.  Their eyes met and he could tell by her gentle smile she was thankful and understanding of his predicament.  Assistance from a footman dressed in full livery was also readily available and before she knew it, they were all settled in the carriage.  Madalene had stirred when her father had transferred her to his own shoulder and then burrowed deeper into his arms.  The Earl signaled the driver and the carriage pulled away without a backwards glance to the supper of stew and buttermilk biscuits Mrs. Sarah Foster had prepared for them back at Wellbrook Hall.  Today was her day off and she would have prepared it lovingly the night before.  The kitchen maid, Jenny, would see to it that the stew and biscuits was warmed properly.  The Earl was careful to be sure each servant on staff enjoyed a day and a half day off; most had Sundays to enjoy, so the household would run with a slim staff for the day.   Most of the servants attended Sunday services with the Earl and his family, walking into the village separately.  If weather was poor, the Earl often gave them use of one or more of the wagons to ride into the village but as they did on that particular day, most preferred to walk and enjoy the scenery of the countryside.
After supper, Lady Margaret and the children retired to take customary Sunday afternoon naps.  As Simon cleared the table, Nathaniel leaned forward and said to Georgiana, “Would you care to take a turn in the garden with me?  I’d like to thank you for your gracious invitation to allow Selina to accompany you to London.  She’s never had anyone take a strong interest in looking after the needs of her wardrobe other than Briggs since her mother passed on to heaven.”
“Certainly, I would be delighted.  Fresh air sounds wonderful on a beautiful day such as this,” she replied, her eyes brightening at the suggestion of a walk in the garden.
He kept his pace in the garden slower to match hers.  When they had walked a little further into the garden, following the brick paths, he began his discourse carefully on the subject of his concern.  “Are you quite certain she won’t be a nuisance to your plans?  Please do tell me the truth.  It’s not too late for me to insist that she does not abandon what may be the only family respite we may have for some time to come.”
“It is no trouble, my Lord.  I am delighted to have company on my journey!  Somehow, it makes me less apprehensive and more adventurous.”
“Well, then, if you are sure ... ”
“I thought it would actually help her.  She is nearly ready to be presented at court.  Perhaps we can accomplish some of the shopping we will need to do to prepare her for her coming out ball as well as attend to the needs I have.”  This is my chance to prepare as fine a trousseau as possible.
“I would be forever indebted to you,” he said, his hands clasped behind his back as they walked.
“That is a suitable arrangement then, indeed,” she remarked.  By allowing her to go to London, he was rescuing her from two weeks spent with Lady Juliana in a most uncomfortable situation.  She would finally be able to visit her sister and he had just agreed to give her the opportunity to bond with Selina.  Not to mention, she needed to apply faith by acting upon her belief the Lord would eventually give her a whole new life.  She would not have to sit on the shelf and become a relic of antiquity in the prime of her youth.  By purchasing a trousseau, she was definitely acting upon her faith.  She had just read in her Bible a number of verses about faith in the past few weeks ... faith without works is dead.  And the just shall live by faith ...  Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen ... and that other verse ... it is impossible to please the Lord without faith.  Did the Earl have any idea just how much of a rescue this was to her?
There he was, laughing again with her.  How was it she could make him laugh so often and feel as if his heart was floating on a cloud? She had such a comfortable, easy manner. He did so like her forthrightness.
“Spare no expense,” he commanded, stopping in the middle of the garden.  “Whatever you need, and whatever she needs, I will cover the cost.  I will give you a letter to present to any proprietor so any items you purchase will be put in my name on my account.”
“But ... ”  She had planned to use some of her stipend.
“No, you must understand.”  He placed both of his hands on her slim shoulders, gently; just enough to have her full attention and look at her squarely.  “I insist.  You do not know how it grieves me that I am not able to do for her the things her mother would have done.  There is no amount that can repay you for doing this for her, for me.”
“It is my pleasure, my Lord.”  She was trembling a little, beginning to understand the importance of this to the man before her, the loving and considerate father before her.  Briefly, she wondered if her own father and mother would have been like this toward her if the smallpox had not claimed their lives so early.  She could only do her best with regard to Selina and trust the rest to the Lord.
The rest of the day passed comfortably and uneventfully with the exception of what Lady Georgiana wrote in her diary before bed:
   “I’m certain I caught the Earl looking at me throughout the evening, as though he was studying me with a great intensity, the likes of which I cannot recall except for distant memories of my beloved Benjamin doing the same.  The sermon today, as with any great moment in which we feel strongly that we are being led through a divine encounter with our Lord ... surely must have given us both great pause for thought and seems to demand a response.” 





Chapter 12.  
Cavendish Square


Blessed be the Lord, who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of our salvation. Selah.   Psalm 68:19, Authorized King James Version
   M
olly and Jenny had attended to every matter in regards to the comfort and necessities of Georgiana, Lady Colton, and Lady Selina while in the London residence of the Earl at the townhouse in Cavendish Square in the fashionable Mayfair District.  Selina gave Georgiana a tour of the spacious townhouse.  A long kitchen, pantry and servants’ quarters were on the lower floor.  Above that, a foyer, staircase, sitting room, formal dining room, and two bedrooms occupied the main floor.  There were three more bedrooms, a library, and an indoor bathing room on the third floor.  The top floor contained an attic school room and extra servants’ quarters.  The first floor sitting room was long enough to transform into a small but elegant ball room.   
The bedrooms did not have their own sitting rooms as Wellbrook Hall did, but they did have attached dressing rooms in those on the third floor.  The Earl’s suite on the third floor was easiest to identify as it contained many of his personal affects.  Selina and Madalene generally shared the room across from that one and Edmund took the one beside that, when they were all in residence.  This left Georgiana with the option to choose from the bedrooms on the first floor.  She chose the room with French doors that opened onto the garden terrace, completely closed in by the stable on one side, guest house on the other and a tall row of shrubs, trees and wrought iron fence on the third side.  The footman and driver chose to bunk in the loft room above the stable.  Molly and Jenny chose bedrooms in the servants’ quarters near the kitchen.   They set about to unpacking Selina and Georgiana almost immediately.  The footmen brought in the trunks and other baggage.  Jenny would primarily prepare all meals while they were in London and Molly would take care of as many of the other duties as possible, including dressing both Lady Selina and Lady Georgiana, along with arranging their hair.
The ladies enjoyed tea on the terrace beneath the shade of parasols and a mature oak tree each morning and shopping in the late mornings or early afternoons for new gowns, shawls, shoes, parasols, gloves and bonnets.  Selina accompanied her on each excursion, eager to choose new items with which to fortify her own wardrobe.  The footman and driver proved to be patient in waiting near the coach for the ladies and assisting them with packages. 
After breakfast, Molly, on the very first morning in London, had insisted upon opening both sitting rooms as all of the furniture in the townhouse had previously been covered with linens.
“I don’t plan to receive any company,” Georgiana had said in an attempt not to put Molly to any extra labor than necessary as she tied the bow of her poke bonnet beneath her chin.  She was standing near an extravagantly framed mirror on the wall by the door of the upstairs sitting room.  
Molly would have none of it.  She was in her element, escorting two fine ladies to London as if it were the height of the Season.  She ripped another linen sheet off of a piece of furniture in the upstairs sitting room to reveal a cushioned chair with gilt legs and arms.  “Oh no, my Lady!  Ye must be prepared!  Remember, the Master said the Baron will be callin’ and uh, Miz what’s her name?”
“Ah, yes, Lord Cole Barrington and Lady Caroline,” Georgiana corrected, remembering.  “And most likely, the Viscount, Lord Maxwell ... ”
“It certainly will be nice to see the Baron,” Selina said wistfully as she pulled a glove on one hand and peered out of a long window to the street below.  Eager to begin the day, Selina added, “Let us commence with our walk to some of the nearby shops.” 
”It is a pleasure to finally meet you!”  Georgiana curtsied a few afternoons later.  She was feeling well prepared to receive guests in great part due to Molly, Simon and Jenny’s efforts to keep the house running smoothly.  They had dusted every object, polished the silver and washed the china, swept and mopped the floors, changed the bed linens, stocked the pantry and unpacked the trunks.  
She stepped forward to greet the young, well-dressed gentleman who entered the house on Cavendish Square.  She held out gracious hands which clasped Lord Cole Barrington’s after Simon had announced the guest.  She motioned him toward seating in the upstairs sitting room.  She had heard so many nice things about him that she felt she almost knew him already.  Madalene spoke of him rather like an uncle and Edmund, before they’d left Wellbrook Hall, had said he knew everything there was to know about horses, insects and all things boyish.  Selina seemed to perk up with interest whenever his name was mentioned.  He had been educated in agriculture at a fine university in Essex according to Nathaniel.  As the eldest son of a Viscount, he was titled a Baron and would inherit his father’s estate one day.   
They were seated on the two sofas facing each other across a low table for serving tea; he upon one and she, the other.   She had set her Bible aside on the sofa where she had been sitting, so he had chosen the other sofa.  Another sign of his proper etiquette and upbringing she noted.  She reached for the bell pull and rang for tea.  Molly appeared in a short while with a tray while they talked of the fine weather in the country, the charm and appeal of the village in Essex near both of them and how pleasantly the recent Season had passed in London.  
Georgiana poured the tea and passed Cole a cup without giving him an opportunity to turn her down.  “You must not refuse this cup of tea, even if you don’t plan to drink it.  You may be my only caller and it wouldn’t be right if I arrived and left London without pouring someone else a cup of tea.”
Cole laughed, “Yes indeed!  I can see why the Earl seemed so impressed to have you as a governess for Lady Selina.  Which, speaking of, where might she be hiding away today?”
Glad he had used his manners and not pointed out she seemed too young to be a governess, she answered him.  “She will be so disappointed to have missed you.  She has taken a stroll to the library with one of the maids as a companion.”  Georgiana found, after only moments in his presence, she liked him at once.  He was tall and lanky, about her own age, with lots of unruly blond curls atop his head.  He also had a boyish and kind disposition and smiled good-naturedly often.  
“Ah, I see.  I do hope you will give her my best regards.”
“Of course!  I will be happy to do so,” she promised.  She didn’t mention that she had sent Selina out to the library on purpose.  It wouldn’t do for her to be at home the first time a gentleman came calling on the Earl’s daughter.  Surely the young man had better things to do than pay anything but a customary call upon a governess he hadn’t ever met before.  He was merely doing his duty to look in on the interests of Lord Edwards.  “We’ve been out and about shopping quite a bit these past few days, preparing her for a coming out ball, soon perhaps.”
“Coming out ball!  She has grown so quickly!”  He seemed to sit up with some surprise.  “Seems like yesterday she was just a child ... she must be very pleased to be in London to do shopping then, as most young ladies are at about her age.  Edmund must be busy with his insect collection and Madalene is probably pushing Pickle about in her pram.”
Georgiana couldn’t help but laugh.  “They will be off to the seaside soon, with your father and family.”  He was such a good natured young man who growing up as a friend and neighbor, seemed to have taken a keen interest in the children of the Earl.  Her like of him was growing by leaps and bounds.  He was by no means the dandy she had expected to find after hearing how he had chosen to remain in London long after the end of the Season.  Traces of a wholesome boy from the English countryside lingered about this man who had an endearing face of both innocence and maturity.  One could not help but immediately like his character.  
“Have you had the opportunity to have made the acquaintance of my sister yet?”
“Lady Juliana?  Why yes, only briefly, and also Lord and Lady Barrington ... though we were at church, so we didn’t really have a moment beyond introductions.  I met so many new faces all at the same time.”
“Oh, yes, I see.”  He floundered in what next to say. 
“Your sister and family looked very well and in good health,” she added, helping the conversation along.
“Excellent!” he replied.  “The Earl mentioned in his letter that you plan to stay in London for a week and then on to visit your sister in Yorkshire.”
“Yes, that is true.  She is looking forward to my visit.  We’ve been apart since I was in France.”
“How are things there?” he inquired, sitting back on the sofa and sipping his tea, one leg crossed over and resting on his knee.
“Much the same as you have heard in the papers ... political unrest everywhere.  Travel is dangerous.”
“We are very glad you are safe here in England now, so long as our might and militia can hold off Napoleon’s forces, that is.”
“With God’s help, I believe we can,” she agreed.
The visit with the young Baron had gone well and he promised to return later in the week to call again, hoping to catch Lady Selina at home.  The next morning they had an early start shopping.  They meant to visit a seamstress on Bond Street, near Piccadilly, who had made dresses for Lady Selina before.  Shops in that area were generally high end and offered the very best in services.  The visit was not a mistake.  There, they were both able to order five new gowns each and several ball gowns each, including Selina’s coming out ball gown.  They would return for more fittings in a few days.  
They were exhausted afterwards and the coach made its way slowly through the narrow streets back to Cavendish Square where Jenny had a delicious supper ready and waiting.  They feasted on roasted turkey, cornbread stuffing, cranberry sauce and buttered peas.  Georgiana was so weary from the travel, shopping and fittings that she had only to lay her head on the pillow and she was asleep for a long afternoon nap.
She awoke to the sound of Molly sobbing.  She poked her head out into the hall to see where the sounds were coming from.  Molly was nowhere in sight.  She looked toward the garden and there spied Molly with her head down on the table under the oak tree, spasms shaking her body with each tear.  Georgiana decided to attempt to comfort her and immediately went to her side and sat down at the table.  
“Oh, m’lady, I didna’ mean for ye to find me like this!” she sobbed again and wrung her hands in her crisp, white apron.
“What’s the matter, dear?”
“I just can’t take it anymore.  I haven’t heard from Walter in so long ... I jus’ don’t understand why he don’t write tuh me.”
“Oh, Molly!  You must be beside yourself with worry.”
“Yes, ma’am I ‘tis.”
“If it’s all right with you, I will write to the Earl at once and see what can be done.  Surely there must be some explanation.”
“What if he’s ... ”
“He’s not Molly!  And if he is, then—then we’ll have to cross that bridge if we come to it.”
“I won’t have any hope left in the world if anything has happened to ‘im.  He’s all I’ve got, my Lady.  Me mum is dead an’ so is me fa’r.  I ‘ave no siblings ye see.  ‘e is all I ‘ave in this whole world, except an uncle I han’t laid eyes on in ye’rs.”
“Aye Molly, the good Lord knows.  He knows your situation.  He will make it all work out somehow.”  She placed a hand on Molly’s shoulder.  “The Earl will know what to do to get to the bottom of this.” 
“Y’er so strong, my Lady!  I should not be crying after all ye have been through with y’er Lady Margaret.”  Molly wiped her tears.  “If you can manage to be strong, then I can too.”
“That’s the good and right way, Molly!  We all have our trials to bare.  Chin up!  Why don’t you tell Jenny I’ve asked you to take the evening off?  You can have a nice cup of tea in your room and a nap. You’ve worked so hard to help us here in London.  You must be exhausted.  Lady Selina and I will be fine for a few hours.  We’ll see you tomorrow morning bright and early.  Go on now, take the evening off.”
“Are ye sure, my Lady?”  Molly blew her nose on her handkerchief and wiped her tears on her sleeve.
“Yes, off with you now.”  She must remember to write the Earl as soon as possible.
Lady Selina was a chatterbox that evening over their light dinner of clam chowder, a leafy green salad and biscuits with plum preserves and butter.  She was delighted to report the Baron had called during Georgiana’s nap.  She had entertained him properly, with Simon’s presence in the hall and the door open to the sitting room.  This greatly relieved Georgiana’s tension.  Yes, she had offered tea, poured it, offered sugar and cream, offered scones and kept the conversation moving along nicely without any uncomfortable silences.  She noticed Selina’s mood seemed much improved and made a note of that in her journal that evening after she’d spent time in reading the Bible and prayer.   
The next morning, they returned to Bond Street for fittings and stopped in at Hatchards to peruse the books for sale.  They made several selections and Selina hurried them both along, eager to return home to receive any possible callers, particularly, in the event the Baron called, Georgiana suspected.  Georgiana could have spent several hours at Hatchards had she not been weary from the fittings in the morning.  That afternoon, there was indeed, not one call, but three upon the house in Cavendish Square.  
The first was for Lady Georgiana, by Lady Caroline Sturbridge, upon receipt of a letter from Lord Edwards, who swept into the sitting room with a flourish and red hair tucked under a fashionable bonnet.  Georgiana, remembering the Earl had spoken highly of this new caller, hoped to gain her immediate friendship and enlist her help in all endeavors toward the end of Selina’s ultimate benefit.  She had already established the nature of her relationship with Lord Edwards.  He had defined her as a first cousin, the daughter of his deceased mother’s sister.
“It’s very kind of you to call upon us here at Cavendish Square,” Georgiana said warmly as she motioned her guest to the comfortable small sofas.  Simon had said Molly would bring tea up shortly, so she needn’t ring.  
“Wonderful of you to receive me,” she said, shedding her pelisse and then spreading the skirt of her gown about her as she sat down on one of the sofas.  “How is that cousin of mine?  He must be glad to be tucked away in the countryside.  London is dreadfully boring right now, though a few of my friends remain here year round.”
“Hopefully he is enjoying the seaside about now,” she answered, adding, “collecting seashells and spending time with the children.”
“Exactly as it should be!”  Lady Caroline smiled to think of it.  She removed her poufy cap bonnet with its floppy brim, tossing it beside the pelisse thrown over the back of the sofa.  “I’m so terribly glad you aren’t wearing a lace cap and spectacles.  Edwards said you were widowed, but you aren’t what I expected at all.  How refreshingly young and beautiful you are!”
“Why thank you!  I couldn’t bring myself to don a lace cap and don’t expect I ever will.  Lord Edwards works terribly hard ... nary a day passes that he isn’t shifting through endless stacks of letters and finding solutions for every problem that threatens to destroy our world.  I am very glad he is enjoying a seaside holiday.”
“I have excellent news to share, but you’ll be among the first to know as I haven’t written Nathan yet.  He will be happy for me I expect.”  She removed her gloves, and held out her left hand to reveal a large diamond ring on her wedding finger.
“Have you become engaged?”
“Indeed I have!  Sir Arthur Herbert and I shall be married during the month of April next.”
“How wonderful!  Spring is a lovely time for a wedding.  I offer my sincerest congratulations!  I do believe the Earl will be very pleased to hear such happy news.”
Simon stepped in with the tea tray Molly had prepared.  Georgiana poured and they settled into a comfortable conversation about the Earl’s parents, about Papa Duncan and France, about the decision to come to England and then, the progress of the Earl’s children.  Georgiana was able to discover Caroline was not a former love of the Earl but that they had always been good friends and cousins, often accompanying each other to and from London events to avoid a collision course with the marriage mart the Ton was known for.  Caroline chuckled when she shared that some mistakenly thought the Earl and she were ‘rather a couple.’  She shared that he had often saved her from many an unwanted beau. 
“How does Lady Juliana take it?”
Lady Caroline was so taken with laughter she had to set her teacup down.  “I can see the Earl has chosen exactly the right person as governess.  You don’t miss a thing—and I find that an absolutely admirable quality!  She has been tremendously rude when the Earl isn’t looking in her direction.  Terribly jealous!”   
“Somehow that surprises me not!  My guess is they are not as close as she would like them to be, though most of the staff has assumed otherwise.  It seems he hasn’t set her straight on the matter.”
“Nay and only those closest to him know the better.  I don’t think he has it figured out for himself,” Caroline said.
“Observation mode,” Georgiana noted.  
“Indeed.”  Caroline grinned mischievously.  She appeared to be a few years older than Georgiana.  She had a vivacious personality to match her red hair.
“Perhaps you can be of great assistance to me with regard to an endeavor for Lady Selina.”
“Of course,” Lady Caroline said as she sipped her tea.  “Anything for our Selina!  Where is she today?  I was hoping to see her.  How may I be of help?”
“She is preparing for one of our next callers, I suspect.”  It was Lady Georgiana’s turn to grin.
“Might I, dare I ask … ?”
“Lord Cole Barrington, the Baron of Rosewood Manor in Essex.”
“Ah!  Splendid!”
“You know him.  I am so thankful to hear that!  He is a suitable match then?”
“An excellent match!  He is perfect for Lady Selina!  Is he interested in her?”
“It would appear so, mildly perhaps.   I haven’t been able to measure the depth of his interest yet.  I think he considered her little more than a child, having grown up near her estate of course.  He seemed surprised to discover I am trying to make the arrangements for her coming out ball.  She will be seventeen soon.”  Georgiana poured more tea in their cups.
“Our Selina is growing up too fast!  My mother would be so pleased.  She is on an extended holiday of sorts, living in Scotland.  She hasn’t seen the Earl’s children in a few years.  She wasn’t well for a time and withdrew from everything to recover in the highlands.”
“I am sorry to hear that.  I would be delighted to meet her and bring the children to visit when she is recovered and perhaps conditions warrant a convenient situation to do so.”  
“So how exactly can I be of help?”
“Well, from talking to Selina, she is not a frivolous young lady.  Her feelings run very deep and she has been very attentive in our Bible studies and during the service at church.  I personally would like her coming out ball to be for a worthy cause and not simply an event that is an extravagant affair—which will mean little to Selina.  However, I’ve been in France for so long, I haven’t a clue of what charity to consider.  I’m also not certain of a location or venue.  Nor am I sure who should be included on the guest list.  She confided in me that she has no interest in being presented at court, which I think will surprise Lord Edwards.  She seems so happy and lighthearted each time Lord Barrington ... Cole, is mentioned.  I think the Earl will insist that she have a proper coming out ball, nonetheless, whether she is presented at court or not.”
“I see you have given this a great deal of thought!  The Earl will be so pleased.  I will be happy to pledge my full support.  Might I recommend we do not hold a coming out ball at Almack’s?  Since she isn’t keen on being presented at court, if she were to become engaged to say one ... neighborly Baron ... a small and elegant country setting with exactly the right sort of guests would be a huge success.  The Earl might not see the need for a grand soirée in London simply to find an eligible husband for his daughter.”  
“My thoughts concur!  Perhaps a solid courtship might result in swaying Lord Edwards to forego a lavish affair here in London.  Of course, I will need to consider more of Lady Selina’s wishes in this matter as this unfolds in the coming months.  She could change her mind a few hundred times an hour.  In any case, I somehow knew by the way the Earl described you that you would be exactly the one in whom I could confide and count upon to ensure the perfect occasion.  The Earl has been so concerned for her well-being.”  Georgiana breathed a sigh of relief.
“We simply have to come up with the right charity or cause to champion.  I’ll need to give that some thought and prayer.”  Lady Caroline’s facial expressions revealed that she was in deep thought.
Lady Georgiana sat back on the sofa facing her guest and new friend.  She was deeply thankful the good Lord had sent Lady Caroline Sturbridge along in her hour of need.  “Aye, we will both pray and keep our ears and eyes open for the right charity or cause to champion.  I think Lady Selina will find this to be more to her liking!  But let us agree to keep it to ourselves for the time being.  She will have a coming out ball, and she will certainly do it with more grace and style than the Earl could have ever have dreamt possible if the Lord will grant favor in this matter.”

Simon knocked on the door and entered the sitting room a little while later.  He brought a silver tray to Georgiana’s side with cards for two callers who were yet present in the foyer downstairs:  Lord Cole Barrington, Baron of Rosewood Manor and a Viscount, Lord Gerard Charles Maxwell. 
“Thank you and yes, do send them in, Simon.  Lady Caroline and I would be happy to receive them.  And if you would be so kind as to send Lady Selina in after that, please.  I would suggest we all retire to the garden and the terrace but the heat at this time of day is dreadful.”  Lady Georgiana snapped open her fan and rose to ring the bell for more tea.  Apparently, the gentlemen callers had arrived at about the same time.  She hoped Jenny or Molly would send a plate of scones up with Simon.


Chapter 13. 
 Rewards of Patient Longsuffering


Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering ...  Colossians 3:12, Authorized King James Version

As Georgiana laid her head upon her pillow that night, she considered the many events of the day, indeed the entire week, to warrant cause for thanksgiving to God.  She silently raised her prayers to Him.  She believed circumstances had conspired to render yet another turning point toward the healing of Selina’s heart and soul.  
For one, she had discovered the cause for the Baron to remain in London.  He had revealed during the course of conversation with Lord Maxwell, a bachelor of about the same age of the Earl who resided year round in Mayfair, that he had been seeking investors to raise capital to breed the finest of horses at the stables of Rosewood Manor—rather than to drain the accounts of “the Old Lady of Treadneedle Street.”  Georgiana knew this to be in reference to the Bank of England.  This seemed a worthy and satisfactory explanation and set her mind at further ease as to his character.  
Secondly, the young Baron had paid considerable attention to Lady Selina.  In fact, at one point he had offered his arm to her for a turn about the garden, despite the heat of the afternoon.  He had risen, bowed and kissed her hand when Selina entered the room, following her to be seated beside her in the two chairs near the elegantly draped windows.  He had in fact contributed little to the rest of the conversation in the room, sparing his words mainly for the Earl’s daughter, genuinely captivated with her for the duration of his visit.  Upon leaving, he had asked permission from Lady Georgiana to call again before their departure to Yorkshire, which she had granted.
She also discovered Lord Maxwell had been friends with the Earl for a number of years.  His news had been rather astonishing.  He had received a letter from the Earl written from the seaside.  Apparently, Lady Margaret was in fine health, the children were having a fabulous time and Ladies Georgiana and Selina were greatly missed.  However, Lady Juliana had taken ill with an ailment, not of a serious nature.  After two days, she had returned to Rosewood Manor with Lord and Lady Barrington, leaving the Earl and his party to holiday in peace.
“Yes, those were his exact words as I recall,” he said in response to Lady Caroline’s question.
Lady Georgiana had raised an eyebrow to the news but chose not to comment.  This was an interesting development indeed.  She wrestled with whether or not she should pray for the health of Lady Juliana as she reflected on this news.  I don’t wish any ill will upon Lady Juliana, Lord.
The next morning she rose early and took time to write a letter to Lady Margaret and one to the Earl.  She implored his aid in the matter of Molly and Walter; offered a dutiful but brief update on the events of the week, conveying that his daughter and she were safe, well and appreciative of all he had done to ensure a productive journey upon them.  Thankful they had no fittings to attend and no fashions or sketches to consult at the dressmaker; she accompanied Selina on a morning walk about Cavendish Square and admired the houses and townhomes.  She wore a lightweight spencer over her muslin gown, glad for the shade of her parasol.  It was decided they would walk a little further and spend the remainder of the morning at a nearby haberdasher to purchase trimmings of lace, braiding, ribbon and beads to refashion some of their hats and bonnets.  They also selected fabric to make into shawls using their own sewing expertise.
That afternoon, Lady Caroline surprised them by calling upon the townhome on Cavendish Square with the intention of introducing Georgiana to a few of her dearest Mayfair friends.  She expressed her desire to entice all ladies present into an excursion to Harding Howell & Company at number 89 Pall Mall, a visit which she promised would be like no other.
“It’s a very long building with four glorious departments!  I believe we should all spend our time at the millinery and the perfumery.”
“They are both housed in one building?”  Georgiana inquired as a group of ladies bubbling with conversation burst upon her in the upstairs sitting room.  Simon had barely finished announcing them and looked completely amused.  Georgiana was thinking of how diminished her perfume selection was and how beneficial such an excursion could be.
“Yes, we can shop for everything we want in one building!  An astounding establishment ... with fancy glazed partitions between the departments!  Wait until you see it!  You will enjoy the convenience of this new way of shopping.  There are furs and fans when you first walk in the entrance.  Then, a haberdashery with silk, muslin, lace and gloves ...  Next, jewelry ... oh and French clocks ...  Then, the millinery, the perfumery and dress shop!  Wait until you see!”  Lady Caroline explained excitedly.  “You won’t want to leave London!” 
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” Georgiana said, breaking into a smile.  “We do need to spend some time at the millinery and perfumery, though.”
“Indeed we do!”  Selina interjected.  “We haven’t purchased a single hat yet.”
“Well, when I awoke this morning, it occurred to me that we cannot have your departure of London happen without having met my most trusted circle of friends.  Lady Georgiana, allow me to introduce you to Lady Kathryn Frances.  We call her Lady Kate.  This is Lady Emily Belmore and this, is Miss Lydia Prescott.  Selina is well acquainted with my dearest friends, and now you are too.  We are always like this when we’re all together, spreading joy everywhere we go.  My carriage is waiting out front.  We’ve just enough room for everyone.  Shall we, ladies?”
“I’m very pleased to meet all of you.  What a delightful day this will be!  Let me get my bonnet and shawl.”  Lady Georgiana wondered what the day would hold.  Six ladies shopping and talking all at once!  This reminded her of youthful days gone by from finishing school in Paris.  Lady Selina was already off to her bedroom to find a hat. “We’ll just be a moment.”
  
On the last day of their stay in London, Selina was happy to spend her afternoon in the company of the Baron.  Georgiana felt she should give them a bit of privacy and found herself wandering about the Mayfair townhome.  The last fitting had gone well and their dresses would be delivered to Essex in a few weeks, giving them ample time to be finished properly.  The new hats in their hat boxes and trunks were packed.  The driver, Jeremiah, and Simon, were busy with a map spread out on the kitchen table downstairs, planning a route to the shire of York using the new highway connecting York to London.  
As she wandered about the various bedrooms upstairs, saying good bye to the memorable week, she was keenly aware she had been treated well by the servants in great part to her being a distant relation by her connection to Lady Margaret Colton.  Lady Caroline had embraced her as a mutually trusted friend of the Earl.  His letters had given her the finest of introductions into his world.  No ordinary governess would have been treated as well as she had been.  But then, seldom did ordinary things happen to her.  Her life had always been unique.  It was obvious to her that the servants and Nathaniel’s friends were following the express wishes of the Earl, for Lady Selina’s sake more than her own or any interest he may or may not have in her, and for the sake of heartfelt duty, perhaps.  
She was thankful for every kindness she had been shown.  There were still days when grief and loss threatened her mood but the many kindnesses of those around her in England had made things a great deal easier.  The Earl’s kindness and grace to her desire to not accompany the party going to the seaside still rather astounded her, as did the unexpected news concerning Juliana’s mysterious departure to Rosewood Manor.  She wondered if there was more to the story than what Lord Maxwell had divulged, but this too would remain a mystery for the time being, along with other things in life.
Ultimately she found herself reflecting upon these matters in the Earl’s suite, longingly sweeping a hand across the forest green, velvet bedspread and a fingertip along the cherry writing desk.  She picked up the Bible on the round table beside the reading chair near the fireplace and inspected the pages as if to know this man better.  
She had been treated with the highest regard, almost as if she were the mistress of the house.  Eventually, she supposed the Earl would marry someone and she might never again be given such lavish treatment.  She found she rather missed the company of Nathaniel as well.  The world she was in seemed to be of the kind one only dreamed.  He was handsome, strong, tall, stable, prosperous, kind, wise, sensible, protective, compassionate and intelligent.  Could she be falling in love so quickly?  Had she already forgotten her Benjamin?
“Ah, there you are my lady.” Simon found her sitting in the chair of the Earl’s bedroom.  “We have a most disturbing situation.  The Duchess of Arlington is waiting to see you in the first floor sitting room.  She insists upon an interview with you.  Rather barged her way past me and sat down on the sofa.  Says she is not leaving until she speaks to the lady of the house.”  Simon did not dare reveal that the Duchess of Arlington had also referred to the lady of the house as ‘that wretched former governess.’  None of it made any sense to him.  He thought it best to leave that part out.
Rising, she placed the Bible back on the table beside the chair.  “Truly?  A Duchess?  Downstairs? Demanding an interview with me?”  
Simon nodded, “Yes, m’lady.  I’ve never seen her before though, nor heard of her.”
She crossed to the windows facing the front street and peered outside at the carriage and footmen in livery waiting outside below.  “Hmm.  You’ve never heard of her before?  Well then, it must not be someone we need to see immediately and I’m really not feeling up to what sounds like it will be hostile in nature.  Tell the Duchess I am indisposed, taken ill ... whatever you like.  The Earl didn’t mention this person as someone I should receive.  I think it best, given her demands—that we don’t give in to such snobbery.”  
“Yes, ma’am,” Simon said, “I’ll do me very best, m’lady.”
A few minutes passed, the sitting room door slammed and the front door opened.  A few moments later, Georgiana watched the well-dressed Duchess wearing a fashionable spencer, three layers of ruffles at the bottom of her dress and an ostentatious hat, climb into her carriage with assistance from a footman, looking rather ruffled herself.  The carriage pulled away as Simon entered the room again.
“How did that fair?” she inquired.
“Very disturbing!  She demanded to see you again, refused an interview with Lady Selina, began to barge her way toward the stairs and unfortunately, I had to stand in the way to block her.”
“What happened then?”
“I had to tell her you were taken ill,” Simon cleared his throat and coughed uncomfortably, “in the Earl’s bedroom, m’lady.”
“You’ve done well, Simon!  I simply cannot be an audience to someone with such ill manners.”  Lady Georgiana tried to hide her amusement but burst into laughter.  So did Simon.  The incident was disturbing indeed and there was little they could do about any of it.
“I’ll be in the garden, Simon.  I’m going to need some fresh air,” she said.  “I have no idea how I’m going to explain this to the Earl.”
“You look like you could use some tea.  Shall I bring a tray out?”
“That would be lovely.  Thank you.” 
There remained one thing Lady Georgiana was of a mind to accomplish before her departure from Cavendish Square and London.  Lady Caroline had been instrumental in the matter and as this was there last evening in London, they must make haste.  When Lord Barrington had taken his leave, after promising to write to Selina, they had an early dinner of baked salmon with a cream sauce, boiled potatoes, corn relish, yeast rolls and baked carrots with sliced onions.  Jenny had also made a rice pudding for dessert.  
After they had enjoyed the delicious meal, she insisted Selina put on a shawl and bonnet and climb into the coach for a surprise journey to southeast London.  The coach had to pass through Cheapside.  The cobbled streets became narrower, louder and darker the further they progressed.  A terrible stench nearly suffocated them at one point.  Selina’s eyes grew wide with concern when she heard a man singing slurred words, obviously in his cups.  As the coach rolled along, she looked out the window of the coach and took in the despicable sights and smells of the wrong side of town.  
They clung to the seat when the coach took a few sharp turns and both ladies grew a little apprehensive when a stranger waved a cup at the windows asking for any shillings they could spare.  The whip cracked, lurching forward and away from the man waving the tin cup.  A little while later they witnessed a glimpse of a brawl at the door steps of an inn and further down a few more crowded streets, a pair of street urchins huddled against the brick wall of an alley wearing ragged clothing, worn shoes and sporting waif-like appearances and gaunt faces.  
Georgiana watched Selina’s face change as they drove through congested areas until finally the coach pulled to a rest in front of St. Mary’s Orphanage & Workhouse, an imposing church building completely surrounded by tall brick walls and wrought iron gates at the entrance.  Selina was surprised to see they had been expected and the gates were opened by two keepers with lanterns.  The gates were immediately closed and locked after the coach passed under a beige stone arch matching the church walls and found themselves surrounded by more beige stone walls surrounding the lot on which the building rested.  There was a good stretch of lawn, a few trees and shrubs, a birdbath and slate gray stone steps leading to double doors.
The coach stopped beneath the port-cochére.  A kind and humble bishop granted them entrance at a side door.  “Welcome to St. Mary’s.  We are very glad you could come and always thankful when someone takes an interest in our mission to provide aid to the poor and impoverished; those less fortunate than we are.”
Lady Selina nodded, speechless as the bishop held up a lantern and led the way down a dark corridor.  Georgiana replied as she lifted the skirts of her gown and followed, “Thank you for taking the time to show us this very important and great work you do, Bishop Hastings.”
“Right this way, ladies,” he said, wasting no time as he led them down the corridor.  He answered all of Georgiana’s questions.  Compared to other workhouses, he pointed out this mission was exceptional in that it was kept very clean and tidy.  “Most are not anywhere near as fortunate as we,” he explained.
He gave them a tour of the chapel first.  Then he showed them the workhouse with spinning wheels and carding areas for children to work with wool and flax.  They also toured the outdoor areas consisting of a large, wood-chopping area and a vegetable garden where they attempted to grow as much of their own food as possible.  “Some of the fresh vegetables are sold at market,” he explained.  “Much of what we grow is for our own needs in feeding the orphans housed here.”  
All of these operations were maintained by the orphans and workhouse registrants.   Then he took them to a large basket weaving room, and next, several of the sleeping halls upstairs lined with approximately twenty beds to a room.  They must have walked past at least a hundred beds.  
“Each child has one change of clothes and one pair of shoes,” he noted.  Lady Selina had tears in her eyes as she listened intently and observed everything the bishop showed them.    
They walked down another corridor and entered the dining room where the children were finally sitting down to eat a dinner of thin lentil and potato soup, a plate of greens with radishes and warm bread after a long day of work.  Breakfast was usually gruel but once a week, bacon and griddle cakes.  He explained the mid-day meal usually included an apple and more vegetables or bread and meat supplied by the generosity of those who supported the mission.  
He showed them the school room where they were permitted to attend school for two or three hours of educational instruction before a long day of hard labor, usually another six hours.  He explained that it was very unusual for orphans to be able to attend school at all.  Most workhouses do not offer such an opportunity.  Yes, they were in need of more books, slates, pencils and paper.  They were in need of more financial support and donations to keep their doors open and not have to turn anyone away.  Someday, he hoped they would have enough community support to expand and open another location. 
Selina and Georgiana thanked Bishop Hastings at the end of the tour.  He escorted them back down the two long corridors and out the side door to the coach where Simon and Jeremiah waited patiently for them.  
“Such dreadful conditions!”  Selina exclaimed, wrapping her shawl tightly about her shoulders.  It had become chilly under the cloak of evening.
As the ladies settled into the comfortable seats of the coach, Lady Georgiana replied, “Yes, it is ... and that is actually considered among the best of all the orphanages London has to offer.  Some are so filthy and horrid you wouldn’t be able to tour them.  Some have sickness, disease and such terrible and bleak conditions ... vermin ... nothing like what you witnessed this evening.  Most do not offer any type of education and the workload can be very taxing.  Many people die in those situations.”
Selina’s mouth dropped open.  “I had no idea; though I’ve heard of orphanages.  Until one goes to see such a place, one can’t know how truly blessed we are.  And those two paupers we saw in the alley ... I can’t help but wonder when they last time is they had a decent meal.”
She would have to remember to write Lady Caroline a note of thanks for arranging the tour of St. Mary’s Orphanage & Workhouse with Bishop Hastings.  Lady Caroline Sturbridge was beginning to prove a reliable friend indeed.

Chapter 14.  
Elizabeth & the Shire of York

I will love thee, O Lord, my strength.  Psalm 18:1, Authorized King James Version
Yorkshire
Daniel, Noah, Wesley and Josiah had matured since her visit with Benjamin to see them.  Rosalie was shy and sweet, almost four years old.  Everything had changed.  Elizabeth and her husband had done a fine job of maturing the boys.
The journey had taken nearly three days but they’d spent each evening at an inn along the way and stopped frequently to rest.  The coach sped through Hertfordshire and much of Bedfordshire the first day.  The next day, the coach went over many a bumpy road as they travelled through Northampton, Leicester and some of Nottingham.  On the third day they finally entered county York.  Georgiana tried to prepare Selina and the maids for meeting her sister’s family, warning them cautiously about four rambunctious boys.  
The drive was long and there was little else to do other than read or attempt needlework in a coach that sometimes jostled the four ladies in spite of the new highway.  Much of the journey had been hot and dusty.  When the coach pulled up to the front door of her sister’s rural home on the outskirts of the city of York, they were ever so glad.  
Beth had embraced her for what seemed forever.  “Bonjour!  Ma souer, ma souer!” ¹  She held her hands up to Georgiana’s face and said, “At long last, you are here!  Let me look at you ‘Georgie!’  It’s been too long ... too long!  Thank the Lord above you are on English soil and safe at last!”  
Georgiana laughed and beamed.  It was truly good to see her sister standing there before her on the spacious, covered front porch to the house.  Beth was thankful for the extra servants who had accompanied them and set about making everyone feel at home at once.   She asked a parlor maid to lead Jenny and Molly to the servants’ quarters while she led her sister and charge to two spare bedrooms upstairs.  Simon and another footman from among the Hadley staff brought in trunks and soon, Beth’s ladies’ maid had them unpacked.
Lady Selina was welcomed as if she had been Georgiana’s own daughter.  Richard, Sir Hadley, wearing breeches tucked into tall dark boots and a long brown overcoat and crisp white linen shirt, was beaming to see their happiness.  He had made apparent strides in the discipline of his boys and they appeared to be in the process of becoming fine young men.  She hoped this visit would be much more tolerable and remained neutral and observant, hoping for the best in this regard.  They were sure they had seen the boys learning to repair a fence on the way up the long drive to the house as they passed by several barns and sheds, circled around a stone well and eventually pulled to a stop near the front porch.  Selina thought how much Edmund would have enjoyed meeting them as the boys dropped their tools to make their way to the porch to greet the coach, abandoning a servant attempting to school them in the ways of sheep farming.
The Hadley’s lived in a comfortable country manor with a few servants, on a comfortable income.  There were chickens, horses, cows and sheep in pens near the barns ... and sheep wandering on hills and meadows.   A noisy goose and her babies had the run of the yard, retreating towards a pond some distance from the porch when anyone walked through the front yard.  When the inhabitants had been deposited at the steps to the porch, Jeremiah, riding atop the coach in the driver’s seat with Simon at his side, wearily pulled the coach around to the side of the manor as directed by Sir Hadley.  There he drove under a massive stone arch and into a courtyard running along the rear of the house with more barns, sheds, stables and clacking chickens running amuck.      
Sir Hadley had shoulder-length, dark hair and tan, leathery skin from spending a good deal of his time managing the affairs of his estate.  It was considerably smaller than Bridesgate Park and with fewer resources and less help; thus, he kept very busy despite having four sons.  They were still rather young to be of much assistance but they were learning, and so was Sir Hadley.  He had finally learned to keep his boys equally as busy learning about various aspects of farming when they weren’t studying under the guidance of a strict tutor.  As it was summer, the boys had no lessons.  Georgiana told herself she would stay for three days, maybe four, depending on how the visit went.  She loved her sister dearly but she hoped the behavior of her nephews would not fray her nerves entirely.  She also had Lady Selina to consider.
Elizabeth had two spare bedrooms readied for her guests and a hearty stew which had been prepared by her cook.  One thing about Elizabeth’s cook, she was the best in ten counties!  They would certainly eat well while in Beth’s household.  Her nephews and niece were amazingly well-behaved during dinner, listening with great interest to all the adults discussed.  Beth, Lady Hadley, was efficient as a hostess and knowing they were weary travelers, managed to usher them upstairs to rest.  All further visiting could wait until her guests had a good night’s sleep in her opinion, for which Georgiana was extremely thankful.  After dinner, Selina and Georgiana were additionally thankful for hot baths and clean sheets on comfortable beds.  She fell asleep and despite an odd feeling that there were no bumps, bouncing or views of barns and farmhouses, she dreamt the bed was moving on endless roads.
 The next morning, Lady Selina was attended by Jenny and Lady Georgiana, by Molly.  Molly tried a new and fashionable hairstyle on Georgiana from something she’d seen in a newspaper advertisement while they were in London.  Georgiana rather liked it but urged her to look in on Jenny, since ordinarily Jenny functioned in the role of a kitchen maid and not a hairdresser.  “Perhaps you could see if she needs any help and make certain Lady Selina is pleased with whatever Jenny has been able to provide in the way of a hair style.”
“Yes, my Lady, I’ll look in on ‘em,” Molly promised.  “Jenny plans to help in the kitchen today ‘til needed.”
“Thank you.  That sets my mind at ease.  I’m certain Lady Hadley’s cook has her hands full with all of these extra mouths to feed.”
“I promised to make up the beds in both rooms an’ tidy up, ‘n lay out an’ iron clean frocks for ye and Selina before dinner.”
“Excellent.  That will take some of the weight off of Elizabeth’s other house servants.”
Georgiana and Selina thoroughly enjoyed the next few days.  They were filled with all sorts of happy memories, which meant changing into dresses for morning, afternoons and dinner.  Large breakfasts with the whole family around the formal dining room table, morning walks in the garden where they found long stem fresh flowers to make summer bouquets in vases to spread about the house and afternoon horseback rides through scenic meadows.  They had a picnic outing one day and swam in the pond when it was exceedingly hot another afternoon.  Evenings were filled with hearty, four and five course meals with cook’s excellent cooking, followed by musical evenings of dance and song.  Elizabeth played lively tunes on the piano with Sir Hadley turning the pages of her sheet music while everyone else danced quadrilles until they were too tired to do anything else.   
Selina thoroughly enjoyed all of the activities and got along amazingly well with all of the boys.  She was especially delighted to receive a letter from Cole on their second day in Yorkshire and a letter from her father on the third.  She contented herself to write in her diary each day and to write a lengthy letter of response to her Baron and another to her father.  There was also a letter for Georgiana from the Earl, but she tucked it into the pocket hidden in her gown to read when she was alone. 
Elizabeth and Georgiana found plenty of time to have long chats with refreshing lemonade on the hottest afternoons in the shade of the porch.  They enjoyed tea in Beth’s sitting room and talked about nearly everything.
“The boys have matured so much since I was here last.”  Georgiana stabbed her needle through the sampler in the hoop she was stitching.  They were seated in comfortable chairs beside a little round table functioning as a sewing table and a place to set a tea tray between them.  They were happily situated in the sitting room facing the front porch where they could keep an eye on all of the comings and goings of the household as well as see out into the hall near the front entrance.  The gray stone house stayed fairly cool indoors and the heavy drapes provided more insulation from the glare of the summer sun.  The drapes were tied back on each side of the windows, revealing sheer lace panels which flowed to the floor, allowing some light in the room for sewing.  Along the length of the front porch, the scent of the lilac shrubs and large stone pots with bunches of stems of English heather, like that of the northern moors, occasionally wafted in through the windows and doors; doors which were constantly opened with a steady stream of children coming and going.  
“Indeed, aye, they have grown and matured.”  It was nice to hear Beth’s voice.  She hadn’t realized how much she missed that. “I’ve a letter from Uncle Henri.  He seems busy and well.”  
“I’m glad to hear he is well.  I haven’t seen him in a long time, but I do write to him from time to time.”  Georgiana paused to thread her needle.  “I don’t know how you manage with so many children.”  
“It wasn’t easy at first.  Some days I almost gave up and packed my belongings.  I was ready to return to France several times.  You know Daniel and Noah were a little obstinate when their mother had passed away and then a few years later Richard married me!  They didn’t have enough structure or love in their lives.  They needed a mother, but they weren’t ready for a stepmother for some time long after we married.  With a lot of prayer, they gradually grew to understand they had more love in the end and not less.”
“You’ve done remarkably well with them.  They really seem to have embraced you.  I guess I’ve just always thought of all of them as your very own biological children.  They seem to accept each other as siblings and the boys call you Mama.” 
“Yes, but it wasn’t always so.  It sort of happened naturally, over time, little by little.”  Beth held up the tiny, lavender dress she was hemming for Rosalie to view her progress.
“It’s lovely Beth,” Georgiana said, pausing from her own sewing to admire her work.  “You always did sew well!”
“I think it was great therapy for me after Mama and Papa ...” her voice trailed off.  There was no need to finish the sentence.  Georgiana knew what she meant. 
“Rosalie will be the best dressed girl in all of Yorkshire.” 
“If I have anything to do with it, she certainly will be.”  Beth tilted her head to one side as she resumed sewing the stitches for the hem.  “Lady Selina adores you.”
“How can you be certain?”
“She watches everything you say and do.”
“I hope I can live up to all of the Earl’s expectations in that regard.”
“You will ... and more.  I have a deep down sort of knowing.”  Beth, smiling, tilted her head to one side to look at her sister, the lace and thin streams of ribbon on her matronly cap following her movement. 
Georgiana kept her eyes fastened to her stitching.  She wasn’t going to discuss the Earl with her sister.  It was far too early and there was really nothing to tell or share.  As much as her heart wondered and hoped a future with the Earl was the will of the Lord, she felt she should chasten herself to the strictest of silence on the matter.
Beth must have surmised Georgiana had little to say from the firmly closed mouth and look on her sister’s face.  “I just want to encourage you to ... well, oh never mind.  Every situation is vastly different than the next.  You are such a beautiful and fine lady.  I don’t think you will ever have to be lonely.  Some fine gentleman somewhere will capture your heart, if one hasn’t already.”
Georgiana, keeping her head bent down over the hoop containing the sampler, did not reply; although Beth detected a slight smile at the corner of her tightly closed lips which spoke volumes.  It was all Beth needed to see to know her sister was indeed going to be more than well-cared for.  She would be loved, hopefully soon.  Or at least Beth hoped so.  She did not want her sister’s heart broken.  Georgie, as she sometimes called her, was too young, too beautiful and too lovely in nearly every respect to remain a widow for long.







Chapter 15. 
 Nieces & Nephews


The Lord hath done great things for us; whereof we are glad.  Psalm 126:3, Authorized King James Version

On what was to be their fourth day in Yorkshire, Rosalie fell ill of a fever accompanied by a bad cough.  Georgiana could not bring herself to leave under the circumstances.  She penned a letter to the Earl immediately explaining the delay in their departure.  She needed to be certain of Rosalie’s recovery.  
She took Selina aside into her bedroom after a discussion with Beth and asked her not to spend any further time in close proximity to Rosalie.  “Not just for your sake, my dear, but that of your father.  If anything happened to you, I would never be able to explain it.  Please do take good care of yourself and do not fall ill.”
“I promise to keep a safe distance.  Though I cannot bear to see little Rosalie suffer, as I feel the same as you, should we not then leave rather than risk our health, too?”
“Not until I’m certain it isn’t dreadfully serious,” Georgiana replied flatly.
“What then?  What if it is very serious?”
“If ‘tis serious, we’ve probably already been exposed.  We must pray for the best outcome.  For my sister’s sake, I want to remain in Yorkshire until I know Rosalie is going to pull through this.  I want to do everything in my power to assist Elizabeth.  For one, she has been up all night with a sick child and she must be terribly exhausted.  Maybe there are some small things I can do to provide her with additional comfort and support.  Rosalie needs her mother’s full attention at the moment, but there are all these boys to tend to.  I’m afraid she’s neglected them a little in order to visit with me during much of these past few days.”
“Yes, I agree Lady Georgiana.  We should help your sister in absolutely any way we can,” Selina agreed staunchly, squaring her shoulders in a resolute manner to provide her assistance.  “What can I do?” 
“Well, with all of this rain we’re having today, could you play an indoor game of sorts and read a story to the boys?  Try to find things for them to do that are quiet in nature so Rosalie can have plenty of undisturbed rest and recover as quickly as possible.”
“Yes.  I’ll do my best.  I’ll read Bunyan’s Pilgrim’s Progress to them.  Later in the day we could explore some artistic pursuit perhaps, and they’ll all want a lie down after dinner before supper.”
“An excellent plan, Selina.  I’m certain Molly will assist you.  Now I’m going to say some prayers for Rosalie and then I’m going to find Sir Hadley to have him send someone to fetch a doctor.”
     Georgiana felt much better when she had prayed and when the doctor had been to inspect Rosalie.  The doctor seemed hopeful but vague.  His prognosis was encouraging, but he could not be for certain that his diagnosis was correct.  He thought it was some strain of influenza, found no indication of a rash, and hoped by the time the fever broke, she would return to normal in a few days.  
She brought fresh water and linens to Elizabeth, who remained at her daughter’s bed side all day, despite exhaustion from having been awake through the night with a whimpering child.  Georgiana finally convinced her to lie down for a few hours in the late afternoon, albeit reluctantly, and took her sister’s place beside Rosalie.  She did her best to keep her frail niece cool, comfortable and restful.  She offered a plea for the child throughout the afternoon.  Dear Lord, she is so young and frail.  Please, heal this child.
Jenny brought a tray upstairs to Rosalie’s bedroom with chicken broth, hot tea and fresh water.  Georgiana spoon fed a little of the broth to the child when she awoke, rearranging her pillows to aid her in sitting up and kept a cool compress of linen cloths on her forehead.  When Rosalie kicked her quilt off of her bed, Georgiana followed her instinct and allowed the child to sleep beneath only the top sheet.  Hadn’t the doctor said to keep her comfortable?  Her niece fell back to sleep and all she could do was to pray and keep replacing the compresses for cool, fresh ones every so often.  Richard checked in on them twice and both times said Elizabeth, completely worn out, was still sleeping.  
By evening, the fever broke and Georgiana knew they were finally out of danger.  She rang the bell pull and Molly appeared a short while later.
“Her fever broke,” she said, relief in her voice.  “Would you please wake my sister and find Sir Hadley?”
“Thank the Lord above who answers our prayers!  Yes, m’lady!”  Molly beamed as she left to awaken Lady Hadley.
“Indeed, He does wondrous things!”  
  
The Following Evening
“Georgie, why not stay a few more days?  You’ve been such a tremendous help to me.  There is a dance at The Assembly Rooms in York this coming Tuesday evening.”  A footman placed a salad of cucumbers and tomatoes in front of Lady Hadley after the first course of a vegetable beef and barley soup.
“Yes Aunt Georgiana, we’d like you to stay a little longer,” Noah said with a grin on his fourteen year old face.  “Mother said if you stay, we can escort you and Lady Selina to see The Country Girl at the Theater Royale.”
“Oh, how exciting!”  Lady Selina perked up from her seat beside Josiah.  Turning to her governess eagerly, “Could we?”  
Georgiana tilted her head as she considered the invitations mentioned.  Well, she did have her olive green silk and her other new gowns from Paris with her.  Before she could respond, Daniel chimed in.
“There are also some officers from the Calvary Barracks with whom Father invited to sit beside us at the performance,” he added, trying to appear nonchalant.  At sixteen, he tried to sound more mature than his brothers.  Besides, he hoped it would impress Lady Selina.  Not that he had any romantic interest in her.  He simply enjoyed his position as the eldest son in the Hadley family.  “You would have liked Madame Tussaud’s wax display.”
“Mama, why can’t Josiah and I go along?” Wesley asked. “We’re old enough to sit still.”
“Oh no, young man, you and Josiah are not old enough yet,” Sir Hadley announced firmly as he reached for a pepper shaker.  “Eat your salad and then you may have some kidney pie.”
“Yes, Sir,” Wesley said, looking down at his plate dejectedly.
“Eight-years old is far too young to attend an event such as this, Wesley,” Elizabeth said gently.
“That means I don’t stand a chance!”  Josiah’s fork clanked against his plate and he crossed his arms over his six-year old chest.  A most amusing and defiant pout protruded his lower lip.  He was thinking how much he hated being told to eat his greens.  He also wondered how long he and his brother would have to wait to attend the theater or a dance and be invited to see the Barracks.  
Georgiana struggled to hide her amusement and when she had recovered, added, “I would certainly like to take all of the boys along on an outing to the New Walk along the River Ouse.  Perhaps we could view some of the fine architecture York has to offer after our walk and peruse a book store and a linen-draper shop?”  Georgiana looked directly at her younger nephews.  They had behaved so well this time, all of them.  She had endeared them to her heart on this visit.
Josiah looked up, hope spreading across his face.  He decided he really liked Aunt Georgie a whole lot.  She had helped with Rosalie and actually paid attention to him when everyone else was too busy.  He held his breath to see what Father might say.
Sir Hadley looked at Elizabeth and she nodded and smiled, her eyes lighting up with great pleasure at this prospect.  Her heart was in tangles trying to tell her youngest boys they couldn’t attend the performance at the theater, or the ball at The Assembly Rooms.  How much they would enjoy a day in York and a walk along the river with their aunt! 
“I don’t see why not.  We could spend Wednesday in York, that is if it’s all right with your Aunt Georgiana.”
“It sounds delightful!”  Georgiana agreed as a footman took her salad and set a slice of kidney pie with golden brown, flaky crust before her.  “I will write Selina’s father this evening and explain our plan ... and my mother-in-law.  She sent a letter today though I have yet to read it.  I wonder how she is enjoying the seaside or if they have returned to Bridesgate Park by now?”  





Chapter 16.  
Calico Chronicle


Nehemiah 8:10, Authorized King James Version 
10 Then he said unto them, Go your way, eat the fat, and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared: for this day is holy unto our Lord: neither be ye sorry; for the joy of the Lord is your strength. 

“Welcome home my ladies,” Bradley said as he opened the front doors of Wellbrook Hall.  Several footmen unloaded trunks from the coach.  Edmund slid down the last half of the bannister, followed by Madalene.  Laughing and smiling, they jumped off the rail near the end of the staircase, arms open wide to greet Selina and Georgiana.  Nathaniel and Lady Margaret, beaming to see them return home safe and sound, hung back to give them a chance to embrace the children first. Molly and Jenny bobbed and nodded in the direction of the Earl and Lady Margaret, slipping in the front doors behind them.  They went around the group and began carrying items up the staircase, enjoying the welcome from some of the staff who were on hand to help welcome them as well.  The three-story high foyer was an echo of joyous and warm greetings. 
“You’re back!” Edmund said, giving them both a proper hug.  He spied the cat trying to come in the house and bent down to scoop Pickle into his arms.  
“We’ve missed you terribly!  You should see all the shells we found at the ocean!”  Madalene said as she threw her arms around Georgiana’s neck when she knelt down to greet her.
“We had a wonderful time but it is so good to be home!” Selina declared, embracing her father, her face glowing with happiness.  The Earl looked very pleased to see his daughter filled with so much joy.  He hadn’t seen her like this for far too long.  She was the picture of good health and fluttering about the foyer as if she were dancing on a cloud.  It was obvious to all that the journey with Georgiana had worked wonders.
“Bonjour!  It is so very good to have you both home!”  Lady Margaret said, embracing the young ladies when her turn came.  When Georgiana finally had a moment to hug her mother-in-law, Lady Margaret said, “Let me look at you!  Ah, you look very well indeed, perhaps a little tired from the journey.   I enjoyed your letters!”
“All two or three of them?”  Georgiana chuckled sheepishly.  “I wish I’d have been able to write more often.  You look well, ma mère!  The seaside has much improved your health!”  
“Yes, it was!  You must accompany us next time,” Lady Margaret remarked.
“Did you receive my letter?” Edmund asked Selina.
“Why yes I did!  I admit—I was stunned Edmund, having never had a letter from you before.  Have you not received my reply yet?”
Edmund grinned and said, “Not yet ...  Bradley will keep an eye out for your reply.  It should arrive in tomorrow’s mail coach if you mailed it on your last day in Yorkshire.” 
Finally, the Earl was before her.  Georgiana froze, not sure whether to curtsey or embrace him.  He had stepped forward and embraced her before she could decide.  Her heart seemed to skip and leap several beats.
“You must be longing to rest after such a long journey,” he was saying.
Why did it feel so good to be there in his arms?  Standing in his foyer?  Could it be that she really did finally feel she was home?  Had the journey strengthened and endeared Wellbrook Hall and Nathaniel and his children even deeper into her heart as home?
“Not until we give you our gifts, Papa,” Selina said, stopping one of the footmen as he carried in the very packages she had spoken of.  “And then I’m going to sleep for a week!”
“Yes, I’m sure you will, for a day or two at least.  Now you know why I am so weary when I travel,” Nathaniel said to his daughter.
“They are at the age where they finally begin to understand what their parents are going through,” Lady Margaret remarked as she grasped her cane. 
“This is for you, Monsieur,” Georgiana said playfully, taking the top package from the footman’s arms and placing it directly in the arms of Nathaniel.  He laughed and began opening it at once.
“And this is for you, Edmund,” Selina said, taking the next package from the footman and handing it to her brother.  Edmund smiled shyly and accepted it with a look of complete surprise, much like the one Nathaniel Edwards wore.
“This is for Maddie Muffin,” Georgiana said, her eyes sparkling to see Maddie’s eyes light up.
“Lady Margaret, this one is for you.” Selina handed her the last package.
“This is exactly what I needed.  A new cravat and shirt!  You’ve saved me a great deal of trouble ... and in the latest style I see.”  Nathaniel looked both surprised and happy.  
“Do you like the navy blue and burgundy colors together?”  Selina asked.  “We thought they looked very smart!”
“An excellent combination!” 
“What a lovely poke bonnet!  Oh, it’s just perfect!  What have we here?  And a new lace cap!  How did you know I’ve been longing for these very items?”  Lady Margaret asked, wide eyed with amazement.
“We had a hunch,” Georgiana replied, her eyes dancing to see their surprised faces.
“Very nice riding gloves,” Edmund said, trying the gloves on.  “A perfect fit ... and I especially like the book about horses.  Thank you!”
“A new dolly!  A new dolly! Oh she is just lovely ... thank you!  I will name her ... umm ... uh ... I know … Celia Jane.  That’s it!  Celia Jane.  We’ll go for a stroll and she can ride in the pram with Cassandra.”  Maddie was immediately taken with the doll she was swirling about the foyer.
“Oh and this is for you also, my Lord,” Georgiana said, handing one last package to the Earl.
“Feels rather like a book.”  He unwrapped the brown paper to reveal the title.  “A Tour in Ireland by Arthur Young!  Ah, a good choice!  We have quite a bit of Irish ancestry and influence on my mother’s side, something I’m very proud of.”
“Lady Selina mentioned that,” she responded warmly.
“Wait ‘til you see what we brought you!”  Madalene looked exuberant.  She ran to the sitting room to their right and returned momentarily with two packages for each of them.
They opened them standing, as it felt rather nice to be out of the coach that had kept them cooped up for several days.  Selina opened a lavender silk scarf with fringe and Georgiana, a shawl made entirely of white lace.  They were delighted by their gifts and thanked everyone several times.  
“Now, off with you to your rooms.  I insist you both get some proper rest,” Lady Margaret said.  “I hear the new highway is complete from London to York which makes it a much nicer journey than it was before, but traveling south to Essex couldn’t have been as pleasant.  I’m certain you must both be tired.”
“Indeed we are,” Georgiana could not agree more as she and Selina climbed the staircase wearily.  She had the oddest feeling she was forgetting something, but she couldn’t remember what it was and was far too tired to care much.    
All she knew was that it felt very good to crawl between the clean sheets of her very own bed, in her very own room, that was not moving or jostling her about as if she were a wave in the sea.  Laura Doddmire, the parlor maid, had helped her out of her gown and chemise and into her nightgown, giving Molly and Jenny a chance to rest.  
Georgiana had purposely draped the lovely shawl across the empty pillow beside her.  The white lace reminded her of the secret fitting she’d managed to accomplish while in London where she had acted on faith and ordered what would become, she hoped and believed, a suitable wedding gown one day.  She did not know when, how, where or even with whom.  If not the Earl, perhaps one of the fine Calvary officers who had urged her to dance with them at The Assembly Room in York, in spite of the fact she had insisted Sir Hadley and Beth introduce her as Lady Colton, wanting very much to give the impression she was married.  
She really hadn’t met anyone of interest, though swarms of fine, young officers and enlisted soldiers had been in attendance at the theater and the dance.  Though she had danced with two officers to appease the urgings of her sister, she had enjoyed the dancing with her nephews more.  Her heart had not become in anyway attached to any of the gentlemen presented to her in York.  She had surprised herself again, realizing she had become attached to the Earl, in spite of his intentions to the continually elusive Lady Juliana.  Perhaps it was foolish of her.  She closed her eyes, trying to drift into much needed sleep.  Would further thoughts of the Earl lead only to a broken heart?  Would the Lord withhold from her everyone she had truly loved?  Surely, knowing His loving nature, He would not.  She had to hold onto that.  Some good would eventually come her way.
And then she heard the still small voice:  There shall be a handful of corn in the mountain tops, the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon.
Since leaving France, she had been on British soil for a month and one week ...  having spent about two weeks in Essex settling in, a week in London, followed by the week in Yorkshire.  In addition, she’d spent a little more than a week traveling, where she’d already toured a good portion of the nation from the windows of a coach.  As she drifted off to sleep she whispered prayers of thanksgiving to the Lord above for bringing her safely home.  This is home for now and I shall be thankful in it.  I shall patiently wait to see what will happen, she declared to her own heart.  Five weeks in England and more than a year of mourning in France seemed a dreadfully long time to be alone, but she was learning to cultivate the fruit of patience.  She was finally learning to be content in all circumstances.
         The next week remained mostly uneventful.  Lessons resumed in music, French and Bible, leaving the majority of each day to enjoy leisurely pursuits.  Another week passed after that and the dresses they had purchased in London arrived.  When she found a moment alone in her bedroom suite, Georgiana tried on every gown.  She was delighted to finally have a truly complete wardrobe, including one gown she particularly cherished; the gown for her ‘faith’ wedding.  I know you will be sending a groom one day very soon, Lord.
One thing that had gone very well was the discussion she had shared with Lord Edwards concerning Lady Selina’s coming out ball and her thoughts about designating St. Mary’s Orphanage & Workhouse as the beneficiary of all donations earned from those in attendance at the ball.  Nathaniel had listened to everything she had to say about the trip to the orphanage and the boundaries which had been put in place as Selina neared her seventeenth birthday.
“Brilliant!  Your methods never cease to amaze me, Lady Georgiana.”  The Earl was very pleased as he was witnessing Selina’s remarkable transformation each day.  After she had explained about Cole, they both wholeheartedly agreed Selina should have a long courtship.  

Friday at Three o’clock in the Afternoon, Wellbrook Hall
“Lady Barrington and Cole Laurence Barrington, Baron of Rosewood Manor,” Bradley announced.
“Lady Barrington, Lord Barrington, welcome.  Please, make yourselves comfortable.  Where is Lady Juliana?  Recovered since the seaside, I hope.  How is Barrington?” Lady Margaret motioned for them to sit near her in the upstairs sitting room.
Lady Selina poured and served the tea while Lady Georgiana greeted their guests and continued with her needlepoint as they found seats in close proximity.
“Juliana is quite recovered and has gone to London for some shopping and social engagements with a friend.  It seems I am not destined to have the two under one roof at the same time,” Lady Barrington answered as she accepted a cup of tea.
“It’s so nice to see you again, Lord Barrington,” Selina said cheerfully, handing Cole a cup of tea.
“And you, Lady Selina,” he replied, unable to take his eyes from her sweet face.
After a reasonable amount of time and enduring some talk concerning how to help the poor families in the parish with clothing needs, Cole stood up and extending an arm bent at the elbow to which it would be awkward to refuse, said, “How about a walk in the conservatory, Lady Selina?  I seem to remember your father has some of the finest plant specimens in all of England.”
“I would love to,” she replied demurely.
When they had excused themselves from the sitting room and safely found themselves alone as they strolled at a comfortable pace through the first floor conservatory, Cole confided, “Selina, I want you to know that there is a scandalous situation brewing with regard to my sister, Juliana.”
“What has happened?”
“Well, we are still trying to piece things together to understand it, but she has run off with Lord Oliver.”
“Lord Timothy Oliver, the Baron?”
“Aye, that’s the one,” he nodded as they stopped near a group of leafy potted palm trees and some exotic, brightly colored blooms in shades of red, yellow and pink.
“I may have to leave for an undetermined amount of time.  Father and I have to locate where Juliana is and see if there is hope for a happy marriage for them.” 
“And just when you’ve finally arrived!”  Selina’s eyes grew watery with tears, stinging a little from the sun pouring in the glass windows.  She looked down, trying to hide her disappointment, her dark curls falling around her shoulders.  She managed to add, “I’m so sorry you are going through all of this.  Your family must be devastated.”  
He knew this had been a statement indicating Lady Selina had indeed done some maturing.  He was so pleased, he put a fingertip beneath her chin and lifted her face to his.  “I promise, I will return as soon as we have salvaged her reputation.”
“You won’t miss my coming out ball?” she asked.
“I will be back long before then, if all goes well,” he assured her, holding her hand.  
“Does this have anything to do with what happened at the ocean?” she asked as she opened a small ivory-handled, cream lace fan complementing her powder blue day dress and cream linen spencer.
“With your father, Lord Edwards?”  he asked as they began to stroll down another aisle of potted plants and large stone planters filled with nasturtiums, lilies and more foliage.
She nodded.
“Mother said your father spoke with Juliana and made it clear he was not in love with her and could not marry her; though he had seriously considered a union.  Mother doesn’t want anyone to know she has run off, so she concocted the story about Juliana you heard in the sitting room today.”  
“I understand, Cole.  She is doing what any mother would:  making an attempt to preserve her reputation in a dreadful mess, hoping this can all be cleared up before this becomes a scandal.”
“She would be cut from every polite home in society if this is discovered,” he said, reminding them both of the gravity and dire urgency of the situation.  
“I will be praying it works out somehow,” she said.  “I don’t think she and Papa would have had a happy marriage.  They did not seem well-suited to each other.”
“I am much inclined to agree with you,” he said.  “Write to me.  Mother will forward your letters if we are away for longer than expected.”
“I will.”
Georgiana was in the garden one afternoon cutting some clippings and stems of flowers to fill vases for the manor.  She enjoyed arranging the fresh cut flowers into beautiful bouquets and filling some of the rooms with fragrances and bursts of color.  Edmund had found a shady spot on a bench to read and Madalene, along with her new doll, Celia Jane, Selina and Lady Margaret were attended by a footman who had rolled out a cart with tea service and scones for four.  They were comfortably seated at a round table with a white linen tablecloth.  Celia Jane occupied the fourth chair.  This pleasant scene was interrupted by the meowing of Pickle from somewhere above and beyond them.
Georgiana, wearing a yellow and white checked summer day dress and a wide brimmed straw gypsy hat tied with a wide yellow silk ribbon, set her basket of clippings on the ground and looked up to find where the meows were coming from.  Edmund put his book down and stood up to do the same.  They soon discovered Pickle was stuck high up in a tall oak tree to the rear of the garden.
After a number of failed attempts to coax the cat down, Edmund said, “I can’t climb trees, but we can’t very well just leave him up there.  He’s afraid to come down.  I’ll fetch one of the footmen or stable hands who can climb.”
Georgiana eyed the tree.  It didn’t look half as dangerous as some of the craggy mountain peaks and trees she had climbed as a young girl in the Alps.  As Edmund wandered back to the house, she kicked off her slippers to reveal two bare feet.  The days had been uncomfortably hot of late and she hadn’t kept her promise to herself to wear stockings perfectly, though she had tried to discipline herself.  The grass felt cool beneath her feet and as she neared the base of the tree she hiked up her petticoat and dress.  She easily began the climb toward the rescue of their calico friend.
By the time Edmund returned, not with a footman, but the Earl in tow, she had scraped one knee, torn her petticoat and she suspected, dirtied her new cheerful, summer day dress from the London dressmaker.  She had reached Pickle, but looking down, she knew she couldn’t make it to the ground safely.  It was the highest tree she had ever climbed; though from the ground, it hadn’t looked quite as foreboding.  
Her one comforting thought was that she had Pickle.  She had situated herself on a branch close to the tree trunk, to which she clung with one hand, while holding the frightened cat securely in her lap with the other.  He had finally stopped meowing as the rescue operation took place, the rescue operation that was now halted.  
To her dismay, a very interested crowd had gathered at the base of the oak.  The Earl, his children, her mother-in-law, three footmen, including Simon, Jeremiah from the stable, Molly Cuddleton and Laura Doddmire, Nurse Lottie ... even Martha Briggs was making her way toward the commotion.  Trailing her was Mrs. Sarah Foster and Jenny Kirkner, who had noticed the commotion from the kitchen house window.  Bradley moved through the small crowd to be of immediate assistance to the Earl.  
“Lady Georgiana, don’t move!”  Nathaniel commanded, with apprehension in his eyes.  He turned to Bradley.  “Send our fastest runner for a ladder.”
“Yes, my Lord.”  Bradley dispatched two footmen at once with a single nod.
“I had no idea you could climb trees.”  Nathaniel continued to carry on a comforting conversation with her, trying to keep his voice firm but steady.
“I do have a few secrets,” she replied, calling her response out to far below, trying not to sound nervous.  “Among them, my rocky cliff and mountain climbing experience growing up in the Alps.”
“Not everyone has a governess who can climb trees and mountains,” Lady Margaret remarked dryly as she leaned on her cane.
“An acquired skill for rescuing children—and small animals!” Georgiana quipped, smiling as she petted Pickle.
She looked down again, which was beginning to make her a little dizzy.  The Earl had tossed his jacket aside and was rolling up the long sleeves of his white shirt.  He isn’t really planning to climb up here himself and rescue me from this too, is he? Her heart soared.  About four or five minutes later, which seemed like forever to Georgiana, the footmen returned, ladder in hand.  They had it set up in seconds and Lord Edwards himself began the ascent.  The footmen held the ladder securely in place after he had climbed a few rungs.
When he reached her position, he grinned like a rogue and with a sweep of one arm showing her the way to descend, he said, “Lord Nathaniel Brook Edwards, the Third, at your service, my Lady.”
Those below were enjoying the rescue to the rescue mission as much as Georgiana was at this point.  She smiled coyly and then holding out the cat, replied, “I have safely secured your calico friend, my Lord.”
He took the cat in his arms and said, “Don’t move.”  He climbed down a number of rungs until he was able to hand the cat to Bradley.  He climbed back up to her and said, “Put your arms ‘round my neck and hold on tightly.”
She untied her hat and tossed it below and obediently did as instructed.  Madalene caught her hat.  His strong arms helped her swing around off of the branch until she was able to stand on the ladder with him, he on a rung a little lower than hers.  “Watch your step, that’s it, now you have it ... down we go.”
When they reached the ground, the household cheered and clapped.  Mrs. Foster declared, “I had best get back in my kitchen!  This calls for a cake along with tonight’s supper!”    


Chapter 17. 
 God Is Plenteous In Mercy

And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to His purpose.  Romans 8:28, King James Version

“B 
radley, I’ll return when I can.  Lady Georgiana has gone missing.  I’m going after her.  I may have to search every nook and cranny of this hamlet to find her.”
“Yes, my Lord.  Where did she last go?”  The butler inquired.
“She’s been attending a sickly infant child to aid one of the Earl’s tenants, the Gregory family I believe,” Lady Margaret answered as she paced the length of the foyer, using her cane to lean on. 
“Would this be the same family she and Lady Selina delivered some of Mrs. Foster’s vegetable soup and bread to yesterday?” Bradley opened the front doors.  
This time, the Earl answered as he checked for his fob and seal and raked a hand through his hair, something he did sometimes when he was tired or distressed.  He was trying to decide whether or not to include a pistol on his person in case he ran into trouble of some sort.   He hoped there was no foul play going on or he would take the strictest of measures to put an end to it.  “Aye.  Some of our tenants have taken a real liking to her.  It’s probably nothing, but it will be dark in about an hour.  She isn’t usually this late, is she?”  Lord Edwards, in a light weight, long dark cloak, breeches, white shirt and Hessian boots, walked across the threshold and down the front steps toward the horse and mounted it.   He gave a nod of thanks to the stable hand and Simon, who had readied and brought his fastest stallion to the front doors.
“No, my Lord, she isn’t usually this late.”
“I hope it doesn’t come to a search party, but stick close to the house.  If I’m not back in about an hour and a half, send out a search party.”
“Understood, my Lord.  Godspeed!”  Bradley nodded as he and several of the other footmen watched the Master depart.
 He’d searched the areas where his tenants lived, looking in on the Gregory family.  One of the older children had answered and said she had gone for the doctor.  He doubled back toward the village as fast as his horse would carry him until he had eventually caught up with the hay wagon taking up most of the road.  
When he’d found her, he hadn’t laughed so hard in ages.  The very sight of her on top of that hay wagon had made him laugh.  He waited to talk directly to her until he had thanked the farmers whom had offered her the ride into the village to fetch the doctor and he’d recovered her from the wagon.  As the farmers drove away, he turned to her and said with a grin on his face, “Are you in the habit of hitching rides in hay wagons for transportation?”
She shrugged, taking the humor of the predicament in stride.  “Simon had put me in the curricle but I haven’t ridden in one of those before until today.  It’s not my fault entirely.  The horse was spooked and ran us out into the middle of the creek!”  
“No, I suppose it’s not entirely your fault.  I’ll have to send someone back to fetch the horse and curricle.  So how did you get into the hay wagon?  If you hadn’t been wearing that blue dress I might not have even noticed you sitting up there on the top of that load of hay.”
“Well, the horse just stood there stock still in the water.  The curricle was stuck in the mud of the creek bottom, and still is I’m afraid.  So I ran to the edge of the road where the horse had veered off after being spooked and waited ... and waited ... and waited for someone to come along.  It was finally the hay wagon the good Lord sent.  I flagged them down and the two farmers you saw riding on the front seat graciously said I could ride atop the hay into the village.”
“And Mr. Gregory could not have gone to fetch the doctor?”
“He wasn’t home.  I just knew what needed to be done.”  She rode side saddle on the front of the horse with the Earl.  It was too far for either of them to walk.  His arms wrapped around her to hold the reins.  The bottom one-third of her gown was still wet from standing in the creek trying to get the horse to move.  She felt as though she had straw in her hair, dress, bonnet and shawl.  “Well, at least we eventually ran into the doctor on the way into the village.   By now, he should be at the Gregory household tending the baby.  I’ve done all I could do for the family to make them comfortable.  Poor little fellow is much worse today.  A croupy cough and a dangerously high fever ... we need to pray.”
“I see.  We also need to pray for you,” he said jokingly, adding, “though I think I am beginning to enjoy rescuing you.”
“I’m fine,” she insisted, trying to hide a smile at his remark.  “But that horse of yours doesn’t know how to drive!” 
Again, he laughed, crow’s feet showing in the corners of his eyes, making him all the more handsome.
“Thank you for coming to my rescue again, my Lord,” she said sheepishly.  However did she manage to get into these predicaments?
He grinned, and his eyes were smiling.
“I’ve got news for Molly finally,” he said.
“You do?” 
“A packet of letters has arrived, just today.  A bullet grazed Walter’s arm and he was in a military hospital somewhere near the front for a while.  But he is all right and on the mend.”

   August, 1811
Wellbrook Hall, the Library, a Wednesday Evening
Not weary enough to sleep, Georgiana wandered out of her bedroom suite and tiptoed down the hall, candle in hand, hoping to find a book to read in the library.  She clutched a shawl over her evening gown because the evening was chilly for August.  
The family had enjoyed  a memorable evening of praise and worshipful music around the sitting room, having listened to all three of the children play their violins to all seven verses of John Newton’s hymn, “Amazing Grace:”
1.Amazing grace! How sweet the sound
That saved a wretch like me!
I once was lost, but now am found;
Was blind, but now I see.
2.’Twas grace that taught my heart to fear,
And grace my fears relieved;
How precious did that grace appear
The hour I first believed.
3.Through many dangers, toils and snares,
I have already come;
’Tis grace hath brought me safe thus far,
And grace will lead me home.
4.The Lord has promised good to me,
His Word my hope secures;
He will my Shield and Portion be,
As long as life endures.
5.Yea, when this flesh and heart shall fail,
And mortal life shall cease,
I shall possess, within the veil,
A life of joy and peace.
6.The earth shall soon dissolve like snow,
The sun forbear to shine;
But God, who called me here below,
Will be forever mine.
7.When we’ve been there ten thousand years,
Bright shining as the sun,
We’ve no less days to sing God’s praise
Than when we’d first begun.
To hear all three of them play at the same time had thrilled her heart!  Lady Margaret had wiped teary eyes before giving each of them a kiss good-night.  Edwards had given a thunderous applause along with Bradley, Simon, Molly, Laura, Jenny and Briggs.  
When she had perused the shelves in the library, she finally selected The Journal of John Wesley, published in 1789.  This Anglican preacher had touched so many lives for the glory of God!  She was interested in reading as much of his life story as possible to learn from the man who had done so much to endear Christ to the nations.  When she neared the hearth to sit by the firelight and read, she was surprised indeed to find Nathaniel there, asleep in his comfortable arm chair.  She sat down on the thick rug by the fireplace near his feet, leaving him undisturbed and attempted to read the book until her eyes grew tired and the steady breathing coming from the man in the chair beside her had lulled and comforted her.  Finally she closed the book and studied his strong, handsome face.  At some point, she drifted into a deep sleep at his feet, the book still in her hand.
When he finally roused from sleep, he was surprised indeed to discover her there at his feet.  She looked so blissful, her tender face sleeping peacefully ... he dare not disturb her.  He blinked, rubbed his eyes and blinked again.  No, he was not dreaming.  She really was there at his feet, just like the story of Ruth.  He remained there, watching her sleep for a long time, until the sun was about to rise.
When she gradually awoke, the first thing she saw were the boots beside where her head rested.  She sat up slowly and met the gaze of the one who had been watching her sleep for some time.  
“Good morning,” he said softly, moving a misplaced strand of hair from her face.
“My Lord,” she said, afraid to interrupt the quiet, peaceful moment between them with words.  Sunshine was beginning to peak in around them through the drapes.
He reached for her hand and held it in his own.  “Come with me into our future.”
She tried to listen to what his heart was saying; it was the whisper of love reflected in his eyes.   He continued, “Come with me on a picnic today.  I have a plan.  Just us.”
“I am intrigued,” she replied, smiling, returning all of her devotion and heart into his eyes with her own.
“Good,” he said standing up, pulling her to her feet as he did.  “Go get some rest while I make things ready.”
“Yes, my Lord,” she said, breathless.  Her heart was beating so rapidly she was sure they could both hear it.
Her curiosity was piqued but all she could do was curtsey and accept his invitation.  He let her return to her room first and when she had made her way back down the hall and he heard her door close, he left the library to find Bradley and Briggs.  He had much to do, starting with a list of menu items for a picnic which he wanted Mrs. Foster to prepare. 
When she awoke a few hours later, she sat up in bed and pulled her knees to her chest.  She was smiling as she remembered the Earl’s words.  Her heart was soaring with hope, excitement and joy at the prospect of the day before her.  
She threw the covers back and practically danced out of bed to the wardrobe, flinging the doors wide open.  She quickly ran her fingers along the gowns, coming to rest on a pale, rose-colored, silk, empire waisted gown with white lace trim.  She yanked it from the wardrobe and humming cheerfully, spread the gown out on a chair and danced about the room a little longer; caught in the clutches of a daydream of love.
Rose-colored ribbons intertwined in her hair by Molly, fawn satin slippers and a pair of pearl drop earrings completed her look.  She chose a straw poke bonnet trimmed in pale pink ribbon with sprigs of white, bell-shaped flowers, pale pink slippers and white gloves.
Molly’s mood had improved greatly since she’d been able to read the letters from Walter which had finally been forwarded.  She stood back to admire Georgiana’s hair with Lady Margaret, who was eager to see her daughter-in-law put her best foot forward.  Hope and joy glowed in Georgiana’s eyes.  Dear Lord, let today be a blessing unto me ... unto us.
Georgiana was trembling as Nathaniel helped her into the open carriage.  He looked comfortable, cool, and handsome wearing a white captain’s shirt and cravat, buckskin breeches and black riding boots.  A driver took them to a location on the estate only a short distance away with a stunning view of Wellbrook Hall from the top of a hill.  Lord Edwards helped her step down from the carriage and kept her hand in his as he led her to a table for two, set up directly under a shady maple tree.  The table had a white linen tablecloth, candles, and a footman in livery to serve them.  Nathan pulled out a cushioned chair for her.
Her hand flew to cover her mouth in surprise, but her eyes were dancing with joy.  The Earl had thought of everything:  a vase of red and white roses, plates of sliced roast beef, asparagus, a salad, warm rolls, blackberry jam, corn relish, pickled eggs and boiled potatoes with butter.  He signaled three musicians in kilts standing some distance away to play a few ballads of love on the bagpipes.  
Hearing the bagpipes ring through the air was like shouting to the world from the top of a mountain his declaration of love to her.  When they finished, two musicians on violin played soft ballads, creating an intimate atmosphere for what he was about to do next.  
Taking her gloved hands in his, he went down on one knee.  He held up an emerald ring.  Taking a deep breath, he said, “Will you marry me, Lady Georgiana?  I want to spend the rest of my life rescuing you, if you will have me ... ”  
She was sure he could hear her heart beating.  Two tears of happiness slid down one of her cheeks.  Truly, God had not forgotten her.  The Lord God in heaven above is good!  How good the Lord is to me.
“Why are you crying?” he asked softly, wiping away her tears with a fingertip. 
“Because, I am so ... happy!”  Her lighthearted laughter filled the atmosphere with joy.  “And I do tend to need an extraordinary amount of rescuing.”
“Does that mean yes?”  He was laughing with her.
 “Yes!  Yes, my Lord, I will marry you!  Mais Oui! ” she replied, more happiness tears streaming down her cheeks.

The next evening, Lady Georgiana and Edwards strolled together in the conservatory which opened into the garden, allowing them to flow easily between the two areas.  The family had taken their news joyfully.  All things finally seemed right in their world.
“Georgiana,” he said, “do you recall a visit from the Duchess of Arlington while in London?”
“Oh bother!  Why yes I do!  I completely forgot.  I didn’t actually speak to her directly and we were about to depart for Yorkshire.  Her feathers were ruffled considerably when she left without the interview she demanded of me.”
“In the society column of The Mirror Daily Gazette, it has been printed that the Duchess of Arlington recently called upon Lady Georgiana Colton to offer congratulations upon her marriage to the Earl of Bridesgate.  We haven’t even posted the banns yet.”  
“How odd!”  Georgiana remarked.  “It reads as though we are already married.”
“I thought so as well,” he remarked.
“Who is she anyhow?” she asked, her hands clasped about the crook of his elbow.
“Lady Juliana’s grandmother ...”
“It makes sense if she is trying to force Juliana into marrying someone else, I suppose ... and at the same time, give us some sort of barb that might get a reaction from us, if we weren’t far too intelligent to get tangled up in the society column gossip.” 
“So you think she is sending a clear message to someone else that her granddaughter is eligible?” he clarified with a raised brow.
“Yes, it certainly seems so.” She looked up at Lord Edwards. “You were never formally engaged to Lady Juliana.  It was simply assumed by some who did not take the time to know your heart.”
“No, I was not.  We really were not suited to each other, and I told Juliana this—in spite of her father’s hopes, when we were at the seaside.”
“Ah, then, well now I have you!” she teased, playfully jabbing him.







Epilogue
The banns were posted and a date set for a late August wedding, at ten o’clock in the morning.  They would host a small but elegant wedding breakfast for a few close family and friends, including Lady Caroline, Lady Kathryn, Lady Emily Belmore, Miss Lydia Prescott, and Miss Amelia Jameson, a childhood friend from her Swiss boarding school, now living in England.  Beth’s family was also sent invitations, specifically naming each of her nephews and niece.  The Barringtons, including Juliana, were also sent invitations.  
Sir Arthur Herbert escorted Lady Caroline to the wedding and the breakfast.  Lord Maxwell was also in attendance.  Guests began arriving for the wedding a week early and every day at Wellbrook Hall was a joyful celebration.
Bridesgate villagers and tenants were also invited to the wedding, but the wedding breakfast remained a private affair.  The little church in the village of Bridesgate was bursting with attendance both in the building and on the lawn on the morning of the wedding.  Wellbrook Hall servants had a small party after the breakfast to celebrate and were invited to the wedding.  The village and tenants of the Earldom spent the day celebrating.  It was a great day in the village of Bridesgate.
It had been decided the coming out ball for Lady Selina would take place a week later in the evening and would include a list of people from among Father’s friends, in addition to those who had come to Wellbrook Hall for the Earl’s wedding who simply remained as guests for an extra week of celebration.  It was truly a lavish affair.  Bishop Hastings was invited and he prepared a display which encouraged guests at the event to donate to St. Mary’s Orphanage & Workhouse.  A quote from John Wesley was chosen to be read by Edmund at the ball:
“Do all the good you can. By all the means you can. In all the ways you can. In all the places you can. At all the times you can. To all the people you can. As long as ever you can.”  When Edmund finished the quote, guests at the ball burst into thundering cheers and applause.
Cole asked Lady Selina just before her coming out ball to become formally engaged to be married.  Father said they could announce their engagement but had to wait one full year to be married.  He also permitted Cole to give Selina a ring.  He and his father had managed to locate Lord Oliver by contacting his family.  The family had applied pressure in the right place, financial pressure.  An emergency wedding license for Oliver to wed Juliana was obtained and a small ceremony followed in London with immediate family on both sides present.  She and her Baron were too busy setting up housekeeping in a small, three bedroom townhome in a fairly pleasant neighborhood of London—and therefore, unable to attend the late August wedding of Lord Edwards and Lady Georgiana Colton, who became Countess of Bridesgate Park. 
The happy couple eventually hired a governess and the children thereafter referred to Lady Margaret as Grandmère.  Georgiana opted to continue to teach the children French and Bible lessons and the governess taught them their other subjects.  In 1813, the Countess gave birth to a healthy baby boy, Isaac Duncan Edwards, Baron of Bridesgate.  In 1814, a daughter was born, Lady Isabelle Margaret Edwards.  
All of the sculptures, vases and paintings the bandits had taken from Papa Duncan and his sons were recovered.  Justice was served. 
Grandmère, Lady Margaret Colton, and Georgiana, the Countess of Bridesgate, never forgot the redemption the Lord Jesus Christ showed them in their situation and never took for granted the new life they had been granted.  In 1815, Napoleon was defeated at the Battle of Waterloo.  The war was finally over—a great victory for England, the people of France, and many countries throughout the world.  Georgie and Nathan were finally able to take a European honeymoon on the continent, starting in Switzerland, then Austria, France and finally, Italy.  Their honeymoon lasted three months.   Lady Margaret took good care of all of the children and the household in Lord Edward’s absence, but she particularly enjoyed Isabelle and Isaac, who brought her great joy each day.  









A Small Glossary of Regency Terms
by Lisa M. Prysock

The Regency Time Period-  In England/United Kingdom, the time period when King George III had been deemed unfit to rule and the Prince of Wales, his son, reigned in his stead as the Prince-Regent, from approximately 1811-1820.  He became King George the IV when his father died.

Almack's- An exclusive club for both men and women of the social elite consisting of Assembly rooms for social gatherings where Wednesday night balls were held.  A committee made decisions on who was admitted by granting vouchers which cost about ten guineas each.        

Apothecary- Regency time period type of 'pharmacist' who dispensed herbs and powders for medicinal purposes.  

Bath- Popular spa town in Somerset, England where the fashionable vacationed who enjoyed the natural springs, waters and Roman baths built there.  Located in southwest England.  Famous for the Royal Crescent.  Many social parties, dances and theater parties were held at Bath.

Chemise- Ladies wore a thin short sleeved undergarment under their corset; sometimes called a shift.
Codicil-  An addition made to a will

Conservatory- Indoor garden with a great many windows to allow sunlight

Cut-  Pretending not to know or see a person was the act of giving someone the “cut.”  It was a type of social disgrace.  

Curricle- Small carriage usually made for only one or two people to ride in, pulled by one or two horses.

Corkbrained- Term used to describe someone as foolish, silly, light-headed, blockhead, numbskull, dunce, simpleton 

Country Squire- Non-titled gentleman or owner of an estate who was accepted among the titled and landed gentry.

Dowager House- A house located on the property of some larger estates for the widow of deceased titled gentlemen.  In this story, William's parents, the Duke and Duchess, have both died, but the aunt who raised him is preparing to move into the Dowager House.  Had the Duchess lived and only the Duke died, she would have become, as his widow, the Dowager Duchess when her son inherited her deceased husband's title and married a bride of his own, who would then be granted the courtesy title of Duchess.  The Dowager Duchess often lived in the Dowager House after these types of events, leaving the new Duchess the opportunity to learn her role in managing the household while the Dowager Duchess was able to retire in her own household, well taken care of, yet private from the main house.     

Entail- During the Regency time period, an inheritance and a title could be entailed together.  This was often done to preserve the family name.  In this story, the Honorable Miss Alexandra Benningham's former home prior to living at the parish manse was not available for her to consider as a home of her own because it was entailed to a missing uncle who'd gone to America, the brother of her father, the vicar.  Because there was hope that he might be found, Alexandra was at the mercy of Lady Dresden who allowed her to continue living at the manse after her father's death.  If she had a brother, her father's former home could have been passed on to the vicar's son, even if he was second born after a daughter.  A gentleman with only daughters might not have been able to will property to anyone who could not carry on the family name in the event of an entail, so the property might revert to a brother, nephew or cousin through the entail of the title or will of the deceased property owner.  In this story, the William's ducal title was entailed, or attached, to two of his father's properties and his seat in the House of Lords, which indeed had passed along to him when his father died.  The problem was that the other properties not entailed to the Duke's title were attached to the codicil of the will.     

Footman- Servant or employee whose duties might include riding along on the back or top of the coach or carriage of the aristocracy to open carriage doors and steps, load and secure trunks and luggage, present calling cards to those his mistress called upon while she waited in the carriage.  A footman ranked below the butler but above a page boy.  A footman might serve food to guests at a party, be called upon to handle an errand or any other number of duties, such as trimming the wicks on lamps.  It was considered proper to have footmen of tall stature or equal stature if hiring a pair.  They usually dressed in fine livery uniforms.           

Fortnight- Two weeks

Haberdasher- This person sells items used to sew such as thread, needles, ribbon...

In His Cups- phrase used to describe someone who had been drinking alcohol and might be drunk

Mayfair District- The most fashionable neighborhood in London.

Milliner- This person made ladies hats and sometimes other items

Pelisse- Regency ladies often wore a matching pelisse over their dresses.  These were long, usually light weight outerwear, similar to a light coat. 

Portmanteau- luggage satchel   

Reticule- a drawstring purse for Ladies
Royal Pavilion- This famous seaside palace was transformed by the famed architect, John Nash, for the Prince Regent at the popular town of Brighton.  The Prince Regent entertained his guests in the elegant assembly and dining rooms there.  Young ladies liked to travel to Brighton because it was a military regiment town and many handsome officers could be found there. 

Shilling- term for a British currency coin equal to one-twentieth of a pound or twelve pence; in Anglo-Saxon times, much earlier than the Regency it used to be about the amount of the cost of a cow or a sheep.  

Slippers- Ladies often wore silk or satin slippers with their fine ball gowns and dresses during the Regency time period.

Spencer- Short waisted jacket for ladies to wear over their dresses for walking or being out of doors.

The Season- London's society season when Parliament opened from late January to early July.  England's families came to London to present their daughters and debutantes in hopes of finding a favorable and profitable marriage.  A whirl of social events took place during this time such as parties, balls, masquerades, theater parties, etc.  It was often called the 'Marriage Mart.'    

The Ton- a term used in reference to Britain's high society during the Georgian era or the Reign of King George the IV, to include the Regency time period. 














About the Author

Lisa Prysock is an award winning, bestselling author who lives in scenic, rural Kentucky near many horse farms and rolling land.  She is happily married to Robert, her husband of twenty years.   She homeschooled their two youngest children and all five are now grown.  
Lisa has three sisters and two brothers.  She spent part of her childhood growing up on a northern, Minnesota farm and has many happy memories from that time in her life.  She also grew up in the Ohio Valley near her grandparents.  Their ministry greatly impacted her life.
She is very active in her church and loves working with the children and youth.  Some of her favorite activities include:  spending time with family, sketching, reading, cross stitch, sewing, crochet, gardening, working out, swimming, walking, cooking and scrapbooking – when she is not writing.  She loves to share her faith in Christ through her writing.
Don’t miss her debut novel To Find a Duchess, a Regency mail order bride story.  Lisa is also the author of ‘The Victorian Christian Heritage Series’—: Hannah’s Garden:  a Turn of the Century Love Story (Volume I) and Abigail’s Melody (Volume II).  
She is also the author of ‘The Lydia Collection’ which includes The Redemption of Lady Georgiana, Protecting Miss Jenna, and Persecution & Providence.  She recently released a devotional, Arise Warrior Princess, a Christmas Regency novel, The Shoemaker, and Geneva.  You won’t want to miss her two Western Contemporary Christian Romance books, Dreams of Sweetwater River and Marry Me Katie, as part of the ‘Whispers in Wyoming’ series with authors Danni Roan, Kari Trumbo, and Rachel Skatvold.
A generous portion of the proceeds of her books helps to support missionaries.  You can find out more about Lisa at her author website and sign up to for her free newsletter, enjoy free devotionals and vintage recipes, view her author interviews, find out when her next book is coming out, and enjoy more free reader resources at http://www.LisaPrysock.com.   She thanks you in advance for your kind reviews.









Footnotes

Chapter 1
¹ Mon père = my father
²Pyrénées- Mountain range in southwestern France
Chapter 2 
¹une lettre = a letter; 
très bien = very good; 
avec moi = with me; 
la lettre, ma petite fille = the letter, my little daughter/girl
²ma petite fille = my little daughter/girl;  je pense = I think;  très mal = very bad;  ici = here;  mais, c’est … = but, it’s …
³ma mère = my mother;  ma soeur = my sister;  je ne comprends pas = I do not understand
¹avec ma soeur = with my sister
¹Girondist Party = a new political party in France 
²les journaux = the newspapers; Mais oui! = Certainly! But, of course! 
¹ma mère = my mother; mon cher= my dear
Chapter 3
¹ma souer, mon oncle et mes amis = my sister, my uncle and my friends 
²Musée du Louvre = The Louvre Museum in Paris, France
¹Chateau de Fleurs = Chateau of Flowers
¹ma mère = my mother
Chapter 4
¹n’est ce pas? = right?
²mais oui = certainly, but of course
¹Ah, oui!  Oui!  Madame Beaufort, elle n’est pas ici aujourd’hui, mais je m’appelle Mademoiselle Rogelle.  Comment allez-vous? = Ah, yes! Yes!  Mrs. Beaufort, she isn’t here today, but I am Miss Rogelle.  How are you?
²Bien, et merci beaucoup Mademoiselle Rogelle = Well, and thank you very much Miss Rogelle 
³Aimes-tu cette robe? = Do you like this dress?
⁴Oui = Yes
⁵ C’est très belle = It’s very beautiful
¹joyeux quand un enfant = joyous or happy when a baby or child
²Vingt-deux salutes! Vraiment? = twenty-two salutes!  Truly?  
¹intéressant = interesting
²s’il vous plaît = please
³demain = tomorrow, deux jours = two days
⁴ Mère, trois robes = Mother, three dresses
⁵ Mais oui, Madame = Certainly, Mrs.
¹ grand processionale en route = grand parade on the way
¹les journaux = the newspapers
¹Ma chère fille = my dear daughter/girl
²Jamais = never
³ ... adorable enfant en France.  Napoleon est mal, très mal.  Il est un malade de la monde = … adorable baby in France. Napoleon is bad, very bad.  He is a malady of the world.
¹Oui, ma mère = Yes, my mother
²la rue = the street
¹du fromage = some cheese
²chocolat chaud= hot chocolate
¹demain = tomorrow
Chapter 5
¹ma mère = my mother
Chapter 6
¹ma petite fille, n’est ce pas? = my little daughter, isn’t it?
²C’est belle et magnifique = it’s beautiful and magnificent
³ma mère = my mother
¹ma mère!  C’est très belle ici dans le jardin = my mother!  It’s very beautiful here in the garden
¹Voici, ma mère = Here it is, my mother
Chapter 7
¹Merci … merci beaucoup = Thank you ... thank you so much/very much
¹s’il vous plaît = please
²Merci = thank you
¹Absolument, pas mal = absolutely, not bad
²Merci beaucoup = Thank you very much
³Mais oui = certainly, but of course
¹Très bien = very well/very good
Chapter 10
¹ma petite fille = my little daughter/girl
Chapter 11
¹ http://lavistachurchofchrist.org/LVarticles/EarlyEnglishHymns.html
From La Vista Church of Christ website, “Studies in Hymns, The Young Person’s Guide to the Hymnbook” 
Chapter 14
¹Bonjour!  Ma souer, ma souer!  = Hello!  My sister, my sister!





