
The First Book of Demons
By Raquel Dove
Copyright © 2012 Raquel Dove
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support. 




1


Alexandra felt the cold steel of a blade cutting through the soft flesh of her throat. She felt the blood begin to pool beneath her on the white silk sheets. Her eyes stared up at a ceiling that was foreign to her as her body began to convulse uncontrollably. The last image to swim through her hazy vision was pale blue skin. 
Immense pain pounded on the back of Alexandra's forehead as her eyes snapped open. She sat up in her bed, her fingers immediately feeling at her neck. She half expected to see them covered in blood as she pulled them back to look at them. Her relief was momentary as the little alarm clock buzzing by the side of her bed finally grabbed her attention. According to the bright red flashing numbers, it had been going off for quite some time. She groaned. She was going to be late for school again.
Thirty minutes later, Alexandra came down the stairs in search of breakfast. Her long black hair was piled haphazardly atop her head, loosely secured with a ponytail holder. Wide green eyes that normally sparkled with excitement were dull and half lidded. The images of her nightmare had replayed in her mind as she had gotten dressed. She just couldn't shake the feeling of it all. She had never dreamed anything that felt so real before. 
“Good Morning,” Aunt Tammy chirped with a broad smile as she looked up from the hot pan in front of her. Her jet black hair was braided in a long plait that went all the way down to her ample backside. The smile faded from her aged face when she saw the sleep still clinging to Alexandra's eyes. 
“Morning,” Alex said, her eyes avoiding her Aunt Tammy's. She slid onto a bar stool at the kitchen island and reached for a freshly washed strawberry from a pile on the plate. 
“How did you sleep?” Aunt Tamaya asked. It was the same question she asked Alex every morning, and most mornings she didn't mind answering. When she had nightmares, though, it was a different story. Aunt Tammy insisted on knowing every gory detail about them. Usually, that wasn't much of a big deal, but this one was different. She didn't want to relive what she had just seen. This one felt too real. Her gaze trailed around the kitchen, looking for an escape. She was a terrible liar and they both knew it.
“Alex,” Aunt Tammy said, pausing her stirring to cast a stern look at her. Alex knew there was no point. Aunt Tammy was pretty lenient about most things, but this wasn't one of them. 
“Bad dream,” Alex admitted with a heavy sigh. She avoided eye contact with Aunt Tammy. “I'd rather not talk about it.”
“What happened this time?” she persisted, returning to her cooking with a frown. 
“Just let it go,” Alex groaned, “please.”
“Tell me,” Aunt Tammy said. She didn't turn back to look at her. The tone of her voice told Alex that she wasn't going to let it go.
“It was really violent...bloody,” Alex said with a huff of annoyance. “There was a weird blue guy.  He had writing...tattoos all over his skin.” Her brows furrowed as she tried to remember the details of the dream. “I just remember bits and pieces…someone died. But, it was just a stupid nightmare. I don't know why you insist on always hashing them out. I don't like it, ya know.”
“Are you certain?” Aunt Tammy asked. She switched the stove off and moved the hot pan onto the marble countertop, turning around to look at Alex.
“Yeah,” Alex said. “I'm pretty sure I don't like talking about my nightmares.”
“I mean, are you certain the man had blue skin,” Aunt Tammy shot back, not at all amused with her answer. “Blue skin with tattoos? And someone died. Who?”
“Yes, I'm sure,” Alex said, her voice rising a bit as she grabbed another strawberry and popped it in her mouth. She chewed it angrily.
“Who died?” Aunt Tammy demanded, her cold almost black eyes piercing through Alex. 
“I don't know,” Alex said with an exasperated shrug. “All I know is he had weird grey eyes.”
“Weird how?” Aunt Tammy pressed her for more minute details that Alex didn't want to go through. 
“Weird like how you keep asking me about this stupid dream, weird,” Alex said. She slid off the bar stool and went to the cabinet to grab a plate. She refused to answer anymore questions about her nightmare. She was done reliving it and she just wanted to get to school. She was late already.
“I want you to stay home from school today,” Aunt Tammy said suddenly. 
“I’m fine,” Alex said, waving a hand in the air as she began to pile her plate high with eggy chunks. “It was just a bad dream. I don't know why you insist on making such a big deal of it all the time.”
“Alexandra,” Aunt Tammy said, her voice high with irritation as her eyes continued to watch Alex.
“Aunt Tamy,” Alex said raising her brows in emphasis, “It was just a dream, and I can’t miss any more classes. I'm going to school.”
Tamaya hesitated but finally let out a heavy sigh, realizing Alexandra wasn’t going to relent. She was almost an adult and she had learned to have a mind of her own, and a strong will to go with it. It was just as well, Tamaya thought. They were traits Alex would need if this dream meant what she thought it did.
“I should get going,” Tamaya said, glancing at the clock above the kitchen sink, “I have an appointment.”
“You have an appointment? Today? For what?” Alex asked. It was her turn to be the interrogator. Aunt Tammy worked from home and she rarely went out for anything. If there ever was a reason for her to leave the house, Alex always knew about it well ahead of time. 
“Its...I,” Tamaya stuttered, “I have a dental cleaning.”
Alex narrowed her eyes at her aunt. Something fishy was going on, and Alex had a sneaking suspicion it had something to do with her upcoming eighteenth birthday party.
“Ok,” Alex said, not in the least bit convinced that Aunt Tammy was being honest.
“We'll have a talk tonight though,” Aunt Tammy said, following Alex around the island counter to give her a hug.
“Ok,” Alex said again. Aunt Tammy's hug lingered longer than usual. “I’m fine. Really.”
“I know,” Aunt Tammy said, pulling away from the hug. She looked Alex in the eyes and smiled before giving her a quick kiss on the forehead. “I just worry about you is all.”
“Totally not necessary,” Alex said, smirking back at Aunt Tammy. She really did love the old woman. She wasn't really Alexandra's aunt, but she was an old friend of her parents and she had taken her in when they died. Alex was so young at the time that she had no memory of anyone but Aunt Tammy. 
“I should be home by the time your back from school,” Aunt Tammy said as she grabbed her keys and headed for the door.
Alex continued her breakfast as she read over the already shuffled through newspaper. It wasn’t long before she heard the hum of Sam Trevino’s brand new black mustang pull up in the driveway. His parents had surprised him with it just two weeks earlier for his eighteenth birthday. Alex helped them pick it out, and insisted on black, knowing it was Sam’s favorite color.
“Why am I not surprised?” Sam said as he came through the door and saw Alex, a forked clump of egg dangling before her mouth, her attention clearly lying far from her food. Sam raised a perfectly groomed, but still unusually bushy eyebrow. His black hair was perfectly tousled with copious amounts of hair products, framing his narrow face.
“I’m almost done,” Alex said, with a roll of her eyes, as she popped the last bite of eggs in her mouth.
“Where’s Aunt Tammy?” Sam asked, noticing her unusual absence.
“She said she had an appointment,” Alex said pushing back from the counter and putting her empty plate in the sink. 
“An appointment?” Sam asked, following Alex out of the kitchen. “She never has appointments. She never even leaves the house.”
“Tell me about it. She’s been acting really weird lately” Alex said, holding the front door open for Sam and following him out. “I don't suppose you'd know anything about it?”
“Me?” Sam said, raising his eyebrows as he pointed a finger at his chest and tried to look innocent. “Why would I know anything?”
“Oh, I don't know,” Alex said as they walked to either side of the car and climbed in. “Maybe because you and my Aunt are always conspiring against me.”
“Conspiring against you?” Sam asked, trying his best to sound offended but failing miserably as the smile cracked the corners of his lips. “I have no idea what you're talking about.”
“Whatever,” Alex said, smirking back at him. “Just so you know, I hate surprises.”
“No you don't,” Sam snapped back, giving her a look.
“Whatever,” Alex huffed again, crossing her arms over her chest and leaning back against the seat. He and Aunt Tammy could keep their little secrets. Alex knew better than to try and get anything out of either of them. They were some of the most tight lipped people she had ever met.
The school day crept by, uneventful and dreadfully boring as usual. Alex didn’t have a great many friends at school. She was more the kind of girl who had lots of acquaintances. She often felt like her and Sam occupied their own little bubble outside of everyone else they went to school with. None of that really bothered Alex though. It was a comfortable anonymity, and she liked it that way.
Walking out the double doors at the end of the school day, and into the front courtyard, Alexandra could see Sam waiting on the other side of the parking lot. He leaned against the passenger side of his pride and joy, opening the door for Alex as she approached. 
“I’m starving,” she said as she tossed her bag in the back, “let’s get Chinese.”
“Not Chinese,” Sam said, a whine in his voice, “we had it yesterday.”
“But I want it again today,” Alex said, flashing Sam a toothy grin. She knew he would relent, he always did when she smiled her cheesy little smile at him.
“Alright,” he said, with a sigh. It wasn’t so much the goofy smile Alex always used on him that made him give in. It was the fact that once Alex had made up her mind, she always got her way and he had learned it was easier not to argue.
Sam and Alex ate at The Golden Panda on a weekly basis. The hostess recognized them, and ushered them to their usual table at the back of the restaurant. Settling into the worn red cushions of the booth, Alex noticed another patron already piling his plate high with the buffet delicacies. Her cheeks immediately flushed to a nice pink hue and she regretted her decision to not wash her hair that morning. She fidgeted with her top, wishing she had chosen something cute to wear instead of something comfortable. She knew in the end it wouldn't matter, though. It never did. 
“Why don’t you go talk to him?” Sam said, noticing his best friend suddenly becoming flustered at the sight of a cute boy. He could always tell when she saw a hot guy, because she got that same doe in the headlights frightened look on her face as her cheeks lit up.
“Yeah right,” Alex scoffed, her cheeks heating further at the mere thought of randomly approaching some hot guy.
Sam really didn’t understand this problem Alex had. Any time a guy tried to talk to her she turned into a blubbering moron. She was an attractive girl, though he had never thought of her in that way. Still, he knew what all the other guys in school thought about her, and he had eyes. She was a knock out when she really tried. Even on days when she was slumming it, she was still very beautiful. He'd told her many times that any guy would love to just talk to her, but for whatever reason she never believed it.
“Just wait for him to go up to the buffet and when you see him reaching for something, smile and ask him to leave some for you. Say it’s your favorite or something,” Sam said, leaning back and slinging an arm comfortably over the back of the booth.
“You really think that will work?” Alex asked, her eyes darting away as the blonde haired Adonis glanced over in her direction. He had on a fitted tee that showed off the ample amounts of muscle he had built onto his tall slender frame. 
“Yep,” Sam reassured her. “I know it will work.”
Alex chewed lightly on her lip, mentally fighting with herself. She wished she was the type of girl who could just walk fearlessly up to a guy and part a short time later with a phone number and a promise to call. Unfortunately, anytime she tried, it ended in a miserable failure of heated embarrassment. 
“Seriously,” Sam said, urging her on. “Cause we won’t be able to eat until you do something about this. I know how you are. You're gonna sit there all googley eyed until either we, or he, leaves. So, really. Go talk to him.”
“Ok,” Alex said finally, sucking in a deep breath as she found a kernel of courage deep inside her. “I’m gonna do it.”
Sam gave her a good luck nod as she stood shakily from the table, adjusting her top again. She made her way over to the rows of food, forcing positive thoughts through her mind. She wiped her clammy palms on the front of her jeans. She could do this, she thought to herself. It was just some cute guy. No big deal. 
Her pulse quickened as she neared the buffet. She covertly cleared her throat as she rounded the corner, picking up a plate from the still warm, newly cleaned pile. She saw the guy reaching for the tongs of the Orange Chicken, and she picked up her pace, closing in on her prey.
“Hey that’s my fav—“ she managed to blurt out, just as her right foot caught on a bump in the tile floor and she face planted. Hard. The plate in her hand clanged loudly as it went tumbling across the floor, attracting the attention of the entire restaurant.
“You ok?” the cute guy kindly asked her as he extended a hand to help her up. 
She opened her mouth to say something and then promptly shut it, her entire face painted fire engine red as she accepted the hand up and brushed herself off. She quickly turned away without another word to the guy and shuffled back to her table where Sam was shaking uncontrollably, a hand over his mouth as he tried to contain his laughter. 
“This is your fault,” she hissed at him, her face still burning as she slid into the booth.  
“No, I think it’s your own clumsiness,” Sam said, laughing out loud.
“Can we just get the hell out of here, please?” Alex had lost her appetite at the whole embarrassing incident and there was no way she was spending another minute in this place.
The two friends made it back to Sam’s house rather late, after picking another restaurant free of handsome patrons. It truly baffled Sam how poorly Alex seemed to get on with the opposite sex, himself excluded of course.
“Let me call Aunt Tamy and let her know what’s up.  You know how she worries,” Alex said walking out of the room to make the phone call. She came back only a short moment later with her cell phone still in her hand.
“She didn’t answer,” she said, plopping back down on the dark leather couch next to Sam. “That's so weird.”

2


“I will not take an Asuri as a mate,” Prince Balthazar said, his broad shoulders straightening as he stared defiantly down at his father. Lord Sultan Sami had called him for an audience in his office, and Balthazar knew the moment he got the summons that it would not be pleasant. His father usually found him in his private quarters or in the royal gardens when he wanted to speak. He only ever summoned him the his office for official business. 
His father was seated behind a low wooden desk, scattered with stacked papers of decrees and petitions and other things that involved ruling the kingdom. The entire room was made over in shining white marble, with carved out windows that ran all along the top to let the sunlight filter in. On the other side of his father's desk were two thick silk cushions. Balthazar had declined to sit, preferring to stand.  
“You do not have a say in the matter,” Sami said, calmly rising from his own thick cushion to square off against his first born son, and the crown prince of his kingdom.
“The Asuri are not fit for mating,” the young prince scoffed, brushing a strand of his dark hair behind a pointed ear. His father was an intimidating man when he was giving an order, but Balthazar was not one to be easily intimidated, not even by his father.
“The Devasi and the Asuri have been allies for millennia, Balthazar,” Sami said, fighting the urge to sigh. He was tired and the thought of another fight with Balthazar made him grow weary. 
“A useless alliance,” Balthazar argued, his chiseled jaw tensing. “We need not pander to their desires.”
“We cannot afford to risk a war with Asur,” Sami said, his voice rising as he tried to talk some sense into his son. A son that looked so much like him. He had inherited the noble charcoal eyes and stark black hair of the royal family. He had also inherited his grandfather's stubbornness.
“So you bow to his will?” Balthazar spat, his words dripping from his lips like acid as he barred his fanged teeth. It was an insult and provocation but Balthazar didn't care. He would never mate with an Asuri. They were cowards in his book, always skulking about in the shadows and hiding. 
“I bow to necessity,” Sami growled, his eyes hardening, “Something you must learn to do if you are going to rule this kingdom when I'm gone.”
“She is blue,” Balthazar said, his voice lowering a bit. In spite of his recent rebellious behavior, he knew when he had pushed his Lord Sultan too far. 
“Then you will learn to like that,” Sami countered, his voice softening a bit. 
“I will not mate her,” Balthazar said his voice low as he turned to leave. A fierce growl ripped through the room, stopping the young prince in his tracks.
“I may be your father, boy,” Sami growled out between gritted teeth, “but disobey me as your Lord Sultan and I will not be lenient. You will mate her, and you will do it before the next new moon.”
Lord Sami let out a heavy sigh as his son left the room without another word. He had grown more and more disobedient as of late. Sami could sense the desire for power growing in his son’s heart, and it churned his stomach with worry. He had learned firsthand the sacrifices that had to be made for the kind of power his son desired. 
“My Lord,” Darius interrupted the Lord Sultan’s thoughts as he entered the office with a deep bow. He was the Divan of the kingdom and he was Sami's right hand man. He made sure that the decrees made by the Lord Sultan were carried out. He was the enforcer of the Royal Family's will throughout the kingdom. The short, balding man settled himself cross-legged on a cushion opposite Sami, pulling out a number of scrolls from the bag he always carried at his hip. He began to unravel the first one, an official edict that needed final approval before being sent out to the entire kingdom. 
“Darius,” Sami said. He had a faraway look in his charcoal eyes, and though he was still young, the stress and worry of his Lordship were taking a heavy toll on him. The Devasi had always been a powerful kingdom, put in recent generations that power had begun to slip. And all their enemies were beginning to sense it. 
“My Lord?” Darius asked, brows raised.
“Prince Balthazar is to mate the Asuri Princess,” he said, standing from his cushion. “Send word to Lord Krishna immediately. I am retiring for the evening. We will deal with those in the morning.”
Darius quickly stood from his cushion and bowed to his Lord Sultan as he made his way out of the room.

  

Banakim’s heart banged anxiously against his ribcage as he considered his next move. A breeze rippled across the expanse of empty earth that lay before the Devasi Royal Palace, softly rattling the branches of the trees dotted sparsely around the palace walls. Tiny bumps erupted on Banakim’s pale blue skin as the wind softly kissed it. He clutched his ratted cloak tighter to his massive form as he hunched over, waiting for the right moment to move.
The Ashetero Mountains stood tall and imposing in the distance beyond the massive Royal Palace complex. It was those mountains that served as the nearly impassable border between Banakim’s homeland of Asur and the kingdom of Devas.  Banakim had braved the tumultuous trek through those mountains, facing wild creatures, extreme cold, and a weeklong hike that had left him nearly drained. There were times he thought he wouldn't make it, but against all odds he had. 
Banakim had always thought of himself as a good person, but he had weaknesses. Gambling was a big one. He had racked up massive debts, which wasn’t all together unusual. Only this time, his creditors were demanding payment immediately. If he couldn’t pay, his family would have to pay with their lives. What he was about to do was going to make him very wealthy. The wind stilled and a deafening silence fell upon the region. It was time for him to move.
Banakim brought the hood of his cloak over his hairless head and gathered what strength he had left.  Every race had their own abilities. The Asuri were masters of stealth, capable of remaining practically invisible, but the Devasi had an incredible sense of smell, among their other physical abilities.  Banakim knew that even a trace of his scent would be caught on the breeze if the wind picked up again, and any Devasi within nose shot would hone in on it and catch him before he had time to escape.
Banakim focused all his efforts on hiding his scent as he made his way into the Devasi Royal Palace.  The scrolled designs of his ancestry that covered his blue skin burned golden hot as he used his ability to cloak his presence.
Pulling a small crumpled piece of parchment from a pocket within his cloak Banakim unfolded it, and studied the black markings for a moment. He tucked the paper back into his cloak once again certain of where he needed to go next. His abilities were strained to a breaking point, and he was struggling to keep his scent and presence masked. He would need to move quickly.
Banakim crept silently into the main foyer of the palace and the sight that greeted his eyes rooting him to the spot. His concentration wavered. Gold and rare white marble glistened everywhere he looked.  Vaulted marble columns dotted the expansive corridor, holding up an intricately carved wooden roof.  Large rectangular plates of solid gold hung throughout the room, each one sparkled with a hammered design of the Devas royal history, softly reflecting the dancing glow of the many candles that lit the area. 
The decadence of a single gilded candleholder could have fed Banakim’s family for a year. The outrage of injustice churned in Banakim’s gut. It wasn’t fair that the Devasi lived in such luxury while his people starved to death in squalor. They were supposed to be allies, but the Devasi had long since turned their backs on his people. The thought only helped to spur Banakim on, convincing him that he was doing the right thing.
He snuck quietly through the palace, going undetected thanks to his Asuri ability of stealth. When he came to the gilded doors that hid his family’s safety, and his fortune, he paused. A servant slept quietly beside the door. Banakim reached out to open the heavy double doors and a creak echoed through the halls of the Royal Palace. The servant’s eyes fluttered open. He sat up. His head swiveled around him as he took in his surroundings. Banakim froze, struggling to keep his presence hidden. His breath stuck in his throat, and droplets of sweat began to bead on his forehead. The servant shifted positions, yawned lazily, and settled back to sleep. 
Banakim pushed the door all the way open and slipped past into the bedchamber. A feather stuffed mattress occupied the middle of the room, and the Lord Sultan slept peacefully wrapped in the fine white silk that dressed the bed. Banakim inched closer, his padded sandals landing noiselessly on the hard marble floor. Banakim drew his dagger from the folds of his cloak.
Standing over the unconscious man, he had a moment of hesitation. This was wrong. He knew that. All his attempts to justify this in his mind suddenly fell short. He had to save his family, and this was the only way. Even though he didn't like what he had to do, it had to be done. For the sake of his family.
Banakim would have only one chance, and he would have to be very precise. If he did not deliver a fatal blow, the Devasi Sultan would recover and make quick work of Banakim. An injury to most parts of the body would merely slow a Devasi down. A wound to the throat would be fatal in seconds. He pressed the sharpened tip of his blade into the soft flesh of the Lord Sultan's exposed neck and ran it across, leaving a thick red trail in its wake.
Sami’s eyes popped open. Blood spewed from the gash in his neck, pooling on the bed underneath him and staining the white sheets a deep crimson. His mouth flapped opened, trying to form words, but none would come. He croaked out an undignified gurgle that Banakim was sure would stay burned in his memory forever, and finally lay still on the blood soaked bed.

3


King Aelek looked down at his newborn daughter, a half smile stuck on his pale white face. She was the most beautiful creature he had ever seen. The thought brought a mixture of pleasure and pain to his chest. 
“She is beautiful,” he said, glancing up at his wife Lucia. “Like her mother.”
Lucia was indeed a beautiful creature. She had the typical pale skin and black hair of the Maracovs, but she also had startlingly clear blue eyes which was a stark contrast to the dark red that characterized their kind. He handed the cloth-swaddled infant back to his wife. She reclined in the bed, her gaze focused on the baby squirming in her arms.
“You are happy this day,” she said, her eyes shining with pride as she kept looking at her daughter.
“Many good things have come to pass my dear,” he said, taking a seat next to the bed. There was a moment of hesitation in his response, and Lucia knew he had not come only to see their newborn baby.
“So you have received news?” She inquired, her gaze falling back to the baby in her arms. She lifted a finger to the newborn’s hand and tiny clawed fingers instantly wrapped around it.
“Very good news,” Aelek said, standing once more and walking to the other side of the room. He paced back towards the bed, satisfaction beaming in his crimson eyes. “Sami is dead. It is beginning.”
“Well, that is very good news,” Lucia said. The crackle in her voice belied the happy words she spoke.
“Lucia,” Aelek said firmly, causing her to look up at him. “It is time.”
Her face fell. She knew this day was coming. Or at least she had been told many times by Aelek that it would come. Deep down she had prayed that maybe he would change his mind. Maybe seeing her would force him to have a change of heart. She was so very beautiful after all.
“Must we,” she sighed softly, looking once more down at the baby. “You are more powerful than them now. You do not have to--”
“Lucia,” Aelek cut in, his voice harsh, “Do not speak in such a way. You know what they have done for me. What they have done for us. I cannot disobey them now. Especially not for this.”
“I know,” she said, “I just--”
“Me too,” he sighed, pushing a long strand of black hair behind his shoulder. He couldn’t be mad at Lucia. This wasn’t something he wanted to do either, but it was necessary. He owed the Magi everything, and he could not deny them what he had already promised. “We simply do not have a choice.”
Lucia just nodded as a single tear ran down her cheek. Aelek rubbed it off with his thumb, caressing her face for the briefest of moments. Finally, she handed the baby to him and he left without another word. 



The newborn squirmed in the bony hands of a Magi. In the pale light of the half moon they had gathered. Heavy black cloaks hid their hideously deformed faces, the toll for centuries of practicing the darker arts of magic. The Magi were not creatures of this world, but they had made do, struggled, and survived after the near annihilation of their kind. There were but a few of them left, and they had dwelt quietly in Maracov for many centuries, waiting for the right time. That time was nearing.
The baby screamed, her tiny face turning bright red as she was laid on a cold square slab of marble. Her bare legs kicked absently as her hands reached into the empty air. The Magi gathered around the marble altar, and their chanting took over the silence of the night. The clouds swirled together overhead in a dark mass. Lightning flashed, thunder cracked loudly around them. The gleam of a solid gold dagger flashed in the sparse moonlight and the baby fell silent as her tiny throat was slit, draining her little body of what blood it had. This sacrifice had to be made, for though the Magi were powerful in the art of magic, they were not powerful enough on their own to cut through the veil blocking them from their home. As the last droplets of blood leaked from the baby's body, and the Magi's chanting came to an end, a temporary link between the worlds split the empty night air.
Not all humans were born with an aura, and those that were, weren’t terribly powerful. Even further, very few ever learned how to master it, but there was one that could. It had been many centuries since they had felt that particular aura. Many centuries that they had waited, and hoped for that special person to be born. Now, everything was in place and they were ready to find her.
They followed the scent of the aura to a two story house on a quiet dead end street. A heavy silence hung in the air, only broken by the occasional chirp of a cricket. Inside that house they found a woman sleeping peacefully on the couch. It was not the person the Magi were tracking, but it was someone very close. Someone that would suit their purposes just fine.
Aunt Tammy's chocolate eyes snapped open when a cold hand clamped over her mouth, muffling her screams. Her balled fists struck her attacker anyway they could, but it was useless. He was incredibly strong. He removed his hand, and for a brief moment her scream rang out through the house.  Grasping the woman’s tongue between his fingers, the Chief Magi easily ripped it from her mouth. He leaned in closely to the woman, who was slowly beginning to choke on her own blood.
“Did you think you could keep us away forever?” he hissed, as the wide eyed woman beneath him began to convulse uncontrollably.

4


Alexandra’s sleep addled mind barely registered the doorbell ringing. She sat up on the couch rubbing her eyes, still mildly paralyzed from being so suddenly awoken. She glanced over at Sam who was still asleep on the couch. The doorbell rang again. Alex reached over and nudged Sam. 
“Hey, someone’s at the door,” she said, yawning. 
Sam took a minute to rub the sleep from his eyes and got up from the couch when the doorbell rang out yet again. He disappeared in the direction of the front door.
“Alex,” Sam said almost in a whisper when he returned a short moment later. “It’s for you.”
“For me? Who is it?” Her eyebrows furrowed when she saw the palor on Sam's face. He didn't answer her. He just stared blankly at her. Alex could feel her gut sinking to the floor as she stepped passed the opened door and found two police officers standing there. Her mind immediately raced with the possibilities of why they were here, looking for her.
“Ma’am, are you Alexandra Bastien?” The taller of the two men asked her, his voice soft and his eyes shining with sympathy.
“Yes, is everything ok?” Alex asked, glancing from one and then to the other officer.
“Was your legal guardian a Mrs. Tamaya Chavis?” The same man asked ignoring her question.  
Alex looked back and forth between the officers. “Yes, why? What happened? Is everything ok?” She asked, her voice raising a couple octaves as continued to ignore her questions.
The officer’s looked at each other, both of them hesitating to answer.
“About an hour ago a 911 call came in to the station from a neighbor that had heard a scream,” the officer started, “Tamaya Chavis was found shortly after….”
Alex felt numb. The blood drained from her face and a chill rushed over her. A thick lump had formed in her throat that she couldn’t swallow.  She could hear what the officer was saying it just wasn’t registering. Her mind simply wouldn’t let it. She didn’t even notice she was falling, until she felt Sam’s arms around her, catching her before she hit the floor. She heard the officer finish telling her that someone had broken in to their home and murdered her Aunt Tamy, she let out a scream that shook her entire body. 
The next few days were a blur to Alex. Sam’s family had taken care of the funeral arrangements and after the service Alex met with the lawyer in charge of her Aunts’ will. There was only one thing that had been left to Alex. The lawyer handling her aunts estate handed her a small brown package and after expressing his deepest condolences, left the room. Alex tore at the paper wrapping of the package, revealing a silver box with a delicately carved design on the lid. An off white envelope was taped to the top of the box. Alex opened the envelope and tried to hold back her tears as she read the letter inside.

My Dear Alexandra,
If you are reading this, then something very bad has happened, and I am no longer there to guide you. I had hoped that this day would never come. You must know, you are special. More special than you can imagine. I wish I could tell you more, but I’m sure you will figure it all out. Remember that we are all governed by our destiny, but that destiny is of our own making. I love you, my beautiful Alex.
Aunt Tammy

Alex put the letter down and picked up the silver box. She opened the lid and what she found inside made her furrow her brows in confusion. Set gently into the deep blue velvet that lined the box was a small dagger. Alexandra ran her fingers over the hilt. It was absolutely dazzling. It was solid gold, and the handle was inlaid with the most peculiar red stone. When her fingers trailed over the cold metal she felt a strange electricity rush through her. She yanked her hand away and clamped the lid of the box shut. Why would her Aunt Tammy leave her such an odd thing?

5


Balthazar was only one hundred and fifty, much younger than the typical Lord Sultan. He was on the cusp of manhood and while no one doubted that he would one day be as powerful as his father, he was not yet so. He knew it, and everyone else knew it also.
He stood in the Grand Hall of the palace, staring silently at the throne where his father would sit and hold court. The room was massive, even by Devasi standards, and was built for one purpose. To impress. The gleaming white marble that his royalty was characterized by covered the floors and walls. Gold fixtures dangled from the vaulted ceiling, holding hundreds of candles that lit the room to a magnificent glow when parties were hosted here. Inlaid colorful marble formed detailed frescos of Devasi lore along two of the walls. It was a festive room that also conveyed the wealth and power of his people. 
Balthazar's face was an emotionless mask, but underneath it a storm of anger raged. His father, the great and powerful Lord Sultan Sami, had reigned for over four hundred years. He should have reigned for another two at least, but instead he died a pitiful death. 
Balthazar may not have reached his full potential yet, but he would not stand idly by and watch while would be usurpers vied for his throne. He had to act quickly if he was to secure his birthright. Just because he was the crown prince didn't mean that he would be anointed. Especially not at his young age, and with as many brothers as he had. Once he did that, he would expand his kingdom, and he would start with the Asuri. His father may have been powerful, and well respected, but he had grown too passive in his rule. Balthazar would never bow down to Lord Krishna as his father had. He lacked the power to take him on at the moment, but he would find a way to change that.
“Prince Balthazar,” Darius called as he came shuffling up behind him. “You summoned me?”
“Convene my father’s council,” Balthazar said, eyes still locked on the gilded dais the royal white cushions were set upon. Without waiting for a response he stalked out of the room.



The most coveted position in the kingdom was that of the Divan. It was his responsibility to carry out the orders and will of the Lord Sultan. Darius was a very stern man, short and balding, that cared nothing for frivolous luxuries. Despite being a remarkably studious man, his clothes were often disheveled and entirely out of fashion. He cared only about the kingdom, and serving his Lord Sultan to the best of his abilities 
There were three men, Darius being one, and one woman on the Lord Sultan’s Council. The eldest member of the council was a war hardened, crotchety old man by the name of Baal Arash. His hair was cropped short around his head and he usually sported a healthy amount of black stubble on his jaw. His duty was to the general security of the kingdom as well as over all the military, second only to the Lord Sultan in command.
“The boy is too young to claim the throne,” Baal said, watching the other members of the council closely for their reactions.
“What do you propose we do, give the crown to you?” Darius asked, peeking up at him through bushy raised brows. He knew what the old man was thinking. Baal would seize power for himself if given the chance, even though he didn't have a lick of royal blood in him. Darius would not let that happen. He had been the right hand of Sultan Sami, and had a direct hand in rearing the princes of the kingdom. Balthazar was young, but he was powerful and had been raised from the moment of birth to take this position. It was his birthright, even though he would now have to fight for it.
The heavy wooden double doors to the council chambers opened and Balthazar entered the room dressed in a white silk tunic, a pair of white pants that were fitted at the calf and ballooned comfortably around his thighs, and a simple pair of white leather sandals on his feet. White was a color reserved for royalty, and only the Lord Sultan was allowed to dress entirely in white. Balthazar was sending a very clear message to the council and everyone else who might see him in the palace. He settled himself cross-legged on the thick pile of cushions at the head of the council table and took a moment to inspect the council members. 
“Baal,” he began, his eyes narrowing onto him, “You were responsible for the security in this kingdom. Your ineptitude has caused us all to suffer a great loss.” 
“Prince Balthazar,” Baal said, emphasizing the word prince. “I would like to know what authority you have to convene this council. You are but a prince in this kingdom.”
 “I became the acting Lord Sultan the moment my father was murdered in his bed, under your watch,” he bit out. His face was a placid mask but his charcoal eyes burned red hot as he continued to glare at Baal. “You are dismissed from your position. Be thankful I am allowing you to keep your life.”
Baal remained frozen on his cushion, not believing what had just happened. He looked to the other council members, but they avoided his gaze. Certainly this could not be happening. When he walked in this room, he had a plan all ready to execute that would lead to his eventual accession to the throne. He knew at that very moment that he had not only underestimated Balthazar, but the other members of the council as well. He wouldn't make the same mistake again. He rose from his cushion and stalked out of the room. This was not over.
“Summon Tavi,” Balthazar said looking over to Darius once Baal had left the council chambers. “He is to replace Baal as Lord Adviser.”  
Tavi was a half-brother of Balthazar. His mother was a concubine of Sultan Sami, and because of this status he would never be eligible for the throne. The half brothers had shared many tutors as they grew up and everyone in the kingdom knew how close they were.
“My Lord,” Arastoo spoke up, as Darius hurried out of the room to fetch Tavi. “I feel I must bring up an issue of dire importance.”
Arastoo Delshad was a lanky man that had a knack for dressing with flare. His white hair was combed neatly around his pale face and his purple eyes looked back at Balthazar unblinking. He was the Lord Enchanter, and very good at what he did. Magic could be an incredibly powerful force, and even though Arastoo had no physical strength, which was so uncharacteristic of the Devasi, his abilities with magic were enough to elevate him to nobility.
“You must hold a Taj Festival and be anointed. Until then, you are not officially Lord Sultan,” Arastoo said. “I'm afraid you're orders will not be very effective until such a time.”
“I am aware of that,” Balthazar replied, waving off his concern. He knew what the Lord Enchanter was really interested in, and it wasn't the legalities of his reign. “I will entrust the details to you.”
“Of course, My Lord,” Arastoo replied with a toothy grin on his face. “I will plan for it to commence two moons hence. It will be a grand affair, worthy of your house.”
“That is not soon enough,” Balthazar said, “I want it done in two weeks.”
“Two weeks, My Lord?” Arastoo’s face fell. To orchestrate and execute a festival of that magnitude in such little time would be quite a feat. “That is not nearly enough time.”
“Do as I say,” Balthazar said, his voice holding a chill that sent a shiver down Arastoo’s spine. “And don't question me again. Or you'll find yourself joining Baal.”
“Of course, My Lord,” Arastoo said as he shrunk back into his cushion.
The only woman on the council was the Khaja, Adira Parastu. It was extremely rare for a woman to hold such a position. Her chief duty was the overseeing of all the palace staff, organizing them to ensure that the palace ran smoothly. She did a good job, but the real reason she held the position was Sultan Sami’s personal affections toward the Lady. Adira had been his wet nurse and nanny when Sami was an infant. She was old now, with peppered hair and a round, wrinkled face. One look at her easily showed her exhaustion with her position, though her stubborn nature would never let her resign on her own. Balthazar could see that her brown eyes were bloodshot from her mourning the untimely death of Sami.
“Lady Adira,” Balthazar said, his voice taking on a softer tone. “You are in your older years now, with a daughter in the palace harem, is that correct?”
“Yes your Majesty, my family was honored with my daughter’s induction as a concubine to Sultan Sami,” she replied humbly with a bow in her head.
“If you would so desire, you may resign your position on the council and take a new position as the Lady of the Harem. You will reside there and oversee the concubines and wives of my father.”
Lady Adira was speechless. This was a great honor for her. No one but the most beautiful of women, or most noble, lived in the harem. She was neither, but she would relish the opportunity to be so close to her daughter. 
“My Lord, you honor me greatly. I will do my best to ensure that the ladies of your father are well looked after.” 
Tavi entered the room, the Divan following closely behind him, and they both settled into their cushions at the table.
 “My Lord,” Tavi spoke up, bowing his head deeply. “I am honored by your generosity.”
“It is not generosity, Tavi. I am confident that no one is better suited for the position,” Balthazar replied as he reached into a pocket and pulled out a crumpled piece of parchment, tossing it onto the table before his half brother.
“There was a crudely drawn map of the Palace found beside father's body,” Balthazar said, his eyes locking with Tavi's.
“So we have a traitor,” Tavi replied, picking up the paper. He lifted it to his nose, and took a deep inhale. His eyes narrowed as he recognized the faint scent that remained on the parchment. 
“An Asuri assassin,” Balthazar said, confirming his brother’s already evident suspicions. “I expect you to find out who helped him.”
“Of course,” Tavi said, pausing before speaking again. “I would also like to personally secure our borders.”
“As I suspected you would,” Balthazar replied, a ghost of a smile on his lips.

6


Balthazar sat in what was once his father's office. All though he wasn't officially the Lord Sultan yet, he would be soon enough. He had spent the rest of the morning after the council meeting shuffling through the papers on his father's desk, trying to familiarize himself with the current state of his kingdom. Things did not look good and it was now apparent that his father had been making the situation appear less dire than it was. Every one of their neighboring countries were beginning to encroach on their borders, in spite of them being allies. The Devasi kingdom had grown weak and everyone sensed it. They had been waiting for the right time to strike and that time was going to be now. Balthazar had to consolidate his power and show everyone that he wasn't too young to take the throne, or the kingdom would fall to their enemies. 
The door of the office opened and a hunched old figure shuffled in. The man leaned heavily on a crooked wooden staff as he made his way over to the pile of cushions opposite Balthazar, his long white beard swaying with each hobbled step.
“You summoned me, boy?” Salaman said as he settled himself into a cross-legged position. His milky blue eyes focused on Balthazar. Salaman was the Head Elder and oldest living Devasi citizen. If anyone in the kingdom could tell him how to reach a new level of power, it was Salaman. Balthazar was loath to admit it, but he needed the old man. He needed the wealth of knowledge that his many years had brought him.
“You know my reasons,” Balthazar said, settling an impatient stare on him. “I don't have time for you to waste.”
“Of course,” Salaman said, with a slow nod. He took in a deep, steady breath and glanced around the office. He looked down at his lap and carefully picked a piece of fuzz from his tunic. “You always were an impatient little thing. I remember when you were born--”
“I told you not to waste my time,” Balthazar said, his voice rising. “There's no need for pleasantries. Get to the point.”
“Very well,” Salaman said, raising his hands in the air in supplication. “You are Lord Sami's choice as heir. I counseled him in such an opinion. It is unfortunate that it will come to pass before you are truly ready.”
“I know all this already,” Balthazar said, gritting his teeth in annoyance. “Get. To. The. Point.”
“I will lend my blessing in anointing you, and that will help the nobility to accept your reign,” Salaman said, speaking slow as ever and unperturbed by Balthazar's growing anger. “However, you know that will not be enough. There are too many threats to your rule, and you do not possess the power to oppose them all.”
“Then tell me what to do about it,” Balthazar said. He could accept the fact that his current power level was insufficient, but there had to be a way to augment it. Lord Sultan's had done so in the past. It was well known that his great grand sire had massively increased his power, nearly over night. Though he had disappeared before anyone knew how. 
“It won't be easy,” Salaman said, his milky eyes wandering. “You haven't even gained control of your inner beast.”
“I can contain it,” Balthazar said, narrowing his eyes on the old man. He didn't know what his inner beast had to do with anything. 
“Containing it will not be enough,” Salaman said. “The beast is intimately connected with your power. You must learn to harness it, to control it. You must master the darkness that would otherwise take over your mind.”
“That's impossible,” Balthazar scoffed. “No one has ever gained control over their beast.”
Everyone struggled with containing the darkness that lurked within them. It was not a particularly difficult thing to suppress the inner beast, but to actually control it was another matter. Balthazar wouldn't even want to attempt letting the damn thing out of the mental cage he had it locked securely in.
“Nonetheless,” Salaman said, “That is the path to the power that you need.”
“Very well,” Balthazar said his eyes narrowing, “how do I go about controlling the beast? I assume you know?”
“I may,” Salaman said as he began to stroke at his snowy beard, “However, mastering your beast will not be enough either.”
“Explain,” Balthazar said, a scowl forming on his face. “And make it quick. My patience is already tried with you.”
“The threats you face require more,” Salaman said, “ and nothing short of transformation will help you.”
“I think you may have become demented in your old age,” Balthazar said, his voice dipping low. “Transformation is more of a myth than controlling one's beast.”
“It is no myth,” Salaman said. A satisfied smirk spread across his cracked lips. “But you will require something very particular to assist you.”
“I'll indulge you,” Balthazar said, leaning back on his cushion. “Tell me what I need.”
“A human,” Salaman said. “A human will have the power you need to conquer your beast and facilitate a transformation.”
“A human,” Balthazar echoed, his eyes narrowing as he leaned forward again. “Now I know you've lost your mind. There's no such thing.”
“It has been many centuries,” Salaman said, a peculiar smile creeping on his face, “but that will soon change.”
“You see the future,” Balthazar said, taking note of the knowing smile the old man now wore. “It is a well known fact. So tell me, old man, what you have seen?”
“Unfortunately I cannot,” Salaman said, as he rose suddenly from his cushion. He moved surprisingly fast for such an old creature. “I have told you all that I can.” 
“I have not dismissed you,” Balthazar said, a growl echoing his words.
“And I do not require you to,” Salaman said, turning for a moment to look at Balthazar. “You will have the power you need at the precise moment you need it and not a breath before. Until then, I hope you'll be around when it comes time for your Taj Festival.”
Balthazar growled in frustration. The old man was insufferable, and if his services had not been absolutely indispensable, Balthazar would have ripped his throat out long ago. Darius came rushing into the room, brushing past Salaman as he was leaving.
“My Lord,” he said, his breathing heavy.
“What is it?” Balthazar asked. His mind was preoccupied with the things Salaman had told him. His gaze wandered to the windows carved into the top of the room. The air outside was cool, the day was beautiful. Much too beautiful for the weight of problems that had settled so quickly upon his shoulders.
“Your younger brother, Hasan,” Darius said, still trying to catch his breath. His words broke through the thoughts in Balthazar's head. He looked up at Darius.
“Has he disgraced himself yet again?” Balthazar asked. It wouldn’t surprise him. Hasan was always doing something stupid to disgrace the family. He had far too much of his mother in him, in Balthazar’s opinion.
“He has joined with Baal,” Darius said, pausing, “They've taken half the royal army with them. Hasan is attempting to steal the throne from you.”

7


Alexandra’s jaw hung open, her clogged nasal passage forcing her to breathe through her mouth. Her swollen red eyes stared blankly out the window. A dead glaze hid the once vibrant life that once shone in her emerald eyes. She sat in the window seat of a guest wing one in Sam’s house. It had become her new home since she had no other relatives and Aunt Tammy hadn't owned their house. Even though she had spent many weekends staying over at Sam's house, she still couldn't feel at home here. It was too big. His parents were obscenely wealthy and they made a point of showing that off in the form of this sprawling mansion.
She had spent most of her days sitting in this window. Just sitting quietly and watching. Every now and then she would burst into a fit of tears until her body was sore and she couldn’t cry anymore. Then she would fall into a restless sleep before waking to repeat the cycle. Sam would come in every now and again to force food and drink upon her, trying his best to care for her. She knew that he was terribly worried about her. She could see it all over his face. It wasn't like she wanted to feel like this. She just didn't quite know what to do now. So she just sat and watched, because it felt like the only appropriate thing to do.
It was the afternoon before last when she noticed a peculiar man standing on the other side of the street. He was abnormally tall with a thick chest. His face carried a white beard, and bushy eyebrows that stood out on his weathered face, hiding his eyes. He had been watching her, for how long before she noticed him she didn't know. She watched him back for a few moments before he turned and walked away.
Now, the man was back. This time he was on her side of the road, and as he passed just in front of the window Alex sat in, he stopped. The man looked up into the window, his eyes meeting Alexandra’s.  A tingle raced down her spine. She knew this man. She didn’t know how, or where, but recognition hit her when her face met his. It was his eyes. Something about those charcoal eyes that tickled at her memories. She rose to her feet; this could not be a coincidence. This man had been watching her, and Alex wanted to know why. She was just about to rush out of her room and into the street to confront the man when the door to her bedroom swung open.
“Oh good, you’re up,” Sam said, barging into the room. His voice was light, with a forced humor to it. Alex turned back to the window, ignoring her friend and his forced enthusiasm, but the man had already vanished.
“Would you stop with that window?” Sam said, as he walked further into the room. “It’s not healthy, what you're doing.”
“I’m not doing anything,” Alex said. She dropped a knee onto the window seat and leaned forward as far as she could, craning her neck to look up and down the street. ”Have you noticed an old man around the neighborhood? White hair, white beard? Kinda strange…”
Sam sighed, shaking his head. He knew that it would take time for Alex to heal, but she was exhibiting some rather disturbing behavior. Something needed to be done. Alex needed to socialize, and she needed to be around her friends and other people that cared about her. Not wasting away, staring out of a window all day.  
“Alex,” he said, stepping up behind her and putting his hands on her shoulders. “We're gonna go camping.” 
“I don’t want to go camping,” she said, finally moving her eyes away from the window and turning to look at Sam. He had anticipated this, but he had also resolved not to give up. He would get her out of the house if it was the last thing he did, and he had recruited some back up.
“You don’t have to want to, but you’re going to,” he said, his balled fists placed firmly on his narrow hips as Alex made her way towards the bed. 
Alex knew that he was only trying to help. She also knew that he didn't plan on leaving her alone until he got his way. She could see the determination there in his eyes. She sighed. There was no use in trying to fight; she didn't have the energy for it.
“Fine, when are we leaving?” she asked, once again turning to look out the window.
“Half an hour. I already loaded the car. Will and Kat are gonna come too,” he said, flashing her a satisfied smile. Alex mustered a forced half smirk back at him.
This was Sam's version of an intervention, and he had called in the big guns. She couldn’t blame him. She could imagine trying to do the same for him. Alex wanted to feel better; she wanted to get on with her life, but it felt like a ton of bricks was constantly resting on her chest. It was so tiring. She kept alternating between burning pain and raw numbness, and she was so ready for it all to be over with.
Alex knew the last thing her Aunt Tammy would want was her to waste away like this. She knew she had to wake from this lethargy and get her life back together. She had to try.
 “Ok,” she said, forcing her voice to sound more optimistic. “I’ll get packed.”
“Three days,” Sam said, his smile broadening. He wrapped Alex in an awkward hug and squeezed her tightly. “I promise it'll get better. This'll be fun. You need that right now.”
He pulled back a little to look down at her. He flashed a lopsided smile that didn't quite reach his eyes and Alex forced a smile back at him. 
“I know,” she said, and she believed those words. She did need time to get over this and three days in the woods with her friends seemed like a good way to start. Sam left her to finish getting ready, closing the door behind him.
Alex walked over to the walk in closet in the corner of the room, and pulled a ratted pink backpack down from the top shelf. She packed a couple changes of clothes, something to sleep in, a book she had been reading on and off, and a few things she would need to bathe in the small lake at the campsite.  Alex and Sam had been camping at the same spot since as long as she could remember. She cherished those times, remembering the peace that would wash over her as she sat before a roaring campfire, marshmallows roasting on an untwisted wire hanger. It had been a few years since they had been camping, and the more Alex thought about it, the more excited she got. This camping trip was just what she needed to start pulling herself back together. She looked around her room, thinking of anything else she might need. A sparkle under her bed caught her eye, and she walked over to it. Reaching under the bed, she pulled out the small silver box that was her only inheritance. Alexandra hadn’t told anybody about it, not even Sam. 
“Alex!” Sam hollered from downstairs. “They're here. Let’s get going. I wanna miss the traffic.”
“I’m coming,” she called back, shoving the silver box into the bag and heading downstairs. 
They arrived at the campsite just before sunset. The light of the dying sun played off the small lake like a million fireflies in the air, lending a surreal feeling to the clearing that bordered one side of the shore.  There was a vast forest that splayed out in every direction around them with only one long dirt road that led in and out of civilization. The evening air was cool, hinting at the onset of the winter months to come. 
Will and Sam got to work setting up the tent and the other camping gear they had brought along while Kat and Alex walked through the less dense area's of the surrounding forest, picking up kindling and wood for a fire. 
The four friends sat around the campfire late into the night, roasting marshmallows and trading scary stories. Kat and Will decided to sleep in the tent, while Alexandra and Sam fell asleep outside in their sleeping bags, gazing up at the stars sparkling brightly above them.



Alex woke suddenly from her slumber, her eyes opening to see the stars shining high above her. A light breeze blew through the campsite, and for an instant Alex thought she heard her name, like a whisper on the wind. Alexandra. 
She heard it again. She sat up in her sleeping bag and glanced around the campsite. The embers of the once raging campfire had died to a soft glow. The night was quiet, unusually so. She listened for the chirp of a cricket, or the snapping of twigs in the distance. There was nothing but a deafening silence around her.
A movement just beyond the tree line caught her eye. She squinted trying to make out what it was.  A pair of almond eyes, shining in the darkness, suddenly popped out at her. Her head whipped around to Sam, who was still peacefully asleep. She looked back to where she had seen the eyes, but they were gone. Her heart hammered against her ribcage, threatening to pop right out onto the ground. 
“Alexandra,” a deep voice cut through the silence of the night behind her.
Alex snapped her head around to see the white haired man from the window. She quickly rose out of her sleeping bag and turned to face him. Every nerve in her body was screaming at her to run, but where would she go? And what about her friends? Her eyes darted over to the tent where Will and Kat slept. 
There was something…inhuman about this man. A fleshy tip of ear stuck far out past locks of white hair that now seemed unnaturally aged. His eyes were a mesmerizing charcoal color, with a black slit for a pupil. He looked almost animalistic.
“Who are you? And why have you been following me?” Alex demanded. She tried to speak loud enough to wake her friends, but Sam just grunted and rolled over in his sleeping bag. He was such a hard sleeper that a cannon going off wouldn't rouse him.
“There’s no time,” the man said, taking a few steps closer and holding his hand out to her, expecting her to take it. “You must come with me.”
His fingers were tipped with nails that tapered to a fine point, and when he spoke Alex saw the pointed fangs of his canines glistening in the moonlight. He must think she was crazy. Why would she ever go anywhere with him. Her mind searched for a way out. Even if her friends were to wake up, she wasn't even sure that they could all manage to take this man down. His hair and eye color made him look old, but beneath his clothing, Alex could see bulging muscles. There was also the possibility that he had a weapon on him. Alex's mind clicked and she remembered the dagger she had stowed in her bag.
“I’ve seen you before. In the neighborhood,” Alex said, ignoring the fright that shook through her. “but…you looked different... more human.”
“I can alter my form while in this land. What you are seeing now is my true form,” the man said, his strange eyes sparkling softly in the moonlight.
“Ok,” Alex said, taking a step closer to her backpack, “so why are you following me?”
“I knew your parents, Alexandra,” the man said, dropping his outstretched hand when he realized she wasn't going to take it. “I'd really like for you to come with me.”
“I’m not going to go anywhere with you,” she scoffed, her mind reeling from his statement about knowing her parents. “And how do you know my name?”
“I knew Tammy as well,” he said. “She was a very good friend of mine.”
“Funny,” Alex said, narrowing her eyes and forcing back the pain that hearing that name brought. “I don't remember seeing you at her funeral.”
“No,” the man said, shaking his head. “Sadly I couldn't go. But I would have liked to have been there.”
“How did you know my parents?” Alex asked. She took a step closer to her bag. If only she could get to that dagger, maybe she could scream and wake her friends and they could fight this crazy man off.
At first he said nothing. Alex wondered if he had even heard her. Finally, he glanced over his shoulder and shrugged.
“Now is not the time for that,” he said. “I'll tell you all about them if you just come with me.”
Alex took another step back and felt her foot bumping against her bag. She could feel a bead of sweat dripping down her cheek in spite of the cool weather. The man took a step forward and Alex knew she had to act now. She bent over and ripped into her back, throwing out clothes as she tried to reach the box with the dagger. From her peripheral vision she could see the man rushing forward. Her fingers grazed the cold metal of the box that held the dagger and she yanked it out of her bag. The lid to the box snapped open and the dagger went tumbling across the ground.
Before she even had time to stand, she felt a sharp sting in her chest. She looked down to see the glittering gold handle of the dagger sticking out of her chest. Her eyes followed the hand that grasped the hilt to the face of the white haired man. How had he moved so fast?
“I know this part can be painful,” he said, “but it'll be over soon enough.”

8


The sound of heavy footsteps roused Alex from an unconscious state. Her eyes cracked open to see the landscape slowly passing by. Her mind was cloudy. Her head felt like it weighed a ton. She tried to lift her arms but she found it hard to move. It took her a moment to realize that she was tied down. The men carrying her noticed she was awake and stopped their marching, calling out for someone to come and see.
A man approached her, the pointed tips of his ears showing through chin length locks of black hair.  His eyes were a peculiar golden hue, with a black slit for a pupil that was trained on her. He looked young, with broad shoulders that tapered to a narrow waist. He was shirtless and Alex found herself taking in every dip and dent in his ridiculously well carved torso. Even though he looked inhuman, he was decidedly handsome and Alex felt her cheeks heating up as his attention focused on her.
“Who are you?” Tavi demanded. “And what business do you have in these lands?”
All Alex could do was stare dumbfounded back at him, unsure of how to answer or what to even say to him. His questions had barely registered through the haziness in her mind. She tried to remember how she had gotten here.
“Answer,” he barked. Alex jumped a bit at the harshness in his voice. 
“I…I’m Alexandra,” she sputtered. 
“From what land do you come?” He asked, his eyes examining her carefully as he knelt down to look at her more closely.
“Where am I?” Alex asked, her voice cracking as she looked around at the other creatures that were staring at her. “Who are you?”
Tavi narrowed his golden eyes at the young girl before him. Without another word he straightened and turned away from her, speaking over his shoulder at the others to keep moving.
The small group of around fifty men marched most of the day and partly into the night. Aside from the few words that were exchanged earlier, she was pretty much ignored the whole time. She tried to speak with some of the men that were marching in close proximity to her, but they didn't speak back. They continued to march on, acting like she wasn’t even there. When they finally stopped for the night, the men went to work putting up tents and building fires. Alex was left alone, still tied to the makeshift cot she was being carried on, in one corner of the small camp. She shivered as the chill in the air bit through the thin fabric of her pajamas. A light blanket had been given to her, but it didn't help much. Her stomach churned with a mixture of hunger and anxiety. She wasn’t aware of it, but all the men in the camp could smell the fear in her aura.
Once everyone was settled, pots of food cooking over the open campfires, Tavi made his way over to Alex with a bowl of stewed meat chunks and a crude gravy paste. He stood over her, studying her for a few moments before untying her hands and handing her the bowl. Alex gazed helplessly back up at him, wondering what his intentions were for her, wondering how long he would keep her captive like this. As she began to eat the food, Tavi sat cross-legged on the hard ground in front of her. His movements were so fast that she hadn’t even registered him moving until he was already sitting.
“What are you?” Tavi asked, his voice much softer than it had been before. The girl’s scent was strange, like nothing he had ever encountered before. She had an even stranger aura. He inhaled deeply.  Her scent was almost intoxicating. Tavi found himself growing slightly uncomfortable at the intensity of her aura. 
“I don’t understand,” she said, shaking her head helplessly, her eyes misting over. “What do you want with me?”
Tavi leaned forward a bit. “I want you to give me some answers,” he said coldly. The girl’s aura betrayed her rising fear, the heady stench hanging in the air.
“I’m…human,” she said, hoping that was the answer he was looking for. She didn't know what else to say to him. “American,” she stuttered as an afterthought. 
Tavi stared calmly back at her, but internally his mind raced. Humans were a myth. At least he had always thought they were. He had no idea what an American was, but he assumed she was referring to her kingdom.
Tavi studied the girl’s features more closely. He noticed she had rounded ears, and short, blunt nails. Intense green irises surrounded a rounded black pupil. He didn't know what humans were supposed to look like, but given the girl's strangeness he was inclined to believe that she was one.
“Where am I?” Alex asked, breaking into Tavi’s thoughts. Her voice shook a little with fright, but she did a good job of keeping it from her face. Tavi could admire that.
“You are in Devas,” he said, his voice losing some of its edge, “My people have tales of humans, but I have never seen one. I did not believe they truly existed.”
“What are you?” Alex asked, even though she feared learning the answer to that question. She half expected him not to answer at all.
“I'm a demon,” he said, a twinkle in his eye that unnerved Alex and sent a shiver down her spine. He stood up and hovered over her for just a moment. “You are in the land of demons, girl, and I'm going to bring you to Lord Balthazar.”

9


Alex waited for the camp to die down, all the demons sleeping peacefully in their tents. She had tucked the spoon that came with her dinner into the blanket that was wrapped around her. It had a bit of a rough edge to it, and now she was furiously trying to use it to cut through the rope that was tightly knotted around her ankles. Finally, she felt the last fibers snapping and she was off that horrid cot a split second later.
She ran as fast as her legs would carry her. Droplets of sweat began to bead on her brow as she fled through the trees. She had no idea where she was going, but that didn't matter. Her heart beat heavily against her ribcage, her legs aching with the exertion, but she refused to stop. She had to get away. She had to find a way back. Back to her friends and back to civilization with actual human beings.
In the distance behind her, she heard a feral howl cut through the night. She pushed herself harder than her quickly numbing legs were already working, trying to put as much distance between her and the demons as she could. Her foot caught on a root and she fell to the ground, a whimper escaping her lips as her knees and hands were scraped trying to catch herself. She struggled to pick herself up.
“Well, look what we have here,” a voice said behind her. “Aren't you somethin' special.”
Alex whipped her head around to see a demon in filth-stained clothing standing over her. He lifted his crooked nose, his nostrils flaring as he scented the air.
“You smell good little girl,” he said, a smirk playing across his face that showed gapped yellow teeth. “We're gonna have fun with you I think.”
Alex glanced around her and saw two other figures hovering around her in the darkness. 
“What do you want?” She demanded, trying to pick herself up off the ground. They ignored her question, stepping closer and closing in on her. 
“Hold her down,” the demon spoke again, “I found her. I get her first.”
The other two grabbed Alex so fast she didn’t have time to comprehend their movements. She struggled as best she could against her assailants, but it was no use. They were inhumanly strong and she was already weakened by what she had been through. She was forced to the ground and held firmly in place. The demon came closer, untying his cloth belt, with a sickening grin on his face. His teeth had the same pointed canines, but they were yellowed and decaying, not white and elegant like the others she had seen.
“Leave me alone!” Alex shrieked, struggling with everything she had. The pointy tips of their dirty claws dug into the skin of her arms. She winced as droplets of blood leaked out. 
The demon climbed on top of Alex, his rank breath filling her nostrils as he settled himself between her legs. He ripped through her pajama pants, his claws tearing into her flesh in his haste to remove her clothes. She screamed out at the pain. The filthy demon’s chest rumbled in pleasure, a purr that showed his clear enjoyment at her distress. Alex turned her face away, closing her eyes as she readied herself for what was to come. 
Hot droplets of wetness fell onto her cheek and the demon above her stilled. She opened her eyes to see the demon frozen above her, eyes wide and mouth hanging open. He was flung away from her like a rag doll, blood gushing from a gaping wound in his neck. 
Alex looked up to see Tavi, blood dripping from the claws of his right hand as it held a chunk of bloody flesh. He looked down at her with what could only be described as annoyance.
“Stupid girl,” he grumbled. “You're going to get yourself killed.”
He turned to the other two demons, still holding Alex down. They released her arms and stood ready for a fight. Tavi answered their looks with a sharp growl. 
Faster than Alexandra’s eyes could follow, he was before one of the men. His hand wrapped around the throat of his victim, crushing his windpipe. The last demon turned to run, but Tavi was already beside him. Placing one hand on his shoulder, the other went right through his turned back.  Blood poured from his shredded torso as Tavi released him.
Tavi stood a small distance from Alexandra, panting slightly, his clothes and hands bloodstained.  He turned to look at her over his shoulder, his eyes narrowing.
“I…I’m sorry,” Alex said, visibly shaking. She tried to scoot away from him, but her body was too sore and beaten to function the way she wanted it to.
Tavi snorted, appearing before her in an instant and yanking her off the ground. She was bloody with numerous wounds on her delicate frame, barely hidden by the remnants of her pajamas. Tavi tossed her easily over his shoulder and took off in the direction of the camp. Bloody and exhausted, Alex felt utterly helpless. She was a prisoner to this demon, even if he did just save her life.

10


Tavi tossed Alex down onto the bed in the center of his tent. Pain wracked every limb of her body as she bounced lightly on the overstuffed feather mattress. His tent was large, with swaths of fabric falling from the roof to separate it into sections. It was dark, lit only by a few candles that were scattered throughout, and a small brazier of coals in the middle that provided warmth from the cold of the night.
She stilled on the bed as the demon towered over her, his eyes narrowed disapprovingly. His fingers worked to untie the blood spattered silk shirt that covered his absurdly toned torso and the garment slid off his shoulders, falling noiselessly to the ground. Alex instinctively roamed over the hard curves of lean muscle and felt her cheeks growing hot. She quickly looked away from him, running a hand through her dirtied hair.
Tavi’s nose twitched as it caught the tangy sweet smell of the girl’s faint, but unmistakable arousal.  He turned away from her and made his way to the other side of his tent where a small table held a pitcher filled with water. He grabbed a clean washcloth and began to wash the blood from his hands.
When he finished, he rang the cloth out and turned to face the girl sitting on his bed. His face betrayed no emotion but he was utterly perplexed by her. She was a frustrating paradox. Tavi could clearly smell the terror in her aura, but her ever-increasing arousal was also very apparent. Not to mention the fact that she was actually a human being, and his men had found her lying unconscious just inside their borders. He didn't know what to make of her. He wasn't sure if she was a threat to his kingdom, perhaps sent to spy on them, or worse, or whether she was just some innocent human girl that had gotten caught up in something way over her head. She seemed innocent enough, and Tavi couldn't smell any deception coming off her, but with the Lord Sultan's recent assassination he couldn't be too careful. Still, he hadn't intended any harm to come to her, at least not until he found out more about why she was here.
Without a word, Tavi bent down and reached out for Alexandra’s bloodied feet. She pulled away, her eyes wide with terror and attempted to scoot further back on the bed. A sharp growl made her freeze.
“Continue to fight me and you will find yourself in much more pain little girl,” Tavi said. He didn't want to hurt her, but he didn't want to spend the night struggling to treat her wounds either.
“I’m not...” she shook her head and sighed heavily, “I don’t know what you want from me.”
Tavi reached for her ankle again, this time moving slowly as he sat down on the edge of the bed. When she let him grab her leg, he scooted a little further up. He bent over and brought his lips to her thigh, hovering above a large gash that was still oozing blood. Her eyes watched him warily as her arousal continued to increase. He began to sweep his tongue across the large wound, carefully lapping up all the blood and soaking the surrounding area with a good bit of saliva. She squirmed and wriggled, trying to get away from him.
“What are you doing?” she asked, trying to pull her leg away from him. Tavi wanted to sigh in annoyance. She acted like she was terribly offended by the gesture, and yet the scent of her arousal was almost to a point of discomfort.
“Be still girl,” Tavi commanded, his voice low and soft. “I'm only trying to heal you.”
“But you're—“ Alex promptly stopped struggling when she saw the torn skin on her thigh close over and heal right before her eyes. Tavi continued to lick the larger wounds and scratches that covered her body, each one healing only moments after his tongue dragged over it. When he had finished, he wiped a small smear of blood of his chin and looked up at her.
“How is that possible?” Alex asked, as she examined her now completely healed body. 
“There’s a component of my saliva that will heal almost any wound, so long as it's not life threatening,” Tavi said very matter-of-factly, as if Alex should have already known that.
“Can all demons do that?” she asked. She ran a finger over the spot on her thigh that had been gouged and bleeding only moments ago. 
“Only Devasi,” Tavi said. He paused for a moment, as if he were thinking. “Only Devasi royalty.”
“Oh,” Alex said, looking up at him. She had a curious look in her eyes as she settled back into the cushions on the bed.
“Did you honestly think that you would get away?” Tavi asked. He leaned back a on the bed, examining her as he waited for her answer.
“What would you do if someone was holding you against your will?” she said softly, avoiding the half-naked demon’s gaze.
The girl had a point. Tavi had to admit that he too would try to escape if he was in her position. He climbed off the bed and walked to the other side of the tent, where another table held the possessions that where found with her. Tavi picked up the small silver box with the intricate carvings on top.
“Hey, that's my stuff” she said, her voice rising as she moved to get off the bed.
“Where did you obtain this?” he asked, turning to face her with the silver box held up for her to see.
“That’s none of your business,” Alex said. She reached out to grab at it, but Tavi quickly pulled it out of her grasp.
Tavi narrowed his eyes at her. She really was a most ungrateful creature. He had rescued her from rape and death, treated her wounds, and now she would not even answer a simple question. Tavi had never met a woman so disrespectful and frankly he'd had enough of it. Before Alex could blink he was on top of her, his body pressing hers against a thick timber that held the tent up. 
“You will answer my question,” Tavi said straining to hold back a growl.
“No, I will not,” Alex said, sticking her chin out in defiance. Her eyes glared back at Tavi, determination shining in them, but he could still smell her fear. What an interesting creature she was. A bundle of contradictions. He wondered what his brother would think of her. Tavi let out a deep growl that shook the cloth walls of the tent. Alex flinched, and her fear rose, but still she said nothing.
“If you continue to defy me, your fate will be lamentable,” he warned, his voice barely more than a whisper as his face invaded hers.
Alex just stared back at him, defiance still plastered on her face. In an instant Tavi had whirled her around so that he was standing behind her. His arm wrapped around her midsection and pulled her into him. He firmly grasped her narrow chin with his other hand, and pulled her ear close to his mouth. 
“You will submit to me, girl.  Or I will make the intentions of your previous attackers look tame,” he said, his voice a velvety whisper as his hot breath tickled the lobe of her ear.
The scruff of his unshaven face scratched against the skin of her neck as a low rumble echoed in his chest and vibrated through Alex. She felt the heat in her stomach begin to stir again as her back was pressed further into the muscular chest of the powerful demon behind her. The heat of his body warmed Alex through her badly torn pajama remnants. 
Tavi felt the shift in her aura and his nostrils flared as he scented the girl’s arousal once more in the air. He released his grip with a grunt of frustration and stepped away from her.
“Sleep,” he commanded, not looking at her. “I expect you to be more forthcoming in the morning.”

11


His lips kissed a hot trail down her collarbone as she shivered in anticipation. The cold marble beneath her stung her over heated flesh. Her eyelids slid closed as the ecstasy of his touch drifted through her. “Balthazar,” she moaned, her voice a breathy mixture of arousal and uncertainty. 
Pain flooded Alexandra’s body as soon as her eyes snapped opened to the fabric roof of Tavi’s tent.  Memories flooded back from the night before and Alex let out a heavy sigh, trying to shake off the exhaustion that had suddenly overcome her.
“What ails you girl?” Tavi asked from across the tent where he sat on a thick cushion, his nose planted in her book.
 “Nothing,” Alex replied, trying to push away the memories of her dream. There was absolutely no way she was going to tell him what had just been in her mind. Especially when the subject of her dream bore such a resemblance to him. “I’m just tired.”
“Where did you learn of that name?” Tavi asked, looking up from the book and leveling a stare at her. 
Alex blushed, her cheeks heating as she thought of the man in her dreams. She hadn't realized she had actually said the name out loud. She wondered what else from the dream had escaped her lips.
“I just heard it somewhere,” she lied, shrugging her shoulders innocently as she looked up at him from under her brows.
Tavi stared at her for a long moment, making her shift uncomfortably on the bed, before he turned his attention back to the book in his hand.
“Tell me, girl, why do your people write such strange tales of blooddrinkers?”
“Blooddrinkers?” Alex asked, her brows scrunched together. “You mean vampires?”
“Yes,” Tavi said, as he flipped the page. “It's very strange.”
“It’s just a story,” Alex said, “ya know, for entertainment.”
“I don't believe I've ever met a blooddrinker that was entertaining,” he said, his brows raised in disbelief. “Much less one falling in love with anything. Is that really what you humans like?”
“Like I said, it's just—“ Alex paused, “Wait, you mean vampires actually exist here?”
“Blooddrinkers? Of course, they do,” Tavi said, “although nothing like they’re described in your world.”
“They aren’t real in my world,” Alex replied, getting a baffled look from Tavi. 
“It’s just kinda a thing where I’m from…I guess,” Alex stammered out, attempting to clarify. “I like them.”
“Very strange,” Tavi said, shaking his head as he set the book down. He stood and walked over to where her things were, once again picking up the small silver box.
“Are you going to tell me where you got this now?” he asked, his eyebrows raised. 
“Why do you want to know so badly?” Alex asked. “Why are you so concerned with that box?”
“Girl,” Tavi said, his voice harsh and echoed with a growl. Alex heaved a sigh and looked away from him. 
“My Aunt passed it on to me after she died,” Alex said, her voice soft as all the memories of her Aunt Tammy flooded back to her. “It's the only thing that I have left from her.”
“It's Devasi,” Tavi told her, “most likely from one of the royal workshops, judging by the quality.”
“I don't know where she got it,” Alex said, “If that's what your after.”
“I want to know why a human girl would have a royal dagger box,” Tavi said. “And more importantly, where's the dagger that was inside?”
He leveled an accusatory glare at her and Alex could feel the indignation rising in her throat. Did he think she had it stashed somewhere? There really wasn't anywhere in the shreds of clothing that remained on her body that she could hide it. And if she had, she probably would have used it on him already.
“I'd like to know the answer to that question as well,” Alex said with a huff. She crossed her arms over her chest. “It was after all part of my inheritance.”
Tavi simply glared back at her, his jaw tensed and his lips set in a straight line. Alex sighed and uncrossed her arms. She supposed that she could give him some answers. Aside from holding her here, he hadn't actually caused her any real harm. In fact, he had saved her and healed her. Maybe if she gave him some answers, he would give her some.
“Look, I really don't know what I'm doing here, or how I even got here,” Alex said. “The last thing I remember was going to sleep with my friends. Then I woke up here.”
Tavi continued to stare at her for a moment longer, trying to assess whether she was being truthful or not. Finally, he set the box back down on the table and walked towards the entrance of the tent. 
“Come,” he said not unkindly, motioning for her to follow him out of the tent. “You could probably use a hot bath and a meal.”

12


The water of the hot spring Tavi had directed her to bubbled around Alexandra, relaxing her sore muscles. She rested her head against the rocky side, closing her eyes. She tried to steady her mind.  Perhaps if she could concentrate she might remember something about how she got here. More importantly, she might be able to find a way back home. Her eyes slid open and landed on a particularly muscular demon standing before her, his charcoal blue gaze fixed on her half exposed breasts with a quirk in one of his eyebrows. 
“What is wrong with you people?” she shrieked, slapping a hand over her breasts. She reached over the edge of the spring for a towel to cover herself with. “I said I wasn’t going to run away, I don’t need to be watched while I’m bathing you pervert!”
His eyes slid over her body as she pulled herself out of the spring and frantically tried to cover her nudity. He lingered on her curves, not even attempting to hide his interest in them. The demon stepped closer to her, his eyes finally peeling themselves off her body to focus on her flustered face. There was something very familiar about him, but she just couldn't place it with her mind so frazzled as it was. He was shirtless, offering an even better view than Tavi's chiseled core, and he looked down at her over his perfectly narrow nose and plump kissable lips. Alex cursed her body as it began to heat up. 
“Enjoying yourself?” he asked, his voice flat and devoid of any emotion. Alex couldn't tell if he was taunting her or asking her if she was actually enjoying her bath. He took another step closer.
“Don’t come any closer,” she warned, her voice shaky as the demon continued to stalk ever closer to her.
“I suppose you're going to stop me, girl?” he asked. This time Alex definitely heard a ghost of amusement in his voice. She immediately decided that she didn't like it. Whatever his intentions were, they probably weren't good.
“There’s another demon,” she said raising a pointed finger at him as if that would stop him from coming closer, “and he will tear you to pieces, I’ve already seen him do it once. He's Devasi royalty...so...”  
“Is that so? Devasi royalty?” he asked, a smirk playing across his clean-shaven face. “And where is he now?”
He looked around to exaggerate his point. His smirk spread into a full smile that showed off beautifully deadly fanged teeth. Alexandra’s heart pounded so hard in her chest she thought it would burst right out onto the ground. The demon’s eyes held her frozen in terror as he half circled around her, continuing to assess her feminine assets.
“Lord Balthazar,” Tavi said, appearing suddenly beside him. Alex thought she saw him holding back a smirk. “I told you the human could be troublesome.”
Alex whipped her head back and forth between the two demons. A hot flush washed across her already heated flesh as the name of the demon registered, bringing flashes of her dream to mind. Her arousal lifted through the air, reaching the sensitive noses of the brother demons. They simultaneously turned to look at the girl as the musky, unmistakable aroma caught in their nostrils.
“Indeed,” Balthazar said, his eyes burning into Alex, “but intriguing nonetheless.”
“She calls herself Alexandra, my lord” Tavi said.
“Alexandra,” Balthazar said, his eyes moving from Alex to Tavi. He seemed to be mulling the name around in his mind for a while. “Come,” he said finally, speaking to Tavi, “there is much for us to discuss.”
Balthazar disappeared in a flash. Tavi turned to look at Alexandra who was still standing by the water, a damp cloth hugging her gentle curves and an expression of bewildered arousal on her face.
“I would suggest showing Lord Balthazar some respect in the future,” he said, giving her a pointed glare before disappearing as well.



Balthazar was usually high strung, which was understandable given his position, but Tavi had immediately noticed the extra stress his brother was carrying when he had showed up in the camp. Tavi had quickly given him a rundown of the measures he had taken to secure the borders, but as soon as he mentioned that he had found a human, his brother’s countenance had shifted. He’d immediately rushed out to find her and see what she was like for himself. 
Now that they had returned to Tavi’s tent, a servant was already laying out the afternoon meal. Balthazar and Tavi sat down on the cushions beside a low table. The aroma of honey from the coated strips of dried meat filled their noses, but neither one moved to eat. 
“What brings you here, my lord?” Tavi asked, finally reaching for a strip of meat and putting it on the empty plate in front of him. “I’m only about a day’s march from the palace. I sent word.”
“We have a problem,” Balthazar said, his eyes moving onto Tavi. The look on his face said everything. Tavi knew exactly why Balthazar had come here in person. There was already someone challenging his right to the throne, and there was only one person that Tavi could think of that would do that. 
“Baal?” Tavi asked, raising a brow as he leaned back.
“With Hasan,” Balthazar said. He picked up a piece of flat bread and smeared it with the vegetable paste that had been put out. “And half the royal army.” 
“Half the army?” Tavi spat, his eyes widening. He pushed his plate away. He wasn’t hungry now. Balthazar popped the piece of bread into his mouth and chewed it quietly, his eyes locked on Tavi. 
“Why don’t you seem more concerned about this?” Tavi asked, noticing an odd sense of confidence in him. Balthazar was always confident, but he was never cocky. If he wasn’t worried about this new development then he must knew something Tavi didn’t. 
“I’m not entirely sure yet,” Balthazar said, his eyes glancing thoughtfully out towards the door of the tent. 
“We need to stop him quickly,” Tavi said, more than a little disturbed by his answer, “before he has a chance to gain support from any of the nobles.”
“I agree,” Balthazar said, dabbing at the corner of his lips with a cloth napkin. “Have the men ready to move by late afternoon. Baal and Hasan are about a day’s travel from here if we move quickly.”
“All the men with me are scouts,” Tavi said. “So speed won’t be an issue. However, they aren’t exactly my best fighters and we’ll be severely outnumbered.”
“We only have to kill Baal,” Balthazar said. He leaned back a little, taking another piece of bread with him. “Hasan was never a good leader and the men with him know that. They won’t fight once we take Baal out of the equation.”
“Oh,” Tavi said, looking back at him incredulously. “Only kill Baal. That doesn’t sound terribly difficult.”
“Just leave him to me,” Balthazar said, waving off Tavi’s sarcasm. He bit into the piece of bread, tearing a chunk of with his canines. “Besides, we will have the element of surprise.”
“That’s good, cause we’re going to need it if he has half the damn army,” Tavi said. Balthazar chewed his food slowly as Tavi stared back at him, trying to figure out what had him so relaxed. “What about the human?”
“Bring her with us,” Balthazar said.
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea,” Tavi said, shaking his head. “She’s trouble.”
“I think she may be important,” Balthazar said. He leaned forward and Tavi finally saw his eyes flash with a moment of concern. “We can’t just let her go.”
“Is she the reason you’re not so worried right now?” Tavi asked, cocking his head to the side as he considered his brother.
“Maybe,” Balthazar said. “I know she plays into this, I’m just not entirely sure how.”

13


“I can walk,” Alex said with a little pout on her lips as she plopped down on the bed in Tavi’s tent. The bath had relaxed her sore muscles and she was thankful to change back into a clean pair of her jeans and a t-shirt. She ran a hand through her wet hair, lamenting the fact that her hairbrush had somehow gotten lost, and looked up at the demon that was giving her a death glare. She could see the muscles in his chiseled jaw tensing. The heat in his eyes as he looked down at her was almost too much and she struggled to maintain eye contact. He was possibly the most beautiful creature she had ever seen and the fact that his incredibly muscular torso was bare made it hard for her to think.
“Your ability to walk is not the issue girl,” Balthazar bit out. “You’re too slow.” 
“Well I don’t care,” Alex fired back, “I’ll walk. I don’t want to sit all day again.”
“You don’t have a say in the matter,” Balthazar said, leaning down and reaching for her. “Now get up.”
“I do have a say,” Alex said, scooting back a little on the bed. “I want to walk.”
Balthazar let out a low growl that made her recoil from him further. He had just met this human, but he was already exhausted with her intolerable defiance. She walked so slowly it would take days to reach Baal and Hasan and that was absolutely unacceptable. He wasn’t used to being defied, especially by a female. In truth, he wasn’t entirely sure how to handle the situation.
Balthazar reached down and wrapped a hand around Alexandra’s slender ankle before she could back away further. His unblinking blue grey eyes locked onto her wide green eyes as he yanked her down the bed towards him. Before another round of protests could leave her lips, he scooped her up and tossed her over his shoulder, walking calmly out of the tent as she squirmed and squealed, futilely pounding a fist on his back. He tossed her down onto the cot that she had spent the entire previous day on and gave her a pointed glare.
“Stay,” he commanded her with a pointed finger and raised eyebrows. Alex moved to stand, but a sharp growl from Balthazar settled her firmly back in place.
“Tavi,” Balthazar growled as his brother came up beside him, stifling a grin. “Deal with this insufferable creature. Make sure she stays put until we move out.”
Balthazar gave Alex another hard glare before he turned around and stalked back into the tent. 
“You’d be wise not to anger him girl,” Tavi said, crossing his arms as he looked down at her. He had never seen Balthazar so flustered before. This girl had managed to infuriate him in record time, and it was rather entertaining to watch. However, he knew that with everything else Balthazar was dealing with, it wasn’t smart for her to keep testing his patience.
“It’s not my fault he’s so touchy,” Alex huffed, crossing her arms and mirroring Tavi’s stare, “and stop calling me girl. My name is Alexandra. Or Alex.”
“Alexandra,” Tavi said with a lilting tone in his voice as he leaned in closer to her. “Lord Balthazar is not accustomed to being addressed so disrespectfully. So, if you enjoy breathing, I’d advise showing him some respect.”



Balthazar made himself comfortable on a cushion in Tavi’s tent. He closed his eyes and rested his hands casually on his knees. He took a deep cleansing breath and tried to push all the troublesome thoughts from his mind.  He would soon be locked in combat with an older, more experienced, and more powerful demon. His father had chosen Baal as the Lord Advisor for a reason. He was strong, fast, and ruthless. He was a very powerful and feared demon, and he also knew how to do battle. The one advantage that Balthazar had over Baal was his royal heritage. He was the first born of the royal bloodline, and that meant that his powers naturally ran very deep. But he was still young, and his abilities had not had time to fully develop. It wasn’t exactly a fair fight, and everyone knew it.
Balthazar’s mind wandered to the human that had so fortunately landed in his lap. Salaman had seen her arrival. His comment during their meeting had told him that much, even though the old demon had kept his words vague. She was the key to achieving ultimate power, if he could only unlock her secrets. It was a shame that he hadn’t found her sooner. He really could have used an advantage against Baal.
It would be dangerous bringing her with them, but Balthazar didn’t see a way around it. He couldn’t spare the men or the time to send her back to the palace. There wasn’t any guarantee that he would be returning to the palace himself. It was entirely possible that Baal would kill him. No, his only option was to keep her close to him. He wouldn’t admit this to anyone else, but he just wanted her near him, in spite of her disrespectful nature. He had never felt so drawn to a female before.
Balthazar replayed the images of her slender, naked body glistening in the sun as the droplets of water trickled down her taught stomach. He inhaled deeply, smelling her scent that still hung in the air of the tent. It was intense. It was so pure and innocent, yet it was mixed with a deep, subtle power the likes of which he had never encountered. He wanted more of it, more of her. He recalled with a bit of pride the arousal in her scent when his name was first mentioned to her. 
But damn she was argumentative. Balthazar grunted softly to himself, upset that his mind had become so thoroughly occupied with her. He shook his head, trying again to clear his mind of distractions. He had to concentrate on the upcoming fight and preparing himself for all the possibilities and consequences of it. Once Baal and Hasan had been dealt with, he could turn his full attention to the girl and furthering his powers.

14


Baal sat at a low table in his tent, reading his scout reports.  Hasan sat across from him, fiddling with the hem of his silk shirt. He knew that Balthazar would be coming for him. It was the only logical and practical step to take. He likely intended to surprise Baal by reaching his camp as quickly as possible. It didn’t matter that he had the advantage of royal blood in his veins. Baal would crush him easily and quickly. He would set Hasan on the throne temporarily, until he could garner more support for himself amongst the nobility. Then he would take the power that should have been given to him the day after Sami’s death. The young prince Balthazar was just not capable of dealing with the threats that the kingdom faced. Only Baal was powerful enough to protect them. Baal didn’t know why Balthazar couldn’t see that. He was just a spoiled brat, like all the royal princes.
“I’m bored,” Hasan said, reclining against a triangular cushion. He let out a heavy sigh, “I don’t know why I had to come with you.”
“You couldn’t very well stay at the palace, now could you?” Baal said, forcing down his irritation with the young prince. He was a pampered brat that had no business being in a military camp, but Baal had no choice but to take him with him.
“I don’t know how you can stand this,” Hasan said. He picked idly at a bowl of fruit next to him. “There’s nothing to do.”
“Perhaps you could prepare for the upcoming fight,” Baal said, grabbing another report and breaking the wax seal on it. “I don’t believe Balthazar will sit idly by while you to take the throne from him.”
“Fight?” Hasan scoffed, popping a piece of fruit in his mouth. “I have no intention of fighting. That’s what I have you for.”
“So you do,” Baal said with a sigh as he unrolled the report. He would take care of the spoiled prince in time, but for now he would have to tolerate him. His eyes scanned over the report. He knew Balthazar was coming for him, but he had yet to determine where exactly he was. Tavi was securing the borders, and Balthazar would most certainly recon with him before attempting to come after Baal, but there was a lot of uncertainty to his exact location. He’d had his scouts scouring the area, looking for any signs of them. So far, they hadn’t been able to come up with anything concrete.
A young yellow-eyed demon stepped through the heavy cloth flap that covered the tent entrance, his broad shoulders opening as he straightened in the entrance. He gave a passing glance at the demon prince that sat across from Baal.
“Father,” he said with a curt bow, “I’ve located Balthazar. He’s with Tavi as you suspected.”
“You’ve done well, Raza” Baal said, beaming with pride as a smile spread across his face. He set the rest of the scout reports aside and stood up. 
Raza was his only son. He was the spitting image of his father and a chip off the old block. They would be the start of a new Devasi Dynasty that would crush their enemies with ruthless, brutal force. Raza stood taller at the measured praise from his father.
Hasan watch the father and son pair embrace for a moment, envy filling him. Sami had never showed much interest in Hasan, no matter what he did. All Hasan had ever wanted was a little recognition from his father, a word of praise, or even a glance of satisfaction, but it was well known that Balthazar was always the apple of their father’s eye. It was the first-born son that got all the praise, all the attention. It made Hasan sick to think about having to bow to Balthazar.
Baal had offered Hasan a glimmer of hope and he had happily clutched onto that opportunity with both hands. He was aware that the entire kingdom, Baal included, thought very little of him, but he intended to change that opinion once he was Lord Sultan. Hasan may not be battle hardened like Baal and he may not be as respected as Balthazar, but he was a born leader. He’d just never been given the chance to show that. 
Balthazar was a fool to dismiss such an experienced and powerful demon as Baal, and replace him with a lowly concubine’s son. The only reason Tavi was given the position of Lord Advisor was his close relationship with Balthazar. It was a grave mistake on Balthazar’s part, and that mistake would be Hasan’s redemption. He didn’t necessarily want Balthazar dead. He just didn’t want him to be the Lord Sultan.
“They have a creature with them,” Raza said, stepping back from his father. They both settled down on a cushion on either side of the table. “She’s not Devasi, or even demon for that matter.”
“A creature?” Baal asked, an eyebrow arching. “A Faeye?”
“I don’t think so,” Raza said, shaking his head. “Those haven’t spotted around these parts for centuries.”
“There’s only so many things she could be,” Baal said, looking thoughtfully at Raza. His nose was one of the best Baal had ever known. It was one of the reasons he had him scouting instead of helping run the camp and gain supporters among the nobility. It was concerning that he couldn’t scent out the creature.
“Her scent is like nothing I’ve ever encountered,” Raza said. He shifted a little in his cushion. He didn’t like not being able to give his father a clear answer. He didn’t like not knowing what that creature was. He also didn’t like how intrigued he was with her. “I’m not sure if she is a captive, but there is no doubt that she is valuable to Balthazar.”
“Valuable in what way?” Baal asked. He rested a hand on his knee and leaned forward slightly.
“She’s slow, too slow for them to keep the advantage of surprise in attacking us,” Raza said. “Yet Balthazar is keeping her with them. In fact, he’s got two of his men carrying her.”
Baal leaned back and scratched at the stubble on his chin, considering the information. Balthazar couldn’t spare the men to send her back to the palace. They were outnumbered as it was. The only other options would be to leave her behind or take her with him. If she weren’t valuable in some way, it would make more sense just to leave her.
Baal could see the interest shining in his son’s eyes. This creature must be something very special indeed to capture the attention of both Balthazar and Raza.
“Bring her to me if you can,” Baal said, “I want to smell her for myself.”

15


Alexandra intertwined her fingers and stretched her arms high over her head, yawning lazily as the deep stretch trembled through her. She had spent the entire day on that damned cot while two demons carried her through the countryside. They had finally stopped at the edge of a forest whose trees were so large and close that she couldn’t see more than a couple feet into it. Tavi had disappeared into the forest while Balthazar began barking orders at the other demons. Alex was looking forward to stretching her legs a bit and walking around. This country was beautiful, but the speed they had been travelling didn’t give Alex the chance to see much of it.
“You’ll remain here,” Balthazar said coming up behind Alex. “We shouldn’t be long.”
She whirled around, her face fixed in a scowl. He was so close to her that she had to take a step back before the blush rose on her cheeks. She hadn’t planned on going off on her own, but the way he presumed to order her around made her want to do exactly that. She hated the way his presence clouded her mind.
“Girl,” Balthazar said, sensing the argument about to spew from her, “Don’t contest my orders. I don’t have the time or patience to deal with you.”
“But I—“
“Just do as you’re told,” he bit out, interrupting her as he took a step forward, leaving barely a breath between them. She took a step back and glared up at him.
“I just—“
“No,” he said, his eyes narrowing on her as he took another step forward, trapping her between the trunk of a large tree and his body. He placed a hand on either side of her and leaned down so that his eyes met hers. These woods were filled with things that could kill her in a heartbeat and he was already at a disadvantage trying to protect her from them. The last thing he needed was her trying to run off in a fit of suicidal rebellion. “Just stay right here. Understand?”
Alex let out a heavy grunt as she used both her hands to shove one of his out of the way. She barely got two steps before Balthazar had an arm wrapped around her torso.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Balthazar asked, his breath tickling in her ear. She could feel the firm muscles of his torso pressing into his back. She felt a heat pooling in her core that she quickly suppressed.
“I have to use the bathroom,” Alex snapped as she tried to squirm out of his grasp. His grip was like a vice and she only succeeded in twisting her shirt around her.
“Lord Balthazar,” Tavi said, emerging from the forest to interrupt the escalating quarrel. Balthazar let her go, his attention fixed on his younger brother. “The forest is clear.”
“We should go now, before it gets dark,” Balthazar said. His eyes skimmed back over to Alex. “Leave a man with her.”
“Are you sure?” Tavi asked, looking from Alex to the small group of scouts that were with them. “We could cover more ground with all of us. We need to know his precise location and the number of men with him before we can attack.”
“The girl’s helpless,” Balthazar said, his smoky blue eyes rolling onto Alex. “I don’t trust her by herself.”
“Hey, I’m right here,” Alex said, balling her hands on her hips. “I don’t need a babysitter and I can protect myself just fine.”
“Two men,” Balthazar said with a growl of frustration. His eyes simmered on Alex. The look he was giving her had brought grown demons to their knees in fright, and yet she continued to stare defiantly back at him. He huffed as he looked back at Tavi. “That should keep her out of trouble.”
Tavi nodded as Balthazar stalked away into the forest. Tavi chose a pair of scouts to stay behind with Alex, much to her continued protests, and led the rest into the forest after Balthazar.



The sky was rapidly darkening and there was still no sign of Balthazar and the rest of the men. Alex strained her eyes to make out her demon protectors as they leaned against a tree trunk just a few steps from her, conversing amongst themselves.
“What’s your name?” Alex asked, her voice soft as she walked over and sat in the cold dirt next to them. One demon turned his head slowly towards her, glaring silently. Alex brought her knees towards her chest, hugging them close to her. 
“Look, I’m just trying to be nice,” she said, “There’s—“ 
The demon silenced Alex mid-sentence with a sharp growl. 
“You don’t have to be rude,” Alex snapped, her face turning to a scowl. She was just trying to pass the time with a little friendly conversation. There was no need for them to be so dismissive of her. 
“Silence,” the demon hissed, his eyes squinting into the darkness of the forest. Without another word he walked into the thick blackness. Alexandra sat up a little straighter, eyeing the other demon as he whipped his head around him and sniffed at the air. 
A vicious growl ripped through the silence only seconds later, echoing through the trees. Alexandra’s eyes threatened to bug out of her skull as she tried to peer into the darkness. Her heart pounded heavily in her chest as she shot to her feet. She looked to the demon standing next to her, trying to figure out what was going on. He backed up a little closer to her as he continued to look around him. Alex heard a scuffle beyond the tree line, and a loud yelp rang out, followed by silence once more.
“Hey,” she called out, “Are you O.K.?”
“Quiet,” the other demon snapped, the distress apparent in his voice. “Stay by me.”
Two shining yellow eyes appeared behind the blanket of the night. A demon stepped out into the dim light of the rising moon, a smirk on his face and his body covered with blood. 
“I’m perfectly alright,” he said taking a step closer to Alex, his eyes locked on her. The blood dripped from his clawed hand. “But I’m afraid that other one has seen better days.”
Alex could see the pointed tips of his canines sticking past the upturned corners of his lips. Her heart fell into her stomach. She took a step closer to the other demon, but his back suddenly exploded, splashing hot blood all over her. As her mind adjusted to the scene, she realized another demon had impaled him through the chest. Alex screamed at the sight of the shredded demon and turned to run but was stopped by a firm hand wrapping around her. She struggled to free herself from the iron grip, pulling little droplets of blood where the demon’s razor sharp claws bit into her porcelain skin.
“Father will be pleased,” Raza said, his eyes shimmering as he closed the space between himself and Alex. Sandwiched between these two new demons, Alex felt her knees begin to buckle. Raza traced a bloody hand along her narrow chin as he pulled her face up to meet his.
“Perhaps I will be as well,” he said with a husky as his face inched closer to hers. Before she could turn away his lips fell onto hers in a forceful kiss that tasted of other people’s blood. She pulled away from him, her face contorted in disgust as she tried to spit the awful taste out of her mouth. 
“Give it time,” Raza said with a little chuckle as his eyes danced over Alex. He looked over her shoulder to the other demon. “Take her, but be careful. I don’t want her harmed.”

16


“What are you?” Baal asked, his calloused finger lifting Alexandra’s chin so he could examine her more closely. She jerked her face away, struggling against the rope that held her to the thick timber in the middle of his tent.
“I’m not telling you anything,” she spat, wincing as the tightly bound rope cut into her skin.
Baal pulled his hand back and slapped her across the cheek with his open palm. The force of the blow threatened to blacken Alexandra’s vision. Her cheek burned from the assault, but she kept from crying out. She had immediately decided that she liked this demon even less than she liked Tavi and Balthazar. They may have been overbearing, but at least neither of them had struck her.
“What are you and why is Balthazar protecting you?” Baal asked as he straightened and backed away from her slightly. The calmness in his voice sent a chill through Alex but still she refused to answer. She stared up at the demon, her green eyes alight with the fire of her defiance. She wondered absently if Balthazar or Tavi would be coming to save her. She would never admit it, but she hoped they would. They would be preferable to this awful demon any day.
“You will answer me, child” Baal said, shaking a pointed finger at her as he cocked his eyebrow.
“Allow me to question her” Raza cut in as he stepped into the tent. The way he leered at her made Alex want to puke. “I’ll get answers.”
“You’ll get your turn,” Baal said with a smirk as he turned away from Alex. He sat down at a low table set with a meal and motioned for Raza to join him. He picked up a knife and cut into a thick chunk of smoked meat. Raza joined him but his eyes remained locked on Alex, roaming constantly up and down her body.
“Her clothing is odd,” Raza said. He picked up a loaf of bread and tore a chunk out of it. “I rather like it though.”
“Yes,” Baal said, absently looking over her. “I can’t place the kingdom they're from.”
“What are you going to do with her?” Raza asked. He popped a small piece of bread into his mouth then lifted another chunk to Alex, as if to offer it to her. She just turned her head away in disgust. She wouldn’t even give him the satisfaction of turning his offer down.
“I’ll hold her until Balthazar comes,” Baal said. “Then you can do as you please with her. See if you can get some answers out of her.”
Raza smiled broadly as he once again began to leer at Alex. She could feel her skin crawling under his glare. Baal and Raza both suddenly lifted their noses into the air and inhaled deeply. A scowl formed on Baal’s face.
“He’s here,” he said, setting the knife down on the table. “Keep an eye on her. This should be over quickly.”
Baal disappeared from the tent. Raza locked his eyes on Alex, standing and moving closer to her. He came just a hair's width away from her and observed her for a pulse pounding moment.  Alex felt the heavy ache for oxygen grip her chest as she realized she was holding her breath.  Raza’s lips came to rest beside her ear.
“I’m going to have so much fun with you,” he whispered as his body rubbed flush up against hers. She wanted to pull away from him, but there was nowhere to go. She was bound tight. But suddenly she felt the ropes holding her loosen. They fell to the ground as Raza stepped away and Alex realized that he had sliced through the ropes with his razor sharp nails. 
“Come, my dear,” he said, motioning to the table as he took a seat where Baal was. “You must be hungry after your ordeal.”
There was a smile on his face that Alex supposed was meant to be charming and sexy, but coming from Raza it was down right terrifying. It wasn't that he wasn't handsome, because he was. It was the way his eyes hid some type of murderous insanity, the way he followed her every move as if he was studying her. Alex stayed rooted to the spot.
“That wasn't a request,” Raza said, his voice much too cheery for the glare in his yellow eyes. “Sit down with me.”
Alex forced her legs to move her forward. Her steps were taken slowly as she silently prayed for a way out of this situation. As she neared the table and prepared to seat herself across from Raza, his hand snaked out and grabbed her wrist. Before she could pull away, he had yanked her down into his lap.
“There, that's better,” he said, his nose nuzzling into the crook of her neck. He pulled his face back and began to stroke her hair gently. “You are such an enticing creature, do you know that?”
Alex couldn't say anything. Her entire body was rigid under his touch. As Raza focused his entire attention on touching and rubbing Alex, her eyes focused on the knife that was so close to her on the table. 



“This isn’t very smart, my prince,” Baal taunted Balthazar, cracking the knuckles of his right hand. “Rushing in here like this to save that girl.”
Balthazar held back a growl. He could smell the girl’s scent all over the camp and on Baal. He didn’t want to show how much it bothered him that Baal had her and how worried he was about that. He had only meant to scent out the location of Baal’s camp, then he planned to double back and wait for the right moment to attack. But when they returned and found the two scouts dead and Alexandra missing, Balthazar had gone after her without a second thought, even against Tavi’s advice.
“Surrender her and Hasan to me now,” Balthazar said, his voice steady and eyes narrowed onto Baal, “and I’ll make your death quick.”
“Does she really mean that much to you?” Baal mocked, a chuckle behind his words. His eyes moved to the entrance of his tent. “Raza’s in there with her now. What do you think he’s doing with her?”
Balthazar clenched his jaw to keep from growling in anger. Tavi stood next to him with the few men they had fanned out behind them. They were all more than ready to fight and die for Balthazar, and as the men in Baal’s camp began to come out from their tents and square off, it was looking more and more like they were going to die. Tavi held back a growl when he caught sight of Hasan strolling lazily out of his tent.
“How dare you betray our father’s wishes,” Tavi spat, “You truly are a worthless brat.”
“Father’s dead,” Hasan said with a shrug. He straightened his shirt as he came to stand just behind Baal. “His wishes are no longer relevant.”
“Hold your tongue,” Balthazar snapped, his eyes burning into Hasan. “I’ll not allow you to speak of father with such disrespect.”
“Would you like to see her?” Baal said, ignoring the exchange between the brothers. He was trying to antagonize Balthazar, trying to throw him off and unfortunately it was working. Somehow the old demon had figured out that Balthazar had a weak spot for that girl.
“Get Raza,” Baal said, speaking to Hasan over his shoulder. He hesitated for a moment, not liking being told what to do, but then he ducked into the tent, emerging a moment later with Raza and Alex, her hands tied together in front of her. Balthazar could see she was a little frazzled, and her cheek was slightly bruised. It looked like she had been struggling against Raza in the tent before they had been interrupted, but other than that she appeared alright.
Raza pushed her roughly over to Baal who pulled her into his chest. She squeaked at the contact, and struggled to get away from him. Baal brought the calloused tip of his finger under her chin, lifting it roughly so that Balthazar could clearly see her face.
“What a mysterious creature. She smells…almost delicious,” Baal said, his thin lips upturned, “Raza certainly is partial to her. But there must be another reason you’re keeping her around. You’re not one to be so smitten with a female. Tell me what value she holds.”
Baal released Alex, and she fell on her rear end with a heavy thud. Balthazar’s eyes followed her, but his face gave nothing away of the emotions he felt. He wanted to rush over and scoop her up, but he had to mislead Baal. He couldn't let him know that she meant anything to him, or he would certainly try to use her against him. 
“She is a curio, nothing more,” Balthazar replied, his eyes shifting back up to Baal. “She has very little value.”
“Excuse me,” Alex shrieked, the sound piercing the sensitive ears of all the surrounding demons. She struggled to sit herself up, and Balthazar could see she was about to throw a little tantrum. He mentally rolled his eyes, knowing she was going to cause a lot more trouble for herself if he didn’t step in immediately. It wasn't how he wanted this to go, but he couldn't risk her saying anything more, so he rushed forward at Baal.
Balthazar was so quick that Alex couldn’t follow his movements, but Baal was just as quick and parried his strike easily. Balthazar caught himself, whirling around to face Baal. He snapped his neck from side to side, popping the joints in his spine. Baal mirrored him with a growing smirk on his peppered, unshaven face. Alex watched wide-eyed with a mixture of fear and fascination as fighting erupted around her. Every demon seemed to start moving at the same time. They were so fast they looked like nothing more than blurry spots of flesh dashing around. Splatters of blood came into focus here and there, and growling sounds filled her ears.
Alexandra’s eyes darted back and forth, following the blurs of fighting, watching in mild shock as a pair of fighters stalled into focus just in front of her. One of Balthazar’s men was disemboweled, his opponent piercing his abdomen with a clawed fist. His free hand wrapped around the other demon’s neck, his claws digging deep into the vulnerable flesh before tearing a bloody chunk out. He drew his hand back through the impaled demon, dropping him to the ground. Raza was suddenly before Alex, a smirk curling on his face and blood drenching his hands. She pushed her feet out from under her, trying to scoot away from him.
Balthazar saw Alexandra’s distress and was momentarily distracted. Baal took this advantage and reached out, claws extended, aiming for Balthazar’s exposed neck. Balthazar caught himself just in time, pulling back before he was mortally injured. Baal managed to catch Balthazar in the chest instead, raking a deep wound down his torso. Balthazar growled in pain, but continued to trade blows with Baal in a haze of movement.
Alex frantically searched for an escape from Raza. Every time she scooted away from him, he stepped closer and the smile on his face grew.
“Where are you going, darling?” Raza taunted her. He reached down and grabbed a handful of her hair. Pain shot through her scalp as he pulled her off the ground and into his chest. “You're missing the show.”
“You're a psycho,” Alex spat, wriggling her body to try and free herself.
“I love your fiery spirit,” he rasped in her ear, the stench of the fresh blood that covered him hung in her nostrils, making her want to gag. “Do you think my father will allow me to keep you?”
“Do you think Balthazar's going to kick his ass?” Alex said. 
“Oh my father will win,” Raza said, “make no mistake about that. Balthazar and all his men are as good as dead.”
Alex struggled against his grasp, one of his hands still tangled in her hair, pulling with every jerk. She couldn't really tell how the fight was going, but she knew that Raza was right. She could see Balthazar stall into focus every now and then, each time he was more bloody and bruised than the last. 
“But you know, father may want to kill you when he's finished,” Raza said. He released her with a shove, and she fell to the ground, her head banging into the dirt. She was momentarily stunned by the blow, her vision swimming. “Perhaps I should have fun with you while I can.”
Raza crawled on top of her, an iron hand closing around her throat. She felt Raza reach behind her and with his claws he sliced through the bonds that were holding her hands.  
“I want you to put up a good fight for me, girl,” he chuckled in her ear, leaning back to enjoy the fear that he was sure would be gracing her pretty face. “I do like that about you.”
Alex wasted no time in reaching for the knife she had stashed in her waistband before her hands were tied again. Before he had time to react, she crammed the blade into the Raza’s exposed throat as hard as she could. A garbled rumble echoed in his chest as he reared away from her, falling back to the ground and clutching at his throat. Alex grabbed a rock and scrambled on top of Raza. She repeatedly pounded the rock into his face with as much force as she could muster. His blood splattered her hands and face with each vicious blow. Raza’s battered body twitched with every hit to his crushed skull as Alexandra pummeled his now exposed brain into the dirt. When she felt fully satisfied that he was dead, she climbed off him and stood up to examine her work.
“Was that good enough for you?” she spat, tossing the rock aside as her chest heaved up and down. 
Despite his experience in fighting, Baal could not separate himself from the distraction of his son being beaten to a bloody pulp. He had stopped moving and watched stunned and helpless as Alex beat his only son to death.
Balthazar took the opportunity to turn the tide of the fight. His claws ripped mercilessly through the Baal’s chest, grasping his spinal cord and tearing through the muscles that surrounded it. He pulled him close with a feral, rumbling growl as he exposed his fanged teeth to him. Baal howled out in pain, his hands clamping around Balthazar’s half buried forearm. He dug his claws into the flesh of Balthazar's arm and pulled the hand from his gaping torso, taking a chunk of his spine with it. Baal used his remaining power to escape, leaving the camp in a flash before anyone could follow. 
Baal's survival was an irritation that Balthazar would have to deal with, but the threat to his rule had been stamped out. Without Hasan, Baal posed little threat to Balthazar’s ascension, and without Baal there was no one to protect Hasan from the punishment he deserved. There were few remaining princes that could hold even a remote claim against Balthazar's rule, and those that could were not as stupid as Hasan.
Balthazar turned his attention to the outcome of the fighting. Tavi, although bloody, had managed to survive with only minor injuries. The rest of their men had all perished, as was not uncommon in a fight between demons. Not surprising to Balthazar, Hasan had remained on the sidelines of the fight, not lifting a claw to help his own cause. Now, he stood slack jawed as every remaining demon bowed down to Balthazar, hoping to receive mercy for their attempt at betraying him. Balthazar was disgusted to share even a drop of blood with Hasan. He had a special punishment in mind for him. Balthazar's eyes fell on Alexandra and a mix of emotions ran through him. She was staring wide-eyed down at the lifeless body of Raza, clearly in shock. He wondered if she had ever taken a life before. It looked like she had not.
“What do you want to do with them?” Tavi asked, motioning to the other demons that were prostrated before him. Balthazar looked at the men that were once part of his father's army. He could handle this one of two ways. He could kill them all right now for their betrayal. Or he could offer them mercy, let them keep their lives, and even their positions in the military. Balthazar's eyes found their way back to Alexandra. She was still staring at Raza's corpse, her eyes almost bugging out of her skull. How would she react if he went through with killing them all?
“There's been enough killing today,” Balthazar said, his eyes still on Alex. When he spoke, she turned her head and looked at him and he could see thanks in those big green orbs. 
“Are you bad?” Tavi asked, motioning to the large gash that wound down his chest. 
“I'll survive,” Balthazar said, pulling his eyes away from Alex. “I want to get back to the palace as soon as possible.”
“I'll ready the men,” Tavi said, bowing his head slightly. Balthazar walked over to Alex, limping slightly from his injuries. Her eyes were now back on Raza's body.
“I never realized how still...,” her voice trailed off and Balthazar could see she was struggling to say something. “I know he deserved it...I mean, I think he did...I just—“
Balthazar didn't give her a chance to say anything else. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and pulled her into him, ignoring the burn the movement caused to his chest wound. He was thankful when she didn't resist him. Instead she melted into his embrace and began to sob lightly.
“It's never easy,” Balthazar spoke softly, brushing her hair back from her face. “Everyone has trouble with their first kill. Come, we have to leave now.”
Alex allowed him to lead her away from the camp full of blood and death and broken bodies. She didn't speak the rest of the way back as two demons carried her through the countryside on the cot.

17


Alex had been led through the palace so quickly that she scarcely had time to admire the amazing architecture of it. Her eunuch guide rushed her from one room to the next, gently chiding her to move faster and not dally, while she just gawked at the beauty of it all. Now she found herself in a room with a small pond-sized bathing pool in the middle of it. At the far end, Alex could see the most beautiful face she had ever seen sticking out above the water, long black hair swirling around it.
“Who's this?” Carolina asked. Her tone was bored and her startling blue eyes were half-lidded as she reclined in water, a mound of bubbles barely concealing the pale skin of her breasts.
“My Lady,” the eunuch standing next to Alex said with a bow, “This is a human. Lord Balthazar requested that she remain in your custody.”
Carolina’s eyes opened fully as she sat up. Her gaze pierced Alex with a suddenly piqued curiosity. 
“A human you say?” Carolina asked, glancing from the eunuch back to Alex. She swam to the edge of the bathing pool, her eyes studying Alex as she gracefully floated closer.
“Yes, My Lady,” the eunuch said, bowing again. “Master Tavi came across her as he was securing the borders.”
“Very well, you may leave the girl with me,” Carolina said, dismissing the eunuch with a wave of her perfectly manicured hand.
The eunuch quietly shuffled out of the room and the demoness relaxed back into the water of her bath, not saying anything more to Alexandra. She simply sat, eyes closed and head resting on the edge of the large rectangular bathing pool. The heat from the water lifted up around the room, and Alex could feel sweat forming on her face as she stood awkwardly before the bathing beauty.
“Don't just stand there,” Carolina finally said, cracking an eye open to look at Alex, “disrobe and join me.”
“I…um…No, that’s ok,” Alex stammered out. “I’m fine.”
“You're filthy,” Carolina said, opening her other eye and sitting up a bit. Her nose scrunched in disgust. “And you smell awful. I won't have you in my presence as such.” 
Alex looked down at her hands. Her nails were caked with a mixture of dirt and dried blood, and the rest of her body was in a similar condition. She glanced around the small room, searching for privacy. For the most part the space was empty, tiled from ceiling to floor in a light red marble. The only pieces of furniture were two thin tables filled with bottles of various liquids and a stool that held a few large towels. She turned her back to the demoness who was watching her intently from the water and began to slowly unbutton her pants.
“I’m not going to bite for heaven’s sake,” Carolina said with a heavy sigh. Alex heard the water shifting and looked over her shoulder to see the demoness climbing out of the water, completely unabashed of her nudity. The soapy water slid down her slender hips as she padded over to Alex who was blushing profusely. She raised a wet hand to Alexandra’s shoulder, cleanly slicing through the dirtied fabric of her shirt with a single pointed claw. The garment slid off and fell to the ground, as Alex squeaked in surprise and slapped an arm over her suddenly exposed breasts.
“Much better,” Carolina said with a smirk that made one shiny fang pop out the side of her mouth. She turned away from Alex and stepped back into the water. “Now, hurry and get in. The water's perfect.”
Alexandra removed her blood caked blue jeans and tipped toed to the edge of the pool, trying as best she could to protect her modesty as she lowered herself into the hot water. The water really was perfect, and she quickly relaxed into the lightly perfumed bath. As Carolina began to make her way over, her cheeks heated to a rosy glow and she stiffened.
“Don’t be so shy, girl,” Carolina said with a jingling laugh that rang through the tiled room. She reached out, grabbed Alex by the wrist and pulled her closer. “I want you to tell me about your kind. I never even knew you existed. I've only heard stories.”
“My name is Alexandra,” Alex said with a pout as she gently tried to pull away from the overly friendly demoness. “I wish everyone would stop calling me girl.”
Carolina tilted her head to the side, a shapely brow arching as she considered Alex. “But that's what you are? Why do you seem so ashamed? It's a good thing, I assure you.”
“I’m not that young,” Alex said, finally able to pull her hand free.
“Age has nothing to do with it,” Carolina said, leaning over the edge of the pool to grab a glass bottle with a viscous pearly liquid inside. “You've never lain with a man. You're still a girl. Though if you'd like, I'm sure there are many suitors eager for a chance to change that.”
Alex blushed deeply and tried to hide her face behind her hair. “How...how do you know I'm still—“
“You really are adorable,” Carolina laughed and pulled the cork out of the glass bottle. “It's in your scent. Though I must admit it's a little harder to discern with so much moisture in the air.”
“My scent?” Alex asked, her brows pulling together. She didn't realize she even had a scent, much less that these demons could so clearly smell it. 
“Yes,” Carolina said as she poured a handful of the liquid into her palm. “We can tell much about a person from their scent.”
Now she understood why everyone was calling her 'girl', but a slew of new questions popped into her head and her blush deepened further.
“Like...what kinds of things?”
“Where someone is from, or where they have been, who they've been with,” Carolina elaborated as she moved behind Alex and began to massage her scalp with the thick liquid, working up a healthy lather. “Even a person’s emotions, desires, arousal are present in their scent.”
“You can smell all that?” Alex gasped, a mix of amazement and embarrassment. 
“Yes, of course,” Carolina said, gliding through the water to move in front of Alex. “Now, rinse your hair and then you can wash mine.”

18


The Devasi palace buzzed with rumors of what happened with Baal. Balthazar and Tavi had returned the previous evening with a bound and beaten Hasan, and a very peculiar creature. Neither of them said a word of what had transpired. When morning came and went with still not a breath of news, the Council respectfully requested Balthazar’s presence and an explanation. They now sat around the rectangular table in the council chambers awaiting his arrival.  The newest council member Jahan, Lady Adira’s replacement, shifted uncomfortably on his cushion, his rotund belly making it difficult for him to move.  He could feel the eyes of the other Council members on him. It was a terribly unusual thing for a demon to be overweight, and Jahan was used to getting strange looks. It wasn’t his fault he liked food so much and despised any form of physical activity. He had learned long ago that he could do a perfectly good job of telling others what to do without much effort at all. It seemed to have worked for him pretty well as he was now the new Khaja. It was a very prestigious position, and if he had a wife, she would have no doubt been very proud of him. Jahan, however, found no use for a wife. It would just be another responsibility that would require copious amounts of physical activity in the form of sex, something he had decided he could do without.
Arastoo, the Master Enchanter, fiddled absently with the embroidered edge of his robe. He let out a heavy sigh and reached for his goblet, taking a long sip of the favorite Devasi drink, a sugar wine called Tivi. 
Darius, the Divan and right hand to the Lord Sultan, eyed him from the other side of the table. He had known Arastoo for many years, and he was not a demon without flaws, but his blood was special, having the ability to perform small amounts of magic. However, as was a common trait amongst the line of Enchanters, he was gangly and peculiar. His way of thinking was inherently flawed. Different from the way normal demons thought. Yet, the members of his bloodline had always been tied to the royal families and positions of prestige. The magic in their blood had the potential to create powerful heirs when combined with a more powerful demon, such as that of the royals.  
“Lord Balthazar is a busy demon, I’m sure he will arrive as soon as he is able,” Darius said, his attention returning to the pile of edicts that he was reviewing. They were the direct orders of the Lord Sultan, and Darius spent most of his day reading through them. He had a constant back pile of them, and he was using this interim between Lord Sultans to get caught up. The stack in his lap was the last of Sultan Sami’s royal decrees. Darius would review them for any written errors, cross check the information in them with his personal notes, and finally he would place the royal seal at the bottom of the decorated parchment page before sending it off to the royal libraries for filing and execution. It was as exhausting a process as it sounded and he looked forward to finishing them for a brief moment before the new Lord Sultan was anointed. 
“Tavi is curiously absent as well,” Arastoo said, setting his glass back down with undue force. Darius glanced at Arastoo from under his brows. Tavi was naturally accorded more leniency than a normal council member; he was after all partial royalty. They all knew this and it could go without saying, but Arastoo was irritated with being made to wait and he was just looking for something to complain about.
Balthazar arrived late in the afternoon, dressed once more in the solid white silk of a Lord Sultan. His robe was left open, showing his heavily bandaged torso. Though his injuries weren’t life threatening, there were so many that it would take him a few days to fully heal from them. Tavi was by his side, also bandaged but not nearly as heavily. It was obvious that there had been a fight, and that Balthazar was the victor, but other than that the council was left in the dark. The creature he had returned with, along with a battered half of the royal army only brought up more questions. 
“Who is this?” Balthazar asked as he settled onto the white cushion at the head of the table. His ashen blue eyes were fixed intently on the fat demon. 
“Lady Adira has chosen Jahan as her replacement,” Darius said, motioning for the demon to speak up.
“Lord Balthazar,” Jahan said, bowing his head, “it is a supreme honor to serve on this council.”  
“Why was I summoned?” Balthazar asked shifting his gaze onto the other members. Arastoo’s jaw hung slightly ajar at the blatant disrespect. Even a fully anointed Lord Sultan had to answer to the Council. Balthazar knew precisely why he was summoned, and his feigned ignorance was a jab at their legitimacy.
“We’re owed an explanation,” Arastoo said, lifting his pointed nose into the air. “We want a full accounting of what transpired with Baal.”
“I owe you nothing,” Balthazar said coldly, his eyes narrowing on Arastoo as he folded his hands in his lap. He had his reasons for not wanting to tell the Council, or anyone, about what had happened during the fight. For one, he didn’t want to explain Alexandra to them until he knew more about her himself. He also didn’t want to have to admit that Baal had gotten away. They would know eventually, but there was no need to tell them all that now.
“How dare you!” Arastoo snapped, his face turning bright red. “We are the Council, and you are still but a prince. We are owed an explanation.”  
“Baal believed he was owed something,” Balthazar said, “Raise your voice to me again and you can go join him.”
Arastoo shrank back onto his cushion, his face a deep shade of crimson. There was anger simmering in his eyes, but he wouldn’t speak again. Especially if the rest of the Council wasn’t going to back him. Silence hung in the room, and Jahan tried his best to blend into the furniture. He had just secured this position. The last thing he wanted to do was lose it now.
“Lord Balthazar,” Darius spoke up in an attempt to soothe the tension in the room, “I believe what the Lord Enchanter is trying to say is that we are all merely concerned. Rumors spread quickly, and we have heard some disturbing things.”
“There’s no need for an explanation at this time,” Balthazar said. “This council meeting is over.”
Jahan passed a glance at the other council members. He had expected so much more. He needed to know what happened, and more importantly what this creature was that they had brought back. He had his suspicions about her, and if they turned out to be right, it did not bode well for him. When the rest of the Council began to slowly rise from their cushions and file out of the room, Jahan had no choice but to follow. Only Tavi stayed behind. None of the council members were happy about being so easily dismissed, but in reality there was nothing they could do about it. They would have to be satisfied with rumors for the time being. 
“You know they were expecting more information than that,” Tavi said once the other members had left the room. He would never speak in such a casual manner in the presence of anyone else, but in private he knew he could always be frank with his elder brother. “It’s not smart to alienate them.”
“They always want more,” Balthazar replied, wincing as he prodded at the bandage wrapped around his midsection. “It’s best to put an end to that sort of thing now.”
“What are you planning to do with Hasan?”  Tavi asked, reaching for a piece of cut fruit that was laid out on the table. What Hasan did was unthinkable, and incredibly stupid, but since Hasan was a prince, it seriously complicated matters. 
“I have a special punishment in mind for him,” Balthazar said, the chill of his words cutting into Tavi. “Killing him would be too lenient. I want him to suffer through the rest of his natural life.”
“And what about the human, Alexandra?” Tavi asked, popping a fleshy piece of red fruit in his mouth. They both knew what was being left unsaid. The human defeated Raza. Granted, he left himself open, underestimating her, but she killed him. Raza was a powerful demon, and would have posed a threat even to Balthazar. The fact that she killed him was significant. They had all underestimated her. 
“I’m still not sure about her,” Balthazar said, a troubled look in his eyes.
“You like her,” Tavi said. It was half a question and half an accusation. He couldn’t blame his brother for developing feelings for her, but it only caused more complications that they didn’t need right now.
“I don’t know,” Balthazar said, his jaw clenching tightly. He had never thought about a woman so much in his life. Since he had met her, she had done nothing but confound him and fill his every thought.
“I don’t need to tell you why that’s not an option for you right now,” Tavi said, watching him closely. “Especially not until we know more about her.”
“I have no intentions toward her,” Balthazar said. He brushed a piece of lent off his robe, not able to make eye contact with his younger brother. 
“Good,” Tavi said, not fully believing him. “Because the last thing we need right now is you falling in love with a defiant little human girl.”

19


Balthazar sat at his desk, rereading the report in his hand a third time. It was bad news. Very bad news. Since his father's death three of their neighboring countries had moved large amounts of men very close to the border. The Asuri were still demanding that Balthazar mate their princess, and the Devasi armies were not as numerous or well equipped as he had originally thought. Add all that to the recent civil unrest and Balthazar's less than perfect condition, and it was only a matter of time before everything collapsed in on him. 
He set the report down and closed his eyes with a heavy breath. His palms rested on his knees and he forced the scowl off his face. Time was running out for him and he needed Alexandra to cooperate. That would be a task in and of itself, judging by the way she fought him on even the smallest things. She was so damned defiant. He felt his beast scratching at its cage every time he was around her. He hadn't felt that kind of pressure since he was a young child. If she was supposed to help him somehow learn to control his beast, this was going in the opposite direction. Not to mention the growing feelings for her that he could neither explain nor embrace. Feeling that way towards her would only complicate his situation further. He had to think of the more important issues. He needed her to augment his power and nothing more. He didn't know why he had feelings for her in the first place. She was actually incredibly annoying, troublesome, and the most disrespectful female he'd ever encountered. She was also beautiful in such a very unique way, with an aura that tickled every one of his senses and a scent that nearly made him hard every time he smelled her. A hint of Anouri fruit tinted her natural scent, his favorite fruit and one of his favorite smells. She was clumsy and unrefined, weak and vulnerable, but she was also so innocent that it touched him, and so brave that it overshadowed her ignorance. She had definitely complicated his life, just by stumbling into it. His chest rumbled with annoyance as he realized he had spent the last five minutes thinking of nothing but her.
“I can come back, if now isn't a good time,” a shaky voice broke through Balthazar’s thoughts. His eyes snapped open and focused on the old demon that stood before him, leaning heavily on his gnarled staff. Balthazar wanted to growl in frustration. He was so wrapped up in thoughts about the girl that he hadn't even noticed Salaman come into the room. 
“I believe you summoned me, again,” Salaman said, his old joints crackling as he seated himself on a cushion opposite Balthazar.
“I have the human,” Balthazar said bringing his hands to rest on his desk.
“So you do,” Salaman said with a noncommittal shrug. “How fortuitous.”
“How do I use her?” Balthazar said, narrowing his eyes. He was reaching the end of his patience with this old demon. With everything, in fact. He honestly didn't know how his father had handled things with such seeming grace. 
The old demon sighed heavily as he stroked at his thinning white beard, the only hair he had left on his body. His eyes trailed to the ceiling in thought. Faster than a heartbeat Balthazar was out of his seat and the old demon dangled in his clawed grasp. He pulled Salaman close to his face as his fingers wrapped tighter around his wrinkled throat.
“I don't have time for this,” Balthazar barked. His fingers tightened fractionally in emphasis. 
“I don't know,” Salaman said, his body limp and voice calm in spite of his current situation. 
“You what?” Balthazar said, shaking the old demon with force. “You said I needed a human.”
“I did,” Salaman said. There was mirth in his milky blue eyes. “But I never said that I knew how exactly to use her.”
Balthazar growled in frustration and dropped the old demon on the hard floor. Salaman picked himself up, prodding at the bruises that were rapidly forming on his neck. He straightened his robes, and then lifted his gaze to Balthazar.
“You better start making yourself more useful to me,” Balthazar said, glaring at him.
“Please, my lord,” Salaman said with an easy smile as he gestured to the cushions. “Let's have a seat. Perhaps we can figure this out together.”
“I don't know why my father kept you around,” Balthazar grumbled, walking around to the cushion behind his desk. He let out a frustrated sigh as he sat down. He knew why his father kept Salaman as an advisor. It was the same reason that Balthazar had to. Even though he was elusive with his answers and utterly frustrating, he saw things that other's could not. Perhaps he really didn't know why he needed the human, perhaps he did. Either way, Balthazar gained nothing from killing him.
“Look,” Balthazar said, leveling a stare at Salaman as he settled back into his cushion. “I don't need to tell you the problems that we face. I need to know how to increase my power. You said the human would help facilitate that. Against all odds, I now have that human.”
“I understand more than any other the problems that face this kingdom,” Salaman said, his face finally hardening into a more serious look. “Even the problems it will face in the future. I can tell you only that you need the human's magic. It can help to contain the beast within you. It can give you the ability to control it. With the beast comes an immense amount of power, and if you can use it without losing your mind, then you will have everything you need.”
“Magic?” Balthazar said, leaning forward on his desk. “As far as I know she has no such abilities.”
A smile wrinkled the old demon’s face. “She has them, I assure you. Far greater than any other,” he said. He stroked at his wispy beard as a somber look came over his eyes. “I have seen the power within her.”
“So then, she is hiding it from me?” Balthazar said, his jaw setting. He couldn't say he was surprised, though he was a little hurt by the thought that she would trust him so little. Especially after he had risked everything to save her.
“I doubt she is even aware of it herself,” Salaman said, holding a hand up to calm Balthazar. ”But perhaps we can find a way to bring it out of her.”
“How?” Balthazar asked. Salaman hesitated to answer, his eyes narrowed thoughtfully on Balthazar. 
“Tell me,” he said, his fingers playing in his beard. “How do you feel about the girl?”
“What difference does that make?” Balthazar asked. He clenched his fists in his lap. He somehow knew that it made a rather big difference, but he couldn't let that deter him from his responsibilities. “She is a means to an end. Nothing more.”
“Good, because she may not be terribly pleased with you before this is all over,” Salaman said. He pulled out a small folded piece of paper from the pocket of his robe. He set it onto the desk and slid it over to Balthazar.
“Magic can influence magic,” Salaman said as Balthazar reached out and picked up the piece of paper. “Perhaps if we put her close to things that are born of human magic, it will help to bring hers out. Though it will be up to her to learn how to master it in the end.”
Balthazar opened the paper and read the writing scribbled on it. A list with only three items. Three very rare items. A griffin egg, the underscale of a water dragon, and the ashes of a phoenix.
“What am I supposed to do with this?” Balthazar asked, waving the paper in front of him. “I don't even know if some of these exist anymore.”
“They exist, I've—“
“You've seen it?” Balthazar asked, raising his eyebrows as he guessed what the old man was going to say. He was getting really tired of hearing that. “Ok, so I collect these items and what? Sit her in a room with them until something happens? That could take forever and I don't have—“
“Take the girl with you to collect these things,” Salaman interrupted, much to the annoyance of Balthazar. He nodded his head once and stood up. “That's all I know for now. Perhaps when you return, I'll have more information for you, my lord.”

20


“Am I early?” Arastoo asked Jahan as he looked around the empty room. The low square table that occupied the middle of Jahan’s audience room was laden with sweet pastries and smoked delicacies.  The Lord Enchanter's mouth began to water with the delicious aroma’s floating around the room.  Despite his slender form, Arastoo was a lover of food, and was capable of eating anyone under the table.
“You're right on time,” Jahan said with a smile on his round face. He took a seat at the table and motioned for Arastoo to do the same. 
“The other council lords?” Arastoo asked his brows pulled together in confusion. It was customary for the new member to invite existing members to a meal at their home. It gave them a chance to discuss matters that were out of place in the council meetings, and get to know each other better. Arastoo had assumed that's what this was when he got the invitation from Jahan. The curious absence of the other council lords put Arastoo on edge.
“Lord Arastoo,” Jahan said with a chuckle and a wave of his pudgy hand, “there is no need to stick with such formalities. I thought as two lovers of food, we could enjoy a meal just you and I.”
“All this food, only for us?” Arastoo asked, growing increasingly uncomfortable with the peculiarity of the situation. “I can't say that this is entirely appropriate.”
“Relax,” Jahan said through a forced smile. His plan was already off to a rocky start if he could not get the Lord Enchanter on board. “I only wanted to dine with you. There's no reason for such formality. Please, sit. Eat. My cook is one of the best in the kingdom.”
Arastoo eyed the food on the table. He noticed it included most of his favorite dishes, and found it easy to give in to his hunger. It's not like it was against a law or anything. It just wasn't exactly customary. He settled himself on a thick silk cushion across from the unusually fat demon. “I suppose it would be a shame to allow such good food to go to waste.”
“Indeed it would,” Jahan said, the smile broadening across his bloated face. It didn't take long for the two demons to devour most of the food before them.
“Delicious,” Arastoo said, leaning his back on a triangular stuffed cushion. He let out a thick sigh as he wiped his mouth and hands on a napkin.
“I’m glad you found it to your liking,” Jahan said as he did the same. “So few things bring comfort in these troubling times, it is a small pleasure to indulge in a lavish meal.”
“Troubling times?” Arastoo said, a squint in his eyes as he tried to understand the fat demon’s underlying message. It was indeed troubling times, but the way that Jahan had said the words made Arastoo think he was trying to lead into something else.
“The untimely assassination of our Lord Sultan,” Jahan said with a flourish of his hand, “followed by this mess with Baal.”
“Yes,” Arastoo said, nodding his head slowly. “We've suffered some unfortunate tragedies recently, but Lord Balthazar will soon be anointed and the kingdom will once again find steady ground to rest on.”
“I’m glad you are so optimistic,” Jahan said. He set his napkin down on the table. “I can't say everyone shares those feelings.”
“You fear there will be more trouble for our kingdom?” Arastoo asked, leaning in to the table. He would hear out what this demon had to say. Whether he was in agreement with him or not, it would be good to know exactly where his loyalties lie.
“I fear we have a prince that is much too young to become Lord Sultan,” Jahan said, his forehead wrinkling in concern.
“What exactly are you suggesting?” Arastoo asked. “Balthazar was Sami’s chosen prince for succession. Baal thought he was too young, and look what happened to him.”
“Yes, of course,” Jahan said, speaking gently and waving his hand in the air. “I'm merely suggesting that perhaps--”
“Lord Balthazar will mature,” Arastoo said, interrupting him. Tension suddenly grew between the two demons at they locked eyes and tried to read each other.
“He may well destroy the prestige of our kingdom in the meantime,” Jahan countered, nearly under his breath as the sweat beaded on his fat forehead. He picked up his napkin and dabbed at his face. He was stepping into dangerous territory here and he knew it. He needed to convince Arastoo that Balthazar was simply not fit for the throne.
“Baal had those same ideas, before he was dismissed and shamed,” Arastoo said, his voice growing harsher with each word. “We must have a true descendant on the throne to carry the royal bloodline.”
“Of course,” Jahan said, emphatically, “I whole heartedly agree my friend. But must it truly be Balthazar, when there are so many other princes. Perhaps it would be more beneficial to the kingdom if a more…pliable prince were placed on the throne.”
“After Hasan’s miserable attempt, no one will try to oppose Balthazar,” Arastoo said, his countenance softening slightly. He was done listening to this and he rose from his seat to leave. 
“You're the Lord Enchanter. Your daughter’s hand, and support from the council, will lend any prince the necessary leverage to do what Baal and Hasan could not,” Jahan said hurriedly as he tried to get up from his own seat. He could feel the sweat about to start pouring from his scalp all the way down his back. He had just basically suggested trying to overthrow Balthazar before he was even anointed. This was a treasonous line of thinking that could easily have him sentenced to death, but power was all about making alliances, and making those alliances required risks. Arastoo had stopped his hasty retreat and Jahan could see him mulling over his argument.
“I see what you are attempting to do,” Arastoo said, turning around slightly to glare at Jahan, “And I'm not inclined to assist you. I see no benefit to myself, and with so much risk attached. My daughter will be mated to whoever the Lord Sultan may be, as is protocol. And I am a Council Lord for good reason. I don't feel threatened. It's unfortunate that you do.”

21


Yashmina was enjoying her daily stroll in the royal gardens when strong, familiar hands closed around her big brown eyes and cut off the view of the flowers she was enjoying. A smile lit her face as the scent of the demon she loved washed over her.
“Tavi,” Yashmina said, her small hands coming to rest on top of his and pulling them away from her eyes.
“I missed your scent,” he mumbled in her ear. He breathed in the wonderful smell of her soft brown hair.
“I missed you,” she said, turning around to come face to face with him. Her smile faltered a little as she stepped back from him. “But you’re far too casual in your address of me, and in such a public place.”
“Yashmina,” Tavi said, lifting a hand to her face, “You’re no longer a married woman.” A devilish smile curled on his lips, as he felt the softness of her round cheek with his thumb. “Besides, your husband was all too aware of my affections for you, and he wholeheartedly approved.”
Yashmina gave him a playful punch in the chest, smiling and looking away from him as a blush lit her cheeks. She was a concubine in his father’s harem, though she was only there because of the affection Sami had for her mother, Adira. There was never any type of intimate relationship between the two. It was well known that Tavi and her were madly in love with each other, though it would have been terribly inappropriate for them to be together with her being a concubine of the Lord Sultan.
“You’re so bad,” Yashmina giggled. “But you know how people talk. It’s still not appropriate for us to be together.”
“Hnnn,” Tavi was paying more attention to the curves of her soft face than her words. He laughed at the pout that graced her plump lips when she noticed he wasn’t really listening to her, instead studying her face with adoration. He bent his neck and captured her lips in a kiss before she had time to protest. 
Yashmina couldn’t bring herself to stop him and she sank into the kiss, wrapping her arms around his neck. He snaked his arm around her slender waist and pulled her body closer to his. He broke the kiss and smiled as his nose caught the scent of her arousal. Yashmina’s heart fluttered as she smiled shyly back up at him. 
“I heard a rumor,” Yashmina said, searching for something to take the attention off her arousal. “Did you really return with a human?”
“Yes,” Tavi said, brushing a lock of hair behind her pointed ear with his eyes still locked on her lips.
“What’s she like?” Yashmina asked, her eyes brightening with excitement.
“I believe you’d like her,” Tavi said with a chuckle, “although I’m afraid she may not last long the way she talks to Balthazar. She’s been placed in Lady Carolina’s care.”
“Perhaps I’ll visit the Lady with mother,” Yashmina said. Tavi picked her hand up with his and intertwined their fingers. He brought their clasped hands to his lips and began to kiss each one of her fingers.
“Are you happy to have her with you in the Harem,” Tavi asked, tearing his lips away from her skin long enough to speak.
“I’m happy to have her close to me now,” she said, her gaze falling away from Tavi. Yashmina occupied a grey area of Devasi society. Her mother, Adira, was special to Sultan Sami, and when Adira’s husband disgraced the family through desertion, Sami made Adira the Khaja and married her daughter. It had never been a real marriage, and was not officially consummated. She was allowed to live a quiet life of luxury, denied very little within the walls of the harem, but she was never supposed to love another demon. Then she had met Tavi.
“Soon Balthazar will be anointed,” Tavi said, lifting her chin so that she would look him in the eyes. “And when he is, I intend to speak with him.”
Her brown eyes shone up at him, hope filling her heart. “Do you really think he’ll release me? It’s never been done before.”
“I know he will, my love,” Tavi said placing a kiss on her forehead as he pulled her into his chest. “Balthazar isn’t one to stick to custom simply for custom’s sake.”



Blood. The stench of it filled Alexandra’s nose. Her vision swam with the thick crimson liquid. She felt the hot tears running down her dirty cheek and she tried to reach up to wipe it away, but she found her hands were bound tightly at her side. She screamed as fresh blood splattered across her face and Balthazar fell to his knees in front of her. Blood poured from his broken body as he looked up at her. He was dying and there was nothing she could do about it.
“Alexandra,” a familiar voice cut through the air and her vision suddenly became blurry.
“Alexandra,” the voice rang in her ears again.  Everything went black and the world around her shook violently.
“Alexandra,” Carolina voice was full of distress as she shook Alex awake. 
Her eyes fluttered open and pain immediately pounded on the back of her forehead. Her stomach churned and she couldn’t stop the spew of vomit that came up. A cold sweat washed over her trembling body.
It took her a moment to realize that she was in Carolina’s bed, in her private chambers. After they had finished bathing, Carolina led her through the lush halls of the palace Harem to her rooms. It was like a large apartment, with an entrance room, a sitting room, and a large private bedroom with a closet off to one side that was the size of her old home with Aunt Tammy. The entire thing was nearly the size of Sam’s mansion home, and it was all trimmed out with glistening light pink marble and golden chandeliers. Beautifully carved furniture and swaths of silk fabric decorated every inch of the space and gave it a warm and inviting, exotic feeling. 
They’d had an amazing meal that consisted of entirely too much food, and then Alex had quickly fallen asleep, wrapped in the silky pink sheets of the feather mattress that rested on the floor. 
“Are you alright, girl?” Carolina asked, her brows raised in concern as she signaled for a eunuch to come over and attend to Alex.
“Yeah…I,” Alex struggled to sit up, “It…it was just a bad dream.”
 “A bad dream?” Carolina asked, concern still showing on her beautiful face.  “A dream made you this ill? Is that common?”
“No…not really,” Alex flopped back onto the bed, unable to hold herself up. The eunuch approached with a wet towel in his hand and began to wipe it across Alex’s sweat covered skin. The coldness of it felt good and helped to alleviate some of her discomfort. “They aren’t always so bad. But this one…” 
“This one what?” Carolina asked. She could see the terrified look on the poor girl’s face. “What ever did you see that could make you so afraid?”
“Balthazar,” Alex said. She wiped a hand across her forehead and wanted nothing but to forget the visions she had just seen. “Baal killed him.”
“Oh, my, that is a horrible thing,” Carolina ran a hand along her arm. “Well, it was just a dream. No need to get so worked up about such an unlikely thing.”
“Are you sure? I mean, are you sure Baal can’t get to Balthazar?” Alex asked. Her sudden concern for Balthazar surprised her. He had been so rude to her from the moment they met, but she couldn’t deny the attraction she felt for him. She also couldn’t forget that he had saved her, at least somewhat. She may have been the one to kill Raza, but without him there, she never would have made it through such a thing. The fact that she was more afraid of him dying than her being tied up by Baal again didn’t escape her. 
“Am I sure? Of course I’m sure,” Carolina scoffed. She sat back against a cushion that was on the side of the low set bed. “Baal is no longer a threat to my son. You needn’t worry about that.”
“Good,” Alex said. It was a small comfort to her to know that he was safe. She let the eunuch continue to stroke her heated skin with the cold, wet towel. It was probably nothing, as Carolina said. She was still in shock from the kidnapping and proceeding fight, and the fact that she had taken a life. Surely that’s all it was. 

22


Alex had spent most of the day in bed, recuperating from the sudden ill feeling that had overcome her when she woke up. Apparently, they didn’t have doctor’s in Devasi. Lady Carolina had explained that there was never much of a need for them. The Devasi immune system was incredibly resilient and there wasn’t very much that could kill them aside from old age and a properly placed attack. Alex quietly watched the demoness were she sat in a bed of cushions a short distance from the bed.  She leaned against a triangular backrest with a bolt of white silk across her lap and a thick spool of gold thread by her side. She pushed a needle through the fabric with amazing dexterity as she weaved an elaborate floral design into the shimmering soft fabric. Her hand stopped suddenly as she looked up at Alexandra with a sigh.
“Must you watch my every move, girl?” Carolina asked with raised eyebrows.
“Sorry,” Alex said, looking away. She hadn’t realized she was staring, but the demoness was so graceful that it was easy to get caught up watching her.
“You should go for a walk,” Carolina said, glancing back down at the fabric in her lap. “The gardens are most enjoyable this time of year.”
“A walk?” Alex said, perking up. Getting some fresh air sounded really good, and she was feeling much better now. She needed to get out of the bed and stretch her legs for a while. “That actually sounds really good.”
“Well go on,” Carolina said, waving her hand in the direction of the door to her apartments. “Just go down the large staircase…you remember where it was, yes?...Then take a left and you’ll be outside.”
Alex slid out of the bed, adjusting the silk robe Carolina had given her after her clothes had been incinerated. Carolina insisted they be destroyed, much to the dismay of Alex, because they were not fit clothing for a female in the Devasi royal harem. She wasn’t happy about her favorite jeans being burned, but the silk robe was actually quite comfortable, and it was beautiful, embroidered with gold threads and embellished with precious gems. She tightened the belt around the soft green fabric. 
Alexandra made her way down to the first floor of the harem, and out into the royal gardens. No one stopped to question where she was headed, but all the demonesses and eunuchs of the harem craned their necks to watch as she passed by them.
She followed one of the paths that snaked through the royal gardens, stopping occasionally to pick a few flowers. The gardens were very large, with an artificial pond in the middle and small streams that wound through the landscape. Alex stopped on a slatted wood bridge, leaning against the railing as she watched the water trickling by underneath. She felt much better now that she had gotten some fresh air, but the sky was beginning to darken and she knew she would need to get back to Lady Carolina before too long. 
“You’re the human everyone is talking about,” a smooth voice said behind her.
Alex whirled around to see a pair of deep grey eyes staring back at her. For a moment she was reminded of Balthazar. He had almost the same eyes, the same dark hair and the same bone structure, but this demon looked younger. His body was smaller and not as well defined.
“Um, yeah,” Alex said, turning around to face the demon. His charcoal eyes trailed down her body. Alex shifted uncomfortably, her cheeks heating under the weight of his gaze. She looked around, searching for a way to escape his attention as he lurked closer to her.
“I’m surprised that Lord Balthazar would allow such an exquisite creature like yourself to roam the gardens unaccompanied,” he said as he closed the small gap between them so that his body was only inches from hers. Alex tried to step back but she was pushed into the wood railing of the bridge. 
“I…” Alex sputtered out, “…Lady Carolina…”
“Ah, yes,” the demon said, grasping Alexandra’s wrist and pulling her closer to him, “the Sultana. She’s found herself a new pet.”
He chuckled as he trailed a hand up Alexandra’s thigh, grasping her butt firmly.  She squeaked in shock and tried to pull the offensive hand away, but the demon’s grip was like a vice, and the tips of his claws bit into her flesh through the fabric of her robe.
“Let go of me,” Alex screeched, as she beat her free hand against the rocky chest of the demon. 
“You’re a feisty little thing,” he laughed again, bringing his face closer to hers. “I like that.”
Alex cocked her hand back and slapped him as hard as she could. He didn’t even flinch, but his eyes darkened and the mirth disappeared from his expression.
“I said let go of me,” she hissed between clenched teeth, her heart thumping loudly in her chest. 
The demon rubbed at his cheek, as if trying to understand what she had just done.  His hand cocked back and Alex winced in expectation of his retaliation.
“The human belongs to me, Kaveh,” Balthazar said his voice dark as he suddenly appeared and caught the younger demon’s hand mid-strike.
“Brother,” Kaveh said, quickly releasing his grip on Alex and taking a step back, “I didn’t realize you cared so much for her.”
“Leave,” Balthazar said, narrowing his eyes on Kaveh. He didn’t need to say anything else. Kaveh quickly bowed his head and disappeared.
Balthazar shifted his eyes onto Alexandra. “Is it possible for you to stay out of trouble for one day?”
Alex crossed her arms over her chest and turned away from him, preparing to go back to the harem. She didn’t plan on giving him an answer. He had the same condescending look on his face that he always had when he talked down to her and she simply wasn’t going to acknowledge him. His arm on her elbow stopped her from going any further.
“Why are you in the gardens without a proper escort?” Balthazar asked, pulling her arm to turn her around and look at him.
“Carolina told me to go for a walk,” Alex said, wrenching her arm away from him. “She didn’t say anything about an escort, and frankly I think I can handle a walk by myself.”
“Obviously not,” Balthazar said. It was highly unlike his mother to disregard protocol. He took a moment to note how well Alexandra looked in the royal robes of the harem. She was wearing a particularly special garment studded with tiny diamonds. Balthazar remembered this robe very clearly, as his mother had worn it many times. It was one of her favorites. He realized then that his mother had taken a special liking to the girl, and more importantly, she was meddling again. She may live within the walls of the harem, but she had ways of reaching into affairs far beyond those walls.
Alex could feel her stomach buzzing with nervous energy as Balthazar’s eyes scanned over her and she frantically tried to calm the sensations that swirled through her, knowing that his nose would pick up on it in an instant.
Balthazar wanted to groan aloud at the intensity of the arousal that suddenly hit his nose. Before he could stop himself he was reaching for her, his hand grabbing her waist and gently pulling her towards him. He felt her trying to pull away and it disappointed him when his nose caught a hint of fright in her scent.
“Don’t be afraid of me, girl,” Balthazar said, his voice soft as he continued trying to pull her closer.
“My name is Alexandra,” she said, stepping out of his grasp and staring up at him with her lips pulled tight. “Not girl.”
Balthazar ran a finger gently down her cheek and across her plump bottom lip. He held back a smile when her arousal intensified.
“Alexandra,” he said her name slowly. His voice was husky as he cocked an eyebrow at her. “If you don’t wish to remain a girl, that can be arranged.”
Alex blinked in surprise, suddenly very aware of the closeness of their bodies. She pushed away from Balthazar and swallowed heavily. She just couldn’t handle being so close to him. She felt like her knees were turning into jelly. She had to get away from him just so she could catch her breath. He sighed and his face returned to its usual emotionless mask.
“What is it you want?”  Balthazar asked. Alex paused before answering. She hadn’t exactly thought about it until that very moment, but when she did, she knew exactly what she wanted.
“I want to go home,” she said, looking up at him. He nodded and looked away from her, his eyes focusing on some far away spot while he seemed to be thinking something over.
“I need your help,” Balthazar said. He stepped beside her and leaned over the rail of the bridge, looking down at the water. “Assist me and I promise I’ll find you a way home.”
“Ok,” Alex said. Her green eyes shone up at him and Balthazar couldn’t help but enjoy the smell of her desire that still floated in the air around them. It was probably for the best that he send her home. He couldn’t hold himself back if he was around her for much longer. He didn’t think it relevant to mention that he had no idea how to do that. He needed her to help him and he would have agreed to nearly anything to get that.
“Return to the harem,” Balthazar said, not able to look at her. “We’ll leave in the morning. Do me a favor and try to stay out of trouble until then.”
Alex opened her mouth to rebuke his last comment, but the demon had already disappeared. Her body was shaking from the adrenaline that had built up while he was around and she shook her hands hoping to release some of the tension. She glanced around the garden, suddenly noticing her surroundings in the absence of Balthazar. An oddly familiar face caught her attention. A round, pudgy face that quickly turned away when she caught it watching her. She knew that face from somewhere, but she couldn’t quite place where.

23


Baal’s eyes slid open to a smooth stone ceiling above him. He sat up on his elbows, noticing his bandaged torso, and took in his surroundings. The room was small and dark, with no windows, and a single candle burning by the bed. A wooden door on the other end of the room cracked open, and a pale skinned demon with red eyes stepped into the room, bowing at the end of the bed.
“Master Aelek will see you, if you are well enough to walk,” the demon said, avoiding Baal’s glare.
“Where am I?” Baal demanded. The last thing he remembered was escaping from Balthazar. He had passed out in an empty field just on the border of Devas.
“I’m only here to show you to my master,” the demon responded, “I cannot answer your questions.”
“Fine,” Baal growled rising from the bed with care. He could feel his chest wound healing, but it was still tender. “Take me to this ‘Aelek’.”
The demon led Baal through a maze of narrow passages, devoid of any light or scent. Baal expanded his senses, trying to smell or hear another living being but he found nothing. It was becoming very hard for him to stand the depravity to his senses.
“I don’t sense any life in this place,” Baal said, his yellow eyes straining to see through the darkness.
“Master Aelek is this way,” the servant demon said, glancing momentarily over his shoulder at Baal. They came to a heavy wooden door and the servant pushed it open, letting a flood of moonlight into the darkness. A wave of smells and sounds hit Baal’s senses, and it took him a moment to adjust.
A narrow faced demon sat on a stone bench, a fire burning in the tiled pit set into the floor of the pavilion he occupied. Two demonesses sat at his heels on thick cushions. Their black hair was so long it pooled on the earth colored tiles beneath them.
“Lord Baal,” Aelek said, rising from his seat, a smile on his thin lips. “You are feeling better I hope.”
The female demons rose from their cushions and bowed deeply to Baal. They were royalty, the wife and daughter of Master Aelek, Baal could smell the familiarity between them in their scents. 
“Where am I?” Baal asked, a frown wrinkling his forehead. 
“Please, have a seat,” Aelek said, motioning to an empty seat on the other side of the fire. His wife and daughter returned to the cushions at his side.
Baal studied the demon as he took a seat across from him. He was a lesser demon, and his power was minimal. It still wasn’t clear what race he was. There were so many and the Devasi only rubbed elbows with the more powerful of the demon races.
“Where am I?” Baal asked again, the chill in his voice outweighing the heat of the fire. He was getting very tired of having to ask that question.
“You are in Maracov,” Aelek said, the smile dropping from his face, “Quite a long way from Devas.”
“Why have I been brought here?” Baal asked. He didn’t have time for this. He needed to get back to Devas before Balthazar was anointed as Lord Sultan. He needed to get his revenge on that creature that took his son’s life.
“She’s a human,” Aelek said, folding his hands in his lap and looking at Baal with an even stare.
“What?” Baal’s brows pulled together, forming a deep wrinkle above his nose.  
“The creature,” Aelek said, his blood red eyes fixed on Baal, “She’s a human.”
Baal’s eyes shifted anxiously from Aelek to the female demons.
“We all have our strengths, Lord Baal,” Aelek said, “Maracovians can gleam the thoughts of others.”
“That’s a good strength to have,” Baal said, leaning back, his features relaxing as understanding came to him. “But invade my thoughts again and I will tear you to pieces.”
“No offense meant,” Aelek said with a shrug, “but I believe I can help you.”
“I don’t need your help,” Baal said, his eyes narrowing on the pale-faced demon. Aelek motioned for his wife and daughter to leave. They obediently scurried off, avoiding Baal’s gaze.
“I didn’t say you needed my help,” Aelek said, “But I do hope you’ll hear me out.”
“How long have I taken to heal?” Baal asked, feeling at his bandages. If too much time had passed, Balthazar may have been able to hold his Taj festival. His only concern now was killing him before that happened and then making that girl pay for what she did.
“Two days, Lord Baal,” Aelek said with a crooked smile. He crossed a leg over his knee.
“That’s not possible,” Baal said, his eyes growing wide in astonishment. It would take him a minimum of a week’s time to heal enough from this type of injury to get out of bed. A chunk of his spine had been ripped out and he had to regrow the bone. That was something that always took a lot of time.
“Have you ever heard of the Magi?” Aelek asked, his red eyes shining in the moonlight.
“No,” Baal said. He twisted his back around a bit, feeling that his spine had in fact already regrown. 
“They’re ancient creatures,” Aelek began, “Very powerful, and the natural adversaries of the human you had the displeasure of meeting. Well, technically they could be considered humans themselves, though I wouldn’t say that directly to one of them. They seem to be a bit touchy about that subject for some reason. Anyway, they’ve been gracious enough to facilitate your rapid recovery.”
“I’m listening,” Baal said, sitting up straight, his interest sufficiently piqued.
“I know you want to kill the human for what she did to your son,” Aelek said. He spread his hands out in a placating gesture when Baal bristled at the mention of his son. “I believe we have similar goals.”
“What interest could you possibly have in the girl?” Baal asked.
“I don’t have any interest in her actually,” Aelek said. His eyes darkened and he made a motion to a servant who rushed off into the darkness of the night. “I want the current bloodline of Devas to be wiped from existence.”
“Why would you want that?” Baal asked. He scratched at the overgrown stubble on his chin as he considered the other demon. Completely wiping out the bloodline of Sami had never been his goal, but it did serve Baal’s purpose. Perhaps this demon was someone he could work with after all. 
“Let’s just say my kingdom hasn’t received the recognition it deserves from the current royal family,” Aelek said. He shifted in his seat and Baal could see he wasn’t comfortable with the subject. It didn’t matter. Baal didn’t really care why this demon wanted the Devasi royal family dead. 
“Well, killing that family is much harder than it would seem,” Baal said with a bitter taste in his mouth as he recalled the fight with Balthazar. “Take it from me.”
“I was able to make a good start with Sami,” Aelek said, his eyes suddenly lighting up with joy. A slow smile curled on his lips. 
“So that was you?” Baal said. Up until a week ago, Baal would have wanted to rip his throat out for this knowledge, but now things were different. Now, he didn’t care about things like that anymore. 
“It was,” Aelek said, nodding his head. 
“And where does this girl play into your little scheme?” Baal asked.
“We both know the power and prestige of the Devasi people,” Aelek said. “I’d never be able to take them down on my own. The Magi on the other hand have abilities that make nearly anything possible.”
“Again,” Baal said, “What does the girl have to do with it all?”
“Honestly, I don’t know and I don’t really care,” Aelek said. “The Magi want her and they are willing to give nearly anything to get to her.”
“What do they want with her?” Baal asked. He recalled how strange her aura was, and the way that Balthazar was so protective over her. She was valuable in some way, and that was even more evident if these powerful creatures would give nearly anything for her. 
“I don’t know,” he said with a casual shrug. Baal sighed. It didn’t seem like Aelek was lying to him, at least he could smell no deception coming off him, but it was still frustrating that he didn’t have any answers. 
“So why exactly am I here?” Baal asked with a cocked brow. “The Magi will get you want you want. They’ll have to destroy practically the entire kingdom of Devas to get to the girl. And that doesn’t exactly fulfill any of my desires.”
“No, I guess it doesn’t,” Aelek said. “But nonetheless, I think we can help each other and both get what we want.”
“So then,” Baal said as understanding clicked into place, “you want to betray these Magi, and you’re going to need my help to do it.”
“See,” Aelek said, pointing at Baal with a broad smile. “I knew we could help each other.”

24


“You’re too slow,” Balthazar called over his shoulder at Alexandra. She grunted angrily, stopped in her tracks, and rested her palms on her knees to catch her breath. She wasn’t too slow, he just walked entirely too fast. She could feel her irritation rising with every step he took.
“I need a break,” she said through labored breaths. She said it so breathlessly and he was so far ahead of her that she didn’t think he could have heard her, but he turned sharply around and began to stalk up to her. Before she could make a move to stop him, he had picked her up and tossed her easily over his broad shoulder.
“Hey,” Alex shrieked, piercing the demon’s sensitive ears. Her arms and legs flailed wildly, knocking Balthazar in several places at once. “I said I needed a break, not that I needed you to carry me.”
“Be still,” he grunted as he took a kick to the stomach.
“Put me down,” Alex said, her face already turning red as the blood rushed to fill her skull. She found an unsteady balance by resting her hand on his lower back and half holding herself up.
“We don’t have time to wait for your feeble human body,” Balthazar said. She could hear the condescension in his voice.
“I don’t know why I even have to come,” Alex huffed, as she wiggled her bottom down a little into a more comfortable position. “I would much rather stay.”
“That’s something we agree upon,” Balthazar said, a heavy sigh echoing his words. “Unfortunately it’s required that you accompany me.”
“Required for what?” Alex asked, grunting as her hand slipped on his back and his shoulder pushed into her stomach. She picked herself up again. “Where are we going?”
“I don’t know, and I’m not sure,” Balthazar said, fighting the urge to roll his eyes.  If the girl insisted on asking question after question, it was going to be a long journey. “Now be silent, girl.”
“Don’t tell me to ‘be silent’,” Alex huffed. She tried propping herself up on her elbow against Balthazar’s broad back. It gave her a bit more of a stable position and kept her head high enough to keep the blood from gathering in it. “And stop calling me girl.”
Balthazar’s hand flew up and smacked Alexandra square on the butt cheek just as he picked up his speed and began to flash through the countryside. He wanted to laugh when she squealed in indignation. 
“I said be silent, girl,” he said, with a smirk on his lips. Alexandra growled at the assault, and Balthazar found himself wanting to laugh at the pathetic sound of it. Even a child demon’s growl was fiercer than hers. If she meant it as a threat, she certainly wasn’t scaring him.
It wasn’t long before the blur of the landscape made Alexandra’s head swim. She shut her eyes and tried to make herself as comfortable as possible. In spite of the speed they seemed to be going, the ride was surprisingly smooth. She just had to get used to the awkward position. She thought about asking her to hold her in a different position, but she felt like any other way would feel too intimate. The last thing she wanted to do was suffer the embarrassment of him smelling her arousal. 
When they finally came to a stop and Balthazar let Alex down, it was just after sunset. Alex could see the stars starting to come out, twinkling like a million candles in the blue black sky. She stretched her aching muscles, pushing her chest out and trying to ease the ache that had settled into her lower back from being hung over Balthazar’s shoulder all day.
“Where are we going, anyway?” Alex asked as she rubbed at the small of her back.
Balthazar sat at the base of a thick tree, leaning his head back and closing his eyes. He reached into the little bag that he carried on his hip and pulled out a wrapped package of bread and dried meat.
“We need to rest now,” he said. “Just be quiet.”
Balthazar had used a bit more energy than he should have carrying her through the country. Using his rapid speed was enough of a drain on his energy, but carrying her and having to deal with her plump round bottom right beside his face was more difficult than he had thought it would be.
He wanted to get this over with as soon as possible. The more time he spent with her, the more that he talked with her, the more he found that he cared about her. He didn’t know why. All she did was ask questions and fight with him on everything he told her to do. It certainly wasn’t something he was used to, but yet he couldn’t keep himself from wanting to touch her, look at her, smell her. He just wanted to get through this as quickly as possible and with as little interaction with her as possible. 
“No,” Alex said, folding her arms and sitting down right in front of him. “Tell me where we’re going.”
“Will you shut up if I do?” Balthazar asked, his eyes rolling open to glare at her.
“Maybe,” Alex said, narrowing her eyes at him. He unwrapped the little package of food and handed a strip of smoked meat to her. She happily took it and bit into it. “Tell me where we’re going,” she said through chews.
“The Aska Bluffs,” Balthazar said.  He broke off a chunk of bread and handed that to her. “Now shut up.”
Alex narrowed her eyes at the demon prince as his eyes once again closed to her. He took a bite of the meat and leaned his head back against the tree as if he thought the conversation was over. 
“That doesn’t tell me anything,” she said, taking another bite of her food.
“We seek a griffin egg,” Balthazar said, peering at her through heavy eyelids, “and that is where the creatures dwell.”
“A griffin?”  Alex said, her eyes lighting up.  “There are real live griffins?”
“I believe the agreement was you would shut up,” Balthazar said, shifting a little against the tree.
Alexandra’s jaw flopped open and shut, searching for a response but coming up blank. She finally just scooted away from him, muttering under her breath. She finished her food, crossed her arms over her knees and looked up at the sky. The stars were so bright. They felt so close. It was a beautiful sight and a sort of peace washed over Alex.
Balthazar sensed the sudden shift in her aura and he opened his eyes to see what had caused it. Alexandra’s olive eyes sparkled as the moonlight danced off them. She sucked her bottom lip between her teeth and bit it softly as she enjoyed the view. She was breathtakingly beautiful and Balthazar realized he was staring.
“You enjoy the stars,” he said, startling Alex with the softness that had crept into his voice. She looked over at him and blinked a couple of times before turning back to the stars.
“They’re not as bright where I’m from,” Alex said, her voice almost reverent. Balthazar watched her for a moment more before he leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He wanted to ask her more about where she was from. He wanted to talk to her more, but he knew if he shouldn’t. 
“Can I ask you a question?” Alex said softly. Balthazar cracked his eyes open again, and considered her for a moment.
“You may,” he said finally, crossing his arms over his chest and waiting for her question.
Alex hesitated, suddenly too nervous to ask. In that moment Balthazar felt so different. He felt warmer, almost vulnerable. She liked him so much more like this. She wasn’t sure if she wanted to risk changing that.
“Ask,” Balthazar said, although the authority behind his words felt somehow forced. 
“Why do you want more power?” Alex finally asked, “I mean, it seems like everyone already listens to you. I don’t know what I can possibly do to help you get more.”
“You know nothing of demons,” Balthazar said, looking away from her. He really didn’t want to get into the problems that were plaguing him. Even if she would understand what he was dealing with, which he was certain she wouldn’t, he just didn’t want to think about it all right now. 
“So tell me,” Alex said. She scooted closer to him and moved to sit with her thighs pulled to her chest and her chin resting on her knees.
“I’m the first born of my father,” Balthazar said, deciding to give her as concise of a version as he could. “He was a good Lord Sultan, and it is my duty to keep my family’s kingdom and legacy intact, but my enemies are many and strong. They’ve been waiting for a chance to strike our kingdom and now is the best they’re going to get.”
Alex could see the look that glossed over Balthazar’s eyes when he spoke of his father. It was a mixture of sadness and pride, with a hint of anger.
“What happened to your father?” Alex asked.  Balthazar looked down at his lap and took so long to answer her that she thought he wouldn’t.
“He was assassinated,” he said, his voice and eyes suddenly hardening.  “In his bed, while he slept.”
Balthazar’s jaw tensed and Alex felt a sharp pang of sadness. She knew more than anyone how he felt. Memories of Aunt Tammy flooded her and she felt the familiar sting of tears growing behind her eyes. It felt like it had been ages since she last cried. With everything that had been going on, her pain at losing Aunt Tammy had been pushed completely from her mind. Now though, she couldn’t stop the tears from coming.
“Why do you cry?” Balthazar asked, a puzzled look on her face.
“Because I know how it feels to lose someone so important to you,” Alex said, a tear dropping down her cheek. She sniffled and wiped her eyes with the back of her hand, forcing herself to stop crying. Balthazar said nothing more, and the two fell into a comfortable silence.
“The last conversation I had with my father,” Balthazar spoke suddenly, shattering the quiet, “we fought. I was disrespectful to him and I will regret that for the rest of my life.”
He wasn’t sure why exactly he felt compelled to tell her that. It was something he thought he would never divulge to anyone, but once the words left his mouth he felt better. Somehow he found it so much easier to talk to her and say things that he never felt he could say in front of anyone else. Like she wouldn’t be judging him or looking for his weaknesses to manifest themselves so that she could use them against him later.
“I’ll help you,” Alex said with a small nod. “In any way that I can, I promise I’ll help you.”

25


Sunlight beamed through the foliage of the tree Balthazar had fallen asleep under and stirred him from his sleep. He immediately noticed the human snuggled against him. The thin blue silk of her robe was parted slightly, revealing a creamy white thigh and that magnificent backside that had taunted him the day before. Her onyx hair was splayed out across the green grass, and her bare backside was pressed against the side of his thigh. Balthazar reached out to nudge her awake, his hand resting on the soft skin of her exposed hip. Alexandra moaned softly, turned over and curled into him. She nuzzled her head into the crook of his arm and sighed softly. A thick chunk of her hair flopped over her face and Balthazar pushed it aside, unable to stop himself from running a finger down her chin.  She lifted her face to his as her eyelids fluttered open.
Balthazar was in a mild daze as his eyes focused on her barely parted lips. He bent his neck and drew closer. He teetered on the edge of kissing her as he fought with what he wanted to do and what he knew he should do. 
“Balthazar?” Alex questioned, rubbing the sleep from her eyes before she realized the position she was in. She rushed to straighten her robes and cover herself as a heavy blush heated her cheeks. She knew it would only be a moment before the demon sensed her change in mood, and she pressed her thighs together, hoping to stifle the growing sensation of desire that the look in his eyes was giving her.
A shriek in the sky above snapped Balthazar out of his haze. A shadow blotted out the sun, and he growled out angrily. They were in trouble now.
A griffin smashed into the ground, tearing up the earth beneath its massive paws as it came to a crashing halt. The beast loomed over them, his solid black eyes unblinking as he snapped his beak a couple times.
“Are you lost demon?” the griffin spoke, his head turned, with one eye trained on the pair.
“You can speak,” Alex gasped softly, a hand covering her lips.
“That I can,” the griffin replied, his head snapped up and down. “Now you speak, demon. Why have you come here?”
“An egg,” Balthazar said flatly, rising of the ground and squaring his shoulders. There was no use trying to lie to the griffin. It wouldn’t believe him no matter what he said and this way they could just get right down to business.
The griffin’s beak parted, his tongue pulling back as he cawed loudly into the air. The strength of his cry shook Alex straight through to the core and she stood and moved closer to Balthazar. The creature pawed at the ground as it shook his head, ruffling the thick feathers that covered his neck. His long furry tail whipped back and forth behind him.
This was not how Balthazar had planned on facing the griffin, but all he could do now was make the best of his situation. The one thing he had against the griffin was his speed. He could not best it in strength, and the beast’s claws would shred him to pieces in an instant. If he handled things just right, this could actually turn out better for him.
“You can try to take one from me, demon,” the griffin said just as his tail shot forward and wrapped around Alexandra’s waist. It pulled her away from Balthazar and leapt into the sky. “But I’ll be keeping this little treasure.”
Balthazar watched as the griffin flew away, the human shrieking in fear as she trailed behind. He fought the urge to sigh at her constant lack of composure. Did she really think he would let her get hurt so easily? Perhaps she didn’t understand the extent of Balthazar’s power, and apparently neither did the griffin.
Griffins coveted anything of value. That usually meant gold and jewels, but the griffin had obviously recognized the value Alexandra had to Balthazar. It had chosen the girl as a new piece for his collection and Balthazar planned to use that to his advantage.

26


Alexandra landed with a thud on a pile of sparkling metal objects. Her eyes quickly adjusted to the darkness of the cave that the griffin had taken her to. The entire back section was filled from floor to ceiling with gold and silver objects. A tangled nest of small trees sat in the middle of the cave, and a smaller griffin was curled up on top of it with black eyes that were trained on Alex.
The griffin pair greeted each other, rubbing necks and making clicking sounds as they nuzzled each other. The griffin that had captured Alex curled up next to the nest and laid his head to rest on his paws. Alex had assumed that Balthazar would be right behind the griffin to rescue her, but as the hours passed with no sign of him, she became disheartened.
Aside from tossing her onto his treasure pile, the griffin had completely ignored her, so Alex began to feel her way around toward the entrance of the cave. Her eyes nervously watched the pair of massive beasts that appeared to be sleeping. She stepped up to the lip of the cave and peered over the edge. Her head swam with the dizzying height. A rocky canyon spread out as far as she could see and killed any hope of her escaping on her own.
“There’s no need to be anxious little creature,” the griffin suddenly spoke just behind her. She whirled back around to face him. “This is your new home, and I make sure all my treasures are well taken care of.”
“Yeah, I can see that,” Alex said with heavy sarcasm as she motioned to the haphazard pile of objects stacked in the back of the cave. The griffin made a huffing sound that Alex took to be a laugh of some sort. 
“Balthazar will come for me,” she said, but her words lacked the confidence she was forcing onto her face. She crossed her arms over her chest in an effort to look more intimidating.
“Will he?” the griffin asked sitting up on his hind legs and glaring down at Alex with his lidless black eyes. “Demons aren’t known to be particularly heroic. Why would he do such a thing?”
“He’ll come,” Alex said, looking away and back out to the canyon outside. She didn’t know if he even could come for her this time. She didn’t see any way to get up the sheer face of the canyon wall without flying, and she was fairly certain that Balthazar didn’t have that ability.
“What are you?” the griffin asked, inching closer to her. His beak bobbed in the air as if he was scenting something. Alex considered not telling him, or even lying to him, but she didn’t really see a point. She was just tired of fighting with everyone that kidnapped her. She might as well tell him and cut right to the chase.
“I’m human,” Alex said slowly. Her eyes were wide as she watched the griffin step a little closer to her. She backed up dangerously close to the edge of the cave lip to get away from him.
“Is that so?” the griffin asked, pulling back with excitement in his voice. “It’s been many centuries since I’ve heard of a human in these lands. Have the worlds once more merged?”
“Merged?” Alex asked, with her brows pulled together in confusion. “You mean humans have been here before?”
“Yes, of course. Although it was quite some time ago,” the griffin said, his voice softened. “Now, do step back inside. I would very much hate for the newest piece in my collection to take such a nasty tumble.”
Alex did as he asked, watching him carefully as she took wide steps back into the front of the cave.
“My name is Shirdal,” he said. His voice was kind and full of excitement.
“Alexandra.”
The griffin dipped his neck, spreading his wings out behind him and bending his knees in a bow. “It’s very much a pleasure to make your acquaintance Alexandra.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Alex said, a smile growing on her face as she became a little more comfortable in the griffin’s presence. He had kidnapped her, yes, but he wasn’t being unkind and he hadn’t hurt her. She didn’t see any reason not to be nice until Balthazar came for her, if he came for her.
“This is my mate,” Shirdal said, motioning to the griffin sitting on the nest. “However, she is incapable of speech. Please, come back inside our home and we can chat further.”
Alex stepped deeper into the cool darkness of the cave, settling down on the hard floor next to the nest. She pulled her thighs up next to her chest and rested her chin on her knees. The female griffin was watching her intently, her solid black eyes darting from Shirdal to Alex.
“Tell me something Alexandra,” Shirdal said as he settled next to his mate. “You seem rather attached to this demon.”
“Do I?” Alex said, trying to hide the blush from her cheeks. She wanted to deny it, but he was right. Was it that easy to read the feelings she had for Balthazar on her face? She certainly hoped not. It was terribly embarrassing. Especially knowing that the demon could smell it out so easily.
“Yes, indeed you do,” Shirdal said and Alex could hear the amusement in his voice. She could have sworn she saw the muscled corners of his beak twitching upward. “I was just a young cub when humans last roamed in our world, but I do remember a lack of affinity for the demonic kind. What is it about this one that has you so…attached?”
“Well, he’s going to help me get back home,” Alex said. She fidgeted a little on the cold rock floor. “That’s why we needed…”
“One of my eggs,” Shirdal said, dipping his head as he finished her sentence.
“I’m sorry,” Alex said with softened eyes. She shook her head, not knowing what to say. “I didn’t think… It’s not…”
“I know,” Shirdal said. “I take no offense. It is the demon that has misled you. I would caution you to be careful around his kind.”
“What do you mean?” Alex asked, her brows pulling together. “Why would you say that?”
“I’m a very old creature, Alexandra,” Shirdal said, “and I have seen many things. The demon will come for you, of that I have no doubt. It’s a natural ability of mine to see the value he places on you. That doesn’t worry me. A demon is no match for a griffin. But what worries me is the affection that I see you have for him.”
“No” Alex said shaking her head forcefully as her cheeks heated up. “Trust me, there’s no affection. I mean, we promised to help each other. But, don’t get me wrong, there ‘s no affection. Nope. No way. Huh uh. He’s a stuck-up, self-important, spoiled demon prince. No affections. No sir.”
Alexandra’s cheeks heated to a rosy blush at the thought of having such feelings for Balthazar. Her reaction had only served to prove his point and Alex knew it. She clamped her mouth shut before she could say anything else that would confirm his suspicions.
“Did you say a demon prince?” Shirdal asked. His voice had suddenly turned harsh. He straightened up a little and his feathered neck fluffed out.
“Well, yeah,” Alex said, blinking at the sudden shift in his demeanor. “He’s from Devas. But I think he’s going to become the Lord Sultan soon.”
“A Devasi Lord Sultan,” Shirdal mumbled, his neck feathers puffed out further as he reared back and began to pace the cave floor. “This could be trouble.”

27


“Prince Kaveh,” Jahan said with a broad smile.  He stood from his cushion at the head of his dining table, gesturing for the prince to sit on the other side of him. “It’s truly an honor to have you dine in my home.”
“Spare me the pleasantries,” Kaveh said with a dismissive wave of his hand as he settled into the cushion. “You requested my presence, and I’m here. Just tell me what you want so I can get back to the palace.”
“Yes, straight to business. I like that,” the fat demon replied. The jowls of his neckless face jiggled as he looked down at the table for a moment. The sight of him made Kaveh want to hurl. He was a disgrace to all their kind, an oddity really. If he wasn’t the Khaja, there’s no way Kaveh would have accepted his invitation. “However, I believe my proposal would be better received with a good meal.”
“Is that so?” Kaveh said, fighting the urge to sigh. Even though Jahan was a Council Lord, it was highly unlikely that his kitchen staff could prepare a meal that rivaled what was served at the palace. But, he was already here and he was rather curious, so he might as well indulge the demon. “Whatever. Just get on with it.”
Kaveh was pleasantly surprised when Jahan’s servant brought out a dish of his favorite stewed meat with greens. The smell was incredible, making his mouth water as the servant set it on the table in front of him. Another servant worked to fill the rest of the table with various side dishes and appetizers. It wasn’t as expansive as what would be served to him in the palace, but Kaveh found he was impressed nonetheless.
“I was not appointed the Khaja for nothing,” Jahan said, noticing the sudden change in Kaveh’s demeanor as he dug into the dishes laid out before them. “I believe these are all your most requested dish.”
“Yes,” Kaveh said, talking between bites, “But, if you intend to win my favor through food—“
“No, no” Jahan said, waving a hand in the air. “Of course not. I merely wish to honor you, as you have honored me.”
“Polite words will also fail to garner my favor,” Kaveh said, cocking an eyebrow at him as he piled more food onto his plate. 
“Of course,” Jahan said with a polite nod. He began to fill his own plate with food and it wasn’t long before the two had finished off most of what was on the table. 
 “Tell me,” Kaveh said between sips of Tivi wine, “Why is it you’re fat? I’ve always wondered. It’s such an unusual thing for a Devasi, almost disgraceful.”
“As you can see, my prince,” Jahan said, indicating to the empty plates of food around him. “I’m rather fond of food, and not so fond of physical activity.”
“It’s an embarrassment to our kingdom,” Kaveh said, setting his glass down. “If I were Lord Sultan, I would order you to lose it.”
Jahan’s eyes sparkled. He knew that Kaveh envied Balthazar, all his younger brothers did. Jahan was hoping that would play to his advantage and he could convince the young prince to go along with his newest scheme. Luckily, Kaveh’s insult actually gave Jahan a nice segue into his reason for inviting him here.
“If you were Lord Sultan,” Jahan began delicately, “I believe many things would be different.”
“They would,” Kaveh said. His eyes drifted to the ceiling as he sipped on his wine. 
“What if that was to actually happen, my prince?” Jahan said with a curve in his eyebrow. He knew he was taking another big risk by propositioning Kaveh so openly, but after his botched attempt with Arastoo he needed to cover himself quickly. A new alliance with Kaveh would help him with that.
Kaveh considered the fat demon’s words while he swirled the wine around in his mouth. Jahan, being a council Lord had a great deal of power within the kingdom. The Council Lords, if they were all in agreement, were the only ones that could outright oppose the Lord Sultan. Realization dawned on him and he understood why he had been invited here. So that was why Jahan had summoned him.
“There are some in the kingdom that would see a different prince on the throne,” Jahan braved to say in the silence that was left behind his last statement. He could feel the sweat forming on his forehead.
“Are you one of those?” Kaveh asked, his eyes narrowed on Jahan as he picked up on the other demon’s nervousness. He hadn’t actually thought about trying to usurp Balthazar. They hadn’t always got along, but he didn’t hate him as much as some of the other brothers. Still, it was an enticing idea. As the Lord Sultan, he could do whatever the hell he wanted. He did like the thought of that.
“I am but a humble servant,” Jahan said with a smile, “and I only want what is best for my beloved kingdom.”
“And you feel that’s not Balthazar?” Kaveh continued to prod, enjoying the way the fat demon squirmed under his scrutiny. He still wasn’t decided where he was on this issue. On the one hand, being Lord Sultan sounded like a good idea. On the other hand, having to deal with a very pissed off Balthazar did not sound like a good idea.
“I’m not one to make such decisions,” Jahan said, shaking his head. “However, if another prince should arise that was interested in the position I would not necessarily be opposed.”
“Enough vague talk,” Kaveh said leaning forward. “Tell me why you have asked me here. I want you to be very blunt, Khaja.”
“What if I told you I had a way to make you the Lord Sultan?” Jahan asked with a mixture of fear and excitement in his beady little eyes. “What if I had a way to get rid of Balthazar, and a way to ensure that the Council backed you when he’s gone?”
“I’d say that would be very interesting information,” Kaveh said, tilting his head to the side as he smiled at Jahan.

28


By the time night fell Alex was seriously concerned that Balthazar hadn’t shown up to rescue her. Maybe he didn’t know where she was. They had flown pretty far from where Shirdal had taken her. It was possible that he just wouldn’t be able to find her. She wondered how long he would look for her before he gave up.
“It is better that he not come,” Shirdal said, sensing her distress and attempting to soothe Alex. “He would only die in vain.”
Alex could still hear the worry behind the griffin’s words, even though he tried to hide it. He had been fretting about Balthazar’s arrival since he found out who exactly he was, but none of that really mattered to Alex. All she could think about was that he hadn’t come for her, and her stomach sank to her knees at the thought that he wasn’t going to come.
“But he promised me,” Alexandra’s eyes were downcast as she spoke. “He promised that he’d protect me.”
“I’m sorry about that,” Shirdal said, sincerity shining in his eyes, “but it’s best you learn that you cannot trust the word of a demon.”
“I just...” Alex shook her head. She didn’t want to believe that he had chosen not to come for her. She wanted to believe that he had tried and he just wasn’t able to find her. 
Although she wanted to be rescued, her initial opinion of Shirdal had changed greatly. Yes, he had technically kidnapped her, but that really wasn’t the way the griffin looked at it. He couldn’t help the need he had to collect precious and valuable things anymore than she could help the attraction she had for Balthazar. Shirdal had welcomed her into his home and he had been nothing but kind to her. She didn’t want to steal away one of his eggs now.
“Are you hungry?” Shirdal asked, sitting up suddenly on his hind legs. Alex could see the desire to cheer her up in his eyes. She hadn’t eaten all day, but she didn’t have an appetite now. She just shook her head.
“It really is for the best,” Shirdal said, huffing out a sigh and settling back down. “You’ll like it here. I will make sure of that. Something the demon could never do for you.”
Alex let out a heavy sigh and stretched out on the cold floor of the cave. She closed her eyes, hoping that sleep would come and take her away, but it didn’t. The gnawing thought that Balthazar had abandoned her to the griffins ate away at her. She turned over, trying to get comfortable. The griffin mates had fallen fast asleep and past them Alex could see the stars twinkling in the sky outside.
Suddenly the statuesque form of Balthazar blocked out the moonlight that filtered into the cave. His right hand gripped the woven branch rope that had taken him most of the day to make. His left hand held a bag that undulated gently and had taken him the rest of the day to put together. Alexandra’s heart leapt into her throat at the sight of him and she sat up.
Her brows drew together when she realized he wasn’t coming any further into the cave. He was just standing at the entrance, staring at her. She stood up on shaky legs and picked her way around the sleeping griffins.
Balthazar stood at the entrance, watching Alexandra, waiting for what he knew she was going to do. He had precious little time with the girl, but one thing he had learned to count on was her ability to get into trouble. He didn’t have to wait long for her clumsiness to manifest itself. She stumbled on a rock and fell to the ground, a grunt escaping her lips. Shirdal’s feathered head popped up and his eyes snapped open. Balthazar dropped the bag he was holding and a writhing mass of serpents slid out and began to make their way across the cave floor.
Shirdal and his mate immediately reared away from the serpents. A single bite from the creatures had the ability to mortally wound them. It was their one major weakness and a secret they tried hard to hide, but Balthazar hadn’t come into this unprepared. He had gathered as much information about griffins as he could before he had left the palace with Alexandra. 
Shirdal picked at the snakes with his massive beak in an attempt to protect his mate while Alex scrambled to her feet and made a dash towards Balthazar. Shirdal caught her with his tail, tossing her back against the treasure horde at the back of the cave. His mate went for Balthazar, leaving three surprisingly small, blue green eggs exposed.
Balthazar slid under the she griffin and made a grab for an egg. A growl ripped through the cave as the female griffin’s talons dug into Balthazar’s back and he was thrown against the stonewall of the cave. The egg fell from his hand, rolled across the floor of the cave and came to a stop just between Alex and Shirdal. The female griffin returned to her nest and shielded the remaining eggs with her body as she shrieked wildly. Her black eyes darted around the cave, watching the chaos unfold.
Shirdal’s concentration was split between saving the egg, keeping his newest treasure, and the deadly serpents that now littered the cave floor. He didn’t have time to react when Balthazar used his speed to appear right before him. He tossed the open end of his rope around Shirdal’s neck. The beast pulled away, and clawed at Balthazar. He caught him in the torso with the tip of his fore talon and tore open the almost healed wound from the fight with Baal. Balthazar growled in pain, but did not let go of the rope. His head snapped back to Alexandra as he wrestled with the rope that was wrapped around Shirdal’s neck.
“Grab the egg,” Balthazar growled out.
“No,” Alex screamed at him, “I’m not going to steal his egg. It’s not right.”
“Girl,” Balthazar shouted. The whites of his eyes flashed red as he fought to maintain his hold on the griffin. Alex was taken back by the sudden shift. She had never seen his eyes do that before, but she quickly recovered.
“My name is Alexandra, not girl,” she said, her jaw setting as she crossed her arms, “and I’m not stealing his egg.”
Shirdal snapped his head around and he reared back. He overpowered Balthazar and kicked him to the front of the cave. He landed against the rocky surface with a heavy grunt and barred his fangs at the griffin before he rushed him again. This time he changed direction before he reached him and snatched Alex up into his arms. She felt a nauseating tug on her body as they suddenly appeared at the entrance of the cave. 
“I won’t allow you to be harmed, OK?” Balthazar said softly as he looked down at her.
Alex didn’t have time to fully comprehend what he was saying before her body was jerked violently away from him. As she felt herself falling through the air, the realization hit that Balthazar had just thrown her off the cliff. The air was forced from her lungs in a panicked yelp, and Alex clamped her eyes shut as her body tensed for impact.
She felt another sharp jerk as the griffin’s paw wrapped around her just before she hit the ground. He circled around, landing on the ground at the bottom of the cliffs. Balthazar landed in front of Shirdal and Alex, making a small crater from the impact of his jump down from the height of the cave.
“Give me the human, and I’ll leave you and your mate be,” Balthazar said, straightening. His body shook from his exertion and he was panting heavily. Shirdal reared his head back and fluffed his feathers out as he snapped at Balthazar with his powerful beak.
“You don’t want to leave your mate alone with a cave full of serpents,” Balthazar said, sensing the griffin’s hesitation at giving back his newest acquisition. “She can’t fight them off by herself.”
“This isn’t over, demon,” Shirdal shrieked, his talons digging into the ground for leverage before he lifted into the air. A strong rush of wind beat down from his massive wings as he flew back up to his cave.
Alexandra felt her body being jerked again and a hot wave of nausea washed over her. When her eyes focused, she realized that she was alone with Balthazar in the middle of a forest. He was covered with blood and he collapsed under the weight of his injuries.
“Balthazar,” Alexandra gasped as she tried unsuccessfully to keep him from falling. She looked over his ripped torso and her face contorted in concern. “There’s so much blood.”
“I’ll be alright,” Balthazar said, trying to push her worrying hands off him. His efforts were surprisingly weak and Alex became even more worried. 
Balthazar watched as Alex fretted over his wounds and he wanted to laugh. She looked so afraid, as if he had been mortally wounded. Granted, he was injured and exhausted from so much exertion of power, but he would heal in a very short amount of time. It was touching though how concerned she was for him. 
“There’s so much blood,” Alex said again, her eyes welling up with tears, “and these scratches are so deep.” 
Her hands probed the slices that the griffin’s talons had left in Balthazar’s chest. He winced as she hit a particularly sore spot. Alex sniffled, trying to hold back her tears. She didn’t know what to do. He looked like he was bleeding out.
“I’ll be fine, girl,” Balthazar said, grabbing her wrists gently and pulling her hands away from his injuries. “I would be better if you had listened to me and grabbed the egg.”
“Well I’m glad I didn’t,” Alex said, pulling her hands away from his grasp. “We shouldn’t be stealing their eggs anyway. It’s not right.”
“Even if it’s the only way to return to your home?” Balthazar asked. He scooted up a little so that he could rest his back against the trunk of a tree.
“We can find another way,” Alex said, looking up at the demon with determination set in her green eyes. She bit at her lip as she once again looked over his wounds.
“Then I guess it’s a good thing I grabbed the egg,” Balthazar scoffed, reaching into the pouch that was attached to his belt and pulling out a shiny blue green egg.
“No,” Alex said, her voice rising angrily. She stood up and paced in front of Balthazar. “He may have kidnapped me, but that’s nothing worse than what you did. He doesn’t deserve to have his eggs stolen.”
“I kidnapped you?” Balthazar asked, his eyebrow cocked as his voice hardened. “Funny, I thought we found you unconscious and alone. Perhaps my brother should have just left you there to fend for yourself?”
“Whatever,” Alex huffed. She folded her arms over her chest and looked away. She didn’t want to fight with him right now. He had a good point, but she wasn’t about to tell him that right now. She was just mad at him for stealing the egg.
“You’re a naïve creature,” Balthazar said, grunting as he shifted against the tree.
“I am not,” Alex shot back, her bottom lip pushed out as she pointed a finger at him, “and Shirdal warned me about you, about all you demons.”
“I’m sure he did,” Balthazar said, “We try to kill the damn creatures whenever we can.”
“Why?” Alex gasped, mortified at the frankness of his words. “Why would you do such a thing? He’s a kind creature and you’re no better than him.”
“Didn’t you wonder were all his treasures came from?” Balthazar asked. “They’re stolen. Mostly from my people.”
“Well that still doesn’t give you the right to steal his eggs,” Alex said. “And it especially doesn’t give you a reason to kill him.”
“Griffins feed off the flesh of our children,” Balthazar said icily as he narrowed his eyes at her. “That gives me a reason.”

29


Kaveh watched Nila, one of Arastoo’s daughters, with a predatory gleam in his eyes. She was perusing the wares of one of the many stalls in the marketplace just outside of the palace walls. When Jahan had first laid out his little plan, Kaveh was skeptical. He still wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to try and go against Balthazar, but so far the only task that he needed to complete seemed like a rather fun one, so he figured he’d go along. He could always back out before he got himself into too much trouble.
“Lady Nila,” Kaveh said, coming up behind the silver haired demoness as she ran a hand over the brocaded silk fabric an anxious seller had laid out for her. “What a pleasure to run into such a beautiful Lady.”
“Prince Kaveh,” Nila said, blushing slightly as she turned and bowed to him. He could see she wanted to say more, but she didn’t. Her eyes fixed on the ground in front of her as she nibbled on her bottom lip. She was shy, Kaveh thought. How cute. 
“Do you like this fabric?” Kaveh asked, gesturing to the dark blue bolt of fabric she had been examining before he interrupted her.
“It’s lovely,” Nila said, with a nervous smile as she looked at the bolt with longing. For a prince of the kingdom to take such notice of Nila was a thrilling sensation for her. She was a beautiful demoness, she knew that, but she was used to her older sister, Azira, getting all the attention. She had seen Kaveh around the palace when she was allowed to go there for festivals and she had always thought he was so handsome, but she never dared hope that he would ever take an interest in her.
“The Lady will take the entire bolt,” Kaveh said to the shopkeeper. “You may demand your payment from the palace treasury.”
“Prince Kaveh,” Nila said, a hand rising to her mouth as she gasped in surprise. “You’re too generous.”
“Nonsense,” Kaveh said, waving his hand in the air. “A beautiful Lady such as yourself should be adorned in the finest our kingdom has to offer.”
“Thank you,” she replied, her eyes downcast as she bent her knees in an overly appreciative bow. 
“However,” Kaveh said, as he let a slow smile spread across his lips, “there are strings attached.”
Nila felt her heart drop. She felt silly for believing that a prince would take such an interest in her. He was far too handsome to be interested in her in that way. He could have any female in the kingdom. 
“You must wear your new garment when you join me for diner,” Kaveh said, enjoying the play of emotions that washed through Nila’s aura. He had always seen her around, and though she was quite attractive he had never taken much interest in her. Now, he found the slight blush on her cheeks and the anxiety in her aura absolutely adorable. 
“Dinner?” Nila asked, her eyes sparkling as she looked up at him.
“Yes,” Kaveh said, as he picked her hand up with his, “That is, if you would accept.”
“It would be a pleasure,” Nila said, her blush deepening.
“Good,” Kaveh said, lifting her hand to his lips. He kissed her hand, and noted with pleasure the shiver that ran down her arm when he did so. Perhaps the fat demon, Jahan, had been right, Kaveh mused to himself. If their plan worked, he would soon be Lord Sultan.

30


Alex sat against a tree, watching Balthazar as he slept. Her initial concern over his condition had lessened significantly once his wounds began to close over and heal. His chest rose and fell in a gentle, rhythmic movement and Alex found it oddly peaceful to watch. She had taken the opportunity while he slept to really study his features and she was glad he wasn’t awake to catch all her shifting emotions as she did. He was so incredibly handsome that it almost hurt her to look at him. At first she had just stared at him, memorizing every curve and dip in his facial structure. Then she got annoyed at how perfect he looked, with the slight stubble that had grown over his jaw since they’d left the palace and she tried in vain to find a flaw in his perfect mask, but there wasn’t any. He was just devastatingly handsome.
A soft breeze blew through the trees and rustled the leaves, creating a melody that lulled Alex close to slumber. The soft tweedle of a flute echoed somewhere in the distance and Alex felt her body suddenly growing lighter. She didn’t realize she was standing until she was already on her feet, and as she looked behind her she saw the demon prince fading away into the distance.
A fog enveloped Alex that clouded her mind. She stumbled aimlessly through the forest, following the beautiful, melodic tune. Before long she found herself standing at the edge of a lake. The placid water reflected her image and Alex barely recognized herself. Her hair and clothes, though now both dirty and utterly ruined, were in the Devasi style. She brought a hand up to her cheek as she watched herself move in the mirrored surface of the water. A ripple distorted the image and ran across the still waters of the lake as a face began to emerge from behind her reflection. She couldn’t tell whether the face belonged to a man or woman, but the pale skin had an ethereal glow behind it that held her mesmerized.
“Leave the human alone, mercreature,” a firm voice behind her snapped Alex to attention. The once beautiful face in the water turned into a hideous scowl. The creature’s mouth opened wide, flashing rows of gnarled teeth. It shrieked as it pushed back in the water and a fish-like tail flipped up to splash Alex. She shook the fog from her mind and stood up, turning on her heels to see who had spoken.
“Mercreatures are dangerous, human,” the man said. A shimmering wave of tiny blue scales rushed over his skin before returning to normal looking flesh. His eyes were solid black and he had a thick black braid that trailed down his bare back. But most shocking to Alex was that the man was stark naked. He was either unaware of his nudeness, or extremely proud of his body, and Alex blushed hotly as her eyes shot away from him.
“Who…What…” Alex tried to form a cohesive thought, but her mouth just flapped open, her words failing to form a full sentence.
“Forgive me,” the creature said with a supplicating gesture, “I haven’t seen a human in this world for many centuries and it appears my manners have suddenly failed me.”
He stepped closer and reached out to her as if he wanted to shake her hand. Alex dared a look at him but forced her eyes to remain on his face. She took a small step back and felt the waters of the lake licking at her heels.
“Are you a demon?” she asked, not knowing what else to say. It didn’t really matter, she was just happy that he wasn’t trying to kidnap and rape her.
“Of course not,” he said with a laugh, dropping his hand back to his side. “Are you not familiar with my kind, human?”
“I’m not familiar with anything around here,” Alex said, still trying to block out his body from the neck down. A heavy blush traveled down her cheeks and stained her neck red.
“Then allow me to introduce myself,” he said with as he bent over at the waist and made a little flourish with his hand. His nudeness make the gesture seem terribly absurd. “I am the Dragon King Azi.”
“Dragon? You’re a dragon?”
“A dragon king,” Azi said, puffing his chest out as he straightened from his bow. “And who are you, little human?”
“I’m…” Alex hesitated.  She could just imagine Balthazar chastising her for being stupid enough to converse with a naked dragon king. She momentarily thought it was odd that he was being so nice to her. That was something that apparently didn’t happen around here. 
“There’s no need to be shy,” Azi said.  “I assure you, I mean you no harm.”
“Alex,” she said, still trying not to let her eyes skim down his body. “My name is Alexandra.”
“It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Alexandra,” Azi said with a smile, still apparently unaware of his naked state.
Alexandra’s stomach decided to interrupt the conversation, grumbling loudly as it reminded her that it had been a full day since she’d had anything to eat.
“Come,” Azi said, stepping closer to Alex with a smile that seemed kind. “You sound hungry. I’ll have a meal prepared for us.”
“I don’t know,” Alex said, her head swiveling around as she tried to remember which way she had come to get to the lake. Panic started to rise as she realized that she had no idea how she had come here, or even how far she was from Balthazar. She weighed her options. She could try to run from Azi, though she doubted she would get very far, and that would likely only make her situation worse. Or, she could pretend to go along with this dragon, buy herself some time, and trust that Balthazar would follow her scent and save her before it was too late.
“I don’t bite,” Azi said, cocking his head to the side as his eyes twinkled in amusement. “I promise.”
She knew that Balthazar would probably have some choice words for her that included stupid or naïve, but she decided it was the better of her two options. She just hoped he would wake up soon and realize that she had gone missing before she had time to regret this decision.
“Only if you put some clothes on,” Alex said, holding a hand out to stop him from coming closer. The dragon king knocked his head back and belted out a laugh that shook his whole body.
“Yes, of course,” he said, looking down at himself as if she had just reminded him that he was naked. “I forget that your kind is rather bashful at times. My apologies. I was going for a swim and well, clothes can sort of hinder that kind of thing.”
He winked at Alex with a wide smile, and although she knew it was meant to be kind and make her relax, it did exactly the opposite. 

31


Alex followed King Azi around to the other side of the lake where a dwarfish waterfall fed into it. As the Dragon King raised his hand the waters parted down the middle to reveal the top of a worn-smooth stone staircase. He turned to Alex and motioned for her to enter before him with a friendly smile. After just a moment of hesitation she stepped past the parted curtain of water and into a candle lit staircase that wound into the bedrock underneath the lake. King Azi stepped inside after her and the waterfall closed behind him to hide the entrance to his underwater palace.
Without a word he led her down the long staircase. The further they went, the colder and more stagnant the air became. Alex was trying her best to push all her panic aside and concentrate on putting one foot in front of the other. When she though her legs were going to give out from going down too many stairs, they came to a landing that stretched into a wide hallway. She didn't know how the dragon could stand to live in such confinement. There were no windows in this place and the air was so stale it was nearly unbearable. Azi came to a stop just outside a chamber with a bubbling hot spring in the middle of the rock floor. It filled the room with fog and heat that spilled out from the doorless entry and into the hall. There was a young girl with solid black eyes standing beside the hot spring who bowed as Azi entered with Alex in tow. She had raven black hair, just like Azi, and her's too was braided all the way down her back. She was dressed, much to Alex's relief, in a simple wrap style dress that left her shoulders bare.
“Refresh yourself,” Azi said, motioning to the hot spring. “When you're clean, Shiri will show you to the dining hall.”
Shiri bowed again to Azi as he turned to leave the room. When he was gone, she turned to Alex with a kind smile. Her eyes lit up, sparkling like two big black marbles and some of the rigidity faded from her shoulders. 
“It's truly a pleasure to meet a human,” Shiri said, rushing the couple steps between them to scoop up her hands. Rather than feeling frightened, Alex found herself relaxing into the dragoness' grip. 
“It’s nice to meet you too,” Alex said, warily returning her smile.
“May I take your robes?” Shiri asked. Before Alex could even answer, Shiri had grabbed hold of one end of the belt that held the robe to her body and began to tug on it.
“No,” Alex said, grabbing her hands and pulling them away to protect her modesty. “That’s ok. I can do it myself, if I could just have some privacy.”
“Oh, no,” Shiri said, her smile fading in an instant as worry ran across her face. She shook her head sharply. “Lord Azi would not be very happy if I left you alone.”
“Of course,” Alex said with a sigh. She turned away towards the hot spring so that her back was to Shiri and untied the dirt and blood caked belt of her robe. The garment slid off her shoulders and landed in a pile on the floor as Alex tried to rush into the water before too much of her was exposed to the dragoness' view. Shiri walked to the edge of the spring and picked up the robe between her thumb and forefinger. Her nose scrunched up and she tossed it onto a fire brazier on the other side of the room. Alex wanted to groan. What was it with people around here burning her clothes? Honestly, they could have just been cleaned.
“Those were the only clothes I had,” Alex lamented, her eyes staring longingly into the fire as she worried that Azi would expect her to adopt his custom of nakedness.
“No worries,” Shiri said with a smile that lit her eyes, “Lord Azi has already prepared clothing for you. It will be more fitting for your station than those garments.”
Shiri motioned to the fire that was consuming her clothes with a wave of her hand. Alex didn't even want to know how the dragon king had had time to prepare anything, seeing as she had only just met him moments ago. She shrugged it off as another one of those annoying mysteries about this world and decided to relax into her bath. At least when Balthazar came for her, he couldn't make a snide comment about how much she stank.
The water was the perfect heat and the bubbling of it soothed her sore muscles. She could have stayed in it all day, but her stomach was grumbling and she had quite the appetite. Shiri shook out a length of shimmering golden fabric and held it up for her to step into as she exited the water. The fabric was unlike anything Alex had ever felt before, as thin and airy as rice paper and softer than Devasi silk. Shiri wrapped the length of material around Alex and into a skillfully designed dress. She pinned the corner to the rest of the fabric with a gold and ruby clip that held everything in place.
“Lord Azi picked this out for you personally,” Shiri said, as she stepped back to examine her work with pride. “I must admit, it is one of my favorites as well.”
“I'm surprised he even has clothes,” Alex mumbled, more to herself than to Shiri.
“Well, dragons do prefer to do without them,” Shiri said with a giggle and a nonchalant shrug of her shoulders.
“Uh huh,” Alex said. She motioned to the fabric that was wrapped around Shiri. “And you...?”
“Yes, me too,” Shiri said, her jingling laughter echoing off the rock walls. She caught herself when she noticed the blush on Alexandra's cheeks. “Oh, but don't worry. Lord Azi has ordered all the palace to dress while you're visiting.”
“That’s good to know,” Alex said. She looked at Shiri thoughtfully as she considered her situation. “Can I ask you something Shiri?”
“Of course, you can ask me anything,” Shiri said, her shoulders bouncing up and down as she clasped her hands in front of her. 
“Why all this trouble?” Alex said, waving her hands around her. After everything she'd been through and every creature that she'd met in this strange world, she had learned to be very leery of their intentions. They all seemed to want her for one reason or another and maybe Azi was just trying to butter her up for something. “I mean why go through all this for me?”
“Because your a human, silly,” Shiri said cocking her head to the side with an overly sweet smile. She giggled a little and Alex felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. “Come on, I'll show you to the dining hall.”



“I trust you enjoyed your bath,” Azi said as Alex sat at the table across from him. There wasn't much distance between them, and the dining hall was little more than a breakfast nook sized room. The ceiling was low hanging and the only furniture was a table with eight chairs around it, but it somehow managed to look rich nonetheless.
“Yes,” Alex said. She folded her hands in her lap and forced herself to wait before attacking the food that was set in front of her by another dragon servant.
“Shiri can be talkative sometimes,” Azi said, his voice dipping low as he cocked an eyebrow. “I hope she didn't bore you with her stories.”
“No, not at all,” Alex said, shaking her head. Shiri had been nothing but kind to her and she really didn't want her to get into any trouble. Something about the way she tensed up when she was near Azi didn't sit well with Alex.
“Good,” Azi said. A servant set a plate of food in front of him and he waved a hand dismissing him from the room. When they were alone he gestured to her plate. “Please, eat.”
Alex didn't need any further prodding. She dug into the food with enthusiasm, forcing herself not to groan in pleasure at the deliciousness that assaulted her taste buds. The plates of food kept coming, one after another as she nearly licked them clean. They were a myriad of different seafood dishes, though she couldn't tell exactly what type of seafood it was. She only recognized the shape of a fish and the shells of some kind of shellfish as she shoveled food into her mouth. Azi sat across from her with a bemused expression on his face as he tenderly picked at his plate and watched her make a glutton of herself.
“Tell me, Alexandra,” he said, when she looked to finally be slowing down. “How is it you've come to this world?”
“I don’t really know,” Alex said, wiping at her lips with a napkin. She forced herself to pull away from her plate. “I'm trying to get back to mine, actually.”
Alex suddenly thought of Balthazar sleeping in the woods, trying to heal himself while she was off relaxing in hot springs and gorging herself on delicious seafood. He would probably be terribly worried about her when he woke, if he hadn't already. Would he be able to find her all the way down here? She sat up taller and fidgeted a little in her chair.
“What is it?” Azi asked, noticing her sudden change in demeanor. His black eyes focused on her intently, but there was genuine concern on his face. 
“Well, I had someone else with me,” Alex said. Her eyes lifted to the stone ceiling above her as if she could somehow see through it to the lake up above them. “Balthazar.”
“Balthazar?” he echoed, leaning in. Alex thought she saw recognition flash across his face, but it was gone almost as soon as she had noticed it.
“Yeah,” Alex said. “He was asleep, trying to heal himself. I really should get back to him before he wakes up and finds me gone.”
“This Balthazar is a demon I presume?” Azi said. He leaned back in his chair and rapped his fingers on the wooden arm.
“Yeah,” Alex said, swallowing thickly as she noticed the sudden shift in his demeanor. He was trying to hide it, but Alex could see he was annoyed. This could be even worse than she thought. Maybe she shouldn't have said anything. Balthazar was all alone, sleeping, and injured. “He's a demon prince,” she said, trying to make him sound more threatening. Of course, she realized that she had already divulged that he was sleeping and injured.
“From Devas?” Azi asked. His voice was thick and dripped from his lips like honey as he cocked a black eyebrow at Alex.
“How did you know?”
“Don't worry yourself with him,” Azi said. He reached out and patted the top of her hand. The gesture was meant to be calming, but the look that had crept into his eyes was anything but comforting. “I'll ensure that he is informed of your whereabouts. You look tired. Perhaps you should rest. Shiri will show you to a guest room.”
Shiri entered the room as soon as her name left his lips. Alex wanted to say no. She wanted to stay and find out what exactly he was going to do to Balthazar, but she couldn't help the sudden exhaustion that had overcome her. She tried to fight it, but the more she struggled to keep her eyelids up, the more they threatened to fall shut.
“Come,” Shiri said, holding a hand out to her. Alex looked up into her smiling face, and in spite of herself, she found her hand reaching out for Shiri. There was an odd fog that hung around her and made it hard for her to think. Suddenly, all she wanted was to sleep. She couldn't even remember what exactly she had been talking about that had her so worried. Shiri led her down another dark, cramped hallway and into a bedroom that was small but luxurious. There was a bed in the middle of the room that looked like it was carved from thick shoots of coral and was wrapped in the same soft, thin material as her outfit. It wasn't long after sinking into the comfort of the bed that sleep overtook her consciousness.

32


Alex yawned lazily as she sat up in the bed and stretched her arms above her head. She looked around the room and saw Shiri sitting in a chair on the other side of the bed. Her black eyes were trained on Alex and she had a polite smile on her lips as her hands rested in her lap. Alex knew she should feel uncomfortable with Shiri just sitting there watching her sleep, but she couldn’t seem to care about anything right now. She just felt so damn good.
“I feel amazing,” she said with a lopsided smile. “I don’t think I’ve ever slept that good.”
“You’re finally awake,” Shiri said, standing up and walking over to the bed. Her eyes popped with delight and there was a little bounce in her step. She rested her hands on the bed and leaned over so that her face was only inches from Alex’s. “I’ve never seen someone sleep so much.”
“How long have I been asleep?” Alex asked, scratching absently behind her ear. She knew she was supposed to be concerned about something, but she just couldn’t for the life of her imagine what the hell it could be. 
“Most of the day and the entire night,” Shiri said, her head cocking to the side. “I was worried, but Lord Azi assured me that it’s normal for a human. Does your kind truly sleep that long?”
“Sometimes we do,” Alex said with a smile at Shiri’s excitement. “If we’re really tired.”
“So odd,” Shiri said, shaking her head. She straightened off the bed and looked down at Alex as she held out her hand. “Come now, I’ll show you to Lord Azi. He’s been anxious for you to wake.”
Alex took her hand and slid out of the bed. She followed Shiri into the hall where the sound of soft music greeted her ears. The vibrating strum and twang of a stringed instrument rang through the rock walls of the palace. The melody was so beautiful that Alex felt absolutely entranced. It became louder and louder until they stopped at a pair of doors that looked like they had been forged of solid gold. With a push that seemed too easy for how heavy the doors looked, Shiri opened them. The Dragon King sat in the middle of a large bedroom that was luxuriously decorated with furniture carved to resemble tangles of coral and seaweed. He sat on a high-backed chair and his black claws plucked the thin white strings of a golden harp. When he strummed the last cord Alex applauded the performance with a wide smile. Azi stood and gave an exaggerated bow, then motioned for Alex to have a seat in one of the sofa’s that made up a seating area on one side of his room. He sat down right next to her and studied her face for a moment.
“How is it you’ve found yourself acquainted with a demon,” he said finally as he relaxed a little into the cushions on the couch. Alex noted with some discomfort the disdain in his voice when he said the word demon. It was right then that a flood of memories came rushing at her, almost as if she’d been under a spell that was finally lifted. She felt guilty for forgetting about Balthazar. 
“He found me,” Alex said, “when I woke up here. He’s going to help me get back home.”
“Is that what you desire, Alexandra?” Azi asked, leaning in closer. He threw his arm around the back of the couch so that it was almost wrapped around her shoulders.
“Well, yeah,” Alex said, her eyes softening as they drifted to the floor. “I miss my friends. I know they’re probably worried sick about me.”
“And the demon, this Balthazar, has said he’ll send you home?” he asked.
“There are strings attached of course,” Alex said, “but yeah.”
“Ah,” Azi sat back a little from her and lifted a finger in the air. There was something akin to disgust in his voice as he spoke. “So there is something of yours the demon wants.”
“He thinks I can help him,” Alex said with a shrug, “ and I promised I would try in any way I could.”
“Why would you promise him such a thing?” Azi asked. His hand dropped into his lap. There was absolute astonishment in his eyes as he watched Alex, waiting for her response.
“Well,” Alex nibbled on her lip, trying to think of a reason that didn’t include the simple fact that she had become rather fond of him. She couldn’t really think of a solid reason to tell Azi, aside of course for the possibility that he’d help her get home. “I think he needs help, even though he doesn’t want to say it. And he promised to help me get back home, so I owe him my help.”
“Humans,” Azi said with a bemused look in his eyes. “I’m sorry to inform you, the demon is incapable of sending you back where you came from.”
“How do you know that?”  Alex asked, her face falling as her heart dropped into her stomach. She sat up straighter on the couch. “He said he could.”
“Yes, I’m sure he did,” Azi said with a wave of his hand, “Demons will say anything to get what they want.”
“Are you saying I’m not going to be able to get back home?” Alex asked, her voice rising sharply.
“I didn’t say that,” Azi said with a smile as he leaned over and placed a hand on top of hers. “In fact, I would like to render my services to you in just such an endeavor.”
“You would do that?” Alex asked, looking from their coupled hands up to his black eyes. “You can do that?”
“It’s not a simple task,” Azi said, “ though for someone of my station, it is do-able. And I am rather inclined to help you.”
“Thank you,” Alex said. Her hand began to itch under his touch and she wanted to pull away, but she resisted the urge. If he really could send her home, she didn’t want to jeopardize anything by offending him. “But…why would you help me?”
“I’ve always had an affinity for your kind,” he said as he held his hands out wide. Alex was thankful that his skin no longer touched hers. “And this world is not the place for you to be.”
“That’s great,” Alex said. Her lips spread into a wide smile. “I’ll help Balthazar, and then I can go back home.”
“The demon,” Azi said, his eyes darkening suddenly with his mood. “Why would you help it? I have freed you of your need for its help.”
“Because, I..,” Alex narrowed her eyes. She had caught the way Azi called Balthazar ‘it’ instead of him and she didn’t like it. “I promised him.”
“Come with me,” Azi said, standing abruptly. He stalked from the room with his shoulders tense. Alex followed him through a couple empty hallways until they came to a narrow wooden door. Azi opened the door and Alexandra’s heart sank like a stone in the lake that sat above them. 
Balthazar was beaten and bloody, chained by the neck to the stone wall behind him. His wounds, once almost healed, were reopened and bleeding badly. His shoulders slumped forward and his breathing was labored. He shook his head, as if trying to clear a fog from his mind and looked up. When he saw Alex he tried to stand, but his knees buckled and he fell back to the ground with a weak growl echoing in his chest. The breath stuck in Alexandra’s throat.
“What have you done to him?” Alex cried as she rushed passed the Azi to Balthazar’s side. Her fingers prodded the collar around his neck as she tried to find a latch that would remove it. It hurt to see Balthazar so broken and subdued. It just wasn’t him. 
“It’s a demon. It’s exactly where it belongs,” Azi said casually, as if he had just commented on the weather.
“You stupid little girl,” Balthazar growled. He lashed out at her and she had to jump back before his claws ripped through her torso. The whites of his eyes had clouded over to a chilling blood red and he barred his fangs at her and snapped violently at empty air.
“Do you see?” Azi said, waving a hand at Balthazar. “The true nature of the demon is showing itself. Its a beast, lurking beneath a pathetic excuse for a Lord.”
Balthazar crumpled forward, held up only by the chains on his wrists. His chest rumbled weakly and it tore at the strings of Alex’s heart. She couldn’t stand to see him like this anymore. He was struggling so hard to be strong, but he was so weak with his injuries. 
“Please,” Alex pleaded, looking from Balthazar to Azi. There was a burning hatred in his eyes that made Alex want to shiver. “Please, let him go.”
Azi looked as if she had slapped him in the face. 
“Why do you defend this creature?” he asked, his eyes searching her for understanding. He had expected her to be thankful, not ask to let the demon go.
“He doesn’t deserve to be treated like this,” Alex said, tears threatening to fall down her cheeks as she watched Balthazar struggle helplessly against the pain of his injuries. His wounds were terrible, but there was something else bothering him. Alex didn’t know what it was, but she just knew there was some unseen force continuing to harm him and she knew it was coming from Azi.
“I’ll make you a deal, Alexandra,” Azi said, his voice losing any kindness it once held. He crossed his arms over his broad chest. “I’ll allow this demon to live, but I’ll no longer offer you my assistance.”
“Done,” Alex said, without hesitation. She didn’t want help from someone that would do this to Balthazar. She wished more than anything that she could stare daggers cause she’d be visually throwing them right at Azi. 
“This is the only chance you’ll have to get home,” Azi said, narrowing his eyes at her. “It takes a great deal of magic to send someone over the threshold of the worlds, and that’s not something the demon can provide you.”
“I don’t care,” Alex said sharply. She looked at Balthazar and felt a stab of guilt, realizing it was her blabbermouth that had gotten him in this predicament.
“Just let him go,” she said softly, “Please. Let us both go.”
“You’ll never get home,” Azi said, his brows pulling together. He just couldn’t seem to fathom that Alex would choose Balthazar over going home. She would have thought that she would give anything to get home, but there was definitely a line, and the feelings she had developed for Balthazar wouldn’t allow her to leave him behind like this.
“I will,” Alex said mostly to herself as she watched Balthazar struggling for each breath. “I trust him. He’ll find me a way.”
“Your trust is misplaced,” Azi said. He looked like he was pouting. His face had a sour look plastered on it and he turned away from Alex. “But very well.”
He snapped his fingers and the chain around Balthazar’s neck disappeared in a small puff of blue smoke. He struggled to stand as a growl grew in his badly wounded chest. He lumbered after Azi with rage in his crimson eyes.
“Don’t challenge me demon,” Azi warned, puffing out his chest. Balthazar stopped dead in his tracks as if held by an invisible force. Alex noticed the bloodied whites of his eyes returning to normal. “Even if you were fully healed and rested you could not best me and we both know it. You can thank the human for your pathetic life, but if I come across you again I’ll not be so lenient.”
The walls of Azi’s majestic rock palace began to wobble and lose their shape. The floor beneath Alexandra’s feet slowly turned to a puddle of water. Before she could register what was happening, walls of water came crashing down around them. She clamped her eyes shut and braced for the moment of impact, but it never came. As her eyes opened, she could see that her and Balthazar were encapsulated in an air bubble. Fish and other sea life flashed by them as the bubble made its way to the surface of the lake. The bubble emerged from the water and settled them safely on the shore. 
The surface of the water began to ripple. With a rush of wind and tide a blue-scaled serpentine dragon erupted from the middle of the lake and hovered in the air above it. His body covered the lake in shadows. It was the Dragon King in his true form and he was absolutely terrifying.
Alex could see the same black eyes that had for a brief moment been so kind to her. They focused on her as the long, narrow body of the dragon writhed above the lake surface, untangling itself and finally landing part way on the shore next to them. His eyes remained locked on Alex as a slender paw reached beneath his arm. A split second of pain flashed across the dragon’s face, and in a rush of misty wind Azi was once more in humanoid form. He held a pearlescent white scale in his hand and his eyes finally turned from Alex to Balthazar.
“I believe you needed this,” he said, holding his prized underscale out for Alex to take. Alex looked at him with confusion. Balthazar had told her the things that they were after, but she never mentioned those to Azi.
“I’m a dragon,” Azi said condescendingly, as his eyes flashed onto Alex for just a moment before he focused on Balthazar again. “I know many things that don’t need to be told to me. If this is what you think you need, then take it.”
Alex reached out with a shaky hand and grabbed the scale from Azi. It was about the size of a dinner plate, but it felt as light as air and as soft as silk, but at the same time it felt as solid as titanium. Alex clutched the item to her chest. In a rush of wind and blue smoke, the dragon was gone and she was left alone on the shore with a badly injured Balthazar. 
He stumbled backward for a bit, shaking his head as if he was just now waking from a hazy dream. His eyes focused on Alex for just a moment before he crumpled to the ground. Alex rushed to him and tried in vain to catch him. Even if she had gotten to him in time, she didn’t have the strength to hold him up. The best she could do was scoop his head up into her lap as she rested her back against a tree. She smoothed the hair away from his handsome face and looked him over with a heavy heart. There was nothing she could do but wait and hope for him to heal. She forced herself to stay awake for as long as she possibly could to watch over him, but eventually she succumbed to sleep with a desperate wish in her mind that Balthazar would be alright when she woke. 

33


Balthazar woke to the afternoon sunlight in his eyes. As he cracked them open, the first thing he noticed was Alexandra's face hovering above him. His head was resting in her lap and she was sleeping, though she had the most adorable scowl marring her beautiful little face. He could tell she was troubled about something. Could it be his condition? He realized then how good he felt. He picked his head up and looked down at the rest of his body. There wasn't a single scratch on him. It simply wasn't possible. The Dragon King had put him in such bad shape that his beast had come out. He wanted to cringe as he thought about it. There wasn't much that he could remember, the beast had clouded his mind, but he very distinctly recalled lashing out at Alexandra. He could remember how she smelled to his beast. 
Normally, her scent was incredibly enticing, but in his more basic state she was absolutely irresistible. He'd been fighting with everything he had to put the thing back in his mental cage, but there was no use. With so many injuries and the Dragon King's magical influence, the beast had easily taken control. He didn't know how it was pushed back, and he didn't understand how Alexandra could ever want to be near him again after she'd seen that side of him. He also didn't know how he had healed so fast. It couldn't have been more than a couple hours that he'd been asleep. Those types of injuries would have taken him days, maybe even a full week to heal. 
He noticed that Alexandra was clutching the shiny white underscale of the Dragon King. Was it possible that she had healed him? Salaman had told him that being near other magic would naturally bring out her abilities, but even still, to be able to heal him so completely in such a short amount of time was unfathomable. Arastoo was considered to be very well adept at magic, but his healing abilities were nothing more than a glorified parlor trick compared to this. The Dragon King certainly had the ability to heal him, but not the inclination.
Balthazar rested his head back in Alexandra's lap. He knew he shouldn't, but he wanted to relish this peaceful moment with her. The wind blew softly and picked up a strand of her black hair. It drifted across her nose and caused her to grimace as it tickled her in her sleep. Balthazar lifted his hand to brush it out of her face and tuck it gently behind her ear. When he did, her eyes popped open and she looked down at him with a startled jump.
“Balthazar,” she gasped, her eyes growing large as she scanned his body. She shifted a little and Balthazar sat up from her lap. He knew the moment was over and he knew that he had to put some serious distance between himself and her, or he would do something that he would seriously regret. “Are you alright? I've been so....your injuries...they're all gone...”
She continued to stare at him with wide-eyed amazement that stuck Balthazar right in the chest. The concern was plastered all over her face as she reached out for him, as if she needed to touch him to believe that he was healed. He grabbed her hands before they could reach his torso and forced his face to be hard. 
“Silence, girl,” Balthazar said, dropping her hands. “You're more trouble than you're worth.”
He stood from the ground and brushed himself off. He didn't want to be so cruel to the girl, but he knew he had to. He could see the way she looked at him. He could smell her almost constant arousal around him. It was just too much for him to handle. He'd never felt this way about a female before, and he'd never wanted to. It only made his life more complicated. He'd push her away and even though it would hurt him to do so, they'd both be better off for it. 
“Well maybe if you clued me in a little more instead of just telling me to be silent all the time,” she said with a huff as she stood up, “then maybe things like this wouldn’t happen.”
“Be silent,” he said, turning away from her and stalking off away from the lake. He wanted to put as much distance between himself and the dragons as possible, as quickly as possible. 
“I'm sorry,” Alex said. She had mumbled the words but Balthazar easily heard her. He stopped in his tracks and turned around to face her. She had a sullen look on her face and her shoulders were slumped slightly. He really didn't want to go down this route with her.
“Let's just go,” he said, gritting his teeth against the agony in his heart that she was causing. He turned away and barely got another step before she spoke up again. Of course, she wasn't going to make anything easy for him. 
“Where are we going? Shouldn't you rest? You were hurt really badly,” she said. She placed her balled up fists on her hips and looked at him with a scowl. Balthazar wanted to blink in astonishment. This girl flitted through moods quicker than anyone he'd ever met. One minute she was apologizing to him, the next she was practically scolding him. He just continued to walk and hoped that she would start following after him. He wanted to get to the closest village before sunset.
“Hey! Answer my question,” Alex shouted after him as she stomped her foot, “or I’m not going anywhere. And how the heck are you healed already? That's crazy fast.”
“A hot spring,” Balthazar said with a sigh as he turned around again to face her. He was quickly losing any patience he had for her. “And I don't know.”
“A hot spring?” Alex asked. She dropped her hands from her hips and her shoulders slumped in the cutest way as her brows scrunched together. “You don't know?”
“Yes,” Balthazar said, using his demonic speed to suddenly appear just inches before Alex. He just couldn't resist with the way she was looking at him. His hand wrapped around to the small of her back and pulled her body into his. 
Alex sucked in a sharp breath as a hot tickle erupted in her abdomen. She couldn't think anymore and she forgot the questions she was awaiting answers to. Her hands flew to the massive shoulders that hovered on either side of her as she struggled to keep her knees from buckling. She gazed up into his burning charcoal blue eyes and everything else just floated away. 
As Balthazar expected, her body responded in the most delicious way to his touch. A thick wave of heavy arousal lifted to his sensitive nose. An imperceptible smirk washed over his face as he tucked his nose into the crook of her neck. He inhaled deeply and was rewarded with a noticeable increase in her already intense arousal.
“We're going to a hot spring, Alexandra” he mumbled, enjoying the way her name on his lips caused her to shiver in his arms. He pulled away to look at her flushed face. He wanted to capture every emotion that flooded over her and save them for the moments when his life became too much. “Because you're in need of a bath, and the stench is offending my delicate senses.”
“How dare you!” she shrieked at him as he dropped his arms from around her waist and turned away. By everything that was good in life, she was so much fun to mess with. It was just too easy to bait her, and her reactions were priceless. “You’re dirtier than me.”
Balthazar couldn't stop the smirk from spreading on his lips as she huffed and mumbled about how frustrating and mean he was as she trudged after him. She may have been offended by his comment, but it certainly worked to keep her quiet as they made their way across the Devasi countryside. They made much better time than he had been expecting and when they rounded the hilltop that overlooked a little village the sun was still high in the sky.
“I thought you said we were going to a hot spring,” Alex said as she stepped up beside him with a light pant on her lips. She was still sour from his insult earlier and she had decided that she wouldn't say a word to him until they arrived. Of course, she realized that was probably what he wanted, but still. After a good three hours of hiking, she was loath to admit it, but now she really did need a bath.
“This is a province in my kingdom. You'll be hard pressed to get into any real trouble here,” Balthazar said as he turned to look at her. His eyes narrowed on her for just a moment. There wasn't hatred or anger or disgust in his eyes. Alex could see he was trying to annoy her, and it was working like a charm.
As they approached the village, Alex noticed a sweet smell lingering in the air around it. The houses were small, with white washed stucco walls and thatched roofs. A pounded dirt road ran through the middle of the town, lined with well maintained gardens on either side that preceded all the houses. The whole scene was rather quaint and Alex found she liked this place. It had a sort of easy peace about it that only came with a quiet country life.
Alex followed closely beside Balthazar as they wound their way through the streets of the village. She could feel the uneasy stares of all the demons on them as they passed by. Many of them began to follow the pair into the city square, where a silver-eyed demon stepped out from the crowd and stopped them in their tracks. Alex looked up at Balthazar and saw a slight scowl on his face.
“That's quite an interesting creature you’ve got there,” the demon said, his eyes flicking from Alex to Balthazar.
“You have no idea,” Balthazar said, giving Alex a sidelong glance.
The tension that hung in the air was palpable as Balthazar stared down the other demon. Alex took a step closer to him, unsure of what to expect. Then she noticed a smile spreading across Balthazar's face. 
“Temel,” he said, “It's been quite some time.”
“Far too much time for my liking, Prince Balthazar,” Temel replied, a smile crossing his face as well.
A murmur ran through the crowd of demons when they heard Temel say his name. They'd all heard it before, of course, but had never seen their crown prince in person. When they realized who he was they all immediately dropped to their knees and bowed before him.
“Something tells me you aren’t here for a friendly visit,” Temel said glancing over at Alex. He gestured for them to follow him. “Come, my home is just up this way. If I know my prince at all, he'd like a meal and a hot bath.”

34


Temel led them to a modest house at the edge of the village. There were a handful of rooms in the house, and they were all comfortably furnished, but they lacked the grandeur of the places Alex had been staying in of late. It didn't matter to Alex though. She was happy to see the way the real people of Devas lived. It felt more like what she was used to.
“Would you like to clean up?” Temel asked, turning to Alex as he led her and Balthazar into a sitting room. He motioned to a door to the right of him. “I'm sure it's not as nice as the baths at the palace, but I have a private hot spring that's the envy of the entire village.”
Alex looked at Balthazar who gave her an expectant look that she wanted to punch off his face. He quirked an eyebrow at her and she arched one right back. They stared each other down for a short moment before Alex finally gave in.
“Sure,” she mumbled, looking away from him with chagrin. She shuffled over to the door Temel had indicated and could feel the steam coming from the room before she even entered it.
“There should be some clothing in there of my mate's that will fit you,” Temel said as he and Balthazar settled themselves on cushions that were laid out on either side of a low square table. Alex mumbled a quick thanks and closed the door behind her.
“What is she?” Temel asked, turning to Balthazar once she had left the room. “She smells incredible.”
“Tell me about it,” Balthazar said with a grumble. “She's a human.”
There were only two people in the entire kingdom that Balthazar felt like he could actually be himself around. Two people that he knew he could always confide in. Tavi was one, and Temel was the other. Temel was in the same training platoon as both Balthazar and Tavi when they were boys. Every demon boy was expected to complete basic military training, and even a crown prince was not exempt.  Things had been so different back then though, before the weight of responsibility settled on his shoulders. He could actually make friends and be sort of normal. Temel was one of the few that had survived the growth into adolescence. 
“No,” Temel said, slamming his hand on the table as his eyes grew wide. “Really? A human?”
“Yes, really,” Balthazar said with a slow nod. 
“How the hell do you control yourself around a thing like that? I see the way she looks at you,” Temel said with a sly smile. He pointed his finger at Balthazar. “That's some massive control you've got there, my friend. I don't think she'd remain a girl for longer than a day in my company.”
“I'm sure she wouldn't,” Balthazar said with a little laugh. “Its not fucking easy, I'll tell you that much.”
“I bet,” Temel said. “All that residual arousal in her scent. You must have a serious case of blue balls.”
“You have no idea,” Balthazar said, gritting his teeth and shifting in his seat. Blue balls didn't even come close to describing the feelings he had when it came to Alexandra.
“She's done something to you,” Temel said, narrowing his eyes a little as he looked over his friend. “I think I like it.”
“I wish I could say the same,” Balthazar said. He looked down at his lap and shook his head.
“So, why have you come to my humble little village?” Temel said, sensing the remorse in his friend and wanting to change the conversation. “I know its not to just show off your little human friend.”
“Frankly,” Balthazar said, letting out a heavy sigh. “My kingdom is falling apart and I don't have the power to keep it together.”
“I've heard news of the uprising with Baal and Hasan,” Temel said. He didn't seem at all surprised about what Balthazar had just said. “Surely you'll be able to--”
“It is not Baal that worries me. He's no longer much of a threat,” Balthazar said. He picked at a splinter on the table. “Apparently there are many that would see me following quickly in my father’s steps.”
“And you'll stop them all, just like you did with Baal. I have no doubt,” Temel said, but looking at Balthazar he did have doubt. In all the time Temel had known him, he never knew Balthazar to worry about anything. Now he could see the concern in his royal ashen blue eyes. 
“Lord Krishna will declare war. Probably soon,” Balthazar said. “I don't have the power to fight him.”
“The other Great Lords won't stand by and let that happen,” Temel said, shaking his head. Balthazar could see the concern growing on his face too.
“They will,” Balthazar said darkly, “because they want to crush us just as much, if not more.”
“But why would Lord Krishna attack us? It doesn't make sense. What grounds does he have for war?” Temel asked, his brows pulling together.
Balthazar was silent for a moment. He didn’t want to answer. He knew that he could stop it by mating the Asuri princess, but to do that would also be conceding defeat and that was something he wasn't willing to do. 
“He wants an alliance between our houses,” Balthazar said, “His daughter to be my mate and Sultana.”
“And you don't want that,” Temel said. It wasn't a question. He knew that Balthazar would never take an Asuri to be his mate, much less his Sultana. The Sultana would bear the first born, and crown prince, of the kingdom. He would reign after Balthazar was gone, and he would be half Asuri. His loyalty to Devas would always be in question. Lord Krishna was trying to gain control of the Devas through diplomatic means. If that failed, then he'd do it through warfare.
“Why would he ever think you would mate his daughter?” Temel asked.
“It was my father’s last act,” Balthazar said, sadness filling his eyes for a split second at the memory of his father and their last conversation together. “He agreed to the union. There's nothing I can do but renege, which is more than enough grounds to declare war.”
Temel sat for a long moment, digesting the information he had just received. It was troubling times in the Kingdom, and he did not envy the young prince for his position. 
“I'm glad to see you,” Temel said with a heavy sigh. He shrugged his shoulders helplessly. “But I don't know what assistance I can be to you.”
“Simiri,” Balthazar said. It was one name but it said alot to Temel. He shifted in his cushion and sat up straighter.
“Her ashes, to be exact,” Balthazar said, when his friend made no comment.
“She hasn’t been seen around the mines for nearly a century,” Temel said, shaking his head. It was a weak defense and they both knew it.
“I need her, Temel,” Balthazar said. He hated that he had to ask this of his friend. He knew how close he was to her, but there really was no other way.
“I don't know what to tell you,” Temel said, leaning away from the table. He spread his arms out wide. “You know how elusive she can—“
“You know what I need from you,” Balthazar said, his voice turning a bit more authoritative.
“I can't,” Temel said, shaking his head. He refused to look Balthazar in the eyes.
“I'll command you if I must,” Balthazar said. His voice lost some edge but the words were still harsh to say. He didn't want it to be this way, but he had no other choice. 
Temel sighed heavily and rose from the table. “You know she'll die?” Temel said, looking over his shoulder at Balthazar for just a moment. Balthazar met his gaze with as much stoicism as he could muster. He really didn't want to do this, but Salaman was clear on what he needed. Temel turned around and stalked to a back room of his house.

35


A moonless night visited the small demon town, and an impromptu celebration commenced in honor of the crown prince’s visit. Balthazar occupied the head of a table set up on a makeshift dais with Temel and his family. Temel’s eldest daughter, though still too young to be considered a woman, gazed longingly at him. Alexandra sat on the other side of her, eyes wide with excitement as she tried to take in everything around her.
“My daughter chooses wisely,” Temel said leaning over and nudging Balthazar in the side. Balthazar smirked at his friend’s enthusiasm, but the breath threatened to catch in his throat every time his eyes fell upon Alex. Her alabaster skin took on the glow of the lanterns that lit the town square and her green eyes were sparkling. She wore an ankle length gown of simple cloth that was provided by Temel’s wife. The sheer fabric allowed a glimpse of her well-formed but still slender curves to show through. The desire that flashed across Balthazar’s face could not possibly go unnoticed.
“Its hard not to look, my friend,” Temel said, patting his friend on the shoulder. “Stop trying not to. It’s a little too obvious.”
“I’m not—“ 
“Yes you are,” Temel said with a half-smile. “No one would blame you. I don’t why you’re fighting it.”
“It’s complicated,” Balthazar said, his back straightening as he forced his eyes away from Alex.
“No, it’s not,” Temel said. Balthazar’s excuses weren’t fooling him, nor anyone else.
“She’s a talkative, clumsy creature,” Balthazar grumbled, his eyes softening as Alex caught his gaze again. When she saw him looking, she smiled happily and waved at him. “And frustratingly troublesome. And the most disrespectful—“
“Hmmm…I can’t imagine you having any interest in her,” Temel said with a laugh. “So tell me, how is Tavi?”
“He’s the Lord Advisor of the Council,” Balthazar said, thankful to get off the subject of his feelings for Alexandra. Temel had always been one of those people that could see right through the mask that Balthazar tried to wear. It’s one of the reasons he respected him so much, and allowed him to speak so frankly with him.
“He was always destined for that position, but I don’t believe anyone would have thought it would be so soon,” Temel said, concern showing through in his eyes. “We were all devastated to hear of your father.”
Balthazar nodded an acknowledgement at the reference to his father. He still wasn’t comfortable talking about him. A pit of guilt formed in his stomach every time he did. Would things have somehow been different if they hadn’t fought? Balthazar knew they probably wouldn’t, but he still couldn’t stop the guilt that came with knowing that was how he said goodbye to his father. His eyes once again found Alex and peace settled over him. He knew what he had to do to save his kingdom, but things were becoming so complicated. The girl made him feel things he didn’t understand, and he didn’t want to understand. He knew what her reaction of what he was planning to do was going to be. He knew that before things were all said and done, she would probably hate him.



A pair of shimmering golden eyes watched the festivities of the town from the darkness that surrounded it. The townsdemons were celebrating the arrival of the crowned prince, a great honor for such a small and inconsequential village as theirs. But the golden eyes were not concerned with the demon prince. They landed on the unusual creature that seemed to be so comfortable with the demons that surrounded her. It was a human, Simiri had known it as soon as she had awoken. She thought they had long since vanished from this world, but to see a human again made her heart leap with joy, and she wanted to run out of the darkness and embrace this girl. When she first heard the call from Temel, her caretaker, she wanted to resist, but she knew she couldn’t, so she had left her well-hidden resting place to come and see what he needed assistance with. Now, she could see why he had called her. 
As a phoenix, Simiri would naturally go through different stages of metamorphosis. First, she was born as a young chick, from the ashes of her predecessor. A newborn phoenix was completely reliant on its chosen caregiver. Simiri had chosen Temel in her previous life. He had the insightful characteristics that she knew she would need in her younger life. Eventually she had grown into a bird roughly the size of an adult demon and she wasn’t so reliant on Temel. She happily flew through the countryside gifting wealth and good fortune to those she came into contact with. Now she was in the most powerful stage of her life, but it was also the saddest for it wouldn’t last very long. She had a bipedal form and by all accounts looked like any other demon, though she was vastly more powerful. She would only live long enough to find a caregiver for the phoenix that she would become when she rose again from her ashes. 
Simiri had intended to end her life completely after this cycle, never reawakening. The demons, although they often meant well, had become too dangerous to live amongst. When Simiri set her eyes upon the human girl, she had known that she would be the new caretaker. Now it was only a matter of waiting for the right opportunity to speak with her. She couldn’t show herself in front of the demons. They would try to capture her and use her for the luck that she provided. No, she would wait quietly in the shadows until she could get the human girl all alone. Then Simiri could end her life happily knowing that she would be reborn to a caretaker worthy of the title. 



All the demons of the village were eager to talk to Alexandra. They circled around her, jostling each other and trying to get closer to the mythical creature. An older demoness with graying red hair reached out a bony hand to push back Alexandra’s stark black hair and see her rounded ears that were so undemonly. Her cold fingers rubbed along the cartilage as she examined the appendage with awe. A demon boy poked at her with his little clawed finger and drew a drop of blood that made Alex jump back in shock. The demons around her mimicked her reaction, jumping back with startled gasps.
“Come eat with us,” the elder demoness said with authority in her voice. Her arm entangled with Alexandra’s before she could refuse and she pulled Alex away towards a table with several other lady demons. Her eyes shot to Balthazar, looking for some kind of assistance. He watched her for a moment while Temel said something to him, then his eyes moved slowly away from her. She was on her own. The demonesses at the table scooted over and made room for her to sit among them.
Alex settled into a worn cushion and eyed the many dishes that littered the old table. The smell was incredible and she licked at her lips in anticipation. 
The food was simple, and far from the delicacies offered in the Royal Palace, but it was delicious nonetheless. Alex was so lost in a plate of smoked meats and steamed greens that she didn’t notice the stares she was getting from the young males in the village. Balthazar noticed, however, and it was not sitting well with him. He was fighting the urge to fly across the small town square and tear one of the younger male’s throats out as he brazenly made his way towards her.
Alexandra licked her fingers clean of the sweet sauce that coated the smoked meat she was eating as the male took the empty cushion next to hers. He was young, with a fresh face and eyes that wandered to the crevice of Alexandra’s barely visible cleavage. When a sickly smile spread across his lips Alex followed his gaze and tried to shield her body. She stood from her cushion with a huff as she tried to put some distance between herself and the still gawking demon male. She didn’t even have the appetite to bring her food with her.
She’d had enough of all the attention and she really just needed a few moments alone, so she found herself a quiet spot in the darkness of a deserted side street and leaned against the stucco wall of a house. She let out a heavy sigh as her eyes trailed up to the sky.
“They can be trying,” a soft feminine voice in the darkness said.
Alexandra straightened and tried to see who the voice belonged to. A pair of golden eyes burned in the darkness. Her heart began to race, and she took a step back, looking around her. Perhaps it wasn’t such a good idea to wander off by herself.
“The demons,” Simiri said, stepping out of the darkness, “They can be trying at times, can they not?” Simiri flicked a lock of crimson hair behind her shoulder as she flashed Alex a smile.
“Who are you?” Alex asked, taking another cautious step back. “What do you want?”
“I’m Simiri,” she replied with a widening smile that showed off her pearly white fangs, “and I would very much like your assistance, dear little human.”
Alex took another step back but was stopped short by the wall at her back. She tried to look around the woman in front of her. She wondered how long it would take Balthazar to get here if she screamed. Would he even hear her if she did?
“I don’t have much time left,” Simiri continued, her eyes shining, “and I’m afraid I can no longer trust the demons.”
“What do you want from me?”
“I want you to be my caregiver,” Simiri said, her eyes lighting up as she stepped closer to Alex. She didn’t appear to be threatening, but Alex had learned she couldn’t be too cautious.
“Caregiver?” Alex asked, “What do you mean? I don’t know if—“
“Before I’m reduced to ashes,” Simiri said. Her crimson tinted lips curled upward “It can be only you.”
“The girl has no choice in the matter,” Balthazar said as he stepped out of the dark behind Simiri. Temel and several others followed, encircling Alex and the phoenix.
“Temel,” Simiri said, her brows pulling together in confusion. “What’s happening here?”
“I’m sorry Simiri,” Temel said, and his eyes full of sadness. “I have to do what I can for my kingdom. I didn’t want this for you.”
“You intend to contain my ashes,” Simiri said, her voice turning angry as the realization washed over her. He was her caregiver, and the last person she thought would betray her. She felt suddenly crippled. She wanted to run, flee from the group of demons that would capture her, but Temel’s caretaker influence was binding her from moving. It was a stinging betrayal.
“You can’t do this,” Simiri hissed at Balthazar, as he moved behind her. He grabbed her wrists and bound them with a small link chain Temel had given him earlier. It was forged with a fire produced of Simiri’s own feathers, something that Temel had been privileged to own because he was her caregiver. It was the only thing that had the power to restrain her through her fiery death.
“What are you doing?” Alex asked, turning to Balthazar for answers as she watched the scene playing out.
“You make good bait,” he said mockingly before turning to walk away. He didn’t want to see the hurt and confusion in her beautiful eyes. The discomfort he felt at seeing her upset concerned him but he knew this had to be done. There was no other way to get close to the phoenix. This would also help to put an end to the growing feelings between him and Alex. It simply had to be done whether he liked it or not.
“You used me as bait?” Alex asked, her fists balling at her side. Balthazar said nothing as he continued down the dimly lit street towards Temel’s house with the phoenix in tow. Simiri hissed and cawed as she was dragged along, hands bound behind her back.
“Why is she tied up?” Alex asked, her voice rising sharply as her anger grew. She caught up to Balthazar, grabbed his arm at the elbow and pulled him to face her.
“Answer me,” she shouted at him. “What the hell is going on?”
“Do not presume to give me orders,” Balthazar growled yanking his arm away from Alexandra. Her lips tightened as she drew a hand back. She’d had enough of him, of his haughty attitude. 
Balthazar saw it coming, and he certainly could have stopped it, but he didn’t want to. He was surprised at how much it actually hurt him, though. The sting of Alexandra’s feeble slap traveled from his cheek, down his neck and straight into his heart, constricting his chest in a strange way that he had never before experienced. He wrapped his clawed hand around her slender wrist and pulled her roughly into him. His voice was low as he spoke to her.
“I have tolerated you thus far,” he said, “but my patience has limits.”
Balthazar pushed her away from him and she stumbled back, falling to the ground with a thud. Her cheeks burned red hot as Balthazar glared down at her with nothing less than disgust in his eyes. His suddenly harsh treatment caught Alex of guard and she couldn’t stop the tears that began to spill over her eyelids. Balthazar turned away with the horrible salty smell of her tears swirling in his nostrils. It was almost too much for him, but he knew it was better to crush any feelings they had developed right now.
“Consider yourself lucky,” he said over his shoulder, even as he hated himself for doing so. “Most would lose their hands for daring to assault me in such a manner.”

36


Alex didn’t want to speak to Balthazar. She didn’t even want to be around him. She was so mad at him for what he did to Simiri. The phoenix had burst into flames shortly after they made it into Temel’s house and Balthazar had bottled up her ashes. Alex didn’t know her, but she knew that what he did was wrong, just based on the way the poor woman screeched and wailed while they had her tied up. More than being mad at him, she was just hurt. The way he had looked at her left no doubt in her mind how he felt about her. She hadn’t been able to look at him, much less speak to him the entire way back to the palace, and he hadn’t wanted to speak to her either. 
Now, he had summoned her to his office and that made her even angrier. He had the nerve to summon her after everything, as if he had every right in the world to do that. Maybe this was his kingdom, but she wasn’t one of his people. She had helped him and she fully intended to get him to help her now. It was time for her to go home and she intended to make him keep his promise to help her.
“So this is the human,” Salaman said, his eyes scanning Alex curiously. She sat across from Balthazar, her arms crossed over her chest and face turned away from him. “She seems like such a frail little thing.”
“She is,” Balthazar said. Alex could feel his eyes on her but she refused to look at him. She clenched her jaw to keep from saying anything.
Salaman reached across the desk and uncorked the glass bottle that held Simiri’s remains. He made a show of peering into the bottle before he poured the ashes onto the center of the desk.
“I’m not so sure that she is, boy,” Salaman said. Balthazar scoffed and Alex decided that she liked this old demon. She hadn’t heard anybody talk to Balthazar the way he did, except maybe for herself. She turned her head toward the desk and focused on the little pile of ashes. 
“He killed her,” Alex said, still refusing to look at Balthazar. The way she felt was clear in her voice. “He killed her for no apparent reason at all.”
“Yes,” Salaman said. He picked up the griffin egg and shook it a little by his ear. “Because I told him to.”
Alex was shocked as she turned to look at Salaman. Her mouth hung slack for a moment as she processed the information. Finally, she turned her head to look at Balthazar. He was studying her intently but she couldn’t discern what he was thinking. 
“Why?” Alex said, “Why would you do that? You killed her. You know that right?”
Salaman set the egg down on the table and tapped at it with his claw. Alex thought he would break the shell, but the egg was stronger than it looked. 
“Oh child, she’s not dead,” Salaman said. He moved his focus onto her. “You can certainly resurrect her.”
“Me?” Alex said, her eyebrows shooting up on her forehead as she pointed a finger at herself. “How can I resurrect her?”
“Well, perhaps resurrect isn’t the correct word,” Salaman said, waving his hand in the air. “Recreate might be a better word.”
“I don’t understand,” Alex said, shaking her head. She chanced a look at Balthazar again and noticed that he was sitting up a little straighter, his attention still focused on her. It was getting harder for her to stay angry with him.
“You have more power than anyone gives you credit for child,” Salaman said. He reached over and patted her leg. “If you want the phoenix to live once more, you only need to use that power and make it so.”
“I think you’re mistaken,” Alex said with a little laugh. “I don’t have any powers.”
“Yes you do,” Balthazar said. Her eyes shot to his. He looked down at the desk. “You’ve already used them.”
“What? No, I—“
“Yes,” Balthazar said, nodding his head. “You healed me.”
He looked almost ashamed to say it. Alex looked over at Salaman, trying to figure out what was going on.
“I don’t know what you think,” Alex said, shaking her head. “But I didn’t heal you. I can’t do things like that.”
“Of course you can,” Salaman said. “I can smell the magic rolling off of you in waves. You just don’t know how to control it. That’s why I had you two collect these things.”
Salaman picked up the underscale from the Dragon King and turned it over in his hand, examining it. “I’m surprised King Azi was so willing to part with an underscale. I thought he hated demons. The Devasi most of all.”
“A dragon’s reasoning cannot be understood,” Balthazar said, his jaw clenching in irritation. Just hearing about King Azi put him on edge. It wasn’t an experience that he wanted to relive.
“So you told him to collect these things,” Alex said, waving her hand at the three items as she looked over at Salaman. “Why?”
“Prince Balthazar can be a stubborn boy,” Salaman said, giving Alex a knowing wink. “But he means well. You needed these items near you because they contain the most magic in this realm. They were meant to help bring that out of you.”
“Your power will not only help me to control my beast,” Balthazar said, “They are also your best shot for getting home.”
Alex finally understood what he was saying and any vestiges of anger she was holding onto slipped away from her. She may not agree with his methods, but essentially he was trying to help her. He had intended to keep his promise all along. 
“So, you really think I can do this?” Alex asked, looking at him. 
“I know you can,” Balthazar said. 
“Why don’t you give it a try?” Salaman said, motioning to the ashes that were spread out on the desk. “Try to recreate the firebird.”
“How do I do that?” Alex asked. She still doubted that she had any abilities at all, but if these two thought she could do it, then maybe she could. At the very least it was worth a try. 
“Here,” Salaman said, holding out the underscale for her to take. “King Azi is a very powerful dragon. His scale holds remnants of his power that may help you tap into your own. Just concentrate on what it is you want to do.”
Alex took the scale from Salaman. It was smooth in her hands and she clutched it to her chest. She closed her eyes and tried to think of recreating a phoenix. It was a ridiculous notion to her and after a few moments of nothing happening, she opened her eyes with a huff and glared at Balthazar.
“This isn’t working,” she said.
“Concentrate.”
“I am.”
“Concentrate harder.”
Alex heaved a sigh and closed her eyes again. This was absolutely ridiculous. She thought about Simiri and how sorry she was about what had happened. She couldn’t really be mad at Balthazar any more for what had happened. Salaman was right, he was stubborn and he was wrong in a lot of the things he did, but his intentions were well placed. She regretted that Simiri had to die so that she could maybe tap into some latent magic abilities. She wished more than anything that she could change that. Alex felt a warm sensation working its way up her hands and into her chest. Her mind began to get a little foggy and all she wanted to do was lay down and take a nap. She heard a rattling sound and opened her eyes.
The griffin egg shook lightly on the desk as the dust of the phoenix sifted into the air around it. A wave of vibration shook the room and a spark lit from the ashes. Then another spark. The pile burst into a brilliant crimson flame, lasting only a moment.
“Take it,” Salaman said, picking up the egg and handing it to Alex. 
The shell disintegrated in a burst of blue fire as soon as the egg touched her fingers and a bird, scarcely larger than a pigeon, came to rest on her lap. It had golden feathers, with one blue and one red eye that blinked as they tried to focus on Alex.
“You’ve given life to a new line of firebirds,” Salaman said to Alex with a smile. “An amalgam of fire and water energies.  It is quite an auspicious beginning I must say. Perhaps you are even more powerful than I thought.”
“So, I can go home now?” Alex said with hope filling her heart. She looked over at Balthazar and felt a sudden and sharp pang of sadness. “I mean, I can use my powers to get back?”
“Oh no,” Salaman said with a laugh. “You are still a long way from being able to do that. No, crossing worlds is something that will take quite a lot of power and ability. Healing and recreating are the weakest of any magical talent.”
“Oh,” Alex said, feeling a little bit disheartened. The firebird cawed in her lap and nuzzled its head on her hand. She couldn’t help but smile at the creature. She had created it. She may not be able to get home just yet, but she had created a phoenix, and that was certainly something to smile about.

37


Lady Carolina was not pleased at all. Having a phoenix was, of course, not a bad thing, but Alex couldn’t control it and the bird was making an absolute mess of the meticulously designed interior Carolina’s apartment. Not to mention the incessant caws and screeches that echoed off the marbled walls and hurt the Sultana’s sensitive ears. She would need to find a place to put the creature before it caused irreparable damage to her fine silk furnishings. It was also time for Alexandra to get her own apartment, since it was obvious she would be staying here for quite some time.
“Honestly, girl,” Carolina said, throwing her manicured hands in the air as she plopped back on a silk cushion. “Can’t you control the creature?”
“Sorry,” Alex said, wiping at her forehead. She was working up a pretty healthy sweat chasing the gilded bird around the room, trying to cage it. It had flown out of Alexandra’s reach and rested comfortably on a wooden rafter that supported the ceiling. “I’m trying to catch it.”
“Maybe that’s your problem,” Carolina said. “You should command it. You are the bird’s caretaker. It must listen to you.”
“It’s not going to listen to me,” Alex said, shaking her head and looking up at the bird. It blinked its little eyes and looked down at her with its head jerking from side to side.
“Give it a try,” Carolina said. She picked up her glass of wine that sat on the table next to her and took a long sip. 
“Come here,” Alex said, motioning with her hands for the bird to come down to her. She was rewarded with a loud shriek as the bird ruffled its feathers. 
“It’s laughing at me,” Alex said, throwing her hands in the air and turning away to look at Carolina. “The damn thing isn’t going to listen to me.”
“Not if you speak to it so softly. Perhaps you should give it a name,” Carolina said, rubbing at her temples as the bird cawed again. “It’s a female I believe.”
“It’s a female?” Alex asked, looking thoughtfully back up at the bird. “How do you know?”
“I don’t,” Carolina said with a shrug, taking another sip of her wine. “It looks female though.”
“Yeah, I guess it kinda does,” Alex thought for a moment. She looked up at the bird, with her tiny two toned eyes that watched Alex’s every move. It had beautiful golden tipped feathers that shone in the sunlight filtering into Carolina’s apartment.
“Peta,” Alex said, “It means gold. I like that name for her.”
The bird made a cooing sound and spread out her wings as she leapt off the rafter. She landed on the floor a few steps in front of Alex. It tilted its head to the side and looked at Alex with its red eye. Alexandra looked pointedly at the bird.
“Come, Peta,” she said, with as much authority as she could muster. To her surprise, Peta hopped forward a few steps and cooed again. Alex grabbed the cage and set it on the ground in front of her. “Get in, Peta.”
Peta ruffled her feathers a little but she continued to hop forward and eventually made it into the cage. Alex shut and locked the little metal door with an exhausted sigh. 
“I’m afraid the room will need to be entirely redone,” Carolina said. A tisk tisk sound echoed off the marble of the room as she stood up and picked her way around the piles of overturned furniture and silk cushions. “How can such a small creature cause such a disastrous mess?”
“I’m really sorry,” Alex said, biting at her lower lip. “I guess Peta’s pretty strong for such a small bird.”
Peta cawed loudly in her cage, causing Carolina to wince and raise a hand to her ears.
“What’s done is done,” she said, waving her hand in dismissal of the bird. She walked over to Alex and linked their arms together. “No sense dwelling on it. We should go prepare for the Taj Festival.”



“I am so not wearing that,” Alex said, shaking her head at the eunuch that was holding out an outfit expectantly. It was a beautiful, deep green silk that was embroidered with golden threads and studded with tiny diamonds in a decorative floral pattern.  But it was also little more than a bra, with a high slit skirt that sat low on the hips. The ensemble was incredibly gorgeous but Alex couldn’t see herself wearing something so revealing. Carolina looked amazing in her outfit, which was cut very similar to the one she had picked out for Alex. Her’s was a peach color and was studded with tiny auburn colored gemstones. The demoness wore it with such grace and elegance that it was hard for Alex to take her eyes off of her.
“Why not?” Carolina asked, examining her hair in the mirror that sat on the wall of the harem dressing rooms. An army of eunuchs shuffled around them with ointments and implements, preparing all the Ladies of the Harem for the Taj Festival. “It’s the perfect color for you. Unless you’d rather something in red. That would look fabulous on you. Although, green is my son’s favorite color.”
Carolina winked at her in the mirror. Alex ignored the comment and turned back to the outfit in question. She didn’t want to think about Balthazar right now. It was bad enough that she would have to spend the whole night in the same room with him. Her feelings for him were so confusing. One minute she couldn’t stop her body from trembling with desire when she was around him. The next he was being mean to her and making her so mad she wanted to punch him. He would see her in this outfit. She ran a few fingers over the skirt. She wasn’t quite sure how she felt about that.
“It’s beautiful, really,” Alex said, “but I can’t wear something like that. What about a robe or something?”
Carolina waved off the eunuch that was fussing over her hair and rose from her cushion with a sigh. 
“This is a formal occasion,” Carolina said, stepping over to Alex. She took the top from the eunuch and handed it to Alex. “And this is formal wear. Everyone else will be dressed similarly. You simply can’t wear a robe. The idea is ludicrous. Especially if you’ll be sitting at my table.”
“Yeah, but—“
“But nothing,” Carolina interrupted with a stern glare. “If I have to, I’ll dress you myself. Now, hurry. We still need to have your hair and makeup fixed.”

38


Alexandra’s eyes mirrored the multitude of candle flames that lit the festival as she gazed around in awe. The throne room of the palace was decorated with long swaths of opaque white silk draped across the ceiling and falling to the floor in pools of fabric. Plush silk cushions in a myriad of bold colors littered the floor and were gathered around low tables into seating arrangements. Candles hung everywhere, seemingly suspended in mid air by invisible strings. The dais that the throne was set on was covered with gold leaf that shimmered in the light of the candelabras spread throughout the floor of the room. A temporary dais ran along one side of the room with tables for the honored members of the royal family. That was where Alex was sitting with Carolina beside her. She had a perfect view of the throne, and where Balthazar was going to be sitting. She glanced over at Carolina who was right beside her. There wasn’t quite the same view where she was sitting, and Alex had to wonder if the Lady was trying to put her in front of Balthazar.
Adira sat on the other side of Alex and there were two more seats at the Sultana’s table, occupied by the daughters of the Lord Enchanter. Nila, the younger sister, sat across from Alex, scanning the numerous guests of the festival. It looked as if she was searching for someone in particular. Her older sister Azira’s lavender eyes were focused on Alex.
“Lady Carolina,” Azira said, raising her glass to her, “It’s such an honor to sit at your table.”
“I’m aware of that Azira,” Carolina said without looking at the demoness. Alex could hear the contempt in her voice. “It would be more of an honor if I chose for you to sit here.”
Azira’s back straightened at the insult. 
“I don’t really care if you did or not,” she said, lifting her narrow nose as she dropped her glass. “The only choice that matters is Lord Balthazar’s.”
“I don’t believe Lord Balthazar chose for you to sit there either,” Adira chimed in, shooting Azira a nasty glare.
“Soon, he will,” Azira said, narrowing her eyes. She flicked her polished finger between her and her sister. ”He must mate with one of us.”
“How unfortunate for him,” Alexandra mumbled under her breath. Not that she cared at all about the self-absorbed demon prince’s love life. She wasn’t about to admit how uncomfortable she was with the thought of Balthazar with Azira, or anyone else for that matter. The demoness was beautiful, in a way that Alex could never hope to match. She was probably everything he wanted in a female and it made Alex feel so unequal. She fidgeted with her top, wishing that it covered more of her body.
“How dare you,” Azira hissed as she barred her fangs in a threatening gesture. “Lord Balthazar will choose me. He must. I am—“
“Azira,” Carolina cut in, “Did you just threaten someone under my protection?”
Azira sank back into her cushion and didn’t say anything else. She just glared at Alex with a look that could kill. 
The doors behind the throne opened and the festival guests fell silent as Balthazar entered the room. The floor length white robe that he wore was embroidered with gold thread in a geometric pattern. The gilded threads caught the light in the festival hall and gave off an ethereal glow that surrounded Balthazar. Alexandra found it hard to tear her eyes away from him. His torso was left bare and the sharp lines of his chiseled stomach peaked through the open robe. Alex couldn’t help but gasp at the handsome sight. The reaction didn’t go unnoticed by Azira.
A crackling thump broke through the silence of the hall as the Lord Enchanter tapped the end of his staff against the marble floor. The festival guests rose as the doors at the other end of the hall creaked open. Salaman waddled in carrying a teardrop shaped glass bottle. The thick amber liquid inside sparkled as it sloshed with the old demon’s every step. As he neared the golden dais where Balthazar stood waiting, the entire room fell to their knees. Salaman climbed the few stairs to come face to face with the young prince.
“Kneel, boy,” Salaman said, his voice low enough for only Balthazar to hear.
Balthazar bent a knee, bowing his head as Salaman removed the glass stopper from the bottle of anointing oil. The festival hall stood frozen in time for a slender moment as a drop fell from the bottle onto the young prince’s raven locks. The wrinkled lips of the old demon moved in a silent incantation.
“I give you my blessing,” Salaman said, replacing the glass stopper, “Lord Sultan Balthazar.”
Balthazar straightened, standing to face the old demon. Salaman turned without another word, leaving the festival and its guests to celebrate. Once the doors closed behind him the hall erupted in cheers and raised goblets to Lord Sultan Balthazar. They settled back into their cushions as food trailed out in an explosion of culinary delights. Servants piled all the tables high with a variety of dishes as Balthazar settled on his throne and surveyed his subjects.  His eyes inevitably fell on Alexandra. 
She was absolutely stunning and he found the level of delight he felt at seeing her in the formal gown of his people a little unnerving. Her curves were slighter than the demonesses of his kingdom but the outfit was more becoming on her than anyone he had ever seen. Green was most decidedly his favorite color and he liked it even more seeing it on Alexandra. He had to force himself to look away from her before his staring became too obvious.
Alexandra’s mouth watered in anticipation as mounds of food were placed on the table before her. She had to concentrate on not looking over at Balthazar, so instead she moved her focus onto the food. She pilled her plate high with the smoked meats and steamed greens that had quickly become her favorite things to eat. 
Balthazar’s eyes wandered over the crowd before once again finding Alex. He watched as she eagerly filled her plate. The girl was severely lacking in etiquette, but she somehow managed to steal his attention away from everything else that was going on at the festival. He could pinpoint her scent from amongst the sea of guests, and couldn’t help but take a moment of pleasure to indulge in the smell. Her scent held innocence and purity that was so incredibly enticing. He found himself wanting to touch her, to walk the short distance to her and hold her close to him. He wanted to taste her in every way that a man could taste a woman. He clenched his jaw and made himself look away again. Thinking such things wasn’t going to help him any. She had just begun to access her powers and it would be quite some time before she could use them to help him control his beast. In the meantime he had to worry about holding his kingdom together on his own. That just didn’t leave room for her in his life. Not in the way he wanted her to be in his life.
Alex was nearly finished with her first serving when she noticed the empty plate in front of Carolina. In the short time that she had spent with the Lady, she had learned how much she liked to indulge in a meal like this. 
“You aren’t eating,” Alex said between bites, motioning to the empty plate.
“Not yet,” she replied with a spark in her crystal blue eyes. She rose from her cushion and faded into the crowd of guests before Alex could ask her anything else.
“Where’s she going?” Alex asked Adira as she tried to watch Carolina retreating into the crowd.
“We’re in for a real treat tonight,” Adira said, using a napkin to wipe at her lips. “The Sultana is going to dance for us.”



A spotlight hit the stage that was set in the center of the room. Carolina materialized from thin air as a stringed instrument strummed softly. She moved her arms, undulating to the music and charming the crowd with a few simple yet precise movements. She whirled and danced around the room her hips dipping and swaying to the rhythm of the music. It was a mesmerizing performance that held the crowd captive.
While everyone was entranced by his mother’s dancing, Balthazar took the opportunity to watch Alexandra again. Her lips were parted ever so slightly and the tip of her tongue darted out to moisten them. Her wide green eyes shimmered as they followed the dance. She was so incredibly beautiful it almost hurt him to watch her, knowing that he couldn’t have her. Not like he wanted to have her.
His attention was snapped away from Alexandra when he realized Azira was watching him. She tilted her head curiously at him. It was a challenge. She was silently questioning him. Balthazar knew what she expected, but he had never favored her. She was beautiful, and her father was a powerful demon on the council, but she was a spoiled brat and Balthazar had never been able to stomach her for too long. She was too entitled for his liking. Still, he knew what was expected of him. Tonight wasn’t just the night that he was officially anointed as Lord Sultan. He was also supposed to choose a Sultana, and traditionally that had always been the Lord Enchanter’s daughter. It was a way of making the royal bloodline stronger, bonding it with the little magic that was in the Lord Enchanter’s blood. 
He looked away from the table and focused on his mother as she finished her dance. With a final beat of the drum, Carolina ended her dance and was immediately rewarded with applause. Balthazar stood from his throne and a hush fell over the room.
“Mother,” he said, his voice loud enough to carry over the entire crowd, “you’ve truly honored me with your performance, and I have a gift for you.”
Balthazar motioned to a servant that was standing in the back of the room. He rushed out of the room and returned only a moment later. A chained and beaten demon was dragged in behind him and thrown before Lady Carolina. Alex recognized him instantly. It was Hasan.
“Your newest eunuch, mother,” Balthazar said. “I’m afraid he can’t speak. His traitorous tongue has been removed. Though I’m sure you can find some use for him.”
The breath stuck in Alexandra’s throat at the subtle brutality of the scene. There was a barbaric amusement gleaming in Balthazar’s eyes as he presented his mutilated brother as a gift. Alex couldn’t help but feel sorry for Hasan.
“Lord Sultan Balthazar,” Carolina said with a proud smile on her face, “I’m honored by such a generous gift.”
Carolina had hated Hasan since the very day he was born. She despised his mother, Sultan Sami’s second wife. She was a contemptible woman who had birthed a useless son and died shortly afterward. In the royal hierarchy, princes always outranked wives, even the Sultana. But now Hasan was hers to command. The removal of both his tongue and pathetic manhood was just an added bonus. 



Tavi picked his way across the festival hall, balancing a goblet of sugared wine in each hand.
“Lady Carolina,” he said, stepping up the dais to her table, “you’re dance was captivating as always.”
Carolina inclined her head at the compliment, watching him curiously as he held a goblet out to Alex. She tried to refuse but Tavi shook his head at her.
“It’s not an option, girl” Tavi said with a smirk on his lips, “You owe me a toast.”
“I do?” Alex asked, her eyes narrowing. She looked at Carolina who was less than pleased that Tavi had come over and was offering her wine.
“You do,” Tavi said. He forced his way between Alex and Nila and made himself comfortable on the floor. He placed the goblet on the table right in front of Alex. “It was an honor to fight with you, and a toast is customary amongst those who savor victory together. So, you can’t say no.”
 Alex never drank.  She didn’t care for the bitter taste, but it would seem she was backed into a corner, and Carolina wasn’t stepping in to help her. She reluctantly picked up the goblet and raised her glass in a toast to Tavi. She took a tentative sip and was surprised when the sugared wine poured easily down her throat without even a hint of bitterness. It was sweet and subtle and she thought there must be hardly any alcohol in it at all. 
“Wow, this is really good,” Alex said. She took a bigger sip and this time savored the taste of the wine. Tavi had an I-told-you-so look on his face and Alex rolled her eyes. 
“Tavi,” Azira called across the table, getting his attention as an idea formed in her mind. She had seen the way Balthazar looked at Alex and she didn’t like it one bit. She would show him how unsuited the silly human was for him. The girl could never compare to Azira, and she could certainly never be the Sultana. 
“Yes, Lady Azira,” Tavi said, looking lazily in her direction. It was apparent that he’d had quite a lot of sugared wine already.
“An enemy as powerful as Raza deserves much more than a single toast, does he not?”
“That’s absolutely right,” Tavi said, throwing his hand in the air. A smile spread across his face as he beckoned a servant over to the table. “We’re going to need a lot more wine.”

39


Alexandra giggled and clapped her hands together as she watched the acrobats flipping and flying around the room. It hadn’t taken very many glasses of sugared wine to get her drunk. The sweet, smooth taste of it was deceptive. It actually had an alarmingly high alcohol content. Most demons could only drink a few glasses before they were completely wasted. Alex had already had three and she was working on her fourth. Tavi sat next to her utterly entertained by her inebriated state. He found her amusing in general, but with her guard down like this, she was even more fun to watch. Carolina was definitely not pleased with him, judging by the looks she was shooting him, but the Sultana’s anger was well worth the show. 
Balthazar sat on his throne, sipping casually at his glass of wine. It was supposed to be a joyous occasion, and for most in the kingdom it was, but he was the only one who knew the true extent of the problems that were facing him. He simply couldn’t relax and enjoy himself. Being anointed only solved the problem of his younger brothers trying to steal the throne out from under him. The neighboring lands would still be looking for any weakness to strike. He’d managed to keep his attention mostly off Alex, though the way she bounced and laughed with her drunken rosy cheeks made it a little harder. He drained his glass, the only cup of wine he’d allowed himself for the evening, and rose from his cushioned throne. The Taj festival was over for him, but the other attendees would likely be partying late into the night. 
“My Lord,” Darius said, stepping up on the dais beside the throne. He didn’t need to say anything. Balthazar knew what he was expecting. He’d been trying to think of a way to avoid this all night, but he knew it was inevitable. 
Balthazar’s peripheral vision was fixed on Alexandra. As he saw Alex laughing with Tavi he felt his anger begin to rise. It wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair that Tavi could sit by her and laugh with her and he couldn’t. For a split moment, he thought he would summon her to his chambers. Its what he really wanted to do, but he knew he couldn’t do that. For so many reasons. To deny Azira the chance to join him would put her father against him, and the last thing he needed was more dissention in his kingdom. Alexandra was also just a girl. She was of age to be made into a woman, but it wasn’t something he could call on her tonight to do. He wanted to growl. Try as hard as he could, he couldn’t make himself forget about her.
“Azira,” Balthazar said finally, “and her younger sister, Nila. Send them both to my chambers.”
Darius smiled happily and bowed to him, then shuffled off to tell the two demonesses the good news. As Alexandra’s alcohol hindered mind registered what was happening her heart fell into her stomach. The smile on her face faded. She didn’t know why she felt so hurt. It wasn’t like she was expecting, or even wanting him to call on her, but it still made her feel sad that he would choose Azira. Carolina picked up on the shift of her energy.
“I believe we’ve all had too much wine,” Carolina said, standing from her cushion and giving Tavi one more pointed look. “Let’s go for a walk in the garden before we retire for the evening. Lady Adira, would you join us?”
“Of course,” Adira said, her words only slightly slurred. It had been a long time since she allowed herself to cut loose and have a few drinks. It was a wonderful occasion, and she no longer had the responsibilities of being the Khaja, so she had happily indulged herself. She helped Carolina gather up Alexandra and bid Tavi a good night before the three of them made their way out to the royal gardens.
The gardens were always an amazing sight to behold, but on a crisp night such as this it was a special pleasure to stroll through. A cold breeze ghosted over Alexandra’s wine-heated skin as she stumbled behind the two demonesses leading her down the pebbled trail that wound throughout the gardens. Alex breathed in the cold night air in heavy gulps trying to clear her mind and regain some sobriety. Now that she was away from the festivities and entertainment, it wasn’t so much fun being drunk.
There was a large artificial pond that occupied a small portion of the gardens and the three women sat down on a stone bench at the water’s edge. Carolina waved over the only servant that remained in the gardens during the night. He scuttled nervously up to her, bowing before the Sultana. It was a rare event for her to be out of the harem quarters and he had never seen her in person. 
“Go to the kitchens,” Carolina said, “I want a snack brought to my apartments. Nothing of the festival food. Bring me something fresh.”
The servant bowed and hurried to carry out the task. Adira sat beside Carolina, wondering what she was up to. She couldn’t possibly be hungry after all the food from the festival. There was another reason she wanted to occupy the only servant that would be in the gardens that evening.
Lady Carolina stood up suddenly. Alex and Adira unconsciously mimicked her, but Alex waivered at the sudden movement she had forced on her intoxicated body. Carolina stepped closer to her and pushed her gently back down onto the bench.
“Alexandra,” she said softly, “you’ve had entirely too much sugar wine. I think it would be best if you remained here for a moment longer. The fresh air will do you well.  Return to my apartments once you’re feeling better.”
Carolina turned to walk away before there was any time to protest. Alex didn’t want to argue anyway. The cold, fresh air of the evening felt good and she really kind of wanted to be alone anyway. She so rarely had time to herself around here.
“Oh,” Carolina stopped and turned back towards Alexandra, “Follow this path to the fork, and go to the right. That will bring you back to the harem.”
 Adira looked quizzically at her. Taking a right wouldn’t bring her back to the harem. Understanding clicked in her mind and she forced back a smirk.
“Yes, remember to go to the right,” Adira said as they both turned away and walked off into the darkness of the gardens. They shared a knowing giggle once they were far enough away from Alex.



“Nila,” Azira said, grabbing her sister by the shoulders and shaking her slightly, “you will not ruin this night.”
“But I don’t want to mate Lord Balthazar,” Nila said, a tear threatening to fall down her cheek. 
“You’re not mating him,” Azira said, narrowing her eyes as she let go of her sister. “I’m the one that’s mating him. You’re only there to please him.”
“I don’t want to do that,” Nila said, stomping her foot in emphasis. Azira slapped her hard across the face. A red palm print was quickly forming on her cheek as Nila rubbed at the spot. She wasn’t surprised. Azira had been bullying her their entire lives. 
“Who could you possibly rather make you a woman?” Azira fumed at her sister’s ignorance. 
“Prince Kaveh,” Nila said, dropping her hand, “I love him.”
Azira narrowed her eyes at her younger sister. It was as she had suspected. There was a rumor floating around the nobles that Nila was cavorting with the prince. Normally it would be a good thing, except when there was a Lord Sultan involved.
“Forget about prince Kaveh,” Azira said, turning her back to her sister as she prepped herself in the mirror, “all that matters now is that we please Lord Balthazar. Just do what he says and shut your mouth or I’ll shut it for you permanently.”



Balthazar paced in his chambers. His mind was haunted by images of Alexandra. The way her big eyes sparkled with awe at the festival. Her innocent curiosity. Her trusting naivety. Her scent that still lingered in his nostrils, delicate and mingled expertly with the perfumed oils of the harem. He wished he was waiting for her instead of the demon sisters. Nila was still a girl, and in some twisted way he wanted to imagine her being Alex. That’s the only explanation he could think of for telling Darius to summon her as well as her older sister. 
A growl bubbled in his chest. Why was he still thinking of her? She was a tool to achieve his goals, nothing more. He wished that was true, but he couldn’t lie to himself. In the short time that she’d been here, she had become so much more to him than a way to control his beast.
The doors to his bedchamber cracked opened. Azira and Nila stepped in, their heads bowed in respect as they waited for Balthazar to acknowledge their presence. 
“Disrobe,” he said, not caring to look in their direction as he seated himself on a pile of white silk cushions. He leaned back against a triangular cushion. The sisters stepped further into the room and reached behind them to unlatch their tops. Their bare breasts, round and perky, finally grabbed his attention. Azira walked closer, swaying her hips as seductively as she could manage, but Nila was shy. She stayed behind her sister and avoided looking up at Balthazar.
“Continue,” he said, his eyes following Azira’s hips. 
Azira turned to her sister and reached for the ties that held the silk skirt at her hips. She pulled Nila closer to her as the garment dropped to the ground, pooling around her feet.
“Isn’t she beautiful, Lord Balthazar?” Azira asked as she guided her sister in a twirl, displaying her naked body to him.
“I didn’t tell you to speak,” Balthazar said. He was annoyed. This just didn’t feel right at all. He was barely aroused, and the little bit that he had managed was only because the thoughts he had of Alex. Nila’s scent carried her innocence, but it wasn’t as powerful as Alexandra’s. It wasn’t as enticing. She would make a poor substitute.
Azira bowed her head in apology and removed her own skirt. Her body was undeniably perfect. She was beautiful, and the arousal in her scent was palpable as she moved closer to him. Balthazar couldn’t help but think he should have been more aroused.
The utter lack of challenge in these females was just so off-putting. His entire life had been this way. The most noble and beautiful ladies had been on their knees before him since the day he was born, hoping to gain his favor. There was no challenge. These two were no different.
“Are you not excited, Lord Balthazar?” Azira asked, her eyes drifting to his less than noticeable arousal. She couldn’t help but be angry at the thought that Balthazar was still thinking about that human girl. She hadn’t forgotten the way he had been looking at her. It was the same way he should have been looking at Nila and her right now.
“Excite me,” Balthazar challenged, leaning further back and picking at a bowl of Anouri fruit that sat on the table next to him. It was a bit of an insult, considering they were already completely naked and willing in front of him. He was hoping to provoke them. He wanted them to yell at him. He wanted them to tell him no, the way Alexandra invariably did.
Azira moved closer to Balthazar, her eyes heavy with lust. Her sister followed close behind her, but there was a hint of hesitation that intrigued Balthazar. Was she thinking of disobeying him? This would be the perfect opportunity for him to test them. They had been conditioned to do anything he told them, but he wondered how far they would go to please their Lord Sultan.
“Taste her,” Balthazar said. He leaned his chin against his upturned palm as he watched the two sisters. There was a moment of hesitation and his excitement rose minutely. Nila’s eyes shot to Azira, wide and questioning. Azira seemed to be processing the order. These were sisters, and what he had just told them to do was extremely taboo. He didn’t actually want to see them pleasuring each other. He just wanted to push them to their breaking point. Surely, he thought, they would not agree to such a thing.
Any intrigue that he might have felt quickly diminished as the sisters complied with his demands. Their bodies splayed wantonly across the white marble floor of his bedchamber. Azira trailed kisses down her sister’s body, lingering at her most sensitive parts, her tongue swirling in caressing kisses. Azira brought her sister to the brink of ecstasy and pulled herself away to crawl over to Balthazar while Nila recovered from the flood of pure pleasure.
Balthazar wasn’t aroused before, and after that display he was entirely limp. Their mindless compliance had only served to degrade the sisters and further put him off. Azira slid her body between Balthazar’s legs and grabbed a piece of fruit. The sticky juice trailed down her chin as she bit into it, dripping onto her bare chest. She trailed a finger along the drip, bringing it into her mouth and sucking seductively on the tip. Her other hand reached into Balthazar’s lap. Her lips puckered in disappointment when she felt the lack of his arousal.
“Aren’t you hungry, Lord Balthazar?” she said, raising an eyebrow at him seductively.
The only thought going through Balthazar’s mind was how much better Alexandra’s arousal smelled than Azira’s when mingled with his favorite fruit. Balthazar had had enough. He stood up and pushed Azira off of him.
“You failed to arouse my appetite,” Balthazar said with little emotion as he turned away from her. “Get out. Both of you.”



Alexandra’s shoulders slumped forward as she dangled her feet in the cool water of the garden pond. Her heart hung heavily in her chest. Balthazar was with the demon sisters right now. She didn’t know why that bothered her so much, but it did. It shouldn’t bother her. It wasn’t like there was anything between her and Balthazar. She would never admit it, but she wished there was. The things his presence did to her body were downright embarrassing, especially knowing that he could smell it. If he had any desire for her, he would have acted on it, but he hadn’t. He’d only teased her a few times, his intention only to antagonize her. And with so many beautiful women at his every beck and call, she couldn’t blame him for not showing any interest in her. 
The effects of the wine were beginning to wear off, but Alex was reluctant to return to the harem. Lady Carolina was very kind to her, but Alex really just wanted to be alone. She pulled her feet out of the water and slipped on the soft leather and gold sandals that Carolina had picked out for her. They matched her outfit perfectly. She walked through the royal gardens, still lost in her thoughts, until she came to the fork in the little pebbled path.
Alex looked down the path in both directions with her lips pursed in thought. She chewed lightly on the inside of her cheek, struggling to recall the way back. It was the left, she finally concluded as she turned to continue down the path.
She took two steps before stopping suddenly and whirling around. No, it wasn’t the left. It was the right. She remembered clearly now. They had told her to take the path to the right.
She continued on the garden trail until she came to the entrance gate of the massive harem apartments. The two story doors were closed and there wasn’t a soul in sight. She reached out and knocked softly on the door, hoping someone inside would hear. When there was no response, she beat her balled fist against the doors with a bit more force. The sound echoed back at her, but there was still no response. 
She pushed on the heavy door. It creaked softly but refused to open. Alex leaned her shoulder into the door, pushing her entire body weight into the carved wood. Her face flamed at the exertion as it inched open, parting just enough for Alex to slip through.
A few steps into the columned entrance hall, Alex realized something was not right. She stopped dead in her tracks. The usually pink marble that decorated the harem walls and floor were missing. Instead, a dazzling white marble brightened the dark room. Her eyes fell upon a tall figure standing in the shadows and her breath caught in her throat. This was definitely not the harem.
“Are you lost girl?” Balthazar asked. There was a hint of amusement in his deep voice as he took a step towards her.
Alex felt her heart rate begin to rise as he came closer. His torso was naked and her eyes drifted over his incredible body. A heavy blush stained her round cheeks as she watched the well-toned sinew twitch with every step. Balthazar exuded power and masculinity and Alexandra found it impossible to tear her eyes away from the sight of him. Her body heated as he closed in on her. She took a step back from him.
Balthazar watched her as she scanned his body. He felt a swell of male pride as a very faint scent of arousal lifted into the air. 
“I was…um,” Alex sputtered, swallowing hard and trying to regain her composure, “I was trying to get back to the harem…I didn’t mean to—“
“So you’re obviously lost,” Balthazar said suddenly closing the distance between them with his speed.
She jumped at the sudden movement, stepping backwards and trying to put a comfortable distance between them. Alex became embarrassingly aware of her less than modest dress. Her arms came up to cover her bare midsection as if it would hide her nervousness.
Balthazar could hear Alexandra’s heart beating wildly in her ribcage. His mind was clouded with the smell of her arousal, but he could still detect a faint odor of fear mixed in with it. He hated that. It drove him to the brink of insanity because all he wanted to do was take her upstairs into his bedchamber. He wanted to take that fear away. He never wanted her to be afraid of him.
He watched her with barely cloaked desire as she tried to back away from him. Her exposed skin contacted with the cold marble wall behind her and elicited a delicious little gasp. He wanted to hear her gasp like that over and over while she lay beneath him. He rested his hand on the wall next to her, trapping her between his body and the wall.
“Balthazar,” Alex questioned breathily, “I…I …”
She officially couldn’t speak. His face inched closer to hers. His cheek grazed hers as he brought his nose into the crook of her neck and inhaled deeply. She couldn’t think. All she could do was surrender to the desire he conjured deep inside her.
Her innocence washed over Balthazar like a tingling wave spiked with a delicious after smell of the Anouri fruit. She quivered as her arousal increased. Balthazar couldn’t help but smile, knowing that his touch elicited such a reaction from her. He reached an arm around her waist and pulled her into him.  A rumble of pleasure began to quake in his chest as his own desire began to rise. This was all he’d been able to think about the entire night, and now that she was here, he couldn’t make himself pull away.
Alex squeaked as his hand moved down to grasp her backside, but she didn’t push him away. She didn’t want to. He towered over her and engulfed her. His presence was so complete, so encompassing and his touch made her skin burn everywhere he touched her. She could smell the sugared wine on his breath as his mouth hovered so close to hers. His body felt unnaturally hot as he pinned her between himself and the cold wall. Heat pooled between her legs, and her stomach tingled. She squeezed her thighs together, hoping that it would stop, and knowing Balthazar had undoubtedly already picked up on her arousal. His other hand cupped her cheek and he moved her face so that his lips were lined up with hers. Alex sucked in a sharp breath before a hiccup escaped her lips and broke through the moment.
She slapped a hand over her mouth and wanted to curse. The one hiccup was followed by a succession of uncontrolled convulsive hiccups. Balthazar reluctantly stepped back from her. She struggled to get her hiccups under control. 
 Balthazar gently gripped her chin between his thumb and forefinger and pulled her face up to meet his.
“Alexandra,” he said, his voice surprisingly tender as he brushed the back of his knuckles across her cheek, “Did you know you could be severely punished for entering my chambers uninvited?”  
 “I’m hcup… I’m sorry,” Alex said, through her persistent hiccups. “I could have sworn hcup…I could’ve sworn I took a right at the fork in the garden.”
“You did,” Balthazar said softly. His eyes searched her face as he pushed a curled lock of black hair behind her ear.
“That’s the hcup… way that Carolina told me to go,” Alex said, her voice shaking with nervous tension as Balthazar continued to run his fingers over her skin.
“Of course she did,” Balthazar said, finally dropping his hand to his side. “The harem apartments are to the left. You should return there now.” 

40


“Stop meddling mother,” Balthazar said as soon as he saw her coming out of the harem. She had requested an audience with him and he thought it would be best to take her for a walk through the royal gardens. Going to her apartment meant that he would see Alexandra. After the night before he thought it was a good idea to avoid her for now. Eventually he would need to see her, and get her started on a training regimen, but for now it was best to let their emotions cool.
“Meddling?” Carolina asked, feigning ignorance as she placed a hand to her chest. “I have no idea what you mean.”
“Spare me the act,” Balthazar said. He held his arm out for his mother to take. “You sent Alexandra to my chambers last night. I know what you're trying to do.”
“Yes, and imagine my disappointment when she came back still a girl,” Carolina said, a smirk on her pink painted lips as she gave her son a sidelong glance. “I thought for sure you would have—“
“She could have been very severely punished,” Balthazar said with a heavy sigh. He led them onto one of the paths that ran through the gardens “She pushed her way into my private quarters.”
He wasn't surprised at all that his mother was trying to influence things. She always did. He wasn't surprised that she had taken such a liking to Alexandra either. He felt the same way, but there were things she didn't understand and things he just couldn't discuss with her. 
“I do hope she didn't interrupt something,” Carolina said as she eyed her son, the smile on her face broadening. Balthazar may be the Lord Sultan, but he was still her son, and she knew him well. She knew when he liked a female, which wasn't very often, and she could see very clearly the way he felt about Alexandra.
“Why did you request an audience with me?” Balthazar asked, wanting to get off the subject of Alex and the night before. He meant to scold his mother for what she had done, but the woman was cunning and she always managed to turn things around to her own advantage.
“I have a request,” Carolina said. She stopped by a bush of blooming flowers and turned her back to Balthazar.
“What might that be, mother?” Balthazar asked with a sigh. She plucked one of the prettier blooms and brought it to her nose. 
“Alexandra,” Carolina said turning to him as she stuck the flower behind her ear. “I thought that since she will be staying with us for a while, she should have her own apartments.”
“Mother, stop it,” Balthazar said, clenching his jaw as she took his arm again.
“Stop what?,” Carolina said, batting her lashes in a gesture of innocence. “I'm merely suggesting—“
“Your merely meddling in my affairs,” Balthazar said. They continued walking through the gardens at an easy pace. 
“I would never do such a thing,” Carolina said with a chuckle.
Balthazar fought the urge to roll his eyes. His mother was always meddling. She didn't need to push his interest in Alexandra. There was plenty already there. Balthazar wanted her and only her, but he was the Lord Sultan now and he couldn't afford to be so selfish. He couldn't afford to make more enemies than he already had.
“I can't give her an apartment,” Balthazar said with regret in his voice. His eyes were focused on the ground in front of him. “The first apartments must be given to the future Sultana. You know this better than anyone. If I gave her an apartment in the harem, the gesture could be misconstrued. Someone else must get one first.”
“The Delshad daughter,” Carolina said with a sneer. “You don't even like her.”
“It doesn't matter,” Balthazar said. His entire body was rigid at the thought of what had happened the night before. He didn't ever want to see the Delshad sisters again, but he knew that he was expected to mate the elder one. Until Alexandra could help him to control his beast, and obtain a higher level of power, he just couldn't make any more enemies. His kingdom depended on it.
“There's something else that's bothering you,” Carolina said, picking up on the worry in her son's aura. Balthazar remained silent as they walked for a while longer. 
“Lord Krishna sent word,” Balthazar said, finally. He'd gotten the correspondence this morning and it was less than pleasant. Lord Krishna was demanding that he mate his daughter immediately or there would be war between them. It was harder to deny him that when he hadn't chosen any female to mate yet.
Carolina understood the bigger picture. The position of Balthazar’s first mate was highly prized. The lady he chose would replace her as Sultana. Even if he did care for Alexandra, she could never be his mate without upsetting alot of people. 
“I'm sure you'll work everything out,” Carolina said, giving him a small pat on the arm. It was the best she could offer. He had advisors that could tell him how to handle the threats of war. The best she could do was offer moral support, and perhaps a loophole to one of his problems. “As for the Lord Enchanter's daughter, protocol only requires they be mated to royalty. Any royal son will do.”



Arastoo stormed into the Lord Sultan's office. His eyes burned in outrage as he glared down at Balthazar. By now he had probably heard of what had happened the night before with his daughters. Balthazar had meant to pacify him by informing him that Azira would soon be named as the future Sultana, but then he had spoken with his mother. There was thankfully a way around his mating with the Delshad daughter. Perhaps Arastoo wouldn't be as happy about it as he would be if Balthazar was going to mate her, but at least this way he wouldn't make an enemy out of him.
“I believe we have something to discuss,” Arastoo said. He was trying to be intimidating, but his lanky build and high-pitched voice just made him look ridiculous. He stood up straighter and tried to use his height to look fierce.
“Yes, we do,” Balthazar said, his voice calm and pleasant. He motioned to the cushion on the other side of his desk. “Sit, Lord Enchanter.”
“You expect me to sit after what you did to my daughters?” Arastoo asked with his lips pulled into a thin line. “You were supposed to choose Azira as your Sultana.”
“Your daughters were found wholly unsatisfying,” Balthazar said flatly. “And I have no intention of mating with Azira. She's a spoiled bitch and you know it as well as I.”
“You...you,” Arastoo's face lit up bright red as he tried to form words to counter the insult. “How dare you! First you disgrace my daughters and now—“
“Your daughters did an excellent job of disgracing themselves,” Balthazar said with a little chuckle as he crossed his arms over his chest.
“You just wait, you arrogant boy,” Arastoo shouted, pointing his finger at Balthazar in an attempt to be menacing. “I'm going to—“
“You're going to sit down and listen to me,” Balthazar said, his voice turning more authoritative. He leaned forward and motioned again at the empty cushion.
“Why would I ever sit down in front of you after what you did?” Arastoo asked. His entire body was shaking in outrage. Balthazar didn't blame him for being so upset. Any father would be. He loved his daughters and he only wanted the best for them.
“Because, I am the Lord Sultan,” Balthazar said calmly. “ And I have a solution that I believe will make everyone happy. Or, you could storm out of here, declare a personal vendetta against me and we could go about destroying each other politically to the detriment of our kingdom. I would choose to sit and listen if I were you.”
Arastoo narrowed his eyes at Balthazar as he processed the ultimatum. He didn't really have much of a choice. Balthazar was right. Technically, he had enough power and influence to make his reign a living hell, but that wouldn't benefit anyone. Arastoo sank down on the cushion with a huff and crossed his arms.
“Now,” Balthazar said, placing his hands on the desk in front of him. “I understand your anger. It wasn't my intention to disgrace your daughters. And I also agree that they should be married into royalty.”
“Azira is too strong to be pawned off to one of your younger brothers,” Arastoo said, lifting his nose in the air.
“She's not going to be the Sultana,” Balthazar said, leveling a gaze at Arastoo that told him it wasn't up for discussion.
“It's the human, isn't it?” Arastoo asked, his voice suddenly small. His eyes focused on his hands as they crossed in his lap. “I've heard rumors about your feelings for her.”
“That's...,” Balthazar was about to tell him it was none of his business, but he had come to a  conclusion after his discussion with his mother. If he could get Arastoo on board with his decision it would make things go smoother. “Yes. I intend to make her my Sultana.”
“She's not even—“
“Her magic is vastly more powerful than even yours,” Balthazar said. “I'm sorry, but she will make a far better mate than your daughter. Surely you can see this.”
“That may be so,” Arastoo said, “but where does that leave my daughter. And me? I'm your Lord Enchanter.”
“You will always retain that position,” Balthazar said. “Don't mistake my intentions. You have been a valuable asset to the council and to my father's reign since you took the position centuries ago. Alexandra may have powerful abilities, but she knows nothing about running a kingdom or matters of state. I intend for her to be my Sultana and nothing more.”
“And my daughter?” Arastoo asked. His voice had lost its edge now that he knew his position was secure, but Balthazar could still hear the hurt from his daughter's rejection. “Is she to be passed off to some younger prince that hasn't the power nor inclination to make her happy?”
“Of course not,” Balthazar said, raising a hand to placate him. “She will mate one of the royal princes, but I recognize that it will take more than the title of prince to satisfy both you and her.”
“Well besides Sultana, what else is there?” Arastoo asked throwing his hands in the air. 
“Did you forget that there is a royal prince on the council? Certainly, being the mate of a council member is prestigious enough?” Balthazar said. Arastoo leaned back a little.
“He was born of a concubine,” he said, his eyes narrowing. Balthazar could see that there wasn't much argument left in him. He was satisfied by the notion of Azira mating with Tavi, there was just something else he wanted so he was going to try and hold out until he got it.
“He's got more power and influence than any of the full blooded princes,” Balthazar said. “Don't be evasive. What is it you want?”
“Both Azira and Nila,” Arastoo said. “I want them both mated to Lord Tavi.”
“A Lord Sultan is the only one who can take more than one mate,” Balthazar said.
“You've already made so many changes to the way things are done, surely you can make one more,” Arastoo said. He stood from his cushion and stepped toward the door. “You have my support on the issue.”
“Then consider it done,” Balthazar said as the Lord Enchanter left. He felt an immense weight lifting off his chest knowing that the issue had been taken care of. Now there was essentially nothing stopping him from being with Alexandra. The thought was one of the few happy ones he'd had since his father died. It was tempered only by the fact that now he had to tell Tavi the news.

41


“I'm close to discovering the traitor,” Tavi said as he settled into a cushion across from Balthazar. He pulled out a folded piece of paper from his pocket and tossed it onto his desk.
“The parchment,” Tavi said tapping at the piece of paper, “it’s made from a very particular plant, used solely for the cooking scrolls in the palace kitchens. The material is resistant to heat and moisture, so it holds up better in the kitchens.”
“There's a large number of people who have access to the kitchens,” Balthazar said. He picked up the piece of paper. It was the one that he had found the night his father was assassinated. All trace of the Asuri assassin's scent was now gone from the paper. 
“I've already interviewed each and every one,” Tavi replied, “and there is only a handful that have access to that paper. It's expensive, so the regular staff can't use it. Only the head chefs can use it to copy down their most important recipes.”
“So it was one of the chefs?” Balthazar asked. He tossed the paper back onto the desk. 
“Or the head of the kitchen staff,” Tavi said. “Either way, it narrows down our traitor to only a few people.”
“It's really good. We'll have the traitor soon,” Balthazar said. He had a faraway look in his blue gray eyes that made Tavi uncomfortable. 
“You're disappointed,” Tavi said, his face falling. He thought this would be wonderful news, but Balthazar wasn't taking it the way he thought he would.
“No, it's not that,” Balthazar said, leaning away from his desk. He rested his chin in his hand and studied his younger half-brother for a moment. “There's another matter I must discuss with you.”
“What is it?” Tavi asked. He sat up straighter. It was so unlike Balthazar to look so worried. Something was clearly bothering him. 
“You're a Council Lord now,” Balthazar said. “It's time for you to take a mate.”
“I agree,” Tavi said, the corners of his lips lifting, “I was hoping to speak with you about that. I have someone in mind.”
“As do I,” Balthazar said, knowing they were not thinking of the same demoness. He knew of the rumors about Tavi and Yashmina. Everyone knew about Tavi and Yashmina, especially since their father's passing. They certainly hadn't tried to hide their feelings for each other. He didn’t oppose the union, but Tavi would have to do what he couldn’t.
“I realize it's uncommon,” Tavi said, his eyes shining with false hope, “but our father never consummated his marriage with Yashmina. It's well known that it was only done as a measure of kindness to her mother. With your blessing I don't think any one would care if I mated her.”
“Unfortunately, I can't allow that,” Balthazar said, looking away. He couldn't bear to look at Tavi and see the crestfallen expression on his face.
“But I…” Tavi’s voice became strained, almost desperate. “I know she was technically in father's harem, but they never—“
“I don't oppose the union,” Balthazar said, cutting him off “and I’m sure no one else would. That's not the issue.”
“I don't understand,” Tavi said, unable to hide his despair. He could never go against the Lord Sultan’s wishes, but he felt like his world was crashing around him. 
“There is someone else that needs to be mated,” Balthazar said, his words cutting like a knife as understanding hit Tavi, “and it won't be to me. I'm sorry, brother. I really am.”
“Azira,” Tavi said. The name stuck in his throat like a bitter pill. He'd wondered what his brother was thinking when he dismissed them the night before. Arastoo would make a powerful enemy for him. Now he knew that Balthazar had made other plans for the daughters.
“You'll mate both the Delshad daughters,” Balthazar said. His voice was steady but his eyes showed a hint of regret. 
Tavi sat silent for a long moment, fighting the constricting pain in his chest. The Delshad sisters were among the most beautiful demonesses in the land. Most of the royal princes would jump at the opportunity to wed just one of them, much less both, but Tavi wanted Yashmina, and only Yashmina.
“Do I have a choice, my lord?” Tavi asked, his jaw clenched as he fought to look his brother in the eyes. Balthazar refused to meet his gaze. It was not so many days before that Balthazar stood in Tavi’s place.
“No,” Balthazar said finally. “I'm afraid not.”



“War is coming, Lord Baal,” Aelek said, his hands resting behind his back as they walked along a moonlit path. It had taken some time, but Baal was finally completely healed. He had started asking questions and Aelek thought it best to show him what he had going on. 
“I don't care about any of that. I just want Balthazar and the human,” Baal said. He'd grown increasingly uncomfortable with being here in Maracov. Aelek was an odd creature to say the least, and he didn't like the fact that he could read his thoughts. It made things easier and harder at the same time. There was no way that Baal could betray him, because he would instantly know it, but there also was no need to beat around the bush. 
“And you shall have them,” Aelek said, waving his finger at Baal with excitement. “I have an extraordinary ability, as you know. But unfortunately my physical abilities are lacking. I don't have the strength or speed that you have. Without it, being able to read minds doesn't do a whole lot of good.”
“So you've made a deal with these Magi creatures,” Baal said. “And you want me to kill them for you.”
“Not yet,” Aelek said. He gave Baal a little wink. “But soon.”
They came to the door of a windowless stone building. The thick wooden door cracked open as they drew close and Aelek gestured for Baal to pass through. As soon as he stepped into the door a stench smacked him in the face and he stopped dead in his tracks. Baal had seen the horrors of battle and was used to the sight of dead and mutilated bodies, but he wasn’t prepared for what he saw.  Twisted and mangled, most of them screaming out in pain, hundreds, possibly thousands of hideously mutated demons filled the building.
“What is this place?” Baal asked, his lips curling in disgust. Aelek stepped beside him and slapped a hand on his shoulder. Baal had to struggle not to look away from the sight. It was troubling how comfortable Aelek was with the scene. It was obvious he'd been here many times. There was maybe even a little pleasure at what he was seeing.
“This is what we need,” Aelek said, his red eyes shining as he surveyed the room with pride. “This is what the Magi will give me.”
“What happened to them?” Baal asked, his face still frozen in horror as he took in the sight of the mutilated demons. There were demons from many different kingdoms. A few of them were lying in dirtied cots, but the rest of them were sprawled out on the floor. Most of them were bleeding, but Baal couldn't tell where the injuries were or what they could be from. It was a disturbing sight.
“Sacrifices must always be made,” Aelek said with a dismissive wave of his hand. “These are the unfortunate outcomes of experimentation. I keep them around to study what went wrong.”
“Experimentation for what?” Baal asked, turning to Aelek.
“Controlling the beast,” Aelek said, “With the right magic, I can create an unstoppable army.”
“The Magi did this?” Baal asked, looking again at the wreckage of bodies that lay around him. He could just barely pick up the hint of magic in the air underneath all the stench of blood and decay.
“They haven't quite perfected their technique,” Aelek said with a shrug. He was so casual about the whole thing that it unnerved Baal to no end. “But they are close. Once they've helped me to achieve this, then you can kill them and we'll both have what we want.”

42


Azira had insisted on a garden wedding, so a corner of the vast garden complex was decorated for the occasion. It was a small affair by royal standards, but she had pushed to make it as lavish as possible. There weren't many people in attendance, not that Azira cared. She didn't want this wedding any more than Tavi or Nila did. If she was going to be forced into a lesser marriage with someone like Tavi, then someone else was going to suffer right along with her. So she demanded her wedding held in the gardens so that Yashmina could watch the whole affair from her balcony in the harem.
Yashmina hadn't really allowed herself to hope that she and Tavi would ever be mated. She had known that it was a long shot, even though Tavi had insisted that Balthazar would approve. It hadn't been much of a surprise to her when she heard that he was being forced to mate Azira and Nila, but it still hurt. She watched the ceremony from her balcony with tear clouded brown eyes. A drop trailed down her cheek and she wiped it away. Tavi looked so handsome, but even from here she could see how sad he was. The only person that was happy about this union was Arastoo.
“Yashmina,” Adira said, stepping outside and putting an arm around her, “Come inside. You're only hurting yourself to watch this.”
“They don’t even want him,” Yashmina said with a sniffle. “It's not fair.”
“Life rarely is,” Adira said. She smoothed back a lock of hair from her daughter's face. It hurt her to see her only daughter so hurt, but there was nothing that could be done. It was a wedding commanded by the Lord Sultan and his commands couldn't be questioned.
“Come inside,” Adira said again, hoping her daughter would not torture herself further.
“No,” Yashmina said, wiping another tear off her cheek. “I will watch until it's over.”
Adira left her daughter on the balcony with a heavy heart. She knew that this was difficult, but it would only get worse. The two sisters would come to stay in the harem by the end of the night, and there would be no escaping the situation.
“Why is he marrying them?” Alexandra asked, as Adira settled into a cushion beside Lady Carolina. “Azira's absolutely awful.”
“He must,” Carolina said. “Lord Balthazar has no desire to wed the sister demons.”
“But why does Tavi have to?” Alexandra asked. She set down the bowl of fruit she'd been picking at from her lap. She was upset for Yashmina and when she was upset, she ate. Her stomach was so full it felt like she was going to pop.
“The Delshad family is a line of enchanters,” Adira said, her focus still on her daughter outside as she settled into the cushions next to Alex and Carolina.
“But what does that have to do with any of this?” Alex said shaking her head.
“It's custom for the Delshads to be linked to the royal family. Arastoo is the Lord Enchanter, so that makes it even harder to go against that,” Carolina said. “Lord Balthazar is unwilling to mate one of them, but he cannot risk alienating himself from the Lord Enchanter, and so it must be one of the other princes. Tavi, being a council member, is the most prominent royal prince. He's probably the only one Arastoo would agree to besides Balthazar.”
Alex felt a mix of emotions. She was glad that Balthazar wasn't going to mate the sisters, but she hated that Tavi had to. She wondered why Balthazar would make such a decision. She knew that he was willing to make sacrifices for his kingdom, but apparently mating the sisters wasn't one of them. She thought about the last time she had seen him. It had been a couple of days, but the scent of him still lingered in her mind. She could still feel his strong hands roaming her body as his lips came so close to kissing hers. She shook the thoughts from her mind, knowing that if she thought about him anymore, the other women would pick up on her arousal in an instant. 



Azira wound her way down a long hall in one of the back corners of the harem to the eunuch quarters. Tavi dismissed the sisters to the Harem as soon as the wedding had ended. He had no desire to bed the sisters, not that anyone really cared. Nila had remained in the new apartment the sisters would share, crying her eyes out for love of Prince Kaveh, while Azira decided to use her time towards something more productive.
She found the young demon she was searching for in the workshops, standing before a large vat of dye, stirring the silk cloth inside it with a wooden paddle, his back turned to her. It was hard work, and he stopped momentarily to wipe the sweat that had collected on his brow.
“Hasan,” Azira said, a crooked smile working its way onto her face, “You've been relegated to a servant of the royal clothiers. Such a shame.”
A garbled growl echoed in Hasan’s chest as he turned around to face her. He let the paddle drop from his hands as his grey eyes burned with his hatred and anger at Azira.
“There's no need to get angry with me,” Azira said, placing a hand to her chest. She stepped further into the room. It was hot inside and it reeked of the urine used in the dye process. “It's Lord Balthazar who has dealt you this unjust fate.”
Hasan turned away from her and picked his paddle back up. Just hearing the name of his older brother made him want to fly across the room and rip out the tongue of the beautiful demoness. Of course, that would only get him mutilated even worse than he already was. They would never kill him. He knew that. Balthazar wanted him alive so that he could suffer for the rest of his natural life. He was an especially cruel demon.
“You're not the only one who's been wronged,” Azira said, coming closer to him. Hasan turned his face to look at her while he continued to stir the vat of dye.
“I believe we can help each other,” Azira said. She reached out to him and trailed a finger down his arm. Hasan’s brows pulled together. He couldn't say anything to her and he didn't understand what help he could offer her.
“You see,” Azira continued, “I'm not satisfied with a second class husband. My father may be, but I am a Sultana, a supreme wife, and I will be wed to a Lord Sultan.”
Hasan’s gaze hardened and he dropped the paddle again. He turned towards Azira.
“And you shall be that Lord Sultan,” she said, running her finger down his torso towards his waistline. “With the magic in my blood, I can make you whole again.”



“He will help us,” Azira said with certainty in her voice.
“You are absolutely sure?” Jahan asked, wringing his hands as he looked around the garden to make sure no one else was near by. This was his last chance. The Magi had made that very clear. He'd done his job in getting the assassin into the palace and in the right place to kill Sami, but he'd failed in letting Balthazar be anointed. They were afraid of him, and they were afraid of him being around the human. He had to get her to them before Balthazar had a chance to get too close to her.
“Well,” Azira said with a smirk as she waved her hand in the air, “he didn’t actually say he would. You know, he can't talk without his tongue.”
“This is no laughing matter, Princess,” Jahan said, his fat face turning red at the strain of talking forcefully. Azira hated the way his double chin jiggled when he talked. He was such a grotesque oddity in his obesity.
“Relax you fat little man,” Azira said, grasping the round tip of Jahan’s nose between her fingers, and pulling his face towards hers. “I have been abreast of palace plots and intrigue since before I could walk.  Hasan will assist us, and if you dare chastise me again, I will make you my personal eunuch when I am Sultana.”
Azira twisted her fingers as she released his nose, adding an extra twinge of pain to the gesture. His pudgy hand cupped his face as his eyes narrowed on her.
“He had better help us, or we will all be in trouble,” Jahan said.

43


“I don’t get this at all,” Alexandra said with a pout on her lips as she looked down at the wooden board with the different colored stones littering it. Carolina had insisted that she join her, Adira, and Yashmina in a game of Mezna. She’d been trying to understand the game all evening but it was just too confusing. She didn’t even know what the point of the game was. It seemed like they were just moving their pieces randomly around the board with no end in sight. So far, the game had gone on for nearly three hours. She was just about ready to give up.
“You’re doing well for your first time,” Yashmina said with a forced smile. Her eyes were tinted pink after she spent the entire day crying, but she was trying to put on a good face.
“Thanks,” Alex said, returning a sympathetic smile to her. She picked up her colored stone, shook it in her hand and tossed it onto the board. The emerald colored piece tumbled around before landing on a carved design that indicated her next move. Alex, of course, had no clue what it meant, and she looked to the other ladies for guidance.
“You’ve landed in a bad position, again,” Carolina said with a sigh. She had no idea that Alex would be such a terrible partner for the game. Carolina herself was undefeated throughout the harem, but that was apparently about to change. “Our pieces are now frozen. They will almost certainly win.”
“Sorry,” Alex said, chewing at her fingernail. She tried to sound like she cared, but it was obvious that she didn’t. The door of Lady Carolina’s apartment opened and pulled their attention away from the game.
Hasan stepped in with his shoulders slumped forward and he shuffled over to the ladies. His grey eyes remained trained on the marble floor as he held his hand out to Alexandra. A small rolled piece of parchment sat in the palm of his hand. Alex looked at Carolina, unsure of what to do. 
“It’s a summons,” Carolina said, a purely satisfied look on her face as she trained her eyes on Hasan. “This eunuch isn’t good for doing much else around here.”
Hasan still refused to look up, but Alex could still see his eyes burning with outrage. Alex reached out and gingerly took the summons from him. She unrolled the paper and tried to read the words that were printed on it, but the writing was so elaborate she found it hard to make out.
“The Lord Sultan requests your presence,” Carolina said, as she looked over Alexandra’s shoulder to read the summons. “It’s an honor for him to summon you through such official means. He must want to speak with you about something important.”
Alex heard satisfaction in Carolina’s voice, but she couldn’t understand why, nor could she figure out what Balthazar would want to summon her like this for. He’d never done it before. He’d always just sent someone to get her. She felt her stomach buzzing with nervous energy as she got up to follow Hasan out of the harem.



“I can escort her from here,” Salaman said to Hasan when they had made it to the gate of the harem. He held his wrinkled arm out for Alex to take. Hasan turned away from the old demon without a word, leaving Alexandra with him. A toothy grin spread across Salaman’s face as Alex wrapped her hand around his arm. He led her through the gardens that sat in the middle of the palace with the harem quarters on one side, and Balthazar’s private quarters on the other side. 
“You’ve chosen a name for the firebird?” Salaman asked, quirking an eyebrow at her as he gave her a sidelong glance. 
“Peta,” Alex said. “It means gold.”
“How appropriate,” Salaman said, nodding his head. The sunlight shone into his eyes and made them look an opaque white. 
“Do you know why Balthazar summoned me?” Alex asked. Something told her that he did. He seemed to know a lot more than he ever let on. 
“I believe he wishes to organize a training session with you,” Salaman said. 
“Oh,” Alex said. She didn’t know why that disappointed her. It was a logical reason for him to summon her. She was just expecting something more than that. She had to remind herself that he needed her to help him. That was why she was here. 
“Don’t sound so down, dear,” Salaman said, patting her on the hand. “The young Lord has designs on you, don’t you worry about that. He’s just been in a rather unique position as of late.”
Alex blushed at his words. She didn’t know what to say. She was excited and embarrassed all at the same time. 
“Although,” Salaman said, his eyes narrowing as he looked up in thought and his voice suddenly filled with concern. “I do wonder what that will mean for you both in the near future.”
“What do you mean?” Alex asked. 
“Your powers are developing faster than I would have expected,” Salaman said. “The smell of it on you grows every time I see you. You’ll be able to return home before too long. Especially if you train hard enough.”
“That’s great news,” Alex said, her eyes popping open in excitement. 
“Mhmm,” Salaman said, nodding his head slowly. He stroked at his beard with his free hand. “But, I’m afraid Lord Balthazar won’t be able to follow you when you do return home.”
The realization hit Alex like a sledgehammer to the face. Of course he wouldn’t be following her. He had his own kingdom that he was worried about. He wouldn’t, nor would she ever ask him to, leave it for her. For the first time since she woke up here, she felt like maybe she didn’t want to go home. It was a silly thought. She didn’t have a kingdom to rule over, but she did have a life, and she couldn’t throw that away so easily.
“Don’t fret dear,” Salaman said as they came to the gate of Balthazar’s private quarters. “There’s still plenty of time until a decision must be made.”

44


As lavish as the entire palace complex was, it paled in comparison to the splendor that met Alexandra’s eyes when Balthazar led her into the building that was part of his private quarters. The carved wood ceiling sat high above her supported by vaulted columns. Only a few candles lighted the windowless space, but the flames bounced off the white marble and gold friezes that ran around the perimeter and lit the area enough for Alex to see. Balthazar’s bare back was turned to her as he walked to the far side of the room. He stopped to look at one of the relief pictures that was hammered into pure gold. It was a demon in a very authoritative pose. The detail of it was exquisite and Alex could make out every nuance of the demon’s features. He looked like an older version of Balthazar, except his nose was a little more crooked. She thought she recognized him, but then again it was probably just because he looked so much like Balthazar. There was such a serene look on his face.
“My father,” Balthazar said pointing to the demon. Alex could hear the sadness in his voice. He didn’t need to tell her that he missed him. She understood perfectly how he felt.
“You look very much like him,” Alex said. She wanted to reach out and touch him, to run her hand down his back and comfort him in some way, but she was too nervous to do that.
“He was truly great,” Balthazar said, turning finally to Alex. “As were all the Lord Sultans before him.”
Balthazar held his hand out to Alex and she placed her smaller hand in his. Despite the chill of the room, a blush heated Alexandra’s cheeks. Balthazar marveled at the way the color spread from her cheek all the way down her slender neck. Blushing was a curious phenomenon that didn’t occur in demons. Balthazar assumed it was a symptom of anxiety, as the smell of uncertainty permeated the air in her scent.
“Don’t be afraid of me,” Balthazar said softly. It was a foul smell that didn’t blend well with her pure scent. He gently pulled her a little closer to him.
“I’m not afraid,” Alex said, shaking her head. She couldn’t look up at him. She was concentrating on suppressing the arousal that was so close to erupting. 
“I can smell your anxiety, girl,” Balthazar said. He ducked his head down a little, trying to look her in the eyes.
“Dang it,” Alex said taking her hand away from Balthazar’s, “that’s not fair. My emotions are supposed to be private.”
“It’s not like I can help it,” Balthazar said, smirking as he picked up her hand again. 
“I’m not afraid,” Alex said, letting him lace his fingers with hers. “I’m just…nervous.”
“Come, I want to share something with you,” Balthazar said.
He led her around the hall and paused at a few friezes that Alex appeared to be interested in. They came to a stop just before the last solid gold plate. Alex felt the nag of recognition as she gazed into the gilded face of one of Balthazar’s ancestor.
“Who’s that?” Alex asked, trying to remember where she had seen him.
“This is my grandsire,” Balthazar said.  “He disappeared a centuries before I was born. My father spent much of his life searching for him.”
Alex stared at the face. He didn’t look a lot like Balthazar, but she knew she had seen him somewhere. She just couldn’t place where.
“Come,” Balthazar said, gesturing for her to follow him through a small door off the main chamber. 
Alex stepped through the door and into a large room lined with shelves up to the ceiling and stacked with rolled parchment scrolls. Balthazar removed several scrolls from a section of shelf just beside the door. He reached to the back of the shelf and pulled on a switch that opened a hidden square door on the far side of the room. 
Alex looked at him in surprise. The expression on his face was the sweetest thing she had ever seen. He was sharing a secret with her and there was a smile shining through his eyes as he looked back at her. 
Balthazar crouched through the square doorway and motioned for Alex to follow him. She did happily, excited to see what was in his secret room. Balthazar lit a candle and set it on the table so Alex could see in the room. It was a small space with only enough room for two seating cushions, a small table and a bookshelf on one wall. There were scrolls and peculiar objects on the little bookshelf that Alex wanted to study. 
“My father would bring me here every year on the eve of my birth,” Balthazar said, turning to Alexandra. “We would spend the evening in here and he would tell me the tales of my predecessors, and how one day I would surpass them all. This is the first eve that he will not do so.”
Alex felt the pain behind his words. He would probably never say so, but she could tell he missed his father deeply. He sat down on one of the cushions and motioned for her to sit on the other one next to him. They were so close that their legs touched when she sat down. He looked down at her and the look in his eyes nearly made her stop breathing.
“Will you spend the evening with me here?” he asked, his voice soft as he picked up her hand again. “I would rather not spend it alone.”
Her heart skipped a beat. How could she say no to him, even if she wanted to? More importantly, if she allowed herself to fall for him, how could she ever go back home?

45


“My lady,” Bashir, Carolina’s most trusted eunuch, barged into her apartments panting lightly and interrupting her breakfast. He was older than her by about a century, but he had retained his boyish looks; a side effect of the castration process eunuchs went through.
“Shhh,” Carolina silenced him, pressing a finger to her lips then pointing to the bed. “Alexandra is asleep.”
“My lady,” Bashir said again in a whisper as he bowed apologetically, “Lord Balthazar has entered the harem.”
“Has he now?” Carolina said, the corners of her lips pulling upward. She glanced over to Alexandra who was sleeping peacefully in the middle of the bed. Her naked body was covered with a pale pink silk sheet, just translucent enough to show her curves as the fabric clung to her skin. She'd spent a late night with Balthazar, and Carolina was once again disappointed when she returned still a girl. Her son was taking his time with this one. He must like her even more than Carolina originally thought. Perhaps she should give the two a little time alone this morning.
“Come, Bashir. I want to go for a walk in the gardens,” Carolina said, rising from her seat and dabbing at the corners of her lips with a napkin. “You'll escort me.”
“But, my lady,” Bashir said, shifting nervously, “You cannot leave your apartment if the Lord Sultan enters the harem. If he wishes to speak with you and you are not to be found–“
“There's only one reason a Lord Sultan will enter his Harem,” Carolina said as she made her way to the door, “and that is certainly not to see his mother.”
It wasn’t long before Balthazar found his way into the luxurious rooms of his mother’s apartments.  It had been many, many years since he had spent time here. He remembered playing in the large audience hall of the apartment when he was just a child.
“Mother,” Balthazar called out when he didn't see anyone. His voice echoed off the marble and he got no response. He walked into the bedchamber and stopped in the doorway as his mind was numbed with a sudden rush of desire. Alexandra was alone in the large feather stuffed bed, barely covered by the silk sheet. 
They had spent the previous evening together and his feelings for her had only deepened as she happily listened to him tell her stories from his childhood. Just her being there with him had replaced the sadness he thought he would feel in his father's absence, with a feeling of contentment that he didn't even know existed in him. He'd wanted to take her into his bedchamber that night and spend the rest of the darkness wrapped up in her arms, but she insisted on returning to his mother's apartment. He had come to the harem this morning to assign her an apartment of her own so that he could hopefully spend more time with her alone.
Balthazar made his way over to the bed, pulling on the ties of his shirt. The silk fabric slid easily off his shoulders and fell to the floor. Alex huffed and turned over in her sleep. The sheet was caught beneath her and pulled down to reveal one creamy white breast. Balthazar nearly lost his mind with desire. He couldn't hold back any longer. He'd wanted her for so long, been denied the pleasure of touching her for too long.
Alex woke when she felt the mattress shifting around her. She was surprised to see Balthazar crawling over the bed towards her, the muscles of his shoulders twitching as he moved. It was one of the sexiest things she'd ever seen. He looked like a lion stalking his prey and the hungry gleam of desire in his eyes was unmistakable. 
“Balthazar,” Alex said, sitting up on her elbows. She realized suddenly that she was only half covered with the sheet and she wrapped a hand across her chest as her cheeks blushed heavily.  Balthazar was instantly beside her with a smirk on his lips as he reached out for her wrist. She was caught in a daze as he gently pulled her hand away so that he could see her body. Her blush deepened but she didn't stop him. She sank back into the mattress and watched him with mild trepidation as his hand slid across her arm and wrapped around one of her breasts. His touch was gentle but firm as he felt her body, moving his own closer to hers so that his chest molded to her side. His thumb flicked across her nipple and she gasped at how good it felt. His smirk broadened into a smile as he bent his neck to capture her lips. Any thoughts she had flew out of her mind as pure, hot pleasure washed over her.
The smell of her arousal clouded everything else out. It was so intense that it had his beast scratching at its cage. He could feel her moving against him as he kissed down her neck to her collarbone. She shivered and sighed, making his body tense and harden. He took one of her nipples into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it. She gasped and arched her back into his touch as her arousal continued to grow. He lifted himself up and moved so that he was hovering on top of her. His hand trailed down her body, bringing the sheet with it as his lips found hers again. He was ready to make her into a woman, and make her his Sultana.
His chest shook with a thick rumble of desire and it made Alexandra's whole body vibrate as he settled over her. His flesh was pressed against her exposed abdomen and her bare breasts were forced into his chest with every gasping breath she took. It was just too much. Every touch sent a wave of electricity through her and made her brain stop working. She knew where this was going, and she knew she had to stop him before he took things too far, but she just couldn't make her body work. She was compliant with his every touch and kiss. She weakly tried to push away from him, but he held her body tightly to his.
“Why do you deny me, girl?” he asked, his voice was more husky than angry. "Your arousal is intense. You're ready."
“It's...I,” Alex tried to speak but the words only came out as shaky breaths.
“Alexandra,” he said her name tenderly as he cupped her cheek and searched her face. "It's alright. I'll be gentle."
Alex tried to speak again but Balthazar brought his lips down on hers. His tongue pushed into her mouth and fought with hers. Alex turned her head away from his with a small whimper. She wanted to resist, but Balthazar’s every touch was absolutely incredible. He assaulted her exposed neck with kisses, nipping softly at her skin with his teeth and sending chills racing through her. She fought with herself to refuse his attentions, but her traitorous body quivered under his touch. Heat pooled between her thighs. Alex tried to stifle the sensations, but it was no use. He was just too much for her to resist. 
Balthazar wrapped a hand firmly around her thigh and shifted her slightly so that he could position himself between her legs. His desire hardened to a painful extent as he grabbed her hips and ground himself against her. His body ached for her and the sweet smell of her arousal pushed him on.
Alex felt her skin burning around her bones. Every touch sent pulsating waves of desire through her. She had to stop this. She could feel him rubbing against her, only the thin material of his pants keeping them apart. She half-heartedly tried to push against his chest but it was like pushing on a wall. Every inch of him was solid muscle, hardened and ready to take her.
Balthazar kissed her lips gently as he tried to coax her to relax. He wanted her to open to him, to enjoy the pleasure he was trying to give her.
“Balthazar,” she managed to choke out, barely louder than a whisper. “Please stop. I can't...”  
Balthazar stopped immediately and looked down at her with confusion. Her long, shiny black hair spilled out onto the silk behind her. Her lips were plump and slightly wet from his kisses. She had a dark blush staining her round cheeks and her striking green eyes were wide with the fear of her inexperience. He could smell her arousal and sense the desire in her aura. He didn't understand why she wanted him to stop.
"What's wrong?" he asked, looking down her body to see if he had accidentally injured her. He was much stronger than her and her body was much more frail than a demons. Perhaps he had hurt her without meaning to.
"I just..." Alex looked away from him. She didn't know why she was so embarrassed. "I'm just not ready to..."
Balthazar sighed and rolled off her. She felt suddenly cold as his body left hers. He slowly rose off the bed, adjusting his painful erection as he stood up. Alex turned to watch him as he picked up his shirt from off the floor.  
“Cover yourself, girl,” he said, tossing the garment to her and stalking out of the room. He had to go find a way to relieve some frustration.

46


Balthazar had summoned Alex a short while after he left so she could begin practicing and training to use her abilities. He was anxious for her to help him, but the thought made Alex more than a little sad. After this morning, it would be even harder for her to leave him when she was ready to go home.
Alex sat beside Tavi in Balthazar's office, trying to suppress the butterflies that were fluttering in her stomach. Balthazar sat on the other side of his desk, barely looking at her. She wondered if he was mad at her for pushing him away this morning. She couldn't think about it too much, or she knew the two demons in the room would smell her arousal. That's the last thing she wanted. 
“Calm your aura,” Tavi said, breaking the uncomfortable silence. “When Lord Balthazar starts to release his beast, it will be unsafe for you to be so anxious. It will sense it.”
“I don’t know how to do that,” Alex said, biting her lip as she looked up at Tavi.
“Just...try,” Tavi said. His usual carefree happy demeanor was absent and Alex knew it was because what had happened with the Delshad sisters. 
“You'll be fine,” Balthazar said, hoping to calm her anxiety. “Tavi is here in case I get out of control.”
“I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to do,” Alex said. She twisted her hands nervously in her lap. “What if something goes horribly wrong?”
“Like what?” Balthazar asked, his eyes finally looking at her. She was relieved when she didn't see anger in them. “The worst that can happen is I lose control. If Tavi gets hurt holding me back, you can always heal him.”
“Right,” Alex said, taking in a deep breath. She wasn't as confident in her abilities as these two were. 
“I'm going to start to release it,” Balthazar said. “Try to reach out and feel my aura.”
“Shouldn't your Lord Enchanter be here?” Alex asked, looking from Balthazar to Tavi. She didn't feel like she was ready to do this.
“No,” Tavi said. “His magic could interfere with yours. We want you to use yours on your own.”
“I've consulted with him on this,” Balthazar said. “Trust me. You'll be fine. Just do what I tell you.”
Alex nodded and took another deep breath. Balthazar allowed the darkness that lurked within him to slowly come to the surface. The power in his aura rose sharply, drifting around the room and making Tavi extremely uncomfortable. His power was absolutely immense, and even though Tavi was his brother he was nowhere near as strong as him. No one in the kingdom was.
“Can you feel it?” Tavi asked as he shifted a little in his seat.
Alex shook her head. She took another deep breath, and tried to concentrate on feeling his aura. She had no idea what she was feeling for, and she didn't know how to feel for it. Tavi craned his neck from side to side. It was obvious how uncomfortable he felt. 
Suddenly Alex felt a tingle rushing through her. It was unlike anything she'd ever felt before. Rather than the feeling emanating from within her, the tingle felt like it was encircling her. It was strong, it was uncomfortable, it was almost overpowering. That must be it. Now that she had felt it, she couldn't escape it.
“I think I feel it,” Alex said. She squeezed her eyes shut and tried to focus on the tingling that kissed her skin. She pushed her concentration, trying to draw on what she felt from Balthazar's aura. She could feel the heavy darkness in it, but beneath that she felt something else. She felt something pure and gentle. She tried to concentrate on that. She sifted through the heavy waves of darkness, trying to hold onto the light that was hidden underneath it.
Balthazar felt a small tug on his aura. Whether she realized it or not, Alexandra was stealing his power. His beast raged at the insult, having already been allowed to emerge. Balthazar’s eyes clouded over with a bloody red color and a fierce growl erupted from his throat. The darkness gained control and he lunged at Alexandra, no longer in control of himself. Tavi was taken by surprise at the sudden outburst and was unable to stop him from wrapping his fingers around Alexandra’s throat. She dangled helplessly in his grip, her heart pounding heavily as she choked out a shocked scream.
Tavi appeared behind Balthazar, wrapping his arms around his torso and trying to pull him away from Alexandra. Balthazar reared back, dropping Alex to the ground and turning on Tavi. His clawed fist went through his brother’s torso as he pinned him on the floor. The smell of fresh blood permeated the room, and brought satisfaction to his beast. 
Balthazar struggled with everything he had to cage his darkness. It clawed and scratched at every corner of his brain as he shoved it back in and slammed his mental door shut behind it. Balthazar pulled his bloody fist back from Tavi's torso and backed away. His breaths came out in heavy pants as he leaned against the wall. The red in his eyes slowly began to disappear as he focused on Alexandra. The look on her face hurt him more than any injury he'd ever sustained. She was absolutely terrified of him. She'd seen his beast, felt the darkness of it, and he wouldn't be surprised if she never wanted anything more to do with him.
“Get her out of here,” Balthazar said through his heavy breaths. Tavi picked himself off the floor, his hand covering the gaping wound in his midsection, and led a terrified Alex from the room. Once they were gone, Balthazar sank into the cushion behind his desk as he tried to compose himself. Learning to control and harness the power of his beast was going to be a lot more trouble than he thought. He rubbed at his chest. There was an odd aching inside of him that he couldn't pinpoint. It was as if his beast had tried to rip its way out of his body. He felt a trickle of blood coming down his lip and he wiped at it with his fingers. Perhaps the failed attempt at controlling his beast had done some internal damage. He'd need to be more careful in the future.

47


The morning light filtered into the high window of Alexandra's new apartment and roused her from her sleep. It was a beautiful apartment, almost as big as Lady Carolina's, but there weren’t any furnishings in it aside from the large bed that she was lying in. Carolina told her there would be plenty of time for them to pick out new furniture for her together. Alexandra stepped out onto her private balcony and inhaled the crisp morning breeze as she surveyed the gardens below. It was a tropical paradise here and she had to keep reminding herself that this was real life and not a dream.
Alex had never felt so conflicted in all her life. She wanted Balthazar more than she had ever wanted anything. Her bones ached to be near him and when he looked at her with passion in his eyes, everything else disappeared. But she couldn't imagine her actually having a life here in this world. She missed her friends, her home, her entire world that she had spent eighteen years building. If she gave into her desires for Balthazar, she didn't know what that would mean for her. She didn't even know what she meant to him. Was she just a passing fancy? It was obvious that Lord Sultans around here took multiple wives, and she didn't want any part of that. No, it was just better all the way around if she helped Balthazar and then went home. It would be hard to forget about him, and she was certain she would never find another man that made her feel the way he did, but it was what was best.
Lost in her thoughts, Alex didn’t hear someone entering her apartment. A cold hand on her shoulder pulled her from her thoughts and made her turn around with a start. Hasan's cold gray eyes stared back at her.
He held his hand out and presented her with a rolled piece of parchment. This time she recognized it as a summons from Balthazar. Her stomach did flips, knowing that she would see him again. 
Alex nodded her understanding at Hasan, who turned and began to lead her out of the harem. Alex couldn’t help but feel sorry for the castrated demon. Sure, he had gone against Balthazar, but that really didn’t deserve such a cruel punishment in Alexandra’s opinion. She tried to block out the fact that Balthazar could be very cruel. She wanted to forget the darkness that she had felt inside him the last time she was with him. Instead, she wanted to focus on the goodness, the lightness that she had felt. That was the part of him that was dominant, she knew it was, and that was the part that she was falling in love with. 
“I’m sorry,” Alex blurted out. She was as surprised as Hasan by those words. He stopped and turned to look at her with confusion in his eyes. 
“I mean…,” Alex shrugged. “I’m sorry about what happened to you.”
Hasan’s gaze was piercing. Alex couldn't tell what he was thinking or feeling. She had meant it to be compassionate, but it didn't come out that way and judging by the way he glared at her, he wasn't taking it that way. He turned away from her and began to once more lead her through the maze of the harem quarters. When they reached the gate they found a fat little demon waiting for them.
“Ah,” Jahan said, his voice sounding strangely familiar, “Lady Alexandra. The Lord Sultan wishes to see you. If you would please follow me, I will take you to him.”
The feeling of familiarity gnawed at Alex. Something wasn’t quite right about this demon. She tried to reach out and feel his aura, like she had felt Balthazar's, but she couldn't. She didn't know if he just didn't have one, or if she just couldn't feel it. 
Jahan led her through the garden at a fast pace that seemed unusual for his size. After a rather long trek through the garden, they turned a corner on the path and a field came in to view. Thousands of butterflies fluttered around colorful blooms of wildflowers. The sight stopped Alex in her tracks. She wanted to run out into the field and plop down on her back with her arms spread out wide. 
“It’s so beautiful,” Alex said with a gasp, turning to look at Jahan. There was a strange twinkle in his eyes and they suddenly changed color, turning a sickening shade of yellow. The same yellow as Raza, and as Baal. Alexandra took a step back as fear gripped her.
 “How—“
Baal moved quickly, his true form emerging from the mass that was previously Jahan, and grabbed her roughly from behind. He pinned her to his chest with a strong arm as he bent to whisper in her ear.
“Magic,” he hissed as he clamped a hand over her mouth, preventing her from calling out for help. “You're not the only one that can use it.”



“Where is she?” Balthazar asked as he stormed through Alexandra's apartments. He had planned on sharing breakfast with her before taking her for a stroll through the gardens. Things had been a bit rough on her the past couple days and he wanted to enjoy a relaxing day with her. The growl rumbling in his chest echoed around the soft pink marble of Alexandra’s apartment as he tightened his grip on the throat of the nearest eunuch he could find.
“My lord,” the servant choked out, “She was sent for this morning. It was an official summons.  Lord Jahan escorted her from the gate.”
“Bring him to me,” Balthazar said, tossing the demon half way across the foyer of Alexandra’s apartment. He certainly didn't send a summons for her, but someone had. When he found that person, he would take a special pleasure in punishing him.
In the meantime, he had to find her. There were only so many places she could be. He pinpointed her scent and followed it out into the gardens. Maybe the eunuch was mistaken and she had just gone for a stroll. He hoped that was the case. It didn't take long for the eunuch he had commanded to find Jahan and bring him to Balthazar. 
“You were seen escorting the human girl this morning,” Balthazar said. The chill in his voice sent a terrified tingle down the fat demons spine.
“No, my lord,” Jahan said, shaking his round head. “I've not had the opportunity to meet the human yet.”
“Do not lie to me,” Balthazar said, taking a menacing step closer. He was about to lose it. If something happened to Alexandra, he wouldn't be able to keep himself together. He felt the irritating scratch of his beast and he let a little bit of the dark aura out to float around Jahan.
“It's the truth,” Jahan said, his body starting to shake as he felt the aura of Balthazar's beast surrounding him, “I've been with the Sultana the entire morning. She requested the commission of several new garments for the human girl. You can check with her. She will verify my whereabouts.”
Balthazar would indeed question his mother to make sure that Jahan wasn't lying. Based on the way he was trembling with fear, Balthazar was inclined to believe him. But that meant there could only be one explanation, and the thought almost made him feel weak. 
“Bring me the Lord Enchanter immediately,” Balthazar said. Jahan hurried off to fetch Arastoo and Balthazar continued following Alexandra's scent through the garden. It was a little hard to pick up outside with so many other smells floating around, but he managed to trace it to one of the far corners of the garden. That was where her scent disappeared completely.
“The scent of magic lingers in the air,” Arastoo said, appearing beside Balthazar in the garden. “Extremely powerful magic, the likes of which I’ve never before encountered.”
A heavy weight settled on his chest. Was it possible that Alexandra had used her powers to go home? He certainly wouldn't blame her after he'd attacked her in his beast state. He didn't want to believe that's what happened, but there wasn't much else that could explain the powerful magic.
“Can you determine the source?” Balthazar asked.
“No,” Arastoo said, shaking his head. “However, I might be able to give you a way to track it.”
“You think someone took her?” Balthazar asked. He felt a growl bubbling in his throat. There were a few possibilities of who could have taken her, and none of them were very promising for her safe return.
“This magic,” he said, his nose sniffing at the air. “It's duplication magic. Someone was pretending to be someone else. They probably lured her here so they would have an easy escape through the back of the palace.”
Arastoo dug in his pocket and pulled out a small black stone with a leather cord tied around it. He held it into the air and swung it in a tight circle around himself while he chanted words that Balthazar couldn't make out. 
“This will allow you to follow the scent of the magic,” Arastoo said, holding out the trinket for Balthazar to take. “It will only last for a few hours before it turns useless. It's the best I can do.”
Balthazar tied the ends of the cord behind his neck and the putrid scent of the powerful magic that had been used to kidnap Alexandra began to hit him in waves. He had only one thing he needed to do before he could go after her. 



Balthazar found Tavi in the training courtyard of the palace barracks. He was practicing his fighting technique with another demon. When Tavi noticed the distress in Balthazar's aura he motioned for the other demon to leave.
“Alexandra is gone,” Balthazar said once they were alone. The pain in his voice was evident.
“Gone?” Tavi asked, as he grabbed a towel and wiped the sweat off his face.
“Kidnapped,” Balthazar said, a growl echoing his words. “I have to go after her.”
“Kidnapped by who?” Tavi said, standing up straighter. “I'm coming with you.”
“I don't know who,” Balthazar said, “but I need you to stay here.”
“That's not a good idea,” Tavi said, shaking his head “If you don't know who—“
“I need you here, brother,” Balthazar said. “Prepare for a fight. It's going to come whether I'm here or not.”
Tavi knew what Balthazar was saying. There was a good possibility that he wouldn't return from this. They were already on the brink of war, and if Balthazar disappeared then Lord Krishna wouldn't hesitate to swoop in and destroy them. 
“I will,” Tavi said, nodding his understanding. 
Balthazar laid a heavy hand on Tavi’s shoulder. This could well be the last time they saw each other, and they both let the moment sink heavily into their conscience.

48


Balthazar was able to follow the scent of magic through the small town that surrounded the palace and out into the countryside of Devas, but the further he got from the palace the harder it became to follow. The scent was beginning to wane and the amulet wouldn’t last for much longer. He pushed himself as fast as his power would allow him, trying to close the distance between him and Alexandra’s kidnapper.
He eventually had to rest for a moment to catch his breath. Leaning his bare back against a tree trunk, he glanced down at the amulet that hung around his neck. The foul smell of the magic was all he had scented for the past few hours and he needed a rest from it. He removed the necklace and inhaled the sweetness of the cool night air as he leaned his head back against the tree. He didn’t plan on resting for very long, just long enough to catch his breath.
Balthazar’s nose twitched as the wind picked up, carrying with it all the smells for miles around. He picked his head up as an unmistakable scent filled his nose. Rain was coming. This seriously complicated his situation. The Devasi sense of smell was extremely powerful, but the presence of a natural water flow like rain nullified that power. It also made them physically weak. He would have to outrun the rains or he’d be useless when he found Alex. He would have liked a few moments more of rest, but he just didn’t have that. The rains would be here soon. He tied the amulet back around his neck and continued to follow the horrid smell of the powerful magic, pushing himself even harder to outrun the coming storms.
Unfortunately, the rains were moving unnaturally fast. It wasn’t long before he felt a heavy wet drop splash on the bridge of his nose. Even as the sky opened up above him and the rains began to drench him, Balthazar attempted to follow the scent as far as he could. He eventually lost all ability to smell as the rain cloaked him in a thick wet sheet.
Balthazar stopped in a grassy field. The deep green color of the dying grass brought to mind the wide, always curious eyes of Alexandra. A jolt of pain twisted its way through his chest at the thought of losing her. He would not give up. He would find her and bring her safely back to Devas. To his harem.
Balthazar strained his eyes into the distance. Storm clouds were all he could see in all directions. He hadn’t gone that far into the rains, and he should be able to see where they let up. It didn’t make sense. There was something unnatural about these rains. 
He could feel himself growing weaker by the second and he knew it wouldn’t be long until he passed out entirely. If he didn’t find shelter soon he’d be in a lot of trouble. He turned around, looking for an escape from the rains and came face to face with a white haired demon. 
“We should get out of this rain,” Ashdad said, a crooked smile on his face. Balthazar narrowed his eyes, a weak growl rumbling in his chest. He didn’t recognize this demon, or where he was from, and that troubled him greatly.
“Who are you?” Balthazar demanded. Without his sense of smell he was unable to tell anything about the demon.
“You’re trying to save the girl,” Ashdad said, ignoring Balthazar’s question. “I’m a friend.”
“Who are you?” Balthazar demanded again, his words slow and measured as his eyes searched the white haired demon before him. A hint of recognition flashed in his mind, but it was gone as quick as it came.
“I’m a friend,” Ashdad said again, placing a hand on Balthazar’s shoulder. “I can get us out of this rain. You should come with me.”
Ashdad turned away without another word and disappeared. Balthazar weighed his options. He didn’t have many. He wouldn’t be able to help Alex if he stayed in this rain, but he had no idea who this demon was and he certainly didn’t trust him. In the end, it didn’t matter if he trusted him or not, he had to get out of this rain. He would worry about everything else once his strength returned.
Balthazar was able to follow Ashdad to a small cave, but using his speed drained the last bits of his strength. His senses were so disoriented he could barely see straight as he made his way into the cave.
“This is your way out of the rain, old man?” Balthazar grumbled as he tried to shake water off his skin. “I don’t have time to wait this out. I need a way around it.”
“There’s no way around it, boy,” Ashdad said, his tone weary. “They won’t be able to keep this up much longer. There are limits to their powers.”
“Who are they?” Balthazar asked, his strength beginning to return as he shook the water off him. “And who are you?”
“They are the Magi,” Ashdad said. He wiped a hand down his face. “I thought Sami would be able to protect Alexandra from them. It’s the only reason I sent her here.”
“How do you know my father?” Balthazar said, stepping closer to the demon. He was trying to smell this demons scent so that he could read him. “And how do you know Alexandra.” 
“Sami was my son,” Ashdad said, his grey eyes piercing through Balthazar. “And Alexandra was entrusted to my protection.”
Balthazar was stunned, unable to process what Ashdad said. He just stared blankly at him, trying to understand. He knew it was true. He recognized him now from the friezes in his private quarters. 
“Lord Sultan Ashdad,” Balthazar said, his voice almost awed. “The Royal Records say you disappeared centuries ago. My father searched most of his lifetime for you.”
“I made stupid mistakes,” Ashdad said, his eyes looking towards the ground. “I’ve spent the rest of my life trying to correct them.”
“Where have you been?” Balthazar asked. The two demons made themselves more comfortable, sitting down with their backs against the cave wall.
“I’ve been in the human world,” Ashdad said.  His appearance shifted as he spoke. Balthazar’s eyes grew wide as the demon before him changed into a human.



“Take the human to the Magi,” Aelek said to Baal. They had met just outside the border of the heavy rains that the Magi had created. 
“I don’t take orders from you,” Baal scoffed, a short laugh sticking in his throat. His grip on Alexandra tightened. He’d suffocated the girl just enough to put her to sleep. He couldn’t handle her incessant babbling about how Balthazar was going to come for him. “I have what I want, and I have no intention of giving her over to anyone.”
“Lord Baal,” Aelek said, trying to suppress his annoyance. He’d had just about enough of the demon. It wouldn’t be much longer and he could do away with him. “The young Lord Sultan will most certainly be coming after her. We don’t want him catching up.”
“Let the boy come,” Baal said, his voice rising. “I’ll take my revenge on him as well.”
“No,” Aelek said sharply, “He causes too much trouble for us. Look, I don’t really care about him, but the Magi seem to think he can cause us problems, so until they’ve finished with the girl it’s better to avoid him.”
Aelek reached into his pocket and pulled out a small vial of thick blue liquid. He tossed it to Baal.
“Drink that,” he said, “It will hide your presence from Balthazar until you reach the Magi. Get the girl to them as quickly as possible.”

49


“You’re able to shift your form,” Balthazar said, as he gazed in astonishment at his estranged grandsire. He looked him over, not fully believing what he was seeing. 
“I’ve spent many centuries with the humans,” Ashdad said, stabbing at the growing embers of the fire he had made to help dry them, “and I’ve learned a thing or two.”
Balthazar had a bitter conflict in his heart sitting next to Ashdad. Most would consider it a joyous occasion to be reacquainted with a missing relative, especially one as close as a grandsire. But for Balthazar it only complicated things. There could only be one Lord Sultan of Devas and he would reign until his death. Ashdad, being still alive, was the rightful Lord Sultan. Though it put Balthazar in an awkward position, it could also be better for the kingdom as a whole.
“You know who has taken Alexandra?” Balthazar asked. He was anxious to get to her. The rains were starting to let up and they would be able to leave the cave soon.
“I do,” Ashdad said, with a sigh. “I thought sending her here would keep her away from them, but I didn’t know that Sami was dead. Now we must hope to reach her in time.”
“In time for what?” Balthazar said, growing even more worried. “Who has taken her?”
“She is special, you know?” Ashdad said. He set down the stick he was using to stoke the fire.
“Of course she’s special, she’s a human,” Balthazar said. He sat up and put his hands on his knees. He was getting irritated that he wasn’t getting more productive answers.
“She is more than just a human,” Ashdad said. “A normal human has only a fraction of the power she has.”
“She’s only just begun to access her powers,” Balthazar said.
“Yes,” Ashdad said. “That’s why the Magi have taken her now. They need her blood to be powerful, but not too powerful that she can fight them off.”
“I’ve never heard of the Magi,” Balthazar said. “Why would they need her blood?”
“They are creatures not of our world,” Ashdad said.  “They were trapped here by the humans when they severed their connection with our world.”
“Her blood,” Ashdad continued, “ when given freely, is the only thing that can raise their Master, the Ancient one they serve.”
“She’s defiant,” Balthazar said, for once happy that she was, “she won’t give anything freely.”
“They are very persuasive,” Ashdad said, lifting his eyebrows at Balthazar.
“I need to get to her,” Balthazar said, his jaw tensing as he looked outside the cave. It was still raining. 
“You won’t be able to do anything with the rains falling like they are,” Ashdad said. He stood up. “I’ll go. The rains won’t affect me in my human form.”
“No,” Balthazar said. He tried to stand, but his full strength still hadn’t returned and he was forced back down with a light head. Ashdad rested a hand on his shoulder.
“She is my responsibility to protect,” Ashdad said. “If I can’t save her, you certainly can’t. I’ll find her. You wait here until the rains stop.”
Balthazar didn’t have much of a choice. He couldn’t leave the cave, no matter how bad he wanted to. He would just have to wait it out and hope that Ashdad would get to her in time to stop whatever it was the Magi had planned to do with her. His shoulders slumped forward as he nodded for Ashdad to go.
“Hurry,” he said. “Save her.”



The rains finally stopped and Balthazar flew out of the cave to search for Alexandra. Unfortunately, he had no idea where to go. All trace of the magic used to kidnap Alexandra was washed away with the rain.
The wind blew softly around him and Balthazar’s nose caught a very familiar scent. It was Baal, and he was close by. He didn’t know if Alexandra would be with him, but it was the only lead he had to follow. It didn’t take Balthazar long to find him, and much to his relief Alex was unharmed. She was unconscious and tied to a tree, but she appeared otherwise just fine. Balthazar saw no trace of Ashdad and that concerned him greatly. If he was supposed to be finding Alexandra, how was he not here by now? Balthazar certainly could have used his help against Baal.
“I was wondering if you were going to make it,” Baal said standing from the spot beside Alexandra where he had been sitting. He’d never been the type of demon to take orders from someone beneath him, and Aelek wasn’t going to change that. He had no intention whatsoever of giving the girl over to anyone, especially if she was going to lure Balthazar to him as well.
The two demons sized each other up, inching closer and closer together. Balthazar was the first to strike out. Baal anticipated his movement and easily leaned out of range. He turned his body slightly and brought the heel of his foot into Balthazar’s gut. The young demon fell to his knees. Baal was on top of him in an instant, grabbing him in a chokehold. Balthazar slammed his elbow into Baal’s chin and the older demon staggered back.
Balthazar leapt to his feet. Turning on Baal he struck out again but the old demon was once again faster than him. A clawed fist ripped through Balthazar’s abdomen. A fierce growl tore through his chest at the pain, snapping Alex to back consciousness.
“Balthazar,” Alex screamed, her voice cracking as she saw the bloody hole left by Baal’s fist. Balthazar fell to his knees, catching himself with his hands. His eyes snapped up to Alex.
“Good, you’re awake,” Baal said, flexing his hands into fists. “Don’t worry, I’ll leave him alive just long enough to watch as I rip you apart.”
Balthazar watched as the fear washed over Alexandra’s face. The stale stench of it reached his nostrils. He had many reasons to defeat Baal, but the one that seemed to matter most at that moment was Alexandra. He had to save her, no matter what the cost. Even if it meant losing his own life, the only thing he cared about in that second was saving her.
Balthazar’s eyes began to burn. His pulse quickened drastically. He could feel the scratch of his inner beast. It ached to be set free. It taunted Balthazar, whispering for him to free it. His beast could beat Baal. His beast could save her.
Alexandra watched in horror. Her mind raced as she struggled against the rope holding her to the tree. She had to do something. She refused to sit by and watch as Baal killed Balthazar. Taking a heavy breath to calm herself, she reached out for the tingle of Balthazar’s aura. She could feel the rage behind it, the blood thirst, and she knew that was his beast. She had to help him control it. The beast was a dark force that could give his power the raw boost it needed to defeat Baal. Instead of trying to push through that dark force as she had done the last time, she embraced it. She imagined wrapping her arms around it and holding it close to her. 
Balthazar growled as he flew towards Baal, his claws extended and ready to tear into flesh. His eyes clouded over to solid red, and he moved with an increased speed brought on by his loss of control. He snarled as his claws dug into the chest of the old demon. His other hand dug into his neck. Baal’s eyes were wide as Balthazar’s beast ripped his head clean off his body. Blood dripped from Balthazar’s claws as his chest heaved with every gasping breath. 
His bloodied eyes fell on Alex. Before she could blink he was before her. The feel of his aura grew fiercer as he barred his fangs at Alex, but he hesitated. She could feel the turmoil behind the tingle that touched every inch of skin on her body. He was trying to fight his beast. Trying to fight the urge to tear her to pieces. He had given it control to kill Baal, but now the beast wanted her dead.
“Don’t fight it,” Alex said, in a rush of breath. Somehow she just knew that if he let go, everything would be alright. She knew that he could control it, but he had to let it take over completely to do it. “Let it take over.”
He looked confused for a moment, but then his shoulders relaxed. His eyes closed and his jaw clenched. Alex could feel him allowing his beast to take over the last bit of control he was holding onto. She continued to wrap her aura around his, holding him steady. Finally, Balthazar opened his eyes. The crimson color was gone and the usual gray blue was left behind. Balthazar reached out for her and sliced through the rope that held her tightly to the tree. He pulled her body into his before he fell to the ground, the gaping hole in his torso bleeding profusely.

50


“Wake up,” Alexandra said softly as the tears streamed down her dirty cheeks. She'd already tried to heal Balthazar's wound, but it wasn't working. She felt completely drained and she didn't even know how she had healed him the last time. 
“Balthazar, please,” she said, leaning in close to him. She had managed to put his head in her lap, but blood was steadily oozing from the gaping hole in his midsection and she didn't know what to do about it. She shook his body gently, trying to wake him up. She knew he healed fast, but it didn't look like the bleeding was stopping. His face was so pale and there was blood everywhere. She couldn't tell which of it was his and which was Baal's. She refused to turn her eyes towards the headless corps of the demon that had kidnapped her. She didn't know what the hell he was planning, and she was thankful that Balthazar had killed him, but she didn't want to see the gruesomeness of his death. Balthazar coughed, spewing little speckles of blood into the air as his eyes suddenly popped open.
“Stay awake,” she said grabbing his face in her hands, “Please be ok.”
He lifted a bloody hand to hers, wrapping his fingers around her wrist as his eyes looked up into hers.
“I'll be fine,” Balthazar groaned, “I can heal, but we need to find somewhere to rest.”
Balthazar struggled to pick himself off the ground, but he was weaker than he thought and he stumbled a little. Alex tried to help him but he pushed her gently off.
“I tried to heal you, but it wouldn't work,” Alexandra said, watching as he struggled to stand.
“Be quiet, girl,” he said, as he reached around her slender waist and pulled her tightly into his chest. He had a smirk on his lips and Alex had never been so happy to hear him call her 'girl'. At least he was keeping his twisted sense of humor during this. She relaxed a little, knowing that he would eventually be alright. She felt the nauseating sensation of moving in Balthazar’s demonic speed. When they stopped Alex could feel Balthazar fall to the ground next to her, but she couldn't see anything. They were in complete darkness.
“Balthazar,” she called out, straining her eyes to see through the darkness. Her voice echoed around her, but he didn't reply. She groped around in the darkness, trying to find him. Her hands touched something very hard, very cold, and very wet. Her mind couldn't fathom what it was but she continued to pat the ground around her feet until she felt the warm skin of Balthazar's body. She crouched down low next to him and sat on the ground. He was out cold again.
Her eyes began to adjust to the darkness and she could see that they were in a cave. They were fairly deep inside, and judging by the rushing sound of water in the distance, they were behind a waterfall. She looked at the crumpled body next to her with a heavy heart. He'd said that he would be fine, that he would heal, and she sorely hoped he was right. For now all she could do was wait for him to regain consciousness.
Alex felt her way to the mouth of the cave as the pounding rush of the waterfall threatened to drown out her thoughts. She tore a small swatch off her dirt-smeared robe and rinsed it off in the waterfall. She made several trips back and forth from Balthazar to the waterfall, each time using the wet fabric to wash away a little more blood. 
Finally, it was all gone, save for the fresh blood that was still oozing from Balthazar’s torso. She tore off several more pieces of her robe, and tried as best she could to stymie the flow of blood by bandaging his midsection. The chill in the cave ate through to her bones and she curled up next to Balthazar, trying to get warm. It wasn’t long before she was fast asleep, the hope in her mind that when she woke up he would be healed.



Balthazar woke next to Alex. His wounds were again miraculously healed and he felt better than he had in a long time. He looked over at her, huddled up next to him. Her torn skirt had ridden high up her leg exposing the round curve of her bottom. The morning sunlight filtered through the water and into the cave, making her porcelain skin glow. He turned his body towards her and wrapped an arm around her waist pulling her closer to him. He was so thankful that she was alive and well and he just wanted to hold her close to him, smother himself in her scent.
Alex was half asleep as she felt Balthazar stir, and she allowed herself to be pliable in his strong arms. She felt something hard pressing against her backside as he planted light, open mouthed kisses down the back of her neck and shoulders. She moaned at the pleasure that ran through her and Balthazar’s chest rumbled in response, vibrating her entire body. 
Balthazar wanted more, so much more of her. Almost losing her had given a new urgency to the desires that he had and he couldn't stop his body from reacting to the closeness of hers. He gently pulled her onto her back and climbed over her, finding a comfortable spot between her legs. Alex looked up at him with hooded eyes.
“Balthazar,” she whispered breathlessly as he kissed her neck, her mind still a little muddled with sleep. “I'm so glad you're alright.”
“You're going to have to learn how to heal me when your awake,” he said with a little chuckle as he lifted his head to look at her. She smiled up at him with relief in her eyes and he felt his chest tightening. His fingers stroked gently at her soft hair. 
“I was so worried about you,” he said, his voice a husky whisper. He hadn't realized just how much she meant to him until he'd almost lost her.
“Me too,” she said. He bent down and captured her lips again. Her hands wound around his torso and slid up his back, holding his body to hers. He deepened the kiss by moving his tongue against hers and she responded by moving her body against his. His hand gripped her thigh and pulled her even closer to him.
He pulled his lips away from hers to trail kisses down her neck as his other hand wrapped around her breast. She arched in to his touch and it encouraged him to continue. Lowering his head, he nipped at her breast through the thin fabric of her tattered robe. He lifted himself onto his knees, and used a claw to carefully slice through the remaining fabric, revealing her shapely form to his eyes. He looked hungrily at the beautiful creature that lay before him. He had never seen anything more incredible in all his years. He hardened painfully.
Balthazar lowered his mouth to her bare skin as a little whimper of anxiety escaped her lips. He teased her a little, prolonging her suspense as he hovered a breath away from her exposed nipple. Her fingers dug into his back, begging him to come closer, to claim her body as his. He felt himself throbbing with desire as he snaked his tongue out to swirl around her hardened nipple. A deep moan erupted from her as he assaulted her with his tongue and lips. His hand continued to roam her body, trailing lower to her hips.
Electricity shot through Alex as the tip of his finger found a spot between her legs that was more sensitive than anywhere else on her body. He flicked at it as he pulled her tighter to him, his hardness pressing against her thigh as she shifted frantically under his attentions. Balthazar rubbed his hips rhythmically against her leg as she fought against the sensations that were attacking her body.
She was fighting to hold back the flood of pleasure that he was bringing to her. Balthazar left a trail of open mouth kisses up her neck, his hot breath tickling her ear.
“Let go, Alexandra,” he whispered, his deep voice husky. “Just enjoy this.”
Her eyes clamped shut as her body shuddered with the overwhelming ecstasy brought about by his well-trained touch. Balthazar’s strong arms held her firmly to him, as her head lolled back and she moaned loudly.
He snaked a hand behind her head, gently tangling his fingers in the hair at the nape of her neck.  He pulled her closer to him and captured her lips with his one last time. Her green eyes slowly opened to look up at him, wide and searching as he adjusted his position over her. 
“I hate to interrupt,” a voice said, cutting into their haze of desire. “But we weren't quite finished with the girl.”
Before either one had time to react, everything went black.

51


A hard slap in the face woke Balthazar. His head swam with the heavy blackness of being unconscious for a long time. He looked up into the burning eyes of a hideously disfigured creature. Then his eyes fell to Alex. Bloody and gagged, she struggled against the tight grip of a demon with pale skin, long black hair, and unmistakable red eyes. It was Aelek, the Lord of the Maracovians. Balthazar’s father had put down an attack from them at the beginning of his reign. Their kingdom had been nearly wiped out. 
“I wouldn’t want you to miss this, demon,” the disfigured creature hissed at him. He wore a heavy cloak that hid most of his body, but the parts that peaked out showed skin that was torn and pock marked. There were around ten others that looked just like him gathered in a circle and the heavy smell of magic rolled off them in thick waves. These must be the Magi Ashdad had spoken about. Balthazar pulled against his bonds, his lips curling in a snarl.
“I will tear you all to pieces,” he growled barring his fangs. He felt his beast start to scratch at its cage. He began to let it out slowly. Seeing Alexandra with a bruise forming over her left eye and blood trailing down her face was about to send him over the edge.
“Settle down, boy,” Ashdad’s voice came from beside him. It was a choked and small. “Don’t waste your strength.”
Balthazar snapped his head over to see him. He was covered in blood. His hands were bound behind his back and he was barely able to hold his head up. So much for him being helpful in any of this. At least now Balthazar knew what had happened to him.
“You will give me what I want,” the Chief Magi said, walking over and pulling the cloth gag from Alexandra’s mouth. 
Alex pulled her lips together in a tight line, her chin rising in spite of the fear and pain that wracked her body. She gathered the spit in her mouth and shot it at the ugly creature with as much force and disdain as she could muster. “I won’t give you a damn thing.”
“Yes, you will,” the Chief Magi said, a smile curling on his lips as he wiped the spit off his face. “Even if we have to torture and kill everyone you love right in front of you, we will get what we want. Hell, I think we would actually enjoy doing it that way.”
“Alex,” a very familiar voice called her name, small and strained. Alexandra’s eyes grew wide as she saw the Magi dragging the emaciated body of her lifelong friend Sam forward.  His face was hollow and pale and there was blood coming from every orifice of his body.
“Sam,” Alex gasped, her heart jumping into her throat. She struggled harder against the demon holding her. 
“Now,” the Chief Magi said, grabbing a handful of Sam’s hair and yanking his head back, “Give me what I want or I start removing body parts. And I won’t be quick about it either. Slow and painful.”
“Alex, just give these things what they want,” Sam said, his voice cracking. His eyes darted around, unable to focus on anything. Seeing him broke her heart.
“Sam,” Alex said again, her eyes welling up at the bloody and broken sight of him, “I can’t…”
“Please, Alex,” Sam cried, his body shaking uncontrollably. He shrieked in pain as the Chief Magi drug a clawed finger across his cheek, leaving a thick trail of blood in its wake. 
“Stop it!” Alex screamed, “Stop hurting him.”
“All you have to do is give me your blood,” the Magi said. There was such a sick smile of pure pleasure on his face as he tortured Sam that it churned Alexandra’s stomach. “Then I’ll stop. It’s not so much to ask, really. Just a little bit of blood. You’ve got plenty of it, I assure you, and we only need such a small amount.” 
“Let him go,” she said as she hung her head in defeat. She couldn’t let Sam get hurt anymore because of her. She didn’t know what the hell they wanted her blood for, but if it meant they wouldn’t torture the people she loved most then she would do it. “I’ll do what you want, just stop hurting him. Take my blood, just let him go.”
“No,” Ashdad cried out as he struggled against the ropes that held him in place. “You can’t do this.”
“Good decision,” the Chief Magi said as he dropped Sam to the ground and stepped over to her. There was satisfaction gleaming in his eyes that made Alex’s stomach drop.
She held her arm out, turning her head so she didn’t have to look at her own surrender. Aelek pulled out a golden dagger from his waistband. The blood colored stone in the hilt glinted in the moonlight. Alex knew that dagger anywhere. It was the same dagger Aunt Tammy had left her. Memories flooded back to her, and she suddenly remembered how she had gotten to this world.
She screamed at the pain as Aelek raked the blade across her wrist. Blood began to spurt out of the cut and the Chief Magi pulled a golden chalice from the folds of his robe to collect it. 
“Alexandra,” Balthazar called to her as he watched helplessly. His eyes began to burn. He felt the itch of his beast, but this time it was different. This time, he knew he could control it. Alexandra had shown him how when he was fighting Baal. Now was the time for him to unleash it.
“Calm yourself, boy,” Ashdad said, his voice rising forcefully next to him. “There’s nothing you can do to save her. Nothing can be done to save any of us now.”
“Yes there is,” Balthazar growled, his eyes washing over red as he released the powerful darkness inside him. With the added strength of his beast’s release, he was able to easily break through the ropes that held him. 
The Magi were oblivious to him as they began to chant. The sky darkened overhead, and the clouds swirled together. The wind picked up, sending Alexandra’s long hair whipping around her. Her eyes rolled into the back of her skull as blood continued to pour from the gash on her wrist.
Balthazar went immediately for Aelek’s throat. His claws dug into the soft flesh as he ripped a chunk out. Aelek dropped Alexandra to the ground and followed only a moment after, his lifeless body oozing blood from the wound in his neck. The golden dagger clattered against the rocky ground as it fell from Aelek’s hand. Balthazar pulled Alexandra up into his arms, a possessive growl in his throat as his blood red eyes dared the Magi to challenge him.
Ashdad responded with a growl of his own as he grabbed his chained hand, and with one vicious pull, ripped the appendage from his body. He used his demonic speed to move and with his remaining hand he seized the dagger, turning toward Balthazar and flinging it through the air. It hit Balthazar squarely in the chest. 
The earth began to quake beneath him. A soft but absolute light grew from the dagger and engulfed his entire body. The Magi hissed as the light touched their naked skin, the purity of it threatening to dissolve them on the spot.
Alexandra felt her body going weak and her breathing became more labored. She leaned her head against Balthazar’s chest as her eyes slowly closed over with blackness.

52


Alexandra sat in the window seat of her bedroom at Sam’s home. She sat and she watched. Watched the neighbors take out the trash, or check the mail. She watched as the boys next door rode their bikes up and down the street, laughing and racing each other. She just sat and watched. Day in and day out. She watched as the same young woman in blue sweat pants jogged by at two in the afternoon everyday without fail. 
Everyone thought she was crazy, so she might as well play the part. In all honesty, she didn’t really care what everyone thought. Sam, she did care about, because Sam knew she wasn’t crazy, but he acted like it.
Wild animals, they all said. Most likely bears. It was all over the local news for the past week. It even made a blip on the national level. A small group of friends went camping and were viciously mauled by bears in their sleep. Kat and Will were so mangled they could only identify them by their dental records. Alexandra and Sam were found miles away, and weeks later, unconscious and covered in blood and small injuries. 
The doctors reasoned that they had hallucinated everything from a combination of their injuries and dehydration. Perhaps for Sam it was easier to believe that, but Alex knew the truth.
There was a soft knock on her door.  Sam opened it a crack and stuck his head through, the disfiguring scar on his face still raw and unhealed. His eyes were dead, and it made Alex want to cry at the thought of what he must have gone through. He refused to talk about it. He would just say that it was all just a figment of their imaginations. He tried to act like everything was normal, but his eyes betrayed him.
“Let’s go eat,” he said, “I want Chinese.”
“Again?” Alex said. She turned back to the window. “We had Chinese twice this week.”
“Yes,” Sam said, “again.”
He shut the door behind him without giving Alex another chance to protest. He was meaner to her now. There was a distance between them, and Alex didn’t know how to close it. It pained her to think she would lose her best friend after everything else that had been lost to her.
As they walked into the restaurant and followed the waitress to their usual spot, Alex saw something that made her tune out everything else in the room. Sam was talking to her as they settled into the worn cushions, but she wasn’t listening. Her senses were honed in on unsuspecting prey, and her eyes narrowed. The very same guy that had caused her previous humiliation at this restaurant was now at the buffet, about to fill his plate with Orange Chicken. Alexandra stood from the table and made her way over to him, picking up a fresh plate on the way.
“That’s my favorite,” she said with a smile, as she closed in on him, “be sure and save me some.”
“Sure,” the guy said, his eyes taking in the sight of Alex. He stepped aside and offered the spatula to her with a charming smile on his face. “Here, you go first.”
“Thanks,” she said as she moved in on the steaming tray of food. “I’m Alexandra.”
Sam watched the entire interaction from their booth. His best friend returned to the table after chatting for a moment with the guy, a folded piece of a napkin in her hand. Her eyes were trained on the paper as she sat down. 
“You got a number,” Sam said. He tried to sound enthusiastic but he failed miserably. 
“Yeah,” she said as she tossed it onto the table and focused on her plate of food. “But I don’t think I even want it now.”



With a heavy sigh, Alex stood from her post at the window. She cracked it open a couple of inches to let in the crisp night air. Her eyes fell to the scar on her wrist that was finally scabbed over enough to begin healing. Her fingers prodded the soft flesh around it. It had been nearly a week since they had been back, but to Alex it felt like a year. 
She thought this was what she wanted. All she had wanted was to get back home, back to her friends and her life. But now, things were different. Home wasn’t home anymore. She couldn’t forget everything that had happened, and she didn’t really want to. She was a changed person, and she could never go back to what she was before. She felt empty inside. 
Her thoughts turned to the always impeccable demon lord as she settled into her bed for the night, hoping to get some sleep. Hoping to have a dream. A dream of that demon lord and that world so far away and out of her reach. The world that had made her feel more alive than ever before in her life.
She closed her eyes, focusing on the memories she had of Balthazar. A heavy weight settled on her chest, pressing the breath from her lungs. She remembered his touch, the warmth of his skin and the heat in his eyes as he watched her. She missed him more than she ever thought it was possible to miss someone. A blush heated her cheeks, and her body flushed hot. She kicked the sheets off, and sat up in the bed. The breath caught in her throat as her eyes fell on the statuesque form of Balthazar in the glow of the moonlight that filtered into her room. 
“Did you think I would let you escape me so easily, girl?” the corners of Balthazar’s lips turned ever so slightly upward.
“You’re mine,” Balthazar said, stepping closer to her bed. “Wherever you go I will find you.”

The End

Thank you for reading. If you enjoyed the story, please leave a review to let other readers know what you thought! 

Like me on Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Raquel-Dove/282788651831348

Follow me on Twitter
https://twitter.com/Raquel_Dove

Join me on Google+
https://plus.google.com/u/0/102212433781034859215/about/p/pub

Read my blog
http://raqueldove.wordpress.com

And check out my website for more information on new releases and other updates
www.raqueldove.com



