Chapter 1: The trials of birth
My name is Saric Ismael Aliyah. I am 12 years of age. My mum said my father died before I was born. She said my father was a business man and was killed by his family because of his and his junior brother inheritance. My mum said, my father’s family took everything away from us. They branded her a witch and kicked us out to the streets.
Ever since then, we have been living in an uncompleted building. I was born there and I learned to crawl, stand and walk there. My mum is a very hardworking woman. Even though she had to start life afresh, she didn’t hesitate because she knew that nothing in this world come for free. When I was of school age she enrolled me into a public school. The money she made from trading she uses it to take care of me and herself. Sometimes I had to help her in her trade so I can make money for my upkeep. Life was very difficult indeed. Sometimes I had to go to school without money and I can stay the whole day without food. I was very lean and my school uniform used to hang on me like a hanger. My school mates laughed at me a lot of times but it never bothered me because my mum told me I am going to be a great person one day.
The uncompleted building where we lived belongs to someone and the person kicked us out because he was going to continue his project. We were left on the streets without shelter over our heads. We use to sleep on the pavements in the night and in the morning I had to go to help my mother with her trading. One day, our goods were stolen and even though my mum didn’t want me to notice how depressed she was I still noticed it. She continued to fight for us. She taught me how to be good and kind, she taught me about God even though I have never been to church. She always said, love God and only him. She prayed anytime we were about to do anything. When we leave to go and work she prayed. She taught me how to pray and never doubt God. Once, I asked her why God is being wicked to us. She told me never to say that but God loves everyone and he is always with us in good and bad times. I didn’t understand her because ever since I was born I have never had a good time. I had to walk to school every day, eat once every day and my school uniform was patched in many places. Even though we didn’t pay school fees, we couldn’t afford my studies fees and buying of my books. When we were kicked out of the uncompleted building, I had to stop schooling and help my mother. I was wondering when was our good times will come? But I trusted my mother and everything she told me I believed her.
My good fortune came when I was met by one of my teachers who told me due to my exceptional performance in school I was given a full scholarship by the government to study. I was very happy and I took my teacher to our home. He was very sad when he saw where we lived. He asked when we started to live here and I told him everything about myself. We waited for my mother for a very long time but she wasn’t showing up. Just when my teacher was about to take his leave, my mother’s friend sister Mumuni came over. She had this weird facial expression and I didn’t understand. When I asked her what was wrong she began to cry. I started to panic because she always returns home with my mother. I asked her where my mother was and she began to cry louder. Then I also started to cry too because I didn’t understand anything. When my teacher finally consoled both of us and we calm down, she broke the news to me. After that I didn’t remember anything else. 
 I opened my eyes and everywhere was blurring. But when my eyes settle in the room, I saw my teacher sitting on the sofa. When he saw me trying to sit up he came near me and smiled at me. He asked me how I was feeling and I told him I didn’t know where I was. He told me I have been in the hospital for almost a week falling in and out of consciousness. I didn’t remember anything and I had this headache that was killing me. I was trying to touch my head and he told me I fell hard when I lost consciousness. While we were still talking, a nurse came around to minister drugs to me. After she left, I felt sleepy and I didn’t remember anything after that. 
I was discharged from the hospital three weeks later. The doctor told my teacher I was suffering from partial amnesia so he shouldn’t tell me anything until I remember. When we left the hospital, he took me to his house. He told me he lost his wife and twins in a car accident and he has never married again. He made me settle down and I started schooling. I began to remember little by little until I remembered what happened that night. Sister Mumuni came to tell me my mother was involved in a motor accident and she died instantly on the streets. I cried very much after I remembered. My teacher Mr. Amoah was very scared something might happen to me so he took me to see a child psychologist. I was in session with her for two months until I became my normal self.



Chapter 2: Faith is scared of me


Mr. Amoah came home one day with papers stating I am his adopted son. He was very happy with me and me with him. He was a devoted Christian and we went to church every Sunday. Every morning and evenings we had devotions. We lived happily and I completed J.H.S. while I was waiting for my results, he made me started pre S.H.S classes. During my leisure time, I use to draw. He loved watching me draw. He said I would be great artist in the future. That as the second time someone told me I was going to be great. I was very happy because God gave me a father like Mr. Amoah. 
Like the saying goes; good things don’t last forever.  I woke up this morning feeling a little weird. I couldn’t describe the feeling. My father Mr. Amoah had already left for work. That feeling stayed with me throughout the day. I returned from school that late afternoon and I saw people in mourning clothes mourning. I didn’t understand. Mr. Timo one of my adopted father’s relative took me aside and prepared me for the news. He was just beating about the bush. I didn’t understand a word he was saying. When I couldn’t take it anymore, I left him and went back in inside. Nobody was willing to tell me anything so I went into my room. The weird feeling I had that morning was still there. I tried sleeping to see if it was fatigue but I couldn’t. I struggled in bed over sometime before I was awoken by the noise from outside. Later that evening, my adopted father’s relative came over and broke the news to me. At first I didn’t believe my ears. Then it all clicked. I had been having that wired feeling since morning because of my adopted father. The strangest thing was that, he died the same way my mother died. He was killed in an accident and died on the spot. I cried and cried. I couldn’t even take it anymore. I even questioned God. I asked why he was being wicked to me.
My adopted father was buried two weeks later. It was a very simple funeral. After the funeral, my adopted father’s relatives had a meeting as to who was going to take care of me.  The way the meeting was going I knew no one was willing to take me in. What even hurt me was the fact that I was being accused for the death of my adopted father. I packed up and left without the knowledge of any one.
Life in the streets was pure hell. At that very moment I wished I would just die. The words of one of my adopted father’s relative kept on taunting me. I didn’t want to believe it but circumstances made me want to believe. Because what life would make a boy suffer so much. But I put all the negativity behind me. Nothing would bring me down. I decided to prove everyone wrong.
I continued my pre S.H.S classes because my adopted father paid for everything so I didn’t need to stop. In my free time I traded in foodstuffs. I wasn’t shy because I had no one to help me. I loved drawing and I use to draw a lot when I was on break during classes. A girl who sat beside me saw me draw one day and told me I draw very beautifully. We became friends ever since. She told me all about herself and I also told her all about myself. She couldn’t believe I live on the streets. She promised she will help me. She kept her promise. She was like my guardian angel. She gave me money which I wanted to decline because I was too proud to take it but she told me there is nothing wrong with her trying to help a friend. Reluctantly I accepted the money and thanked her very much. Honestly I needed the money and she gave me the money at the right time. I confessed. Later on she gave me clothes and a whole lot of things which I was grateful for.
She loved to watch me draw. I told her she was my inspiration when I draw. Once she was watching me draw as usual but she didn’t notice I was drawing her, after completion I showed it to her. She was happy and she hugged me and even I got a kiss on the cheek. When she comported herself she told me I will be great one day. I smiled when she said that. She was the third person to tell me that. Vanessa as she was called was my only friend. The others who we were in class with thought they were better than me, but with Vanessa I felt happy because she didn’t look down on me.
On September 16, the B.E.C.E (Basic Education Certificate Examination) was released. Vanessa arrived at the school very happy; she told me she had checked her results and had pass with flying colours. I was happy for her. I wanted to also know my results so I tried to ask her for the price of the card for checking the results. She smiled and told me I had also passed with flying colours. We were very happy and that day we went to eat at our favourite joint. I knew Vanessa was from a very comfortable home but I never knew her father was the owner of the richest company in our country AJW group of companies. This company has branches all over the world. Her mother was the head of Kana firm, a law company. When she told me about it, I was very surprise because she had a kind and gentle heart.
Two weeks later, she came to classes very sad and out of place. She couldn’t concentrate. During break, I asked her why she was down and she told me her dad wanted her to further her education overseas. Yes I thought my world was going to crush. I thought this shouldn’t happen at the moment in my life. Yes when life tried to settle me for so many pain and sleepless nights. It like faith and hope are even scared of me because nothing good comes my way. And life just keeps mocking me because I can’t have one good thing in my life. I couldn’t hear anything after that all I hear is life telling me this is just the beginning of what’s in stored for me. She was supposed to leave in exactly a week from now. So that day was a last day. When she was about to leave, I gave her a drawing which I had intended to surprise her with, it a drawing of me and her. She also gave me a locket with her picture in it. That day we both shed tears together in each other’s embrace. Ever since I started the pre S.H.S classes, she had been my only friend and only competitor. We use to compete in class and our teachers were very proud of us. 
About a week that she left the schools were released two days later. I had one of the best schools in our country.  By the grace of God, I was part of the 50 students who did very well in the whole of our country. We were given half scholarship. Even with that it was very difficult for me. When I saw I couldn’t handle it again, I went to see my church pastor. After I told him all about my plight, he had pity on me but all he said was the church would love to help me but the money is been used to renovate the church. I just smiled and left him because I didn’t want to hear his long excuse. He tried calling me son and I run the more. A dad wouldn’t watch the son suffer and still not help him. After struggling for about 21 days without any help I forgot about schooling and I began to trade. I traded in anything that was worth selling. During market days I helped people carry their goods for them. In short I was a ‘kayanuu’ which means a carrier. My woes didn’t make me lose faith in God.
Chapter 3: One of them
I traded for 2 years and I was 16 years at that time. I was able to rent a single room apartment where I stayed. Because of my height people thought I was older than my age. Where I had rented wasn’t a nice place but it was better than living in the streets. I saved money in a savings and loans microfinance company. I saved enough to buy me few brushes and painting boards so I could paint and sell them. I was able to paint about 5 portraits. I decided to display them in a week’s time. I went to work the following day. I felt the same wired feeling I felt when my adopted father died. I was shaken about it but I couldn’t explain what I was feeling. I was worried but I was the staying alone. I prayed and took the feeling out of my mind and went about my daily duties. I felt uneasy as the day rolled by, I kept praying.
After an afternoon of relaxation I returned to my work. I was carrying someone’s goods on my wheel barrow I bought after renting my room, even though it was old, it has helped me a lot. A tenant and my neighbor came running and shouting after me. When she met up with me she began to cry and she was saying something which I didn’t understand. The way she was behaving caused a crowd to gather around us. When she finally calm down, she told me my apartment was on fire. I didn’t let her end her sentence and I run all the way to my place. When I got there, it was a site to behold. Everything had been bent down. I couldn’t even take anything. All my hard work had been burned down by a hungry fire. I only sat on the ground and began to cry. I cried every tear I had in my eyes. A lot of people gathered around, some were trying to console me others just stood there and looked at me. The neighbors did everything to calm the fire but after succeeding it was only too late. What even added salt to injury was that it was only my apartment that the fire destroyed. None of my neighbor’s apartment was affected by the fire. I couldn’t take it anymore.  Before I left my landlord asked me a few questions on how the fire would have started and I told her I don’t even understand myself because I didn’t use any electricity because I couldn’t afford it. I always eat roadside food because I don’t have cooking utensils. The only thing I had were a few clothes and my painting brushes and my painting. So as to how the fire started I had no idea. I didn’t want to talk anymore so I stood up and left, but before I left I took one look at my destroyed life I had managed to build after so much suffering. I decided to go for my money I had saved and use it to start life all over again. 
When I got to the saving and loan microfinance the building was closed. I was very surprised because it was not yet their closing time. I didn’t know what to do. I stood there for about 30 minutes, a gentleman who was passing by saw me standing there and he approached me. He asked me why I was standing here. I told him I came to withdraw my savings. When I told him that he just nodded his head and looked at me, he just said so you are one of them. I didn’t I understand the statement he made I told him. He explained to me that the savings and loans micro finance company has made away with 50,000,000Ghana cedis of peoples' money. When I heard that I collapsed. The man panicked and shouted for help. People came around and tried to revive me. A man suggested they pour water on me and they did just that and I regained consciousness. I couldn’t speak. The man kept asking me how I was feeling. Should he takes me to the hospital? I just stood up and I walked away. The man didn’t understand why I walked away. I don’t know how but all I know is I was at the riverside. I just wanted to end it. I began to walk to into the river. I thought ending about ending my mysteries. When I got to the middle of the water, I panicked. I became scared. I didn’t want to die. I was a coward I was afraid to take my own life. I run out of the river with a top speed.
A fisherman who saw me run out of the river came beside me. He asked me why I was running from the water. I told him I had wanted to commit suicide. He wanted to know why I wanted to commit suicide. I told him everything about my life, from my birth till now. The man was really helpful to me. He took me to his house. He was a very simple fisherman with a wife and two children, daughter and a son. His wife wasn’t happy I was there. She made sure to make my life miserable during my stay there. I never complained because I was just a stranger in their house. I learned how to fish and I became a fisherman. I stayed with him for 3 years. Even though his wife never liked me, I was always happy fishing with Mr. Nimo as the man was called. He always said he wished his son could be like me. He told me I would be great one day. Yes the fourth person to say that. I didn’t believe it again. 
Exactly 2 weeks after he told me that, we went fishing. While I was at the bank of the river sowing my net, Mr. Nimo was out fishing. Then all of a sudden there was noise and shouting everywhere. I left what I was going on. 3 men were carrying someone to the shore of the river. Everybody gathered around the drowned man and they were crying. When I got close enough to see the drowned man and I recognized him. I began to scream. It was Mr. Nimo who had drowned. I went beside him and I started to shake him to wake him up. I couldn’t take it anymore. Why is God punishing me this way? Why does he take away a chance for me to be happy? I cried and cried. What even saddens me was that Mr. Nimo’s wife madam Araba accused me of killing her husband. Her son Timothy sent thugs after me and they beat me to a pup, I was beaten black and blue. When I lost consciousness because of the severe beating they threw me away on the streets. 
Some good Samaritans saw me and took me to the hospital. Mr. Nancy as I got to know took very good care of me while I was in the hospital. He even took me to his house. I met his wife and his 3 children. They were very nice to me. When Mr. Nancy heard my story he had pity on me. He promised me he was going to enroll me in school. True to his words, he enrolled me in one of the private S.H.S. because I was very good in class I was added to the students who were about to write the West African Senior Secondary Certificate Examination (WASSCE). I became serious with my studies and Mr. Nancy’s children helped me a lot. Especially Dora, Mr. Nancy’s youngest child and only daughter, she likes me and I also likes her. I was two years older than her but she was in the university. Her two elder brothers Natan and Theo were both graduates. Natan was a lawyer while Theo was an engineer. Natan was the eldest followed by Theo before Dora who was studying medicine at that time.
I wrote the West African Senior Secondary Certificate Examination (WASSCE) and I was confident I would perform well by the grace of God. Mr. Nancy’s wife madam Jessica was a very hard working and a stunt Christian. She always had morning and evening devotions with us. We attended church every Sunday. I was very happy because God is finally rewarding me for my trust in him.
The results arrived in a couple of months later and by the grace of God I had passed with flying colours. Mr. Nancy and his family were very proud of me. We prayed that very day. I cried throughout the day. Mr. Nancy saw how sad I was and called me to his study. He asked me why I had been crying and I told him it was tears of joy because of how life treated me in the past. 
I gained admission to the university to study architecture. I was very happy, for the first time in my life something very good was happening to me. I had half scholarship to study and Mr. Nancy and his family was always there for me.











Chapter 4: I know that face
5 Years down the line and I had graduated and I was now an architect. I had to work for the government for a year as my dues to the society (National service). Dora also had graduated and now she was a certified medical doctor. Dora and I became a very close friends we were inseparable. Sometimes her friends thought we were dating but she always told them we are very close friends. I did my national service at AJW group of companies. I was at the construction and building section. My boss was very happy with my work. I always praise me on my work done. Dora and I still remained very close friends. She will always visit me at my work place. My colleagues thought she was my girlfriend but I always told them we were like blood sibling. I saw her as my sister nothing more. I liked her a lot but she was like the sister I never had. Dora also saw me as her brother. She introduced all her boyfriends to me while we were in school.
Late one Sunday, she brought home her boyfriend I had never met and I was surprise because I was always the first to get to meet her boyfriends. She said they had being dating for a while. I was genuinely happy for her. Her parents were pleased to have met him. He was gentle and very reserved. She said he was also a doctor and they met in the hospital. We had dinner with him and he left after a while. I returned to my room and Dora came to my room after she saw him off, she asked me what I thought of him. I told her she was very beautiful and any man would fall for her. We talked for a while and she later returned to her room.
After my National service, my boss offered me a permanent job as the main architect and my salary was raised to a double. I was given an apartment and a car. My family was very happy for me. I moved out of my family’s house and I relocated to my new apartment. Dora came almost every day to help me with the chores. She helped me design my house even though I did all the designs. I painted a lot of portraits and I used it to decorate my apartment. Dora was impressed with how the building looked. She always loved my paintings. I remembered how Mr. Nancy’s friends admire the paintings when they visited us. They even thought they were bought from Italy and Europe but when they learned that I painted it they were surprise. Any time Dora visited, she always admires my paintings
There was a party been organized by my company and I was invited. I didn’t want to go but Dora advised me to attend but it would be rude to decline the invitation. She even helped me pick a suit to wear. I took her advice and I attended. When I arrived at the venue, the place was fully packed with cars. It was very difficult for me to find a space to park the car but finally I was able to find a spot to park. When I got down from the car, I saw a lady who was speaking on a cell phone. She accidentally dropped her keys and I went to get them for her. She noticed me and when I returned the keys to her she thanked me and then left. I watched as she disappeared into the night, I was stunned because I had never seen a beauty such as hers. She was very beautiful and familiar. 
I went inside. I met my boss and he introduced me to his friends. I stayed with him for a while and then I excused myself. I was feeling bored so I went outside to the pool. As I take notice of how elegant the pool was I saw her again. The lady I had met earlier. She was sitting on one of the pool’s chairs and was watching the water. I drew closer to her and I greeted her. She didn’t notice me as I greeted her. I softly tap her on the shoulders and she came around. When she saw me she smiled at me. That smile made me remember someone but I can’t figure out who she was. She apologized for being absent minded and flashed another smile at me. I smiled back. I introduced myself as Saric but before she could tell me her name her friends came around. They asked her what she was doing here. She told them she needed some fresh air so she came out. One of them mentioned her name and while they were talking. I got to know she was called Vanessa. That name rings a bell to me but I can’t figure out how I know that name or put a face on that name. A lovely girl with a lovely name I just said to myself. When her friends saw me, they asked her who I was. Who is that hunk, one of them asked, wouldn’t you introduce him to us another added but before she could answer, I introduced myself to them. I took turns to shake their hands as they introduce themselves to me. I got to know that the one standing at the right of Vanessa was Tracy and the one standing at her left was Derby. Vanessa also introduced herself to me. We talked for a while. It was through our conversation that I got to know they had lived their life abroad. They left here at a very young age. While we were still talking, a gentleman walked in on us. The girls smiled at him, he came and kissed Vanessa on the cheeks. Later he was introduced to me as Stephen, Vanessa’s boyfriend. I finally understood, such beauty can’t be single at least she should have a lot of admirers including me. I felt envious of him to have such a beautiful girl as his girlfriend. They took leave of me and left but I remained for a while.
The following day, I returned to work even though it was a Saturday. I still went over to work to finish some projects. When I arrived, my boss was very surprised to see me as to me being surprise to see him. He asked me what I was doing here on a Saturday especially after yesterday’s party. I told him I came to finish some projects. He expressed his feelings towards me, how proud he was of me and how hardworking I was.  He told me I was going to be great in the future. I thanked him and I asked what he was also doing here himself. He told me he came for some papers for the new managing director. I didn’t understand him but before I could ask, the new managing director walked in on us. When she got closer to us, I recognized her. She was Vanessa. She greeted us and exchanged pleasantries with my boss Mr. Kingsley. Mr. Kingsley tried to introduce us but she told him we had already met. Mr. Kingsley told me she was going to be the new managing director but he has been transfer to the head office. I left them and returned to my office. I was so engrossed in my work I didn’t notice Vanessa entering into my office. “Would you be kind to invite me to lunch?” Vanessa startles me. She noticed it and apologizes for startling me. I told her she didn’t have to apologize but I wasn’t aware of her presence. She asked me again about lunch and I accepted to go out with her. I told her she should pack up so we can go. I felt her stare at me but I pretended not to have notice it. We went for lunch at a restaurant near the company building. It was my favourite restaurant, I told her. We drove in my car to the place. 
I sat with her at my usual siting place. It was a window view. She smiled and asked me why we were sited here. I told her it was my favourite spot sitting here makes me see the world. She laughed at me. Before she would ask me anything, we were interrupted by the waiter who came for our orders. He left right after that. So you can see the world just by sitting behind a window, she asked. I smiled and didn’t reply. She further questioned, tell me why you. The waiter interrupts again. When the waiter was filling my glass with the juice, he spilled the drink on me and I got wet. He apologized severally and Vanessa helped by cleaning the wet spot with her napkin. While she was cleaning my shirt, she noticed my locket and kept starring at it. I noticed her starring at the locket and asked her what she thought about it. She smiled and returned to her sit. The manager of the restaurant personally came to apologize to me. I told her it was nothing but it was okay. I also pleaded with her not to fire the waiter since it was my fault. The manager thanked me and left. Vanessa was quiet through lunch. When we got to my car she was still very quiet I decided to ask her what was wrong and if I had offended her I would apologize.
Vanessa why are you quiet, have I offended you, I asked her when I was driving. She looked at me and smiled. Your locket, can I have a look at it? She asked. Sure you can. I took it off and handed it to her. It was given to me by my childhood friend I added. 








Chapter 5: A moment in time 
Do you like it? I asked her. Where did you study? She asked me. I studied at Sharp Brain S.H.S, it is a private school. I added. No I mean where you attended pre S.H.S classes. She corrected. I attended Apollo pre S.H.S classes. She shed tears when she heard my answer. I panicked because I thought I had offended her. Why are you crying? I asked her. She finally calms down and she told me she gave a similar locket to a friend called Saric. I was amazed because my friend who gave me the locket was Vanessa. Then everything fell in order. My Vanessa was the same Vanessa as the one sitting with me now. That was why I felt I had known her for a very long time. We began to talk about life after we separated. She told me everything about her life and I told her about mine. We exchanged contact and I took her home. Before she left I promised to call her. She hugged me and then left into the house. 
I returned to the office to continue what I was doing but I couldn’t concentrate. Vanessa has grown more beautiful and every day she looked very beautiful the more. I returned home after I couldn’t concentrate anymore. When I was driving home, she called me and asked if we could go grab some drinks in the evening. I told her I would love to but I have an appointment with someone. She sounded disappointed. But I promised her to call her when I return. She agrees and then she hangs up. I had wanted to see her but I had made plans with Dora and her boyfriend. When I arrived home, I just went in for a cold shower and went straight to bed. Sleep denied me a pleasure. I turned and turned in my bed. I didn’t know when I fell asleep all I knew was my phone woke me up. It was ringing. I was still sleepy when I answered the call. It was Dora. I was supposed to meet them for the past 30 minutes and here I am still sleeping. I jerked up of my bed and quickly as possible I dressed up and left. I arrived there exactly 30minutes which means I was late for an hour. When I got to their table, I apologized to them. Dora was upset so I made an excuse before she accepted my apology. We sat and chatted and drank for about an hour before we left there. I was very happy because while I was with them, it took my mind off Vanessa for a while.
After I left them, I went straight home and called Vanessa as I had earlier promised. It was 10pm in the night when I arrived. She told me she was expecting my call and that she wanted to see me. Since it was only quarter past 10pm, I agreed to meet with her. 30 minutes later I had arrived at the place we agreed to meet up. It was a very quiet bar and grill at a very reserved place. There were a lot of people there but she acquired a VIP spot. She was already there when I arrived. We sat in silence for almost 15 minutes before she spoke up. She asked me why I was quiet and I simply just smiled at her. I could feel her uneasiness and how tensed she was. After she had sipped her drink she held in her hands, she placed it down. I saw her ransacking her ladies bag. She brought out what she was looking for and showed it to me. I recognized what she gave me. It was the drawing I gave her when she was about to leave. I smiled at the drawing and asked her if she kept it all along. She told me she always had faith we would meet again. We began to feel comfortable with one another. We talked, laughed and were very happy. We parted almost after midnight. I drove her home after that. She left her car and when I took her home. On our way, we continued to talk and laugh. She fell asleep. I took her to her house; I woke her up and escorted her to the door. She kissed me on the cheek and waved me goodbye. I left after that.
On Monday morning, I arrived at work only to meet her. I was always the first to arrive but she was there before me. I greeted her and we exchanged pleasantries before going to my office to work. We didn’t meet until lunch break.  She invited me to lunch. We went to my favourite restaurant and ate. We returned after that. During close of work, she asked me if I could show her around the city which I willingly agreed. I accepted because I enjoyed her company. I took her to see a lot of places. At 10pm, I took her to a bar and we brought some drinks and kebab. We eat in my car because the place was packed with people and loud music. We eat in complete silence. The pepper powder on the kebab spread all over my mouth and she tried to clean it with her tissue. Our eyes met and the next moment we didn’t know what happened but it felt like time wouldn’t move. I kissed her on the lips and she kissed me right back. We couldn’t control ourselves as we kissed for about 2 minutes. She moved away from me and told me what we were doing was wrong. I knew that but I liked her a lot. What I feel for her I had never felt it for anyone. I told her how I felt about her and she became quiet. I drove her home. The drive to her place was a very quiet and tensed one. When we arrived, she didn’t even wave me goodbye. She just left without a goodbye. She really made me feel stupid and really felt angry with myself for kissing her.
For 2 weeks she avoided me. To add salt to injury was her boyfriend Stephen who usually visited her. Didn’t he have work to do or he just comes over just to annoy me. He was also very rude and arrogant and treated us with such dirt. I try as much as possible to avoid him and concentrate on my work. 
When I couldn’t bear the cold treatment Vanessa was showing me anymore, I went into her office even though she told the secretary not to let me in. she always takes whatever information I wanted to give to Vanessa herself from me. When I asked why, she always said it was Vanessa’s orders. This time damn her orders, I barged in to her office while her secretary tried as much as possible to stop me. She didn’t succeed. She apologized to Vanessa and Vanessa made her leave. “How dare you barge in my office this way”, she demanded angrily. “Since you don’t want to see me I decided to see you any way.” I replied with an even tone. “I am your boss at work and you don’t have any right to come into my office without permission.” She barked at me. Her secretary came in. “Madam should I call security?” she asked. “No Amina, I will be fine, you may leave.” She replied her. “Now Saric please don’t cause a scene here. I promise I will call you so we can meet somewhere and talk. Okay.” She begged. I agreed and left her office. 
She kept her promise and called me, we agree to meet at the same bar we used to visit. I arrived but she wasn’t there, I thought she wouldn’t show up. I almost gave up but she later came. She was really upset with me. “What do you want from me?” she began. “Why are you being rude to me? She was in tears. I was confused. “Did she hate me that much to really want me away from her?” I thought. “Vanessa, sorry for making you cry, I promise not to worry you again.” I apologized and left. From that moment, I decided not to bother her again. I thought a woman who doesn’t appreciate you doesn’t see your worth



Chapter 6: That dumb bimbo
“Good morning Miss Vanessa. You sent for me.” “Tony has Mr. Aliyah report to work?” Vanessa asked. “No Miss Vanessa he has not report to work for a week now. “Why?” Vanessa questioned. “I don’t know Miss Vanessa” Tony replied. “You may leave” Vanessa smiled. Toni left. Vanessa picked up the telephone and dials, “Amina please come to my office?” Vanessa requested when Amina answered the telephone. Shortly after, Amina appeared in Vanessa’s office. “Amina please I want you to send for Human Resource manager. Please tell him it urgent. That’s all thank you.” Amina left. 
“Sorry I wouldn’t make it earlier Miss Vanessa, I was a little busy.” Mr. Okine, apologizes. "That’s okay Mr. Okine, my secretary told me you were in a meeting. Any ways please sit.” Vanessa shows him to a chair. “Thank you for your understanding, please tell me what the problem is, your secretary said it was very urgent.” Mr. Okine asked. 
“Mr. Okine have you heard from Mr. Aliyah? He hasn’t reported to work for the past one week. Did he inform you of his absence?” Vanessa questioned. Mr. Okine feeling surprised. “Miss Vanessa didn’t you know?” “Know what Mr. Okine?” Vanessa confused. “While I guess he didn’t tell you he resigned.” Mr. Okine replies calmly. “What do you mean by he resigned? When was it?” Vanessa asked now very surprised. “He resigned about a week ago; nothing I said would make him change his mind. He was our best architect and now people are demanding for him, customers are threatening to stop doing business with us, which was why we had the emergency meeting.” Mr. Okine explained. Vanessa couldn’t believe it. “What does he want?” She thought. “Please can I have his address? I know he lives in the company’s apartment.” “Sure I can give you his address but the house doesn’t belong to the company. He paid for it.” He corrected. He leaves and returns with Saric’s address. She thanked him and he leaves. 
Later after close of work Vanessa went to Saric’s apartment. She didn’t have any difficulty locating the place. His apartment was the fourth on row. She pressed on the door bell. “Who is at the door, I will be with you shortly.” Saric opens the door. “What are you doing here?” Saric asked angrily. “Is that how to welcome your guest?” Vanessa tease. “Won’t you at least invite me in?” Saric moves aside and Vanessa goes in. He leads her into the hall. She was impressed with the interior designs and portraits on the walls. He noticed it and smiled to himself. He offers her a sit and asked her what she would like to drink. She said just a bottle of water will do. He disappears through a door and comes back with a bottle of water and a glass on a tray. He serves her and places it on the table beside the sofa. Vanessa lifts it up and drinks half the glass and places it back down. “What do you want here?” Saric repeated his earlier question. “You have nice apartment over here, I mean the interior design and portraits are very unique. Did you do it yourself?” Vanessa admired the room. “I don’t think you came here to admire my house. What do you want from me?” Saric demanded. “Why are you behaving very cold towards me? After our meeting you sent in your resignation. Why did you do that? You know that you are the best architect we have. Please why are you mixing business with personal relationship.” Vanessa inquired. Saric laughs and stands. He paces and returns to his sit after a while. “Vanessa you cried because you didn’t want me near you. Why will I want to see you cry again? The best thing for me to do was to resign because I shouldn’t be the cause of your sorrow.” He pauses and looks at Vanessa, he saw Vanessa looking at him and he continues. “When I found out you were my Vanessa, I was happy, I wanted the whole world to know our lives have once again crossed paths. I wanted a friend who will listen to me any time, I wanted an ear. A friend who will always say don’t worry God doesn’t give us more than we can handle.” He shifts in his sit. “That kiss was just on an impulse. I shouldn’t have kissed you. I wanted to apologize but you decided to shut me out.” Saric explains. Silence befell the place for a while before Vanessa spoke up. 
“Saric I am sorry for everything I did; I didn’t mean to behave that way. I was confused and I didn’t want you to misunderstand anything. That kiss meant nothing to me and beside I already have a boyfriend. And it wouldn’t be fair if I betrayed him. Saric laughs again. “Don’t worry Vanessa I will never come between you and that dump bimble.” Saric spat out coldly. “Excuse me who are you calling a dump bimble?” asked Vanessa furiously. “Sorry, there is no need to get angry over this. Tomorrow I will resumed work but please tell your boyfriend to lay off my back, because this time I will not hesitate to retaliate.” Saric warns. Vanessa couldn’t believe, she has always been hearing of a dump bimble in the office but it never crossed her mind it was her boyfriend they were referring to. “Hello, Vanessa you may leave now. I will be expecting someone and I don’t want her to meet you her.”  Saric Informs. Vanessa just stood up and was about to leave when someone knocked on the door. The person just entered without waiting to be ushered in. 
“Saric, where are you?” the person yells, Vanessa looks at him questionably. “Honey, I am in the hall,” Saric replied. Vanessa kept staring at him but he ignores her. The person comes into the hall. She is surprised when she saw Vanessa, “I didn’t know you have a visitor?” she simply asked. “She was just leaving” Saric assures. Vanessa smiled at her and then left. When Vanessa left, Saric and Dora (the one at the door) began to laugh. “Who is she?” she asked after composing herself. “It was my boss from work, she came to ask me to return to work,” he explained. “That nice,” they both left for the kitchen to put the foodstuff she had brought for him.












Chapter 7: Us against the world
“Vanessa what you are saying is, you get jealous when the girl you met at Saric house comes to visit him with food in the office?” Tracy one of Vanessa’s friends asked her while they were eating in a restaurant during lunch break. “I can’t believe this Vanessa, you told the guy to stay away from you and yet you don’t want him near any girl,” Derby who was beside herself with anger asked. “Come on Derby why you are getting angry, the girl needs our help not our scolding,” Tracy pacifies her friend. While they were still talking, Saric walked in with Miss. Naa a lady who has been transferred to work with them. When Miss. Naa spotted them, she went over to Vanessa’s. “Hey Vanessa, I didn’t know you guys were here?” she asked genuinely surprised. “This place is one of our favourite restaurants.” Vanessa smiles “I hope you don’t mind us joining you?” she asked innocently. “No not at all,” Tracy answered. Saric and Miss. Naa joined them; the whole table was very quiet until Miss. Naa spoke, “So tell me Saric how is it that a hunk like you can be single?” Miss. Naa smiled. “Who said I was single?” He replied with a question. “Well I have never seen you with any lady before?” she insisted on her point. “Just because you don’t see me with any lady doesn’t mean I am single, I live alone in my apartment but my girlfriend comes from time to time,” he informs her. “Then she is very lucky to have someone like you, isn’t she?” Saric just smiled. Vanessa was feeling uncomfortable. She couldn’t control herself anymore, watching Saric and Miss. Naa talk, laugh and the way they looked at each other like old friends. She could see how Miss. Naa is into Saric, “Why did Tracy say yes and let them sit with us? He is trying to make me jealous and nobody is seeing it.” Vanessa thought. After lunch Miss. Naa and Saric took leave of them. 
Tracy and Derby could see how jealous their friend was. “Vanessa why don’t you concentrate on your relationship with Stephen and get married like you agreed on.” Tracy suggested. “I know all that but you know everything has changed. Whenever I see Stephen I begin comparing him to Saric. Sometimes I wished he was Saric. He is always angry when he sees the workers talking; he is always rude to the workers and do you know something guys, they call him dump bimble at the office.” The girls stared at Vanessa, they couldn’t believe it. “Yes that’s the truth; ever since Saric returned to work he hasn’t even talked to me. When he even wants me to approve his drawings, he sends it through my secretary. Anytime I go to his office he walks out with an excuse.” Her friends looked at her helplessly; they didn’t know what to say. Vanessa just stood up and left, her friends followed her. It was better they kept quiet they thought. 
“Mr. Saric you are needed by Miss. Vanessa in her office, Mr. Eise is with her and it an urgent meeting,” Vanessa’s secretary informed Saric. “Okay am on my way,” he simply replied. The secretary left and Saric joined both Miss. Vanessa and Mr. Eise. He greeted them and the meeting began, while the meeting was ongoing, Mr. Eise had a call so he excused himself and left them alone, he went outside, “When Mr. Eise told me to have this meeting alone with you, I told him you wouldn’t come if it was me,” Vanessa told him. “Why do you think like that Vanessa?” he asked surprised. “Please don’t act surprised, everybody keep asking me if there is a grudge between the two of us, and I keep saying no,” “Look Vanessa I promised to stay away from you and I love keeping my promises I make.” Saric defends himself. Vanessa stands and walks over to Saric’s sit. She bends down and looks at him in the eye; Saric was feeling a little uneasy. “What do you think you are doing Vanessa? Mr. Eise could walk in anytime,” he shifts uncomfortable on the chair. “And here I thought I couldn’t control myself when you are around me.” She draws closer to him and only a breath separated them. Just then they were lost in the moment, a knock on the door alerted them, Vanessa returns to her sit while Saric tries to relax from the nervousness he felt. Mr. Eise comes in with apologises and then the meeting resumed, they discussed for a while and it was agreed to that Saric and Vanessa should go through for further review before agreeing to anything. Vanessa promised to help him. 
Vanessa goes over to Saric place; he was in the bathroom when Vanessa arrived. The door was unlocked so she let herself in, she yells his name and she goes to the hall. When Saric came out of the bathroom, he puts just a towel around his waist and walks to the hall, when he got there, he saw Vanessa siting on the couch, “What are you going here?” he shouts. “Calm down please and stop this noise you are making, I only came her to help with the contract, I told you I will help.” She clarifies. “But you should have call me,” the telephone rang and he went over to receive it, it was Dora, she told him she had cancel their meeting since her boyfriend has asked her over for dinner. He hangs up and when he was walking over to Vanessa he tripped on the designs that Vanessa had brought so they could work on, he fell on Vanessa, he tried standing from her and the more he tried the more he could not, finally he was able to stand from Vanessa, “Sorry about that Vanessa,” “No it okay I was responsible for you falling, I should have placed it at the right place.” “Okay I will get dressed and be with you, when he was about to leave, Vanessa called him back. “What is it now Vanessa? What do you want?” Saric asked worried. Vanessa just walked over to him and she makes him face her. “Saric, why do you keep ignoring me this way, what did I do wrong? I know I said don’t come near me but I want us to be the friends like we were when we were young. Do you remember how we were, us against world? What happened?” Vanessa was sad, Saric noticed it, “Please Vanessa don’t play the victim here, you clearly said …” Vanessa places her right index finger on his lips, I know what I said but I love you Saric, yes don’t look at me that way, I love you very much,” She didn’t let him talk and she kissed him which he gladly kissed her back. They were in each other embrace and their lips were locked until they were breathless. A knock on the door separated the two. 
“Who is it?” Saric asked after breathing in. “It is me Dora,” the voice answered. Saric told Vanessa to get the door while he went in to get dress since he was still just in towel. Vanessa got the door, Dora was surprised to see Vanessa there, they both went in, Saric came out later and met the girls talking happily, “I see you have gotten more friendly to each other?” he asked the girls. “You wouldn’t believe this but Vanessa is a very funny girl,” Dora noticed. “I thought you told me you couldn’t come today?” he asked Dora when he settles down beside Vanessa. “Yes that’s what I said earlier but when we got over at the restaurant, he had a call from the hospital and he had to leave that’s why I am here. But anyway, Vanessa told me you guys will be working together tonight; won’t your boyfriend be angry with you?” “I mean don’t get me wrong but …” “There is no need for you to explain, I know you are the best friend of Saric so he tells you everything, and to answer your question no my boyfriend can’t tell me what and what not to do.” She smiles and Dora smiles back. “Well I will love to stay but I have to leave now, see you guys.” Dora announces and stands to leave. “Let me drive you home,” suggested Saric. “No, no need, Christian made his driver bring me. Anyways see you guys later, she leaves. 
They continued working on the project while they secretly looked at each and steal glances at each other. It was well over midnight before Saric took Vanessa home. When they arrived, they noticed the lights were still on in the house. Vanessa just hugged him and he watched her go inside before driving off. “When Vanessa got inside, she saw her mother still awake, her father had travelled that week so he wasn’t there, but her boyfriend Stephen was over there. Her mother asked her where she had been, she explained to the worried woman and apologized for not informing her. Stephen got angry because apparently Vanessa doesn’t care if he was there or not. He couldn’t take it anymore, “Vanessa I have been here the whole night waiting for you and you come in and pretend not to mind, besides why do you help your employee? Aren’t they paid to work why did you help him? I don’t understand how you can mingle with low class people like that,” he said angrily. “Excuse me but now I know my daughter is alright so I have to go to bed now. See you in the morning Vanessa and Stephen I believe you will be spending the night here right,” he just nodded. Vanessa’s mother left for her room. “I am also going to bed, tomorrow I must wake up early for work, excuse me” “but …” “Not now Stephen tomorrow we can talk.” She walks out on him, he gets angry and goes after her, she tried to close the door but he forced himself in. 
“I told you I am very tired please can you leave my room,” she requested. He holds her arm tightly “Nobody ever walks out on me, do you understand?” “Let go of me Stephen you are hurting me, let go” she forces her arm out of his grip. “Get out of my room now; I don’t know what I saw in you when I started dating you, leave my room now get out,” she points to the door. Stephen hits her across her face and she falls on her bed. She holds her face and saw blood on her hand, “How dare you? My parents have never laid hands on me and you hit, you are a bastard, get out I never want to see you ever again. Stephen gets out in anger. Vanessa went over to the mirror and saw the spot where the blood was oozing from, she cleans it up and goes to bed, her phone kept ringing, when she checked it, it was Saric, she thought if she answered then maybe she will cry and he will like to know what happened then he will get angry and he will attack Stephen, she ignores it and goes to bed.
“Hey pretty,” Saric greets her cheerily when he arrived in her office, her friends were there and he noticed how fast she puts her spectacle on.” They smiled nervously. “Are you guys okay, I just brought the contract we worked on last night, I will just leave and come back later, he puts the file down and leaves. “You should have told him what he did to you?” Tracy advised. “No I don’t want him to start a fight with Stephen,” She explains. She removed her spectacles and places it down, they continued to talk for about five minutes when Saric knocked and entered, “Sorry, I forgot to give a copy to Mr. Eise, he came to my office to for …” he noticed the bruised on Vanessa’s face. He goes over to her, “What happened to you?” he asked worriedly. He takes a look at the bruise. “What happened to you?” he repeated his earlier question. Vanessa was confused if she tells him the truth, then he will definitely fight with Stephen. “Nothing sweetheart, I just fell on a sharp rod.” “Really! Where and how did it happen?” “Didn’t you say Mr. Eise was waiting for you with the contract?” “Yes but …” “But nothing just go on sweetheart, I love you, she kissed him and her friends starred with happiness, they cleared their throat and they were happy for their friends, “We are glad you guys are back together,” they all smiled. 
During lunch break, Saric spotted Stephen, he goes over to him and told him they needed to talk, Stephen was very stunned because a mere employee asked for time with him without addressing him with Mr. or sir. They left for Saric office. The Secretary of Vanessa saw the two gentlemen leave and she goes and informs her boss, Vanessa panicked and her friends told her it was maybe a mere meeting. Saric and Stephen gets to his office, Stephen was the first to speak, “How dare you bring me here and not address me properly?” he asked furiously. “Now listen to me very careful Mr. Stephen or whatever you call yourself, the next time it wouldn’t be a talk, if you lay a hand on Vanessa again, if you think you are strong then fight people of your size and nature,” Stephen couldn’t believe a common employee will talk to him like that. “Mr. Saric you know I can get you fired now? I will pretend this never happened.” He was about to leave, “I hope you don’t try anything funny, I have warned you Stephen,” Stephen left the office still furious, he barges into Vanessa office, herself and her friends got scared, he goes over to Vanessa and holds her by the arm. “How dare you send a common employee to give me a warning, that stupid guy thinks he can talk to me anyhow?” Vanessa was scared so were her friends,”let go off me you are hurting me, and what are you talking about?” the secretary head the noise and run to tell Saric, Saric gets there in a moment. He pulls Stephen away from Vanessa and hits him on the face. “What did I tell you? When you touch her I will break your face.” Stephen tries to fight Saric but Saric was stronger than him, it took two security men to separate them by then all the office workers were all there to watch how Stephen was beaten to a pulp. Both security men held each man as they struggle to free themselves and devour each other more. “You will pay for this commoner; you will learn that people like me don’t get touched by filthy people like you.” He spat out the words bitterly. “The next time I will break that pretty boy face you have over there. “Both of you should shut up, please go, continue your work the drama is over,” Vanessa announced, everybody left except the two security men who still have held on to the men  who were still angry and wanted to tear each other apart. “Please you may let them go, Saric please get yourself clean up and return to work and Stephen please go home, this is my work place.” “Really, you are just going to let him return to work after embarrassing me in front of everyone like this?” Stephen asked disappointed. “What do you want me to do Stephen?” she asked him “Fire him, let him stop working or suspend him or something. He suggests “I think you need to go and clean yourself up” 
Meanwhile, Miss.  Selena a personal assistant to Mr. Eise helped Saric clean up himself. She cleans the blood from his lips, Vanessa walks in on them, “You may leave now, I want to talk to him, and I hope you understand.” Miss. Selena left and Vanessa locked the door. Saric looked at her and they stared at each other for a while. Saric takes the cotton wool and cleans his lips. “Why was she here?” she asked obviously jealous. “She wanted to help, and besides don’t act all jealous, I believe you helped Stephen before coming here” Vanessa just goes over and kissed him, his lips were still hurting but he needed the kiss so badly and he enjoyed every moment. She stopped kissing him, she smiled at him, “No I sent him home with the bruise all over his face thank you for defending me from him, but I am scared he might do something to hurt you.” She was frightened. He pulls her to her embrace and she placed her head on his chest and she heard his heart beat quietly and she enjoyed the rhythm it was playing. “I love you and I don’t want to lose you for a fool like that dump bimble. They laughed and enjoyed each other’s company.
Chapter 8: A friend and a lover
The next day at work, Stephen and a group of police men came in, he directed them to Saric’s office and they went in to arrest him. Because of the commotion everybody gathered around as they took him. Vanessa wasn’t in the office today because her father needed her so she couldn’t come. When they were taking Saric away, Stephen began taunting him, making fun of him, “Who is the man now?” he kept saying it. Saric just smiled and it surprised Stephen who thought he would beg him not to send him to prison. 
Later the secretary called Vanessa who was in a meeting so she couldn’t answer it. She called her friend Tracy and she told her about it. Tracy and Derby arrived at the police station during the afternoon but they were not allowed to see him, they pleaded and pleaded. Tracy tried calling Vanessa but the call doesn’t go through. She sent her a message, later on Vanessa saw the message and rushed to the police station. When she got there, her friends were there, “What happened? How did it all happened?” she asked really out of breath, she was really breathing hard. “Your secretary called me since she couldn’t get through to you, she told us Stephen brought the police to arrest him and we have been standing here forever because they don’t want us to see him,” Tracy briefed her. 
She quickly went inside, she wasn’t allowed to see him, she called her father and told him about it, apparently her father has been briefed about the problem and he was the one who ordered the police not to let him receive any visitors, “Why are you behaving that way? Saric hasn’t done anything wrong he was just defending me from Stephen’s brute assault on me. You will prefer a man who hits women to marry your only child than a man who respects and treat me right.” Vanessa complained. “You don’t understand anything Vanessa, how can a nobody like him give you the life you have lived all your life my daughter, listen if you promise to marry Stephen I will release Saric from prison, I will give him money to go far away from you.” Her father decided. “You can’t do this dad, Saric hasn’t done anything wrong all he did was to defend me and dad if you don’t release him you will not see me ever again I promise,” she hanged up on her father.
She leaves the police station with her friends and looked for a lawyer for Saric. Saric stayed in police custody for about two weeks until he was set free with the help of the lawyer provided by Vanessa. He was fired by Vanessa’s dad and he had to run for his life because Stephen had sent several attacks on him but thankfully he had escaped them all. Vanessa helped him to travel from that very place until they were sure he wasn’t in danger anymore, even though Vanessa didn’t want him going she needed to keep him safe from that monster Stephen, she thought.  She escorted him to the airport and he boarded a plane and left. Vanessa returned to the apartment she has being staying after moving out of her father’s house. She kept her promise and lost all contact with her family, Mrs. Selasie Vanessa’s mother has tried reaching to her daughter but to no avail, she refused to see her and her father, she quit her job and now was working as an assistant manager at her father’s rival’s company. Her father Mr. William was very furious with her, he threaten to disown her if she doesn’t quit the job, and she still went ahead to continue to work with them, her father was beside himself with anger but his wife controlled the situation and even though they haven’t heard from their daughter for the past 6 months, her mother sends her messages through her friends. She didn’t like the situation but when father and daughter are at war siding with either of them will be trouble so she tries to stay neutral as possible but she missed her daughter a great deal.
“It has been two years since he left without him calling you Vanessa; you need to move on with your life.” Tracy advised. “Vanessa, Kenneth loves you very much and ever since you guys met at the party it was like magic, you been going out with him why don’t you just get married with him. Besides you and your parents have reconciled and now everything has been settled, Stephen has been sent to the rehab to get treated for his drug addict and everything has returned normal and maybe what Kenneth is saying about Saric getting married with a white woman and now they are living happily may be true.” Derby added. “I can’t believe Saric will do this to me after all the things I had done for him, he promised me to be with me forever and now he has dumped me for another woman, I still love him but I promised I am going to do everything to love Kenneth. He has always been there for me, do you guys remember how we first met him” she asked and they nodded as they about their first encounter. 
They first met him at the mall, it was Derby’s birthday and she insisted they go shopping, he run into Vanessa making her almost fall, but being a strong and handsome man he held her in his built biceps and their eyes met. They apologized to each other and from that day they had become friends. She found in him a friend she never had and gradually she trusted him and began sharing her problems with her, giving her advice coming in when necessary and most importantly was a very good listener. “I have decided to accept his proposal” she finally said after thinking for a while. Her friends were surprised at how she made the decision and not thinking about it first but they kept to themselves.
The wedding was been organized and the whole house hold was very busy because the wedding was just two weeks away. When she told him she accepts the proposal, he was very happy and quickly he informs his family and they perform the marriage rights and the engagement and it was the time for the wedding. The organizing was smoothly on going; they later married in a church and then returned home for the reception.  They left for their honeymoon and returned a month after that. Vanessa resumed her position as the head of her father’s company and they loved each other. Vanessa found in him a friend and a lover; they enjoyed each other’s company. 2 years later, Vanessa gave birth to a bouncy baby boy and he was named after Vanessa’s father and her husband. They were a complete family. William-Kenneth was just one year old, because of his mother busy schedule; he was always with grand mum Selasie. She loved her grandson very much, she was glad her daughter was happy with her husband and Saric was all in the past. She remembers him as the cause of the problem that happened 3 years 6 months ago and she wished that nothing of that source happens again.





Chapter 9: Betrayal or something like that
Tracy was going to visit her fiancé, she wanted to surprise him at work, she arrives and he was told he was in a meeting with a client. He works as the managing director of a bank, if he was in a meeting with a client, then he or she must be very important. She sat in the reception and the secretary goes to inform him of her presence, she told the secretary to ask her to wait for her while but the person he was in with insisted she can come in since they are done discussing business. Mr. Fredrick who was Tracy’s fiancé thanked him and the secretary goes and informs Tracy. She goes inside to meet him but she almost fell, if she hadn’t hold on to the door nub. “Are you alright?” Mr. Fredrick asked rushing over to her side. “Yes I am fine,” she replied, he helps he sit in the sofa at the left corner of the office. He calls the secretary to get him a bottle of water. He was really worried but Tracy told him he was fine. The visitor apologized. “Sorry, where are manners, I was so worried I forgot to introduce you to him,” Mr. Fredrick commented “Mr. Saric I want you to meet my fiancé Tracy, Mr. Saric I want you to meet Mr. Saric the highest shareholder of our bank,” he smiled. Saric went over to Tracy and shakes her hand. Just then a call came through, there is an urgent unannounced meeting and he needed to go, he excused himself and left both of them alone. “How dare you come back after so many years of not hearing from you?” Tracy asked, obviously annoyed. “I never thought I will come across anyone from my past.” He just commented. “You are very ungrateful Saric, after everything Vanessa did for you, you forget about her. While luckily she is happily married with a son and she has forgotten all about you.” She taunts him. “I am very glad she moved on with her life, I am very happy for her” he stands to leave, “And please I wish you a happy marriage Fredrick is a very lucky man to be with you.” He left. “What an imbecile, I thought he will apologized but obviously he wouldn’t do that, just ungratefulness and here I was thinking Stephen was worse, obviously he was better than him.
“Why didn’t you just tell her the truth” “What for Daniel, besides she is happily married with a son so telling her the truth wasn’t going to be the best” Saric stated. “Okay fine, don’t you think they will hate you and especially Vanessa is going to see you as an ungrateful and a greedy guy” he further added. “It better she thought that besides I don’t want her feeling guilty. Anyways have you gotten in touch with them,” he asked after a brief pause. “Yes and they will be expecting us tomorrow. But …” “But nothing Daniel, come on no more please,” he pleads. Daniel nods. The following day, Daniel and Saric arrives at their business meeting, everybody was waiting for them. They got out of the car and he stood and saw the bold inscription of the company’s name AJW groups of companies (headquarters).  He smiled and they walked in. they were sent to the conference room. When he stepped in, everybody’s eye were on them, Vanessa couldn’t believe what she just saw, she controlled herself and the meeting began, Saric and Daniel have invested in AJW groups of companies and this meeting was an introduction meeting, they talked for a while then the meeting came to a close. Vanessa wanted desperately to stay away from him and when the meeting ended she was very happy, she excused herself and went into her office. Saric wanted to talk to her and hold her in his arms and be with her but now she is somebody else wife, it was better to stay away from someone’s wife.  Vanessa got to her office and phones her friends; she met them at their usual spot. 
Vanessa was restless when her friends got there. They were scared because she sounded worried on the phone. “What is it Vanessa? You are scaring us already, please tell us.” Tracy pleaded. “Did you know Saric has returned to the country? I mean how, when and why come here now?” she asked the questions in successions. “Please Vanessa you need to calm down; I didn’t know he still has an effect on you that much?” Derby asked a little worried, “Yes he still has an effect on me, I hate him for everything he has done to me, and after everything he still has no shame to come back.” She couldn’t stop talking, she was very furious and her friends let her say everything so she can get rid of all the pain she has built inside her. They sat with her for a while until they left for home. 
When Vanessa got home, she went straight to bed. She didn’t want anybody to see how miserable she felt. She told everybody who cares to listen in fact she even told herself that all she felt for him was hate, but who is she lying to, she is still madly in love with him. “How can I get all this love I feel for him out of my system, I should hate him not wanting to see him, after all he dump me and left me all alone? I have married to a wonderful man, why can’t I just fall in love with him.” She cried herself to bed. Kenneth has travelled for a 2 weeks conference in South Africa so she didn’t bother to hide her tears like she did anytime she remembers Saric and the wonderful moments. She has to pretend to be happy and pretend to love him, what a pain, “May be it my punishment for not loving my husband, the pain is too much.” She cried and cried until she realized she slept in her dress without changing her clothes or taking shower either.
It was Saturday the next day and she usual goes to the club with her friends, she didn’t want to go but her friends convinced her it will take her mind off things. She arrived at the club and while getting down from her car, she spotted Saric, she wanted for him not to see her but she wasn’t lucky because he saw her and came close to her, she tried walking out on him but he stopped her by blocking her path, “I should be the angry one not you, you couldn’t wait for me to return and you went ahead to get married to Kenneth Owusu.” Vanessa begins to laugh, “Really, I was the one who betrayed you, you stopped calling after a 5 months and you didn’t tell me anything, you abandon me here, if Kenneth didn’t come my way I might be in a mental hospital thinking about your betrayal.” Vanessa told him. “Can you give me a chance to explain what happened?” he asked innocently. “No there is no need to explain anything, I am a very happy woman and I love my husband very much, I will not betray him for you, excuse me.” She was walking away when, “I was in coma for 8 months,” he told her. She stopped walking, he moves to face her. “Yes, but talking here is not appropriate, I will tell you everything but now let talk somewhere private. “Come we will use my car.” Vanessa went with him to his new place he bought when he got back, Vanessa was impressed because the building was very beautiful, she complimented on it and he liked that she loved it. They got settle in after her a glass of juice.
“I got into an accident exactly 5 months two weeks after I went to America,” he started, “I guess I lost contact with you during that period.” Vanessa stated “Yes, the driver I picked was knocked over by an over speeding car, he the driver died immediately but by the grace of God I was saved but went into coma,” he pauses, “The other guy who hit us also died on the spot but when I regained consciousness after 8 months later, I met Daniel the other driver’s junior brother. His father was generous and they took care of me, I wanted to come to you but I couldn’t locate you, my phone and everything got missing, finally I was able to locate you but you were already married with Kenneth Owusu and you were expecting his son,” he concluded. They sat in silence for a while. “Why do you call my husband by his full name?” Vanessa asked after digesting the piece of information she just heard. “You didn’t study your partner before marrying him, anyway we need to get back before your friends begins to worry about you. Vanessa looked at him and she smiled, she told him how she wanted to hate him but her heart couldn’t hate him, he understood that Vanessa was still in love with him, he needed that clue to fight for her. If she was married to any other man apart from Kenneth Owusu then he will bow out of the fight, but Kenneth Owusu doesn’t deserve you, I know he lied to you with his innocent face and that dirty smile of his, he thought. She was standing beside a portrait and he went over to stand behind her, “This is an inspiration I got from you, it was my first portrait after I regain consciousness from my coma” he told her, she turns and faces him, she could feel him and she was scared of what will happen next. “We need to go,” she tries to shift his attention from him but he continued to look at her, he move his mouth closer to hers, she wanted to resist but she couldn’t, she wanted him as bad as he wanted. He kissed her and she kissed him back, they couldn’t control themselves, a call from Vanessa’s phone interrupted them, she talked with the caller and then she ends the call, she told him she needed to leave because her friends were worried for her, as if he wasn’t the one being to talk to, he kissed her again and she kissed back, “Please let go now, I promise we will talk later,” she assures him, he kissed her for the last time and they both left.


Chapter 10: Rage with fury
“Thank God Vanessa you are here, where have you been? We have been here for the past 3 hours, where did you go?” Tracy asked worriedly when Vanessa joined them at the table. “Sorry guys, I met …” she didn’t want to tell them the truth, she will look like a slut after all she told them she hated him now what will they think when she tells them she had been with Saric. “What is it Vanessa?” her friends asked, “Hmm, nothing, I mean I went out for fresh air,” she lied, “I can’t believe how much that Saric has come and destroyed all the peace you have with Kenneth.” She just smiled weakly. The days that followed saw Vanessa seeing more of Saric, they were inseparable, and she felt guilty because even though she hasn’t given herself to him, thinking about him was a betrayal. One day, she told Saric about how she feels anytime she returns home from his place and he Kenneth was around, Saric told her there was nothing wrong since they were in love, she knew Saric was the man of her dreams but even the bible goes against such act. She decided to end what was going on with her and Saric, Saric pleaded but she still didn’t accept, she ended all contact with him and avoided him, Saric returned to AJW group of companies as the architectural head, he was the manager for building and construction section. Every day he saw more of Vanessa but avoided her, he pretended as if they have never met, Vanessa was hurt but she understood, she decided to concentrate on her job which she succeeded in doing.
“Mrs. Vanessa, Mr. Saric is here to see you,” the secretary announced over phone, “Let him come in please,” she hangs up. Saric walks in on her busy with her computer, he greeted her and addressed her by Mrs., it surprised Vanessa but kept it to herself, he sits and he gives her a pad. “What you have here is the graphical representation of the goods to be shipped in a couple of weeks, I want you to see and approve it,” he went straight to the matter. “Well I see but please if you could explain a little further she requests. Saric moves over to her and he begins to explain everything to her step by step, accidentally their hands met at the same point and they begin to stare at each other, Saric tries to kiss her but she withdrawals and told him it was wrong, he apologizes and returns to his sit, Vanessa told him she has approved it, while she was going through the formalities, Kenneth walks in unannounced, he greets and both Saric and Vanessa turned round to see him. They were both amazed because they didn’t hear him come in, when he saw Saric his smile on his face faded. “What the hell is this man doing over here?” he questioned angrily, Vanessa was amazed at the way Kenneth stared at him with pure hate, she thought he might have found out she cheated on him with him. “Kenneth why are you shouting, this place is an office and besides what I am doing here is none of your business, now as you walked in you saw us busy with a contract so I am asking you to leave when I am done you can meet your beautiful wife who married a person like you without knowing who you really are.” Saric smiles, he points to the door, Kenneth tried to move over to him, “Come on, one step more Kenneth and you will regret ever crossing path with me, and oh I forgot I have to meet Miriam, excuse me,” Saric left. Kenneth was raged with fury. He was pacing all over the office, Vanessa was confused, “How could you Vanessa, How could you do this to me?” Vanessa panics, she thought, he has found out, “It is not what you think at all, I can explain, I dint mean to …” Kenneth cuts in “Don’t apologized honey; sorry I didn’t mean to accused you but that man is an evil man,” Vanessa was now more confused, why is he apologizing, I did him wrong and he is the one apologizing, what is going on here God, help me please.” He sits and asks Vanessa to come sit beside him which she did, he held her hands and kissed it, “Honey I promised never to let anyone know about this but seeing him here I am very scared for you,” “What is wrong Kenneth, I don’t understand anything going on here.” “Yes honey, Saric, I and his brother once lived in a fishing community, we were like brothers and we were very tight but because of greediness, he killed my friend’s father who was like his father at shore, he drowned the man so he could take the man’s properties. He kicked my friend and his family out on the streets and took everything the man owned, my friend and his family all died mysteriously on their farm while farming, the chief priest said their death was caused by the hands of a man. The villages chased him out of the village and that was the last time I heard of him, when you told me he was your fiancé and abandoning you after helping him, I knew he was after your father’s money, but now he is back to steal your inheritance and I know he will try to lie to you about something that happened to him,” Vanessa could not believe her hears, “Don’t you think you are exaggerating.” Vanessa found herself asking not wanting to believe what she just heard. “When he left for America, he got a job with one rich man with his two sons, he was involved in an accident with the eldest and miraculously he survived and the man’s son died. The man took him as his son but he killed his son and now he has been given the power to control the man’s wealth all of it. The man’s second son follows him like a dog because if he stands against him he will leave him penniless.”  Vanessa was beside herself with pain, Saric isn’t like that she thought, “Promise me you will be careful around him, don’t drink anything and eat anything from him, when he invites or pretends to come and work with you just let you assistant manager take care of it,” she promised her husband, later on he took her for lunch, 
Vanessa couldn’t believe him but had doubts about him, she knew about the fisherman but Saric’s version he made it seem he was the victim of the story, but why will he lie to me he thought about her husband’s words, Vanessa believed her husband when a certain lady came in accusing Saric of dumping her after her father had given his everything to him, she claims her father died mysteriously and she should have listened to her friends when they told her about him, Saric didn’t defend himself and security took the lady away, but before then, Vanessa talked to the lady who told her everything Saric did to her. Vanessa felt pain as she was in love with a monster; her friends consoled her and told her she was lucky at least she didn’t marry him or he would have killed his father and mother. 
The commotion the lady caused was the talk of the whole company; Saric didn’t bother to explain to anyone, he always said if you are guilty then you will try defending yourself. Then he heard Vanessa and her friends talking about the matter, he couldn’t believe Vanessa doubted him, he confronts them but the way Vanessa treated him made him resign immediately. He left for Kumasi and stayed there for almost a year. Vanessa returned to being the lovely wife she was. Her friend Tracy invited her and her other friends for a little get together; Vanessa attended the party with her husband, Tracy introduce her friends with their partners to her fiancé, Fredrick Tracy’s fiancé stared hard at Kenneth, “I know you from somewhere?” he inquired from Kenneth, “Probably you have watched me on television before,” he said. “I guess so, shall we eat now.  Tracy sat with Fredrick at a different table from her friends. “Are you alright?” Tracy asked her fiancé, “Yes I am fine but do you know Kenneth Owusu that well,” the question surprised Tracy, because she never mentioned his surname to him. “Do you know something I don’t ?” she asked her fiancé, “When righteous guys want to marry you girls you leave them and marry snakes,” he commented, “What are you talking about here Fredrick you are really frightening me, please.” He takes Tracy inside and shows her a video which almost made her collapsed. “When Saric told me that Vanessa thinks of him as a murderer I told him it was her snake of her husband fault but if he loves her as he says, then he should forgive her before leaving for Kumasi.” Fredrick told his fiancée. “All these while Derby and I thought Kenneth was an angle but he is actually the demon. I am really scared for Vanessa; he would kill her if he ever suspects Vanessa knows about him.” She shook her head in disbelieve, “Honey please don’t tell her anything, Saric will be returning from Kumasi very soon and we will expose him, right please behave normally around him or he will suspect something.” He advices his fiancée, later they went back to the party, she went over to Vanessa and Derby and they talked heartily and happily, she really wished she could warn her friend because she is not the only one in danger but her entire family, she smiled at Vanessa when she noticed she was looking at her. “Vanessa, when will Kenneth go on his next visit?” she asked suspiciously, “He told me he will be leaving tomorrow morning, to be precise, why are you asking me that?”  “Nothing, I can’t believe how loving and kind your husband is, I am really happy and I hope Fredrick become like him loving and caring.” They all laughed and continued to talk. 


Chapter 11: Why is Blood in the bedsheets
“Saric is back,” Vanessa calls Tracy and informs her, I can’t believe it, I am really afraid he might hurt me,” she was scared and Tracy understood because of the things she has been told and seen, even the lady that came to attack Saric at the office that day was one of Kenneth scheming plan,” she thought. “Do you still love him Vanessa?” Tracy asked the question and Vanessa was taken aback, she was shocked to the bone, “I told you he was back and you are asking me if I still love him, I don’t get you, have forgotten everything he has done?” she asked irritably. “How did you know he has returned?” she asked the angry woman. “I don’t understand you at all Tracy, you and Derby specifically told me to stay away from him because he might try to kill me,” she began to cry, “Vanessa please go over to his place and have a talk with him, then call me,” “I don’t understand you at all, I called you to help me but you are really confusing me.” “Now tell me something Vanessa, if the situation was different, do you still love him? Don’t answer me just go, listen to only your heart, go and see him,” she hangs up and smiles to herself. Vanessa cancelled all her appointments and went over to see Saric, when she got there; the security man let her in, she went inside, she couldn’t find him anywhere, she then went inside his bedroom and finds him there, he looked different, his beard were unkept and not shaved, he was asleep, she sat over beside him and looked at him, she thought about the good times they shared together, when she was told he was a monster, she didn’t believe a thing she reluctantly listen to her friends and stayed away from him, she still loves him with all her heart, she smiled, picked up his hand and held on to it and caressed it gently. He woke up and turn to see Vanessa sitting next to him, he hugged her and they both cried, “I am not that monster they tell you I am” he said amidst tears, “Ever since we met, all I do is love you and want to be with you, anytime we achieve that then something or someone always comes in between, I love you.” He kissed her she kissed him back, they couldn’t control themselves, on a king size bed, a lot of emotions running wild and two people who have been in love since childhood. Both of them wanted this, they wanted to be in each other’s arm and now that they have all the time in the world they couldn’t resist it. They gave themselves to each other, Vanessa couldn’t believe it, she loved him very much and now she is his and he is hers, 
“What now,” she said shyly and looked away. She was naked in his arms and he was also naked, looking at him made her feel shy, “Now that I know you still love me, I am going to do everything to get you back,” he kissed her on the forehead. “I will ask  Kenneth for a divorce but I don’t want him to take my son away from me,” she said worriedly, Saric sits up and Vanessa places her head on his chest, “Vanessa, the boy does not belong to him,” “I know but he is the father and he will not let me take him away. “You don’t understand anything Vanessa, your son is mine;” Vanessa sits up, “What you mean by that, I understand you will love him like a child but …” Saric cuts in, “What you are imagining is true, I am the biological father of your son,” Vanessa tries talking but Saric begged her to let her finish. 
“What am about to tell you should stay here until I am sure you are no more in danger, your husband Kenneth is not what you think is his, he has no manhood and I know you will think that is strange because you have a son together, if you could remember, he sent you to the hospital and told you he wanted you guys to have a checkup because it good for people to have their health checked every 3 months, this was exactly a year after your marriage. I had regained consciousness from the coma two months earlier, I lived with Daniel and his father for a while, one Saturday I went out with Daniel and we met a friend of mine from Ghana his name was Nii, he told me all about your wedding with Kenneth. I couldn’t believe it so I left and returned to Ghana, the story was true you were married with Kenneth, later on I went to see Dora my sister and I told her everything about what happened. Dora was very happy because nothing happened to me but we couldn’t talk because she had a visitor, it was Kenneth. I didn’t want him to see me so I hid in the back where the bed was, I heard everything he told Dora,  he couldn’t have children because of an accident he suffered, his manhood was removed to save him from dying. Dora asked why he was here and he told Dora he will be bringing his wife over but he needs Dora to artificially inseminate her with someone else’s sperms so she could be pregnant, Dora couldn’t believe it, he asked if she was aware but he said no. he even told her he has never touched you but he always sedates your drink so you could sleep and not remember anything in the morning, Dora didn’t want to do it  so he told her to think about, he left and I told Dora to accept it, I told her to use my sperms, she didn’t understand so I explained everything to her, later on she called him and they agreed and everything was done on you. 
You were drugged and the insemination was done on you. I left for the US when I found out you were pregnant, I was happy because you have my baby inside of you even though you didn’t know it.” Vanessa couldn’t believe what she has just heard, one moment she was very angry the Kenneth she thought was an angel from God was actually evil and the other hand she was happy because her son was Saric’s. After spending some more time, she went into the bathroom to shower, Saric got a call and goes over to the table where his phone was to answer when he noticed blood on the bed sheets, he didn’t understand, at first he thought he or Vanessa was hurt but after checking himself he saw nothing on him so it might be Vanessa, he answered his call and talked to the caller, Vanessa comes out of the bathroom and goes over to Saric who was sitting in the sofa, she kisses him and caresses him, he was still on  the phone they couldn’t  stay without been in each other’s arms, he ended the call. “Honey, are you hurt, do you have a cut?” he asked worriedly, “No I am fine, why are you asking me that? He points to the blood on the bed, she goes over there and looks at it, she begins to cries, Saric became alarmed, “Why are you crying he sits beside her on the bed and hugs her, she puts her head on his chest, “Thank you very much, I have always wanted you to be the only man in my life, you know when I went on an honeymoon with my husband I mean Kenneth, I told him to give me time, we never made love while we were on honeymoon, he was understanding and loving and also caring but I never knew he did this to me, I am very happy that it was your sperms but imagine if it was a stranger’s sperms, I will love my son but I might never know his father,” she raised her head and looks into his eyes, she whispers I love you, he kisses her. “Honey, I don’t understand this, but if you are not hurt and I am not hurt either so how come there is blood on the bed?” he asked confusedly “You still don’t understand, right?” he nodded in agreement. “When you have not been with any man before and you do you bleed, you know what I mean, come on Saric for God’s sake you know what I mean, you watch movies and you know when virgins give themselves to a man for the first time blood comes out,” Vanessa didn’t know how to explain for the confused man to understand. “Wait, you mean you are a virgin?” he smiles, “I was, now I am not because we just, you know” he carries her and he begins to dance happily around with her and they laughed happily.
Chapter 12: Van meet daddy
“What do you mean you want a divorce” Kenneth asked very upset. “Kenneth you are a very good man and loving and all,” “But you don’t love me is that right?” Kenneth said angrily and breaths hardly “Yes I don’t love you but I am very grateful for all your love and kindness you have given me, tomorrow my lawyer will see you okay,” she said smoothly, “But you know something I will not give you that divorce so you can go running to Saric, all I have done is to love you, worship you and given you everything you want and now that murderer is back and you want to run to him,” he was leaving, he stops and he returns to their bedroom where they were having the argument, “And if you think I am going to give you custody of my son then you must be kidding, if you divorce me you will lose your son,” he bangs the door and left. As soon as he left, she called Saric and told her about Kenneth treats but Saric told her not to worry because he has already done the DNA test and it has be proven he is his son, and right now he was with a judge with the test and acquiring custody for the boy, he told her he will call her later and ends the call. Vanessa was happy even though she knew she was been unfair to Kenneth. The days that passed was like hell for Kenneth, first the custody of the boy was given to Saric, he was made to sign the divorced papers and now the police has ceased all his properties and he was been investigated for the murder of his first wife and also other crimes he had committed, he fled from the country and a warrant was issued for his arrest immediately he was seen in the country.
Vanessa and Saric got married and lived in Vanessa’s dream house which was built by her husband Saric, everything was going on smoothly until William- Kenneth was kidnapped, and Vanessa was devastated, Saric promised to fine their son, the kidnappers of the boy demanded a huge sum of money which Saric was willing to pay, he had to meet up with the kidnappers alone without anyone knowing about it, but while he was on phone, his wife Vanessa heard the conversation and location for the exchange of the boy with the money, she informed her father who informs the police, Saric got there on time and what he saw really shocked him, the kidnapper was no other than Kenneth, he showed the money to Kenneth who intend also brought the boy out, while the exchange was going on, the police arrived there and there was a shootout, there were bullets flying in all directions, one of the bullets almost hit the boy but Saric used his body as a shield and took the bullet for his son, the police were able to overpower the kidnappers and they were apprehended but on reaching the hospital, Saric died, Vanessa fainted and was admitted in the hospital for several weeks before she returned home to be with son who was the most treasured gift he got from Saric, 
Two weeks later, she discovered she was pregnant, she was very happy. 9 months later, she gave birth to a bouncy baby girl, her brother William-Kenneth was the happiest in the family because he now has a little sister to play with. He always has been asking his mother where his father was but she always lied to him that he has travelled and will be back with lots of toys but when his mother told him about his little sister he forgot all about his father and when he will be coming back. When little Vanric that was the name given to Vanessa’s child whose name was the combination of both Vanessa and Saric arrived home, the death of Saric was forgotten and a fresh start began, everybody was happy and relaxed. Tracy and her husband Fredrick comes to visit once in a while and also Derby and her husband did the same, sometimes Vanessa felt lonely because she had no one and other times she was very angry and always blamed herself for the death of her husband, if she didn’t tell her father about the location of the kidnapers, he wouldn’t have called the police and there will be no shoot out. She always cried herself to sleep and always wished she could reverse the time and changed everything that happen that day,
William- Kenneth turned 5 years old and a big birthday party was thrown for him, he invited all his friends from school and also their neighbours, during the early morning before the party was organized, William- Kenneth, Vanric and their aunt who has returned from the states two years ago and has been living with them since she returned, took them to the mall for a shopping spring as part of their birthday party fever and also the party was a surprise for the boy so sending both of them out will prevent Vanric  who was 2 years old to spill the beans. They arrived at the shopping mall around 9:45 am, the children run into the mall to choose stuffs they liked and wanted to buy. William-Kenneth spotted game pads he really liked and wanted to take a look at it but he couldn’t reach them, he tried jumping but still he couldn’t reach. A gentleman saw him and tried helping him, he took the game pads for him, knelt down in front of him and gave it to him, as soon as the William- Kenneth saw the man’s face, he hugged him and called him daddy, the man was confused but he hugged the boy back, Vanric came to meet her brother, when she got there, she saw that her brother was hugging someone, “Willy, why are you hugging that man?” the confused girl asked, “he stops hugging the man and went to his sister, Van that is daddy,” William- Kenneth told his sister, “Daddy!” the girl also run into the man’s embraced, the man was confused and didn’t understand but he felt something for the children, their aunt came there , her face looked worried she thought they were missing because she has been looking for them. “Kids were have you been? I have been searching for you all over the place, I was really worried.” She stated, “There is no need to worry madam, they were here with me,” the man smiles, “Who are you?” she asked the man, “My name is Thomas, your son couldn’t reach the gamepads so I helped him,” he explained. “Oh they are not my children they are my cousin’s. We came shopping because he is celebrating his birthday, and thank you very much for helping and looking after them,” she thanked him. “It was my pleasure,” he smiled and they shook hands, “Daddy, can you come to my surprised birthday party my mummy is throwing for me, can I have your number so I can call you and give you direction, okay,” the grownups where stunned, their aunt Princess was the one to speak first, “How did you know of the birthday party?” she asked, “I always celebrate my birthday aunt Princess, so I know my mummy will throw a birthday party for me,” he laughed, the next to speak was Mr. Thomas, “This is my card, he removes the card from his breast pocket, call me, okay” William- Kenneth nodded, he hugged him once again, “What is your name?” he asked the children. “Daddy how can you forget our name, mummy said you have travelled to a very far place but you will not come soon but now you are here, while anyway my name is William- Kenneth and my sister is Vanric, he hugged the children again, “I don’t mean to very rude but we have to leave now,” they hugged for the last time and they left, 
“Why do you call him daddy?” Princess asked the excited boy, “Because he is our daddy, I have a picture of him in my room, when we go home, I will show it to you, “I don’t really know Saric but how can Saric be Thomas, is it that the boy is confused, I have never met him before but I have once seen a photograph of him,” she thought, they drove home in silence after the conversation, they arrived home to a busy arrangement of the party, “Why did you bring them home this early? You know he shouldn’t know there is a party been thrown for him,” Vanessa reminded her cousin, “I know Vanessa but your son already knows about the party and not only that, he invited someone also,” she let out her concern, “There is nothing wrong to invite someone but your face does not seem alright, what is the problem?” she asked the worried woman with concern “He called the guy daddy, I saw him and her sister hugging the man, when I asked why he called him daddy, he said because he was their father the only difference was the name, I mean the guy was called Thomas and I know your late husband was Saric,” Vanessa stayed quiet, remembering her husband made her want to cry but she decided today was a happy day, her son was 5 and she wanted him to enjoy today. “He can invite anyone and call anyone daddy after all children call elderly men daddy so nothing is up,” she stated, “I know but …” Let forget about it and let prepare for tonight okay,” Princess nodded.





Chapter 13: He has a birthmark
“Hello daddy, are you on your way?” William- Kenneth asked Thomas when he answered the call, “Yes, William- Kenneth, can you promise me one thing?” he asked the boy, “Yes anything,” “Can you just call me Thomas you know,” “Yes sure, I can call you that, that alright beside my aunt thinks am crazy but I am not, beside you will also think I am crazy calling you daddy but I am not, when you come over I will show you a picture of you, okay, I will be expecting you bye,” he ends the call. Meanwhile Vanessa was listening in the conversation in her room, she wanted to cry but she kept strong for her children, “I promise I will do everything for you to be happy, you and your sister are the only reminder that I once loved deeply and I was loved back.” She thought and wiped a tear that was dropping down from her eye down to her cheek. “Son you need to smile, why have you become sad this is your birthday, you should be happy, isn’t it?” “Yes mummy but daddy I mean Thomas is not here yet,” he complained. “I know son, your aunt told me all about it, and I know you miss your daddy a lot but don’t worry because your daddy will always love you,” she almost cried but swallowed hardly, “Mummy, don’t worry daddy will come right through that gate, I don’t understand why he is late,” she could not hold her tears anymore, the tears started to pour down her cheeks, “Mummy why are you crying,” he also started to shed tears but her mother stopped crying and clean his son’s face, “Son please don’t cry, today is your birthday and we are supposed to be happy, right,” he nodded, she hugged her son and they both smiled,
“Thomas you came, I thought you wouldn’t come,” William- Kenneth runs towards him,” he hugged him. “Sorry I was late, but I am here now.” Let go I will introduce you to my mummy,” he held his hands and they walked to where the party was been held, Thomas was with a lady, he introduced the lady to her and William- Kenneth greeted her politely, he took both of them to see his mother, “Mummy, I want you to meet Thomas,” William- Kenneth introduced him to his mother as soon as they got to where she was sitting. She was sitting with Tracy, Derby and also Princess. “Hey Thomas we meet again,” Princess stated pleasantly, Vanessa raises up her head to see Thomas standing with an extended hand shake, Vanessa couldn’t believe it, she collapses and that caused the people sitting next to her panicked, Derby and Tracy tried calling for help to take her inside but they also got shocked when they saw Thomas, they were confused and very stunned that they couldn’t move, Fredrick arrived at the scene to help Vanessa up but also stopped in his tracks, the children were worried and scared that something was wrong with their mother, they begin to cry. Vanessa was taken inside and her doctor was called, everybody’s attention was on Vanessa. Thomas and his guest stayed aside for the family to take care of the unconscious woman, Fredrick went over to Thomas and asked if he could have a word with him, Thomas agreed to talk to him. They went outside so they could talk more quietly without any disturbance. “Tell me something what is your name?” Fredrick asked, “My name is Thomas Ohene,” he replied. “Well Mr. Thomas, I am called Fredrick and I know you are wondering why the lady fainted after seeing you, I am also very stunned to see you, we all are,” he pauses to see if he Thomas understood, he continue when he realized he was really paying attention. “Mr. Thomas …” Thomas interrupted him, “Just call me Thomas,” “Yes, Thomas like I was saying can you tell me a bit about yourself, I mean don’t get offended, it just that you look like someone we all know, I now understand why William- Kenneth calls you daddy, you look like their father and also the woman that just passed out was his wife but he died on his way to the hospital,” “I understand you, well like I said my name is Thomas Ohene at least that’s what I was told by my fiancée,” “What do you mean by that?” Fredrick cuts in, “She told me I was involved in a car accident and lost my memory, all I know is what she tells me,” he told him, “Really, don’t you think that is strange, didn’t you find out for yourself who you were and about your past,” Fredrick asked “Yes I know but if I ask her to take me to my relatives, all she tells me is that I was an orphan and I have no relatives, I also told her take me see my friends but she always said she never liked my friends she doesn’t want them to negatively influence my life again,” “Did she tell you whether you guys were dating before the accident?” Fredrick questioned, “Well she said before the accident, and I don’t even understand a thing, if you don’t mind can I see the woman who just fainted?” Thomas requested, “Yes sure let go, they went inside, the doctor was with her in the bedroom and the rest were outside waiting for any information from the doctor, the doctor came out later and told them she was alright but she needed a lot of rest, he also said she hasn’t have a good sleep since she is always crying and overtaking pills to help her sleep, he also said she shouldn’t be left alone but people should always be around her to prevent her from thinking a lot, you may not know this but she always blame herself for the death of her husband and she can’t bring herself to accepting her husband is dead. The doctor advices them some more before he left, Thomas asked if he could speak with the woman, the doctor agreed and he went in alone to see Vanessa, when he got there, she was still in the bed and her eyes were shut, he turned to leave but Vanessa called him out, “Don’t leave me please don’t go again, please come and sit here,” she said amidst tears, “Please don’t cry the doctor said we shouldn’t make you feel sad,” Thomas had compassion for the woman. Looking at the woman made him feel strange, he has never met her before but it was like he has known him for a very long time the same feeling he felt for the children earlier. “How are you feeling? I didn’t want this to happen, I only came here because I wanted to make Willy and Van happy, I don’t know but I feel something  special  for them, I really liked them,” he smiled at her, Vanessa knew immediately that her son was right, it was his father. She looked at him carefully, she remember when they first gave themselves to each other, she saw a mark on his chest, she asked him what the mark was and he told her it was his birthmark he got from his father, and that his father’s was on his wrist, he showed him the picture which was always in his pocket and after the completion of the investigations she was given his personal stuff they found at the crime scene and the wallet was part, she thought, “If she could made him show this birthmark then he might really be her husband,” she smiled at him and he smiled back, she wanted to see the mark without him knowing about it, she goes closer to him and kisses him on the lips, he didn’t understand, he wanted to stop kissing her but he couldn’t, he felt the need to kiss her back then she tried removing his shirt on him, she saw the mark on his left breast, it was him, she smiled and hugged him, Fredrick walked in on them,  he was surprise but kept what he  has noticed to himself, Thomas dressed up and excused himself, “It him,” Vanessa just stated, “I knew it, he told me his fiancée said he had an accident and lost his memory but I knew she was lying, I saw how she felt uneasy around us especially when you collapsed, she looked worried that was why I called him aside to ask him questions, apparently he doesn’t even know anything about himself and when he insisted to know more his fiancée prevented him from finding out with  lame excuses.” He stated. They talked for her while until her children joined her in bed. She put them to sleep and tried getting some sleep herself but she couldn’t, thinking of how she has lost her husband and now he has come back to her, she dreamt of the moment she will be in his arms again.












Chapter 14: My father planned all of this
“How could you lie to me, Sandra you lied to me all these years telling me I was your fiancé and I have been living with you all these years and making me believe I was your fiancé, four years of living with you and you never told me the truth, why? Tell me now why did you do that to me?” he asked angrily and was scattering everything in the room, “Calm down please, I didn’t mean to lie to you but if you will sit down then I will explained everything to you,” she stated calmly. Thomas sat down and Sandra his fiancée also sat opposite to him, she begins calmly, “My father was the one who treated you when you were brought to the hospital because you have been shot, when you were been brought to the hospital, it was said you died on your way but later it was confirmed that you actually didn’t died but you had lost a lot of blood and immediately an operation was performed on you, a lots of blood was given to you and by the grace of God you didn’t die but you received two bullets wound and one was very close to your heart, my father said when you got shot and fell  you knocked your head hard on the ground, it caused you some deformity and that was the reason why when you were buried your coffin wasn’t opened so nobody suspected it wasn’t your body, up till now I don’t understand why my father didn’t tell your family the truth about you been alive. You lost your memory and were in coma for two months and when you regained your consciousness your family had already buried you even though they didn’t know it wasn’t your body they buried that day, when you regained consciousness my father brought you to our house and you stayed with us, my father begged me to act like your fiancée, in fact he brought up this whole plan, I didn’t understand but I loved my father very much and did everything he told me. I agreed even though I knew we were wrong, my father told me everything so when you told me you wanted to go to the boy’s party I deliberately tried to delay so we couldn’t go but you said if I didn’t want to go then you will go alone. Sorry I lied to you but I couldn’t go against my father,” Thomas was in tears, “So all these years I have lived my life away from my family because of your father’s strange reasons that nobody must find out I was alive,” he asked amidst tears, “That’s why I never wanted us to be together,” Sandra added, “Oh really, now you were the one who wanted us to wait, I see.” He stands up and leaves, “Where are you going?” “It is none of your business, excuse me,” he banged the door and left. Sandra cried, even though she knew that the time will come for this day she never thought it will be this soon, living with him for these past years she has fall in love with him, he didn’t remember anything but he was always loving and caring and was a very good listener, she wished he was really her fiancé and they could stay like that forever,
“Can I meet my son if you don’t mind Princess?” Thomas who arrived at Vanessa’s, “Yes Thomas, you can” she replied, “I am Saric not Thomas so please call me by my real name, “Thomas Ohene is someone else’s. He went to his son’s room and saw him reading, he was surprised because children his age will prefer playing than learning, “Hey champ, daddy is here,” the boy flies towards his father with a terrific hug which almost threw him off balance, “Hey champ careful, do you want to throw your old man off his feet, “No daddy,” he smiled.  “I thought you will be playing with your toys or something, but seeing you here learning is really strange,” “I know but I don’t like playing alone, mummy has gone out with Van and so am alone, so I decided to learn so I don’t feel bored,” he explains, “Okay, now I am here so why don’t we go out and have fun,” he carries his son, “Whatever you say daddy, but daddy one question, mummy said you have a little problem have you solved it?” he asked, he puts his son on the chair and squatted opposite to him, “You know something son, the problem I have is still there but been close to you and your sister and your mother in fact everybody has made feel comfortable,” his son nodded, “Shall we go now son,” he carried the boy on the shoulder and they went out, they went to the mall and they bought a lot of stuff, they went to the mall’s playground and they had a blast, they enjoyed themselves before going home late, Willy was already asleep, Princess tucked him in bed she returned to bed herself, “Saric,  can we talk?” Vanessa requested, “Yes sure, why not” they went to Vanessa’s room, it was quiet late but he agreed anyway. There talked about a lot of things Vanessa tried very hard for him to remember something but he couldn’t remember, he wanted to leave but Vanessa insisted that he stay and sleep in the guest room and besides it was late and very dangerous to go home by that time so he agreed and stay.
During midnight, Vanessa couldn’t sleep so she went to the garden, she walked through the garden and thought about the wonderful moments he had spent with Saric here, even though he doesn’t remember at least she had him back and he is not dead, in due time he will start remembering she thought. She breathes in the fresh air, and folded her hands around her breast, she felt a hand around her waist, and she turned and saw Saric. “You couldn’t sleep yourself am I right?” she asked him, “Yes I couldn’t  so I decided to come for fresh air in the garden, then I saw you standing over there, I just felt I wanted to embrace you and kiss you and make you mine,” he smiled, “I know you may think that I might be crazy because I don’t remember yet I feel I need you,” he kisses her on the lips, they kissed and caressed each other, “I am dying to be with you too Saric but I want you to remember me, I don’t want you to feel you are making out with a stranger or someone who told you, you were married to her and …” “I understand what you mean but I promised I will do everything to remember you and my children, the doctors said the treatment I was on will help me remember things very soon.” He cuts in. they continued to chat heartily sitting under the hut house till morning when they both returned inside to get some sleep.











Chapter 15: The sky has finally come out
“I know you hate me but please let me explain to you the reason why I did that,” Dr. Aliyah Sandra’s father started, “You need to sit down first and please calm down, I told my daughter to invite you here because I know you will not come if I had called you over myself,” “You know the reason why?Don’t you know sir, what more do you want with me after all these months I still can’t remember my family,” Saric interrupts him, “Son please pay a attention, when you were brought to the hospital I recognized you immediately, all these years while I have been searching for you Ishmael Aliyah, yes I know you are surprised that I know your middle and last name. you are my nephew my brother’s son, ever since I returned from the states I have searched for you all this while, I know right now you don’t understand anything but if you give me the chance I make you understand,” he pleaded, Saric sat for a while then agreed to listen to him, his daughter wanted to excused herself but her father made her sit because this matter also concerned her, they both sat down and paid attention to Dr. Aliyah, “Your mother was only 25 years when he married your father my brother, I was going to travel to the states but I delayed my flight and stayed a couple of months with your mother and my brother before leaving, we got to know your mother was pregnant and I was very happy and I insisted that the baby be named after me, I was called Ishmael and they agreed, your mother was from Northern region so she named you after her father Saric and me Ishmael, I left two months in her in pregnancy, my brother called me two weeks later and told me our uncles were fighting with him over our fathers properties and he was scared for his wife and his child’s life,  so we agreed he would fly your mother  over to me but he died a week after and your mother suffered in their hands, when I returned a year later to come for you, I was told you have already left so I returned back to the states, one of our uncles called me and informed me that your mother has died and she died in a motor accident I asked of you and they told me they never found you, years later, I hired a private investigator to search for you, I took me years and even I never found you till the day you were brought to the hospital, I was scared to lose you again that was why I kept you here with me, I found out that our uncles couldn’t touch our properties because your father already registered them in yours and my name, so they couldn’t touch it unless both of us are no more, they were searching for you to kill you and then claim the properties after that, so that night when they brought you wounded, I thought they finally had you so I lied to them about you been dead so I can protect you,” he goes inside and comes out with a box containing pictures, he showed the pictures of his late father and his late mother, his grandparents and other people, apparently his mother was an orphan and was rescued by his father because her uncles wanted her to get married to a man with four wives and who was much, much older than your mother. he ended the story, “All these well I have been suffering my whole life because of my greedy uncles, my father was killed and my mother died because of extreme poverty, and then anytime I get someone to help me, they just died and I was to be blamed, by the grace of God my foster father Mr. Nancy was very caring he is alive up till now and I have siblings, I am an architect now and I am married with a woman and a very beautiful son, I also have a beautiful daughter who was born while they thought I was dead and now I have found out I have a real family, an uncle and a cousin,” he cried and laughed at the same time, “Do you know what you have just done?” the questioned came as a surprised to him, “No, I don’t get you,” he stated confusedly, “You just remembered everything, you remembered your childhood, your pain, your suffering and everything,” he smiled, Saric hugged his uncle and his cousin, this day he was one of my happiest day, uncle I promise you I will be back but please let me go and meet my wife and my children, see you uncle,” he runs out and drives straight to see Vanessa, when he got there, he screamed and shouted on top of his voice, this commotion made everyone come out and see what was going on, 
Vanessa I love you and I remember everything, Mrs. Vanessa Aliyah, will you come with me to a one week holiday and for us to continue from where we left off, Vanessa was blushing because one, her husband has remembered everything now and secondly he has made all these commotion for people to come and witness their love for each other. “Yes I will come with you but who is going to take care of the children,” “That is not a problem, we will go with them you don’t think I will let them out of this vacation not especially my little Vanric, so honey start packing now, I love you” I love you too, everybody clapped for the couples who have been through all.   
They left for Dubai for a week vacation but turned into several weeks, when they got back, they renewed their vows, everybody was present there, Tracy and Fredrick, Derby and her husband Joe, Mr. William and Mrs. Selasie, Vanessa’s parents, Dr. Aliyah and his daughter Sandra, Princess, Mr. Nancy and his sons and also Dora, their children in fact the children were made up of all the couples there and a lots of other people from the company. Saric received all his late father’s properties and also had those responsible for his death apprehended, he opened a foundation in the name of his parents and all those who has helped him and passed on, and the foundation was to help children who were once like him.
A year later little Saric was born and there was jubilation everywhere. Ten years later, their family and business have grown to a very high level, his story spread like wild fire in the whole of the country, he was invited to give a speech at public gatherings and also important places, telling his story to people made him happy because he knows they will always learn from them, he always said, if God be on your side no one can be against you, he always got an applaud for his speeches, he even wrote an autograph about his story and it was sold to all works of life, whenever you walked on the streets, you could see one or more people reading the book dubbed  ‘The story of Saric.’ 
He sat with his wife at their hut house and remembered how much they had suffered to be together and now they are together, and enjoying their lives together and forever more by God’s grace. Their children run to them and sat on their laps, “Daddy when I grow I want to be just like you,” Willy who was closer to his father stated, “Thank you son but remember,” they all said it together, “If God be with you no one can be against you,” they laughed and hugged each other, 
There was a family vacation in which everyone came, their families and friends and everyone they loved, it was all-white attire party, they were celebrating the victory after years of battle, the clouds have finally cleared up so we can see the clear shiny skies and it was beautiful to adore, there is no more pain just love and happiness with my family.
When troubles and pain comes that doesn’t mean you have to give up, troubles doesn’t come our way so we can give up. Troubles comes our way so we can overcome them and be strong, 
Love comes into our life to give us comfort and care, when we learn to love, we must trust first because love without trust is like a tree without roots.





















