The Kansas Rascal
© Copyright 1998 by Terry Aspinall
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means electronic, mechanical, photographic (photocopying) recording, or otherwise without prior permission in writing from the author.
ISBN: 9781301285242 
Published by Terry Aspinall
www.terryaspinall.com
Smashwords Edition
This book is available in E-book format at most online retailers.
It is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.
Short Story
This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, locations and incidents are the product of the author's imagination, or have been used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, locals or events is entirely coincidental.
TABLE OF CONTENT
Copyright

Chapter 1 - CONTACT
Chapter 2 - BRADLEY
Chapter 3 - MYSTERY
Chapter 4 - UNKNOWN
Chapter 5 - ARRIVAL
Chapter 6 - DISBELIEF
Chapter 7 - REALITY

Other books by this Author
Chapter1
1998
CONTACT
"Hi would you like to chat" were the words that suddenly appeared on the computer screen catching Brad by surprise. Nervously he hit the reply message button and slowly typed out the word "Yes". He then hesitated with the cursor arrow hovering on the send button. Not knowing whether he should either send a reply or just ignore it completely. After all this was a whole new world for him, and he was worried that he might make a mistake or even stuff up the whole computer.
His son Steve had earlier downloaded the contact forum for him and he was still not quite sure how to even operate it correctly. For him it was like a game of chance, of hitting a button and watching what happened next. His brain was by now working over time, worrying what would be the consequences of his action the minute he hit the send button. One thing that was going through his head was what would people think if they knew he was talking to somebody on the Internet. Was he that lonely, was he a pervert or something, why could he not go out one evening and just find himself a girl friend at a club.
After a few seconds he slowly let his finger apply pressure to the cursor button. And before he knew it, it clicked making him jump a little. Almost immediately a little man started to revolve up on the screen. Brad who had been holding his breath let out a small sigh. Working out that it must be the sign that the reply was on its way to the mystery person at the other end, wherever that was. He suddenly realised that he had not taken any notice of the details from the mystery message. Maybe he should have typed in more, maybe he should have signed it with his name. What if it was from a man, or somebody living just down the road. Slowly a little bit of horror started nibbling at his imagination. What had he started, what was it going to lead to, or more to the point how was it all going to end up.
"Tell me something about yourself" suddenly appeared up on the screen. Brad fumbled with the keys in a hurry to answer, not realising that he could take his time. In his haste to answer Brad began making lots of mistakes, not wanting to look like a novice he kept correcting his spelling. He typed out that he was a musician and played in a local band and was also into magic specialising in card routines, and writing short stories. Then without a second thought and not wanting to take too long, he hit the send button. He then sat back feeling happy with himself, wow he had answered his second message. After a couple of seconds that seemed like minutes to him, he suddenly threw his arms up in the air realising that he had still not noticed anything about the sender. Brad had hit the reply button on the sender’s message, this meant that when he sent his answer, the sender’s message disappeared from his screen. As well and being the novice that he was, he was scared to hit to many buttons just in case he dropped out while talking to his first contact.
"That sounds exciting" was the reply. He was suddenly lost for words, what would he say next, after all this mystery writer had still not mention anything about them self. He also realised that he was writing long messages while he was only receiving very short answers that basically said nothing about the unseen writer. With this message he took the time to read the answer, it was from a person with a nicknamed of 'Rascal', but still no hint of whether they were male or a female. Maybe somebody was playing him along and having fun at his expense or maybe it was a group of them, all having a good laugh. Brad typed in "What do you do", hoping to find out a little more and then hit the send button.
"I'm a manager in customer service" oh that's great I’m talking to a guy he thought, now how do I get out of these conversations.
When Steve had set the program up for him he had also explained that there were a lot of ignorant people out there on the net. Some would just stop talking to you without any explanation and leave you standing around awaiting an answer that would not be forthcoming. Brad made up his mind that he would not treat people like that, he had started the conversation, so now he would finish it. He slowly typed in asking where they lived and what was their weather like, realising that he was still sending very long messages. Maybe this time the answer would be a little longer and more informative, he hit the send button.
"Kansas and it's been a very hot day, but it will soon be autumn". Brad sat up to read this one. That’s a better answer and America that sounds nice, he sat there for a few moments wondering what to say next, maybe I should tell them about Brisbane, yes that's it. He had just started to type in a message about Brisbane, when another message suddenly popped up on his screen.
"I have to go now thanks for the chat, catch up with you again" and suddenly they were gone. Brad was a little stunned it was all over so quickly and he had learnt very little about this mystery person. He had started the session by bringing up a random chat mode. This had brought up a list of different people on to his screen, not knowing what to do, the moment he saw 'Rascal' he just thought this is the one. I’ve got to start somewhere so here goes hitting the make contact button. And now here he was, after a short chat with a complete stranger, knowing nothing about them. He started to think that maybe he had talked too much, maybe he had scared them away, or maybe he shouldn’t have sent long answers. If there were to be a next time he would be a bit more careful. This whole first episode on the net left him feeling very deflated, he had no sense of having accomplished anything but it had left him a little excited.
Because of this first experience on the net, Brad did not bother to use the new chat program over the next couple of weeks. Instead he choose to use his time on the computer writing, and also getting used to searching the web. This was a whole new world for him and he had a lot to learn, plus he was in a hurry. He had always said that one day he would get on the web, but like a lot of other people his age it was always a case of one day. He had finally taken the plunge and here he was with a vast appetite to learn, and learn it fast. He would spend many hours just browsing looking at the wonders that this technology could bring into his living room. It soon became evident that there was not a subject that could not be looked up and tapped into in great detail.
Then one day while he was looking up some trivia and listening to some music that was playing on the computer. There came a noise that sounded like a door knocking. Down on the bottom right hand corner of the screen, on the tool bar appeared a symbol of a little yellow flashing envelope. Brad froze, for a moment wondering what was going on, this was new he’d not seem this before. He moved the cursor around not really knowing where to land it or what to do, finally letting it settle on the flashing envelope. After a little hesitation he clicked the button wondering what an earth was going to happen next.
"Hi how are you today". In reading the message Brad’s eyes were scanning the whole message trying to take in as much of the information as possible. His heart skipped a beat as he saw that the message was from Rascal in the USA. He rushed off a reply acknowledging the message. Just a few seconds later Rascal was back asking what the weather was like and from where was he calling. Brad answered that he was from Brisbane in Australia and that it had been a fine sunny day, all so adding that he was interested in where Rascal came from.
"Boy you have a short memory Kansas" popped up on the screen. Brad was taken aback that’s right, now he remembered yes it was Kansas. He started to write a reply when another message flashed on his screen, this time it looked like a file symbol. So he clicked the button and up came a message saying that a file had been down loaded in his computer. Therefore he set about searching for it, still very nervous, he was in territory that was new to him. When finally he clicked on the file it informed him that a message was attached. Brad was stopped in his tracks, his first thoughts were of a virus. He did not know this person and he had not requested this extra information so why were they sending it to him. He was scared not really wanting to open the file and look at it. All he could think about was a virus, had somebody lured him in and now they were going to wipe out all of his computer files. The whole thing did not make sense to him, so he sent a message back, asking what it was and how could he open it. Rascal was very obliging, telling him that it was a photo and then went on to explain how he could open it. Brad was still not convinced, but knowing that a photo was waiting, well it intrigued him. Like with most people it would be enough for their curiosity to open it up. However with Brad in his anti-virus worrying mode it did not seem like a good idea. Finally the whole mystery got the better of him, like it would have done to most people. He clicked on the file and up on the screen suddenly appeared a photo of a girl. At the same time a message explained that it was Rascal, and that it had been taken the previous Christmas.
Brad’s eyes lit up, well at least I’ve been talking to a girl he thought and not a guy, and he felt a little light relief at the sight of the photo. Rascal went on to tell Brad that she had two grown up sons, Next it was Brad’s turn to be grilled, about where he lived and what he got up to, his likes and his dislike’s. He then plucked up the courage to ask her name. As Brad was reading the answer from the screen he imagined he could actually hear her say "Amy". She then went on to add that he should always remember that she was a Rascal. Brad had to read this two or three times trying to work out what she meant. He finally gave up, thinking that maybe it was some sort of code. Brad definitely wanted to chat with her again so he asked how he went about this. She spelled out to Brad how to put her name up on his task bar and add it his contact list. Amy then added Brad’s name to her list. Now he would be able to see whenever she came on line. Because her name would change colour, from a red meaning she is off line, to a blue. Indicating that she is now on line, plus he would be able to hear that door knocking sound again, He would then be able to click on her name and they would be able to contact each other immediately. She asked if this was his regular time that he came on line. He hurriedly replied, "Yes if he was not working, but usually it was in the early evening when he got home from a job", "But that would be the early hours of the morning for her".
Without realising it Brad had chatted to Amy for over two hours and the information had flowed freely between them. In fact Brad felt very disappointed when it became time for her to sign off. The time had slipped bye, it was now almost midnight in Kansas, and she had to go to work the next day. Amy sent a farewell to him and was gone. Brad looked at the clock on his computer it was 3 pm Australian time. Grabbing his calculator he hastily worked out the time difference. Amy was 15 hours behind Brisbane time, this was going to be awkward trying to chat on a regular basis. However, she was infectious, coupled with the air of mystery he desperately wanted to be able to keep in contact.
The next few days were a worry for Brad he was working away from home. So it meant that he would not be able to chat with Amy. He got to thinking that maybe she would think he was not interested and was bored with talking to her, which was far from the truth. During the quiet times of the day he found himself thinking of her and all the questions that he was dying to ask. One lunch hour he went to the local library and looked up Kansas. He was eager to find out anything he could on the area where she lived. Kansas is a big place and he was not sure where to start looking. Amy had mentioned at one time that she lived about a 350 miles round trip from Wichita, so that narrowed down the search area to a mere one million square miles. Kansas was right in the middle of the Country and his finger soon stopped on Wichita. Next he moved his finger what he thought was 175 miles away from the city and steadily drew an imaginary circle around the city. He had not a clue what he was looking for, but he did take in a lot of the town and river names. This area was like a Cowboy’s who’s who of the Wild West. Brad had always been very interested in the Wild West, the true Wild West that is. He had read lots of true factual stories on the times of the Gunfighters and Lawmakers.
On arrival back home he just couldn’t wait to get on to the computer and make contact with Amy. The usual time that they had chatted was around 1 pm, but he could not wait. So at midday he hit Rascals name on the task bar and sent a message to her. After about half an hour he was feeling very disappointed that he had not received a reply. To relieve the boredom he dialled in to the net and proceeded to look up Kansas once again still eager to pick up any more information that might be available. It was while he was doodling with the keys that he suddenly remembered that Amy had mentioned the area of Ellis County in fact she had even given him a site address. Brad clicked onto Rascal to look up their chat history. Somewhere within would be the site address. Sure enough there it was, and within a couple of minutes he was browsing the Ellis County web pages. What he was looking for now was where she had mentioned that she was an assistant manager and worked for a farm supplier general store. A place like that in Australia would be called a service town. Somewhere where the farmers could stock up on all the goods that they required to run their farm.
No it was another brick wall, so just as a guess he settled on Ellis Town. Although he really did not have a clue if this was the right place or not. He would just have to wait and add it to the long list of questions that he had prepared to ask when next he chatted with her on line. However, it was now a week since they had last chatted, maybe she was not interested with keeping in contact with him. He spent the rest of the day just mopeing around. At one time he convinced himself that he would not be talking to her anymore and felt a little sad at the prospect.
Because of the photo that Amy had sent he had realised that he was handicapped and was not able to return the gesture, he had nothing on file that he could send. So he set about scanning some photos of himself and stored them in an easy accessible place. So when required he would be able to lay his hands on them quickly. There was the poster photo that he used for his magic act, the one that had his hair blackened up, hiding the little flecks of grey that were starting to appear. Along with a couple of the bands he played in.
He got up to make a cup of coffee, suddenly as he was topping up the kettle with water, there came the sound of somebody knocking on the door. Who could that be he thought, his eyes lit up as he realised that it was coming from the computer. He glanced across and sure enough somebody had come on line. He perked right up when he realised it was Rascal, her name on the task bar had changed to blue and there was a yellow flashing letter beside her name. He dropped the kettle in his haste to return to the computer, a cup of coffee at this moment in time was the furthest thing from his mind. He clicked on the yellow flashing letter, it seemed like an eternity, but in fact it was only a few seconds. The next moment he was reading, "Hi want a chat", once again he thought that he could hear her saying the words. She had returned and still wanted to chat with him. He wrote back saying "Hi, I’ve been working away for a few days and missed having a chat with you". "So did I" she replied, a sigh of relief fell over him, he had not been forgotten after all.
Brad went on to tell Amy that he had used some of his spare time to look up Kansas on the net. "Do you come from Ellis", "No" she said "Hays the town of Hays on the 170 Interstate Highway". He had been wrong again but at least now he had managed to get the name of the town from her.
Brad asked what the town of Hays was like. "Oh it’s a small country town, very hot at the moment and with no trees". No trees he thought that was strange, but then he had seen that few years earlier in a book he had read about Dartmoor in England. Brad flashed off a quick message, that he had noticed all the Cowboy names of the places around her. Amy replied "Not Cowboy, but Indian names". "Yes I know I saw them all on the map". "Gee you live amongst the history of the Old West don’t you". "No need for you to go to the museums. It's all on your door step".
The excitement started to build inside him as he pre-warned Amy that he was sending through a picture of himself taken while with one of the bands that he had played in. One click of the mouse and the attachment was gone. This was more new ground for him, and he hoped that it all worked out. Amy received it with no problems, so Brad launched into a flurry of activity by sending all of what he had stored up for this occasion. By the time he’d finished sending everything that he had, he suddenly realised that maybe Amy did not want a complete photograph album coming through her computer. He was relieved when she acknowledged that she had received them and thought they were good. In return she sent Brad one of her two boys with their girlfriends.
Brad had a lot of questions that he wanted to ask Amy, but he was scared in case they seemed too personal or at least she would take them personal. This might put her off having these conversations and could lead to her not wanting to chat in the future. Therefore it was with this in mind that he was careful in what he asked. He was also still aware that he was writing very long messages and at times he would send two messages to Amy’s one just like a person cutting into somebody while they were talking. This he knew was not good, after all in a real conversation, he would not do this so why was he doing it now. He put it down to the excitement that he felt as they chatted, he was racing ahead of himself.
Without realising it Brad was becoming infatuated with the mysterious Rascal, he based his whole day on being able to chat with her. If a job came up so that he could not talk to her he became very depressed. Strange how somebody can have feelings for a person they have never met, maybe it’s that air of mystery when the imagination just runs away with you. You can imagine the most perfect scenario and person in the world. In other words it’s like a dream where it all works out fine in the end, only in real life it's not always like that.
Maybe he was wrong letting his feelings run away from him over a person he had never met. More to the point he might never meet in the future. The photo he had received could be false it could still be a guy who was just playing him along just the thought made a chill run down his spine. He had to admit that he was falling in love with somebody he could not see. In this state of mind he was even more vulnerable, he would take anything she said as true and never ever think that it could all be just one big joke on him. He was falling in love with a person he could not see, but at times he would swear that he could hear her voice as he read her messages.
The one thing that kept nagging in the back of his mind was what he had read in one of the first messages that Amy had sent him. "My name is Amy, but remember I’m a Rascal". Would these words come back to haunt him one day?
Of course not, he was just like any other guy who thought he was in love, these sorts of things never happen in real life, it only happened in books or films not to the guy in the street.
During their next chat Brad asked if she remember what they had talked about in earlier conversations, because he was having problems? Easy she replied I keep a notebook beside me and add all the details of the guys I speak to around the world. That way I don’t make a fool of myself getting people mixed up.
Brad froze other guys! Oh no! Just like I thought I’m just a name on a list, knowing my luck I would think that I’m also on the bottom.  Once he had gained his composure he started thinking that if he was on the bottom of the list. What was the point in keeping up the chat meetings that they were having. He was feeling very sorry for himself so on the spur of the moment he thought of an excuse, so that he could sign off for the day. He bade her good night and it was all over for that day at least. Now he would have to think what he was to do or say the next time they chatted, if indeed there was to be a next time.
One sleepless night later and Brad was dialling up Amy once again. It had not taken him long to realise that he still wanted to chat with her. He had feelings but had become slightly jealous being told that she chatted with other guys. Although she had every right to do so. After all Brad had only been chatting with her for a few short weeks and it was supposed to be a pen friend sort of relationship. They weren’t exactly lovers, it was Brad who had been looking for a partner, and Amy had only just dialled him up for a random chat. The whole situation was made worse by Brad’s inability to be honest and come right out and ask Amy if she was looking for a partner. Somehow he just could not find the words and even if he could he was worried that it would scare her off. Anyway they lived two worlds apart, nothing would ever come of this sort of distant communication.
Once again he could not wait until 1 pm, so he dialled in at noon, but just as he was about to send the message, there came the sound he most wanted to hear. It was the knock-knock from the computer and Rascals name on the task bar was changing from red to blue. He became very excited and this convinced him that she was still eager to talk to him as he was to her.
He clicked on to the yellow envelope that was flashing by her name, "Hi Brad how are you today",  "I’m fine" he replied. "What sort of weekend did you have". Brad went on to explain that he had had an enjoyable time playing with the band on Friday night at a local football club. Where everybody had been in party mode and enjoying themselves, some a little more worse for wear than others, with the alcohol taking them over the top. Then on Saturday night he had demonstrated his magic ability to a large crowd at a bowls club.
Magic was his main love and pass time, something that he did well and the audience appreciated witnessing his expert skills with a deck of cards. He was not in to general magic even though he could perform it well. No his forte was with a simple deck of playing cards. In fact on the club circuit of Brisbane, he had picked up the nickname of "Ace". A title that he did not mind and at times he relished it. In a way it was recognition for those long laborious hours and years of constant practising at home and it showed during his performances.
However, that’s enough about my weekend what sort of weekend did you have, he asked. "Oh just a lazy one took my dog out for a long walk and we played together, you know I love my dog, Caught up on some paperwork and some woman’s work around the house that I had been constantly putting off for that rainy day". "Why did it rain then", "No silly it’s just a saying, in fact it was nice and sunny over the whole weekend with no clouds or wind". "What time of year is it then" Brad asked, "We are almost at the end of our summer, so it will be cooling off soon but until then it’s very nice, not to hot and not to cold, what time of year is it in Brisbane then". "We are just coming into our spring, I think it’s the best time of the year here, and like you just said, for us also, this time of year is not to hot and not to cold, just about right". "January and February can be to hot and also very humid, that’s the time to take a holiday overseas, if you can afford it that is".
With this Brad had an E-mail message come in, that his services were urgently required to repair some machinery, for the company that he contracted to. So he reluctantly and hastily sent a message to explain this to Amy. For her it was almost midnight anyway and she desperately needed a good night's sleep before her return to work after the weekend. So they passed on  their farewells with sleep tight messages, with Brad always looking for those little tell tale secret hidden messages that he always hope were there. Sadly no, same as before he could not read anything into it, maybe next time he thought, yes maybe next time. Suddenly she was gone and it was the end of another meeting.
He was now spending a great deal of his time just thinking of his mystery girl from Kansas. He was always dreaming up things to say to her, knowing that at the time he would either forget or just not have the courage to say it. He realised that he was falling in love with a person he had never seen and for all he knew might not exist. Be based this assumption on the type of conversations that they were having. Nobody would keep this sort of thing up day in day out for a couple of months. Wondering if she felt the same way as him was hard to work out. He did not seem to be able to work it out by her answers to his questions. Soon he would have to find a way of addressing the problem if he wanted to progress with the relationship.
"Hi Brad" was the message that came up on his screen later that week, they went in to the usually asking of questions and answers.  While they were chatting Amy asked "Tell me about Brisbane". Brad sent several messages describing the city and the southeast corner of Queensland. His favourite description of the area was to use a local saying "Beautiful one day and perfect the next". Amy liked that and went on to explained that where she worked there used to be a guy from Australia and that he had gone into depth to her about the country. She then went on to say that she would love to visit, and have a look for herself. Brad saw his chance to see how she responded and replied, "You would be most welcome to come and stay with me". "Thank you very much I would love to, but I never seem to get the time. My job ties me down, then there’s my family and my dog not to mention the cost". This was not the sort of answer he’d wanted to hear. Brad had wanted to hear that she would want to come at all costs, in fact he wanted her to be on the next flight to Australia. By giving him those excuses was she trying to edge away from the situation that she might find herself in later? It went through Brad’s head that maybe she was married. After all, up to this point neither of them had asked each other if this was the case.
Brad explained that she must be positive in her thinking. "She must have a vision or goal sometime in her life and by thinking positive she could accomplish most things. If you have something to strike out for, then you can make it real, you can make it happen, you will be able to fill that void in your life.
Before they knew it their precious two hours had passed and Amy was telling Brad that she had to go. She had a hard day ahead of her tomorrow and needed a good night's sleep. So they sent each other goodnight messages with the usual sleep tight, sweet dreams and see you tomorrow that went on for a few more minutes.
Then she was gone, now Brad had another full day ahead of him in which to think about all they had chatted about, and to plan what he would be saying to her tomorrow, or the next time that they chatted. However, her early words still haunted him, "But Remember I’m a Rascal". What had she meant, sleep was hard to come by that night.
Chapter 2
BRADLEY NEWMAN
Brad was a tall good-looking guy in his late forty’s, with a hint of grey in his hair that gave him a stately look. He had been married a couple of times, the first ending in divorce, neither party being able to see eye to eye with each other. After just a couple of years they called it a day and parted on reasonable terms with. Luckily there had been no children to argue  over. However, his second marriage was a success, they were in love from the start. This was real love that only comes around once in a while. This was not a lover’s flirtation without long-term feelings, which a lot of people seem to experience. They would go and do everything together. Local people called them the umbilical twins because of their closeness. Life was good to them and they had boy who they named Steve. Sadly after twenty years of togetherness his wife passed away with breast cancer leaving a very big hole in his life, a wound that would take almost ten years to heal.
Bradley Newman was born in May 1944 in the very small rural country town of Laidley situated in Southeast Queensland, just outside of Brisbane. The event took place in the house that belonged to one of his Aunts, where his mother was staying during the Second World War. While his father was away serving with the Australian Army in Europe. After the War and upon his father’s return and demobilisation from the Army, they all moved into their very first home in Laidley. This was where Bradley spent his early years growing up. Attending the local school and making lots of friends from around the area. His early education was about average for a young child, not standing out in a crowd. The one thing he was very interested in was the local swimming pool where he spent a lot of his spare time, Teaching himself to swim by the age of five.
His parents bought a piano and it was hoped that Brad (as he became known as) would be able to learn to play. However, it was a little out of his reach and ability. Even after his mother had wrote the notes in pencil on the white keys to assist him. A one-finger method was all he achieved. Brad's interest span time was very short, instead of practising he just wanted to be out playing with all his school chums and skylarking about. Realising that it was a little beyond him, especially when it became evident that neither his mother nor father could master it either. The piano was sold and the subject dropped.
That same year Brad left the junior school, and headed for another school for bigger children at the other end of the town. He was very lucky that the town was large enough to have both schools. Most children from the outlying districts spent several hours a week travelling on rickety old buses to reach their place of learning. Brad was just an average sort of youngster, with an education to suite, and he hated school, just doing enough to get him by. The whole exercise was one big bore for him. Although he knew he had to go, he just wasn’t going to do more than was necessary. Those four years was the longest four years that he would ever have to endure.
To lighten up those years, he would always be skylarking about, he became the centre of attraction, the life and soul of the party.  He was the guy who was always laughing. He was the guy who always had a funny answer to anybody’s questions. He would make fun of anybody including the teachers. In fact at times his sense of humour caused a few people to wonder about his sanity. Because he would always have a funny (funny to Brad) line, even in the blackest of situations that  included death.
During a music lesson supervised by a very young female teacher, the pupils were all singing a well known tune. Except Brad as he could not sing a note (in tune that is). He was doing his usual thing of sitting in the back row of the class amongst the girls, as he could always get a good laugh from them. Plus he liked and preferred their company. Everybody was singing away at the top of their voices, while Brad was just opening and shutting his mouth with no sound coming out. Halfway through the song  the teacher who was standing at the front of the class started coughing and spluttering. Which finally turned into her choking very badly. Brad suddenly jumped up shouting "Is there a doctor in the house". "I'll get her to spit out that chewing gum, I’ve told her not to chew that stuff in class". Although by now Brad could see that the situation was deteriorating and becoming serious. With a couple of quick lines of the only song he could sing reasonably well he left the room to the straining sounds of. "Jailer bring me water, Jailer bring me water". The girls changing rooms were directly across the corridor from the music class. So Brad thought this would be a good reason to have a look and see what the girls got up to in there. He found the taps easily but he could not find a drinking glass. On the window shelf was a small bunch of flowers sitting in an old jam jar. So he took the flowers out and threw them away and filled up the dirty looking jam jar with some water from the tap. Rushing back into the Classroom to the strained tune of, "Well its Water Water everywhere and not a drop to drink", (a Guy Mitchell hit song of the day). Brad hastily gave the teacher the water. That poor teacher, it was embarrassing enough her choking in front of the class, without Brad scoring a few cheap laughs from her in this situation. By now the whole classroom was in an uproar. The teacher soon found her composure and brought the class to some resemblance of order. She thanked Brad for being the Good Samaritan and asked him to return to his seat. Which he did after taking a bow towards his fellow classmates, and then walked to his seat to a rapturous applause from everybody in the room. Brad made a good friend that day as the teacher  would always pick on him to help her. In return Brad actually started to take an interest in music, and looked forward to the weekly music class, he even started to try and sing in tune.
Upon leaving school he went to work for the local power board as an apprentice electrician. It was a trade he had always wanted to get into, now he was able to follow in his father's footsteps. The thought of having money in his pocket each week gave him a nice feeling. It was not long before his earlier introductions to music caught up with him and he thumbed a lift into Brisbane one day, where he purchased his very first Guitar. He would then spend many hours in his bedroom trying to master the skills needed to get a decent tune out of the thing.  He was also spending some of his hard earned wages on little magic tricks, a skill he was also trying to teach himself. However, this was mainly card tricks, cards were cheaper to buy, easy to carry round and Brad thought the tricks were easier to learn. Not that professional magicians felt the same way about this line of thought.
The novelty of work and its low wage only took two years to wear off.  With all the extra night school work, and daily college for three months of the year. This stopped him joining in and going out with many of his friends, who all seemed to earned much more money than him. Mind you they were all labourers and unskilled. So against his parent’s wishes, who tried desperately to make him understand that, on his successful completion of the apprenticeship, he would be able to double his wage as against his mates. However, this was all to no avail and he walked out and broke his apprenticeship with the power board.
Brad took a job with a local building firm and found himself on a shovel, digging hole and undertaking the usual jobs that labourers do in the building industry. The first big problem he came up against was that this type of work left his hands very rough and dry. This was the worst thing that could have happened while he was trying to learn to play the Guitar and specially trying to practice his magic card tricks. For this he needed very smooth hands so the playing cards would slide though his hands very easily. So reluctantly he gradually gave up the magic sessions and his Guitar playing, both of which, he was becoming very good at. The work and the life style forced him into this decision. Yes he was earning a lot more money now but he was also spending it, trying to keep up with all of his friends. By the end of the week his pockets were still empty and he had nothing to show for it.
He felt like he had fallen in to a big hole, a type of trap that he could not get out of. So one morning he awoke told his mother that he was not going to work that day and that he would see her later. He then thumbed a lift into Brisbane, found the local Army recruiting office and by the end of the day had signed on the dotted line. He was now a member of the Australian Army. His parents were not too keen on the idea but at least they agreed that in Laidley he did not seem to be going anywhere. With luck it would be the making of him and upon his return he would be a better person after the experience.
He under took all of the usual training that Armies put their soldiers through and shone as a recruit. He always stood out amongst the other lads but for the right reasons. Upon the completion of his basic training, he volunteered and managed to get  transfer into the Special Air Service. Before he knew it he was off to Perth where he underwent more training, but this time it was far more intense. Once again he stood out to all of the instructors on the course and made a name for himself, as a guy who got on with the job and never complained. On the completion of this special training he was given a couple of weeks leave. Then before he knew it he was whisked off to Vietnam on Active Service. This was a scenario that neither he nor his parents had ever envisaged. Although Brad took it all in his stride, he knew that there was a job to be done and if it was not him then it would be some other poor soul. Who would be called up and sent out there unwilling. For Brad well he had volunteered, that’s what he was being paid for. He had the attitude of so what, so let’s get out there and get the job finish and finished right.
Brad spent nearly eighteen months fighting the Communists in South East Asia. During that time he made quite a name for himself being mentioned in dispatches twice, both times for rescuing friends under fire. However, on one occasion a mortar bomb had gone off beside him, killing the serviceman he was carry across his shoulder. Fortunately for Brad though he never took a hit, but the explosion was so close to him that it affected his ears. He was not able to hear for a week and when his hearing did return it also brought with it bad migraine attacks.  This became such a problem that upon his return to Australia he was invalided out of the service. The military felt that while on active service he could be a liability to his comrades around him This was a bad blow to a guy who had set his heart on serving the full twenty-two years and picking up the full pension upon his release.
So just five years after leaving the little country town of Laidley, here he was back and with no hint of a job. There are not many explosives experts wanted by the local farmers or building firms. One of the first things that he did on his return was to pick up his Guitar and later on a deck of cards. If he could not get a job then he would head for Brisbane and earn a living making music and magic.
That’s exactly what he did for the next twenty-five years, he played in an array of Brisbane bands and when the gigs were not coming in he toured around the clubs performing his brand of magic with just a deck of cards. He was very lucky with his migraine attacks they did easy up on him, and what few attacks he got he managed to control them with many pain killing tablets.
During this time he met up with a young Brisbane girl called Joan and they were married within six months of their first meeting. This was a big mistake for both of them. They constantly argued with each other and were not really a good match. The writing was and had been for a long time on the wall. Right from the start, even with the help from both their parents their marriage was not going to survive. In fact the strain was telling on Brad by the increase in the migraine attacks that he was experiencing. Within a couple of years it was all over. Brad moved out into rented accommodation. While his wife went back to live with her parents.
Brad found himself struggling to survive on his own. What with paying for his own accommodation plus having to keep his now departed family, it was all one big struggle on a musicians not very regular income.
Then came the night of a chance meeting with a young lady at one of the football clubs that his band was playing at. Brad found himself sitting next to her at one of the gaming machines known as pokies. They got chatting after she had just had a big win. Brad had said to her "Wow that will buy a few drinks", "Sure will" she replied, "What do you drink". He was taken aback a little and certainly not expecting the answer, but within a split second he found himself saying "Yeah I’ll have a beer".
That night saw the birth of true love between them, it was all out of the blue and unrehearsed, but all the pieces just dropped into place perfectly. Her name was Brenda, and before they knew it they both fell madly in love, after meeting most evenings of the week. Brenda started to follow Brad to all of the band bookings and became a regular face alongside him.
These were the days when they picked up the nickname of the "Umbilical Twins", they were the days when they were never seen a part. Within six months Brenda had moved in with Brad and they were sharing a life together. Brenda took a big interest in Brad’s music, helping him in any way possible. Being a seamstress by trade she delighted in making all of his stage cloths. Taking several weeks in designing and making him a very special Jacket that he could use for his magic show. It had lots of hidden pockets, a must for a magician. Being a one off design it was unique and Brad was the envy of most of the local Brisbane magicians.
Their followed 20 years of devoted love and bliss between them and they were blessed with two very active, healthy children, a boy and a girl. They worshipped each other, it was a relationship that was made in heaven. It was as though they were good mates in that they did everything together, Brad even lost touch with a lot of his male friends not wanting to go out with them, preferring the company of Brenda for the full twenty four hours of the day. Brenda was eight years younger than Brad but it did not show, their taste and thinking was much the same.  She worked in the textile business with a local factory as a supervisor. Brad would always take her and pick her up from work a routine that they did for years, just wanting to spend as much time together as possible. Their closeness showed with the birth of their first child Steve. They had read all the books on the subject together each night as they lay on their bed. They relied on each one hundred percent and not on other people, who always seemed so distant to them anyway. With the birth Brad took on a leading role in looking after their first-born. Realising that it was something that he had not experienced during his first marriage. He relished in the chores that always accompany a newborn child. It was also to last, never once did he come up with the old adage that it was women’s work. Plus he wasn’t worried what his mates thought after all he never saw much of them nowadays anyway.
Sadly after twenty years of bliss Brads life was thrown into total turmoil. When Brenda developed breast cancer and died in a very short period of time. Leaving Brad devastated almost to the point where he had contemplated suicide. Brad had never considered himself as a singer, he sang the occasional song at a band gig. However to farewell his beloved Brenda he sang her favourite song during the church service. So started the long period of grieving and heartbreak that seemed to go on forever.  It was his children, Steve and Jackie that helped him through this very rough time. Without them he would have just dropped off the radar and gone into a drunken, drug ridden stupor.
It took almost five years for some resemblance of normality to return to his life. To forget his anguish he just concentrated on playing with his band and performing magic. Right now that was all he was cable off, but by performing almost every night it ensured his mind was on other things. The worst part was always the late nights, when his imagination ran riot. By performing late into the night it guaranteed that he would be dead tired when he returned home. So he would fall asleep almost immediately and would at least grab a few hours relaxation. Once he woke he would have to get up otherwise he would just lie there with his imagination running riot. It was best that he got up and tried to do something constructive.
Steve his son bought him a present and introduced him to the world of computers. This was just what he needed something to get his brain back into the reality of life. Something that could open new doors for him, something that would not remind him of his heartbreaking past.
So started another phase in his life. Learning of the modern world, that he had not been part of during the past couple of years. In his thirst for knowledge on this new toy he started trying to write stories. Something that he had always promised himself, it was one of those going do jobs that never seem to come around. For Brad it had finally come around and he relished at the challenge. While honing his new found skills on the computer keyboard he was introduced into another side of this modern world. A world that allowed people from around the world to communicate with each by typing messages to one another on the keyboard.
Chapter 3
MYSTERY
Bradley awoke suddenly from his dreams with the answer to the problems that had been bothering him. He had finally come up with an idea, on how to express his feelings towards Amy. He spent the next few hours rehearsing exactly what he was going to be typing to her when at midday they next made contact. It was like an eternity but the hour did eventually come around. The moment that Brad heard the door knocking of Amy coming on line, he hit send on his already typed out message. Within seconds they were chatting, firstly about the weather and then on what sort of day they had both experienced. Brad was shaking just waiting for that right moment he was hopping would soon come.
Finally he just typed in, "I was wanting to ask you for a little help". "If I can" she replied. "Well I have this aunt, she is the only person who reads the books that I write". "She loves to read love stories, and has always wanted me to write one for her". To which Amy replied "Well why don’t you". Brad could not get the message off quick enough, "I want to, but love is not my best subject, I just don’t know where to start or what to write about". "What I was thinking, was maybe I can use our chat history as a basis of the plot". "That sounds very interesting," said Amy. "Yes but I would want you to agree that I could use part of our relationship as part of the story". "That way because its true it would sound real to people reading it". He continued "I think it would make a nice story about two people meeting on the net". "Okay it's been done before but this one would almost be true, usually love stories are about young people. I want this one to be about a middle aged couple". "Ha Ha mature people you mean," Amy teased him. "Yeah something like that" he replied.
In this way he would be able to write his feelings for her and know that she would be able to read his words in full detail. He would then hope that she would realise what he was saying and indeed that he had fallen in love with her over the net. He could have just wrote the book and not said anything until it was all finished. However, this way she would be involved and would be reading each chapter as he wrote it. Plus he would be able to ask her for ideas and try and gauge her response. He went on to tell Amy that he would put something together and send it to her by the weekend. "That will be nice" she answered and continued, "I will look forward to reading it".
Suddenly his screen went blank as he had dropped off line. Before he knew it he was panicking trying to get back on line. Amy had not answered his request, so he was dialling in and hitting every button on the keyboard. All to no avail he just could not re-establish a contact with her. Finally a message appeared on the screen it was with disbelieve that he read 'Sorry the ICQ (Internet Chat Query) lines are busy please try again later'. Something he did many times over. Then in desperation he sent her an e-mail explaining what had happened. Then spending almost an hour awaiting an answer that was never to come. Unbeknown to him, Amy had also experienced the same problems and had just given up and gone to bed. After all the question that Brad had asked of her it was not as important to her as it was to him. He was devastated, that day would rank as one of the worse for him in a long time. The rest of the day was a nightmare and he spent it thinking that he had scared her off, and believing she had gone off line not wanting to talk to him anymore because of his silly idea about writing that damn silly book about them. What a damn silly idea he had dreamed of, now where would he go from here.
To make matters worse the next day he was called away on a machine breakdown out of town. So he was un-able to get near the computer and make contact with her. He desperately wanted to explain himself, and to make it up in some way and even lie if need be. To compound his worse fears the following day, although he managed to get on the computer he could not make contact. By this time he had almost written off the whole relationship between them and was trying to come to terms with the situation that he now found himself in. He had lost something from his life and was not sure how he would be able to fill that vacuum.
Brad had indeed been toying around with the idea of writing a book. In the pasted ten years he had in fact written a dozen or so short stories. However, up to date he’d had nothing published. The bit about his aunt wanting him to write a romance story was in fact true. He’d had a rough idea floating around in his head for several months and at one time had even jotted down a few notes. However, he was finding it extremely hard as he was not really into that sort of story. Brad was more military and fact orientated in his thinking. So now was the time to go through all of those ideas seriously and to make a definite start. That chat with Amy was the inspiration that he needed, now he had to go ahead with the idea, if not he would be made to look silly. Amy would think that he was all mouth and not a man of action like he had tried to portray to her.
He hastily put together the first six pages of his 'Love Story', basically from his earlier notes. Then he spent the next few days reading through what had been wrote changing and altering until the document was completely different and did not resemble in any way the original story that he first floated around in his head. Although he was very pleased with the way it had come together. After all, up to now every time he had read it he had changed it. He had to draw a line somewhere, so this was it, this was the introduction he would persevere with, he would make no more changes. True to his word he E-mailed it to her by the weekend and then with a sigh of relief sat back to awaited her response.
The days started to slip bye in quick succession. One day ran into another and before Brad knew it, two of the longest weeks of his life had passed, since reading that last message from Amy. Then nothing, he had sent her messages on the chat line and E-mail jokes, in fact anything funny that he could get his hands on, in an effort to keep the lines of communication between them open. However, it was all to no avail, she seemed to have just vanished into thin air.
Then one-day right out of the blue, as he opened up his computer, there on the screen right in front of him was the flashing yellow envelope beside Rascals name. He wasted no time in clicking onto that long awaited pulsating symbol and opened it up. The message instantly appeared on the screen, he then proceeded to read it very slowly digesting every word, but always expecting her to say that this was her last chat and that he must stop pestering her.
To his amazement it was a friendship greetings message, 'Wow' he thought and after all this time. Well at least she is still thinking of me. Whereas he had given up all hope of ever hearing from her again. He had never been able to work out what he had done wrong to offend her if indeed he had. Always believing the worse of himself. Once again he had been wrong. Here she was although not actually chatting to him at least she had sent him a message. He guessed that it was a start on the way back to normality.
He hastily typed out a thank you message to her, also asking what she thought of his story, which he had sent. After reading it a dozen times, just to make sure that he was not saying anything out of line that would upset her. He finally sent the message, now all he had to do was sit back and await an answer and hopefully a chat with her.
He reflected on what had gone before, his feelings were now rekindled. He was still in love with her. Even if she had left him to stew in his imagination over the last few days. When he finally took stock on what had just happened, he realised he had only just read a greetings card, he had still not actually chatted with her, but this was a start. Rome wasn’t built in a day he said to himself, but then I wasn’t on that job, he chuckled.
The next day he had an ICQ (Internet Chat Query) message that said she had problems trying to opening his story, but added that a friend had gave her some help and that she had eventually managed to open it. She went on to tell him that it was Cute! Very Cute!, but nothing more.
A couple of days later he was checking his E-mail messages, running his eyes down the list when he spied one from Amy. He suddenly felt himself getting very excited. Ignoring all the other mail, he went straight to Amy’s message. It read "Good day Brad Just a quick note, haven’t been on the net much this week. To busy and it only promises to get busier. Hope your week has been good, our weather has been strange, cold one day and warm the next. Good weather for people to come down with colds. Have you been keeping busy? Maybe a job here a job there? How about your band?? Are you booked this weekend? Hopeful we can catch up with each other on ICQ this weekend Take care Amy", but still nothing more on his Love Story.
Well she still loves me he thought he accepted her explanation of why he had not been able to contact her and became very excited at the prospect that they might be chatting within the next couple of days. Brad wasted no time in typing out an E-mail letter to her. Answering all of her questions and asking a few of his own and once again about the story, adding that he was looking forward to a chat.
The chatting between them was starting to drop off a little, this was not what Brad had wanted. He was deeply in love with this very mysterious person. He wanted and expected the relationship to grow stronger as time went by. He put the time that they were not chatting to good use and started to write much more aggressively. He now had a determination to see this project through and hopefully gain an understanding with Amy. He had high expectations that the finish book would deliver Amy to him.
Brad discipline himself to write at a regular rate, that included at least four hours a day of none stop writing. This was very hard to do, with all the usual distractions around him. That included his music that he was still expected to practice and also his magic. He had to practice daily with a deck of cards, otherwise he would soon lose his sharpness. That would eventually show up in his performances and if that happened it would not be long before his magic work might start to dry up around the local clubs.
The project was good for Brad but it was a lot harder than he had ever anticipated. Once he got passed the first couple of chapters where he was using the message records he had kept of Amy and himself, it became harder. Now it was down purely to his imagination and on the subject of love and expressing his feelings and it was getting harder by the hour. More than once he thought about giving up the whole idea, but as soon as he thought of Amy, ideas started to flood back into his head and away the typewriter would start to click.
After about two months the first four chapters were completed, but he had still not received any comments or criticism from Amy. So he was not sure if he had offended her and if she was still in agreement that he carry on with the whole project. Also to date Amy had only been sent the few four pages and these had all been changed in Brad’s efforts to make the story more readable.
One day while on line, Brad was typing away at his book, when Amy came on line. He wasted no time in replying to her, and a conversation developed. Brad told her that while they were chatting he was listening to a Fleetwood Mac album, and asked what she thought of the band. "Good very good" came the replied. She then asked if he had played with his band lately and where. The conversation drifted along chatting about music. Amy then said that her son played a violin and was very good at it. Brad went on to say that he sounded a very talented boy because the violin was one of the hardest instruments to learn to play. Amy added that he played by ear. Brad started chuckling to himself as he typed in. "That indeed he must be very talented, because most people use their hands". He hesitated whether to send the message just in case it put Amy off and she left him for the night. Finally his chuckling and devilment got the better of him and he finally hit the send button. A long delay then took place, Brad fearing the worse wondered if he had done right. When suddenly Amy’s reply appeared on the screen and he burst into laughter, her reply read "Ha Ha Ha Smarty", they passed a few more messages between each other both of them having a laugh and then she was gone for another day.
Brad sat in front of his TV watching a world travel holiday program. He enjoyed looking at all the exotic places where people could holiday in the nineties. Remembering back to the fifties and sixties, when these sorts of holidays were just in the imagination, or on the cinema screen. Nobody from what he called a normal walk of life, visited these places. However, Brad had been an exception, his military career had taken him to the far corners of the world in the defence of his county, well at least that’s how it was described to him by the military. Now he was always interested in seeing some of these counties once again and to see how they might have changed over the years. After all it was almost thirty years since he had left the Australian military.
On this particular nights television show he was watching the host touring around the USA. This was an interesting program for him, as he had never set foot on American soil. Here was this guy jetting around showing them the best places, where to stay, how to arrange travel you name it and he did it and was having a ball at the same time. When the fare to LA came up at $1600, Brad took a gulp of air, Hey that’s not bad to be able to go and see all of what that county has to offer.
Hey, let's go to America. That’s it I can go and visit Amy. His imagination started to race ahead of him. He could do this, he could do that, he could go here, or go there. Suddenly he realised that he was talking and he was the only person in the room. "Wait a minute, let's just slow down I’m getting way ahead of myself here. I could be getting out of my depth". "Let’s just sit down and think about this rationally, after all what's it going to involve".
By the next morning after he had been denied a complete night's sleep from tossing and turning and running every conceivable thought through his head. He got up with a fully worked out plan on what he intended to do. Yes he would go to the States for a holiday, although the main reason would be to go and visit Amy. However, he did not intend to pre-warn her. This would be a surprise visit he would just walk onto her, how he would do this he did not know, but he had plenty of time to plan the fine detail. The first hurdle he had to cross was to try and book a flight and as soon as possible.
By the end of that day, he had been very lucky. He had booked himself a seat on an Australian Airline to fly from Brisbane to LA, the following week. He was very lucky with a visiting visa. During the sixties when he was in the Australian military, he had obtained a visa to enter America to take part in a military exercise. Although the exercise visit was later cancelled. However, the visa had already been stamped into his passport saying 'Permanent Visa'. This meant that he would always be allowed into America. Not like today when most people only get a 6-month duration visa stamp. He was also informed that even when that passport was out of date, he would still be able to use the stamp on the out of date passport, as long as the present passport he was travelling on was up to date and valid. This meant that he did not have to rush around getting it all up to date.
Once on American soil he intended catching a Greyhound bus and somehow make his way to Kansas. Hell at this stage he wasn’t even sure if the Greyhound buses went that far out into the country. This was going to be a big learning curve for him, but in his favour was his desire to meet Amy. Being an ex serviceman he was used to working alone and had no problem in finding his way around. Being a loner, always worked well for him, that way he relied on nobody, so nobody was there to let him down.
The following week really dragged by for him, as he found himself counting the minutes, when he was not trying to finalise his trip. By now he had mapped out a rough idea of how he would tackle the immense task ahead of him. He still kept up his chatting with Amy, but trying not to let on to her what he was planning, was very hard. A couple of times it almost got the better of him and he had to mentally tell himself not to let it out. Somehow he stuck to his plan of not telling her, but it was to be a very long week. At the same time he had to try and get as much information from her as possible. After all he knew very little about her and even less on the area where she lived, coupled with the prospect of having to make his way halfway across American the task was going to be enormous.
Brad would occasionally drop into their chat, questions about her town and work. Just to give him a few ideas of what to expect once he arrived in Hays Kansas. He seemed to have forgotten that the hardest part of the journey was going to be the getting there. Amy showed no signs of knowing what he was planning. Daily she would send him the regular supply of jokes by E-mail and the odd funny greetings cards. However, by the end of the week he was still no wiser on what to expect once he set foot in Kansas. His big worry was that she might not be there. It was possible that she could take a vacation at the very same time. Brad could not extract any further details from her. He found himself wondering who was going to get the biggest surprise. Amy or would it be Brad, when he found out that maybe she had just left for that long, saved up for holiday in the Bahamas. Brad had been swept along by his desire to meet up with Amy, nothing else seemed to get in to the way. He thought it was going to be so simple, to just jump on a plane and turn up, fall in love and everybody would then live happy ever after. However, life is not that simple, to date Amy had never mentioned anything about a relationship during their chatting. While Brad had been too scared to say anything on the subject to her. Although deep inside he knew that he had fallen in love with her, hoping it would all work out for the better, wasn’t that how it always ended on the big screen.
He intended taking his new laptop computer and his mobile phone with him so that while he was travelling he would still be able to chat with her, hoping not to arouse her suspicions of his intending arrival. He was hoping that he would be able to connect his mobile to the computer. With this in mind he set about down loading all of Amy’s information and details from his main computer to the laptop. If this well laid plan where not to work, then he would hope that whenever he was staying in a motel, maybe he would be able to connect into the room phone system. So he included into his packed holdall a couple of different phone adaptors and wires.
He made a visit to the local library to take a look at an atlas, just to get rough idea on where he was going and what he was up against. This visit startled him, he had not realised that Kansas was so far away from LA. Looking at the map Brad could not see any way of covering that sort of distance in under a week. However, time would be no problem to him; he had purchased an open ticket, not worrying about when he would be returning. He found a stand-in guitarist for the band. It had been agreed that whenever Brad returned, that was as long as the fill in guy would be playing. He’d also managed to cancel a couple of magic shows that he had lined up, with a promise to the agent that he would do a couple of freebee’s upon his return.
With all the excitement of his trip to the US, the love story started to take a back seat, his typing gradually dropped off. He occasionally hit the keyboard, but not with the enthusiasms he’d had a few weeks earlier. He decided to take with him what he had accomplished so far. The story so far was down loaded into his laptop, maybe he would be able to undertake some sort of progress while travelling.
Came the big day for Brad, the excitement with in him, had built to almost fever point, as he flew out of Brisbane Airport without a lot of fuss. He had just told Steve that he was taking a short holiday and that he would keep in touch with him on the net by E-mail. He settled back in his seat for what he hoped would be a smooth uneventful flight. However, this was not to be, as his imagination was still running riot inside his head. For now at least he had settled on the basic of a plan, which was better than nothing at all, or so he thought.
He did manage to get a little sleep during the flight, but awoke suddenly thinking of Amy’s earlier mysterious words. "But remember I’m a Rascal". What had she meant? Anyway it was too late now, He was on his way to meet her.
Chapter 4
UNKOWN
It was too late to turn back now, Brad thought as he looked at Los Angeles spread out below him. The flight had been uneventful, but he had not managed to get much sleep, as his brain tried to plan ahead.
He made his way to a motel not far from the airport. Where he booked in for a one night stay, also booking a Greyhound bus for the following morning to take him on the second part of his trip to Las Vagas in the state of Nevada. Once settled into his room the first thing he did, before even unpacking his bag, was to set up his laptop. Using the phone adaptor connections that he had brought with him. Brad was eager to make contact with Amy, this time it would be a little easier because he was now only a couple of hours behind her. However, he was to be very disappointed, Rascal was not on line, maybe this was for the better with all the excitement welling up in side of him. He was just as likely to blurt it all out and spoil the surprise that awaited her.
On the flight over from Australia he’d had to kill nearly 12 hours in the air. So he had taken the opportunity to catch up with some serious typing, adding some desperately needed pages towards his book. Something he had neglected to do in the days leading up to his departure. After a couple of hours he laid back to try and get a good night's rest, ready for the long trip ahead of him tomorrow.
Las Vagas was a city that Brad had always wanted to visit, ever since he first became interested in magic. Las Vagas was a Mecca for magicians, some of the world's biggest shows and artists resided in this fair city. Brad was not going to pass up an opportunity to visit the venues of this incredible place, after all it was almost on his intended route across America. Just a small detour would take him to see some of his lifelong heroes.
Brad sat by a window taking in the America sights that were flashing by, it was all new to him so it was very exciting. He was passing through places that he had only read about or seen in the movies. The seat beside him was empty, so he sat back and relaxed, nobody was going to be talking to him and distracting his concentration. What he did experiment with was his mobile phone, he connected it up to his laptop and dialled in to see if Rascal was on line, not really expecting that she would be. "Hey presto" there was Rascal already on line. Within a couple of seconds they were chatting. "How’s your day been" she asked. Brad had to think. Normally back in Brisbane it would be the end of the day for him so he had to answer as if that’s where he was, as though he was about to go to bed. "Fine" he answered, "Had a nice exciting day". That was the worst thing he could have said, immediately Rascal wanted to know all of the details. So Brad typed out the first little white lies that came into his head just hoping that he had not given himself away. He did have a little chuckle to himself as he typed out that he had been swimming in the sea on the Gold Coast in Queensland and then describing the area, but looking out of the bus window he was looking at what he could only describe as desert country side, "If only she knew" he thought.
Without realising it they had been chatting for nearly thirty minuet's, Brad was worried about the cost of the phone call. In Australia mobile phone calls cost a fortune, while here in America he was not sure. Somehow he would have to cut the call short just to try and save a little money. After all he was heading into the unknown. As far as cash was concerned he was on a limited budget, his resources was not a bottomless pocket. He would have to be careful, not knowing how long he would be in America or where he might be going next. Brad had a think on what was the best thing to do. Suddenly he turned his phone off without any explanation hoping that Amy would just think that his phone connection had dropped out, which was a common fault, to those in the know. He then reluctantly packed the gear away and settled back in his seat thinking of their conversation, wondering what she really thought of him and worst of all, what would she say or do when she first cast an eye on him. Had he been through all of this for nothing, was she in love with him as he thought he was with her, up to now he'd had no answers to these questions.
He then spent an hour on the book, as the last conversation with Amy had given him a few more ideas. Thinking it a good idea to put it all down in print, while it was still fresh in his head. After a time he became very drowsy and dropped off to sleep.
He awoke to the sites of Las Vagas streaking past his window. It was evening time, and coloured lights and neon signs lit up the whole city. As far as the eye could see was wall-to-wall clubs, hotels and colourer hoardings all lit up by what could only be guessed at, as a million watts of electricity. After stepping from the bus he took a taxi to the one place that he knew. The 'Monte Carlo' hotel, the home of Lance Burton, magician extraordinaire.
Lance Burton had long been his idol when it came to Magic, specially his card manipulation work. Lance was one of the owners of the hotel and performed a show most evenings. The hardest thing for Brad was going to be trying to obtain a ticket to one of these shows and at such short notice, as he was only intending to stay in Vagas for a couple of days.
He had no trouble booking into the hotel, "Why would he" He guessed that there must be a couple of thousand rooms in the building. He made his way to his room 1300, now there’s a lucky number he said to himself, but I’m not here to play the tables. Not enough money to spare on that sort of luxury, maybe on the way home when I know what I’ve got to spare.
He wasted no time in plugging in his laptop to the phone line and tried dialling up Amy, but this time he was not in luck. Amy was not on line so after a few minutes he shut the computer down for the night, trying to save some money.
His stay in Vagas was brief but he did manage to get to see at least one of the Lance Burton magic shows at the Monte Carlo. He was also very lucky and managed to see David Copperfield another very famous magician who was in town at the MGM casino. This was the first time for several months that the name of Amy had strayed from his head. For this short period in time magic had taken over his thoughts. Each time that he left the hotel or even went down stairs to the Casino or into the lobby area. He would find people selling the latest card tricks to the general public. This came as a very big surprise to him, as Brad had learnt his trade from a handful of magicians who had reluctantly and over a long period of time gradually let him in on the secrets of their magic. Here he was in the foyer area of a very famous hotel witnessing what appeared to him to be fellow magicians peddling their tricks to Mr Joe Public. Brad had to admit that the salesmen were very good with their demonstration of the packet tricks that they were selling. Thinking that if the public knew how a trick was performed then they would not come to one of his magic shows, this would put a dent into his potential earnings as a magician.
He purchased a couple of these packet tricks and with one salesman struck up a conversation, that led to a drink and swapping of stories and magic ideas. His name was Rudi Dench and he performed under the name of the great 'Rudi' It turned out that Rudi was a very good magician, but had just not had the breaks in his career, and that this was just a way of making a living. He had been born in LA and spent most of his early years around that part of California. Later when he was in his early twenties and had a good grasp of magic under his belt, the bright lights of Vagas had lured him in. He had been performing his trade here for almost five years now and enjoyed every minute of it.
Once the two of them started performing card tricks to each other at a table in the lounge area, the atmosphere got electric. Brad was very impressed with what Rudi could do, and Rudi was very impressed with what Brad could do. They went on into the small hours performing trick, after trick, first by Rudi and then by Brad. Rudi also gave Brad a few hints on what was expected of a magicians here in the US. He even went on to help and tell him how to make a living from this brand of magic, ideas that would come in very handy, later into his trip. However, Brad never divulged to Rudi why he was here in Vagas.
At one time a large crowd gathered around the two performers witnessing a truly great display of magic using a deck of cards. The people’s "Oh’s" and "Ah’s" became quite loud at one time and the management came over to see what all of the fuss was about. Sadly they broke up the by now disappointed crowd, when told that it was not allowed in the hotel That sort of entertainment was in the casino shows, but for that they would have to pay to see it. Brad and Rudi toned down what they were doing so that the crowd drifted away but still kept in conversation. "See" said Rudi a good card mechanic can always draw a crowd wherever he performs if his magic is good.
The next day Brad had arranged to meet Rudi and together they were going to do the sales pitch, selling the packet card tricks to the public. This was to be an eye opener for Brad, he was now into a new world. The world of salesmen, of fast-talking, fast dealing, and fast turnover of merchandise. Although Brad did not need too much encouragement from Rudi and took to the task like a duck to water, in the foyer of the Monte Carlo hotel. He was a natural or so Rudi told him and to prove the point, in their first hour of dealing they sold over 80 tricks and this was in the morning, normally a slow time of the day. Rudi said that at this rate, by the late afternoon early evening, which was a better time of day for selling, we would be able to get rid of all the stock that I have. It was not illegal what they were doing, Rudi had the full permission of the hotel to use their lobby for a sales pitch, but he paid for the privilege. However, even after taking out the cost of the tricks that he had to buy and then paying the hotel, he made a comfortable living. Although the main reasons why he went through this ritual was so that the people entering the Hotel would notice him. Depending on how good he was would depend on him picking up a lot of bookings, doing private evening shows, that’s where the big money was.
Brad thanked Rudi for all of his help, with Rudi saying no its me that should be thanking you, both agreed that they'd had a great time together. When they finally parted for good that night they swapped business cards, so that they might keep in touch.
Brad could not believe how easy it had been demonstrating and selling the card tricks with Rudi. Here he was showing off his favourite pass time to the public and he was earning money for doing it. Well he would have been earning money, if he had not told Rudi that he did not wish to be paid. Even though he could have done with the cash he felt guilty in taking it. Here was a man teaching him how to make a living, he had not the heart to take his money. However, he would certainly remember the lessons learnt, maybe some time in the future it would come in handy to make a living whenever he hit the hard times.
After three hectic days of visiting all of the world famous magic sites of Las Vagas, Brad found himself back on board another Greyhound bus heading east. He was now sitting next to a pretty young girl with the name of Emily, who was visiting her parents on a three-week holiday in Oklahoma City. They struck up a conversation, but it wasn’t long before they had run out of things to talk about, as Emily snoozed off in the land of nod. She had lived in Vagas for about four years and worked at the MGM Casino as croupier, a job that had been a long time coming but once in, she had excelled and got on very quickly plying her trade with a deck of cards. She had originally come from Oklahoma City where she had lived with her parents and two brothers all of her life.
The bus was now travelling through such famous places as Boulder City and Kingman in Arizona. They were on the old, but still very famous 'Route 66' Highway, so famous that it even had a song named after it, sung by the Rolling Stones. Though towns like Flagstaff, Winslow, and Gallup. Gallup brought back memories of Las Vagas, it was there that he had seen a very well know an extreme escapologist and magician named Robert Gallup. However, Brad’s funds had been greatly depleted in Vagas due to all of the shows and places that he had visited.
Thinking of Robert Gallup then brought back to him his conversation with Rudi. Now was the time that he needed to get some money back into his pocket. Remembering what Rudi had said. Brad walked down the isle of the bus and approached the driver. He was after permission to walk the isle of the bus and show the passengers a few card tricks. He had to be careful because as visitor in the USA he was not allowed to work in America. So Brad never mentioned to the driver anything about money, all he wanted to do, or at least that's what he told the driver. Was to relive the boredom of the trip for the passengers with a little magic.
With the drivers permission Brad started to visit most of the passengers who were awake and offered to show them some card tricks. The response from them was very encouraging and in a short period of time he had them eating out of his hand. Their clapping and appreciation actually woke up those passengers that were asleep. This was good for Brad because it meant that he had more punters, as he called them to show off to. After what for Brad was a very long but enjoyable two hours, he walked to the front of the bus and thanked them for their interest and appreciation. This was followed by the passengers all clapping and shouting encouragements at him. Then as Brad had hope, one guy suddenly stood up and announced that he would be bringing a hat round. As a reward for Brads time and the fun that he had given then, not to mention the boredom of the trip that he had broken. The hat was then tipped out into Brad’s hands, his eyes just lit up. He was standing at the front of the bus with just over $250 in his hands. "Wow" he thought, "That was worth the effort". He gave the Driver $50 and made his way back to his seat, where he soon fell into a sound sleep for a couple of hours. The bus sped on to Grants and finally Albuquerque in New Mexico where they had to change buses and stay the night in a motel. This was a good chance to stretch his legs, the bus was quite comfortable and even had a toilet on board for their home comfort, but it was oh so nice to be able to stretch your legs every now and again on solid ground.
It was also another chance for Brad to make contact with Amy. Brad found it was always easier from the comfort of a motel room, where he felt more relaxed. Using his mobile on board the bus always had its problems, with the phone constantly dropping out. It had become so frustrating that he had given up trying to establish contact that way, usually waiting for the evening time when the bus was at a stop.
That night the chat between them was all about Brad and his band with Amy asking all of the questions. Brad could not seem to break her line of conversation. Amy just seemed to go on and on, leaving him no chance to jump in and ask her about the town of Hays, the subject he was more interested in. When finally Amy said that it was getting late and she had to go to work the following day and was calling it a night, he felt a little relieved. After the usual farewells from Brad with "Sweat dreams" and "Sleep tight" Amy chipped in with just a simple "Bye", contact was then broken. It was too late for Brad to do a couple of pages on his book so he just laid back and a veil of sleep came over him very quickly. With the hectic pace of the past three days Brad had neglected to work on the book, it was gradually taking a back seat in most of his plans.
Next day it was back on to the bus, and once again seated next to Emily. Their conversation was by now a little more fluent and they got on quite well. Emily who had first explained that she was a croupier at one of the casinos in Vagas said she had been very impressed with some of the card work he had demonstrated the previous day on the bus. Brad took a deck of cards from out of his pocket and asked her to take a card. He then proceeded to go through his best ambitious card routine, just to impress her. It’s a trick where the chosen card is placed somewhere in the middle of the deck, but always reappears on the top of the deck. This trick then led to another and another and soon they were both laughing at each other’s jokes. Emily even borrowed the deck from him and showed him a couple of small magic tricks, the sort that most school children learn at one time or another. Brad felt more at ease with her now and told her that he was going to Kansas to find a Pen Pal. However, he had no idea what the outcome of his quest was going to be. He was very interested in anything that she could tell him about the State of Kansas, so he would have a little idea of what he might be up against. The conversation became very relaxed and Brad thought he could sense that Emily might be trying to flirt with him. He felt a little embarrassed about the whole idea, guessing that he might be twice her age, but still enjoyed and revelled in idea that he was young enough for somebody to take an interest in. This particular stage of the journey was very long and would have been very boring, but for the conversation they were having.
The bus sped on through towns like Santa Rosa, Tucumcari, Amarillo in Texas. Shamrock, Clinton and Reno in Oklahoma. Their conversation covered a lot of ground, and Brad finally confided in her and told the story of the loss of his wife, ten years earlier. Finally the bus pulled into Oklahoma City late that afternoon, where once again he had to stay the night. Tomorrow he would be heading in a different direction, he would be heading north. While the bus would carry on across American heading east. He fare welled Emily who had reached her destination here in Oklahoma City. Then just before she departed she gave Brad a kiss on the cheek and thrust a card with her contact number on, into his hand. She then whispered into his ear the words "Just in case". Brad returned the favour and gave her his mobile phone number and a nice smile as they parted.
That night while in his motel with his laptop connected up to his mobile phone. Once he was dialled in he found that Rascal was already on line. He wasted no time in typing out a short message to her "Where have you been stranger" she soon replied with "Busy at work". She went on to tell Brad that it was harvest season at work and that it had been very busy and chaotic, while trying to work very long, 10 to 12 hour days. They had to get the harvest in before the weather turned bad on them. Brad was just bubbling with excitement and could not believing that he was so close to her. He stopped just short of telling her where he was. Amy was still not giving anything away on the finer detail of where she was living. He estimated that he was only a day and a half away from her.
When finally they finished their chat for the night. Brad got Amy’s picture out of his wallet, the one he had down loaded from her, very early in their friendship. She looked a very pretty woman, but did she really look like this, had she sent him a true picture of herself, did she really look as nice as the picture portrayed her. After all he had sent her a picture of himself, from one of his magic show posters, the one where his hair had been coloured and touch up, hiding the grey that was about to take over. He had not been completely honest with her, why should he expect her to be honest with him. He remembered a story that he had read in a magazine somewhere, about the drummer in the rock band 'Fleetwood Mac'. The story that became known as the 'Story of the Blob'. Mick Fleetwood had struck up a relationship with a young girl over the phone. For nearly three years they had spoken together every night at some time or other. However, they had never met. During that time she had sent him lots pictures of herself, or supposedly of her. These pictures were of a gorgeous young girl. The drummers marriage had even broke up over the whole episode. When finally they met each other, the drummer almost had a heart attack, the girl was huge she was over 22 stone in weight. The shock of seeing her and the thoughts of his marriage break-up almost pushed him over the edge, was this to be Brads fate?
Brad tried to put the whole idea out of his head, after all it’s an honest world, or at least that’s what he wanted to think. Only he had sort to deceive, and it kept nagging at him. Sleep was very hard to obtain that night, he was now wondering if he had done the right thing. However it was too late to turn back now, he would have to see it through to the end. "What will be, will be", was one of his favourite sayings and this time he would have to practice what he preached.
He could not sleep, at around 2 am he got up and typed out a couple of pages of the, 'Love Story'. After reading through what he had wrote since leaving Australia, he was very pleased with the way that the project was going. The chat that was still happening between them was helping him enormously. He was now brimming with ideas, all he needed was the time to put it all down on paper. However, after only an hour he was feeling sleepy, so be finally returned to his bed, for a well-earned sleep.
Next morning he arose early and took a stroll, for a look around the area of his motel. Here he was halfway across America and he had really not taken the time to look at the towns he had passed through. He spent an hour just walking around the block trying not to lose his bearings, as to where the motel was located. Mind you in the past it had been no problem for him, his sense of direction had always served him well in the military. He just enjoyed taking in the sites and buildings that surprised him with every corner that he turned. When finally he turned what he thought was the last corner, there in front of him was a 'McDonalds' takeaway. This was language that he understood, these restaurants were worldwide and had a menu that was easy to understand. So he headed straight for the front door and to what turned out to be a big hearty breakfast, after all he had $200 in his pocket that he had received from the bus passengers, way back in New Mexico. While he was taking it easy after the meal, he sat back trying to decide what his next plan would be. He was to head north from Oklahoma City, this would take him up into Kansas the heart of America or as it had frequently been described as 'Tornado Alley' back home in Australia on the TV news broadcasts. Hope I don’t meet up with one of those things, wouldn’t have a clue what to do, was the first thing to go through his head.
As he was making his way back to the motel he walked past a transport café, with several trucks lined up on the forecourt. A plan suddenly dropped into place. "Trucks" he thought that’s the way. At the motel he grabbed his gear and paid the bill for the night's stay, and made his way back to the transport café. Upon entering he could see all the Truckee’s sitting around the tables eating and talking with each other. After grabbing a mug of coffee he walked amongst the drivers asking if anybody was heading north. Most just shook their heads, some said "No", a couple mention other guy’s names that would be coming through later. Brad was wondering if it was such a good idea after all. When the last guy said, "Yeah I’m heading north, when I’ve finished my meal". "Where you heading" he asked. "Hays" Brad said with a smile on his face. "Ah a Limey eh", "No, I’m an Aussie", "Same thing isn’t it", "No not really" said Brad as he took a seat at the table with the driver. There followed an introduction and a little conversation about each other. The driver told Brad that he was only going as far as Wichita. That was fine, once he reached there he knew that he would be on the home ward stretch. After all hadn’t Amy told him that she very often goes to Wichita and that it was only a couple of hours drive from Hays. If his memory was right, Amy had told him that it was a 350 mile round trip. So that made it only 175 mile to go from Wichita. He had lost all sense of time not knowing how many days he had now been on the road. His laundry told him that it was several days and that he was in urgent need of some clean underwear. If he could not find a laundry in Wichita then it would be easier to just buy some new items to wear, after all he was wanting to make an impression on Amy, not scare her off.
Within the hour the truck was heading north to Wichita. Brad was talking, or trying to talk to Dan the driver, above the roar of the engine. They were swapping details on each other but the conversation was more like a shouting match. It did not take long before both of them had sore throats and the conversation died off. Brad found himself nodding off for a few moment of sleep.
The truck passed on by the towns of Guthrie and Blackwell, and then crossing the state line into Kansas, passed the town of Wellington. "Next stop Wichita," shouted Dan. By this time Brad was awake and looking at the country side flashing passed them and catching a glimpse of a road sign that declared Wichita to be only 50 miles ahead.
Dan dropped his very appreciative hitchhiker off in the main street outside a motel. After a couple of farewells and good luck expressions were exchanged, the truck sped off, leaving Brad to book in for the night.
He took a short stroll around the town with his bag full of dirty washing in the afternoon just trying to get a feel for the state of Kansas. After all he was now on Amy’s doorstep, he felt like he could throw a stone at her house from where he stood. Anything he could learn about the place was going to help him when he finally arrived in the town of Hays. With fingers crossed that would be tomorrow. However, the shops in the main street gave nothing away, there was nothing that was about to help him or would give him a hint of what to expect when he eventually arrived in Hays.
Lucky for him he walked on to a laundry shop, where he managed to spruce up his by now large bundle of soiled cloths, He even managed to get some of the items dried and ironed. He was now back up to scratch, he would be looking very smart and smelling nice when finally he approach Amy for the first time. In what he hoped would be in the next couple of days.
After grabbing a bite to eat in a restaurant, he made his way back to his motel room, he was eager to make contact with Amy. He knew that she would not be on line until later in the evening because of her work commitments. So to kill the time and boredom. Brad got to work and hammered out a few more pages of the 'Love Story'.
At 8 pm he connected up his laptop to the room phone point and dialled in. Amy was on line so he made contact immediately, his excitement was almost getting the better of him. He got to ask a few of the question he had wanted to ask for a few days now. It was Thursday, so the first thing he asked was, "What are you planning to do this weekend". "Oh just take it easy, take my dog for a run, tidy up the house, what have you got planned". Brad went into damage control mode trying to dream up a couple of white lies to tell her, not wanting to arouse her suspicions. During a break while he was awaiting one of Amy’s answers he got fiddling with the mouse and clicked onto a couple of the items on his task bar. It was then that he noticed that the times on the messages from Amy and also from him was showing the very same time. Well it would, the clocks were designed to print out the time that the message left the sender. Unlike when he was in Australia where there was a 15 hour difference in time. Here he was only about 175 miles away from her so the clocks would be saying the exact same times. He sat back in horror, what was he to do, before he had time to do anything Amy’s message appeared on the screen. After sending her a quick message so that he had time to think on what to do next. He got to thinking that maybe she would not notice, after all he had been in contact with her now for several days since setting foot on American soil. LA was on a different time than Kansas but by only a couple of hours. Surely that would have been enough, if she were going to pick it up she would have done it then. He had also chatted with her while he was in Oklahoma, there he would have been on exactly the same time. Slowly he tried to put it all into the back of his mind. She had not shown any signs up to now, that she knew what was going on. Unless she was just stringing him along, he would have to wait and see and sweat it out to the end. "But Remember I’m a Rascal". Those words still echoed through his head all night.
Chapter 5
ARRIVAL
Morning found Brad hitch hiking on State Highway 35, heading north for the town of Salina. He had been lucky so far, here he was right in the centre of America and it had only taken him a few days. However, so far his luck did not seem to be holding up this bright sunny morning. He had already spent two hours trying to hitch a ride using his thumb, but so far with not a lot of success. The day was now starting to warm up and he was feeling a little uncomfortable. When to his relieve a small van pulled over and stopped, offering him a lift. The gratitude must have showed on his face as the driver leaned over and opened the door and said  "Hop in I’m only going as far as Salina". " That’s fine by me," answered Brad, tossing his bag into the back.
Brad found it easy to talk to Jake the driver, who lived in Salina. Not like yesterday in Dan’s truck when they had to shout at each other for the whole trip. "Going far" Jake asked "Hays" replied Brad, "I’m from Aussie just looking around your fine country". "Thought I picked up an accent there, but we won’t hold that against you" said Jake, Brad smiled. "And do you like what you have seen so far". "Love it, it’s an amazing country, loved Las Vagas" said Brad. "Yes but did you manage to leave with your shirt on your back". Brad laughed, "Yes I actually came away with more than what I arrived with" Jake Laughed "That would be a first time, most people are usually fleeced long before there holidays are over and have to leave earlier than planned".
Their conversation continued as they sped along through the towns of Newton and McPherson. Pulling into Salina just after midday, Jake dropped him at the crossroads pointing towards Highway 70. "That’s the road you need, goes to Denver Colorado, and takes you right passed Hays". "Best of luck". Brad thanked him for his companionship and help, and waved as the van pulled away.
Brad caught a Greyhound bus that was heading for Denver and settled down to do some site seeing from the window.  Just like Amy had told him, there were not a lot of trees to be seen, the countryside looked very flat and bare. When you are not used to sites like that, it is all very strange. However, the very large wheat fields all brightly coloured yellow made up for the lack of trees. As the bus drove through the town of Russell, Brad started to feel a little lightheaded as the next stop would be for him. He could hardly believe it, he would be stepping off of the bus in the town of Hays. Up until now Hays had just been a place in his head, now it was all turning into reality.
Brad stepped off the bus and took a good look around him, "So this is Hays," he thought. First he looked up one way of the street and then the other. It all looked pretty much the same with lots of shops on both sides of the road. He had no idea which way to go, so he tossed a coin, picked up his bag and said "This way" to himself. Noticing as he walked along the side walk that he was in Vine Street. Both sides of the street had a large selection of shops. So this was possibly one of the main streets of the town, it certainly looked big enough. With a smile to himself he thought, "I wonder where all the horse hitch rails are, after all wasn’t this one of the areas that the famous Wild West legends all came from. Still smiling he crossed the road where he had noticed a familiar McDonald’s sign, it read 'Burger King' 1212 Vine street. "Now that’s the type of food I do know about and I’m feeling very hungry at the moment". "Let's have a burger and maybe I can pick up some information from the locals".
Brad could not believe that he was halfway around the world, but in this building it felt just like he was back in good old sunny Brisbane. Okay the locals had a different accent, but the advertising, the meals on offer and just the general layout and interior look of the place, was just like any other McDonalds back in Australia.
The burgers sure looked the same but they had a completely different taste, must be the sauces and stuff smother the meat with, although Brad still enjoyed it. It was the coffee that he really wanted not being able to have a drink all day. The place was almost empty and the workers were not too keen to stop and chat with him, keeping one eye on Brad and the other on their boss. Brad had been trying to find a bed for the night. He gave up the idea of trying to ask them any more questions. So he finished his burger and got up to leave. When one of the young girls came over and gave him a business card with a place that had some accommodation. He thanked her a left looking at the card as he went through the door.
The Best Western Vagabond Motel 2524 Vine Street the card read. Brad got to thinking that if McDonalds was 1212 Vine Street, then he could not be that far away. It will be on the same side being even numbers just a thousand properties further on. With the weight of his bag and the thought of walking, what could be miles, he hailed over the first cab he saw, plus cabbies know the area and might be able to help him.
"In town long" the cabbie said over his shoulder, "How did you know I was passing through" said Brad. "Oh, Hays is a small town, plus you are carrying a bag, and anyway I know most of the people around here, names Gerry". "Yeah just looking for accommodation at the moment," answered Brad "I was told that the Vagabond was good place to stay". "Sure is," said the cabbie. "And here we are right at the front door". Brad paid and asked for a business card just in case he needed transport another time.
That night in his room Brad set up his lap top computer and connected it to the phone so that he could go on line. It was now time to start making plans on how he intended to contact Rascal. Up until now it had all been very vague in his mind, but now he had to have a plan of attack, something definite He did not want to just blunder onto the scene. After all Amy could be married or at least in some sort of a relationship with somebody. People on the web were forever deceiving each other with little white lies, and in some cases very big black ones. There were always stories in the newspapers being written about the subject and with all the gruesome details. For all he knew she might not even exist. Although Brad had always convinced himself that Amy was a legitimate person, he had gone over what details he had on her a thousand times. At this stage he would not even contemplate that she was not real.
He punched in to the computer Amy’s correct name as living in Hay Kansas.
And to his surprise up came, some details on her. Her full name, with phone, email and street numbers. Brad could not believe his luck, but there was more. Brad knew where she worked so he got a printout of a street map from her house to her place of work with all the turns and street names. If he had wanted to go any further for $29.95 it would have given him her, driving licence number, her social security numbers, even if she was a bankrupt etc etc. Brad did not bother with this sort of information mainly because he did not think it right that this should be so freely available on the net. Plus if by some quirk of fate Amy found out, then it could course friction between them. Brad always thought that if he could get that sort of information, then some how other people might just be able to find out that he had also accessed that information on them. Brad also tried to contact Amy via ICQ, it was now a couple of days since they last had contact and he was dying to talk to her. He left the line open for an hour but she did not respond, even if she were operating invisible he would still have known.
Next morning Brad got up early and went straight out and hired a car, a Pontiac whatever that was, he did not know much about American cars. He headed straight for Daydream Drive, just so he could check out the area and actually get a look at Amy’s House. He was trying to get to know the streets and surrounding area. However, he had to be careful, back in Australia this sort of thing would be called stalking and carried a prison term if convicted. He found no reason to believe that the USA did not have similar laws, and being a stranger to this town he would stand out like a sore thumb.
Daydream Drive, there it was just like the map had displayed, having printed it  out last night, just off  East 13 Street and Leslie Drive. However there was no car in the driveway of the house. "To late" he thought, "She must have already left for work". He wanted to follow her so he could find out exactly where she worked. Last night on the net he had come up with two companies that had the same name, but in different areas of the town. If he wanted to follow her home, he had no idea which office to go to. However, he was pleased with his progress so far, Rome wasn’t built in a day he thought, "No I wasn’t on that job" he chuckled to himself.
Brad knew that Amy’s two sons had left home and so she was supposed to be living in the house on her own. So he was not worried that someone from the house would see him. Although he was a little worried just in case one of the neighbours might wonder what he was up to. Slowly he drove away and down Leslie Drive, while his brain was working overtime on his next move. After a few minutes he pulled over to take another look at the map. He had two Marketing companies marked on it, but he was not sure which one she would be working at. Brad had a photo of Amy, he had her address, but that was about all. To be able to make sure it was the right Amy he had to be able to see her at her home. So for now he would just have to wait until tomorrow, only then he would have to get up real early. Therefore  the rest of the day was just going to be at a loss. He passed away a couple of hours making notes for his Love Story. He would be able to update it on the computer that night in his motel room.
Brad started to get little bored and decided that he would drive to both places and just take a look for himself. Although not really knowing what he would be looking for, after all he did not even know what type of car she would be driving. After studying the map once more he headed off for the Noose road area, it was only a distance of about four and a half miles, the other site was even nearer being about two and a half miles. He took a quick look at both places but did not hang around at either. Once again he was worried that somebody might call the police and report him as a snooper, or some sort of pervert. The whole exercise was fruitless, he learnt nothing from the trip, and so he headed back to Vine Street. It was time to eat and buy a couple of items.
Brad needed some tablets, just lately he had been getting a few headaches as the stress was starting to tell on him. So he popped into Dillions Drug Store, before heading on to McDonalds and a strong cup of coffee. Where he acknowledged the young girl who had put him on to the Vagabond Motel the day before. She was still very nervous to talk to him, once again keeping an eye on her boss. At least this time Brad had managed to get a name from her, it was Jane. Then it was back to the confines of his motel room. That night he finalised his plan, and this time he would be sticking to it in every detail.
He was over the moon when suddenly Rascal appeared on the task bar to the sound of somebody knocking on the door. It only took him a couple of seconds to post a message of greetings to her. Once again Brad had to be careful that he did not give away that he was in town. He still wanted to choose a time and a place that suited him, and to be able to see her first in her normal environment. The conversation lasted almost an hour, with little bits of chitchat flowing between them. Brad was having a terrible time trying not to give the game away. He felt like rushing, around to her house grabbing her in his arms and giving her a great big hug and a long sloppy kiss.
Trying to be discrete in asking somebody about their place of work, when they know you live many thousands of miles away, so it is not really of interest to you and without arousing their suspicions is very hard. After just a few moments with her he decided to give the whole idea a miss. He continued with little made up stories that he thought might be of interest to her. Then before he knew it, it was all over. Amy said that she had been through a hard day at work and was off to bed for a rest. So they passed on their farewells to each other, with the usual sleep tights and sweet dreams and the meeting was over for another day. Maybe tomorrow will be the day that I meet her he thought as he crossed his fingers behind his back.
Brad left the motel very early the next morning, it was only just breaking daylight as he drove towards Daydream Drive. He drove at a leisurely speed not wanting to arouse any suspicions, to anybody at this early hour of the morning. As he arrived outside Amy’s house the first thing that he noticed was a large red Chevrolet Sudan sitting on the driveway by the side of the house. Good he thought at least I’ve caught her at home. He quickly scribbled down the licence plate number, turned around and drove away. He had decided to park his car just before the corner of Leslie Drive and East 13th Street.  She had to come this way, wherever her final destination was to end up. So now with her plate number and knowing what sort of car she was driving, it was just a case of waiting.
The car radio was pumping out county music, to the approval of Brad. As he sat tapping on the dashboard, wondering just how much longer he was going to have to wait. After all he had only been there for about 40 minutes, but as the day wore on and more traffic got onto the streets, he was wondering just how long he could be parked in this spot. "Not long" he said to himself as the Red Chevrolet went passed him and turned right onto east 13th Street. "That’s my little beauty," he muttered under his breath.
He stayed back as far as he dare from her car, they’re not being many other cars on the road for him to blend in with. His brain was also working overtime wondering which way she would go. He knew both the destination and the routes she would properly take. She drove on passed General Custer Road intersection, and then suddenly she turned left onto the US 183 South. Brad had been wrong, for some reason he had thought that it would be the office out on the Noose road. However, he was still feeling very happy with himself, the mystery had been narrowed down, she worked on West 8th Street. Now he drop further behind her and blend in with the local traffic. This journey was only about two and a half miles, and before he knew he would be driving past Marketing Inc. There in full view of the main road was the company car park and Amy was getting out of her parked red car. Brad dare not stop and Amy had her head turned away so he did not get a look of her face. He wanted to match her up with the photo that he had received over the net. Even if he had been able to see her face, it would have been possible over that distance to recognise her anyway. A nasty thought went through his mind had he been following the wrong person, well if it was not Amy who was it, she had come from Amy’s house, he remarked to himself that body wise she looked in good shape.
He now had the rest of the day to kill, intending to return late afternoon and try and see where she might lead him. So he returned to his old haunt the Burger King for a breakfast and a read of the local newspaper and to decide what to do for the rest of the day. Jane’s pretty little face greeted him as he ordered a breakfast. This time she was not nervous, so Brad assumed that the boss had not turned up for work yet. "Boss not at work yet" asked Brad. "No he’s taken the day off," said Jane. "So, while the cats away, the mice will play," laughed Brad. "Sorry" said Jane not quite understanding the question, "Oh nothing," replied Brad. "I’ll bring it over in a minute" said Jane "It's not quite ready yet, we have only just opened". With that Brad grabbed a paper and found a seat near the window for a spot of local gazing.
The day dragged by very slowly for Brad but at four thirty he positioned his car just down the road from the Marketing Inc. After first checking that Amy’s Red Sudan was still in the company car park. Now it was just a case of waiting. And waiting is what he did, but just after six thirty and a couple of hundred county music request on the radio later. Amy’s car drove passed and a further shock awaited Brad, there was a guy in the front seat with her. Now he had to be careful not to get to close, but also not to lose her, he had no idea where she would be going.
Within just a few minutes they were back onto Vine Street, it was a little easier now as he was getting to know this part of the town quite well. The Red Sudan pulled into the forecourt of the Professor Pittewurst’s Inn and parked. Brad drove passed and a little further down the Street and parked. He took his time in locking the car and walking back to the Inn. He was guessing that they had stopped off for a drink or meal after a long day at the office. However, who was this guy, was he a lover or just a friend from the office, Brad would have to be careful how he went, this had not been a part of his plans.
He stalled further at the door wanting to give them a bit more time to get settled into a seat. When finally he walked in he headed straight to the bar and plonked himself down on to a stool, not bothering to look around for the moment. Once he had a beer in his hand he casually turned around seeing if he could pick them out. To his amazement the place was about half full, but there was only one couple and they were over by the window sitting opposite each other, but to his horror they were holding hands. Brad took the photo from his pocket and compared it with the lady he was eyeing up. It was certainly Amy, in fact the photo did not do her justice, She looked a stunner, a good looking woman with short blonde hair, even after a hard day at the office she still looked very well kept and pretty.
He had also sent Amy a photo, but it was one that he used for his magic stage act. He was hoping that maybe he might not stand out like a saw thumb in a crowd. Now his hair had returned to its natural very light grey colour, but he made a point of not trying to stare at them.
After about twenty minutes he beckoned over to the barman who he was guessing to be the owner.  "Excuse me but I’m a magician, what would be the chance of you letting me walk your tables and showing your patrons a few card tricks". "Oh I’m not after money, I’ll do it for free, I just love my work". Asked Brad "Well if it’s for free then I guess it won't hurt, mind you I don’t want you bothering anybody," replied the barman. "No problem" said Brad extending his hand to shake the barman’s hand. "Here I’ll show you one first". And with that he took a packet from out of his pocket a showed him one of the best card tricks in his repertoire, part of his ambitious card routine. The barman was just blown away, all he could say was, "Hey how did you do that", "Very well" replied Brad. The barman was so impressed that he told him to "Go for it".
Brad started to work his way around the tables, but starting as far away from Amy’s table as possible. Brads magic was so impressive that at every table that he performed the people became very noisy and verbal after witnessing each trick. So by now the other patrons in the Inn were wondering what he was doing. Upon realising it was magic they all eagerly awaited him reaching their tables.
Brad arrived at one table and there to his surprise was the sweet and innocent looking very timid Jane from the Burger King restaurant. "Hello" she said to Brad, and then proceeded to tell the people at her table how she knew Brad, but funnily she did not know his name. "Its Jeff" he said thinking of Jeff McBride the famous American magician. Brad then proceeded to dazzle them with an array of tricks. While Jane spent most of the time telling her friends over and over that she knew him.
It took him almost forty minutes to get to Amy’s table. In fact at one time Brad even wondered if he was stringing it out to long and that they might leave well before he reached them. However, he also had that air of mystery about him and what was he up to. So much so that Amy would have waited half the night for her turn just to see what he was showing everybody else.
Brad had secretly arranged a deck of cards, back at his motel room, by writing on the backs of a few of them with a felt tip pen. Just for this very moment and now it had arrived. He took this pack from his pocket and turned to the beautiful Amy and said "Hi I’m your local wandering magician, can I show you a couple of my illusions". "Yes" said Amy. "Wow" Brad thought this is the first time I’ve heard her speak. She sounds just like I’d always imagined her to sound.
He fan spread the cards in his left hand with the values all facing up, this way Amy could see that they were all different. Next he pushed the cards back into a pack, still face up and asked her to choose three cards. These were all forced on to her, although Amy thought that she was having a free choice. Each card was then laid onto the table still with the value face up. There was the ace of clubs, the two of clubs and the  three clubs all laid out in numerical order. "Now that’s magic for a start, however did you manage to choose three cards on the trot and all of them of the same suite". "You have done this before haven’t you" he said looking into Amy’s eyes. Amy was caught off guard and did not know what to say in reply she just stared back at him.
Next Brad who by this time was standing very close to Amy, could smell her perfume. It was a nice sexual smell and Brad wished that he could lean down and kiss her on the cheek. He lowered his head next to her and whispered to her to slowly "Turn over one card at a time". She first went for the two of clubs, slowly she turned it over and laid it on its face, the letter M had been wrote on its back by a felt tip pen. "Another one" Brad whispered again. She then turned over the three of clubs this card had the letter Y on its back, Brad prompted her again, and she reached out and turned the ace of clubs and on its back was the letter A.
There spread out in front of her was her name AMY. She gave a little squeal and then a shout, "How did you do that, how did you know it was my name, hey show me again". "Woo, Woo, slow down" said Brad, "One thing at a time". Brad knew that one of the first secrets of magic was that you did not ever repeat a trick more than once, unless that is you did it in a completely different way. However, with Amy he also knew that, what he had just demonstrated to her, could not be bettered, not to Amy any way. Another reason is to leave an appreciated audience wanting, that way they would always return to see you perform another time. Brad decided on the latter approach, and he introduced himself as Wandering Willy the card man. Amy introduced herself and also Ray who she said was a friend from work. Brad could not help noticing that he was a big guy, built like the provably brick outhouse, he could also sense that Ray was more than just a work colleague. As they got up to leave Brad made sure that he told them if they wanted to see more of his brand of magic, then he would be there again the following day.
Brad made his way back to the bar, where he spoke to the barman. Who was very impressed with the entertainment Brad had provided his customers. A deal was struck allowing Brad to return the next evening. The barman then took $50 dollars from the cash register and gave it to him. "By the way I’m known as Chuck, would you like a beer". Brad continued the chat, making arrangements to return the next evening and to weave his brand of magic amongst the patrons once again. Then finishing the small beer he made his farewell and headed back to the motel.
The next day Brad was a celebrity at the Burger King, even being asked if he wanted the usual by Jane, wasn’t that a sign he was a regular. Jane had spread the word amongst her fellow workers and friends, about his skill as a magician. He was even approach by customers as he tried to enjoy his meal. So much so that he left early and made his way back to the motel. He was worried that the true reason that he was in Hays would leak out before he was ready. His plans so far had not exactly been carried out to the letter, but it had all worked out pretty good so far. He was pinning his hope on the fact that Amy would return that evening to the Inn. Brad spent time perfecting a new card trick for the occasion.
He did not enter the Inn that evening until he was sure that Amy would be there, assuming that she worked late most evenings. As he leaned on the bar and looked around the first place he looked at was near the window. There she was, just as Brad had hoped, he had that nice feeling inside that tells you things are good. Amy even gave him a little wave that Brad acknowledged with just a raising of his hand. As he continued to look around he could not believe that the whole place was full, not a spare chair in the house, as they say. And there was Jane sitting at a long table filled with what Brad surmised was all her friends. "Can’t be bad" Brad thought "Pity I can’t perform to crowds like this every night".
 "Not a bad crowd for you tonight Brad" shouted Chuck then asking him what he wanted to drink. "Didn’t take much to spread around the town, biggest crowd I’ve had in here for a few weeks".
Brad had a drink and a chat with Jane who came over to see him. She also brought over a couple of friends just to be introduced. All of the time Brad’s eyes kept wandering around the room always ending up where Amy who was sitting with her man friend.  After a couple of these glances he realise that Amy was with a different guy than last night. All sorts of things went through his head trying to guess at a reason. It just got the better of him, he would have to wait until he ended up at her table.
Brad threw himself into a vigorous routine of card magic as he worked his way around the tables. Although tonight was a little different than the previous one. Now the people knew about him, now they wanted more and more. Brad trying to be the diplomat did his best to satisfy and not to offend them. His aim was to do just two tricks at each table and to end up at Amy’s last, so he could stay there once he’d finish his magic, as Brad wanted to talk to Amy, alone if possible. It took what Brad thought was hours to get to Amy. Finally he made it, he was there by her side. "Hello we meet again" she said with a smile on her face, "Yes and how are you" Brad replied. "I’m okay this is my friend Kenny", Amy said gesturing to him with her hand". Brad shook his hand, just like Gerry the night before. Kenny was also a very big guy, not the sort to pick a fight with Brad thought. He wanted to ask Amy so much but could not while she was with Gerry after all he might be her regular boyfriend, although he doubted it. Then he wondered maybe she preferred a different boy each night, who knows he wondered. He was beginning to feel uncomfortable with the whole situation, had he come all this way for nothing.
Brad did three of four tricks what he called just normal run of the mill stuff. Then finally he swapped decks with one he had in another pocket, this had been set up in his motel. "This is a trick" he turned to Amy  "Where you are going to have to use your power of thought, and telegraphy". She smiled, that’s a lovely smile Brad thought. "You have got to send me through the air your thoughts, can you do that". "I don’t know, I’ve never tried," she said. "Okay let’s see", Brad spread the deck of cards in his left hand and asked her to pick any card at random. Which she did placing it face down on the table, unbeknown it had been forced onto her. "Now I would like you to write on the back," he said giving her a felt tip "Somebody’s name somebody who doesn’t live in the USA, somebody who I would never have a clue who it was". Then trying to prompt her he added "Maybe someone, do you have a computer". "Yes" she said. "Well maybe someone you talk to from another country I don’t know maybe from Africa or AUSTRALIA", he said louder so it would stick in her mind. This is called the power of direction if done correctly you can get most people to write what you want, it's one of the main tools in a magicians arsenal of tricks.
Quite amazingly she wrote Brad on the back of the card, he then asked her "To think of Brad, so that her thoughts could travel around the world so that he would be able to answer her". He then asked her to "Slowly turn over the card", which she did and laid it flat on the table. To Amy’s amazement, wrote on the face side of the card was. "Hi Rascal". Amy pushed herself and chair away from the table and let out a squeal, there was a look of shock on her face, her mouth was open but nothing was coming out, she just stared at Brad. Suddenly she said. "It's you, your Brad aren’t you", "You know I thought there was something about you but I could not put my finger on it". "Even your face I had that feeling that I knew you".
It took a few moments for Amy to regain her composure, and then the questions started to fly fast and furious at Brad. He did his best to answer most of them, but it was on for one and all for the next hour. Brad was sitting by Amy’s side while her gentleman escort for the night was sitting in front of her, Kenny felt out of the conversation and was starting to get fed up with this guy who had come from nowhere and now it seemed like he was losing his date to him, he wasn’t very pleased about the whole situation.
Kenny got up to go to the smallest room in the house. Brad grabbed the opportunity to ask Amy some very personal questions. He went on to tell her how he had fallen in love with her and that he would even stay in America just so they could be together and that he was staying at the Vagabond motel. He got hold of her hand and held it between his, awaiting an answer. Amy did not know what to say, this had all come out of the blue and caught her completely unaware, she felt like she needed time to think.
When Kenny arrived back at the table and saw them both holding hands, this was about as much as he could take. He leaned down and grabbed Brad by the neck with his very big left hand, almost picked him up off the floor and hit him straight on the jaw. The blow was very hard and knocked Brad to the floor. Before anybody in the room knew what was happening Kenny grabbed hold of Amy’s arm and forced her out of the Inn.
Now Brad was an able guy with his fist and could rough it with the best of them, after all he had gone through unarmed combat while in the Australian military. It would have looked good if he’d got up and floored Kenny, everybody loves a hero. However, he choose the other option and that was to lie there like a wounded bull. After all it had been an unprovoked attack upon him, maybe by staying down he would get a little sympathy, doesn’t everybody like the underdog.
Brad was left half sitting, half lying on the floor propped up against an over turned table. Jane rushed over to help him as he was looking a little dazed, Chuck was also there asking what had happened, as he stood up the table and chairs in an effort to tidy the place up. Brad went on to explain, as he rubbed his jaw and wiped a little blood from the side of his mouth. That he did not know what it was all about, other than the guy must have been jealous of him. Anyway it was all over, if there were any damage he’d pay for it. Chuck just said, "No problem mate come up the bar and I’ll get you a drink".
Brad spent the rest of the evening at the bar with Jane just talking and getting to know each other. Mind you Brad was still very guarded on his identity, but they hit it off well. In fact when it was time to leave Jane went with him to the Motel, where the conversation carried on. Jane was trying her hardest to get into bed with Brad. However, Brad was a little weary of the situation. Jane was a lot younger than him and he did not think it the right thing to do, further more he was treating her more like a daughter. He now realised that it had been a wrong thing to do bringing her back. In order to get her out, he was now going to course a scene and this was the last thing he wanted. Two scenes in one night it would not take much to turn the locals against him, this he did not need.
After a time and to his relief he did manage to talk Jane into leaving, he said that he would see her tomorrow for breakfast at the Burger King. After she had left Brad started to get ready for bed, when there was a knock on the door. Brad slowly opened the door and there standing in the moonlight was Amy with that very nice little smile on her face. "Had to wait till your little friend left," she said. Brad jumped in quickly "We were only talking, and I showed her some magic". "Yeah I bet you did, is that what they call it now-a-days, magic." laughed Amy. "No magic is how I would sometimes describe it, on the good occasions that is", added Brad. "How long have you been out there anyway" he asked. "Oh I saw you both arrive, I was over the other side of the road sitting in my car, waiting for you". "If I were you I would not let the Sheriff know what you were up to, it’s a criminal offence in this state you know". She laughed again, "Don’t worry only kidding". Brad asked her in and they sat down on the side of the bed. Amy started to explain to Brad about her jealous boy friend and to say how sorry she was for what had happened. She looked and touched the small bruise that had appeared on the side of his left jaw. The whole evening had been a shock to everybody, events had moved so fast it was unbelievable. The conversation covered all the ground that had not been covered earlier in the evening. Slowly they were being drawn together there was that little spark that two lovers get for the first time. It did not take long for the spark to grow in to a raging fire. Brad leaned over and kissed Amy on the lips. Something he had wanted to do for a long time, they both fell back onto the bed entwined in a warm embrace.
When Brad awoke the space in the bed beside him was empty, Amy had gone. Looking at the clock on the bedside cabinet it read 8.33 am. Maybe she had been late for work or something, he did not know. He had just got out of the shower when the phone rang, it was Amy "Good morning" she said "And how are you today". Brad went on to tell her how he had enjoyed their evening together or at least the latter part of it. Amy in turn told him how she had gone home to change for work and would meet him for dinner that evening, at the Professors Inn.
Breakfast at the Burger King was not quite the same, word had spread around about the fight at the Professors Inn the night before. While Jane had done her utmost to tell as many people as possible that she had been to his room. Brad got to thinking that at this rate he might be picked up by the Sheriff as Amy had mentioned earlier.
During the day Brad took a phone call from the owner of Hawke’s Sports Bar and Grill, said that he had heard, he was coursing a quite a stir in town, showing off his brand of magic and that he was very good at it as well. He was offering him a job, nightly at the grill but only for tips. Brad said that he would get back to him later. Not wanting to fall out with Chuck at Professors, after all Chuck had given him his first opportunity so he did not want to walk out on him without discussing it first. However, it was nice to know that people were applauding him for what he was doing. He got to wonder if it was little miss Jane once again that had started the gossip, "Oh well she means well", he said to himself.
Brad was sitting by the bar at Professors as Amy came over to meet him, only tonight she was early. No over time tonight Brad thought, feeling good that maybe she was eager to see him. He bought her a drink and they walked over to the table by the window. It was a few seconds before Amy broke the silence, why did you not tell me you were coming". "Then you would have stopped me, wouldn’t you" he added. "Sure I would, you’re crazy, you know that", "Yeah and I’ve got a sore jaw to prove it". Brad asked if she minded him doing a little magic as quite a crowd had gathered in the Bar. Amy shook her head lightly and quietly said "No, but maybe they have come to see you fight instead of the magic, have you thought about that". She smiled and so did Brad. He got up and started to work his way around the tables showing off what he could do best, card magic. However, he was little faster tonight, he was in a hurry to end up with Amy. He wanted to spend as much time as possible with her.
With-in the hour he was back sitting with her, he grabbed her hand and kiss the back of it lightly. "It's Friday night the start of the weekend, where can we go", "What do you mean" she asked. "Surely you know some nice little out of the way place where we can spend the weekend together," enquired Brad. "No not really and anyway I have to go out on Sunday" Amy explained. Leaving Brad a little taken aback by her reply. What was he going to be able to do for a whole day?
Later that night they went back to Brads motel room were a passionate night of love ensued. The time for Brad to ask more questions of Amy was over. Although he was intrigued why Amy was always guarded about her own house, and for some reason unknown, she would not invite him back. Still tonight was not the time to go into all that, putting it in the back of his mind for now anyway.
Saturday morning was spent with Brad following Amy around the shops in the centre of down. Brad felt he was being paraded around on display for the entire town to see. He was introduced to all of her friends that she met while going from shop to shop. It was as if he was her latest plaything to be shown off. For the moment he went along with it. Brads money situation was not in a very healthy state, but at least he was earning tips at the Professors in the evenings. He desperately wanted to purchase a small ring, just to show her his feelings towards her. Upon checking his wallet, he decided to try and get away from her for a few minutes on his own so that he could find one without her knowing. This he accomplished and found a small friendship ring that he liked. However, it cost more that he had intended leaving him low on cash for the remainder of his stay. So tonight he would have to return to the Professors. He would also have to make arrangements to do a deal with Hawkes Sports Bar and somehow fit in a couple of shows for them next week. For now he kept the ring in his pocket not saying anything about it to Amy.
For a meal Amy took him to one of her favourite restaurants in the centre of town just off Vine Street. This was a change from the Burger King and anyway he did not want to run into Jane, that day at least. Brad had to tell Amy that his cash flow was very low and that he could not pay these prices. Amy just laughed, "It's on me Brad, my welcome to Hays present for you". This embarrassed Brad never having been in this position before, after all he had always paid his way. He started to curse himself for buying the retched ring. Now Amy might think that he was a sponger, which was not true.
That night at the Professors while Brad weaved his brand of magic upon a bursting at the seams full house. He noticed that a strange guy was sitting with Amy at her table. Brad had never seen him before and was starting to get a little jealous. He was trying to work his way toward her while in his head his imagination was running riot. However, the crowd was so thick it was impossible for him to walk passed people without stopping to show them a trick. Being a rather large crowd on this evening it took Brad almost two hours before he had just about shown every person at least one trick when he finally reach Amy’s table. By this time the mystery person had left leaving Brad with lots of unanswered questions. Not wanting to wade in and course an argument be was trying to be tactful when he asked Amy who the guy was sitting with her. "Oh just somebody I know " she replied. He was starting to feel a little uncomfortable, after only knowing Amy for a few days he’d seem her with three different guys. Mind you he also accepted that he had suddenly burst onto the scene from nowhere and that people are not going to change their lives immediately just for him. She had had a life before he came along and maybe it was going to be hard to change that or more to the point, hard for Brad to accept her and her way of life.
Brad was not satisfied with her answer, but had to go along with it for now. He suddenly brought out the box that contained the ring and offered it to Amy, saying, "This is a little something that I want you to have. It’s just a way of me saying that I love you". Amy’s eyes almost popped out of her head when she flicked open the box and saw the ring. Brad took it out and slipped onto her finger then gave her a little kiss on the side of her cheek. The ring sat alongside three or four others that she wore on that hand. That left him wondering if they were presents from other boy friend's from her passed.
The rest of the evening was spent at Brad’s motel, were a lot of talking and occasional kissing took place. However, by 1 am Amy had left for home leaving Brad with all sorts of problems on his mind. For the first time he started to think that it had not been a very good idea to come to America. As he lay back on his bed staring up at the ceiling, Amy’s words from those early days on the computer came back to haunt him. "But Remember I’m a Rascal". What had she meant, all of a sudden he was beginning to understand, and was he about to pay the price.
Chapter 6

DISBELIEF
Brad woke to the sound of loud knocking coming from his motel room door. It was Sunday. Who on earth would want him at this time of the morning, glancing at his watch it read 7.30 am. Grabbing his jeans and slipping them on, he made his way to see who it was, Shouting "Hang on or you'll wake the neighbours". He got quite a shock when he opened the door and found Jane standing on the doorstep. "Well can I come in" she asked, Brad nervously glanced up and down the row of motel rooms half expecting to see the police staking the place out. Seeing that it was all clear he let her in to the room. "A bit early in the day to be visiting guys in their rooms isn't it", Brad asked. "Anyway how did you know that I would be here and on my own at that". "That's what I have got to talk to you about, I've spent a sleepless night wondering if I should come". "I don't know how to, or where to start but I have something to tell you" Jane blurted out. Brad was becoming very inquisitive as to what she was referring to. "Anyway how did you know that I would not be with Amy" Brad chirped in. "That's who I want to talk to you about", "Amy" Brad butted in. "Yes". Brad was taken a back, and sunk on to the bed to hear what she had to say. Jane went on to tell Brad that Amy was a nice lady, but that she had a lot of boyfriends. Since her husband had left her she had sort the company of a large number of male companions from around the town. Nothing that was lasting, it was usually just the one-nightstand sort of thing that left the town talking. There was nothing bad it was just that Jane did not want to see Brad hurt, by not understanding the situation.
Brad jumped up off the edge of the bed not wanting to believe what he had just been told. He wanted to just shut his ears to the whole story. In fact he started to believe that it was just a plot for Brad to forget Amy. So that Jane could wangle her way into his affections. Brad dismissed the whole story and even told Jane that she should not be there in his room, what would happen if she were seen, then he'd have the law after him. In his haste to get her out of the room he suggested that they go and have some breakfast somewhere. As they left the motel room, the whole story was turning over and over in his head. At this point he had no idea who or what to believe.
Jane led him to McDonalds, as a worker she was allowed concessions so with this in mind if it was okay with Brad she wanted to pay for the meal. Brad just nodded in agreement he was feeling a little numb. He was running the whole story through his head, time and time again trying to analyse what Jane had said to him. They sat at a table near the door with Brad staring out of the window into space. "Penny for your thoughts" she asked. "Oh I was just thinking," answered Brad. "Why are you not working today" he continued. "It's my day off" she giggled. "Maybe we can look around the town together," he asked. "Well there's not a lot to see on a Sunday's most places are shut down". "Oh! maybe you can show me around the parks or something", I have to have time to think" said Brad. "Some of the girls here have asked if you would show them some magic, I've told them that you are good", said Jane. "Not now Jane some other time, I have to be able to work this thing out on my own and for that I need space and time" replied Brad.
They spent the morning just walking around the park area of the town with Brad asking her more and more involved questions. He still did not want to believe her, it got to the stage where Brad started picking on her. The situation started to deteriorate. It then developed in to a major argument, that ended in Brad walking away muttering under his breath, that she did not know what she was talking about. Jane had sensed that she was losing him, and decided to let him go before it all turned into a load of trouble and backfired on her. It had been her intention to try and get Brad. After all she had fancied him right from their very first meeting, that day he first arrived in Hays and walked into McDonalds. Anyway if she could not have him now, then nobody would. Her story telling this morning would ensure that Amy's chances were destroyed, their future together would progress no further into the future. The differences in their ages had never seemed to bother Jane, she was always attracted to the older person, but now that her ego had been damaged she could turn out to be a thorn in Brads side, if he let it.
Brad found himself walking along Vine Street trying to digest his inner thoughts when suddenly he saw Amy go passed as a passenger in a large ford car accompanied by a guy. Panic set in, he wanted to know who it was, he wanted to follow them. It was lucky that a taxi was passing the other way, he hailed it down and the driver did a swift u-turn.
The driver turned out to be Gerry the cabbie he had met when he first arrived in Hays. "I know it sounds corny but can you follow that car", Brad asked. It did not take long for Gerry to drop in behind the large ford car. Talking over his shoulder he told Brad that the driver was a business guy from just out of town and that his passenger was a local lady known as Amy. Brad said "I know that, wherever they stop, just drop me a little further along the road".
Gerry watched the car pull into a local restaurant known as 'Rose's' well known for its local cooking. The taxi carried on down the road a hundred meters and dropped Brad off. Where he waited for ten minutes before walking back and entering 'Rose's'.
The outside the building gave the impression of a very large interior. However, this was deceiving and false. Because once you walked inside the restaurant it was in fact very small. As Brad entered it was easy for him to see the whole of the interior and the table where Amy and her new found friend were sitting.
Brad ordered a drink and made his way down to a table at the other end of the room. Where he was going to sit until he could come up with a plan, of what to do next. Amy had not wanted to see him so this was the reason, she already had a date with somebody else. Standing up for her in his mind he started to come up with all the excuses plausible. Maybe this date was planned weeks ago, just because Brad had appeared on the scene, there was no reason why Amy should just drop everybody in her life at the flick of a hat. Yeah Amy was a lady, maybe he was reading more into this than was necessary. Maybe they were just good friends as they say. Jane was wrong, and very jealousy. She was just trying to put Brad off so she could date him. He still thought a lot of Amy and he knew that if he could just talk to her everything could be sorted out.
The time was dragging by slowly for Brad as he tried discreetly to watch the table they were seated at. He was already on to his third drink, when suddenly Amy got up and walked over to the powder room. Brad seized on this opportunity and got up walking toward Amy's friend. Putting his hand into his pocket he drew out a packet of cards. He walked right up to the guy and introduced himself as the local magician and would he like to see some magic. The guy, who was now sitting on his own with nothing to do, jumped at the opportunity of watching something while he awaited Amy's return. Brad launched himself into one of his ambitious card routines. Brad had over one hundred ways of doing this particular trick and everyone was different, so it was not long before he had the guy's eyes popping out of his head in amazement.
Brad had his back to the powder room and was so engrossed in his performance that he did not realise that Amy had walked up behind him. The guy looked up and said to Amy "Hey this guy is a bloody good magician". "Yes I know," said Amy. "How'd you know that?" he asked. With that Brad turned round to face Amy. "Hi" said Brad. Amy was looking very savage and asked, "Are you following me, or something". "I just wanted to talk to you". "Hey wait a minute," said the guy, "Is this pervert stalking you". Before Amy could stop him he grabbed Brad by the throat and punched him in the face. With that, a full-scale fight developed, they were both evenly matched in size, but with Brad's military service training he thought the odds were in his favour. It was not long before they were both rolling around on the floor with glasses and a couple of chairs getting broken in the disturbance. Brad was getting on top of the situation, when a local guy in the room came up behind him and grabbed his arms holding him tight. This was guy's chance and he took the opportunity with both hands, smashing Brad to the floor with a flurry of blows. Brad found himself on his back with his head propped up on an upturned table that was lying on its side. As he opened his eye's he saw Amy and her male escort leaving the room. The last thing he remembered was seeing Amy looking over her shoulder and giving him what he thought was a sly smile, then she turned to her escort and gave him a kiss on the cheek grabbed his arm and together they walked out. Brad was out for the count for a couple of minutes. The waiter came over and helped him up. Brad not wanting to get into trouble with the police thrust a couple of hundred dollars in his hand and apologised for the trouble, before making a hasty retreat from the restaurant.
He was dazed and confused, not knowing where to go, in fact he was having trouble trying to work out exactly where he was. He stumbled over and sat in a shop doorway trying to get his breath back and check himself over for injury's. As the time started to slip by he suddenly started to get flashbacks about the whole incident. It was that sly smile that was haunting him. What had he done to deserve that? After all he had come halfway around the world to see her, not to be humiliated by her and her friends. The word friend stuck in his head, as for friends he did not even known the name of her latest escort who had just beaten him up. It was about now that it was starting to sink in that Amy was going to belong to no one man, she was enjoying herself playing the field as they say. That was not for Brad he was a one-woman guy, he would give all of his love and honesty to one woman, but would expect a little back in return. That sort of love was not to be had in this part of the world, for Brad anyway.
Brad found himself walking along Vine Street once again towards his motel in an area that was badly lit. The street lighting had been vandalised and there were areas that had no lighting. He was in a world all of his own, a world of thought, not really noticing what was going on around him. However, he was suddenly brought out of this state by a young lad standing on the corner of an alleyway asking him for a light, for his cigarette. Brad being a trusting sort of person never saw the warning signs. He stopped to explain that he did not smoke and that he could not help him. Before he knew it two other lads grabbed him from behind, one hitting him on the head with what could have been a piece of wood. For Brad it was all over he felt no pain as he sunk into a fuzzy world of unconsciousness. The three lads dragged him into the alley and continued to beat and rain blows down on him. It all seemed a bit pointless Brad was in no state to retaliate and fight back. At this rate if they continued to punch and kick him, it was possible that they might kill him. Which all seemed pointless because the only reason they had attacked him was for money. After what might have seemed like a lifetime, but in actual fact was just a few minutes the older of the lads pulled the other two off. They immediately went through all of his pockets taking everything that Brad had on him including his mobile phone. Most of his clothes were torn in the lad's haste and frenzied attack. Brad was left in a semi conscious state with blood all over his face. His clothes were all torn and he was left looking like a sad rag doll. This was the second beating that he had taken in just a few hours.
“But Remember I’m a Rascal” These words had been haunting him for some times, was he about to find out why?
Chapter 7

REALLITY
Brad awoke feeling very dazed and bewildered, not knowing where he was. A quick glance around at his surroundings told him it was not his motel. He was laying on a very hard wooden litter shaped bed with just a blanket thrown over him. Over the far side of the room was a door with what looked like steel bars on the upper section. At first he thought that he was dreaming, then suddenly the bared door swung open and a uniformed person walked in with a mug of coffee in his hand, asking if he was okay. Brad nodded that he was, but was not being honest, as his body ached from head to toe. He sat up and ran his left hand across his face as he yawned, it felt like the contours of a map with lumps and bumps all over it. As he brought his hand passed his face he noticed a small amount of blood on his fingers. He suddenly realised that he was experiencing excruciating pain from his right hand. "What's happened and where am I". He asked quietly of the uniformed guy standing in front of him, whom by now he had worked out to be a police deputy. "That's what we would like to know" came the reply. "All I remember" said Brad "Was these three people attacking me".
Just then a second person walked into the room and introduced himself as Tim McGraw the local Sheriff. Who also asked what had happened to him. Brad started again. "Not you as well, all I remember was these three people attacking me from behind". "Well must admit that you were in a bit of a state when my deputies brought you in". "They found you in an alley with no ID and no money, in fact no nothing". "In this state that's a crime, you're classed as a hobo, so they brought you in" said the Sheriff.  "A hospital would have been a better place," quipped Brad rubbing his right wrist. "They did not know where you lived, thought you were just a drunk" added the Sheriff. Brad was starting to get flash backs from the night before. He remembered one of his assailants digging his heal into the back of Brads out stretched hand, and grinding it squashing his fingers. The pain was bad, but at this stage Brad did not think anything was broken, although the pain told him that he did have some sort of problem within the wrist and one of his fingers.
Brad went on to tell the Sheriff that he was staying at the Vagabond motel, but he had no keys to prove it, his pockets had been stripped clean by his assailants. Brad proceeded to tell the Sheriff most of what had happened to him in the last couple of weeks but in an abridged version. He finally got around to asking when he might be able to leave or at least be able to have a wash to clean himself up. The Sheriff informed him that until they had proof of his identity he would be staying right where he was, for the time being anyway.
To pass away the time Brad asked if they could lend him a pack of cards, one of the other deputies brought them to the cell for Brad and introduced himself as Arch, short for Archie. Brad started to run through some of his routines, but with great difficulties only being able to use his left hand. Brad's skill with a deck of cards was so advanced that he could use either hand but at times while he tried to use the right it became very difficult shooting terrible pains up the whole of his arm. However, he still had enough skill to completely dazzle Arch, who stood in the doorway of the cell watching. Finally asking if it was he who had been coursing a big sensation at the Professors during the week. Brad answered with a smile and nodded his head. Arch walked over and sat on the side of the bed with him completely mesmerised by the display that he was being privileged to witness. Brad had to leave out certain tricks from his repertoire because of the right hand and at times did worry if it was going to affect his performance in the future.
An hour later Sheriff McGraw returned to the cell to find deputy Arch still sitting on the bed alongside Brad with the cell door wide open. At first he lost his temper with Arch, calling him a fool, for all you know he could be a notorious criminal, he could have smashed you on the head and escaped. Arch went on to say that he had heard about him performing at the Professors during the week with a deck of cards. The Sheriffs face lit up "Oh got a work permit to perform in the States have we" he asked. Brad shook his head slowly.
The Sheriff had more bad news for him, his assailants had taken his motel keys and completely ram shackled and emptied his room, and everything had gone other than his clothes. Brad was already beginning to fear the worse, asking if they had found his lap top computer. "Computer" they laughed "That's the first thing they would have taken here, they have a good second hand value and would be able to shift it very easy". Brad went on to say that the computer he didn't mind, okay it cost a lot of money, but he could replace it sometime later. However, it was his story that he was writing on the laptop that he  would not be able to replace.
The situation was looking very bleak for Brad and there did not seem to be a break in the gloom for him. Here he was stranded in a foreign country with no money, no wallet or mobile phone and with the Sheriff breathing down his neck. To make matters worse he had no means of being able to earn some money to purchase a ticket home.
Arch was ordered to take Brad to the hospital for a check over, this turned out to cast more gloom over Brad, when it was discovered that he had two small bones broken in his right wrist plus a fractured cheek bone. However, he did have the last laugh when he was confronted by a hospital administration staff member who inquired as to who was going to pay for his treatment. Brad with a smile on his face gave the police headquarters as his address and that Sheriff Tim McGraw would vouch for him.
Back in his cell after giving the whole complement of Deputies an amazing display of card magic, that blew them all away. Even with the pain that accompanied the display, Brad was able to leave them all breathless, which was quite a feat to accomplish, considering it was all done with only the use of one hand. Many good magicians have to struggle to obtain this sort of excellence using two hands. Sheriff McGraw even had a smile on his face, he had by now accepted Brad's version of events. However, he had to up hold the law for the town citizens. And the law said that he had to move on any undesirable people who had no money or means of supporting themselves. The town of Hays did not like this sort of person hanging around. Upon the completion of his display and to the sound of very loud cheering and clapping Brad was put into the Sheriffs car and driven to the out skirts of town where it pulled over to the side of the highway. Pointing straight ahead the Sheriff said "That's the way you came here, that's the best way for you to head back out". "I'm sorry but those are the rules mate" he grabbed Brads bag of clothes that were found at the motel, from behind him off the back seat of the police car and laid them on his lap. He then thrust $10 note into his hand "Here mate thanks for the Magic show the boys loved it". "Made you more popular than me at one stage, it was much appreciated". "Get yourself some food further down the road. Sorry that it worked out this way, but maybe you're better off heading home".
Brad sat by the roadside on his bag, amongst the dust and pebbles for almost an hour. During that time just to relieve the boredom, for the first time Brad went through his belongings just seeing what he had been left with after the mugging. All he found were clothes and some of those had been torn. As he was going through the back pocket of a pair of jeans his fingers brought out a small card. He turned it over and read the name of Emily. For a minute he had to think who Emily was. Before it came to back to him, Emily had been the young girl that had sat beside him on the Greyhound bus with from Las Vagas. There was also a phone number and address where she was staying with her mother on holiday. He was suddenly shaken from his thoughts as a pickup truck stopped to offer him a lift. The driver was a young local farmer who said he could take him to Salina, he introduced himself as Tom and explained that it was as far as he was going. There was no hesitation upon Brads part as he had no choice, he had just been railroaded out of town by the local Sheriff. It had only been a couple of weeks since Brad had travelled along this same road on his journey into what was then the unknown. Now he was retracing his footsteps in a different frame of mind, he was bewildered broke and feeling very sore from his injuries. The biggest problem he had was within his head, how on earth had he got it all so wrong. After all Brad was a grown man and had travelled the world before, he knew enough about life not to have made this sort of mistake. How had he made such a mistake, why had he not been able to read the signs earlier? However, that's love for you, over the years he had always used a favourites saying. "Love will draw you further than gunpowder will blow you". In this instance it had certainly been proven correct.
The trip to Salina did not take long for Brad anyway, during the whole trip he had been in a world all of his own, a world of deep thought a world of wondering what his next move should be. He was so engrossed within himself that he rarely heard a word that Tom was uttering during the whole trip. It was a good thing that he was talking otherwise there would have been a deathly silence within that vehicle.
Tom dropped Brad at the centre of town and they said farewell. It was time to eat as his stomached was rumbling, and anyway the $10 was burning a hole in his pocket. It was no good hanging onto it. $10 would not go far, and so once it's gone it's gone. For lunch he found a McDonalds, at least the food would be cheap and he would not be embarrassed by being found short of money at the counter, it was bad enough being hard up, but at least he would not be humiliated as well. His appetite was very ravenous and could be seen by the amount of change he received from the cashier, which was just a few cents.
By early afternoon he was back on the road heading south towards Wichita or at least that's where he hoped the road would take him. A large cattle truck pulled up and offered him a ride, Brad climbed up into the cab and settled back into a lovely plush front seat. This was not your usual truck, this was a top of the range, owner-driver well cared for luxury roadrunner. The cab was even sound proofed, for once you could hear each other talk. Brad was ready for some talking, he had stewed his brain long enough. During the trip to Wichita Brad opened up his heart to the driver, who went by the name of Todd He told him the whole story of his disastrous trip to Hays. The story was so long and in detail that it left Brad doing all of the talking, at least he was getting the sad sorry state of affairs out and not bottling it up inside of him.
The story had been so long and drawn out that before Brad knew it they were driving into Wichita and the truckie pulled over to let him out. He thanked Todd just asking him to point him in the direction of Oklahoma. While climbing out of the cab he hesitated, but then turned back looking at Todd. He was embarrassed but felt he had to ask Todd if he could lend him the cost of a phone call. During the trip Brad had started to put together a rough draft of an idea to help get him out of his predicament. As his pockets were empty, a phone call might just be the answer to a prayer. Jumping from the cab he placed the coins in his pocket and felt very humble, the thought of asking for a loan that would never be repaid put a lump in his throat. Brad had never been so hard up in his entire lifetime.
Brad found a local call box and rang the number on Emily's card, and was amazed that she answered. He had been wondering what to do if maybe she had returned to Las Vagas, or if her mother had picked it up, or heaven forbid her boy friend had answered.
"It's Brad here" he said, " We met on a Greyhound", he continued with a slight wobble in his voice. "Brad!" she gave a little giggle. "Never thought that I would ever hear from you again". "Well must admit, I never thought that I would be making this call, I have to be quick as I'm in a call box". Emily took his number and rang him back. So Brad could tell her that he was stranded in Wichita and had no idea what to do next. The conversation went on for some time while the whole story was unravelled to Emily. She could hear with in his voice that he was truly in trouble and not knowing what to do next.
Emily had liked Brad on the bus trip and had even offered to put him up at her mother's even though at the time her mother had not been consulted. She could almost detect that he might be fighting back a few tears. Suddenly the impulse to go to him came over her, and she found herself saying that he was to stay put, she would drive to Wichita and pick him up. Brad knew it would take her several hours and that she would not be there until the early hours of the morning. So they made arrangement to meet at the Greyhound bus depot. Maybe he would be able to grab a couple of hours sleep on a bench somewhere. He had to just hope that the local Sheriff did not pick him up after all he did not have any form of ID to show. It suddenly occurred to him that he had no passport either, how on earth was he going to be able to return to Australia.
Brad was asleep curled up on a wooden bench outside of the bus depot. When he was awakened by a set of powerful headlights shining right in his eyes. He had no idea how long he had been asleep. However, the aches and pains that his body was experiencing, told him that it had been laying in an uncomfortable and cold position most of the night. In order that he might be able to grab some very welcomed sleep. The head lights came closer and closer, in fact Brad started to get up thinking that the car was not going to stop. It was just possible that he was going to be run over while laying on the bench, now that's a novel ending to my troubles he thought. He gave a little sigh as the car came to a holt just in front of him. Brads first thought was that it was the local Sheriff, as the lights were still blazing in his eye he could not see the make of car. Next minute the lights were switched off and he saw a person step out and walk towards him. Slowly he made out the figure of a female. Brad was very relieved when he heard Emily's voice call out, "Is that you Brad". "Sure is " he replied, "Boy am I glad to see you".
Brad stood up to greet her giving her a light kiss on the side of her cheek. "Thanks for coming" he whispered in her ear. Emily was shocked at the state of his face, the blood had gone but there were now signs of bruising all over.
Emily told him that it had been a long and arduous tiring trip, and that she needed a break and have something to eat and drink. The car belonged to her mother and was a large Plymouth station wagon that had seen better days, but had been no trouble to her on the trip. They walked across the road to where an all night diner was open, so that Emily could refresh herself and have a drink.
Brad spent a long time explaining to her how he had ended up in the position that he now found himself in. Leaving nothing out, it would be pointless telling her a pack of lies. After all somehow it would all come out in the end and then if he had lied, he guessed that the situation could get even worse with Emily leaving him stranded.
Brad was very inquisitive as to why she had decided to help him and drive all that way. After all they had not really got to know each other on that bus trip from Las Vagas. Emily leaned over and gave him a kiss saying that she wanted to help and that she also liked him. "Liked" Brad thought to come all this way she would have to have more than just liked me, maybe he'd read the signs wrong on the bus. He studied her face while she was talking realising that she was a very pretty young woman. Suddenly the small age gap between then did not seem to matter. He whispered to her that she was very pretty and thanked her once again for coming.
Because Emily was very tired Brad offered to drive even though he had no licence it had been lost in his wallet. Emily was just too tired, they would have to take a chance. Maybe after a rest Emily would be able to take over, further down the highway
The front of the old Plymouth had a large leather bench seat. With Brad driving, Emily huddled up beside him not bothering with a seat belt. Just a few miles out of town and Emily was already fast asleep, with her head lying on Brads shoulder. He had a rough idea of the way to Oklahoma, anyway it was well sign posted. 
The sun was just starting to appear from the east, and its rays were coming into the car and resting on Emily's head, making a type of golden halo around her. Brad had never looked at her in this way. Here sleeping beside him was a very pretty desirable young woman. While he had gone off wandering the world looking for a Mrs right and all the time she had been sitting beside him on a bus a couple of weeks earlier. He felt a bit of a mug, there was no way that he could ask Emily to go out with him, after all she was going to feel like she was a second choice. Or would she at this stage he could only cross his fingers and hope.
The journey was long tiring and tedious, but Brad didn't mind he now had his arm around Emily's shoulder and for once he felt relaxed. He was actually taking in the countryside that was gently rolling by. They had a couple of breaks to stretch their legs and to grab a cup of coffee, and with each stop they became closer and closer and at times going into a short embrace. This journey was doing for Brad what he had tried and wanted to do with other female company for the past ten years. Something he had worked very hard on but somehow had never succeeded. Although here it was happening to him out of the blue and with no effort it was an amazing feeling. The nearer they got to their destination of Oklahoma, the closer they were getting to each other, in body and in mind. During the moments that Emily was awake, they both told each other about their past and generally filled in the gaps of their histories.
With Brad still at the wheel, the Plymouth was fast approaching the city limits of Oklahoma. He found himself just wishing that it were not true. The journey was coming to an end, and was over to quickly for him. Brad wished that it could go on forever. He pulled over to the side of the road and generally gave Emily a shake, as she opened her eyes he leaned over and gave her a light kiss on the lips. "Were here" he said quietly, "Time for you to take over, I haven't a clue where to go now". After a few minutes they both got out and had a walk around for Emily to wake herself up. Then she got in behind the wheel and drove them through the city to where her mother lived.
Mum was a very down to earth old lady, but frown on young people living in what she called sin. It was decided that they would not let her know that an affair might be taking place between them. She made Brad most welcome, making up the spare bed at the back of the house for him. Emily had told her the basics of the position that Brad had found himself in and she just accepted it. However, it did not take her long to realise that there was a loving feelings between them. She took an instant liking towards Brad and accepted him into her house.
Brad had been very lucky because Emily's holiday was fast running out, within just a few days she would have to return to her job in Vagas. The thought just did not bear thinking about. What could he do to get himself out of this mess? During one lunchtime at the table, Brad explained about an idea that he'd had for trying to make a little cash. So that he would be able to repay Emily and her mother for their kindness and hospitality. However, more importantly, how to get some money together to somehow return to LA and then home to Australia.
It was with his well and trusted skills with a pack of cards, something that he had used very successfully in the past. He had not a lot of time so he went out with Emily and hawked his skill around a couple of clubs until he was lucky enough to worm his way into one of the owner's confidence. It was only working for tips but Brad didn't mind that, all he wanted was a chance, his magic would do the talking. Mind you he was still only able to use his left hand, but that was enough to seal the deal once the owner saw for himself the mastery Brad had over a pack of cards.
Brad was soon pulling large crowds into the club, which was pleasing for him. The money was now coming in, not in large amounts at first but it was a liveable amount although it did pick up very fast. Giving Brad the opportunity to repay Emily and her mother. However, what Brad really wanted was to be able to purchase a ticket to Las Vagas and return with her. Once there he would have to have a rethink. At the moment it looked like it would be a good move to try and show off his magic there for a few weeks. At least until he'd earned sufficient cash to buy an air ticket to Aussie.
Brad would have to be very careful though, he still did not have a work permit for the US. Once the local magicians got to hear he was in town, their possible jealousy might lead them to report him to the police. Anyway he would cross that bridge when he got to it, at the moment it was a long way off.
Brad made that bus ride, even convincing the cashier at the bus depot to let him sit next to Emily for the whole trip through to Vagas. They were like a couple of youngsters with their arms around each other, they're whispering in each other's ears, they're laughing and kissing. Although it was nothing over the top, but even so it left the other passengers in no uncertain terms, of knowing that they were in love.
In Vagas Brad went along with Emily to the apartment that she rented with her friend and fellow croupier Mary. She and Mary were only to pleased to let him stay there while it was decided what his future would be. However, he would have to sleep on the couch for the time being. This arrangement was made so that Mary would feel more comfortable and not out on a limb.
It took only a day to hunt down Rudi the magician he had met up with just a few weeks earlier. Over a beer Brad went into a few details about the whole affair. Ending by saying that he needed a job to get him on his feet and pay off a few bills. He had not relied on Emily to try and get him a job in the casino where she worked. However, Brad was worried that the casino people might not like somebody showing the patrons how to cheat with a packet of cards. While at the same time trying to guarantee them that their gaming house was clean.
Eventually Brad ended up with Rudi once again. Together they made a good team selling the packet card tricks that Rudi managed to obtain. They became a formable force working very well with the public. Rebounding off one another and each complementing the other in a slick display of magic.
Brad and Emily settled in with each other and the love between them grew strong. Not wanting to compromise Emily's friend they found their own accommodation and set about setting up a home together. Brad liked the life style in Las Vagas, but realised that he still had problems ahead of him if he wanted to stay. Firstly he did not have a work permit that would have to be his priority, so he could stay in the country.
It was Emily who proposed to Brad, knowing that it would help his case if he were married to a American citizen.  Brad was over the moon with Emily and spent the whole evening whispering yes into her ear.
It was a small ceremony that took place in one of the many Las Vegas small chapels that litter the city. With Rudi as the best man and Emily's old flat mate as a lady in waiting. Then they all returned to their rented accommodation for a drink and a small celebration.
Life became good to them with Brad obtaining a very good job at the 'Monte Carlo' resort and casino. The famous magician Lance Burton, one of Brads idols, was its owner. It turned out that Lance had seen Brad working the public with Rudi, and invited him to the hotel for a private meeting. Once there and in the privacy of a back room Brad had made a very big impression on Lance, who offered him a job. He was allowed to perform his brand of card magic to the patrons in the gaming rooms. However, the big challenge for him was the roll he was going to play in helping Lance invent and perfect new card material for the big magic shows that were performed nightly on the main stage.
Brad had finally made it in the big time. After years of planning and trying, it had just fallen into his lap. Not just the magic but a pretty wife as well. Brad had never thought that he would find true love ever again. After all those years that he had grieved for his first wife and had not wanted to fill that void. However, Emily was the person who had showed him that there was always place for new love in his heart, and true love not the silly sort that he had imagined with the Rascal.
His world just got better and better, with the good news that he had been granted a work permit and would be allowed to stay in his now adopted new home of Las Vagas along with the new love in his life Emily.
Brad finished the book that he had started way back in Australia, with a lot of help and prompting from Emily. Having to totally rewrite it, after the loss of his computer in Hays. Now it all seemed like a thousand years before.
And Brad and Emily you ask, well they both lived happy ever after, but that's another story? 
"But Remember I'm a Rascal" Those words no longer haunts Brad, now he can sleep well at nights with Emily to comfort him, his nightmare was over.

What of the book, well it has never been published, or turned into a film, yet? However, the surprise is that you have just read it.
THE END
Other Titles

'Almost Total Recall' an Autobiography by Terry Aspinall. Who grew up in Stowmarket and the Teddy Boy gangs of Ipswich. Later to serve in the Royal Marines Commandos and saw active service in Borneo. Was involved in Hang Gliding during its early days of development in the UK. Played in several Rock n Roll bands around the world, before emigrating to New Zealand and a few years later to Australia.
'Chasing Shadows' This novel is about Englishman Michael J. Thompson. Who joined the Australian Army so he could serve in Vietnam during 1968. There were only a very few British who got to fight in this theatre of war and Michael was one of them. Michael had his own ideas of jungle training and fighting that he had learnt in other theatres of war. Where they had worked well and saved many lives. He always wanted to help others survive in a hostile environment. Where your next step could kill you if you walked into a bobby trap or ambush. His ideas on cross border patrols where later to be adopted by other western countries. However, his special teams were at their best on information gathering patrols. His golden rule was 'To see but not be seen, and eat nothing red'.
'The Autumn Reunion' a short novel of a school reunion that tempted James through the painful journey of having to chose one girlfriend above another.
'The Fabulous Spawlszoff Brothers' a novel, that is based on actual funny events that the author has experienced during his 50 years in the music industry.
'Johnny Morris and the Convertibles' is a novel that is based on actual events that the author has experienced during his 50 years in the music industry.
'The British Hang Gliding History' is an updated history of how the hang glider was invented in Australia during 1963, and of how it arrived in the UK to be manufactured and flown for the first time during 1972. This book is a shortened version of the successful website of the same name www.british-hang-gliding-history.com there are working hyperlinks to the BHGA early Hang Gliding magazine 'Wings' and also the BMAA early Microlight magazine 'Front Line'.
'The Adventures of Henri and Charlie' is a very young children's short story about the authors pet Peach Face Parrot and Canary that escape from their cages and are taken on a wild ride, with no hope of returning to the security of their own cages back home. In this story the birds talk to each other.
'Matthew Returns' Is a short novel about Matthew who has been discharged from the British Army after serving 22 years. He returns to Suffolk and the small country side town of Stowmarket, in which he grew up. At first he finds it hard to settle back into the life he once knew. Finding it hard to obtain employment with skills he had picked up while serving in the Army. However, a shock awaits him when it comes to finding himself a girl friend.
'Unexpected' Is a short novel about John who is in a great relationship with his partner until the day she disappears. His friends and the locals turn against him, thinking that he has done something wrong. Luckily he befriends somebody who takes him for who he is. However, he is in for a shock and an ending that he did not see coming.
'Chasing Shadows' This novel is about Englishman Michael J. Thompson. Who joined the Australian Army so he could serve in Vietnam during 1968. There were only a very few British who got to fight in this theatre of war and Michael was one of them. Michael had his own ideas of jungle training and fighting that he had learnt in other theatres of war. Where they had worked well and saved many lives. He always wanted to help others survive in a hostile environment. Where your next step could kill you if you walked into a bobby trap or ambush. His ideas on cross border patrols where later to be adopted by other western countries. However, his special teams were at their best on information gathering patrols. His golden rule was 'To see but not be seen, and eat nothing red'.
