



The Prince
&
His Royal Guard
By
Suilan Lee


The Prince & His Royal Guard

Published by Suilan Lee
Copyright © 2019, Suilan Lee
Cover art by Liang Woo
The Prince & His Royal Guard was first published on GayAuthors.org under username lilansui.

License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free e-book. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author.  Quotes used in reviews are the exception.  No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download their own free copy.  Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated. This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.
Warning: This eBook contains scenes with adult language, violence and explicit sex scenes between adult males. It is intended for mature audiences only. If you are offended by such content, please remove this eBook from your files.
Table of Contents
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Epilogue

Part One
1
Leon handed his precious Oxford Certificates to his mother and watched her tear up at the sight of them.  He had graduated two days ago.  He officially owned a Master’s in Business, and he was proud of it considering the amount of work he put in to earn the degree.  His coming vacation would be a relief from the insane rollercoaster of exam halls and lectures.  He was looking forward to a few months of fun before he moved on to the next stage of his life.
It was mid-July.  His parents came to celebrate graduation with him, and stayed on two days to enjoy London.  Kleopas and Anastasia Maximillian looked happy and relaxed, even as his mother teared up at the sight of his achievements.
“I can’t believe you did it,” Anastasia said, kissing the folder and hugging it close.  “There were times I thought you would walk away from it all.”
“Mom, it wasn’t so bad.”  Leon grinned at her.  “I only threatened to leave twice, and never did.”
Anastasia chuckled and closed the short distance between them.  She came up on her toes to kiss his chin.  He bent his knees and pulled her into a hug.
“I’m proud of you,” Anastasia said.  “I’ll take these certificates home for you.  I can’t wait for you to return to Aeras.”
Leon squeezed her tight, grateful for her steady support.
“Do you really have to spend six months away?” Kleopas asked.
Leon let go of his mother and met his father’s worried gaze.
“I’ll be fine, Dad,” Leon said, having been through this argument before.  “We’ve made solid plans.  You’ve seen them.  You cleared them with Commander Stevens.  You know we’ll be safe.”
“Leon, your Dad is just worried for you,” Anastasia said, though she too sounded unsure.  “I mean—”
“I know what you mean,” Leon said, kicking a rock on the pavement.  “But, you promised me six months after graduation.  We made an agreement.  I’ve completed my end.  Now it’s your turn.”
Kleopas let out a heavy sigh, and reached out to squeeze Leon’s right shoulder with a strong hand.
“You’re right.  We should always keep our promises,” Kleopas said, his gaze still troubled.  “Promise you’ll be careful.  If anything happens—”
“You’ll be the first I’ll call,” Leon promised.  “Besides, I’m bringing Logan along.  I’m sure he’ll let you know everything I do with my friends.”
Logan Mason was a Royal Navy Lieutenant assigned to Leon for the duration of his six-month trip.  Leon met him three weeks ago.  Logan seemed a man to follow the rules with no room for error.
“He’s not a spy,” Anastasia defended the man who would take care of Leon on their behalf.  “His job is to make sure you’re safe, and no trouble finds you.”
Leon kissed her cheek knowing she would start a comprehensive tirade of defense on Logan’s behalf.  If Leon dared refute her, he might end up having three Logans following him.
“Let’s take a picture,” Leon suggested, pointing to the camera stand he set up before he handed Anastasia his certificates.
Leon hurried to the camera, checked the settings, making sure they were as he wanted, and then he set the timer.  He ran back to join his parents, standing between his mom and dad.
“Okay, three, two, one,” Leon counted down, and smiled.
His mom leaned into him, and his dad wrapped an arm around his shoulders.  The camera timer rang and took their picture.  Three shots as Leon set it.  When it was over, Anastasia gave him another tight hug.
“Congratulations on your graduation, baby boy.  I can’t wait to see what you do next.”
Leon held her for a moment, then let her go, turning to his dad.  Kleopas pulled him into a hug too.  His strong arms wrapped around Leon in a tight reassuring way that gave Leon the feeling he could face down monsters after.
“You’ve made us very proud, Leon,” Kleopas said, patting his back.
“Thank you, Dad.  You’ll be late for your flight,” Leon said, when he noticed the black car waiting at the curb.
The driver waited by the back passenger door, watching them with a nervous look.
“We’ll be fine,” Anastasia said, though she took Leon’s hand and led the way to the car anyway.  “Don’t forget your phone tomorrow morning.  Okay?”
“Yes,” Leon said, pulling it out of his pocket to show her.  “Your numbers are on speed dial.”
“Good and you know how to access your money,” Anastasia said, peering at him, her brow raised.
Leon nodded, having gone through this line of questioning already.
“If anything unusual happens let us know, Leon.  Don’t keep quiet and try to struggle through the problem.”
“I promise,” Leon assured her.
Anastasia stopped and turned to give him a good look.  She gave a soft sigh and reached up to touch his clean-shaven jaw.
“So grown up now,” she said, almost murmuring to herself.  “I can’t believe you’re graduated from Oxford.”
Leon turned to his dad for help, afraid she might start crying.
“Come on, Ana,” Kleopas pulled her to his side.  “Leon will be back in Aeras in no time.  Six months will fly so fast, you’ll wonder where the time went.”
“I truly look forward to it,” Anastasia said, smiling at Leon.  “I’ll miss you, Leon.”
Kleopas led his wife to the car, and allowed the driver to open the back passenger door for her.  Leon waited as his mother settled in, and stepped up to the window when she lowered it.
“Have a safe flight home,” Leon said, as his father walked around to the other side and slid in next to his mother.  “Call me when you arrive.  It will be good to know you got home okay.”
Anastasia patted his hands on the door.
“See you soon, baby boy,” she said, smiling at him.
“See you, Mom.”  Leon leaned in so he could see Kleopas.  “See you, Dad.”
The driver started the car, and Leon stepped back with a short wave.  He watched them drive off with a sense of nostalgia.  Having his parents around made him wish for home.  Once he couldn’t see their car anymore, Leon turned around and hurried to his camera.  Disassembling it from the tripod, he folded the tripod’s legs and looped the camera’s belt around his neck.  He would check the pictures when he got home.
After that, he would enjoy his last day as a student in London at the going-away party his roommates were throwing.
***
Lieutenant Logan Mason stood at attention in his full uniform at the private airstrip where Prince Kleopas and Princess Anastasia Maximillian were due in minutes.  Their flight back to the Kingdom of Aeras was already cleared and waiting.  Their trip to London labeled private.  Logan knew the couple had wanted to spend time with their only son, as Prince Leon had recently graduated.
“Look alive, Mason,” Frank Stevens, his boss, said when a black car rolled into the hangar.  “They will want to talk to you.  Keep to straight and concise answers.  Understood?”
“Yes, Sir.”
Logan took in a deep breath and let it out slow, as the car came to a stop right where they stood.  Stevens opened the right back passenger door, and the driver jumped out to get the second one.  Logan had only seen this particular royal couple in magazines, on local news, or sometimes on international news when he was on missions.
This was the first time he would stand up close and personal.  He could not wait to tell his mother.  She loved listening to his adventures and this one would definitely tickle her to no end.  She loved this royal couple so much.
Joining the Aeras Royal Navy was the best decision he ever made.  His service to the Kingdom of Aeras presented him with extraordinary moments, like this one.
“Sir,” Stevens said, in greeting to Prince Kleopas.  “Your flight home is ready to go.”
“Thank you, Lt. Commander Stevens,” Prince Kleopas said.  “Convey my thanks to your superiors.  I know we’ve caused you extra work.  It could not have been easy for you.”
“We are proud to serve, Sir,” Stevens said.  “Lieutenant Mason is here to greet you before he starts his mission as Prince Leon’s Royal Guard for their six-month trip across Europe.”
Logan took his cue from Stevens.  Taking a step forward, Logan saluted facing Prince Kleopas and his wife, Princess Anastasia.
“Lieutenant Logan Mason, reporting for duty, Sir.”
Prince Kleopas’s study of him was thorough, and left him nervous as hell.
“You look quite capable,” Prince Kleopas said.  “How old are you?”
“Twenty-four last month, Sir,” Logan said.
“Close in age is good,” Prince Kleopas said with an approving nod.  “He won’t complain about feeling stifled.  Your task is not easy.  I hope you get along with my son.”
“Yes, Sir,” Logan promised, glad he had already met Prince Leon before their trip tomorrow morning.  “I’ll make sure no harm comes to Prince Leon, Sir.”
“I hope you have his itinerary so you don’t feel left behind,” Princess Anastasia said.  “Leon forgets to share information when he’s with his friends.”
“I have his official itinerary, Ma’am,” Logan promised.  “Preparations have been made to ensure an easy time for him at each step.  I’m ready to take on the task of protecting him, and will not disappoint you.”
“I can’t help but believe you when you talk,” Princess Anastasia said with a chuckle.  She held on to Prince Kleopas’s right arm and squeezed.  “Leon is in good hands.  He will be fine.”
“I know,” Prince Kleopas said, though he held Logan’s gaze.
Logan read dark promises in Prince Kleopas’s gray gaze, knowing nothing good would come to him if he failed his mission.  These parents deeply loved Prince Leon.
“I promise to fulfill my duties to the best of my ability,” Logan said then.
“I’ll take your promise and hold you to it,” Prince Kleopas said.  “His trip starts in the early morning.  You should get started, Lieutenant Mason.”
Logan nodded and stepped back, heart pounding in his chest in anticipation.  If he made it through this assignment, it would open up so many opportunities for him.  He could almost see himself working in the palace, close to the Queen.  His career would reach its height.  His dream fulfilled and more.
Logan waited with Stevens until the couple boarded their jet.  He let out a soft breath when the jet was airborne and in the distance.
“Are you ready?” Stevens asked him with a grin, as they headed out to their cars.
“Yes,” Logan said.  “I’m lucky I met David Corentin last year.  David is Prince Leon’s best friend.  He introduced me to Prince Leon weeks ago when the six-month trip was authorized.  Otherwise, it would have been hard to be on this trip without meeting Prince Leon and his friends first.”
“I’m glad,” Stevens said.  “Prince Leon does not misbehave, but something tells me this trip is not what it seems.  The itinerary looks perfect, but he is holding out on information.  You’ll discover the truth soon.  I hope you come to an understanding with His Highness.”
Logan frowned at this piece of advice, but he held on to it.  He trusted Stevens’s insight.  They stopped by Logan’s rented car, and Logan unlocked it eager to get home for a quick shower.  He needed to pack and rest, preparing his mental space.
Stevens held out a black phone to Logan.
“Use this phone in case you need quick assistance.  You will reach me, or Commander Steele on speed dial one,” Stevens said.  “If Commander Steele has sensitive information for Prince Leon, he’ll call this phone.  It happens at times when Leon’s grandmother wishes to talk to His Highness.  Don’t lose it.”
Logan nodded, taking the phone and the accompanying envelope.
“The envelope has your travel documents, authority letters, and extra cash to get you by.  The phone also has information on how to access emergency cash, as needed.”
“Thank you, Sir,” Logan said.
“Get through this assignment, Logan.  You’ll have a shot at more when you get back,” Stevens promised.  “You do a good job with Prince Leon’s detail, and we can move it up to the next level.”
Logan smiled, excited by the prospect.
“I look forward to it, Sir.”
Stevens patted Logan’s shoulder and walked away after a short goodbye.
Logan watched Stevens for a minute before he slid into the driver’s side of his rented Sedan and placed the phone and envelope in his duffel bag on the passenger seat.  He could not wait to get the six months over and done with.
***
Logan showed up at Leon’s house in Carfax at five the next morning.  Thanking the taxi driver, he took his heavy duffel bag from the back, and stopped when he saw two huge green Landrovers parked at the curb in front of Leon’s house.
A blond haired man came running out of the house, carrying two bags.  Leon followed him at a slower place.  Logan recognized the prince even with the huge black hoody covering his head.  Leon had his camera resting on his chest, and a huge travel mug in his right hand.
“Open your eyes, Leon.  At this rate, we’re going to need to infuse coffee into your veins to wake you up, man.”
“You’re quite the nag in the morning, David.”  Leon grumbled going to the front passenger side of the first Landrover.  “Whose idea was it to start out this early?”
“Yours,” David said, pleasure in his voice, as he placed the bags he carried in the trunk of the first Landrover.  “Don’t sit at the front, Leon.  I’m driving first.  You get to sit in the backseat.”
Leon opened the back passenger door.  He sat on the floor of the Landrover, keeping the door open.  He wrapped his arms around himself, hugging the camera.  Logan hid a smile and moved around to the back where David was arranging the luggage.
“Morning, David,” Logan greeted, making David pause to look at him.
“You made it,” David said, flashing him a happy grin.  “I thought you would stay over last night.  What happened?”
Logan had needed to pack his civilian clothes and do personal shopping for the trip.  The next six months were going to be in the company of six over-privileged young adults.  He had also needed the hours alone to prepare his mindset.
“Last minute packing to take care of,” Logan said, helping David arrange the bags in the trunk.
“I understand,” David said, stepping back to assess the luggage filling the trunk.  “I’m the list maker of this group.  We’re all packed and I’m still worried we’ve left out some things.”
“Which is why they have supermarkets in every town these days to help with the forgetful,” Leon said from the front.  “Stop worrying, David.”
“Says the man whose travel documents are sitting on the kitchen counter,” David said, urging Logan to step back so he could close the trunk.
“I’ll get the documents,” Logan said, patting David’s shoulder.  It looked as though it was going to be him and David looking out for everyone in the group.   “Is everyone else ready?”
“Almost,” David said.  “Go in, seeing you will get them out.”
Logan smiled and jogged up to the front door.  He entered the house Leon rented with his five friends for the last two years.  Yellow light filled the kitchen, bright and cheery, the scent of fresh coffee heavy in the air.  The blender came on. Logan paused when he saw the tall dark haired man standing in the kitchen corner holding a blender bottle.
Anselm Leandro, Logan thought, the son of a Spanish Don. 
Anselm was set to take over his father’s businesses after this trip.  Anselm and Leon had been friends since Harvard, six years.
“Logan Mason,” Anselm greeted him with an easy grin.  “You went missing last night.  You missed a great going-away party.  I would have saved you beers but Petr got them all.”
“I missed a good time,” Logan agreed.
Logan saw a brown envelope with the Aeras Royal Seal near the microwave.  He picked up the envelope and checked the documents inside.  He found Leon’s passport, and other identification documents.
I’ll take over care of these, Logan thought.
“Check the microwave,” Anselm said.  “There are egg sandwiches in there.  Petr was cooking.”
Logan opened the microwave and found a plate of egg sandwiches.
“I don’t know who told Petr everything will stay warm in a microwave,” Anselm said, turning off the blender.
Anselm poured the green shake into his blender bottle and took a quick sip.  Closing the lid, he dumped the blender jug in the sink and headed out.
Logan searched the cabinets around him looking for brown bags.  When he could not find any, he grabbed a plastic container with a cover from the cabinet above the microwave.  He spent the next few minutes packing the egg sandwiches into the container.
The infamous chef, Petr Mikhailov, came downstairs hauling a suitcase and a duffel bag.  Logan grinned when Petr stopped to high-five him.
“There is fresh passion juice in the fridge too,” Petr said.  “It’s good to see you, Logan.”
“Thanks for the egg sandwiches,” Logan said, as Petr left to join Anselm, David and Leon outside.
Logan finished packing the sandwiches and went to the fridge.  He found the jug of juice, and poured a glass for now.  He found three travel bottles, one with Leon’s name on the cover.  He was busy pouring juice into the bottles when the last two in the party came downstairs with their luggage.
Paul O’Hara, an Irish man who owned a horse ranch and farm in Ireland, and Riku Touma, the son of a Japanese diplomat based in Bangkok, Thailand.
“Logan.”  Riku dumped his luggage and raced to Logan.  Logan chuckled when Riku hugged him.  “Why did you ditch our party last night?”
“I didn’t do it on purpose,” Logan said, after Riku let go of him.  He capped Leon’s juice bottle and then the other two bottles.  “I needed to pack up too, you know.”
“I guess,” Riku said and opened the fridge.
Riku pulled out a bottle of protein shake and a sealed plastic container filled with chicken stir-fry.  Stashing them into a lunch box, he picked up his suitcase and narrowed his gaze at Paul.
“Aren’t you going to get something to eat?” Riku asked Paul.
“We can stop over at a coffee place.”
“There is fresh coffee right here.  I’ll make you a cup,” Riku said, placing his lunch box on the kitchen counter.  He got a large travel mug and went to the coffee maker.  “You’d better grab the bag of cornflakes in the cabinet above you.”
Paul grumbled but he did as told.  He looked to be in the same category as Leon when it came to mornings.  Taking the cereal, Paul nodded at Logan and headed out without saying more.
Logan downed the juice in the glass and took it to the sink.
“Don’t bother with clean up,” Riku said, closing Paul’s travel mug.  “Our people are coming to clean and pack up today.  We’re all moving out at the same time.  They’ll get it done.”
Logan nodded and took an eco-bag from a hook by the sink.  He placed the three bottles of juice in the bag, and the container with the sandwiches.  He picked up the envelope with Leon’s documents and started around the kitchen counter to the open space near the door.
“I’m gonna miss this place,” Riku said, coming up behind him.  “We had some good times here.”
“I know what you mean.  Me too,” Leon said, making Logan turn to the door.
Leon stood there looking more awake than he had earlier.
Riku took his lunchbox from the counter.
“Well, time flows forward,” Riku said.  “Let’s get on the road guys.”
Leon moved to the side to let Riku pass.
Logan watched Leon walk in, and head to the sitting area to his right.  Leon stopped by a small table by the windows to take his camera bag and a tripod.  Logan decided that Leon was not as careless as he seemed.  He had probably left the camera bag on purpose, an excuse to return to the house when everyone was out.
“Did my parents leave okay?” Leon asked, walking back to where Logan stood.
They faced each other.
Leon was striking to look at, dark hair, gray eyes and a face worthy of a stamp.
Logan could not help noticing.  He doubted anyone who met Leon would ignore him.  His heart gave a short stutter making Logan frown slightly.
“Yes, your parents left okay,” Logan said, answering Leon’s question.
He met a steady gray gaze that reminded him of Prince Kleopas.
“Did they tell you to report at every stop?” Leon asked, studying him.
There was defiance in Leon’s eyes, and a clear challenge.
“Your parents only asked me to watch out for you,” Logan said.
Leon studied him another second, then walked around him to the kitchen counter.  He took two apples from the basket of fruit, and put them in his camera bag.  He took two more, and smiled at Logan.
“Logan, let’s agree.  I won’t cause trouble if you don’t report in to my parents on any changes during this trip,” Leon said.  “I want us to be friends.  Can we do that?”
“Yes.  I’d like that very much,” Logan said, thinking this was a very good start.
Leon held out his hand to Logan and they shook on it.
“Don’t forget to go with the flow, Logan Mason.”
Leon then headed to the door.
Logan followed Leon out the door, careful to close it, and then headed down to the first Landrover.  David was already in the driver’s seat.  Leon climbed into the backseat, so Logan took the front passenger seat.  The others piled in the second Landrover, with Petr behind the wheel.
Logan settled in, making sure Leon had his seatbelt on before he wore his.  David started the car, and honked once when Petr pulled out first.  David followed Petr, and Logan’s brow rose when Leon held out two apples, one for him and David.
David grinned at Leon and took his apple with a nod.
Logan took his, deciding it was a peace offering.
Logan heard the distinctive click of a camera in the backseat and looked in the rearview mirror to see Leon taking photos of the house behind them.
“That’s over,” Leon said, his voice heavy with nostalgia.
“I’ll miss us here,” David said, his tone mirroring Leon’s wistfulness.
Logan ate his apple in silence.  He had seen too many ends in his own life to belittle theirs.  Ends were not easy.  They ripped at the heart, sometimes hard, other times in the best of ways.  He liked beginnings more: they had so much potential.
Logan wondered if Leon was taking this trip as a beginning or an ending.
They drove in silence for a while until Logan realized they were not heading to the airport.
“Where—?” Logan started to ask.
“Go with the flow,” Leon reminded him from the backseat.
As David joined the highway in the wrong direction, Logan realized that the carefully planned itinerary Leon submitted to his parents was false.  It was a perfect lie to get what Leon most wanted: six months away from the Kingdom of Aeras to play with his friends.
Stevens’s words of advice about reaching an agreement with Leon filled his head.
Logan understood then that Leon must have told Frank Stevens of the change in search of support because Leon did not trust Logan.
The thought of that distrust stung.
***

2
Leon loved horses.
They were handsome, loyal and excellent judges of characters.  Horses were the best companion to have.  He always knew his limits with a horse, but with humans, not so much.
At twenty-two, he had spent most of his life in a whirlwind of study and business assessments: his father set for him tough, rigorous and trying programs and expected him to excel.  When his father thought him ready, he sent Leon to Harvard at the age of seventeen, away from the safety of home for four years.
The years as an undergraduate in a foreign country taught him a lot about people.  Leon learned when to trust, when to suspect, when to walk away.  He worked hard at Harvard, enough to graduate on top and earn express admission into the Oxford Business School.
Oxford was where he met the five housemates he now viewed as brothers.  Being an only child, he had never known what it was like to have siblings, until he moved into the house in Carfax with the five.
Now, sitting on a gorgeous black stallion, riding across the lush green plains of Paul O’Hara’s lands in Ireland, Leon felt free.
Paul’s family home was beautiful, his horses enough to make Leon envious.  Most of all, Leon loved the wild sense of spirit in this place.  That spirit seeped into his soul.  The expansive lands flowed to the sea.  Leon took in a deep breath of the clean morning fresh air and imagined the magic flooding him to the bones.
Ireland was the first stop on their six-month tour.  They would spend two weeks with Paul’s family before they headed to the next stop.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?”
Logan Mason interrupted the solitude, making Leon clutch his reins tight as he turned to look at his royal guard.
Logan was unhappy with him for lying about his itinerary.  They had been here three days, and Logan had yet to look at him without scowling.
“You didn’t need to follow me out here,” Leon said, irritated by the interruption.
“I wanted a ride too,” Logan said.  “I thought we could keep each other company.”
“I want to be alone,” Leon said.
“You are,” Logan said, moving his horse away, the long dark coat he wore falling around him to drape over the white horse he rode.
Logan’s form was elegant and strong; one could almost believe he rode horses for a living.
“Imagine yourself alone, Leon,” Logan shot at him with that familiar scowl, before he rode away to put distance between them.
Leon shook his head at that comment, and urged his horse forward, determined to find a way down to the beach.  When he did find the beach, he allowed the stallion into a fast run, and couldn’t help grinning at the feel of the wind beating on his face.
Logan stayed with him though he kept his distance, enough to make Leon almost forget he was there.
Almost.
When they got back to the stables an hour later, Leon dismounted and helped the groom take care of his horse.  He was busy talking about horse grain with the friendly groom when Logan came to find him.
“Paul’s mom called.  Breakfast is ready,” Logan said, remaining by the door. 
Leon rubbed the stallion’s neck as the horse ate his oats, and glanced at Logan.
Logan was scowling again.  He didn’t do that with David, or the others, only when it was just the two of them.
As though to mock Leon’s observations, Logan’s scowl deepened and he stood with his arms crossed against his chest. 
“Are you angry with me?” Leon asked, turning to the black stallion, running his fingers through the horse’s mane.
“You lied,” Logan said, without prompting.  “You’ve made us both liars to your parents and my superiors.”
Leon smiled.
“Am I not allowed to make decisions in my life?” Leon asked.  “The itinerary I sent in was the perfect escape, no murky places and filled with elite destinations.  It was boring and you know it.  I changed my mind and made another.”
“The first itinerary was safe,” Logan said, dropping his arms to his sides, his scowl turning into a frown.  Leon wished the scowl would return. “We’re flying blind right now.”
“This is safe too,” Leon said, looking around the busy stable.  “There is no one to harm me here, except an over-excited horse.  It’s an acceptable risk percentage for any other person, why not me?”
Logan blinked and then looked away from him.
“You should have at least told me.”  Logan grumbled.  “Asking Stevens to keep it from me was not nice either.”
“Are you certain you wouldn’t have reported it to my parents?  Or asked questions around the wrong people in your team?” Leon asked.
Logan glanced at him for a moment, then shook his head and kicked the ground with his riding boots.
“I’m not that stupid.”
Leon smiled, murmured his goodbyes to the handsome dark stallion, and stepped up to Logan.
“You would have made a report to my parents out of duty,” Leon said.  “There is nothing wrong with that.  Even now, I’m quite sure you’ll give that report, but they can’t stop me now.  I’m already away from home.  We just have to see this through for six months.”
“You’re making my job difficult,” Logan said.
“I’m living my life,” Leon said.  “If you go along, there should be no trouble for any of us, Logan Mason.  So, stop scowling every time you look at me.”
Logan sighed, and then the sigh turned into a chuckle, the sound of it low and amused.
Leon found he quite liked Logan’s chuckle.
“Breakfast is ready.”  Logan reminded him.
“Let’s go then,” Leon walked around Logan, heading out of the stables.  “I’ll need to take a shower before I eat.  You should join them at the table first, Logan.”
Leon hurried away, glad that Logan did not follow him up to his room.  He stripped fast and entered the shower, taking a hot one.  When he was done, he dressed in an old shirt and dark jeans.  He wore black work boots and hurried downstairs to join everyone for breakfast.
Paul’s mom grabbed his arm when he entered the large kitchen with the huge table.  She took him to a chair between David and her husband.  Leon sat down, accepting a mug of coffee from her.
“That should warm your bones up,” she said.  “The cold sinks into you when riding by the sea.”
Leon thanked her and glanced around the full table to find Logan sitting between Paul and one of the stable hands.  Logan was laughing as he ate his bacon, and Paul told him about playing in the stables when he was young.
“Are you two talking now?” David asked Leon, passing him a bowl of sausages.
Leon placed two on his plate and passed the bowl to Paul’s Dad.
“Sort of,” Leon said, as he filled his plate with the bowls that passed his way.  Soon he was digging into scrambled eggs, sausages, beans and hash browns.  “We’ll have to see how it goes when he reports in to his people.”
David sighed, studying Logan.
“Well, what’s the worst that could happen?”
“A serious pickup complete with my grandmother’s elite guard,” Leon said, chewing on eggs.
“I’d like to avoid seeing that,” David said with a shudder.  “Shit, we need to be nicer to Logan.”
Leon grinned and turned to Paul’s Dad when he asked him if he would like to see how they milked cows.  Leon decided then not to worry about Logan and any report Logan might send in to his parents.  Instead, throwing himself into a hearty breakfast and listening to Paul’s Dad discuss the cycles of cow grazing.
***
Midday found them in a mud pit at the neighbors.  One of the neighbor’s mares had entered a mud hole.  It was taking every able man to help pull the frightened mare out.  Leon was hip deep in the mud hole, working to calm the frightened horse, even as he made sure the rope wrapped around the horse was secure.
“You look like a mud ball,” Petr teased Leon, standing on the edge of the mud hole, his hands at his hips.  He was relatively clean, as he had only been pulling at the rope.
Leon swiped mud away from his cheeks and walked to the edge.  He gripped the back of Petr’s left leg and pulled him into the mud pit too.
Logan gripped the rope tied to the mare’s middle, and bit back a laugh when Petr fell on Leon and they both sunk into the mud.  When they got their footing back, both of them looked like mud balls, resulting in a round of healthy laughter and more teasing.
When the mare struggled, the ribbing ended, Petr and Leon worked together to calm the horse and help push her up and out of the mud.  The process took about two hours, and when the mare was free, the veterinarian took over the job of checking the horse’s health.
Once the veterinary declared the horse without serious injury, Leon’s friends joined him in the mud, and Logan watched in amusement as Leon laughed, looking happy, despite the mud that was surely in his ears, nostrils and mouth.  He looked like one of the guys.
Logan could understand a small part of what Leon wanted during this trip.  He decided then to keep his silence on the change of itinerary.  He would report on Leon’s wellbeing, and not mention anything until it was necessary.
***
Their time in Ireland moved too fast.
The two weeks at the O’Hara Farm ended with a graduation party prepared by Paul’s parents.  They invited neighbors and family friends.  A huge bonfire burned at the beach, and there was beer drinking and dancing until the wee hours of the night.
Logan got to dance with Leon for a minute and was charmed when he realized that Leon was drank, and finding every kick of the sand amusing.
“You need a bed,” Logan teased, when Leon could not walk straight.
“Who needs a bed when you have the stars and the sand?” Leon asked.
Leon lowered himself on a blanket laid out on the beach away from the fire.  He lay back and braced himself up on his elbows.
“Are you ready to come out from behind that wall, Lt. Mason?  You’re holding yourself so tight around us.  You should have fun.  Kiss a beautiful Irish girl and drink in the night and stars.”
“I’d rather kiss a handsome Irish boy,” Logan said, sitting on the blanket beside Leon.
“Really,” Leon glanced at him with wide eyes.  “I’d never have guessed it.”
Logan smiled and pressed on Leon’s shoulder, his smile widening as Leon collapsed back on the blanket.
“Go to sleep handsome Aeras Prince,” Logan teased.
“I wouldn’t object if you wanted to kiss me,” Leon said, resting his head on his arms.  “I like kissing handsome boys too…”
Logan watched Leon drift into sleep and folded his arms over his knees.  He beat down the hope that bloomed like a wild fire spark inside him.  He reminded his speeding heart that kissing a prince would only lead to trouble in the future.
***
The next morning found them back on the road again, bags packed, their two Landrovers filled with supplies collected in the last week.  Logan sat in the backseat with David in the first Landrover, with Riku taking up the front passenger seat.  Leon was driving.
Petr, Paul and Anselm rode in the second Landrover.
“Where to?” Logan asked, when Leon finished calibrating their navigation map.
“Germany,” Riku said, from the front seat, practically vibrating with excitement.  “I want to hike the Geierlay Suspension Bridge.”
“Anyone you know there?” Logan asked, crossing out the nice Norwegian resort written in his itinerary, and putting in Germany.  “Are we really driving this?”
“Yep,” David grinned.  “We have to do it.  I heard it takes almost seventeen hours, plus there is taking the channel tunnel train to Frethun.  We have to try it.”
Logan shook his head in disbelief.  He met Leon’s gaze in the rearview mirror, his eyes widening when Leon lifted a brow at him.
“What?” Logan asked.
“Wanna call it quits already?” Leon asked, heading to Dublin so they could take the ferry back to the UK.  “We can drop you off at the Royal Navy base.  You can fly back to Aeras—”
“I’m not quitting,” Logan cut him off.
Leon smirked and relaxed in his seat.
“Then enjoy the ride, Logan,” Leon said, ending the topic.
It took them eighteen hours to get to Sosberg, Germany.
Delays on the road, a wrong turn in Belgium and a misdirection when they finally entered Germany added on their time.  Logan was not surprised when Petr managed to get them a house to stay in Sosberg.
A house that he said one of his uncles owned in what looked like the rural parts.  Logan didn’t push for more information because Petr did not want to offer it.  Logan noted that no one else pushed or questioned the availability of the house.  Logan was starting to understand that it was the nature of these six men.
The white two-story house had six bedrooms.  It was the perfect place to camp for the month of August.  Leon and David bunked together, allowing Logan to get his own room.  After a long shower and a few hours of sleep on an actual bed, Logan left his bedroom, and stopped to check on Leon.  He opened the door slowly and paused when he saw Leon sleeping in his bed.  Closing the door, he headed downstairs to find David and Anselm in the living room playing videogames.
“Where is everyone?” Logan asked.
“Leon is asleep.  Petr and Riku have gone out on a date.  Paul went on a grocery shopping run,” David said.  “Wanna join?” 
“I should—”
Logan started to say he should go keep Leon company, but Anselm interrupted him.
“Leon will be out for a few more hours,” Anselm said.  “Speaking of which, this is a new stop, Logan.  I hope we can get you to break out of the shell.  I heard you’re an elite sharpshooter.  Play with us.  We’re getting our asses kicked by some local team here.”
Logan moved to sit next to David on the couch.  He joined the game and they were well into winning two rounds when Paul returned with groceries.  Hunger took over and they decided on making pizza for lunch.
They baked four large pizzas in the oven.
Petr and Riku returned in the middle of the baking with Riku smiling in wild happiness.
Leon woke up just as Logan was removing the last pizza from the oven.
“My stomach brought me downstairs,” Leon joked, taking in the scent of fresh baked pizza.  “Petr, did you make these?  You’re getting good, buddy.”
“I didn’t make them.”  Petr shook his head, wrapping an arm around Riku’s shoulders.  “Logan made the dough, rolled it out and Anselm did the rest.”
“Logan,” Leon smiled at him, clearly impressed, making a second stutter shake Logan’s heart.  Logan looked away from Leon, and concentrated on cutting the pizza into slices.  “You surprise me.  You cook?”
“Hard not to when you live alone,” Logan said.
“I guess we’ll keep learning new things about you through this trip,” Leon said, coming to sit next to David at the kitchen table.
Logan fought a scowl as Leon leaned into David, and got his hair caressed in return.  Now that he knew Leon liked kissing boys, this affection between David and Leon was starting to annoy him.
What kind of relationship did they have?  Was it deeper than friendship?
Logan turned to the sink and turned on the water, annoyed by the wave of jealousy that filled him.  Taking in a deep breath, he washed the knife and then his hands.  When he was done and turned around, it was to find Leon watching him with a speculative gaze.
***
Germany was a period of rest and recuperation.
Leon took tons of photos of the surrounding villages.
Logan made it through the various recipe experiments in the kitchen by Petr.  He survived Anselm’s attempts to discover the mechanics of the suspension bridge when they went on the hike.  Steady and sure, he made friends with Leon’s five.
One afternoon, Leon urged Logan into a two-day trip to visit the Blue Waters of Eibsee.  Everyone else was busy exploring personal interests, so Logan agreed.  He drove with Leon acting as the navigator.
Leon took more photos during their trip.
Logan could see that photography was a serious hobby for Leon.  Most important, it was something Leon loved and he respected that.
They got to the lake late and checked into the Eibsee Hotel for the night.  In the morning, right before sunrise, Leon dragged Logan to the lake and Logan finally understood Leon’s excitement. 
The lake waters were blue, surrounded by an impressive mountain view that left Logan breathless.
Leon spent a few minutes taking photographs of the sunrise at Eibsee Lake.  When he was done, he stood next to Logan and took in a deep breath letting it out in increments.
“It’s so beautiful it’s unreal,” Leon said.  “I would hate to live here.”
“Why?”
“Because I’d become numb to the sight of this and slowly forget how amazing this place looks.”
Logan took in the lake, the blue water and the mountain reflecting on the surface.  He could see Leon’s logic.
“You’re right.  It would be a sin to turn numb to this,” Logan agreed.
Leon turned to look at him, a small smile playing on his lips, before he turned to stare at the lake. 
They stayed at Eibsee Lake for hours, hiking through the nature paths around the lake.  When they got tired, they went back to the hotel to eat.
Logan found himself relaxing in Leon’s company.
That evening, after dinner, they settled on lounge chairs in a private patio staring at the view of the lake beyond.  They talked—more than Logan had expected—about the lake, about food, and their experience crossing the channel to France.  The wrong turns, the right ones, and the sights they saw on their drive to Sosberg.
“Why did you guys really decide to take this trip?” Logan asked at some point.
“Because,” Leon said, adjusting the pillow under his head.  “Why not take the trip?”
“Leon, you lied to your parents for this.”
“My dad is strict about my safety because my mom worries.  If he was to hear about me driving around like this,” Leon shuddered and shook his head.  “It would not be pretty.  Yet, I’m so happy to be out here, I’m afraid it will end too soon.”
“Is it the same for the others?” Logan asked.
Leon closed his eyes and shook his head.
“No, they have more freedom.  Their parents encourage wild trips across countries,” Leon said with a sigh.  “Riku’s dad told him it would open his eyes.  Petr’s dad wants him to gain not less than twenty business contacts.  He has it rough.”
Logan chuckled marveling at the very different type of parental concern.
His mother was happy he called her when he was away and visited to tell her his adventures when he was home.  She bought him new t-shirts, socks and shirts when she thought his were too old.  On the days he finished a tour and went home, she took him grocery shopping.  He could not imagine ever being afraid of her.
Gabriella Mason was a great mom.
“What are you thinking about?” Leon asked, shifting in his lounge chair to look at him.
“Mm…we’re almost a month into this trip,” Logan said.  “You have plenty of time, Leon.  Whatever it is you want to do, do it without worry.  I’ll protect you as long as I can.”
“You won’t write a damning report to my parents?”
“No.” Logan promised, smiling when he saw Leon’s gaze widen.  “I should have when I discovered we were driving to Ireland, but—”
“But?” Leon asked.
Logan looked away from Leon, focusing on the lake instead.
“I like teasing you,” Logan said.
Leon chuckled but didn’t say more.
Logan glanced at him and frowned when he found Leon facing him, eyes closed, about to fall asleep.
“It’s cold out here.  We should go in,” Logan said.
“I like it out here.”  Leon toed off his sneakers and settled on the lounge chair.  “Let’s stay for a while.”
Not wanting to ruin a great evening, Logan sat watching Leon sleep.  When the breeze picked up, he reached for a blanket folded on the table.  Shaking it out, he covered Leon with the soft blanket.
Logan stood watching Leon for a while before he settled on his own lounge chair.  Once again, he reminded his longing heart that Leon could never be his, not ever.
***

3
Leon stared at a picture of Logan leaning on a tree at Eibsee Lake.  The lighting was phenomenal, casting Logan’s face in a perfect profile.  Dark hair cut in a neat military style, those gorgeous blue eyes staring in the distance.  Logan was tall at six-foot-two, Leon often found himself looking up when they stood side by side.  Logan wore a simple t-shirt and jeans in the picture, his feet in military-grade black boots.
Leon sat back in his chair breathing out slowly and then chuckled.
There was no fighting it anymore.
He wanted Logan and all his aloof charm.  He wanted to kiss and hold Logan.
Leon sighed and shook his head.  He was not sure Logan wanted him.
“Your new hobby is extremely interesting,” Riku said, strolling into the lounge and dropping into a comfortable couch by the window.  “If you want him, tell him.”
“He’s not like us,” David said, bringing Leon a bottle of apple juice.
Leon thanked him with a nod and uncapped the bottle.  He moved the pictures to his cloud storage, making a reminder to send a few to Logan.
“What do you mean he’s not like us?” Leon asked.
“Grabbing what he wants without thinking about the consequences,” Riku supplied, annoyance coloring his words.  “Logan thinks things through.”
“Talking about yourself?” David asked Riku.  “Are you and Petr in trouble?”
“His girlfriend is meeting us here for three days,” Riku said, closing his eyes and leaning his head back.  “His heart and body belong to me, but his loyalty is to his family money.  His money is currently tied to that stupid girl.”
“You don’t mean that,” Leon said, looking at Riku, knowing it hurt him to talk about Petr that way.
“I do mean it.  He’s done this to me too many times for me not to get angry now,” Riku said, not opening his eyes.  “I wish I could turn it off, this need for Petr.  I want to turn it off, but I can’t.  Regrets are the worst.”
“We should go out tonight.  We’re in Prague!  Being depressed is the last thing you should do in this city,” David said.
“You clearly do not remember your history then,” Riku said.  “Depressing things have happened in this city.”
“Well, no depressing things will happen in this city during this trip,” David said, getting up.  “Leon, find someone to distract you from Logan.  Petr’s friend looked interesting.  As for you, Riku—”
“Riku,” Leon said, smiling at his best friend when Riku opened his eyes and looked at him.  “Let’s go clubbing.”
“Sounds good,” Riku said, getting up.  He stretched his arms above his head.  “Find a club, let’s go hang.  Don’t invite Petr.”
Riku left the lounge and Leon turned to David.
“Tell Petr to stay away tonight,” Leon said.  “If I tell him, we’ll just fight.”
David nodded and got up.
“Are you really not going to try it with Logan?” David asked.  “Taking secret pictures of him screams of unrequited love.  That’s not your thing, Leon.”
“I can’t make the first move,” Leon said.
His past boyfriends had always known what they were getting with him.  He had no issue seducing them, getting what he wanted and leaving.
With Logan, his attraction felt different.  He didn’t want to take and leave.  It felt like he had to wait for Logan to notice him too.  He was not used to waiting for anything, but he knew that he would need to wait for Logan.
“I have to be his choice,” Leon murmured.
“Your complicated thinking is exhausting,” David said.  “I’m going to call Paul and we’ll find Petr’s contact.  Don’t leave Riku alone.  You know how he gets when Petr’s so called girlfriend is around.”
Leon nodded, closed his laptop and got up.  They were in Prague until the end of September.  One week and it seemed as though this city was going to be the hardest.
“I sometimes wish Riku would like you,” David said.  “You’d never treat him that way.”
Leon swept fingers through his hair.
He wished it too but he and Riku could only be friends.  Riku’s heart was set on Petr.
***

The Capital Palace
Kingdom of Aeras
Tucked on the Ionian Coast, closest to Greece, stands a strong and stable Kingdom named Aeras.  A monarch acts as the representative of the Kingdom of Aeras, upholding strong values of democratic government with the help of parliament.  Still, the people regard the monarch with a positive light and take pride in her presence and the longstanding traditions she represents.
Queen Amethea Maximillian has ruled Aeras for four decades, receiving great love from her people.
On her sixtieth birthday at the start of the year, she announced her intention to name a successor to her throne.  Unknown to her, her intentions thrust her family life into chaos she had not anticipated.
Queen Amethea had two sons from her happy marriage to King Nicholas Maximillian.  
Her first-born, named Isaak Naos and the second born, Kleopas Michael.
Isaak was ambitious, excessive and mean-spirited.  His life decisions led to hard mistakes: some Queen Amethea knew and others Isaak grew quite adept at hiding.  Isaak married two women in his life.  The first one was a commoner named Doris.  She died too soon after she gave birth to a son named Constantin.  The palace coroner said her death was a result of complications after childbirth.
Two years after Dora’s death, Isaak then married a noble woman, the daughter of a Baron, Lady Erika.  Princess Erika gave birth to a beautiful daughter and named her Gia.
Isaak’s family lived in the palace with the queen.
Most in the kingdom thought Amethea would name Isaak the Crown Prince, as he was first born.
They were not wrong.
Isaak, despite his many faults, was the Kingdom of Aeras’s Heir.  He was destined to be king.
Kleopas, Amethea’s second son, was the opposite of Isaak.  He was good and gentle.  As a second son, he moved out of the palace at the age of eighteen and into the impressive Castle Arguro, a residence set aside by Amethea for her second son.  
When Kleopas fell in love, he brought his beloved bride, Anastasia, to Castle Arguro and started a lovely family.  Kleopas focused his efforts on businesses and running charities.  He kept a low profile, never once making political maneuvers to reach above his older brother.  He had no ambition to be king and focused on supporting his family as best as he could.
Queen Amethea knew it was wrong but Kleopas remained her favorite son.
When Kleopas got a son and named him Leon Nicholas, after Queen Amethea’s husband, he too became her favorite grandson.
At age sixty, Amethea was beyond nervousness, anxiety and hesitations.  She faced every obstacle she met as a bulldozer meets rough terrain.  Nothing surprised her until seven months after her announcement to invest a Crown Prince.
On a sunny September afternoon, she sat in her study reading confidential government documents sent to her by parliament, when her secretary walked in.
Olivier Swan had been her secretary for the better part of three decades.  He was skilled and hard working.  He kept her office working through thousands of emergencies.  She had never seen him hesitate to speak until that afternoon.
“What’s the matter?”
“Your Majesty,” Olivier started then stopped.
“Spit it out, Olivier.”
“There’s no gentler way to tell you this,” Olivier said, making her look up from her paperwork.
“What in the world is wrong?”
Olivier winced and stepped closer to her desk.  He kept his voice low as though it would make it easier for her to absorb the news.
“There is bad news about His Royal Highness, Prince Isaak, ma’am.  Commander Steele of the Royal Navy SPOC is here to see you.  He insists on speaking to you directly about a witness who requires protection.”
Amethea pushed the documents on her desk aside and stood.
“What could this be about?”
“The Commander won’t tell me more, ma’am.  He insists on meeting you in person.”
Amethea stared at Olivier, scenarios blooming in her head about her eldest son.  She was quite sure Commander Steele would not seek her out without reason.  He was the highest-ranking officer in the palace’s military office.  She trusted him with the safety of her family members, wherever they maybe.  She could not delay him if he wanted to see her.
“Let him in,” Amethea said, taking in a deep breath.
She moved around her desk and went to sit on the armchair at the small sitting area near her desk.
Olivier hurried away and she took the precious minutes before Commander Steele entered the room to compose herself.  When he walked in, Commander Steele saluted before he took the seat opposite her.
“Commander Steele,” she greeted.  “How have you been?”
“Well, Your Majesty,” the Commander said.
“Your daughter,” Amethea searched her memory banks.  “Shirley.”
“She is doing well, rising up the ranks as she should.”
“Oh yes,” Amethea remembered now that his daughter had also chosen to join the Royal Navy.  She had to be twenty-two or twenty-three, not much older than Leon.
Pleasantries over, Amethea folded her hands on her lap and asked, “What brings you to see me, Commander Steele?”
Commander Mathew Steele stood and handed her a black folder.  She took it with a small frown, and as he settled in his seat, she opened the folder to find pictures of a bloody blue dress stained with mud.  The dress looked aged.  Amethea frowned when she saw the royal insignia on a towel beside the bloody blue dress.  Closer study assured her that the crest on the towel belonged to Isaak’s household.
“What are these?” Amethea asked.
“Evidence turned in by Lady Doris’s maid,” Commander Steele said.  “We’ve ran those clothes through every test possible.  The conclusion is solid.  Lady Doris died of poisoning, Your Majesty, and not childbirth, as reported.  She died from poison that her maid insists was given to her by her husband, His Royal Highness, Prince Isaak.”
“Why did this maid never say anything before?” Amethea asked, shaken.
She dared not refute that Isaak was capable of murder.  She knew him well enough.  She had worried that his level of misdeeds would only increase, but…murder!
“Your announcement to invest the Crown Prince spurred the woman forward, along with three royal guards who have evidence of three more disappearances,” Commander Steele said.
“What type of disappearances?” Amethea asked, as a tight band of unease settled in her stomach.
“Individuals with high profiles who disappeared after altercations with His Royal Highness, Ma’am,” Commander Steele said.  He pulled out a document with three names.  “You are familiar with these names.  Their cases have been on the media a few years.”
Amethea read the paper and closed her eyes.  The names belonged to a reporter, a doctor and a volunteer working at a children’s home Dora had supported, each name a missing person’s case that had caused an uproar in the capital.
“What kind of evidence do the royal guards have?” she asked.
“The guards provided locations to their missing bodies.  There is a strong connection to His Royal Highness, Prince Isaak, but the evidence is too old,” Commander Steele said.  “I have a discrete team working on these cases.”
“Who else knows?”
“Two ministers in the Royal Diet,” Commander Steele said.  “They are worried enough to ask me to approach you.  Prince Isaak is next in line.  Having someone capable of murder in your seat—”
Amethea sat back in her seat and met the Commander’s gaze when he broke off.
“There’s more, isn’t there?” Amethea asked, already knowing the answer.
Commander Steele held his silence, but his gaze was enough to feed her suspicion.
She placed the folder of photos on the stool next to her.  She thought of her eldest son and the trouble he was bound to start in light of this news and let out a soft sigh.
She could not fight Isaak alone.
“Push these cases through official legal channels,” Amethea decided, hoping the publicity would curb Isaak’s need for blood.  It would also give her a way forward on succession.  The public’s sentiment would have to guide her decision.
“It won’t be easy work, Commander.  Isaak has too much access.  You will need to draw out all who tried to help my son hide the murders.  Can you handle it?” Amethea asked.
“I can,” Commander Steele said.
“Then,” Amethea said with a sad sigh.  “I look forward to your results.”
When Commander Steele left, Amethea called Olivier into her office.
“Where are Prince Kleo and his wife?” she asked.
“They are in Paris on a business trip,” Olivier answered.
“What about Leon?” Amethea asked, smiling at the thought of her youngest grandson.  “I haven’t seen him around since he graduated from Oxford in July.  I haven’t gotten a call from him.”
Olivier winced.
“Young Prince Leon asked his parents to allow him a six-month tour across Europe without escort.”
“Surely they didn’t allow such madness?” Amethea asked, shocked.
Kleopas would not have told her about Leon’s request because she would protest such an idea.  Her grip tightened on the folder from Commander Steele, panic seizing her.
“Is Leon really alone out there?” Amethea asked, afraid for him.
“He is not alone,” Olivier said.  “Prince Kleo made Leon take one of Commander Steele’s lieutenants with him on his travels.”
“Thank goodness,” Amethea sighed with relief.
It was not enough, but she was glad Leon wasn’t alone.  The only comfort was that Commander Steele trained exceptional men.  Looking at the folder she held, she realized she might have to burden Kleopas with the Kingdom of Aeras.
In turn, Kleopas would burden Leon.
None of them would thank her.
“Please ask the officers-in-charge to take extra care of them.  A harsh storm is coming and they are bound to have a hard time,” Amethea said.
“Yes, Ma’am,” Olivier said, and hurried away to fulfill her order.
***
“Lieutenant Mason checking in,” Logan said when his call to Stevens went through.
“You’re not calling from Sweden,” Stevens stated.
“No, we’re in Prague,” Logan answered, walking along Havelska Street.
He navigated around a man and his girlfriend who had two black dogs on a leash.  They were arguing on where to buy fruit.  Logan smiled when the girlfriend ended the conversation by walking into one of the stalls along the street.
“I figured His Highness changed the itinerary,” Stevens said on the other end.  “You haven’t called in much, just sending wellness reports.”
“Seemed easiest,” Logan said.  “Leon is worried we might tell his parents about the change of plan.  He’s not ready to go home.”
“I’m glad you didn’t fight him on it,” Stevens said.  “You’ve earned his trust.”
“To a point,” Logan said, pausing by a stall selling fresh vegetables.
Their kitchen was running low, and Leon’s solution to a kitchen without food was to call take out. 
“Why did you send me an urgent check-in code?” Logan asked.
“Orders from above,” Stevens said.  “Commander Steele wants security tighter around Prince Kleopas’s family.  We’ve been flying blind with you but we need to take a more active role.”
“Understood,” Logan wondered what would have prompted heightened security.  He didn’t ask though.  “Our next stop is Norway.  They’re leaving the cars here with a contact.  I believe it will be a hiking trip this time.”
“I’ll make the necessary calls so that you’re not on your own.  We’ll have all our contacts in Norway on alert.  They’ll keep their distance but I expect more frequent reports from you.”
“Thank you,” Logan said, smiling at the owner of the vegetable stall.
“How are you getting along with His Highness?” Stevens asked.
“We have an understanding,” Logan said, thinking about the nights he and Leon spent at Eibsee Lake.
The hours he spent watching Leon sleep on a lounge chair, wanting nothing more than to hold him.  He had stolen a kiss though, when Leon was deep asleep.
Logan imagined it the only one he would ever have with Leon.  He could not stop thinking of that soft brush of his lips on Leon’s parted ones.  It had felt forbidden and thrilling, and cemented all his reasons to keep an emotional distance.
“Call in more often,” Stevens ordered.  “Even as we try to accommodate His Highness, we need to be prepared in case of trouble.”
“I will call,” Logan promised.
He ended the call and concentrated on choosing fresh lettuce, tomatoes, and planning a grilled steak dinner.
Logan walked back to the house in high spirits, whistling as he opened the front door.  He was in the kitchen when he heard Leon’s raised voice as he came down the stairs.
“How long will you keep doing this to him?  You know how he gets when Genevieve comes.  You know it, and still can’t protect him.  As long as she’s here, you stay away from Riku,” Leon said, as he entered the kitchen followed by Petr.
“Leon,” Petr said in protest.
“There’s nothing more to say,” Leon said, stopping by the fridge where he got a bottle of water.
Leon looked dressed up for a night out in black: jeans, tailored shirt and sexy black boots.  His hair stuck up with the help of product.  It should have looked ridiculous, but the hairstyle worked on Leon.  Anything worked on him.
“Going somewhere?” Logan asked, turning off the water at the sink, the tomatoes half washed.
Leon glanced at him.
“Yeah, out to a club without Petr,” Leon said, returning his gaze to Petr.
“You’re not being fair,” Petr complained.  “Riku—”
“If you can’t take care of his heart send him to me.” Leon stated his tone enough to let Logan know he was serious.  “I’ll take care of him.”
Petr tensed in answer, and grabbed Leon’s shirt collar, shaking him slightly.
Logan started forward only to stop when he noted Leon making a fist with his left hand.  The message was clear.
‘Don’t interfere.’
Logan stopped, cursing under his breath when Petr closed the distance between him and Leon, so that they were now inches apart.  Petr was breathing hard, a vein popping out at his temple.
“You’re judging me,” Petr said, shaking with anger, “as though you’re better than me when it comes to responsibilities.  What can you do for anyone who loves you?  I can at least meet Riku the way we are.  We’re making the most of it, but you…your lovers will cry blood tears for you.  Who you end up with is up to dear Granny, isn’t it?”
Leon pushed Petr away.
“Who I love is my choice, always has been,” Leon hissed.  “No one will take that away from me. The problem, Petr, is you giving Riku hope when you won’t let go of Genevieve even for a second.  It’s cruel.”
“I don’t need you to keep reminding me that I’m hurting him,” Petr said, glaring at Leon.
“Then figure out what you want, Riku or Genevieve,” Leon said, his voice raised.  “Watching you hurt Riku is hard enough.  I don’t want to see what it will look like when you break him.”
Petr stared at Leon for a full minute before he stalked out of the kitchen.
Leon leaned on the counter and gripped the bottle of water in his hand tight, eyes closed almost in defeat.
“Are you alright?” Logan asked, moving around the kitchen table to stand before Leon.
“I’m fine.”  Leon studied the water bottle he held too tight.
Logan reached out and took Leon’s left hand, prying the bottle out of Leon’s grip.  He placed it on the counter behind Leon.
“You’re upset,” Logan stated, still holding Leon’s hand.  “What’s going on with Riku?”
“He—”
Leon started and then stopped.  His gaze fixed on their clasped hands.
Logan waited and then felt the sting of disappointment fill him when Leon pulled his hand away.
“It’s nothing.”
Leon took the bottle back and moved away from him, heading to the kitchen exit.
“We are taking Riku to a club.  We can wait for you to get dressed, and then we can go,” Leon said.  “It’s better for everyone if we’re out tonight.”
“Are you sure—?” Logan started to ask.
“Riku needs the distraction,” Leon said, interrupting him.  “Hurry Logan, before Petr decides against taking my sage advice.”
Leon left the kitchen with that request.
Logan took in the scattered ingredients on the sink counter.  His wish for a quiet dinner was not happening tonight.  So, he spent a few minutes putting ingredients away, then hurried upstairs to dress for the night.
David talked too much during their ride to the club, trying to fill the strange silence that existed between Riku and Leon.  Logan answered David, if only to give David reasons to continue talking.
At the club, Logan watched the three friends mingle.  He refused drinks and chose soda water.  He kept close attention on Leon who drank with no worry.  Leon danced with Riku until it looked as though his head spun, and then two men who owned the club joined them.
Logan recognized Petr’s friend, because he was the one who helped them with the house they were using.  His name was Darius.  
Darius stared at Leon like a starved beast and Leon was a juicy morsel.  He sat too close to Leon, bought him drinks, and rested an arm around Leon’s shoulders.  When Leon smiled at him, Darius leaned in and they kissed.
Logan wished he could order a stiff drink.
It took everything inside him not to interfere.
Leon melted in Darius’s arms, and Logan looked away.
It hurt to see.
It hurt to watch and be powerless to stop this clear invasion into his territory.
***
Prague was torture.
Logan hated every minute from that day at the club.  September was a failure he decided.  Three weeks of watching Leon run around with Darius: seeing them making out in the kitchen, in the living room and every place they visited.
Logan refused to think of what they did together locked in Leon’s room.  He almost understood Petr’s outburst when Petr found Riku lounging in the living room with Darius’s friend, Theo.
Petr simply grabbed Riku’s arm and pulled him off the couch, then proceeded to kick Theo out of the house.  That day Petr promised Riku, who had tears in his eyes, that he would do something about Genevieve.
Logan wished he could do the same with Darius but he had no claim on Leon.  He had no right to stop Darius from holding Leon and kissing him.  He had no rights to kick Darius out of their house.
The next stop could not come soon enough.
The morning of their departure to Norway, Leon and Darius stood in the front hall, murmuring to each other.  Leon was thankfully dressed for the trip already.  Logan stood at the kitchen door watching them, while he drank his coffee.
“Your jealousy is showing,” Riku said, resting his right hand on Logan’s left shoulder.  “We’re leaving Darius behind.  If you want Leon you’re going to need to make the first move, Logan.”
Logan drank deep from his cup and looked away from Leon when he hugged Darius tight.
“It looks like he has a thing going with Petr’s friend,” Logan said, moving away from the kitchen door.
Riku chuckled, and patted Logan’s left shoulder.
“A distraction in Prague,” Riku said, “like I needed one with Theo.”
Logan studied Riku for a moment.
“Feeling better?” he asked Riku.
“I can’t wait for Norway,” Riku said, with a shrug.  “At least we won’t have to deal with a Genevieve invasion again.”
“Why do you take it?  End it with Petr if it gets too much,” Logan said, aware that Riku’s pain bothered Leon.
“I wish I could,” Riku said.  “I really wish I could, Logan, but I love the bastard.”
Logan watched Riku head out of the kitchen, probably going to find Petr. 
He decided then that if he turned into a fool because of love like Riku, he would ask Stevens to shoot him in the head.
***
“Your guard dog is watching us with eyes that could burn,” Darius said to Leon.  “He gets more murderous when I kiss you, Leon.”
Leon chuckled and pressed his forehead on Darius’s shoulder.
“You see more than I do,” Leon confessed.  “Are you sure he likes me that way?  He could be just protective.  It’s his job.”
“Hug me,” Darius said, wrapping strong arms around Leon, pulling him into a tight comforting hug.
Leon breathed in the bliss of the comfort even though it was temporary.  Darius was a fast passion that fizzled out once they kissed and spent a night together.  Partly his fault, Leon was aware that his own passions now focused on Logan Mason.
Instead of a lover, Darius had turned into a fast friend.  Leon spent time with Darius because he was a great city guide and he enjoyed listening to Darius talk about his home.
“See, your guard dog has walked away in a huff,” Darius said, with a small chuckle.  “Trust me; he really does like you that way.”
Leon felt hope bloom, and wished he had the courage to walk up to Logan, but he didn’t.
“I’m sad to see you leave, Prince Leon,” Darius said, letting Leon know that Darius had not forgotten who he was, even for a second.  
Darius sounded like someone saying goodbye to a fairytale.
“I have had the best time, these last three weeks, with you.”
“Me too,” Leon said, stepping back when Darius let him go.  “Let’s keep in touch, Darius.  I’d really like that.”
Darius smiled and kissed Leon’s cheek.
“Safe travels, miláčku,” Darius murmured.
Leon nodded, and watched Darius leave the house, closing the door with a last wave.  A minute later, Logan asked behind him.
“Are you ready to leave?”
Leon turned to find Logan standing by the kitchen door.
Leon’s heart skipped a beat, Logan looked…too wonderful.
Leon wondered if he shouldn’t run after Darius and beg him to come with them, but that would be running away.  He needed to face the fire in Logan’s eyes head on.
“I’m ready,” Leon said, smiling at Logan.  “Norway here we come.”
***

4
Leon glanced at Logan who sat next to him on their flight.  He was asleep, covered with the blanket the flight attendant gave him. His head tilted back, his lips parted in sleep.  Logan looked tired.  Leon’s phone beeped and he swiped his thumb over the dark screen bringing it to life.
‘What did you have for dinner?’
‘Why aren’t you answering?’
Leon stared at his mother’s questions on the family chat with a small smile.
‘Sorry, Mom, I got distracted.  Logan grilled steaks for dinner last night.  It was good. He’s a great cook.  You’d love his food.’
‘Are you giving him issues?  I can’t believe I have to trouble strangers to take care of my grown son.  It’s really too much.  Are you, Leon?’
Leon shook his head.
‘You’re the one who believes I can’t take care of myself.’
‘You are causing him trouble.  I’ll have to make him dinner when you get back.  Make sure you bring him home with you.  I’ll need to shower him with my million thanks to make him forgive you.’
Leon sent her a laughing gif, and grinned when she sent one back to him.
‘I miss you, baby boy.’
‘I miss you too, Mom.’
‘Tell David to call me too.  I like listening to his funny stories.’
‘I will.  What are you up to?’
‘We met your dad’s business associates in Paris.  We were going to visit a vineyard in Normandy, but your grandmother summoned us home.  Now we’re flying back home to Aeras.’
‘Something wrong?’ 
His grandmother rarely summoned his parents into the palace.  When she did, it was because of a serious issue.  Otherwise, she visited them at home.  His grandmother liked riding horses in the forest surrounding Castle Arguro.
‘Not that we can tell, although I haven’t pressed your dad for info.  We’ll tell you when we know more.’
Leon felt a slight tingle of warning go through him, but it disappeared as fast as it came.  He assumed his grandmother had discovered he was away from home for six months without guard.  She would be furious, but his parents would talk her out of her annoyance.
It could also be something else, like representing her at a charity ball, or a tour of the cities.  Leon shrugged.  Whatever it was, his dad would handle it.  He always had.
‘I have to go, Mom.’
‘Okay, dear.  Do send me pictures of you and your friends.  I want to brag to your grandmother when I see her.’
‘I’ll send them.’
Leon uploaded pictures he chose last night that would not give away too much about his itinerary.  There were pictures of him and his friends in a group at the suspension bridge, at Paul’s home in Ireland, and eating lunch in Prague.
They all looked happy: every one of them with a wide smile, including Logan, who always stood on the edge of the group.  Leon’s gaze lingered over him for a minute, even as his mother sent him a message in response to the upload of pictures.
‘Aww, my Leon looks so handsome.  Granny is going to be so tickled by these pictures.  I love you.’
‘I love you too.  Dad, you too.  You should text more in this group.’
Leon waited a minute, and then grinned when Kleopas wrote.
I like reading your conversations with your mother.  Don’t forget to bring Logan home as you’ve promised your mom.
Leon smiled and sent him thumbs up with a promise gif.
A tablet appeared over his phone, and he looked up to find David smiling at him.
“Read these, then sign.”
“What is it?”
Leon put away his phone and took the tablet.
It was a form sent by their guide for their hike to Trolltunga.  Leon read it.  He was going to write his name when Logan took the tablet from him.
“Hey, he’s not done with that,” David said.
“Your guide is not equipped to take on Leon,” Logan said, producing his identification documents from his pocket.  He took pictures of the official documents with the tablet, and then signed the form himself.  “Submit those documents to them and that should sort them out legally.”
“I was going to take responsibility,” Leon said.
“I know,” Logan soothed, as David took the tablet and disappeared, satisfied.  “I’m only taking responsibility for the trouble your parents would rain down on the guide if something happened.”
“Nothing will happen.”  Leon shifted, so that he sat facing Logan.  “Why did you decide to enter the Aeras Royal Navy, Logan?  I’ve been very curious.”
Logan’s brow rose, then he smiled.
“Nothing special about my decision,” Logan shrugged.  “I joined the navy after high school at eighteen and worked my way up.  After two years, I was able to qualify into the RN SPOC, and that’s where I’ve been the last four years.  I’m currently working under Lt. Commander Stevens.”
“You want to end up in the Capital Palace,” Leon guessed, “running special ops for Granny.”
“For the country,” Logan said.  “I like working to make Aeras strong enough to protect our culture and way of life without outside help.”
The Royal Navy Special Operations Command (RN SPOC) was not an easy program to enter.  Logan would need to have a will of steel to get in and get through the impossible training.  The nine-month training program qualified eight people out of fifty on their best round.
Leon had a lot of respect for officers who qualified.  They had the ability to protect a monarch under the worst conditions possible, like government takeovers and kidnap and assassination attempts.  He felt honored to have Logan guarding his life when Logan could be following his grandmother instead.
“You’re wasted on me,” Leon decided.
Logan chuckled.
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Your parents must be proud,” Leon said, wondering what they were like.
“My mom is always proud of anything I do,” Logan smiled at the thought of her.
“What about Dad?” Leon asked.
“Um…he passed away when I was young.  A car accident,” Logan said.  “He’s part of the reason I joined the Royal Navy.  He was a lieutenant.”
“Oh,” Leon said.  “I’m so sorry.”
“I was too young.”  Logan shook his head.  “Mom is the one who remembers him well enough.”
“Still, it couldn’t have been easy to grow up without him,” Leon said.
“We managed,” Logan said. “Still do.  When Mom is missing him terribly, we go out to this piece of land off the coast where he wanted to live with us when he retired.  She likes it there because he had even built her a nice house.”
“Your dad sounds like a romantic,” Leon said.
“A soppy one,” Logan said with a laugh.  “Or so my Mom makes him sound.”
Leon nodded, thinking Logan’s mom sounded a lot like his own mother.
“So, Paul wanted you guys to visit his home in Ireland,” Logan said.  “David wanted to drive to Germany from the UK, Riku wanted to visit the Suspension Bridge.  I didn’t understand Prague, and now Norway.”
“Actually, David wanted Prague, he thinks the city beautiful, and spent most of his time walking obscure streets and entering rare item shops,” Leon said.
“So, David gets two,” Logan said. “Who wants the hike in Norway?”
“Me,” Leon said with a grin.  “I actually want two too, Norway then our next stop in Sweden.  Our guide has promised to show us the best spot at Trolltunga, and then we'll chase the northern lights on a road trip, which I hear is a matter of patience and time.”
“Sounds like dangerous fun,” Logan said, wrinkling his nose.  “Yours are the sexiest ideas; troublesome, but the most exciting ones.”
Leon grinned.
“Don’t take that back later on our ten-hour long hike to Trolltunga.”
“What’s next after Sweden?” Logan asked.
“Petr wants to visit Riku’s home in Bangkok.  We’ll stay there for a month.  I’d love to get pictures of the temples there, the culture too.  Then, we’ll head to Seville, Spain for December.”
“Anselm’s home,” Logan guessed.
“He promised me a horse.  His family breeds the best ones.  The plan is to stay in Seville for Christmas, and head home for New Years. My family requires it of me.”
“Of course,” Logan said, already knowing New Year’s Day was the one day when the Queen insisted on having her entire family at the palace.
“You’ve been great,” Leon said, feeling the need to be grateful to Logan.  “Thank you for not reporting the change of schedule.  For going along, even when you thought it wasn’t right.”
“I like adventures,” Logan told him, his blue gaze heavy with meaning.
Leon stared for a second, his longing evident.  Logan saw it clear as day.  When Logan said nothing, Leon started to get up.  Then Logan touched his arm, stopping him.
“I’m not your ideal—”
“You are,” Leon cut him off before he could continue.  “I’m as ordinary as you, Logan.  I hope you can cut through the paper work and see me.”
Logan sighed, conflicted.
“Think about it for a day or two,” Leon said, remembering Riku’s observation about Logan.
“What about Darius?” Logan asked, gritting his teeth as he asked the question.
Leon smiled.
“He was a distraction in Prague.”
“Don’t you care for him?”
“I—,” Leon broke off and shrugged.  “He was passing by.”
“Will I be passing by too?” Logan asked, narrowing his gaze in question.
Leon bit his bottom lip.
“If that’s what you want,” he answered in a quiet shy tone.
Logan nodded. 
“I don’t know what I want,” Logan said.
“Then…think about it and tell me,” Leon said, and got up needing to put distance between them.
Otherwise, he was liable to throw himself into Logan’s arms and hope for the best.  One thing was sure though, he did not want a passing fling with this man.  He was selfish enough to want Logan in his life forever, despite Logan’s obvious ambitions.
Leon walked up the spacious cabin and slipped into the empty seat next to Anselm.
Anselm was playing a video game.  When he saw Leon, he handed over the second control and lifted a brow in challenge.  Leon smiled and threw himself into the game, happy to escape his thoughts.
***
Hiking to Trolltunga was a lot of fun in the company of Leon’s friends.  Their guide was an experienced hiker in the area, with three others in her team.  Her name was Emilie and she was Anselm’s friend.  Anselm had met her on a hiking trip in Spain.  When she returned to Norway after that trip, she started offering her services to hikers visiting Norway.
She was easy with the group of young men, even as she kept them strict in terms of pacing and safety.  They listened to her, even as they kept up an upbeat atmosphere on the way to the top.  The scenery was enough to thaw out the worst of moods.  They started mid-morning, with the intention of camping at the top for a sunrise view.
Logan was happy he made sure Leon had a heavy jacket in his pack because the night was cold at the higher altitude.  They set up camp and ate a late dinner.  Thanks to their ten-hour hike, sleep came fast when they were all tucked in their tents.
When the sunrise came, Logan realized why the hours spent hiking to the troll’s tongue were worth it.
The view at the top was stunning.
Leon took pictures of the spectacular view of green mountains, blue river water, the sheer drop from the rock formation called the troll’s tongue, and nature’s own paintings made with swipes of snow and clouds.  Leon grinned like a wild man at their accomplishment, his cheeks flushed with exhilaration, as he took photo after photo.  When he was spent, Leon then sat down to take it all in like a man finding religion.
The group drifted to silence too, as there were no sufficient words to describe the moment.
Logan walked up to Leon who sat on a rock at the top of the world.  Joining him, Logan wrapped an arm around Leon’s shoulders and leaned into him.
“Let’s try it out,” Logan said, thinking he did not want to miss knowing the Leon who found pleasure in hiking to the highest point for a view of nature at its finest.
Leon looked at him for a minute, before he reached for his cell phone and brought it up to take a picture of them.
“Evidence to hold you accountable,” Leon said, when he was done.  “I would kiss you here at the top of the world, Logan Mason.”
“Why don’t you?”
“It won’t feel like what I think it should since you just decided," Leon said. "So, just sit with me.”
Logan smiled.  He pulled Leon closer and contented himself with holding him.
***
October was a better month, Leon decided.
Leon trailed after Logan on an evening walk around the neighborhood they were staying in at Odda.
Norway was turning into a life-changing adventure because of Logan.  He was rediscovering a man who had stayed by his side for two months and loving every minute of it.  He wondered if they could extend their stay here, if only to keep the magical sense of discovery alive.  He liked getting to know Logan.  Liked spending hours with him, even though it was just on a walk, or hanging out by the pool, or watching Logan run like mad and do an insane number of burpees on his morning workouts.
Such small things made him happy.
“Are you cold?” Logan asked, stopping so that Leon could catch up.
Logan removed the light scarf he had on and wrapped it around Leon’s neck.
“I told you to wear yours.  Next time listen to me.”
Such simple words and they sounded like romance to Leon’s speeding heart.  Leon wondered if he had always been so easy.  Had his heart always needed so little?
Logan cupped Leon’s cheeks.
“What?” Logan asked.
Leon smiled and shook his head.
“Nothing, let’s continue.  Anselm, David and Paul brought in girls from the party last night.  It’s noisy.  It feels nice to escape the house.”
“You would have been part of it before,” Logan accused.
Leon chuckled not taking offense to that.
It turns out his short fling with Darius in Prague had really annoyed Logan.  He liked to think it had helped Logan take a step toward him.
“I’m here with you now,” Leon said, slipping his hand into Logan’s and they continued their walk.
***

5
Logan fell in love with Leon on their whirlwind road trip in Norway through to Sweden.  After their hiking trip to Trolltunga, they rented two motorhomes and decided to explore the country on a road trip, getting supplies in every town they ran across.  They started in Odda heading to Tromso, driving across the luscious natural beauty that was Norway, and camping out nights.
Logan spent hours with Leon.  Without choice, really, there was no distance when they lived in a motorhome for weeks.
They were lucky they had two motorhomes, dividing their party evenly.  When they stopped to camp, their group attracted enough attention from other campers.  They turned into a base for evening activities, from barbecues to parties planned by Anselm or Paul.  On the road, Leon took enough pictures to publish a photo journal.
Logan saw passion in Leon’s photography, yet another part of Leon that he found beautiful.
“You could start a photography career,” Logan suggested, the evening before they crossed into Sweden.
He watched Leon set up a tripod for the evening, the camera overlooking a lake at their camp.
“Would it be something you wanted?” Logan asked, curious.
Leon finished setting his camera before he spoke.
“I would love a photography career,” Leon said, with a sure nod.  “But then, I doubt anyone would be comfortable hiring me to do their photoshoots.”
“You’d be surprised at what you can manage with a front man,” Logan said.
Leon walked up to him and wrapped his arms around Logan’s waist, pressing close.  It took Logan’s breath away each time Leon leaned close to him this way.  Bringing his arms around Leon, Logan held him after adjusting the hat on Leon’s head.
Leon buried his face into Logan’s shoulder and took in a deep breath.
“If it were up to me, I’d live this wild life forever taking photographs for a living,” Leon said.  “Would you stay with me if I asked you to, Logan?”
Logan held Leon tighter.
“I would stay with you.”
“Yet, you’re only saying that because you know it’s a wish.  We don’t really have that choice, do we?”
Logan closed his eyes resting his cheek on Leon’s head.  He tried not to think of the future.  He was already breaking so many personal rules by getting this close to Leon.
“I really would stay with you, Leon.”
Leon nodded and held on for the next few minutes until the door on their motorhome opened behind them.  Riku and David came running out each holding burning sparklers.  The sun was fading in the horizon, leaving only the lights they had set up for their camp.  They were alone this time, no one joining them at this camping location.
Leon moved out of Logan’s arms and took three sparklers from Riku.
Logan would ask where Riku had unearthed a whole box of the sparklers but it was useless.  Riku was an endless list of surprises.  Logan shook his head as they started lighting the sparklers and running along the lake like crazy men, laughing loud as they made shapes with the lights.
“They are still kids,” Petr said, coming to stand next to Logan.
“And you’re not?” Logan asked, amused.
“Certainly not, why would you wonder about this?” Petr asked, sitting down on one of the camping chairs near them.
Petr bent over the gas heater they had sitting in the middle of the rough circle they had made with camping chairs.
“Leon worries about you and Riku,” Logan said, folding his arms against his chest.  He looked up to make sure that Leon and Riku were far enough.  “You and Genevieve—”
“This matter is not easy to solve,” Petr said, his accent growing thick.  “I’ve spent the better part of this month trying to find a solution.  I can’t find one.”
“What kind of hold does she have on you?” Logan asked, curious.  “If you need money, are you sure you can’t get help from everyone here?”
Petr chuckled and waved for Logan to sit down next to him when he finished lighting the heater.  Logan obliged him, happy to watch Leon, Riku and David run around by the lake.
“It’s not that easy,” Petr said, taking a sparkler stick from the table where Riku had left the packet.  “My family needs an alliance with Genevieve’s Dad.  They own patent rights we need for a project.  Genevieve’s Dad thinks I make a great boyfriend for his daughter, so I need to find a way to change his thinking.”
“That’s so old fashioned,” Logan mused.
“You would say that,” Petr said, his tone wistful.  “It’s because you’re free to make your choices.  Our families bred the six of us to think about family prosperity first.  We can’t escape it.  We can’t stop ourselves.  Riku knows the stakes in our relationship.”
“I’m sure you can stop these old-fashioned ideas,” Logan said, with a short grin.
“We can try but most times it fails, Logan.  Don’t lie to yourself,” Petr said, looking at Logan with a steady gaze, the weight in his words enough to stop Logan’s grin.  “Don’t forget this one fact for a second. We're all committed to our families in some way.”
Petr nodded to where Leon stood with David lighting another sparkle.  Anselm and Paul came out of their motorhome to join in the fun.  They were teasing each other and laughing when the sparklers would not light.
“It's no secret that Leon’s got it the worst of all us.  He likes to play and act like his responsibilities don’t exist, but he never forgets.  This trip…this is a temporary escape,” Petr said.
“Petr, I have to tell you, you make it hard to hang out with you.”
Petr chuckled and poked Logan’s left arm with the unlighted sparkler he held.
“Don’t you know it’s good to have your feet on the ground at all times?” Petr asked, his tone teasing, but he meant every word.  His gaze found Riku like a magnet finds it’s opposite.  “This way you’ll know exactly where you’re headed.”
“And where is that?” Logan asked, remembering Leon’s reaction to Petr treating Riku so badly.
“We’ll have to see,” Petr said.  “I’m not ever giving Riku up.”
Logan nodded, and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees.
“Petr, if that’s how you feel then stop hurting him.  Nothing excuses you treating him like that,” Logan said.  “Pain is a hard pill to take.  Stop force-feeding it to him.  He takes it because he loves you but if you do it enough times, you’ll break him.”
Petr played with the sparkler for a minute, then two.
“You and Leon are the same.”
Logan smiled, his gaze seeking Leon by the beach.  It was getting darker.  Leon pulled the scarf around his neck higher to cover his chin, and zipped up his jacket.  Leon hated the cold; still he endured in the name of finding the aurora borealis.  Logan’s smile widened when Leon pulled the hood of his jacket over his head.  His handsome face now framed by white faux fur.
“Oh, Logan, even as you worry about me, I think you’re the one walking a rougher road.  You might need to join the club.”
Logan stood up, aware that his feelings for Leon left him vulnerable.  They had not done much more than spend time together, but he wanted more.  He could feel it in Leon too, that need for a deeper connection.  They were coasting on the edge and he felt eager to jump into the depths of full on commitment.  It scared him.
Logan checked the heater too, making sure it was working.  He needed to get Leon back here to get warm.
“What club?” Logan asked, hoping to distract Petr from his line of questioning.
“This one,” Petr said.  “Otherwise, how will you manage to stay close to him?”
Logan frowned, confused.
Petr gave him a small mysterious smile.
“We’ll wait until Seville.  If you two are…more,” Petr shrugged.  “We can talk then.”
“You’re full of mysteries, Petr.”
“The very best kind,” Petr answered.
Logan left Petr brooding by the heater.
When he reached Leon, Logan took Leon’s cold hands and slipped them into his own coat pockets.  Leon chuckled and pressed closer.
“Should we make hot chocolate?” Leon asked.  “It’s going to be a cold one tonight.  I’m determined to stay here until I get epic shots of the Northern Lights.”
“I figured as much,” Logan murmured into Leon’s ear.  “I’ll make the hot chocolate, if you promise to stay by the heater for a while, as you wait.”
“Let’s get the hot chocolate together.”
Leon pulled his hands out of Logan’s pockets and turned to his friends.
“Guys, we’re going to get hot chocolate,” Leon said in general.  “Will you get the second heater, Riku?”
“Sure,” Riku hurried off to the second motorhome and Leon followed Logan.
Inside their motorhome, Logan worked on the hot chocolate as Leon collected clothes hanging on chairs and the couch.
“We need to do laundry before we leave tomorrow.  I don’t know how we get through clean clothes so quickly.”
“Some of those look clean.”
The motorhome filled with the sound of Logan whisking cocoa powder into hot water.
Leon worked on placing most of the clothes on the couch and chairs, clean or not, into a laundry basket.  He moved to the sink and cleaned out the dishes from lunch.
“Almost done, will you pass me the flasks?” Logan asked.
Leon got two flasks from the cupboard above the sink and handed them to Logan.  He wiped the sink down and threw the wet dishcloth in the laundry basket.  He turned to find Logan holding out a cup of hot chocolate topped with whipped cream for him.
Leon smiled and held Logan’s wrist steady, leaning down to sip the hot liquid.  The creamy, smooth taste of hot chocolate filled his mouth, delicious, spreading warmth through him.
“You make the best hot chocolate,” Leon said, taking the cup from Logan on the second sip.  “I’ll get addicted at this rate.”
Logan chuckled and swiped his thumb over Leon’s upper lip, to remove the moustache of whipped cream.  Leon watched Logan lick the whipped cream off his thumb.  Logan smiled at the flash of desire in gray eyes, before he moved around Leon to get cups for the gang outside.
Leon cleared his throat and moved to lean on the wall by the sink as Logan got seven biodegradable ripple cups from the cupboard above the sink.  The cups were Anselm’s initiative since none of them liked washing dishes too much.
“You carry the cups, I’ll take the flasks,” Logan said, coming to stand before Leon.
“Have some,” Leon held out his cup to Logan.
Logan copied him, holding Leon’s wrist as he sipped from the cup.
“It’s good,” Logan said, nodding, urging the cup to Leon.  “Not as good as my mom’s but it will do.”
“If she makes it better than this, she’s a magician.  I’d love to meet your mom,” Leon said, surprising Logan.
Leon looked up from the hot chocolate they were now sharing.
“She sounds interesting,” Leon said, when he noticed Logan’s raised brow.
Logan smiled.
“I’m sure she’d love to meet you too.”
Leon stared at him.
“Really?”
Logan drank the last of the hot chocolate and took the cup from Leon.
“Really,” Logan said, rinsing out the cup and placing it on the dry rack.
Gabriella would be beside herself with delight if she were to meet Leon.
Logan did not miss the pleased smile on Leon’s lips as he took the ripple cups and headed outside.
The northern lights did not disappoint Leon that night.  One moment, it was dark skies, and the next, as though a light switch came on, the spark of green appeared in the night.  The lights were so strong: shining, glowing, and dancing in the skies.  Leon’s camera worked without stop, set in a timer to capture the lights in the sky.
Logan stood beside Leon staring up at the spectacular display.  He doubted he would have ever seen such a magnificent sight if it weren’t for Leon.  Turning to his right, he found Leon watching him.
Leon took a step toward him and then stopped doubt in his gaze.  Logan made the choice.  Reaching for Leon’s jacket lapels, he pulled him closer and pressed his lips to surprised soft ones.  They kissed under the splashing green colors dancing in the sky.  Their sweet, maddening kiss tangled them in an irrevocable web.
***

6
Bangkok gave Leon and Logan the freedom to sink into their newfound romance.  Riku’s home offered convenience and privacy.  Leon left his friends to their own adventures, preferring to walk the streets of Bangkok with Logan.
Leon remembered every minute of their month in Thailand.
They rode longboats that took them on tours of the residential parts of the city.  Leon took pictures of Logan smiling, or pointing out sights that caught his attention.  He snapped pictures of Logan buying them beers when the longboat stopped at one of the street markets.  There was one of Logan laughing with the longboat’s owner, as though they were old friends.
There was the visit to one of the largest temple complexes in the city, Wat Pho.  Home to the giant reclining Buddha covered in gold leaf.  Leon spent more than a few minutes capturing it on camera, then dragged Logan closer so that they could take a selfie.  Logan had covered his face in embarrassment when Leon insisted they crouch down on the floor to get the right angle.
They walked through the huge flower market.  Leon took more pictures and bought Logan a bunch of edible flowers. Leon made sure to immortalize Logan's amused expression at the taste of those flowers.
He had a collection of pictures dedicated to Logan's expressions: happy Logan, moody Logan, annoyed Logan, and his favorite, thinking Logan. Leon scrolled through them and paused when he found a photo of Logan taken at a local restaurant in Bangkok.
Leon frowned, remembering the lunch they spent at that local Bangkok restaurant.
They chose a quiet spot by the windows with a view of the street.  After spending five months in Leon’s company, Logan was well versed in Leon’s likes and dislikes when it came to food.  Leon left Logan to order their food, while he watched the street.
“Do you think it’s freeing to live the way we have these last five months?” Leon asked, when Logan was done making their order.  “Without a care or schedule in sight.  I wonder if I shouldn’t try to live like this forever.”
“Don’t you miss home?” Logan asked, accepting the glasses of freshly squeezed tangerine juice from their waiter.
“In some ways, I do,” Leon shrugged.  “I also know if I go back home, the first thing I’ll give up is free time.  There are projects I want to do that will take all my time.  I’m worried I won’t be this free for a long time.”
“I don’t mind a life of schedules,” Logan said, adjusting the plate of river prawn on lotus flower and sweet sauce before Leon.  He had ordered barbecue chicken with sauce for himself.
Logan took a few minutes cutting pieces of chicken to place on Leon’s plate.  Leon had a bad habit of eating what everyone else ordered, and only a little of what was in his plate. Something Logan had picked up about Leon in Norway.
“Why don’t you mind schedules?” Leon asked, picking up the pieces of barbecue chicken Logan placed on his plate.  He chewed slow, as though testing it.  When he was sure of the taste, he took another bite.
“Schedules mean I know where I need to be every day, at every moment.  They keep me goal-oriented.  They’re efficient.”
“That’s…true,” Leon smiled, taking up his glass of juice.
Leon took a sip, then a deeper drink when he approved of the taste.  He looked up from his plate and his gaze stayed on Logan as he ate his chicken.
“What happens when we get home?” Leon asked, thinking he wanted to continue seeing Logan after their trip ended.  He wanted Logan in his life.
Logan placed his fork on his plate and dropped his hands on his lap.  When he looked at Leon, it was to deliver somber news.
“I’ll get a new assignment.”
“Just like that?” Leon asked, annoyed by the acceptance in Logan’s voice.
He needed Logan to want him too.
“That is my life, Leon,” Logan said.  “It’s what I signed up for.”
Leon nodded.
“So, I’m an assignment, and that’s it.”
“That’s not what I’m saying.”
“What if I want you to stay with me?” Leon asked.  “Would you agree?”
Logan held his silence, a tick in his jaw before he met Leon’s gaze.
“No,” Logan said, his gaze leaving no doubt that Leon would not interfere with his career.
Leon stared at him for a moment, and then he got up and left the restaurant, anxiety burning a hole in his gut.  His appetite vanished.  He did not want to interfere with Logan’s life in anyway.  He wanted the best for Logan, always, but the idea of being unable to see him again—
A strong grip on his left elbow jerked him to a stop and he turned to find Logan glaring at him.
“Never do that again,” Logan yelled.  “You don’t walk away from me.”
“Let go.”  Leon jerked his arm out of Logan’s hold, hating the swirl of uneasiness flooding his stomach.
He wanted to shout with frustration on the street.
Logan held up the camera bag Leon carried.
“You left this behind.”
Leon cursed and reached for the bag, only for Logan to move it out of his reach.
“Do you want to talk about this?” Logan asked, studying him.  “We can do it now, or later, when we’re about to go back to Aeras.  Which do you prefer?”
Leon wiped a hand down his face and looked around the busy street.  Fear he didn’t understand filled his heart.
It wasn’t as though Logan would be too far, but—
“I’m afraid I’ll never see you again when we get home,” Leon stated, finally meeting Logan’s inquiring gaze.  “You’ll be gone, disappeared into the intricate mess that is your beloved Royal Navy.  You’ll stay inundated in missions.  What we’ve built here will disappear in a flash and it scares me.”
“I won’t let that happen,” Logan said.  “I’ll make time for you, if you want it.”
Leon chuckled, the sound bitter even to his ears, as he shook his head.  It would not be the same.  It would not be this: being together, living together.  He could already hear doubt creeping into Logan’s voice.
Back home where he was a prince and Logan a naval officer, would Logan have the courage to want him back?  His heart threatened to break at the thought of it all.
“Don’t tease me, Logan,” Leon said.  “I know the rules and how they will pull us apart because of your duty to them.”
“I’m sorry.  I don’t know what to say to make this easier,” Logan said, sliding his hand from Leon’s elbow to lock their fingers together.  “Baby, you’re having a meltdown in the middle of Bangkok, and all I want to do is kiss you and make it better.”
Leon breathed in now, staring at Logan's photo, thinking about that conversation on the street.
They had not finished their discussion.  Logan had pulled him into a hug and then hailed a taxi to head back to Riku’s house.  When they got there, it was to find Riku planning a trip to the beach.
Leon studied a photograph of Logan at the beach in Phuket.
Logan was in swimming shorts, coming out of the water, his hair dripping, his body so incredible; Leon had been unable to resist taking the picture among other things.  Years of military training had sculpted Logan’s body to perfection.  Smiling, Leon saved Logan’s photos and decided he did not have the courage to revisit their lost conversation until it was necessary.
Bangkok had turned into the perfect getaway.
Now, they were in Anselm’s Seville.
The Leandro Hacienda was ushering in December.  Anselm tried to be there for them, but his presence in the hacienda meant he had to work at times.  Petr and Riku spent most of their time together.  David and Paul went in search of matador scenes, leaving Leon and Logan to their own devices.
Leon smiled when a cold glass of orange juice appeared before him.  He closed the laptop and shivered when cool lips trailed along his bare neck, down to his shoulder.  The black dressing gown he wore slid off his shoulders and he placed the glass on the table, turning his chair so that he could kiss Logan.
It felt as though he and Logan had fallen into a cloud of passion in Seville.
Anselm’s hacienda was perfect for it: lazy afternoons in bed with Logan were the stuff of dreams.
They made love, unfolding each other with desire and need, until there was nothing to hide.
Leon moaned now, as Logan pushed the gown away leaving him naked.  He sunk his fingers into Logan’s hair, which had grown in the last few months, biting his lip when Logan kissed his way down his stomach, lower, until he took Leon’s cock into his mouth.
Thoughts disappeared, and all that remained was Logan’s hot mouth on him, and the molten desire racing through him.
If he lived with nothing else but Logan loving him, Leon knew he would be content.
***
When they made it out of bed, Logan took pleasure in watching Leon ride Anselm’s horses.  One afternoon, on a sunny Wednesday, Leon sat on a brown mare with no saddle in only a pair of jeans, his shirt hanging on the rail beside Logan, his feet bare.
“You’re crazy,” Logan scolded, wishing he could pull Leon off the horse, even as Leon urged it into a hard gallop around the enclosed pasture.
Leon’s laugh at the exhilarating ride had Logan watching him in awe.
In moments like these, he marveled at the fact that he had somehow gained the right to kiss this passionate Leon and watch him come apart with ecstasy in his arms.
Logan frowned when it started raining.  He started to call out to Leon, but stopped.
Leon held out his hands wide and tilted his head back, allowing his horse to guide the ride around the pasture.  Horse and man, making a perfect picture in the rain, Logan brought his phone up and took the picture, thinking it the most real Leon had ever gotten.
Logan wished he could keep Leon forever.
When Leon rode toward him, stopping his horse right before Logan, Logan’s heart ached with love when Leon jumped off the horse and came to him.  Leon climbed the railing and kissed him, as though they didn’t have another night together.  One kiss led to more.  They laughed and worked on finding a private spot to enjoy each other to their hearts’ content.  The rain stopped, and they lay on long grass behind the hacienda, kissing, and exploring each other’s bodies, not spoiling the moment with words.
It was bliss.
Leon closed his eyes when Logan trailed kisses down his chest.  Logan then braced his hands on either side of him and took a moment to stare down at Leon.  Leon smiled, leaning up to steal a kiss from Logan.  He chuckled when Logan lay over him, pressing his full weight on him.
“Leon!”
Riku’s voice drifted to them and Logan groaned, burying his face into Leon’s shoulder at the interruption.
“Leon!”
“We should ignore him,” Leon sighed, running his hands up Logan’s back.  “Come on, Logan, kiss me again.”
“Logan!”
Riku yelled, a note in his voice making Logan sit up to see Riku running toward them.
“Come on,” Leon protested, when Logan got to his feet, his gaze narrowed when Riku saw him and changed direction, running at full speed toward them.
Logan reached down and pulled Leon to his feet.
“Something is wrong,” Logan said, when Leon leaned into his back, pressing a kiss on Logan's shoulder.
“What could be wrong on such a perfect day?” Leon asked, pressing his face into Logan’s back.
Riku reached them, and stood staring at Leon for a full minute, his eyes filled with tears.
“I’m sorry,” Riku said, the tears spilling over.
“What’s wrong?” Logan asked, shifting so that he could wrap his left arm around Leon’s shoulders.
Riku held out Logan’s cellphone.
Logan had left it with him when they came out here, just in case.
Logan sucked in air, thinking Leon’s parents had discovered the nature of their trip across Europe.  He checked the caller ID and frowned when he saw Commander Steele’s personal number.
“Hello, Commander Steele, Sir,” Logan said, after bringing the phone to his ear.
“Lieutenant Mason,” Commander Steele said, his voice soft.  “Are you near His Highness, Prince Leon?”
“Yes, Sir.”
His answer had Leon looking at him with a frown.
“Good.  We have bad news for him and he is going to need someone with him.  There is no easy way to say this, Lieutenant.  An hour ago, there was a terrible car accident near the family's vineyard in Aeras.  His Highness, Prince Kleopas and his wife, Princess Anastasia were both in the car.  They are gone, Logan.  Prince Leon is summoned back home.  We’re already making the necessary arrangements for his return.  You’ll need to accompany him back.”
Logan sucked in air, his arm tightening around Leon.
“If you’ll hand him the phone now,” Commander Steele said.  “It is my duty to make the notification to His Highness.”
Logan’s gaze met Leon’s questioning one and he heard himself ask, “May I make it?”
“No, Lieutenant.  This is my duty, son.  Follow orders and hand the phone to His Highness.”
Logan closed his eyes and held out his phone to Leon, keeping his arm around Leon.
“It’s for you,” Logan managed to choke out, when Leon took the phone in confusion.
Leon brought the phone to his ear, and Logan knew the moment Leon heard the worst news of his life.  Leon dropped the phone to the ground, going limp.  Logan wrapped his arms around Leon tight, aware of Riku moving in too, and holding Leon from the back.
“I’m so sorry,” Logan murmured, into Leon’s ear.  “You’re not alone.  Baby, we’re right here.”
Leon clung to him, shaking hard, even as he shook his head in denial.
***
Logan sat beside Leon on the flight back to the Kingdom of Aeras.  His hand closed over Leon’s right, doing everything he could to infuse strength into a listless Leon.
Since the call from Commander Steele, Leon had not spoken one word.  He moved in silence, following when Logan made him head back to their suite to dress.  Commander Steele’s orders got them transportation back to the Kingdom of Aeras in less than thirty minutes.  A car stood waiting outside Anselm’s hacienda by the time Leon was fully dressed in a black suit.
Logan left their luggage to Anselm, knowing it would be well packed and sent to Aeras.  He made sure to take Leon’s laptop and his camera bag though.
The seatbelt light came on in preparation for the landing.  Logan started to reach for Leon’s belt to snap it in place, only to realize that Leon had not bothered removing it.  Looking into gray eyes, he wondered if Leon even saw him.
There was no need for words.
Leon was not talking.
“Logan, see me for a moment,” Petr said, touching Logan’s shoulder.  “Sit with me.”
Logan squeezed Leon’s hand, not ready to leave him.  Petr gave him a warning glance, and he sighed and got up.  It was no surprise that all Leon’s friends had boarded the plane with him.  Riku moved into the seat Logan vacated and took Leon’s hand.
Logan sat next to Petr and waited.
“How deep are you?” Petr asked.
Logan stared at his hands on his lap.  He didn’t know what answer to give.  He and Leon had barely talked about the future. When they tried, Leon would get so upset, Logan had thought it best they push it back to when they returned.  He could never have imagined this happening.
“We’re about to land,” Petr said, continuing without Logan’s answer.  “You have a choice to make, Logan.  Remember I told you that you would need to join our circle to keep close?”
Logan nodded.  His gaze fixed on Leon’s seat.  He could not see Leon but he imagined Leon was staring out the window, as he had during the flight.
“I suppose you’ll have to experience what I mean to understand,” Petr said.  “I’m telling you if you want into the circle, I’ll help you.  We all will, but you need to want it, Logan, because it’s not an easy feat liking a Queen’s favorite grandson.  Do you understand?”
Logan dragged his gaze away from Leon’s seat to Petr.
“Let’s talk about it later, Petr,” Logan said, he could barely think straight right now.  He didn’t understand what Petr was trying to say.  Right now, all he could think about was Leon.
Leon looked like the type to hold his pain inside, and not reach out for help.
“Sure,” Petr said, with a short nod.  “
Logan got up and returned to his seat making Riku return to Petr.
When they landed, it was to find a palace attendant waiting for Leon with three black royal service cars at the ready.  It was night.  The palace was keeping Leon’s arrival private.  There was no press in sight. The heightened security tipped Logan that there was more going on.
Leon stared at the palace attendant waiting for direction.
“Your Highness, Prince Leon, my name is Dax Karia.  I am your personal secretary assigned by the palace.  I will accompany you through this difficult time.”
Leon pointed to Logan and his friends.
“I—”
He broke off, clearing his throat.  “I need them.”
Logan started to step forward, but stopped when Riku held his elbow.
“Can you stay with him?  Don’t leave him alone at the hospital?” Riku asked.  “He’s—”
“I know.  I’ll stay with him,” Logan promised, following Leon to the car Dax indicated.
“Where are we going?” Logan asked Dax, who sat in the front passenger seat.
“The hospital first,” Dax said, shifting to look at Leon.  “Then to the palace to meet Her Majesty the Queen.”
Leon closed his eyes and clasped his hands tight on his lap.  Logan once again covered Leon’s cool hands with his hoping to relieve Leon’s anxiety.  It worked for a while, until the car pulled into the underground parking lot at the hospital.
Leon shivered then, tension returning.
Dax led the way to the morgue.
Logan noted that only relevant staff remained.  At the doors into the morgue, Leon stopped right outside unable to follow Dax.  His fingers clenched into tight fists.
Logan started to reach for him, but Dax stepped out, giving him a censuring glance.
“Your Highness,” Dax addressed Leon.
“You’re Prince Kleopas’s only son and the head of Castle Arguro now,” Dax said, in the gentlest voice possible.  “We should get this identification done so that we’re able to start funeral arrangements.”
Leon sucked in air and seemed to push himself to enter the morgue.  Logan followed behind him, afraid.  He was not as confident as Dax that Leon would keep it together.
He wasn’t wrong.
It took Leon exactly three minutes from the moment he saw his parents.  Logan reached him as he broke down into hard sobs that had Dax leaving them alone and closing the doors to ensure privacy.
Logan held on to Leon, as he cried harsh sobs that wrecked through his body, until all he could do was hold on to Logan.  Shock and pain washed over Leon.  Logan wished he could take it all for him.  Yet, all he could do was hold Leon in the middle of this horrible storm.
When Leon calmed down enough to walk, Logan led him out of the morgue to find Dax waiting for them.  Dax held out a handkerchief to Leon.
“What’s next?” Logan asked, making sure he blocked Leon from everyone else, as he composed himself.
“Now, we head to the palace,” Dax said, studying Logan with a curious glance.  “I’m not sure you’re—”
“I have clearance,” Logan said.  “Talk to Commander Steele.”
Dax nodded and led the way out.
Once upstairs, Logan sighed because their luck had ran out.  The press waited outside.  The security Dax brought with him was efficient.  They cleared a path to the car in minutes.  Leon walked on his own steam, and once they were in the car, the driver took off.
“Leon.”
Logan tried to reach out, but Leon just shook his head, tears sliding down his cheeks.  Logan pulled him into his arms, offering comfort, hoping to ward off the nightmare.
The drive to the Capital’s Palace went too fast.
One moment Leon was in his arms, the next the car pulled up to the palace’s main entrance.  Leon moved out of his arms, taking in deep breaths, building armor around his emotions.  When he got out of the car, he was composed enough.
Logan followed Leon into the palace, stopping only when the Queen’s personal secretary and Commander Steele met them.  Leon continued up the wide staircase to the first floor following the queen’s personal secretary and Logan met Commander Steele’s gaze.
“Lieutenant Mason,” Commander Steele said in greeting.  “Thank you for completing your mission with success.  Now that His Highness is home, I have a special mission for you…”
Logan looked up the staircase to find Leon watching him.
Their gazes held for a minute, then Leon was gone, and there was only duty staring at Logan.
***
A week later, Leon stood in the green salon where his mother liked to host her guests at Castle Arguro.  She loved the wide windows that let in the sun.  Anastasia worked tirelessly with the gardener to create a bustling, flourishing flower garden for the perfect view.  Leon stared at the bright garden now and felt nausea rise.  His mother would want the garden kept up and he had no clue how.  He didn’t know the first thing about running the castle.
Why had he never bothered to learn?
His father’s work was easy.  Leon trained all his life for it, but running the castle…
Leon took in a deep breath, hoping to quell the panic.  He closed his eyes and the image of his parents lying so still in the morgue filled his mind’s eye.  He sucked in air, and forced his eyes open.  The reality of his parents’ deaths tore him to pieces by the minute.
“Your Highness,” someone said, trying to draw him out of the cold.
“W-wh—”
Leon stopped to clear his throat.  He turned to his right to find the palace attendant his grandmother had forced on him standing a few feet away.
A blessing and a curse, he decided.
The attendant was a blessing because Dax was the only person who seemed to know what Leon was supposed to be doing.  Leon thought it a curse because he had this sinking feeling that his parents were dead because of the palace. His first instinct was to distance himself from his grandmother.  Not yet though, not until his parents were laid to rest.  His heart squeezed with pain.  He couldn’t believe he was burying his parents today.  It all felt too unreal.
“What am I doing next?” Leon asked Dax, needing direction.
“We’re driving to the funeral procession,” Dax said. “You'll have a ten minute walk from the Thelem Academy behind your parents’ caskets until you arrive at the Thelem Abbey where Her Majesty is waiting for you, Your Highness.”
“I don’t remember all the protocols.”
“I will stay with you through the ceremony and guide Your Highness through them,” Dax promised.
Leon nodded glad he did not have to remember all the procedures.  Turning to the gardens again, he pointed at them.
“Dax, Mom would want me to keep up the gardens and I don’t know how,” Leon said.  “Can you make sure they know to take care of them?  I—, it’s—,” Leon shook his head.  “She would want that.”
“I will see that it gets done,” Dax murmured, noting it down in the notebook he held.
“Leon, you don’t have to worry about that right now,” Riku said, from somewhere behind him.
Leon turned and was surprised to see his friends sitting in various chairs around the room.  They all stood, all dressed in impeccable black suits.  Riku stepped up to him first, and hugged him hard.  Paul, then Petr followed, each one patting his back in support.  Anselm kissed his cheek, and then David took his right hand and pressed a coin into his palm.
“Hold it to distract your thoughts.  We’re with you during that procession,” David murmured, hugging Leon tight.  “You’re not alone, Leon.”
Leon clutched the coin and hugged David hard holding back tears, before he turned and left the green salon, afraid he might start sobbing again.  Heart pounding as he followed Dax out.  Leon stopped when he saw Logan standing by the exit in his dark formal uniform.  Logan’s hat held under his left arm.
When Logan saw him, he made a perfect salute and Leon could only stare at his lover.  In the past week, they had barely seen each other.  The palace had pulled Logan from Leon’s protection detail.  Commander Steele had instead assigned a new officer to Leon.  Knowing that Logan wanted a prestigious military career, Leon had kept his silence.  After all, they had not made any promises to each other.
Logan held Leon’s gaze for a second, before he opened the doors and Leon had no choice but to head out.
Leon tried to remain strong as he walked by Logan, biting his lip hard as he followed Dax to his car.
He could do this.
Lose everything in a week: his parents and his chosen lover.
He could manage this.
Leon almost broke when Logan slid into the backseat beside him.
Dax raised the privacy glass between them and the driver and Leon turned to look at Logan.
“You came,” Leon stated, gripping David’s coin tight.  “I haven’t seen you all week.  Did you get a good assignment?”
“Leon,” Logan said.  “I’m sorry.  They’ve kept me so busy.  I wanted to come and stay with you, but it’s really hard to get away.”
“It’s alright.  I knew it was going to be like this from the start.  There is nothing to be sorry about, Logan,” Leon said, pain numbing his heart.
Logan reached out to touch Leon’s right hand.
“I’m worried about you.”
“Is it enough to stay with me?” Leon asked, needing to ask.  If begging would work, he would do that too.
“Leon.”
Logan’s resigned tone was enough to tell him it was a waste to ask.
Leon closed his eyes and forced himself to let go. Seville was a dream. He had dreamed their intense romance to life and now he had to stop.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to ask that,” Leon said, shaking his head.  “Don’t worry about me.  I have my friends and grandmother.  I’ll be fine.  Thank you for keeping me safe these last few months, Logan.”
“Leon—”
The car came to a stop, and Leon wondered at how fast they had gotten into town from Castle Arguro.  His driver was speeding.  Logan looked like he had more to say, but they did not seem to have time.
There was nothing more to say anyway.
Logan did not look ready to give up his career.  It was a ridiculous thing to expect of him.  The fantasy was over for them.
Logan cursed under his breath and leaned in to press a chaste kiss on Leon’s jaw.
“Don’t skip your meals, Leon.  Please don’t forget that you’re not alone,” Logan said.
Leon closed his eyes as Dax opened Logan’s door.
“This is the farthest we can take you, Lieutenant Mason.  Any closer and it will be trouble we can’t afford,” Dax said, prompting Logan to get out of the car.
Leon stared at Logan’s back as he got out and almost cried out for him to stay, so he bit his lip hard and watched Logan leave.
Dax closed the door and in less than a minute, the car continued on taking Leon to his parents’ funeral.  Leon clutched David’s coin tight, his heart turning to ice from all the pain.
***
At the funeral, Logan matched behind Leon in the company of Commander Steele and Lieutenant-Commander Stevens.  They acted as the barrier between Leon and the crowd following Leon and his parents to Thelem Abbey.
Leon walked alone behind two caskets on carriages.
He was too young to have married, and Princess Anastasia’s parents were too old to match with Leon. Prince Kleopas's brother should have been beside Leon, but Prince Isaak had chosen to wait at the church.
Leon cut such a lone figure.  Only twenty-two years of age and facing such tragedy, Logan’s heart ached wishing he could rush up and take Leon’s hand.
An impossible dream, Logan thought as they reached Thelem Abbey.
Queen Amethea met them in person.
Logan watched as Her Majesty, the Queen, acknowledged the two caskets with a touch on each one, and then walked to Leon.  She pulled Leon into a tight hug, kissed both his cheeks and took his right hand.  They entered the abbey together, and in that moment, Logan knew he would have to keep his love hidden.
After all, it had been a dream to try loving a man like His Highness, Prince Leon Nicholas Raphael Maximillian.
***
The evening after his parents’ funeral, Leon sat in his father’s office/study feeling lost.  Kleopas did most of his work in this office.  Leon remembered running into this room more than once to call his Dad for a meal, or to sit on the chair by the large windows and talk.  Each time, Kleopas had seemed larger than life, someone Leon would always have to talk to, to depend on.
He reached out to pick a photo frame that looked new on the left side of the desk and a gasped when he recognized the framed picture.  It was of the three of them.  The picture Leon took with his parents on his graduation day.  His mother smiled at him, as she clutched the folders with his certificates, his father smiling into the camera, an arm around Leon’s shoulders.  Tears filled his eyes as he realized that was the last time he had seen them.  The last time his mother hugged him, the last time he saw his father smile at him.
Heart raw with pain, Leon cried silent tears, clutching the photo frame tight.  A soft knock came on the door, and he closed his eyes, turning the large chair to face the windows as he wiped his eyes.
“Yes?” he called out when he could.
The door opened and a second later, Dax spoke.
“Your Highness, lawyers from the Office of the Marshal of Court’s are here.  They insist on an audience with you,” Dax said.  “It’s better to clear everything so that you’ll be free tomorrow.”
Leon sighed, placing the photo frame on his lap.  He wiped his cheeks with his palms, taking away traces of tears, and turned the chair to face Dax.
“Alright, let’s do as you say,” Leon said to Dax.
Dax hesitated, waiting at the door, studying Leon’s face for a moment.
“If you would like, I can call Master Riku to keep you company through this,” Dax said after a moment.  “They’ll be discussing your parents’ legal information.  It can get difficult—
“Have you called Logan after we returned?” Leon asked, hopeful, even after their parting conversation this morning.
Dax’s face fell. 
“I’m sorry, Your Highness.  Lieutenant Mason is out of reach.  His Commanding Officer said that he’s on mission.”
Leon absorbed that news like he had his parents’ death.  His numb heart felt solid with the amount of pounding it was getting this week.
“Alright, then no need to call anyone,” Leon said, shaking his head.  “My friends have had a long week.  There is no need to drag them into these matters.”
“Then,” Dax gave him a tentative smile.  “I’ll stand in with you in their stead.  It’s not good to be alone through this, Your Highness.”
Leon gave Dax a small nod.  He picked up the photo frame on his lap, as Dax left to get his visitors, and returned it to its spot.  There were more photos on that corner: pictures of Leon growing up, pictures of Anastasia in the garden, his parents with his grandmother, and a candid photo of his parents at a beach.  They looked happy.  His father must have smiled every time he caught a glimpse of these photos.  Leon sat back, and wondered if he would ever be half as lucky as Kleopas and Anastasia.
The door opened and a small army of lawyers walked in.  They were over ten people in the room.  Leon sat up, adjusting his suit jacket as Dax hurried to his right side.  Making them two against…fourteen, Leon shuddered and wondered why his father’s estate needed so many to report to him.  An older man sat on the right chair before his father’s desk, while a handsome woman took the chair on the left.  She had three people standing behind her, while the man had the rest.  Strange, but it looked like a clear division of staff.
“I’m sorry to intrude on your time at such a difficult time,” the older man said.  “My name is Roger Summers.  I represent your father, His Highness Prince Kleopas’s estate.  To my right is Mrs. Summers.  She represents your mother, Her Highness Princess Anastasia’s estate.”
“You are married,” Leon said, amused by the fact that his parents had gotten a couple to manage their affairs.
“We are, Your Highness,” Roger said.  “I assure you that it does not interfere with the jobs we have to do.”
“I imagine if it did, none of you would still work for my parents,” Leon said, knowing his father’s attitude toward results.  “Do you both work for the Marshal of the Court?”
“No,” Mrs Summers said.  “I own a private practice that manages your mother’s estate independent of the royal family’s assets.”
Leon nodded and sat back in his father’s seat.
Roger Summers seemed to take his silence as a go-ahead.  He took a thick black folder from his assistant and started the formal proceedings of reading Kleopas Maximillian’s will.
Leon listened as Roger listed properties he now had to look after, charities and foundations that were now under his purview.  Most of all, it was interesting to discover that his dad had run Castle Arguro independent of the palace.
“You’re fourth in line to the Throne of Aeras,” Roger said, drawing Leon’s thoughts back to the moment.  “Her Majesty sees you as an important member of the Royal Family. When you’re ready, palace officials will schedule time with you and lay out duties meant to represent the kingdom—”
“To clarify,” Leon cut in.  “All you have read out to me runs independent of the government and tax payers, does it not?”
“It does,” Roger said.  “In fact, we pay taxes to the government of Aeras like any other citizen.”
That confirmation sounded like a salvation to Leon.  He was searching for a way to survive this tragedy and it was so clear now.
“Then I shall discuss matters of duties and representing the kingdom with my grandmother, separately,” Leon said.
“As you wish,” Rogers said.  “I’m now your lawyer too, Your Highness.  I’ll be glad to help you make that discussion easier if the palace officials get too difficult.”
“Thank you,” Leon said, giving Rogers a nod.
Leon turned to Mrs. Summers because she stood.  She held out a leather folder bag that Dax took and placed before Leon.  Leon frowned, giving Mrs. Summers a confused look but she only nodded urging him to open the bag.
Leon shifted, unzipping the bag and upending the contents on the desk.  He could not help the sharp intake of air, when he recognized his mother’s gray cell phone and his father’s black one.  His mother’s jewelry and his father’s family ring.
“I—,” Leon started then stopped, as he picked up his father’s phone.  It was clean, even as Leon knew it would not have been from the accident.  “Where—?”
“The investigators handed them back to us,” Mrs. Summer said.  “It’s right that you should have them back.  Only, none of us can unlock them.”
Leon swiped his thumb over his father’s phone screen.  It came alive and he was faced with a prompt for a code.
A code, Leon thought, his gaze straying to the pictures on his father’s desk.  His father’s code would have been…
His gaze stayed on the photo of his parents at the beach.  They day they said he was conceived.  Leon typed in the date into the phone and blinked back the sting of tears when it unlocked.
Leon was not surprised to see a picture of his mother on the phone’s background.  He pulled up the chat they used for family.  There were messages they had sent each other the day before his parents died.  Anastasia had asked for photos of Anselm’s horses.  Leon sent her the horses, stables, Anselm’s parents and even him and David hugging Anselm.
In turn, Anastasia sent him photos of her and Kleo in the kitchen here at the castle.  Leon exited out of the chat wanting to look at those pictures later in private.
A message to Mom from Kleopas caught Leon’s attention, and he opened it to find a pit of darkness.
‘I can’t do it.  It should be Constantin or Gia. That’s how it works, Mom.  Isaak’s faults should not take the mantle from his family.  Don’t make me Crown Prince.  I won’t do that to Leon.’
Leon stood, feeling as though he’d had cold water poured over his head.  He stared at the message unsure what to say.  Leon scrolled up wanting to understand why his Dad had written such a message to his grandmother.  It didn’t make sense.
“I’m sorry, this marks the end of this meeting,” Dax’s voice broke into the haze of panic that filled him.  “I’ll call you to let you know when we can meet again.”
“Your Highness,” Mrs. Summers said, holding out a folder.  “You can read your mother’s will, and then we’ll talk about it later.”
Leon nodded as Dax took the folder she held out.
Dax herded everyone out of the room and when they were gone, Leon started pacing behind his desk.  Leon read the lengthy conversations his father had with Amethea and felt like he had been thrown into the depths.  His heart broke at the thought of his parents murdered over the crown.  They had always supported his grandmother, and Uncle Isaak, always.
“What can I do?” Dax asked.
“I—” Leon stopped, staring at Dax.  “You—”
Leon pressed his palm to his forehead, hoping for a clear thought.  He needed one.  What could he do about this?  What should he do about this?
***
Two days after the funeral, Leon stood in his grandmother’s study trembling with anger.
“You ordered them here thinking to put our family in the line of fire.  I read the messages you sent Dad.  You did this. You wanted to make him Crown Prince and it killed them.”
“Leon.”
“I don’t want any part of it.”  Leon stated, holding up his father’s personal cell phone.  “Dad didn’t want it either.  He told you it would be better to pass on your responsibilities to Constantin or even Gia.  They’re old enough for it.  I’ll abide by his wishes. I'm not even qualified. I like boys, Granny. I'll never hide that fact.”
"Does liking boys make you disabled?" Amethea asked, glaring at him. "Does it make you stupid or unable to work? Why would you say that to me?"
"Granny!  I will not progress the family to the next century is what it means," Leon snapped.
"I'm quite sure you've heard of surrogacy.  The Kingdom of Aeras is quite ahead in the medical field, Leon. I never want to hear that argument again. Insulting yourself insults the thousands of Aeras citizens like you. I will not stand for it."
Leon stared at her for a full minute, and then looked away.
"It doesn't matter. Nothing can change the fact that my parents are dead."
“Leon, you should give me a chance to explain,” Amethea begged her grandson.
Leon shook his head.  He could barely sleep these days without seeing his parents dead in his dreams.  It was just too much to discover that they had died because of The Crown and his grandmother’s decision to make his father King.
“I don’t want anything to do with the palace,” Leon said, facing his grandmother.  “My parents would be alive now if they hadn’t decided to come here.  Someone must have leaked out the reasons why you called them.  This person made their statement clear when they got my parents killed.”
“Leon.”
“It’s the truth, and you know it,” Leon said, grief almost choking him.  “Whatever plot that’s running in this Capital Palace that ended with my parents interred at Thelem Abbey, I don’t want any part of it.  I’m cutting myself off from the palace, as of this moment.”
“You can’t do that,” Amethea said in shock, noting the same stubborn streak in Prince Kleopas rising in his son.  “Leon.”
“I’m sorry, Grandmother.  I will not accept anything from the palace again.  Think of me as a commoner living beyond your sight.  I’ll stay at Castle Arguro because Dad left it to me.  Don’t try to change my mind.  Just do what Dad suggested. Give it to Constantin or Gia.”
“Leon.”
“The pain is too much.  I’m done, Grandmother.” Leon stated, tears filling his eyes as he gave her a short nod and left the private study room.
Leon walked out of the palace with determined steps, not looking back once in his resolve.  Had he turned, he would have seen Queen Amethea watching him with a deep frown on her forehead.
***
“What shall we do now, Ma’am?” Olivier asked, when he joined Queen Amethea in her study.
Amethea watched Leon speed out of the palace.
“It’s the wrong time to discuss anything with him.  Leon is grieving,” Amethea said, clutching the curtain, as she leaned on the wall.  “He loved his parents, Olivier.  This is hard for him.  It’s hard for me, so I understand his anger.  Let’s leave him alone for now.  Find a way to keep Dax by his side.  This is only the beginning.  Tell Commander Steele he owes me an explanation on Kleo and Anastasia.  It should not have happened that way.  I want a thorough investigation with clear evidence.”
"I’ll pass that along right away," Olivier said.
"Leon's going to use his orientation to try to fight my final decision,” Amethea said.
“Aeras Laws are inclusive,” Olivier said.  “He’s free to marry who he wills, Your Majesty.”
“Yes, he is.  Find the guidelines on same-sex marriage for the Royal Family.  There is precedence of surrogacy in the late eighteenth century.  One of the queens could not conceive.  The Royal Diet approved a surrogate for the purposes of the bloodline.  The family historian should have clear records on how that worked.  Liaise with the family doctor and get the groundwork done.  Its old rules but they should work for Leon.  I'll leave him no escape."
“Yes, Ma’am,” Olivier said, and left the room.
Leon’s car disappeared after he left the palace gates.  She hoped he would find someone to soothe his pain before he had to take over the throne.  She knew now that there was no one else to leave it to but Leon.
She did not need an investigation to know that her eldest son, Isaak, had murdered his own brother for her position.
Isaak must have discovered she was pushing the investigation on him.  For that alone, she would make sure Leon was crowned king while she lived.
Leon would not thank her for it.
***

Part Two

7
Four Years Later
They said time healed all troubles.
Logan gave an internal scoff.
In his case, time had aggravated his troubles.  He doubted those who made the time observation had ever faced his brand of troubles.
Dragging on a white t-shirt, Logan ran a negligent towel over his damp hair and dumped it into his duffel bag.  He zipped up his bag and hauled it, leaving the changing rooms.  He walked down a long corridor, turned right at the end and straight into an open plan office.  He dumped the bag on a bench by the entrance, nodding at the men lounging on office chairs around the room.
“Lieutenant Commander Mason.”
They greeted, as he headed to the glass office tucked in the farthest corner and the man holding the door open for him.
“Commander Stevens,” Logan greeted Frank Stevens, as he entered the office and went to take a seat on one of the guest chairs.
“You look better,” Stevens said, closing the door, and pulling the blinds for privacy.  “Better than a few hours ago, I thought we lost you, man.”
“The take-down was touch and go,” Logan said, rolling his shoulders, as he settled in his chair.  He had not slept for forty-eight hours.  His blood still pumping with adrenaline from the intense mission his team had completed in the last few hours.
“Greg Lamar’s compound had enough ammo to bring down an army.  If it weren’t for Shirley’s undercover work, we would not have made it.”
“Her dad was upset she went in so deep,” Stevens sighed, crossing his arms against his chest.  “I had to convince Commander Steele that you would make sure nothing happened to her.  I’m glad you didn’t let me down, Mason.  Everyone is praising your team’s success.  The bust has brought down Greg Lamar.  He is rumored to have strong ties with a powerful enemy gunning for the royal family.  The details remain classified.”
Logan gritted his teeth.
“I can’t believe it’s taken us this long to infiltrate Lamar’s ranks.  I still don’t believe his outfit has religious extremists’ connections.  It felt like a front.  I believe there is someone above Lamar.”
“Commander Steele has the same thoughts,” Stevens said on a sigh.  “He is talking like the mission is incomplete, even as he praises your team.  Analysis has the evidence you collected.  Hopefully, we’ll discover proof of your suspicions in the next few weeks.”
Logan frowned, his thoughts on the reasons why he had taken on this assignment four years ago.  Commander Steele had thrown him into it without much explanation at the time.
It had taken him six months to realize his team was assigned to investigate the people who bombed the car carrying Leon’s parents.  The day he understood the purpose of investigating Greg Lamar, he had thrown himself into the assignment with tunnel vision.
It had taken four years to infiltrate Lamar’s tight ranks, and the last six months to plan a take down and pull Lamar into custody.
Last night, Logan had watched with satisfaction as his team flew in Greg Lamar into this very building for processing.
Greg Lamar was charged with the assassination of Prince Kleopas and Princess Anastasia.  He planted the bomb in their car, and gloated about his accomplishment to Logan in person two months ago, calling it a victory against the enemy.
Logan had wanted to punch his front teeth out because he remembered Leon’s heartbreaking tears.
“Has anyone told His Highness Prince Leon that we have caught the killer?” Logan asked.
If nothing else, he had worked hard to give Leon closure.
Stevens went silent, and then moved away from the door, going to sit in the chair behind his desk.
“That’s right, you haven’t heard, have you?” Stevens asked, settling in his chair.  “Prince Leon walked away from the palace two days after his parents’ funeral.  He made such a fuss when Her Majesty tried to reverse his decision that he threatened to make a public announcement.  She didn’t want that so she backed away.  As a result, the prince has forced Commander Steele to keep an eye on him from a distance.  Prince Leon runs Castle Arguro independent of the palace.  Commander Steele has lived a hard life of providing protection where it is unwanted for four years.”
Logan did not wonder why Leon would make such a decision.
The death of his parents had destroyed Leon.  He remembered every second of that night at the morgue.  Leon crying like the world had ended and his parents so still…so still on those cold slabs.  Logan shook his head to clear the vivid images that remained even after four years.  He could not forget the feel of Leon breaking down in his arms.
“Why does Her Majesty allow Leon to act out like this?” Logan asked, swallowing hard.
“Rumor has it that she’s afraid he might renounce his titles.  She promised him no interference, as long as he kept his silence to the public.  They’ve kept an amicable stalemate for four years.  She summons him to the palace for family occasions.  He refuses to attend, and always provides a viable excuse.  The palace is forced to send out press releases to explain his continued absence.”
Leon had a stubborn streak a mile wide.
“Well, I hope someone lets him know his parents are avenged,” Logan said.
“I’m sure they will,” Stevens said.  “It is all thanks to you and your team.  I’m glad you’re taking the time off.  You deserve it.”
Logan rubbed the back of his neck with his right hand.
“I’m going to head out to my mom’s island for a few days.  I’m sure your team can take over Greg Lamar’s interrogation.  He will be glad to talk to you.  Now that it’s over and he’s caught, he’s going to try to find a way to avoid the worst.”
“Life in a black hole is inevitable for him,” Stevens predicted.  “If he wants leniency, he will have to drop gold in information.”
Logan’s gaze narrowed, thinking that Lamar might choose to keep his silence on who was above him, if only to keep his life.
“Why does Commander Steele believe there is more to Lamar?” Logan asked.
Stevens studied him for a moment.
“I don’t know, but it has something to do with the royal family.  Commander Steele won’t tell me more,” Stevens said, then shrugged.  “I have not pushed for more.  I figure the problem is more complicated than it seems and information is compartmentalized.”
“Hmm,” Logan said, standing up.  He faced Stevens, and smiled.  “Commander Sir, I would like to start my much anticipated leave.”
Stevens waved him to the door.
“Go get some rest, Logan.  I’m sure you’re eager to discover how the business you’ve poured money into is doing.”
“You knew about that?” Logan asked, surprised.
“Hard not to when your business partner reached out to me for clearance applications,” Stevens said.  “You must have made a hell of an impression on Petr Mikhailov when you went on that trip with Prince Leon.  He’s worked hard for you.”
Logan grinned, feeling like he had been caught with his pants down.
“Sir,” Logan started.
“Don’t bother,” Stevens said, shaking his head.  “It’s not easy for us folks when we retire, you know.  Having something to fall back on when you get out is a great idea.  You’re lucky you made good friends with someone like Petr.  He won’t screw you over,” Stevens said.
“Yeah, he said something along the same lines when he bulldozed me into it,” Logan said with a laugh.  “Thank you, Sir.”
Stevens urged him to leave with a nod.
Logan left the office with a salute and decided he would have a talk with Petr before he headed to his mother’s island.  Reclaiming his duffel bag, he headed outside, and went to the huge black truck he liked to use around the Capital City.  Dropping his duffel bag on the passenger seat, he reached into the glove compartment and found his personal cell phone.  He plugged it into the charger and turned it on.
Logan settled in the driver’s seat to check the notifications he set up the last time he left the phone here, a month and a half ago.  He wondered what Stevens would call his obsession with news on Prince Leon.
Every time he talked to Stevens, he commended himself on his act.
Logan had perfected the art of deceiving people that he did not care about Leon and what he did with his life.  He knew Leon’s decision to stay out of palace business.
Petr, David and Riku had detailed it to him.  Leon blamed his grandmother for his parents’ deaths.  He thought the palace was responsible for his parents’ death.  Logan had worried about Leon distancing himself from the palace, had even tried to get Petr and David to talk Leon out of it.  However, Leon’s friends thought it a blessing.  They all thought that as long as Leon was uninvolved in politics, then he would remain safe.
Logan hoped Leon’s friends were right.
The notifications on his phone came in one by one: news articles mostly, with Leon’s name tagged in them, as well as pictures on social with Leon’s face.
He spent the next thirty minutes going through notification messages, smiling when he found a picture of Leon playing with a puppy at a shelter.  The smile on Leon’s face as he held the brown puppy made Logan’s heart ache.
There were tons of pictures with slices of Leon’s life.  He loved these type of photos the most.  Leon working out with a trainer in a gym, or running a marathon for a cause, other times with David in one of the many businesses they owned together.  Logan found his favorite was one of Leon holding up turnips at a farm owned by David’s family.
The last notification came in and Logan scowled.
A picture of Leon at a party held at Leon’s vineyard.  David organized the party to celebrate Leon’s twenty-sixth birthday a month ago.  In the picture, a gorgeous blonde man stood too close to Leon, smiling at the prince with eyes Logan understood all too well.
The caption read, ‘Prince Leon is all smiles next to popular model, Hansen’.
It was obvious to Logan that they knew each other, intimately.
Logan turned off his phone and dropped it on the dashboard.  He dreaded such pictures the most.  The thought of Leon finding solace in another man’s arms hurt.  Wiping a hand down his face, he wondered if he would ever stop this obsession.
What if they never met again?
What if Leon forgot him?
What if…?
****
“We have Greg Lamar in custody, Your Majesty,” Commander Steele reported, watching Queen Amethea pace the length of her desk in her office.  “He’s refused to name the person who hired him.  We’ve tried everything.”
“Everything?” Queen Amethea asked, sparing him a short glance.  “We’re four years into this investigation.  How hard can it be to get Lamar to admit that Isaak hired him?”
“They were careful to never have direct contact,” Commander Steele said.  “We’re combing through Lamar’s financial records hoping to find a connection.  As of now, Lamar’s Regime stands as an extremist religious group.  There is no evidence to connect Lamar with Prince Isaak.”
Amethea stopped pacing, a heavy weight on her shoulders.
She was tired.
The plans she carefully laid out to invest a Crown Prince remained in the vault, untouched.  Isaak’s family remained in a state of impatience to see him invested.  They kept up a veiled act of being her most favored family, even as they lobbied powerful politicians for support.  She could not rest for a second in case they won and left her with no way out.  She needed to save the Kingdom of Aeras from her eldest son.  She shuddered to think what would happen if deadly Isaak became King.
Amethea moved to an armchair and sat facing Commander Steele.  He looked older.  This investigation was hard on him too.  She was well aware of the fact that his daughter had gone undercover to gain them access into Lamar’s Regime.
Lamar’s Regime, the messy group headed by Greg Lamar, the man who bombed her Kleopas’s car.  How cruel the world could be.
“My son is proving a formidable foe,” Amethea said, shaking her head.  “He has found a counterattack for each route we’ve taken.  He has even found a scapegoat for the three murders you presented to me.  The only one he cannot push aside is his first wife’s death, Lady Dora.”
“I still have Lady Dora’s court lady in protective custody.  There have been attempts to reach her, but we’ve managed to keep her safe.  She can stay that way as long as the case is classified,” Commander Steele said, his tone making her narrow her gaze at him.
“What are you thinking?” Amethea asked.
“We’ve been afraid to release the details of Lady Dora’s death,” Commander Steele said.  “This is because we need irrefutable evidence.  We have been unable to get that evidence.  Why don’t we use the media to our advantage?  It will shake Isaak and he might make a mistake.”
“You want to place the witness in the spotlight,” Amethea said, hating the thought of placing an innocent in more danger.
“We don’t have another choice,” Commander Steele said. “At least with this out there, we can draw attention to the problem now.  With Lamar in custody, Isaak won’t be able to retaliate.”
“What about Leon?” Amethea asked, wincing at the thought of her favorite grandson.  “He’ll be in trouble on his own.”
“We’re keeping him in our sights,” Commander Steele assured her.  
“As you did with Kleopas and Ana?” Amethea asked, unable to hide her bitterness.
She missed her son and his wife.  She missed the sense of family they gave her.  She hated the fact that Leon had taken that feeling away with him.  The only person she could blame was Commander Steele.
“Your Majesty,” Commander Steele said, regret in his eyes.  “I promise you, we’re doing the best we can under the circumstances to keep His Highness, Prince Leon, safe.  I do wish he would make it easier, but he does not want us on the castle grounds.”
“Still, your best needs to be exceptional.” Amethea stated, not caring that Leon was being an idiot about getting help from the palace.
His anger toward her annoyed her, even as she understood it.
“Leon is the future of this kingdom,” Amethea said.  “Nothing should happen to him, period.  Make Lady Dora’s case public knowledge.  It will start the conversation on her premature death.  Let the people help us make the decision.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Commander Steele said.
“You and I have conducted an exhausting investigation in four years, culminating in the arrest of a bomber without the main perpetrator.  I don’t want to push this on for another four years, Commander.  This has to end this year.  Release our findings on Lady Dora’s death, and let’s see how far Isaak is willing to take this fight.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
***
Three weeks later, Leon woke to video calls from all his friends.  Still lying in bed, he connected them all on a conference call and hugged his pillow, his eyes closed.
“I’m glad they caught the bomber,” Petr said in greeting.  “I was starting to worry that your intelligence community needs help, Leon.”
“How are you holding up?” Anselm asked, horses neighing in his background.  “Do you need us to visit?”
“I can be free in a week,” Riku said, swiveling his chair from side to side in his office.  “Want me to fly over?”
“I’m not falling apart,” Leon mumbled out, rubbing sleep from his eyes to look at his friends on the screen across his bed.  “Besides, David has me busy.”
“Not true.  You barely show up for the meetings to do with the hotel,” David countered.  “What are you doing up at the vineyard alone?”
“Decanting wine,” Leon said.  “The vintner is tolerating my presence.”
“You mean you’re giving him no choice,” Paul mused, letting out a healthy yawn.  “Your wine is good.  Don’t annoy him enough to run away.”
“I’m quite invested in making his life easier,” Leon said.  “I want us to produce enough wine to sell nationwide, instead of to a select few.”
“And that’s how you deflect a topic,” David announced, drawing Leon’s scowl.  “Leon, you’re refusing to talk about the issue at hand.”
“It’s a non-issue,” Leon stated.  “What does it change?”
Leon sat up on his bed, and pushed hair out of his eyes.
“What does catching the bomber change?” he asked, looking around the master bedroom.
This had once been his parents’ master suite.  The castle’s staff redecorated the room to suit his tastes months after the funeral.  The only things remaining that spoke of his parents were their pictures on an antique dresser in the corner.  Their memory faded by the unrelenting tides of time out there.  He was the only one who remembered their joys, their smiles, their force of life and how they had lived here.  He much preferred those memories, instead of thinking about the bomb that took their lives.
“Catching their murderer won’t bring them back to life,” Leon said, shaking his head.  “Just dredge up memories I’d rather forget.”
“I’m flying out next week,” Riku stated.
“Don’t come, Riku,” Leon said, with a sigh.  “I’m fine, I promise.  We’re quite busy anyway, David and I.  The hotel is opening soon.  We’re just waiting for inspections.”
“Yeah,” David supported him.  “We can meet next month as planned.”
“Are you sure?” Petr asked, his gaze narrowed, “I mean, if you want me to put an end to this Lamar…”
Petr trailed off.  He was a powerful man of business, taking over from his father.  Leon was sure Petr would get anything he wanted done.
“Don’t interfere,” Leon ordered, afraid Petr might put out a hit on Lamar on his behalf.  Petr was not above such a decision.
Riku chuckled.
“Petr, stop scaring our dear prince,” Riku said.
“Come back to our home.  You promised to live with me,” Petr told Riku.  “You don’t need to work, Riku.  You’re driving me crazy.”
Leon chuckled, amused by the endless cycles in Petr and Riku’s relationship.  
“How is Genevieve?” Riku asked.
“Getting married, baby,” Petr said.
“Again, to another man,” Petr added.  “When will you forgive me for looking at her?”
“When I’ve punished you enough,” Riku said, a note of irritation rising.
“I was sleeping before you called,” Leon interrupted the lovers.
“Sleep is overrated,” Paul said.  “I’m curious, Leon.  I heard your Uncle Isaak is having a hell of a time because of evidence that his first wife was murdered.  What happens to the seat of power?”
Leon cursed and got out of bed.  He reached for his robe refusing to think of the growing conspiracies in the palace.  He was certain his grandmother released the story running about Lady Dora dying of poison.  Which meant she was setting a trap.
“Uncle’s kids will take over, if necessary,” Leon said, repeating what he told his grandmother four years ago.
“Are you sure?” Anselm asked, skeptical.
“If they can’t trust Prince Isaak to take over, then they’ll definitely not choose Constantin,” Petr said.  “Are you sure you can escape this?”
“I’m already managing it.  It’s been four years since I set foot in court,” Leon said, tying the robe belt around his waist.  “Stop worrying, guys.  If Constantin won’t take it, then Gia will.  I’m not planning on taking on more trouble into my life.”
A general silence filled the room, and Leon stared at his friends’ skeptical faces.
“If you’re done worrying, can I end the call?” Leon asked.  “I should go run now after you woke me up so early.”
“Well, if you’re fine, then I’m good,” Paul said.  “I have a vet coming in, so I’ll be going first.  Call me, Leon, if you need to talk.”
“Thanks, Paul.”  Leon nodded, and then Paul's face disappeared off the screen.
“I’m in Paris this coming week,” Petr said.  “I can stop over for the hotel opening, though I might be a day late.  Keep me posted.”
“Sure, Petr,” Leon agreed, knowing it was useless to argue with Petr.
Petr’s screen went dark, leaving Riku, David and Anselm.
“I’m not buying that you’re fine,” Riku stated.  “I’ll call you when I don’t have a looming meeting, Leon.  Answer my questions then.”
“Forgive Petr already.  He’s dying to marry you,” Leon said.
“Fat chance,” Riku ended his call.
“How’s Starbust?” Anselm asked Leon.
“Doing well,” Leon said with a smile, thinking of the stallion Anselm had given him for his birthday.  “I’m taking him out on a ride today.”
“I’m glad you two are getting along,” Anselm said.  “Don’t forget to keep me updated on him.”
“I’ll call,” Leon promised, knowing he would send pictures of Starburst to Anselm by end of day.
Anselm ended his call leaving David.
“I’ll be seeing you later this morning,” David said.  “We can have coffee and talk.”
Leon wished he could escape David’s knowing gaze, but they were business partners.  There was no escaping David’s concern.  He decided to put on his best smile and waved at David as he ended their call.
Alone in the master bedroom, Leon looked around the elegant room and wondered why he only felt a hollow in his heart.  He should have felt happy that they caught the man who had set the bomb that killed his parents.  He should have felt relieved but instead, all he felt was numb.
Untouched, like an iceberg in winter, frozen, always so frozen.
****
Three weeks after the conference call with his friends, Leon rode Starburst into the woods surrounding Castle Arguro.
It was a pleasant Tuesday morning.
Leon had no pressing commitments and wanted to take Starburst for a run for the day.  He held the stallion’s reins, enjoying the morning, the ride, and the lush wildness of Arguro Forest.  It was a great escape from the pressures of daily life.  His thoughts were blissfully blank, as he navigated the paths in the forest.
Then, the thud of a bullet hitting a tree too close startled the black thoroughbred stallion into a hard run.  Leon swallowed bile and leaned over his horse, gripping his reins to keep control of Starburst, as they raced through the wild forests surrounding his home.  A second shot sent birds flying from the branches.
A harsh hiss left his lips when he felt a painful sting on his right upper arm.
Leon leaned lower on his horse not daring a glance back.
Starburst ran fast, scared and unsettled.
Leon needed all his wits to keep him in control.
He thanked their luck as Starburst emerged from the forest and onto an open field a minute later.  The horse kept up his fast pace, heading to the safety of Castle Arguro’s stables.  When they were halfway there, Leon turned back thinking he would see his assailant.  His heart thudded in his chest when he saw no one standing at the tree line aiming a gun at him.  It was almost as though he had imagined the gunshots.
Starburst slowed down when they were closer to familiar territory.
Leon brought him to a stop outside the stables and jumped off the saddle with a wince.  Pain lanced up his right upper arm, blood dripping down his shirtsleeve.
The stable master who came to take Starburst gave a short gasp, taking the reins from Leon.
“Your Highness, you’re bleeding!” Marc said.
Leon glanced at his right arm with a grimace.  The bullet had grazed him hard and left a deep furrow that dripped blood down his arm.  It stung.  The next few days would be uncomfortable.
“Your Highness!”  Dax came running from inside the stable, horror clear in his eyes.  “Oh God, how did this happen?”
“Don’t start with me,” Leon said, turning away from Dax intent on running away.
Dax grew up in the service of the main royal family.  He knew the rules and regulations of running a palace front and back.  When he moved to Castle Arguro four years ago, those rules and regulations remained with him.
They were a constant source of frustration for Leon.
Having grown up wild and unchecked, Leon often chafed under Dax’s constant attention.  The man took everything that happened to Leon too seriously.
Four years of Dax and Leon still had not found a middle ground with the thirty-one year old attendant.  Dax’s concern seemed to deepen with time.
“Stop,” Dax ordered, running around Leon to stay his progress to the castle.
Dax’s gentle hands took Leon’s right arm.
Leon winced when Dax ripped the hole on his right sleeve wider.
Dax’s gaze narrowed as he studied the angry bleeding gouge.  A soft hiss escaped Dax when he recognized what had injured Leon.  Meeting Leon’s gaze, Dax let go of Leon’s arm and took a step back.
“It’s time to report this.” Dax stated.  His tone enough to tell Leon there was no arguing.  “These are no longer accidents.”
Leon let a heavy sigh escape.
Unable to refute Dax, he thought back on the last three weeks.
Two weeks ago, his yacht had blown up minutes before Leon boarded.  A week ago, the tires on his favorite Ferrari blew on a particularly scary stretch of curved road on his way home.  Now there was a stray bullet in Arguro Forest.
Three accidents in the space of three weeks was no longer a coincidence.
“Someone is trying to kill you, Prince Leon,” Dax said, his eyes wide with worry.
Leon’s gaze shifted to the castle beyond the stables, an uneasy feeling brewing deep inside him.
Leon had called Castle Arguro home for twenty-six years.
Arguro was his parents’ home first.
When they died, he became Castle Arguro’s master.  Four years after their funeral, he now looked forward to living a quiet life in this place.  Content to focus his extensive resources on businesses and the charities his parents founded and supported.  He wanted no political power or official duties from the Kingdom’s Palace.
He wished to live like a forgotten prince.
With that goal in mind, Leon never ventured into the royal court, or involved himself in the constant running intrigues that ruled the Kingdom’s seat of power.  He was fourth in line to the throne, and hoped to become twentieth.  If only his cousins would marry and give birth, as expected, ensuring his freedom.
Now, with the new scandal tying Prince Isaak to the possible murder of his first wife, his number had gone up a notch.  Leon wished daily that his grandmother would name Constantin or Gia Crown Heir soon.
It would save him so much thinking and worry.
Leon looked at Dax, a deep frown furrowing his forehead.
“Do not go running to grandmother’s officials with this.  Use Castle Arguro’s resources first.  Reach out to private security firms and keep our inquiry discrete,” Leon warned, when Dax smiled with triumph.  “They may handle security around the castle until we find the culprit.  I’m quite sure there is no need to alarm the palace over this.  It could be an annoyed business associate.  There are investments we turned down for the hotel.  It might be one of them.”
Dax nodded, looking pleased now that Leon was putting importance to the incident.
“I’ll take care of it.  Now, let’s get you inside and see to your arm.  It annoys me to see your blood staining the grass.”
Leon gave the wound on his right arm a wary glance.  He still couldn’t believe someone had gotten close enough to graze his arm with a bullet.
***
In the master suite, Leon took a quick shower and then allowed Dax to tend his wound.  He popped a painkiller and hoped the pain would not make his life too hard.
His wound covered, Leon changed into casual clothes and sandals.
Leon left his bedroom and went into his study to get his phone.  He found a message from David asking why he missed a meeting at their usual club.
Leon dialed David’s number.
“I got caught up at Castle Arguro,” Leon said.  “How did it go?”
“The hotel passed inspections.  I got the call yesterday,” David said.  “The staff is busy making preparations for the opening tomorrow.  I know you don’t like the ceremony, but this one will need your presence.  We need a bulging intake to remain in the black.”
Leon thought about the gunshot in the woods.  He worried his attacker might take a shot at him in public.  Still, the new hotel was important.  David had worked hard to get it finished.
“Come on, Leon.”
Leon smiled.
He could never say no to David.
“Alright,” Leon caved.  “Send the details to Dax.  He’ll work the schedule.”
“Thank you,” David said, sounding relieved.  “When you can get away, come over to my place.  I have a small party.  I invited Hansen. You like him, don’t you?”
Hansen was a handsome twenty-one year old model Leon had met at a party a year ago.  He was pretty to look at and he made Leon laugh.  Sad thing was Hansen liked to make other men of power laugh too.  Hansen was great fun but Leon knew to stay away from such trouble.
As though sensing his withdrawal, Hansen had started an annoying game of trying to remain Leon’s exclusive.  Leon did not want any part in that game so he was now avoiding Hansen when he could.
Leon went down the stairs from the second floor, heading to his main office on the castle’s ground floor.
“I’ll have to think about your party offer,” Leon told David.
“Hmm…okay.  You sound off today.  Is everything okay?” David asked.
“Yeah,” Leon said.
David paused, and then sighed.
“Call me when you want to share.  I’m a great listener.”
David knew him too well, because of that, Leon would need to work extra hard not to involve him in his new developing dangerous saga.
“Thanks, David.”
Leon ended the call and slid his phone into his pocket.  He paused when he reached the final step and saw his cousin, Gia, walking down the long hallway from the main entrance toward him.
“Leon.”
Gia raised her hand in greeting.
The two royal guards behind her were enough to make Leon cringe.  They even followed Gia into the bathroom.  God was he glad to be free of that kind of scrutiny.
“Gia,” Leon said, changing direction to meet her.
He accepted her light kiss on his cheek and took her right hand when she offered it in greeting.
“What brings you to Castle Arguro?”
“Can’t I visit my cousin because I miss him?” Gia asked, allowing him to lead her to a quiet sunroom to his right.
The royal guards stopped at the doors.
Leon waited for Gia to settle into an armchair before he sat opposite her on the couch.
Leon smiled at her when she studied him, her green gaze critical.
“You look…wild.”
Leon nodded.  His casual wear was unheard of in Gia’s world of rules and regulations.  Anyone living in the palace remained put together, never uninhibited and rough to the public eye.
“You look elegant as always,” Leon complimented.
“Still a charmer,” Gia said, awarding him a gorgeous smile.  “I miss you, Leon.  I wish you would visit the palace more often.”
Leon shrugged.
“I visit grandmother in her private residence when she insists.”
Gia studied him, her gaze hard to read.  She folded her hands on her lap, looking prim and proper.
“I’m on the way to a Navy Women Association meeting,” Gia said, glancing at the delicate watch on her wrist.  “I don’t have much time.”
Leon nodded in understanding.
“Leon, there is strife in the palace,” Gia said, “and it could spill over to Castle Arguro.  I only wanted to warn you, and ask you to stay away from the palace.  If you could refuse grandmother’s summons, as you often do?”
Leon kept his expression blank.
Truth was he never refused his grandmother’s summons.  Others might think he did, but he always found a way to meet her when she asked.  He had promised her that he would remain uninvolved with the palace, but she was still his grandmother.  He could not ignore her when they shared a tragedy.
This request was unusual for Gia.
She had never bothered to ask him to ignore a summons.
Leon smiled, shrugging his shoulders.
“You know me,” Leon said.  “I’m too busy managing business, the vineyard and others.  Castle Arguro remains an island in the kingdom’s politics.”
Gia smiled making Leon wish he knew her better.  Gia got up and came around the small coffee table to where he sat.  She leaned down and kissed his cheek, brushing a strand of his hair behind his ear.  She then straightened to her full height and ran an elegant hand down the green skirt suit she wore.
“I love you more every time we talk.  I wish I could have the simplicity of the life you lead.  Let’s do lunch one of these days.  I heard you’re opening a restaurant in the new hotel by the beach.  I’ll show up for the opening if you like.”
Leon nodded, watching Gia pick up her purse from the armchair.
“Well, sorry to take up your time,” Gia said, ready to leave now that she was done.  “I have to go, Cousin.”
“Have a great meeting,” Leon said, sitting back on the couch.
Gia gave him a last glance and then left the sunroom in a brisk walk.
Leon sat on the couch, his thoughts lingering on his grandmother.
She had so many wanting a touch of power in the palace.  It could not be easy for her dealing with it alone.
Leon was named after Queen Amethea’s husband, King Leon Raphael Maximillian.  He died of cancer when Leon was one-year-old.  Amethea still mourned her husband hard as she loved him dearly.
Leon often hoped to find a love as beautiful as his grandmother’s for his grandfather.
Thinking of it now, his parents had had a pure love too.
Leon had only come close to finding that kind of love once.
His heart ached at the memory of Seville.  The budding love that disappeared on him, as quickly as it appeared.  He thought of Logan Mason often.  He wondered what had become of him but never dared look into it.  He did not want to discover that Logan had found another man to call his own.
That would hurt too much.
Still, Leon could not help hoping to find that solid love one day.  He wanted a man to love him without reservation and condition.  He wanted a better love than what Gia’s father had for his current wife.
Those two had married for power and status, Leon sighed.
His uncle, Prince Isaak, the royal first born and presumed heir, first married a commoner, Doris.  Doris then died after giving birth to their son, Constantin.  Prince Isaak then took on marriage to the noble Lady Erika, Gia’s mother.
Prince Isaak and his second wife, Princess Erika, lived in the palace with their two children, Constantin and Gia.  They were not an easy family.  They remained very protective of the succession line.
Leon was aware of the fact that they kept a clear distance from him to solidify this gap.  He didn’t mind it, and wished Gia would stay away from him like her half-brother, Constantin.
It would make his life easier.
Leon wanted to keep his father’s stance on the palace.  It was better to keep away from the political whirlwind.  Interference with palace politics brought misfortune.  
Leon knew well the pain of such misfortune.  His parents were dead.  Their tragic deaths taught him it was better to live a quiet life, so he did, with selfish determination despite his grandmother’s many attempts to draw him in to fight for the throne.
In terms of succession, Isaak was first in line, followed by Constantin, then Gia, and Leon came last.  That fourth number gave him more stress than he wanted.
Gia and Constantin needed to marry fast and get kids, Leon thought again with a scowl.  Maybe then, Gia’s visits to his castle would end.
Leon sighed and reached into his pocket for his phone.  He called David and smiled when his best friend answered on the second ring.
“I’ve changed my mind about that party,” Leon said, deciding he needed a distraction.  “Keep Hansen out and I’ll come over.”
“It’s done,” David said.
***
“I heard one of your teams was exceptional in Bangkok,” David said, pacing the hallway as he talked on the phone.  “Monarch Security has grown, Logan.  Congratulations on running an international outfit.”
Logan chuckled on the other end.
“I’ve only managed it because of your help and Petr’s, of course.  He asked for a team to watch over Riku, I had to send one.”
“They’re both pleased,” David agreed.  “Anselm says you sent him three men for his site job off the Andalusian Coast.”
“He can’t take more than three men anyway.  He’s negotiating mining rights and the job is delicate,” Logan said.  “I’m lucky my business manager is so competent, otherwise this company would end as fast as it started.”
“We’d never let that happen,” David assured Logan.
The five of them had a vested interest in seeing Logan prosper.  
Logan went silent for a moment, and then asked, “How is he doing?”
David smiled.
It was always the same question whenever Logan called.  They talked business and then Logan asked for updates on Leon.  The asking wasn’t easy on Logan at first, but now, David wished he could push Leon back into Logan’s arms in some way.
“He’ll be at the hotel opening ceremony tomorrow,” David said.  “You could attend.  You’re no longer restricted by clearance levels, Logan.  You’ve earned the right to meet Leon at any time you wish.”
“I don’t think he wants to see me,” Logan said.  “He seems happy.”
“Does he?” David asked, looking up when the front door of his house opened to admit Leon.
Sadie, David’s girlfriend of three years, met Leon at the door.  She accepted a kiss on her cheek from Leon who looked subdued this evening.
David searched Leon’s handsome face wondering what it was that was off about him, but he could not place it.  Instead, he read the same old sadness that Leon had worn for four years now.  It was like a heavy shroud resting on Leon’s shoulders.
“I saw pictures of him at a party you threw at his vineyard—,” Logan started then broke off.
“You really mustn’t trust everything you read in the papers,” David said, waving at Leon who glanced at him with a raised brow.  “I wish you would take the risk and meet him again.”
“I’ll find a way, David,” Logan said.  “I’m afraid if we casually met, we’d both find a way to run away. I want it to be that if we’re to meet again, none of us will have an escape route.  It’s the only way it will work.”
David sighed.
“You’re both idiots,” David said, shaking his head.
“Me, more than him,” Logan agreed.  “I have to go.  I’m busy with something.”
“Sure,” David said.  “Take care of yourself.”
“You too,” Logan said, and ended the call.
David sighed and went to the living room to find Leon perched on a stool sipping on wine.
“You came,” David said, accepting a drink from Sadie.
“Not much of a party,” Leon teased, looking around the empty living room.  “Is it just you and Sadie?”
“You’re the one who showed up too early,” David chuckled, settling on the couch.
Sadie joined him, cuddling into him.
“Leon, you cancelled Hansen, how could we keep the party on?” Sadie asked, with a small laugh.  “Besides, a quiet dinner with you is much better.”
Leon shrugged and moved to settle in an armchair.
“Who was on the phone?” Leon asked David.
“Last minute opening ceremony plans to get through,” David lied smoothly.  “You might end up with a very full day tomorrow.  I called Dax a dozen times since we talked.”
Leon sipped his wine.
“Busy is good.”
“Is it?” David glanced at Sadie, raising his brow at his best friend’s attitude.  “You should take a vacation.”
Leon chuckled shaking his head at the idea.
David imagined his best friend did not want to entertain the thought of being alone at a travel destination.  Leon had not forgotten their whirlwind trip across Europe.
“Why don’t you, David?” Leon asked, hoping to shift attention away.  “Sadie, make him give you a wedding and a spectacular honeymoon.”
“Now we’re talking,” Sadie said, playing along with Leon.  “David, listen to Leon.”
David laughed, knowing Sadie was the one with cold feet in their relationship.  He liked that Leon loved Sadie enough to accept her place in David’s life.  It was nice to see his best friend and lover getting along.
David wondered if he shouldn’t tell Leon about Logan asking about him.
Was it cruel to stay silent?
Would it be worse to tell Leon and watch him worry about why Logan kept away from him?
David frowned.  He didn’t know what was best.
Leon and Sadie started teasing each other, and when Leon laughed, David decided he would leave it all to fate.  It might not be his place to push Leon and Logan back together.
***
Off the coast, on a small island owned by the Kingdom of Aeras, Logan hammered the last nail into the floor of the newly built porch around his family beach house.  Wiping the wood surface to clean out dust, Logan stepped back to admire his work.  The wraparound porch looked good.  His mother would be proud of the addition.  She always wanted the porch around the old house.
Logan had no time to build it as he grew his career in the Royal Navy.  Now, at twenty-eight, his career secure and his finances stable, he could build the porch comfortably.
The sad part in this moment was that his mother was no longer with him.
Gabriella Mason had passed away after a harsh bout of pneumonia two and a half years ago.  It had hurt to lose her.  Her memory filled his thoughts, and his heart.  He missed her and her zest for life.
Logan maintained the beach house in her memory to feel close to her.  He was glad to have finished the porch after trying to get it done for so long.
“You’d love it, Mom,” Logan murmured, sitting on the steps and reaching for a beer from the cooler beside him.  He drank deep, his gaze on the water churning on the white sandy shores below.  “The view from the porch is beautiful, just like you thought it would be.”
Logan loved it here.  It was nothing but peace and quiet, away from the daily modern hassles of life on the mainland.  He imagined spending his life here often.  He hoped to share the beach house in the future with the right partner, if he got lucky.
‘You’ll get lucky,’ his mother would say.  ‘You can watch the stars paint the night sky with him.  Your father used to bring me here to do that.  That’s how we ended up with you.’
Logan smiled at the memory.
Gabriella Mason had loved telling him of the love she cherished with his father.  Their love made him envious.  He had hoped to meet a man he could share that kind of bond with too.
He came close with Leon.
Logan pressed his palm on his chest, the vault doors in his heart shaking loose.  He doubted anything would ever top that love in Seville.  Instead of finding a way to survive and find an ordinary love, he tortured himself by asking for Leon updates from David.  He liked to think Leon would love this wild island too.
“Mom,” Logan murmured.  “If I get lucky and he returns to me, he and I might not make a kid, but we’ll damn sure try under the magical skies.”
Logan laughed at his own thoughts and sat back on the steps to watch the sun slide down on the horizon.  He loved off days most.  He was on his fourth beer when the satellite phone he used out here buzzed on the worktable behind him.
***

8
Dressed in his service khakis, Logan followed Commander Stevens into a private meeting room at the Aeras Naval Base.  A comfortable room set up for private conversation with four leather armchairs and a single door, no windows and the vents secured.
Logan waited for his Commander to sit before he followed suit, taking the chair next to his boss.
“Sir?” Logan started to ask.
“I’m sorry to cut your leave short, Logan,” Stevens said, his voice laced with tension.  “Orders came in from Commander Steele.  He wants to meet.  That’s the extent of the request.”
“Understood,” Logan nodded, settling in for the wait.
The door opened ten minutes later and Commander Stevens shot to his feet.
Logan followed suit, lifting his hand in salute when he recognized the gray-haired woman who walked in first.  Commander Steele closed the door on the men following them.
“Is the room secure?” she asked.
“The room is secure, Your Majesty,” Stevens said.
“Good.”  Queen Amethea glanced at Logan before she moved to sit in the armchair opposite Commander Stevens.  “Do sit gentlemen.”
Logan sat last being the lowest ranked in the room.  Adrenaline coursed through his veins.  The last time he had seen Her Majesty, Queen Amethea, this close was at the funeral when she was hugging Leon.  He only saw her in ceremonies that required her presence, always from a distance and way out of reach.
He could never forget that she was the Kingdom’s beloved monarch and grandmother to a man he dared love.
“We apologize for the late night meeting, Lieutenant-Commander Logan Mason,” Queen Amethea said, her gaze on him.
Logan stood, half-shocked that she knew his name and his rank.
“I’m at your service, Your Majesty,” Logan said.
“Be at ease, Lt. Commander,” Queen Amethea waved him down, glancing at Commander Steele who sat in the chair beside hers.  “We have a long conversation ahead.  Commander Stevens tells us that your team is the best in the business.”
Logan sat straight, glancing at Stevens for a second before he answered.
“My team works hard,” Logan answered.  “They all returned from a hard mission and are taking time off.”
“Yes, that mission was very successful.  Your efforts brought the man who murdered my beloved son and his wife to justice.  I wanted to thank you in person, Lt. Commander, for your hard work,” Queen Amethea said with a small nod.  “Then, seek your help.”
Logan met her steely gaze.  He wished he could confess that he had done it for Leon.  To ease the pain he had watched Leon suffer at the loss of his parents.  He wondered what Queen Amethea would say to that.  She held his gaze for a full minute and then nodded in approval when he held hers without looking away.
“I am at your service, Your Majesty,” Logan responded to her statement, meaning it.
“I’ll get straight to the point,” Queen Amethea said, rolling her shoulders as she looked to Commander Stevens.  “My grandson’s life is in danger.”
Fear gripped Logan’s lungs, thinking of Leon in an instant, even knowing that the Queen had two grandsons.
It could be the grandson from the heir apparent: Prince Constantin.
Everyone called Prince Constantin the volatile beast.
Constantin was the poster child of all vices.  Gambling was his favorite past time.  Lady luck seemed to have long abandoned him after birth.  Prince Constantin never won any of his bets, and the running joke was that tax payers worked to repay his debts.  Every sane citizen worried for when he would take over the throne.
Logan imagined Constantin would be the one who got himself in trouble.  After all, Leon was living a quiet life, and he had his friends.  Logan had talked to Petr last night and David earlier in the day. They would have both told him if there was a problem.
“Leon is in trouble,” Queen Amethea said.
Logan’s heart dropped and he focused his full attention on the Queen.
“He lives a quiet life at Castle Arguro,” Queen Amethea continued, worry clear in her eyes.  “He has stayed out of court politics, and refuses to engage in matters that touch on legislation.  His choices, while noble, have placed him in a dangerous position of easy access.”
“Two weeks ago, his attendant approached us with security concerns,” Queen Amethea said.  “Leon’s yacht blew to pieces right before he boarded it for a short trip along the Ionian Coast.  The authorities did their investigations and ruled the explosion an accident.  Investigators said that an electric shot in the galley caused a fire that led to the explosion.  The chef was caught in the blast, no one could ask him.”
Queen Amethea broke off and stared at her gloved hands resting on her lap.  It upset her to talk of Leon in trouble.  She clenched her hands and Logan realized she was approaching them as a parent might and not as the Kingdom’s ruler.  He glanced at Commander Steele, noting his judgment was right.
“A week later, the tires on Leon’s favorite sports car burst into pieces on the steep curve on Sheep Hill road on his way home to Castle Arguro.  The skills he learned in an intensive driving class his parents put him through saved him.  The authorities called it wear and tear on the tires, but that is impossible. Castle Arguro’s staff does proper maintenance of all Leon’s vehicles like clockwork.”
“Does Your Majesty have any suspects?” Logan asked, clenching his own hands on his lap to keep from running out to go find Leon.
How was Leon dealing with such a big problem?
Why had he not shared it with Petr or even David?  Surely, one of them would have called him if they knew.
“No,” Queen Amethea said, though her guarded gaze told Logan a different story.
She had suspicions.  She was not comfortable naming them here.
Logan looked to Commander Steele, his gaze narrowed when he saw Commander Steele shift his gaze to the floor.  They knew who might be responsible for this.
The fear gripping Logan’s heart grew deeper.
“It pains me to confess that I’m frustrated with Leon’s need to keep the troubles in his life from me,” Queen Amethea said.  “We’re lucky that the palace trained his attendant.  When there is trouble, Dax keeps me updated.  Dax has been useful these past weeks.”
Queen Amethea stared at her hands for a moment, and then continued.
“Dax is responsible for following up on these incidents with the authorities.  He can only go so far once Leon accepts the investigators ruling and the cases are closed.  Dax reached out to me out of duty and worry.  If Leon discovers Dax has told me the truth, Dax will no longer have a place at Castle Arguro.”
“Why?” Logan asked, needing confirmation of what Petr and David had told him about Leon.
Commander Stevens gave him a censuring glance, but Logan was beyond caring about protocol.
“Leon believes his parents died because of the crown,” Queen Amethea said.  “He has vowed never to have any dealings with the palace.  For four years, he has kept true to his word, living on his own, depending on himself.  After the news this afternoon, I say enough is enough.”
“What news?” Commander Stevens asked, before Logan could.
“Dax called to report gunshots fired in the forest surrounding Castle Arguro.  Leon loves riding and took out his stallion for a mid-morning ride.  The Arguro Forest has paths perfect for horse riding,” Queen Amethea said, her voice heavy with memories.  “Leon escaped the attempt on his life with a bullet scrape on his right arm.  He can no longer ignore this danger, Commander Stevens, neither can the palace.”
“Castle Arguro might not be the palace, but it is still a fortress,” Logan pointed out, knowing how much Leon loved riding.  How cruel for someone to try to spoil that for him.  “The culprit has to have authorized access onto the grounds.”
“Your thinking is the same as Dax,” Queen Amethea said, her gaze full of approval.  “However, your current challenge is not in working to capture the culprit.  The challenge lies in convincing Leon to take assistance from me.”
“How can we help, Your Majesty?” Commander Stevens asked.
“Prince Leon must be protected.  He will not take help from the palace.  The crown is turning to you for assistance.  We are asking what we can do to help him.”
Logan leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees, angry with Leon.
How could Leon isolate himself from anyone who could help him this way?  Had the loss of his parents changed him so much?  Had Logan leaving done this to Leon?
Damn it!
Three attempts on a prince’s life meant someone had a growing need to see Leon dead.  It could be political, a business deal gone wrong or a personal vendetta.  Either way, royal blood was not easy to spill.  A culprit unafraid of messing with highborn blood made this dangerous.
Just like with Lamar and the bomb he exploded killing Leon’s parents.
“This Dax,” Logan said, already committed.  “Can he get our team into Castle Arguro without trouble?”
Queen Amethea narrowed her gaze at him, and then she reached for her phone and dialed a number.  She set the call to hands free and placed the phone on the small table between them.  Dax answered after two rings.
“Your Majesty,” a hushed voice said.
“Dax, we wish to consult with you,” Queen Amethea said.
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
Queen Amethea glanced at Logan, giving him a nod.
“Dax, my name is Lieutenant Commander Mason.  I would like to ask you a few questions.  Is that alright?”
“Of course,” Dax said, his voice getting clearer.
Logan glanced at Commander Stevens before he continued.
“What happened after the attempt on Prince Leon’s life today?” Logan asked, needing to know what Leon was thinking.  He must be worried not to have confided to David, or even Petr.  “Did Prince Leon ask you to secure the castle?”
“Yes, though His Highness was explicit about not involving the palace.  I’m worried there will be more attempts on his life.  I reached out to Her Majesty for assistance.  Prince Leon’s life is more precious than he thinks.  I don’t want to invite a security firm into the castle that does not understand our position.”
“How soon does Prince Leon want the new security firm in place?” Logan asked.
“I placed the time limit,” Dax confessed.  “You see, His Highness has agreed to attend the opening ceremony at the Anastasia Grand Hotel tomorrow.  I’m hoping he can take them with him.  Our site staff is no longer qualified to offer the kind of protection he needs.”
“Thank you, Dax,” Logan said, giving Commander Stevens a knowing look.  “Oh, one more thing, how well does Prince Leon take your recommendations?”
Dax chuckled.
“I’m not sure His Highness takes too well to my recommendations.  However, he does accept any options unrelated to the palace without a fight.”
Logan thanked Dax and watched Queen Amethea end the call.  She slid her phone into her coat and glanced at him expectantly.  He smiled, happy to meet another person who loved Leon as much as he did.
“We’re in luck, Your Majesty,” Commander Stevens said with a smile.  “Lt. Commander Mason has a business setup that allows us to take on this mission.  His team can take on the job as a private outfit under the guise of a company named Monarch Security.  They have the clearances to run security for Castle Arguro.  The security firm has been around for just over three years, which should come in handy if Prince Leon gets curious and asks for the firm’s history.  Once cleared to work at Castle Arguro, Lt. Commander Mason and his team will have direct contact with Prince Leon.”
“When we get in,” Logan said, all of a sudden grateful for Petr, that he promised himself to buy Petr a gift to be decided later.  “We’ll be able to assess the situation and keep Her Majesty updated on progress via command.”
“May I ask for a guarantee that my grandson will not come to harm?” Queen Amethea asked, her gaze pleading.  “Losing his parents was hard enough.  I cannot lose him.”
“I promise to do my job to the best of my ability, Your Majesty,” Logan said, knowing never to give outright guarantees, although he wanted to.
He didn’t think it would be appropriate to pledge his life for Leon’s in front of his bosses.  None of them knew about his relationship with Leon.
“You’ve protected Leon before,” Commander Steele pointed out.  “Seeing you could get the team kicked out.”
Logan nodded, noting Queen Amethea’s surprised look at this information.
“Yes, I was responsible for Prince Leon’s safety for the six months he spent away from home,” Logan said, meeting Queen Amethea’s gaze.  “I made friends with his companions, David and Petr.  They’ve assisted in the running of Monarch Security.  They’ll vouch that I’m running the security firm in a private capacity.”
Logan prayed that Leon would accept his presence without fuss.
Queen Amethea studied him for a moment in complete silence, and then she stood up.
Logan stood too, followed by Commanders Stevens and Steele.
“We charge you with ensuring Prince Leon’s safety.  Obtain his safety by any means necessary.  You’re to arrest any individual attempting to bring harm to Prince Leon Maximilian, and prosecute the perpetrator under the full extent of law.  Do you accept this order, Lieutenant Commander Mason?”
“I do, Your Majesty,” Logan said.
Queen Amethea held out her hand to Logan and he took it quickly, careful not to squeeze too hard.  She handed him an old silver key, and Logan froze when her delicate gloved hands wrapped around his wrist.  He looked up to meet keen green eyes that seemed to look deep inside him.
“If Leon trusts you, you’ll know what door that key opens soon enough.  Do you understand the importance of this mission?” Queen Amethea asked.
Logan nodded.
“Her Majesty is entrusting her grandson into my care.”
Queen Amethea squeezed his wrist.
“No one outside your unit or your command, Stevens, can know about this order,” Queen Amethea warned.  “Not the royal family or the men and women in their service.  Not even Dax who is responsible for Prince Leon.  Do you understand?”
Logan suppressed his frown.
There was more to this order.  Something the Queen was keeping very close.
“Understood, Your Majesty,” Logan said, echoed by Commander Stevens.
Queen Amethea let go of Logan’s wrist.
“This meeting never happened,” she said.
Queen Amethea left the room as fast as she had appeared leaving Logan staring at the silver key on his palm.  The only proof that he had, this night, received a direct command from Her Majesty, the Queen of Aeras, Amethea Maximillian. 
The burden of her order settled on his shoulders like a ton of bricks.
***
Wednesday morning, Leon woke with the birds.  He loved the early morning.  Crisp air cleared his head as nothing else could.  Castle Arguro grounds were beautiful in the sunrise.  Leon ran along a cobbled path behind the castle that would take him around the front gardens, and then he kept running reaching behind the castle again, and entering a track field he used for exercise routines.
Earphones in his ears, music loud with the hood of his jacket over his head, Leon kept up an easy pace, enjoying his morning run.  He passed the great oak growing in the driveway, his thoughts on the event at the hotel later.  He needed to meet with the hotel’s management before the ceremony.  So, most of his time would be spent at the hotel today.
Leon hoped Gia would forget her promise to attend.  Her kind of security would bog down the event and add too many logistics for his staff.  Plus, he didn’t like his extended family meddling in the hotel’s business.  It made it harder to keep things separate.
When Leon made it to the track field, he pushed thoughts of Gia aside and concentrated on finishing his morning workout.  An hour later, he entered the castle in high spirits and ran up the stairs to his bedroom to get ready for his day.
Dax set up breakfast in a small dining room Leon loved with a view of the back gardens.  Dax placed the folder with Monarch Security details on the table and patted it with a hopeful sigh.
Leon entered the dining room ten minutes later looking handsome in white trousers and shirt, his tailored summer blazer a marine blue.
Dax gave him a critical glance and nodded in approval.  He had chosen the clothes for the morning hours.  The marine blue brought out Leon’s gray eyes perfectly.  He made a note to talk to Leon’s tailor about adding more marine blue in to his wardrobe.
Leon sat at the round table, and arranged his napkin on his lap.  Picking up the folder Dax left for him, Leon lifted a brow in question.
“You asked for security,” Dax said, standing his ground.
Dax knew it was important that Leon accept Monarch Security into his service.  The Queen was counting on him.
“It took some doing but I found an elite company, well known in your circles,” Dax said.  “I convinced them to send over their most elite team for your needs.”
“The name is ambitious,” Leon said.
He opened the folder to read the information Dax had compiled.  A knot coiled in his chest when he read the first name on the list of security officers assigned to his detail.
Lieutenant Commander Logan Mason.
Leon’s heart stuttered and he let the folder drop on the table.
What was this?  After four years of silence, he appears.
What was Leon to make of this?
“Are you sure they are not military?” Leon asked, aware that anyone working in the military would have connections to the palace.
Logan would not have given up on his military career to start a business.  Leon stared at the rank before Logan’s name.  His rank had risen in their time apart.
Leon could not help being proud of Logan for that, but—
“Are they the only people available?” Leon asked, before Dax could answer his question.  “Find someone else.”
He closed the folder and pushed it aside.
“Your Highness,” Dax said, panic almost taking over.  “Monarch Security is good enough to take care of Master David on his trips abroad.  He uses them to secure Miss Sadie when she goes to visit construction sites in the East Side.”
Leon narrowed his gaze at Dax.
“David uses them?” Leon frowned, wondering why he did not know that Logan and David were keeping in touch.  “Who else has used Monarch Security?”
“Their client list includes Riku Touma, Paul O’Hara and Petr Mikhailov,” Dax said, taking in Leon’s reaction.  He had not expected this visceral response.  He wondered what would cause it.  “I understand they have a team currently deployed in Spain taking care of Master Anselm—”
“Stop.”
Leon closed his eyes, his heart pounding a rapid rhythm.  So, Logan had decided to go into private security and Leon’s friends had supported him in quiet silence.
Why had they not bothered to tell him?
David too, Leon let out a soft breath and opened his eyes to find Dax watching him.
“They are the best,” Dax said, his gaze pleading.  “Their military background serves them.  They’ll know what to do for you, Your Highness.  Please don’t ask me to take the second best company.”
“What’s their clearance level?” Leon asked, needing to know what Petr had done with Logan.
“Grade 8,” Dax said.
Grade 8 meant secret and high-risk clearance, Leon thought, realizing Petr had worked to draw Logan into their circle.
At Grade 8, Logan could walk into the Aeras Parliament without anyone stopping him or asking him questions.  He had higher clearance than Leon.
His clearance was at Grade 4, enough to enter the palace and talk to his grandmother, nothing more.
Leon scoffed and reached for his phone.  He dialed Petr’s number, and wasn’t surprised when Petr answered on the first ring.
“Morning,” Petr greeted.  “You’ve received my gift.”
“He wanted a military career,” Leon pointed out.  “Why did you pull him into the private sector?”
“Priorities change,” Petr said.  “It seems you’re holding out on us, Leon.  You’ve not told us you’re in a situation that requires Monarch Security.  I was surprised when I heard that Dax requested an elite team.”
“Why did you hear about it?” Leon asked.
“Oh, Logan insisted that management should notify me of high priority requests like yours, in case we need to turn them down.  Yours was a swift acceptance, Leon, Logan handled it himself.  So, what’s going on?”
“Nothing,” Leon said, unwilling to talk about the assassination attempts on his life.  “I’m upgrading Castle Arguro’s security.  I want to protect the family jewels.  You know how it is.”
Petr chuckled.
“Whatever you say, Leon, I dig eccentric.  You take him on, Leon.  It’s good to support local businesses.  If it doesn’t work out, well, then it wasn’t mean to be.  Now, I have to go ambush Riku, he's working too much again and leaving no time for me.”
“Petr.”
“What?”
Leon bit his bottom lip hard, and then shrugged.
“You’re too nosy,” Leon said.
“You’re welcome.”
Petr ended the call and Leon sat back staring at the Monarch Security folder.
Leon sighed, as it was clear he did not have very many choices when it came to his safety, short of calling his grandmother.  His head filled with the memory of a gunshot sailing at him.
Damn it.
Well, at least he was sure Logan had the training to keep him safe.
“Are they here?” Leon asked.
“Yes.”
Leon picked up his coffee and sipped it slow.  He placed his cup on the table, his gaze on the plate before him.  He tried to have meals with David around, but these past weeks had proved too busy because of the hotel.  David was splitting his time between Sadie and the hotel.
Anticipation filled him, as he looked to Dax.
“Invite the Lieutenant Commander and his team to breakfast,” Leon murmured, trying to keep his tone unaffected.  “If he’s going to be spending time with me, might as well break him in.”
“Be on your best behavior,” Dax prompted, his gaze narrowed making Leon smile at him.  “These people will be keeping your life safe.”
Leon waved his hand to indicate the chairs around the dining table.
“Then, I hope the kitchen made enough for breakfast.”
Dax handed Leon a tablet with the day’s itinerary, then left to get the security team.
Alone, Leon placed the tablet on top of the Monarch Security folder and sat back.  Every cell in his body vibrated with excitement at the thought of seeing Logan again.
Four years was a lot of time.
Would it have reduced Logan’s charm?
Or his impact on Leon’s heart?
They were different people now.  Surely, it wouldn’t hurt as much to see Logan again.  He wondered if Logan had kept his hair long, or had gone and shaved it off again into that awful military crop he liked.
Did Logan have a boyfriend?  Did he have a husband?
Oh, God.
Leon pressed his hand to his chest because his heart felt like it was coming out of his chest.  He reached for his mug of coffee to distract himself.  The door opened and Dax led in two men and a woman, all wearing neat black suits.
Leon placed his mug on the table again in case he dropped it and sat back in his seat.  He folded his hands on his lap to keep from exploding.
Leon could not tell who looked more nervous, him or the team that faced him with apprehensive glances.  Disappointment bloomed when he didn’t see Logan.
Dax closed the door and moved to introduce them.
“Prince Leon,” Dax said.  “I introduce the team from the Monarch Security firm.  They will be responsible for Your Highness’s safety, as of today.”
Leon sat back watching the three nod their heads in his direction.
“Your Highness,” they chorused.
Leon pasted on a smile for them.
“Thank you for meeting me for breakfast.  Dax says he worked hard to obtain your services.  I’m thankful you could make it this morning.”
“The honor is ours, Your Highness,” the only woman in the team said.
Leon adjusted his plate on the table, curious as to where their boss was.  He didn’t ask though, not wanting to appear eager.
“Please have a seat,” Leon started to say, just as the door opened and Leon’s breath caught at the sight of Logan Mason walking back into his life after four years.
It took everything to stay seated, not to react to seeing Logan so vital after all their time apart.
Like fine wine, the years had only added to Logan Mason.  His dark hair cut short, his jaw dusted with dark stubble.  Along the way, he had filled out even more; his suit fit him to perfection, his white shirt open at the collar, he wore no tie.
He looked taller, more formidable, just more.
Oh, how I’ve missed him.
Leon dragged his gaze away from Logan to the tablet on the table.  He was afraid if he met Logan’s gaze he might blurt out everything in his heart.
“Your Highness, this is Lt. Commander Mason,” Dax introduced him.  “He was once your royal guard, four years or so ago.  He is now running Monarch Security.”
Leon squeezed his hands tight and tried to keep his tone casual, afraid to meet Logan’s gaze. 
“Lt. Commander Mason, I keep a very informal house.  Will you find it offensive if I insist on calling you by your name?” Leon asked, not about to start calling Logan, Lieutenant Commander.  It was a fucking mouthful.
“Not at all,” Logan said, his low voice enough to make Leon’s heart weep.  He had missed Logan's voice too.  “May I ask that the same concession is provided for my team?”
“Certainly,” Leon said, keeping his gaze on Dax.  “I insist you call me Leon.  As time passes, you’ll see that only Dax insists on calling me Prince Leon or Your Highness.  What do you say to that?”
Logan cleared his throat and Leon glanced at him, unable to resist it any longer, only to find Logan looking at his teammates.  Leon stole the precious few minutes to take Logan in, and then moved his gaze to the rest when Logan turned to him.
“We don’t mind it, Sir,” Logan said.
“Then, I’ll rely on you to do the introductions, Logan,” Leon said, a headache starting at the sound of Logan calling him Sir.  “I have the folder on your team, but a personal introduction is much better, I think.”
“Yes, Sir,” Logan said.  “Please meet my team: John Roberts, Shirley Steele and Tom Rogers.”
“Welcome to Castle Arguro,” Leon said, and indicated the chairs around his table.  “Please, have a seat and let’s have breakfast.”
***
Logan sat in the chair closest to Leon, his team having taken the safe distance away from the handsome man sitting on one end of the round table.  He had forgotten what it was like to be so close to Leon.
The years had only added to Leon’s sophistication.  His sharp features refined and polished, his gray eyes warm, and that smile on his lips was still unforgettable.
Mostly, Logan remembered kissing those lips, remembered how soft they felt against his.
Logan watched Leon apply raspberry jam on a slice of oat and rye bread.  He remembered doing the task for Leon, and smiling when Leon took a bite of the slice while he still held it.  They had both laughed, and kissed.
Leon caught his stare and smiled knowingly, looking away fast, as he took a bite of the slice.
Did Leon remember?  Logan wondered.
He remembered Leon had eaten most of his meals off Logan’s plate.
Did those habits still exist?
“Dax gets the bread baked daily.  I have to admit I’m a tad addicted to the taste of it,” Leon said, his tone amused as he ate the slice he held.  “Do you not like the food, Logan?  You haven’t touched anything.  If you don’t like it, we can get the chef to make something to your liking.”
Logan dragged his gaze away from Leon and his sexy lips.
“No,” Logan started, and shook his head feeling like an idiot.  “I mean the food looks good.  No need to get the chef cooking again.”
“He wouldn’t mind,” Leon said, reaching for his glass of orange juice.  “Andrew is often disappointed by the lack of challenge working in my kitchen.  He will be glad now that there are more people to feed.  He can test out his culinary skills on you.”
Dax chuckled behind Leon.
Logan narrowed his gaze when Leon winked at Dax, his gaze full of mirth.
Leon’s smile was enough to bring all the memories of their time together to the forefront.  The memory of Leon on a horse with no saddle, laughing as the rain fell on him filled Logan’s head.
Logan sucked in air and looked away from Leon.  That particular memory of Leon had stayed with him for years, both comforting and torturing him.  He missed that Leon’s easy trust.
Logan focused his attention on the food laid out on the table instead.  He did not miss the curious gazes from his team.  He ignored their knowing looks and served scrambled eggs, sausages and a slice of the oat and rye bread Leon loved.
Breakfast was the right move on Leon’s part.  It put the rest of the team at ease.
Leon broke the ice with them.  Engaging each team member, asking simple polite questions designed to get to know them.  When breakfast ended, Dax had a woman from the kitchen remove the dishes.
Logan held on to his glass of orange juice.  He loved the taste of the fresh drink.  Leon’s chef was good at his craft.
Dax then started a security briefing.
Leon kept a staff of fourteen in the castle.
The team consisted of Dax, whose main role was Castle Arguro’s manager.  He managed the castle and all its needs with the help of three heads.  There was Andrew the chef, Marc the stable master and Franco, the garage mechanic.  Each one ran a team of their own that did not exceed three, with the exception of Franco who only had one assistant at the garage, Pierre.
“That’s a small number for a castle this huge,” John said.
“We manage,” Dax said, pride in his voice.  “Prince Leon lives alone, so we are not overwhelmed with duties.  That may change in the future.”
“What happens when the castle has an occasion?” Shirley asked.
“Dax sources extra help as needed,” Leon answered.  “I prefer it that way as I don’t want too many people underfoot.”
“Understood,” Shirley said.
“What about visitors?” Tom asked, looking to Dax.
“All visitors need an appointment,” Dax said.  “I make all appointments and manage His Highness’s schedule, both business and personal.”
“With the exception of David, my business manager,” Leon said, tapping a finger on the dining table.  “And…Princess Gia, you can’t stop her if she wants to come in anyway.”
Logan glanced at Tom so that he could note down both names.  David was harmless.  Logan was more concerned about Princess Gia.  Her entourage would need vetting.
“Dax will provide you with all the information you need on Castle Arguro’s current security systems, maps and everything else you might need.  He will also set up your accommodations and meals.  Your job is to discover anything unusual and let Dax know,” Leon said, his tone dismissive.
Logan frowned.
It seemed as if Leon did not see the attempts on his life as alarming.
“I run a busy schedule, working with individuals not expecting to deal with tight security when we meet,” Leon continued.  “I ask you to be courteous and don’t suffocate them in security protocols.  If you manage that, then we’ll get along fine.”
Logan met his team’s questioning gazes, stopping them from voicing any protests.  He gave Leon a nod in acknowledgement.
“Understood, Sir,” Logan said, deciding they would deal with the logistics as the job progressed.
Protecting a prince was not as easy as Leon made it sound.  At the least, they were inside now.  He could ask Commander Stevens for support, as they needed.
Leon turned to Dax.
“Dax, if you’ll show our guests out for a moment,” Leon said, his tone quiet.  “I need to talk to Logan alone.”
“Of course,” Dax said, already heading to the door.
Logan’s team got up from their chairs and left the dining room each one glancing at Logan as they left.
When the room was clear, Dax closed the door behind him, leaving Logan and Leon alone.
They sat in silence for a full minute before Leon found the courage to speak.
Staring at his tablet, his finger tracing the edges of its cover, Leon bit his lip for a moment, then spoke.
“How have you been?”
Logan shifted in his seat to look at him.
“Fine.  I’m doing well,” Logan said.
Leon wished he could say the same for himself.  It wouldn’t do to say that he was…just existing.
“Is Monarch Security your business?” Leon asked, curious about why Logan had decided to enter the private sector.
Logan had not shown any indication of making that change when they were together.
Now, after all the silence, Leon wanted answers.
“Yes, it’s my business.”  There was pride in Logan’s voice.  “It’s come up with the help of a few people.”
Leon thought about Riku, David, Petr, Paul and even Anselm.  The friends he called his had helped his ex-boyfriend and not told him.  Had Logan asked them not to tell him? Either way, it seemed as though Logan had wanted to keep the silence between them intact.  If that was the case, then Leon was the one breaking it now.
“I’m glad you’re doing well,” Leon said, standing up.  He picked up his tablet and the Monarch Security folder.  “I hope this job won’t be too hard for your team.  It should only last long enough to catch the culprit.”
Logan stood too, pushing his chair back.
“Aren’t you going to ask?”
“Ask what?” Leon met Logan’s blue gaze then, his heart skipping a beat at the intensity there.
“Whether I’m still with the Royal Navy,” Logan said in a low tone.
“Would you tell me the truth?” Leon asked, afraid of the answer.
“Yes.”
Leon wished he had the strength to ask.  He did not want to ask and get an answer that would have him kicking Logan out of the castle.  That would be too hard.
Despite wishing he could forget Logan, seeing him again made Leon want to cling to him for a while, if only from a distance.
It was so good seeing him so close.
“I trust Dax.  He knows what I need now.  I’m sure he would not have made a mistake choosing your company.”
“Leon—”
“I’m not in a position to be choosy,” Leon cut Logan off.  “Please do your job and I’ll try to make it easy on both of us.  Thank you for looking out for me once again, Logan.”
Leon walked around Logan fast, heading for the door, old pain surfacing to the top.  He reminded his foolish heart that he only needed Logan’s services.  He needed to remember that Logan valued his career.  Logan would pour in his best for his business or his career, and nothing would come between them.
Not even a Prince in trouble, Leon thought.
Leon opened the dining room door.
“Now that we have all that sorted,” Leon said, keeping his voice neutral.  “I’m late for a meeting in town.  We should get going.”
***
Logan swallowed down the last of his orange juice in one gulp, wishing it were something stronger.
Leon had changed.
The happy, amusing prince was gone, replaced by a closed off man.
His Leon was gone, he sighed, fighting the urge to run after Leon and pull him into his arms for a tight hug.
“Boss,” Shirley broke into his tumultuous thought, and he sucked in much needed air.  “Prince Leon is headed out.”
“Call him Leon,” Logan said, his tone gruff.  “He is serious about dropping the title.”
“Sure,” Shirley grinned.  “I really like him.  This will be an easy assignment, Boss.”
Logan grunted and moved away from the table, adjusting his suit jacket.  He followed Shirley out of the dining room, headed to the castle’s front doors.
They would have to come later to discover their sleeping quarters and figure out the castle’s layout.
Outside, the weather was sunny.
Leon stood at the top of the steps his gaze on the armored black Bentley Mulsanne waiting below, behind it, a black Mercedes for his security team.
Logan motioned John to the Bentley where Pierre sat in the driver’s seat.  After a heated exchange between John and Pierre, John took over the driver’s seat and Pierre hurried away to the castle garage.
“Pierre will be upset by the replacement,” Leon noted as he walked down the steps to the car.  “He values his role as my driver very much.”
“John’s training behind the wheel will make sure your armored car fulfills its purpose.  I’ll find Pierre a more suitable job,” Logan said, opening the back passenger door for Leon.  “Sir.”
Leon paused to study him.
Logan wondered what Leon saw as he held a military stance, looking straight ahead.  Leon released him from the intense scrutiny when he slid into the backseat without saying more.
Logan closed the door with care, making sure it was secure.  He joined John in the front passenger seat, buckling his seat belt, and nodding to John.
“Wait,” Leon said, when John started the car ready to go.
Logan started to ask why, but then Dax came running down the stairs carrying a briefcase.  He went around the car and slid into the backseat with Leon.
“Pierre, let’s go,” Dax said, as he settled the briefcase he held on the floor.  When he looked up and saw John, he gaped.  “Where is Pierre?”
“He’s going to apparently be busy with something else,” Leon said.
“What?” Dax asked, leaning forward to look at John.  “This is called upsetting the ship, Prince Leon.  Pierre will not be happy for weeks after this.”
Leon chuckled, but said no more.
Logan was grateful for that.
Leon needed to trust him to do his job.
Logan then narrowed his gaze at Dax.  Dax met it with his own glare.  He and Dax needed to have a serious talk.  On their drive out of the castle, Leon held out his tablet to Logan.
“My schedule,” Leon said, and then settled back in his seat for the ride into town.
Logan read Leon’s schedule, surprised to see how busy Leon lived.  There was no free time.  The first chunk of Leon’s day would be spent meeting officials from the Ministry of Tourism.  After that, they would head to the Anastasia Grand Hotel.  There were more meetings and then the opening ceremony in the afternoon.  When the opening ceremony ended, Leon was to join David for a dinner party with the staff to thank them for their hard work.  Leon would not be free to return home until after nine in the evening.
Logan stole a glance at Leon through the rearview mirror.  He remembered a conversation they had in Bangkok about schedules.  Leon had worried he would have no time when he came back home.  Glancing at the schedule he held, it looked as though that worry had come true.
Logan wondered what else had changed in his absence.
***

9
Leon might have refused to take on his role as a Prince of the Kingdom in the Capital Palace, but the government officials had not forgotten him.  Even now, as he sat opposite two Ministry of Tourism officials, Logan could see that they regarded him as His Highness, Prince Leon.
They wanted Leon’s support in promoting tourism projects through the new hotel and any trips Leon would take out of the kingdom.  Leon negotiated for an equal deal for the hotel and the tourism ministry.  A surge of pride filled Logan.  It was nice to see Leon in such a productive setting.
Still, Logan missed Leon’s carefree side.  He could not find a single piece of the Leon he had spent six months with across Europe.  It was as if that Leon had disappeared and been replaced with this new Leon, a business-first Leon.
Logan’s phone buzzed and he moved away from his position at the door.  Tom took over as Logan answered the call.
“Mason.”
“Why is there a security team searching our hotel?” David asked, somewhat irritated.  “They asked me to call you.”
Logan had forwarded Leon’s schedule to the command center.
Commander Stevens must have sent a secondary team to sweep the hotel before Leon’s arrival.
“David, I’ve taken on a job with Leon,” Logan said.  “I know he hasn’t told you or the others.  I’ll leave it to him to tell you when he’s ready.”
David sighed on the other end.
“I knew something was wrong yesterday,” David said.  “He was acting off all day.  Well, this is both good and bad news.  It’s bad news because this second team is annoyingly nosy.”
Logan chuckled.
“Why is it good news?” Logan asked.
“For you, Logan,” David said, the warmth in his voice made Logan grateful he had managed to keep David a friend all this time.  “You’ve waited to get close.  Protecting him gives you plenty of opportunities, doesn’t it?”
Logan glanced to the lounge where Leon still chatted to the two ministry officials.
“It also depends on what he wants, David,” Logan said.
“You’re right,” David agreed.  “Although, Logan, have you ever stopped to think why he never asked you to stay?”
Logan frowned.  He had never told anyone that Leon had asked him to stay.
He remembered every word Leon said that funeral day in the car.
Leon did ask him to stay.
Logan chose to walk away because he had wanted Commander Steele's mission more than he had wanted Leon at the time.
“Why he never pushed you for more when we both know he can?” David continued.  “It’s because his life is not quiet.  Anyone who gets close to him loses so much.”
“That’s absurd,” Logan said, shaking his head.  “I lost nothing with him, David.  I only gained.”
“You were not fully committed,” David said.  “Up to this day, Logan, you remain just a step out of the circle and it’s conscious on your part.  If you were to take a fully committed step toward Leon, you would understand what I mean.  You would understand why Petr has worked so hard to pull you into our circle.  Gaining you top clearance and making sure no one would question your presence beside Leon.”
Logan fell silent knowing that David was half-right.
The other half of acceptance depended on Leon.
Logan wanted to step fully into Leon’s life, but he was not sure Leon wanted him there now.
“The team at the hotel is discrete, David.  They might ask you questions, but they won’t trouble you.”
“They feel different,” David noted.  He was too sharp for his own good.  “It feels a bit like when Princess Gia visits.  Something—”
“I have to pull in all the stops,” Logan cut in, not about to let David realize that Leon was now under the Kingdom of Aeras’s full protection.  “He is a prince, you know.”
David chuckled.
“I almost forget it,” David joked.  “Almost.  Well, okay.  We’ll cooperate with them.  I’m relieved to know you’re with him again.  Good luck, Logan.”
David ended the call and Logan stood watching Leon.  He had never stopped to consider what being Leon’s true partner would entail.
Why had that never been a concern before? 
What would it be like to stand next to Leon officially?
Leon stood and Logan pushed those thoughts aside.  He hurried back to position so that his team shadowed Leon to the elevators, as Leon finished with the Ministry of Tourism officials.
They headed to the Anastasia Grand Hotel.
Leon and David had named the hotel after Princess Anastasia.  It made Logan wonder how Leon was coping without his parents.
David met them at the entrance, pulling Leon into a loose hug with a wide smile as he greeted Leon.  He was dressed down in jeans and a t-shirt.  He was clearly in the middle of pulling the opening ceremony together, even as he stopped to welcome Leon.
Logan listened as Shirley, John and Tom cleared the surrounding area with the secondary team’s help.
“Thank you for coming, Leon,” David said.
“Anything for you, David,” Leon said, taking David’s right hand as they entered the hotel.
David looked behind Leon and winked at Logan before he squeezed Leon’s hand in mock surprise.
“Oh wow, is that Logan Mason?”
“Don’t bother,” Leon said, scowling at David.  “I know he’s worked for you, Petr, Riku, Anselm and even Paul.  The whole lot of you kept it a secret from me.  I don’t know what you thought I would do.”
David dropped the surprised act and let go of Leon’s hand to cross his arms against his chest.
“We were helping out our buddy.  You’re not the only one who got close to him, you know,” David said to Leon.  “He’s our friend too.”
Leon turned to look at Logan for a second, and then faced David.
“So, you have trouble.” David stated, and then before Leon could give an answer, David continued.  “Whatever it is, I’m glad you have Logan with you.  I’ll at least feel at ease.”
Leon sighed and took David’s elbow, leading him into the hotel.
Logan did not miss the fact that Leon did not try to explain to his best friend why he needed a serious security detail.
Leon and David started a busy three hours that left Logan’s team moving through the eighteen floors of the hotel.  Logan took it as a plus as it gave them time to secure the hotel.
“We’ve covered all possible weaknesses,” Shirley reported, as they waited for Leon to finish talking to service staff.  “The secondary team is monitoring all traffic coming in and out.  They’re also in charge of the parking lot.  However, the ceremony has guests we don’t have time to account for, not to mention staff—”
“It was too short a notice,” Logan agreed, cutting in.  He had worried about the guests, but this was their first day.  “We just have to work with it. We’ll tighten our circle around the prince when we get to the ceremony.”
“Alright, boss,” Tom and John agreed.
Shirley nodded to Leon who had finished talking to the service staff.
Thankfully, after this meeting, David announced it was time for lunch
***
David insisted on including Logan’s team in the dining room.
Leon settled at a table in the corner of the small, private and elegant dining room on the third floor of the hotel.  His chair tucked into the corner of the wall, away from windows as per Shirley’s instructions when she left him.
Leon swiped his thumb over his phone screen over and over, though he never opened any app, or message notification.  His gaze strayed to the two security-team members sitting at a table a few feet away from him.  Tom and John, Leon recalled from Logan’s quick introduction in the morning.
Leon wondered if they too were former members of the Royal Navy SPOC team.  They looked highly trained.  They moved like Logan, even now at rest, they missed nothing in the room.
Leon wondered how Logan convinced them to work in his business.  He wanted to know so many things about Logan.
David entered the dining room, having finished with their chef, coming straight to Leon’s table.  He slid into the chair next to Leon.
“We’re having chocolate mousse with raspberries for dessert.  It’s your favorite,” David said with a happy smile.
Leon returned the smile, though he felt it a shadow of his real one.
“Logan?” Leon asked, knowing David would tell him without teasing him.
“Outside,” David said, “he’s making sure you’re safe.”
Leon nodded and placed his phone on his tablemat.  He rubbed his right earlobe and tried to ignore David’s raised brow.
David leaned closer, his gaze expectant.
“What?” Leon asked.
“I’m not sure whether to feel insulted by the fact that you continue to hide a huge secret from me.”
“It’s too complicated,” Leon said.  “I would tell you if I had an easy explanation.”
“Do you need extra help?” David asked, concern creasing his forehead.  “We can ask Petr, and even Anselm—”
“No.” Leon said, not about to draw his friends into his problems.  “I need time and patience, David.  This will get resolved quickly.”
David gave him a skeptical glance, and then reached for the glass of water set by his plate.
“Fine,” David said, after a slow sip.
Leon picked up his phone, plastering on a smile for David.
“Why don’t we take a selfie of you?” Leon asked, keeping his tone cheerful.  “Let’s shock Sadie when you actually post this on your gram account.”
David laughed and Leon took David’s photo then, glad to see his best friend happy.
Lunch continued in a lazy, quiet slide until Logan and Shirley entered the dining room fifteen minutes later.
A shift change, Leon noted, as Tom and John left the dining room.
Leon sat back in his seat, and watched David approach Logan.  No doubt to make sure Logan and Shirley were satisfied with the food on the menu.  Leon had taken the chef’s special, a delicious grilled chicken with rice and sautéed veggies.  He had not finished it all, but it tasted spectacular.
Leon tried to concentrate on his cup of coffee, even his phone, but it was useless to try.  His gaze slid to Logan with every attempt to look away.
He bit his bottom lip to keep from smiling when Shirley got her plate and promptly exclaimed over the presentation of food.  Logan giving her a startled, censoring look was so priceless, Leon wished he had his camera for the first time in a very longtime.
***
“This looks amazing!” Shirley said, reaching for her phone.  “I’m so taking a pic of this and sharing it.”
David chuckled at Logan’s reaction to that statement and poured water into Logan’s large glass.
“I expect you to tag the hotel when you post,” David encouraged Shirley before Logan could stop her.  He winked at both of them, before he walked back to the table he shared with Leon.
“They are so cool,” Shirley said, already doing as asked, taking a photo with her phone.  “This Prince is so different from his cousins.  I wonder if it’s because he lives outside the palace.”
Logan picked up his fork, his gaze on Leon.  David slid into the seat next to Leon.  Their connection seemed to have only grown deeper with time, Logan noted.
Leon trusted David.
As though to prove his thoughts, Leon picked up his dessertspoon and took a bite of the chocolate mousse with raspberries in David’s bowl.  Jealousy so blinding rose so fast, Logan jerked his gaze back to his plate.  He took a bite of the delicious grilled chicken on his plate, barely tasting it.  Reaching for his glass of water, he took a healthy gulp, his gaze sliding back to Leon.
David moved his bowl to Leon and took Leon’s bowl.  Logan remembered a time when he had done that without thought.  The more he watched them, the deeper the acute feeling of loss filled him.  Annoyed by it, Logan forced his attention back to his own plate, afraid of what he might do if he kept watching longer.  He had this urge to walk over and demand back the rights he seemed to have lost with Leon.
***
The hotel had elevated its security protocols.
The food he had thought to mess with was no longer going up to the third floor.  The private dining room had pulled in the hotel’s top chef to cook and serve their VIP guest in person.  He had not made the cut when they chose service staff.  He should have realized that Prince Leon’s presence in the building would turn everyone into nervous pricks.
He had not accounted for that.
Adjusting his apron, he wondered if there was an easier way to approach his target.
Picking up a tray filled with dirty plates, he slid it into the sink and turned on the hot water to spray debris off the plates with expertise.  His phone buzzed and he tapped the earpiece in his left ear without pause.
“Progress?” the gruff voice filled his head, fraying his nerves.
“First plan failed.  His security is good.  Food is out of the question.”
“What now?”
“I’m looking for an alternative.  I’ll keep you posted.”
“Your package will be waiting as soon as you succeed.  Once you get it, fly out immediately.  No more visits to the house in the Glades.  Don’t slip up.”
“Understood.”
The call ended fast and he sighed, wondering what would happen if he failed his mission.  He shuddered at the thought.  Things had not gone so well for the three before him.
“Hey,” a soft feminine voice said, drawing his attention to a young woman who looked harried.  She stood a few feet away holding a pair of gold scissors.  “I just got these from storage and they’re really dirty.  We’ve neglected them.  I need to wrap them with bows for the ceremony.  Can you help me?”
Taking the scissors, he smiled as he ran hot water over them.
Could it be so easy?
***
After lunch, Leon retreated to a suite on the eighteenth floor set aside for him by David.  The opening ceremony was coming up in thirty minutes.  David handed the keycard to Logan.
“I’ll leave him in your capable hands,” David teased Logan, as they entered the elevator.  “See you in thirty minutes.”
Logan nodded as the elevator doors closed.  Upstairs, Logan made Leon wait at the suite door with Shirley and Tom, while he and John cleared the penthouse suite.
Logan was glad to discover no unwanted surprises.
In the master bathroom, he paused when he saw the tray with antibiotic ointment and fresh bandages sitting on the sink counter.
“Clear,” John called from the living area.
Logan closed the bathroom door and left the master bedroom, going to the front door.
“Clear,” he confirmed, allowing Leon into the suite.
Leon let out a tired sigh, as he walked to an armchair in the living area.  He shrugged off his blue jacket and draped it over the back of the chair.
Logan frowned when he spotted a red stain on Leon’s upper right arm.  He rushed to Leon’s side, taking Leon’s right arm in a panic.
“You’re bleeding,” Logan hissed.
Leon glanced at his right arm and cursed under his breath.
“It’s nothing,” Leon said, shrugging his arm out of Logan’s grasp.  “Dax will be up to help shortly.”
“No.” Logan took Leon’s left hand and started to the master bedroom.  That’s what the tray with medicine was about in the bathroom.
“What are you doing?”
“Helping you,” Logan said, urging Leon to the bathroom, not really giving him a chance to fight him.
“You don’t have to do this,” Leon complained, when Logan closed the bathroom door and stood waiting on Leon to remove his white shirt.
The red stain on Leon’s arm made Logan worry.
It was so out of place.
Leon scowled at Logan.
“It’s better if I wait for Dax.”
“Leon,” Logan said, taking a step closer to Leon, his gaze never leaving the red spot on Leon’s right arm.  “You’re hurt and bleeding.  Please, let me help you.  I can help redress your wound.”
Leon studied him for a moment, and then lowered his head with a sigh.  He started to unbutton his shirt, his hands trembling slightly.  Logan took in a deep breath remembering the last time Leon had removed a shirt in front of him.
They had been in Seville.
He could never forget the sight of Leon riding a horse, while he laughed, rain falling on him.
Logan longed for that carefree Leon.
Leon shrugged off his stained shirt.
The bathroom was large enough to fit a small one-bedroom apartment.  Yet, watching Leon remove his shirt made the room feel smaller.
To distract himself, Logan walked around Leon to the sink counter.  He still could not help looking back and staring.
“Logan?”
Logan drew his gaze away from Leon’s naked back to find Leon watching him.
Logan cleared his throat, and studied the contents on the tray near the sink.  Leon moved closer, leaning on the sink counter next to him, making sure Logan had access to his right upper arm.
Logan took in a deep breath and focused on looking over the bandage on Leon’s arm, scowling at the stain of blood.  Logan undid the old bandage with care to reveal a bullet furrow that was an angry red, scabbing over slow.  Throwing the old bandage into the trash, Logan studied the wound, worry settling in his stomach.  The shooter in the Arguro Forest had done this to Leon.  It left a bitter taste in his mouth.
“He got close,” Logan said, his gaze moving from Leon’s right arm to Leon’s bent head.
Logan stared at soft brown hair, its silky length begging for his fingers to comb through it.
Leon lifted his head, and looked at him, gray eyes filled with shadows.  There was a time Logan would lean in, and kiss Leon until those shadows disappeared.
He couldn’t now and it pained him.
“I don’t know why anyone would hate me so much that they would shoot me,” Leon said, his voice low.  “Do you?”
Logan knew different.
Leon was a prince.  Anyone who wanted him dead had to have a vendetta against the royal family.  It could be political.  It was no secret that Queen Amethea loved Leon most.  Hurting him would hurt her, as Logan was already aware.  She would do anything for Leon.
“Don’t worry,” Logan said, keeping his voice low.  “Whoever they are, we’ll catch them.”
Logan took the ointment from the tray with the bandage supplies.  He applied a generous amount to the angry wound, then placed a neat dressing over the wound and taped it with care.
“You do that really well. Must be from experience,” Leon noted, looking at Logan through the mirror.
Logan concentrated on finishing with the bandage.  When he was done, he looked up and met Leon’s probing gaze.
Taking a step closer, Leon’s maddening cologne filled his nostrils.  It wasn’t fair to smell so good.  Heartbeat speeding, Logan stared at Leon, wanting.
Then Logan cupped Leon’s jaw, his gaze dropping to parted lips.
Leon’s breath hitched and Logan leaned closer and kissed Leon as he had wanted to since he saw him this morning.
Like falling into a beloved rhythm, their kiss a remembered perfection, it set him aflame and all he could think was how much he had missed this.  A soft moan escaped Leon and he stepped even closer, reaching up to hold Logan’s left wrist.
Another minute of bliss, and Leon jerked away from him panic in his eyes.
“Stop,” Leon managed, shaking his head.  He turned away from Logan and closed his eyes. "I can't."
Logan stepped back, breathing hard, remembering where they were and who he was to Leon now.
“I’m sorry,” Logan said, moving away from Leon.
Logan picked up the shirt Leon had removed and left the bathroom in fast strides.
***

10
Closing the bathroom door behind him, Logan leaned on it, and took in several deep breaths to calm his heart.  He could not bring himself to regret kissing Leon.  It felt right, like they belonged.
Leon had not pushed him away because he didn’t like it, but because he did. Logan smiled at that thought.
Shaking his head, he got his cellphone and dialed Commander Stevens, moving away from the bathroom door.
“Lt. Commander.”
“Sir, we are at the hotel for a few more hours.  I’m requesting a forensic team to sweep the forest near the stables at Castle Arguro.  Have them look for bullets.  A seasoned sharpshooter took the shot at long range.  He wouldn’t have been able to visit the scene after the incident.  If we can get the bullet, we’ll have somewhere to start.”
“I’ll send a team out,” Commander Stevens said.  “How did you know this?”
“I saw the wound on Prince Leon.  The graze is very deep.  He was lucky.”
“I’ll keep you posted.  Let me know when you are heading back.”
“Thank you.”
Logan ended the call and stared at the shirt Leon had removed.  Folding it neatly, he stared at the bloodstain on the right arm.  The wound on Leon’s arm would sting today.  Yet, Leon made no indication that he was uncomfortable.  He had kept his pain to himself, not even telling David.
Leon had truly changed.
The suite door opened and Dax came in carrying a black designer suit bag with no label.  When he saw Logan holding the shirt, a deep frown creased his forehead.
“Where is His Highness?” Dax asked.
“In the bathroom, I helped him with the wound on his arm.  He needed a few minutes alone after.”
Dax nodded, coming to take the dirty shirt from Logan.  Logan frowned when Dax placed the shirt with the utmost care in a bag over his shoulders.
“Don’t you need to take it for laundry?”
“Not here,” Dax said, with no further explanation.
Dax went to the bathroom door and Logan frowned when he entered the bathroom soon after.  Leon seemed to trust this attendant above all.
A bit too much, Logan thought, adding Dax to the list of people who needed a thorough check.
****
Leon touched his lips after Logan left, desire raging in his body.  He remembered every second of being in Logan’s arms.  Remembered how addictive it felt, how shattering their passion was and…he remembered what it was like to be without it.  He knew what it was like to be without Logan.
Closing his eyes, he braced his arms on the sink counter and took in a deep breath.  He had clawed his way back from that despair, to this.  Whatever this existence was, he couldn’t afford to let himself start to want Logan again.  Not with the possibility that Logan might want to hold on to his life out there, one that now included a thriving security business.
Leon opened his eyes and stared into the mirror.  The gray eyes looking back at him were hard, the pain in their depths seasoned, a familiar companion.
A single knock came on the door, letting him know it was Dax.
“Come in,” he said, turning on the water at the sink.
Leon leaned over to splash water on his face when Dax slipped in, holding a garment bag.
“I brought you a fresh change of clothes for the event,” Dax said.  “Your shirt is ruined with blood.”
Leon finished washing his face and picked up the face cloth on the counter.
“Princess Gia’s secretary called twice in the last hour,” Dax said, as he opened the garment bag and pulled out the clothes he brought.  “I believe she’ll attend the after party, though there’s no confirmation yet.”
Leon sighed as he dabbed his face dry and dropped the face cloth on the counter.
“I wish she wouldn’t,” Leon said.  “It’s getting harder to ignore her nagging about grandmother.”
“Your Highness,” Dax started, and then stopped, turning away from Leon when he undid his white trousers and let them drop to the floor.
“What has grandmother done that’s making Princess Gia so uneasy?” Leon asked, reaching for the new pair of slacks.  He wore it over his boxer briefs then reached for the fresh shirt.
He could not help the hiss as he wore his shirt this time.  The wound on his right arm felt too sore.
Dax turned then and helped him button his shirt.
“The news about your Uncle Isaak has the Royal Household officials reviewing the royal family laws.  If Isaak is proven guilty by the authorities, he will no longer be eligible for the crown.”
Leon closed his eyes, already understanding that.
“Well, it’s fine, they have Constantin and Gia.”
Dax nodded, though his expression looked like he wanted to say more.
Leon did not want to listen.  He knew that Dax kept in touch with his grandmother.  Knew they discussed more than Leon dared to ask about.  He tucked in his shirt when Dax finished buttoning it.
“Do you want a painkiller?” Dax asked, picking up Leon’s white slacks from the floor and placing them in the garment bag.
Leon nodded, watching Dax take the bag he carried to the sink counter.  Leon liked to think of it as Dax’s magic bag.  Smiling, he buttoned his trousers and ran fingers through his hair.
Dax brought him a single pill from a bottle he found in his bag, and handed him a glass of water.
Leon tossed it back with a grateful nod.
“Do you like Logan?” Dax asked.
Leon choked on the water he was drinking.  Dax handed him a fresh towel to wipe his mouth and took the glass away from him.
“So you do,” Dax smiled wide.
Leon frowned at him.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Leon asked.
Dax chuckled.
“It’s the first time I’ve seen you so curious about a man,” Dax said.  “You couldn’t take your eyes off him at lunch.  It’s nice to see.  It made me remember that he held you tight the night you arrived from Seville, four years ago.”
Leon adjusted his sleeves and looked away from Dax.
“It’s been a while,” Leon said, his tone dismissive.  “That’s history now.”
Dax came around him holding an ascot.
“Leon,” Dax said in a rare departure.
Leon frowned.
“It would be nice to see you dating someone,” Dax said, tying the ascot with expertise.  “It’s been too long.  You can’t be alone forever.  Think about it.”
***
Leon came out of the bathroom in a neat white blazer over a light blue shirt and dark slacks.  He wore black monogrammed loafers and a deep blue ascot tied under his collar.  The only jewelry on him was his family ring on his right middle finger.  He looked delicious.
Logan would have teased him about the shoes, but he dared not now.
Leon buttoned the blazer and started for the door.
Logan hurried to open it for him, and caught a small smile on Leon’s lips as they went out.
Back downstairs, Logan realized why Leon had needed to change his clothes.  The press had increased.  Photographers taking pictures of Leon, documenting everything he wore for the event.  Even David had changed into a neat gray suit.
Leon, David and a pair of senior executives stood in the hotel lobby waiting to go outside to cut the ribbon, and officially open the hotel.
Logan stood behind Leon, his presence enough to intimidate any adventurous photographers.  He watched Leon composing himself to face the mob.  David touched Leon’s right upper arm with familiarity and Leon winced but said nothing.
Once again, Logan wondered why Leon had not told David about the attempts on his life.
“Alright, we’re ready.” Dax said, entering the hotel, walking toward them.  “Logan, we’ll rely on you.”
Logan stopped Leon from moving as he waited on an all clear from Tom, Shirley and John.  When they were in position outside, Logan gave Leon a nod.
Leon and David walked forward to the front doors.  Leon kept up a smile as the Master of Ceremony started the short event.
Logan and his team kept a tight circle around Leon in the warm afternoon.  The hotel staff had placed the ribbon right at the hotel entrance doors.  Flower pillars on each side of the ribbon to hold it.  The hotel staff guided both Leon and David to the correct spot ready for the ceremony.
There were videographers and photographers busy at work, an excited crowd filled the hotel’s front lawn and parking lot.  Logan’s gaze moved over the excited crowd as the Master of Ceremony guided the event.  The energy from the crowd felt enthusiastic with no sense of urgency.  They waited with patience for Prince Leon and David to cut the ribbon.
Logan shadowed Leon when he moved to stand before the ribbon.  It was too hot for gloves, so the staff decorated the scissors with red ribbons.  Leon started to reach for his pair of scissors, but David brushed hard against his right arm making him hesitate.
Logan shifted to shield Leon’s wince from the cameras, forcing the woman holding Leon’s tray to move to David first.  Leon gave Logan a grateful smile after he collected himself and reached for the scissors meant for David.  They cut the ribbon with the Master of Ceremony’s guidance.  When they finished, music, shouts of congratulations and applause filled the afternoon.
Executives surged forward to greet Leon.
Logan kept up with Leon who greeted everyone who approached him with a cordial smile.  A commotion started at the hotel entrance doors drawing attention.
Logan’s team worked to contain the fuss.
Logan focused on Leon, staying alert as more people hurried to greet Leon.
‘Boss, David’s in trouble,’ Shirley’s voice came through his earpiece.  ‘We’ve pulled him into the hotel and are using the staff to cover the incident.  There are blisters on his hands and he has passed out.  It looks like poison.  The secondary team has an ambulance on the way.’
Logan, knowing Leon would want to know, touched Leon’s left elbow drawing his attention.
“David needs you,” Logan whispered to Leon.
Leon stayed calm, even as he let Logan lead him back inside the hotel.  Leon smiled, thanked, and invited those who wanted to talk to him to the after party later.  When he entered the lobby, Shirley and John closed the main doors keeping everyone out, and Leon turned to Logan.
“What’s wrong?”
“David is headed to the hospital.”  Tom provided the information.  “The hotel staff is very efficient.  We managed to get him in the ambulance in a very short time.  The paramedics are sure he can be saved.”
“Saved from what?  What are we waiting for?  Let’s follow him to the hospital,” Leon said, full of panic.
Leon started for the exit doors and Dax stepped in his way, blocking his progress.
Logan started to tell him off, but then Dax lowered his head in a short bow.
“Your Highness, you can’t leave,” Dax said, his tone pleading.  “Master David has worked very hard for this day.  If you leave, everyone will notice.  The event will turn into a failure.  Please, trust us to take care of Master David.  You must see the evening through.”
Leon stared at Dax’s lowered head for a full minute, before he paced away from Dax, clearly unwilling.
“How the hell am I supposed to sit through a party while David is in hospital?”
“Please leave Master David to me.  I will make sure he gets the best care.  Her Royal Highness, Princess Gia, called while you were cutting the ribbon.  She is set to arrive for the party tonight.  Your Highness must keep up appearances.  You cannot show them that something is wrong,” Dax said.
Leon closed his eyes and turned away from Dax.  His fingers tightened into fists, squeezing in, holding in emotions.
Logan watched in silence.  His thoughts on Dax’s choice of words ‘show them’.  Did he mean Prince Isaak’s family?
Did they not get along?  Would Princess Gia want to have Leon murdered?  
Why?
Leon was not living in the palace.  He had nothing Princess Gia wanted.
“David is my dear friend,” Leon gritted out when he opened his eyes.  His voice shook with emotion.  “Spare nothing in your service.  Summon Dr. Joley to his side and take care of his family as well.  Do you understand?”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Dax said, releasing his bow.  “I will leave the Lt. Commander to take care of you.  Pierre is driving Lisa over from the castle.  She will handle my duties this evening.”
Leon nodded and started heading to the next part of the afternoon.
Logan started to follow him, but Dax grabbed on to his hand to stop him.
Shirley stepped in behind Leon following him in Logan’s place.
“What?” Logan asked Dax.
“I beg you, please, don’t leave him alone.  He will try to be nice to the staff, and act normal, but—”
“I’ll take care of him,” Logan promised.
Dax studied him, his gaze skeptical.
Logan then realized he had been too wary of Dax.  This man was devoted to Leon like a parent to a child.  He read anxiety in Dax’s gaze.
“Bring him straight to the hospital when you can.  It won’t be easy for him to stay away.  David is like a brother to him.”
“I know,” Logan said, because he too worried for David.  “Who is Dr. Joley?”
“His Highness’s personal physician,” Dax said, already running off.
Logan watched Dax leave, and then followed Leon.
He watched Leon interact with department heads, charming them and getting them to promise to work their hardest.  Leon never showed any crack in his armor, covering for David when one of the executives asked where David had gone.  The act was flawless.
If Logan didn’t know Leon, he might have believed that all was fine.
When Princess Gia arrived, a new layer of the armor Leon wore emerged.  Leon closed off, to the point of asking Logan to defer to Princess Gia’s security detail.  It reminded Logan of a tortoise hiding in its shell when it sensed danger.  The party in the large hall was elegant, the music lively as the staff enjoyed dining with royalty.
“Your hotel is beautiful,” Princess Gia said, as she sat next to Leon at the table set aside for their use.  “You always manage to own the most elegant of places.  Where is David?”
“Handling a private matter,” Leon said.  “He has worked hard to complete this hotel.  I’m happy with the results.  He deserves the time away.”
“Curious,” Princess Gia said, looking around the room.  Her gaze stopped on Logan and she narrowed her gaze.  “Do you have a new security detail?  Is Pierre not enough anymore?”
Leon smiled at Princess Gia.
“Dax outsourced a new company for the event.  You know how Castle Arguro works.  I would never need such tight security as you do, Gia.”
Princess Gia nodded and picked up the glass of wine her attendant placed before her.  She sipped it and sat back in her chair.  She smiled when an executive met her gaze and waved at her, star struck.
“Your hotel is not the only thing that brought me here this evening,” Princess Gia said.
Logan who stood behind Leon stepped back when she glanced at him with a censoring gaze.  She lowered her voice, as she continued.
“Grandmother is restless.  She refused to meet any of us for breakfast this morning.  I’m worried.  Has she reached out to you?”
“You asked me not to respond to her summons.  In any case, I’ve been too busy with the hotel opening.  If she has sent summons, I’ve not seen them.”
“Blunt as ever,” Princess Gia said.  She placed her glass on the table and shifted to study Leon.  “Why don’t you want more?  What is so great about Castle Arguro?”
“What’s not great about Castle Arguro?” Leon asked, directing a blank smile at her.
There was a glass of water before him.  Leon moved the glass around, as though to drink it in the next minute, but he did not attempt to drink it
“Though the castle cannot compare to the Capital Palace, it remains home to me.”
“Hmm, must be nice.” Princess Gia reached for her glass again.
After that strange exchange, the two cousins talked about food for the rest of the night, quite literary.  Princess Gia spoke of delicacies she thought would be perfect to serve at the hotel, to promote the Kingdom’s tourism and fame.  Leon followed her example, keeping a calm facade, though his impatience remained on his tense shoulders.
At around nine o'clock, Princess Gia bid Leon goodbye.
Leon walked her out of the hotel to her car.
Logan watched Leon open the back passenger door for her, Leon smiled when Gia kissed his cheek.  Leon closed her door and stepped back as the driver pulled away followed by her security detail.  The moment her motorcade was out of sight, Logan’s team moved into place around Leon.
***
Leon wrung his fingers through the ride to the private hospital where they had admitted David.  Worry filled him at the thought that the person trying to hurt him had now touched one of his people.
David did not deserve this.  He worked too hard for Leon, for the hotel and the many businesses Leon placed under his care.  Most of all, David was his best friend.
Anger rose as he rode the elevator to the top floor at Aceso Medical Center.  Dax met them as the elevator doors opened.
“Master David is out of danger and is in a private room.  Dr. Joley is looking after him.  I’ll let her update you on his condition.”
“What about Sadie?” Leon asked.
He walked fast as Dax led him to David’s hospital room.
“She’s on her way.  She was at David’s family farm in Eastways near the border.  I got her on a flight and she should be arriving in the next few minutes.  I called in a driver to pick her up at the airport,” Dax said.  “She will be here soon.”
“Thank you,” Leon murmured when Dax opened the door to David’s room.  Leon glanced at Logan who made to follow him into David’s room.  “I want to do this alone.”
Logan held his gaze for a minute, and then stepped back.
Leon closed the door on Logan and turned to look at the large bed in the middle of the room.  David settled right in the middle with the monitor mounted on the wall above his bed beeping steadily.  Leon walked to the foot of the bed, his hands clenched tight.
Thin gauze covered David’s right hand protecting the wounds on his hand where he had held the scissors.  Leon stared at that hand, guilt riding him hard.
There was no reason for anyone to want David dead.  He was a loyal friend, a man of integrity and anyone who worked under David respected him.  David loved with all his heart.
Sadie would attest to that love.  David had even taken Leon under his wing, and given him a warm place to call home.
No, no one wanted David dead.
The poison on the scissors was meant for Leon.  He was the reason why David was in this bed.  He had brought this good man pain.
Tears filled his eyes, a sob escaping before he could stop it.  Leon wiped away his tears with an angry fist, the wound on his right upper arm throbbed and he closed his eyes, making more tears slide down his cheeks. 
Moving around the bed to David’s left side Leon knelt on the floor and took David’s left hand, pressing a kiss on David’s knuckles.
“I’m so sorry.”  Leon cried, shaking, as he bowed his head over David’s hand.  “I’m so sorry, David.”
Leon knelt on the floor for five minutes, could have been more, he couldn’t be sure.
A knock on the door had him sucking in air.  He wiped his eyes with the back of his hand and pressed another kiss on David’s knuckles as he stood.  Letting go of David’s hand, he took in a deep breath to keep his calm.
The knock on the door came again, and Leon sighed.
“Yes, come in,” Leon said, his voice as strong as he could get it.
To hide the state of his eyes, he walked to the darkened windows, hands in his pockets.
The door opened and he glanced back shortly to see Dr. Joley enter David’s room.
“Your Highness,” she greeted.  “I’ve pooled resources here and Master David is getting the best care possible.  The poison used was pure nicotine delivered in a high-end designer cocktail.  The contents are deadly.  I would recommend following up on anyone else who might have touched those scissors.  We administered first aid as fast as we could.  He is out of danger, though we will need to keep him under observation for at least seventy-two hours.”
Leon wiped the last traces of his tears then turned away from the windows to watch Dr. Joley check on David’s vital signs.  She made sure the IV line was secure, and read the information on the monitor.
“Are there any lasting effects from this?” Leon asked, his voice sounding raw.
“No.”  Dr. Joley looked at him and offered him a faint smile.  “This is not your fault, you know.  Don’t beat yourself up.  He wouldn’t want you to.”
“I’ve brought him here,” Leon said, shaking his head.  “I—”
He didn’t get to finish as the door opened and a tall, elegant brown-skinned woman hurried in, frantic.  Her long braids swung around her shoulders.  She stared at David on the bed in shock: standing frozen at the door, her brown eyes wide, and her hands in tight fists.
“Sadie,” Leon said, his voice hoarse at her stricken face.
She dragged her gaze away from David to look at him.  He took a step toward her, but stopped when she came at him, her fists pounding at his chest before he could stop her.  Leon closed his eyes as Sadie erupted.
“You did this!” Sadie accused.  “He’s here because of you.  You did this.  Why?  Oh God, why?  Why would you do this?”
Leon looked up to see Logan and his team hurrying into the room, alarmed.  Logan looked ready to pull Sadie off Leon as she kept punching his chest.
“This is your fault,” Sadie cried, tears sliding down her cheeks.  “Your fault!”
Leon glared at Logan when he started to reach for Sadie.  Shaking his head, he held up a hand to stop Logan from interfering.  Logan stopped, but he did not move away from arm’s reach as Leon wrapped his arms around Sadie to comfort her.
“I’m sorry.  Sadie, I’m so sorry.  He’s going to be okay.  I’ll make sure of it.”
Sadie cried into his chest for a full minute, before she jerked away from him, pushing him away.
“You should leave,” Sadie said, her brown eyes filled with tears.
She brushed the tears away with the back of her hand and looked away from him when he started to reach for her.
“Please go, Your Highness.  Leave us alone for a while.  Give me time.”
Leon clenched his hands tight, staring at Sadie, heart full of pain at the sight of the fear in her eyes.
Dax started to protest her request, but Leon stopped him with a glare, and nodded in agreement with Sadie.
“You’re right,” Leon said, moving closer to Sadie.
Leon kissed her forehead, and wiped a tear away from her soft cheek with the back of his right hand.
“I’ll leave.  You stay with him, don’t worry about anything else.  I’ll handle everything he needs done, but promise to call me at least when he wakes up.”
Sadie stared at David, more tears filling her eyes.  She was trembling, and he knew she wanted to cry some more.  She needed time alone with David to let out her fear at the thought of her man almost dying.
Leon swallowed hard and moved to David’s bedside.  He brushed soft blonde hair away from David’s forehead, leaned down to press a kiss on David’s forehead.  When he straightened up, Sadie was looking away from him, tears sliding down her cheeks.  He could not fault her for this.  She was right.
This was his fault.
“Dr. Joley,” Leon murmured, drawing the doctor’s gaze.  “I’ll leave David in your capable hands.  Anything he needs, all you have to do is ask.”
“Yes, Your Highness,” Dr. Joley nodded.
Leon looked at Sadie for a full minute and when she wouldn’t look at him, he sighed and left David’s hospital room fast.  He didn’t slow down until he reached near the elevator.
The weight of the day came down hard on his shoulders.  The thought of David dead left him weak, knees trembling, Leon reached out a hand to the wall, fear gripping him as he acknowledged a truth he could no longer escape.
Someone wanted him dead.
Reaching up to his neck, he undid his ascot and pulled it off, stuffing it into his jacket pocket.  Leaning on the wall, he stared at the floor, taking deep breaths hoping to regain his balance.
A pair of neat polished shoes appeared in his line of vision.  His gaze traveled up the owner’s legs, to a toned chest covered by a perfect suit jacket, up still, until he was looking into Logan’s kind eyes.
“Shall we head to Castle Arguro?” Logan asked.  “You’ll be safe there.”
“I don’t think there is any safe place,” Leon heard himself say.  “Sadie is right.  This is my fault.”
“Don’t blame yourself for someone else’s choice,” Logan said.  “You survived today, Leon.  You managed that much.  We’ll sort out the rest as we go.”
Leon stared at Logan, mulling over that statement.  He looked to his right, to the end of the corridor where Sadie was probably crying her eyes out by David’s bedside: her pain, his grief.  Leon let out another sigh and pushed off the wall.
“I’m so tired,” Leon murmured.
“Then we’ll take you home where you can rest,” Logan said, his steady voice enough to calm Leon.
Leon nodded and started a slow walk to the elevator.  He once again wondered what he could have done to get someone to hate him so much.  Hate him enough to want him dead.
***
“Day one sucked,” Shirley said, settling on a couch in the huge security office at Castle Arguro.  They were on the ground floor near the kitchen.  She removed her shoes and socks, rolling the dirty socks into a neat ball.  “I didn’t think Prince Leon’s schedule would be so intensive.”
“He is busier than expected,” Tom said, typing up a report on a laptop at the main workstation.  “I was expecting parties on yachts and clubbing.  It’s nothing like Prince Constantin. Now, he parties."
“Maybe, it was a one day thing,” John said, handing a cold beer to Tom, Shirley, and finally to Logan, who sat behind the main desk combing through the Anastasia Grand Hotel’s security footage.  He replayed the ceremony, looking for anything they had missed.
“Dax forwarded tomorrow’s schedule an hour after we got home,” Shirley said, picking up the tablet on the cushion beside her.  It was almost eleven- thirty.  “Prince Leon has another full schedule that includes a trip to a vineyard in Archaeon.  That’s a two-hour trip.”
“The vineyard is his mother’s original home,” Logan said.  “I believe the vineyard now provides wine to all the hotels under Leon’s care.”
“That’s enterprising,” Tom noted, finishing with his report.  “Boss, the main office got the scissors David used for the ceremony.  The woman holding David’s tray, touched them too and is getting treatment.  The woman who helped prepare the ceremony is dead.  The secondary team is analyzing the scissors for prints we can use.  They’re also tracking the two women’s movements.  One of them has to have met the culprit.”
Logan nodded, rerunning the footage at the opening ceremony.  He slowed down the video where he moved in to hide Leon’s wince from cameras, when David brushed against Leon's arm.  That simple motion had saved Leon, and placed David in danger.
It was eating Leon up.
“Where’s the Prince now?” Shirley asked.
“In the master suite on the second floor,” Tom replied, checking the cameras.  “Dax is going in and out of there, probably prepping for the night.  Prince Leon seems too subdued to me.”
“This is not his first time,” Shirley pointed out.  She got off the couch, her bare feet silent on the carpet as she moved to join Tom at the workstation.
She brought up the feed outside Leon’s master suite.  The camera gave them a view of the living area when the door was open, and spanned down the hallway.  They watched Dax leave the suite, carrying a tray of food, the covers still over plates.
“Still, it has been a hard few hours,” Shirley said.  “Prince Leon and David seem very close; it can't be easy for him.”
“True.  Well, I’m going to call it a night.  I’ll take the last shift,” John said, drinking the last of his beer.  “Boss, don’t stay up too late.”
“Goodnight John,” Logan said, nodding when John waved at him with a grin.
Their sleeping quarters were on the first floor of the castle.  Their rooms well stocked and elegantly furnished, they could have booked a room at a five-star hotel.  It was a different experience from their usual bunking in standard military accommodation.  Logan narrowed his gaze.  It was too bad that the luxury came with the worst kind of danger, the kind of danger that was unafraid of terrorizing someone like Leon.
Not finding anything new in the footage from the hotel, Logan closed the window and brought up the Castle’s camera feed on his screen, as well as the castle’s blueprints.  After the events of day one, he needed to familiarize himself with every inch of the castle. Their culprit had invested time. They needed to invest even more.
Logan was busy mapping the second floor, when a knock came on the door.  He looked up to find Dax waiting at the door.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Dax said, with a strained smile for Tom and Shirley.  “Logan, can I talk to you?”
Logan got up and followed Dax into the hallway, where Logan noted a coffee carafe with two mugs on a tray.
“What’s up?” Logan asked, scratching his jaw. 
“I know it’s late,” Dax said, glancing at his watch.  It was just after midnight.  “I need your help with something.  Um, will you take this up to Prince Leon?”
Logan’s brow rose as Dax took the tray and pushed it into his hands.
“His Highness is not asleep.  Well, you’ll see.  He needs to drink at least two cups of that if he’s to make it in the morning.  Thanks, Logan.  Goodnight.”
Dax walked away before Logan could ask any question.  Left alone holding the tray, Logan sighed and gave the door to the security offices a wistful glance.
Five minutes later, he stood outside Leon’s doors staring at the intricate door handles.  Glancing up at the camera mounted a few feet away, he hoped Tom and Shirley weren’t studying him too closely.  Cursing under his breath, he knocked on the door, and turned the handle before he got an answer.
He entered the master suite and paused when he realized all the lights were on.  Leon had not gone to sleep yet.  It was late.
Leon had an appointment at six-thirty in the morning.
Logan had committed the schedule to memory, timing his own sleep needs.
He looked around the impressive sitting area, and let out a sigh when he saw Leon sitting on the floor by a coffee table set near floor-to-ceiling windows.  A bottle of expensive brandy sat on the table, Leon holding a glass that he tipped to his lips.  No wonder Dax had handed him a tray with coffee.
Logan closed the door with a little slam drawing Leon’s attention.  Gray eyes slid over him, and then returned to staring out the window.  Logan placed the tray with coffee on a side table.  Leon needed sleep right now and not coffee.
Walking up to Leon, Logan smiled.  He took the bottle, and read the label letting a low impressed whistle escape, as he moved away to place it on the side table with the coffee tray.
“If you were going to break out the expensive stuff, you should have called me.”
“Give it back,” Leon said, not moving.  He placed his glass on the coffee table, and leveled an annoyed gaze on Logan.  “You shouldn’t be here.  We don’t have to see each other until morning.”
“You need to sleep,” Logan stated, coming back to Leon without the bottle.
Leon was already dressed for bed in pajama pants and a white t-shirt.  It was nice seeing him this way.  Logan had finally found his Leon, even though he was drunk.  He crouched down to study Leon for a minute.  He wrapped an arm around Leon’s shoulders, needing to hold him if only for a second.
“You have an important meeting with people I’m told manufacture fabric,” Logan said, his tone teasing, as Leon leaned against him.  “Dax insists it’s important for the sake of the sheets used at the hotel.  I’ve never thought about it, but hotel owners must worry about such things, huh?  Hotel sheets?”
“Go away,” Leon pushed him only managing to dislodge Logan an inch, his words slurred.  “Leave me alone, Logan.”
“I can’t, I have to do my part to make sure people sleep on good cotton.  I need to get you to your bed, Leon, so that you’ll be at your best when you negotiate costs.”
Logan was careful not to take Leon’s right arm, concentrating on Leon’s left arm, as he lifted Leon to his feet.
“Okay.” Logan said when Leon was up.  “Now we’re going to walk to the bedroom.  Why did you drink so much when you need sleep, handsome Aeras Prince?”
“You’re so annoying,” Leon scowled, trying to push Logan away again, and staggering in the process.
Logan tightened his hold around Leon to make sure they didn’t fall.  It felt good to hold Leon.  It felt so good.  He led Leon to the bedroom wishing this could last but knowing it couldn’t.
Leon sighed and mumbled out.
“Have I told you that you’re annoying?”
“Am I?” Logan asked, entering Leon’s bedroom. "How annoying?"
“Very,” Leon said, nodding his head.  “So annoying.”
The covers were already pulled back on the huge bed in the middle of the room.
“Your bed is very inviting, Leon.  Look at that.  I bet you fall asleep in seconds once you get on it.  I bet you don’t have to worry about comfortable sheets on this—”
“I worry about you,” Leon mumbled, as he sat on the bed with a sigh.
Leon closed his eyes, and fell back on the comfortable mattress. His next words were slurred, but Logan heard them clear enough.
“Why did you refuse to stay with me? Why don't you want me?”
Logan stood staring at Leon at a loss.  Leon breathed in and rolled to his left side, across the bed.  He was asleep.  Logan knew he could not leave him this way.  Sliding his arms under Leon, he lifted him up and shifted to make sure Leon’s head would rest on his comfortable pillows. Which left Logan half-kneeling on the large bed.  He started to move away.
Then, Leon clutched his shirt tight, holding him in place.
Logan looked down to find sad gray eyes watching him.
“Do you know how much I’ve missed you?” Leon asked.  “I'm suffocating from being alone, Logan.  Did you ever miss me, at all?”
***

11
Leon woke up at five a.m. in the morning the next day, his head feeling heavy.  A soft groan slipped from his lips and he rolled to his left side.  Painkillers and brandy were the devil, he should never have tangled with either, but they numbed the pain now flaring in his chest.
He could not bear the thought of David in hospital.  Reaching for his phone on the bedside table, he rubbed sleep from his eyes and found Dr. Joley’s number.  He called her and sat up when she answered on the second ring.
“David?”
“He’s had a quiet night,” Dr. Joley said.  “No complications, we’re keeping an eye on him.  Miss Sadie has not left his side for even a second.”
“Accommodate her needs without exception,” Leon insisted, getting out of bed.  “Don’t hesitate to call me if anything changes.”
“You know I’ll call,” Dr. Joley assured him.  “Take care of yourself.”
Leon ended the call and dumped his phone on his bed.  Pushing fingers through his hair, he headed to the shower.  Today, he would take on all of David’s responsibilities until David was well enough again.
In the shower, he let the hot water soak his hair before he dumped shampoo on his head.  His hair was filled with suds when he recalled a blurry conversation late last night.
Logan leading him to bed, talking about hotel sheets, and him…
Leon groaned opening his eyes in mortification.  Soap got into his eyes and he cursed when he rubbed at them with his fists only to add more suds.  Stepping under the water, he closed his eyes and washed away the soap fast.  When he was done, he pushed wet hair back from his forehead and wondered if he had not gone crazy in his drunkenness.
‘Do you know how much I’ve missed you?’
Leon groaned and stepped up to press his forehead to the wall.
“Why would you ask that?” he asked, with a sigh.  “Idiot.”
Shaking his head, he finished his shower and came out wrapping a towel around his hips after drying.  He was busy brushing his teeth when a knock came at the bathroom door.  He glanced up when the door opened expecting to see Dax.
Instead, there stood Logan, delicious in a white t-shirt and dark jeans.  He suffered a mad urge to stroke the dark stubble on Logan’s jaw.
Leon leaned over the sink to spit out the foam filling his mouth.
“What are you doing here?” Leon asked, slapping the water on to rinse his toothbrush.
“Morning to you too,” Logan said, coming in without invitation.  He carried a tube of ointment and a pack of bandages.  “You look better than last night.  Do you have a headache?  Hangovers are killer in the morning.”
“No.  I don’t need anything.  You should head down to get dressed.”
“Nuh-uh, your arm needs tending.  Otherwise, you’ll catch an infection.  Dax is handling breakfast.  He insisted on getting my suit pressed, otherwise I’d be fully dressed by now.”
Logan waited for Leon to finish at the sink before he took Leon’s left arm and turned him so that he leaned on the counter.  He took his time inspecting Leon’s wound on his right upper arm.
Leon swallowed hard and tried to ignore Logan’s close proximity, but it was difficult.  He didn’t remember getting an answer from Logan last night.  He had been drunk yes, but he always remembered all his stupidity.  He wished he could be like Riku who forgot everything he did when he was drunk.  He was not that lucky.  No, he remembered every minute of his insane lack of control.  What had he been thinking?
“Your wound is healing nicely,” Logan murmured with approval, his breath brushing against Leon’s skin.
Leon closed his eyes and wondered if he shouldn’t have a serious talk with Dax later.  This had to be Dax’s doing, pulling Logan this close.  Letting out a sigh, he started to tell Logan that he would take care of the wound himself, but then Logan started applying cool ointment on his wound.
“This stuff is the best.  I’ve used it before,” Logan said.  “It reduces the pain, and speeds up healing.  You’ll feel better soon enough.”
Leon imagined Logan had needed the wound ointment after gaining injuries during his top-secret missions.  The ones that helped him raise his rank.  The thought made Leon bite his bottom lip hard.
He wished he had the right to ask about them now.
To ask, how many times Logan had needed to recuperate.  Did he have someone to take care of him through the pain?  Why did Logan need to keep placing himself in danger?
Leon let out a soft sigh, and looked away from where Logan was busy applying a silicon soft bandage.
“You’re probably wondering why I didn’t answer your question last night,” Logan said, making Leon turn fast to meet warm blue eyes.  “I guess you were.”
Leon shook his head and forced himself to look away from Logan.
“I was drunk.  I shouldn’t have asked—”
“I needed you sober to understand my answer,” Logan said, stroking a thumb over the edges of the bandage to make sure it was secure.
Logan didn’t move away from Leon after he was done, instead, his strong fingers held Leon’s right elbow in a firm hold.  To keep him in place, Leon realized when his only urge was to walk away from this conversation out of fear.
“Look at me, Leon,” Logan’s gentle request was hard to ignore.
Leon turned to Logan because he could not do otherwise.  He never could.
“You seemed sure about us in Seville,” Logan said, holding his gaze.  “I—I had reservations and you knew it.  Six months was too short a time together.”
“Not for me,” Leon felt compelled to say.  “I wanted you, Logan.”
I still want you, Leon added to himself.
“I know,” Logan said, agreeing.  “It was different for me though.  I’ve always worked for everything I have.  My career was on the verge of a huge break, and after your parents died—”
“You got a chance to prove your worth to The Crown,” Leon said, having read the reports his grandmother had felt compelled to send him.  “I know about the mission to capture the man who killed them.  I suspect you were involved.  Working under Stevens and Steele, you had to be.”
“Leon.”
“I don’t fault you for wanting to work for your future,” Leon said.  “It’s admirable, Logan.  I’m proud of you, and thank you.  We don’t have to discuss this anymore.”
“Yes, we do.”  Logan’s hold tightened on his arm.  “You seem to think I don’t care about you.   That I only care about advancing my career…”
Leon looked at Logan then, curious.
“But, I do care, Leon.  Yes, I missed you too.  Very much,” Logan stated, sending Leon’s heartbeat into a wild dance.  “I just—, you’re—, I’m—”
Leon understood.
Logan was still looking at who Leon was to Queen Amethea of Aeras.
“I once asked you to see me, Logan.  Just me,” Leon said.  “The Leon who can live for endless days content to kiss you, the Leon who would walk away from his family for you.  Why can’t you look past this goddamn title?  I didn’t choose it, you know.  I—”
Leon closed his eyes, shaking his head.  He had lost so much already.  Was he to live without the love of his life too?
Taking in a breath, he moved away from Logan.
“I’m sorry about last night.  I should never have brought up this topic.  You’re free to live your life, Logan, as am I.  It’s been four years.  Surely, we can move on and be friends.  I’d really like that.”
“Leon.”
“There is too much to do today,” Leon said, giving up on drying his hair.  He hurried for the bathroom door.  “I should get dressed.”
Leon turned the knob and started to step out, and then Logan spoke.
“I broke your heart when you asked me to stay with you and I walked away.”  Logan stated.  “I’m sorry for that, Leon.  I don’t want to be your friend.”
Leon’s fingers tightened over the doorknob at the stab of pain at those words.  He had hoped they could stay close as friends.  He could manage with that, at least.  If Logan didn’t want it—
“I want more,” Logan said, cutting through his pain.  “I want you, Leon.”
Leon turned to Logan blinding hope sweeping through him.
“You’ve said that before,” he blurted out.
“I won’t run away this time,” Logan promised.  “No matter what happens, I’ll earn your trust again.  I hope you’ll give me the chance to try.”
Leon wanted to jump in joy, do an excited dance, call Riku and brag about this, but then…he cleared his throat and nodded at Logan, keeping cool.  He left the bathroom and hurried to his walk-in closet.  Closing the doors, he leaned on them and grinned wide, happy for the first time in four years.
Logan wants a second chance with me, he thought.
Leon bit back a happy laugh and almost thanked the person trying to kill him for bringing Logan back into his life.
Later in the afternoon, after going through half a dozen meetings, Leon arrived at David’s main office, a building tucked away in an upscale part of the city.  Leon’s phone buzzed and he stopped to answer it only to have Logan placed a firm hand on his back.  He looked up to find Logan smiling at him.
“Do everything indoors, nothing outside,” Logan explained, leading him into the building set up like a cottage.
David told him once that it was where David's great-grandparents had first lived, years ago.  Now, the Corentin family used the cottage as the head office to manage all Corentin businesses.  Leon needed to meet with David’s business managers to discuss the way forward.
Once they were inside, Leon answered his call when he saw Riku’s caller ID.
“I’ve landed in your Kingdom,” Riku said.
Leon could not help the smile.
“How much did you push back?” Leon asked, wondering how many appointments Riku had set aside for his own business in order to fly to Aeras.
“Leon, I have a very valuable team,” Riku boasted.  “They have strict orders to manage the ship while I’m gone.  Besides, if Sadie won’t have you, she’ll have to put up with the rest of us.  Petr will land later in the day.”
“He follows you like a magnet,” Leon teased, feeling lighter, the weight pressing on his shoulders getting easier to carry.
Riku made an unimpressed sound.
“Anselm will be here tomorrow, Paul has to wrap things up and he’ll be here in a week.  We’ll support Sadie and David.”
“Don’t forget to tell me when he wakes up,” Leon said, thinking of David who had yet to wake up.
“You’ll know,” Riku promised.  “You have to do something for me too, Leon.”
“What?” Leon asked, watching David’s team approach him.
Logan blocked their way, and Leon stepped behind him so that he could complete his call with Riku.
“You concentrate on staying safe.  I hate black suits.  They make me look pale.  I don’t want to wear one.”
Leon stared at Logan’s back, strong and reassuring, he felt invincible with Logan beside him.  Holding back the urge to reach out and touch Logan’s back, Leon answered Riku.
“I promise.”
His words drew a curious gaze from Logan.  Leon thought at that moment that a curious Logan was his most favorite.
Slipping his cellphone into his pocket, Leon walked around Logan and extended his hand to David’s head business manager.
“Afternoon, Mr. Bishop,” Leon said.  “Thank you for agreeing to meet me today…”
***
Logan hammered in a post in the right corner of the field Leon used for his morning runs.  Leon came out here running for almost an hour every morning.
Logan finished with the post, adjusted the camera mounted on it, and then checked his watch to see that the connection was working right.  He made a few more adjustments, glad to see the frame covered the field.  Trees surrounded the track field.  They had installed sensors there, but they needed constant checks.
Logan turned on his walkie-talkie and called to John in the security office.
“What’s the status on the sensors in the surrounding trees?”
“All working, no problems, boss,” John answered.
“Keep up a constant check on them, pass it down the line,” Logan said.
“Yes, Boss.”
Logan took a moment to take in the track field.
No matter the measures they took, this field remained a weak spot but he could not ask Leon to stop running.  Leon seemed to find release in the act of running.
The past two weeks had turned into a whirlwind of work.  Between securing the castle, running an intense investigation and keeping up with Leon’s schedule, no one had a moment to breath.  Not even Leon.
Leon hardly slept and woke up too early to run on this track field.
David was recovering though he was still in the hospital.
Logan could not forget the tears that filled Leon’s eyes when David woke up.  Coupled with acute relief that David was going to be okay.  Seeing Leon’s tears had made Logan want to find the culprit and spend an hour hitting him.
David’s doctor expected he had two weeks more until full recovery.  Leon’s response to his best friend in hospital was taking on most of David’s duties.  An insane feat as Leon’s own set of commitments, separate from the hotel, were enough to stagger the strongest of donkeys.  The extra workload meant Leon had worked every waking hour for the last two weeks without stop.  He slept four hours and woke up to repeat the same grueling schedule.
Petr and Riku were staying at David’s house with Anselm.  Paul was to fly in a few days.
Their presence centered Leon, but it did nothing to alleviate the stress of an investigation that was stuck.
Logan knew that Petr was sourcing information on the attempts on Leon’s life using his own network.
So far, all they had was a bullet fragment from the forest and a pair of scissors laced with poison.
Logan had the secondary team reinvestigating the previous incidents hoping the culprit had made a misstep but nothing had turned up yet.  The yacht that blew up was scrap, and the Ferrari had undergone a full maintenance job leaving no evidence.
Shirley was running background checks on the hotel staff working shifts on the opening day, but it was tedious work.  They had not turned up any solid leads.
Logan sighed, frustrated.
It felt like they were stuck waiting for the next attempt on Leon.  The thought left a bad taste in his mouth.
Logan climbed down the ladder he was using.  He carried it to the tool shed in the back corner of the castle.  It was only four o’clock in the afternoon.  Dinner would be at six o’clock.  He had two hours of downtime until then.
Leon was home this afternoon.
Logan hoped Leon tried to get in some rest before another busy day tomorrow.
Meanwhile, he needed to make a call in to Commander Stevens.
****
Leon changed into casual jeans and a t-shirt looking forward to a quiet afternoon at home.  He wondered if he might convince Logan’s team to hang out with him.  The billiard room could use lively noise.  He placed his suit jacket on a hanger and slid it on the rack Dax used for clothes that needed dry cleaning.  He was about to leave the closet when he saw the camera case he kept on its own shelf.
His thoughts on Logan, Leon crossed to the shelf and unzipped the bag before he knew what he was doing.
Memories, that’s what the camera staring at him represented, so many of them.  At some point in the past four years, those memories had almost suffocated him.  He had needed to keep his camera hidden in here to get room to breathe.  He touched the lens and reached for the battery, wanting to charge it.
A video call rang and he answered it while he was busy plugging the camera charger.
“Leon?”
It was his grandmother.
“One second,” Leon said, finishing up with the charger.
He made sure the battery was charging before he hurried into his bedroom.  He stopped when he saw his grandmother sitting at her desk in her private office at the palace.
“Hi, Granny,” Leon greeted, smiling at her.  “You look well.”
“I want to say the same about you,” Amethea said, then sat looking at him for a full minute.  He kept his silence, letting her.  “You look so much like Kleo every day.”
Leon rubbed his nose for a second and then looked away.
She was missing his dad, he thought.
She always called him when she was missing his parents.
“I heard David is in hospital,” Amethea said, after sometime.  “Dr. Joley is taking care of him.  I’ve directed my people to make sure she has everything she needs.  I’m hurt you didn’t call me.  I waited two weeks to see if you would tell me in person.”
Leon held her gaze for a minute and then shook his head.
“I’ve been busy taking care of David’s affairs,” Leon explained.  “I assumed Dax made the necessary reports.”
“You should be ashamed of making your grandmother envious of David.  You worry for his affairs, what about your own family?  Dax is not my grandson,” Amethea snapped.  “You are, Leon.  How many times must I repeat that before you hear it?”
Leon kept his silence.
The pain lacing his grandmother’s words never lessened.  It seemed to deepen each time, but he still didn’t have the strength to face it.  The strength to face all she was, he just did not have it.
“I will ask you again,” Amethea said.  “Move into the palace, Leon.  Come and stay by my side.  No one will dare touch you then.”
“I decline,” Leon said, lowering his head in apology.  “I can’t, Granny.  Please—”
“If I make a decree, you’ll have no choice,” Amethea said, angry.
“Please don’t make me,” Leon begged, shaking his head.  “Don’t force me into the palace.  There is no guarantee that I won’t end up dead like my parents in that place.  Let me manage my life.”
“Your life is this Kingdom’s future.”
“Then the Kingdom is doomed.  I can barely manage this castle,” Leon scoffed and shook his head.  “Don’t joke, Granny.”
“Who says I’m joking?” Amethea asked.
Leon folded his arms against his chest.
“Gia has visited me twice, asking me to ignore your summons.  She must have heard you talking about succession.  Can you stop?  You’re making her worried,” Leon said.  “I can’t handle another visit from her.”
Amethea sighed.
“Leon, there are things I need to tell you that cannot be discussed on a call like this.  Only then can you understand Gia’s panic.  You’ll know why she seeks to keep you away from me.  Her life is about to change drastically whether she wants it or not.”
“Shake your head all you want,” Amethea said, when he stepped back in panic.  “These changes are inevitable.  I’m asking you to come into the palace, nicely.  If you don’t, I’ll have the Royal Diet force you here.”
“Granny!”
“I have been a grandparent to you,” Amethea said, her tone enough to let Leon know he was no longer dealing with his grandmother.  “I’ve allowed you freedom to play and resist The Crown’s needs for four years.  It is time to step up, Prince Leon.  I’m not growing younger.  I’ll give you a month to respond to my summons.  If you don’t, I’ll let the Royal Diet handle the matter.”
The call ended, leaving Leon standing in his bedroom staring at the glass screens on his wall.  His grandmother’s ultimatum left him breathless.  He had pushed her thinking she would give up her crazy ideas if he resisted longer.  He hoped she would see reason and pull his older cousins into the throne.
Damn it, the Kingdom of Aeras had a very strong Royal Diet.  The queen might be the head of the royal family, but the Royal Diet ruled all their lives, even the queen.  They were the voice of the people.  The Royal Diet kept them all in the style the Kingdom of Aeras wanted to portray to the world.  If the officials in that council summoned him into the palace, the law would force Leon to appear at the palace.
He would have no freedom of their decision.
Running fingers through his hair, Leon walked back into his closet and checked the camera’s battery.
It was charged.
Dax must have maintained it for him.  Taking the camera bag, Leon decided to step out of the cage he had created for his tattered soul for a few hours.
If only to clear his head…for a while.
***
Logan returned the ladder to its place in the neat storeroom.  He made sure to lock the tool shed, as Dax expected.  Logan then took in a deep breath of the fresh air that was so abundant at Castle Arguro.  Letting it out slow, a frown danced on his forehead.
Dax was worried that Leon would crash from exhaustion soon.
He’s not the only one, Logan thought.
Leon was using his insane schedule as an escape.  It was hard watching Leon drive himself to the edge.
Logan suspected Leon blamed himself for David’s condition and so preferred to sink his thoughts and efforts into work.  To the point that Leon had forgotten why Logan and his team moved into the castle.  Never pushing for the status of their investigation into who wanted Leon dead.
Which is okay, Logan thought.
He didn’t mind the silence on the matter right now.
Their culprit had remained quiet these last two weeks, making no new attempts on Leon.
Logan knew it was because he kept Leon’s schedule tightly guarded.  Never once letting anyone outside his main security circle know where Leon would be before time.  Even Dax remained in the dark until five minutes before Leon’s next appointment.
Dax had complained about it but Logan had refused to back down, needing the element of surprise.
Logan wanted to free Leon from the fear that was plaguing him.
So, he was thinking of hatching a plan to bait their culprit.
Logan just needed to find the perfect location and time.  For that, he needed to keep Leon’s schedule tightly guarded, that way, no one would know where Leon was at any time.  He had the framework for the plan, but he needed a team, separate from his.
Logan started to head back into the castle to call Commander Stevens.
Impatience rolled through him when his watch beeped.  He glanced at it in time to see a shadow walking down the utility tunnel he had discovered on the west side of the castle grounds.
Logan had mounted cameras there, even though the service tunnel led to what seemed like a dead end near a rock formation with a short cliff.  It was a perfect place to hide…
Logan narrowed his gaze studying the figure hurry to the end of the tunnel carrying a bag. 
“Boss,” John came in on his walkie-talkie.  “Prince Leon seems to be running out on us.  I didn’t see him come out of his suite.  There must be a secret passage in his chambers.  He’s carrying a helmet and a bag.  We can stop him in seconds.  What’s your call?”
“Follow but don’t interfere,” Logan said, feeling like a headache was starting.
This was a first.
Leon had never run out on him when he was running his security detail.
Although, Logan remembered, he had read reports of Leon escaping his security when he was in college.
“He’s been too good,” Tom said, already on the move.  “I’m switching communication back to earpiece.  I’ve alerted the secondary team and we’re on him.”
“It’s always exciting here at Castle Arguro,” John said with a chuckle, shutting off the walkie-talkie.
A helmet meant a motorcycle.
Logan zipped up his jacket and walked around the castle to Leon’s extensive garage.
“Pierre,” Logan called into the large room.
Leon’s previous driver appeared from under an old green Volkswagen Bug in the corner.  Leon was having Pierre restore it after finding it in a farm he visited a week ago.  His excitement at finding the old car was lost on Logan.  Leon refused to share the secret, only insisting that he knew someone who would love it.
“Do you maintain a motorcycle for Prince Leon?”
Pierre smiled.  The knowing kind of smile that meant Logan had no clue.  He got a lot of those from Pierre.  They were still on hate-each-others-guts level.  Logan found Pierre’s over the top devotion to Leon a tad discomforting.  He had already ran multiple backgrounds on Pierre. 
“He has a fleet of them,” Pierre said.  “He loves motorcycles.  Why?”
“I want to borrow one,” Logan said, when he spotted the powerful machines lining the back of the garage.
He smiled at Pierre’s unwilling expression and walked to a black Ducati.  The superbike looked gorgeous enough to lust over.  Leon had the sexiest toys, Logan thought as he swung his leg over the stunning baby, dangerous, but the sexiest toys.
“Keys?” Logan prompted a frozen Pierre.  “Come on, Pierre.  You know, I only ever want to protect Prince Leon.”
“He loves these motorcycles.  He says they give him freedom.  If any harm comes to them—”
“I’ll take care of it,” Logan promised, holding his hand out for the keys.
Pierre gave him a skeptical glance then moved to take keys from a rack on the counter he used for storage.  He threw them at Logan who caught them in one fluid motion.
Wearing the helmet resting on the handles, Logan turned the key and grinned as the black Ducati purred to life.  He drove out of the garage, determined to follow a frustrated prince of the realm.
It did not take him long to find Leon on the winding road down from Castle Arguro.  Sheep Hill Road was the only way up to the castle or down from the castle.  Well, one might decide to rough the Arguro Forest, but he doubted Leon was into that right now.
Leon drove fast but not reckless.  Logan was grateful for that much.  Keeping a safe distance, Logan settled in for the ride when he realized Leon did not have a destination in mind.
Instead, Leon drove along the highway closest to the ocean.  Leon would slow down when the scene was especially fantastic, then when traffic opened up, he would let loose and drive fast.
They rode for a solid hour.
Leon finally stopped in a small town by the ocean; just as the sun was coming down to kiss the horizon.  He parked his motorcycle on the curb along a busy street.
Logan slowed down, watching Leon remove his helmet and slip on a black cap.
Leon opened the bag he carried on his back to retrieve a camera.
Logan could not help his relieved smile.  He had worried that Leon lost this part of him.  He missed watching Leon taking photographs of lush landscapes, and stunning cliffs.
“Secondary team has spread out,” John informed him. “We're covering as much ground as we can.  No one is following us.  Status so far is clear.”
Leon secured his motorcycle and stepped on to the sidewalk with a little stretch.  He was going to walk into the busiest street in the town.  The weather was nice enough for a walk, but this was the worst for security logistics.
Logan found a parking space further down, locking down his motorcycle.  He kept his jacket on to conceal his weapon.  John, Shirley and Tom drove a black jeep turning on to the same street keeping watch, while Logan followed Leon on foot at a slower pace.
***
Leon brought the camera up to his eye.  He adjusted the lens and captured a woman wrapping a scarf around her daughter’s neck.  The wind caught at the silk scarf around her daughter’s shoulders, waving behind her.  He loved the evening light.  The sun fading in the distance, casting shades of yellow and orange over the world.  He took two more shots of the busy street, and then continued his walk through the bustling street.
He loved life in the smaller towns.  The main streets were always alive with activity.  Life here seemed quiet and simple.  Families enjoyed the evening together, lovers laughing, hugging and kissing.  Leon smiled when he captured two men dancing to music played by a band set up in a gazebo in a little park.  He continued down the street until he reached a line of stalls selling street food.
Reaching into his pocket, he found a fifty, unable to stop himself from this transgression.  If Dax saw him, the poor man would break out in a fever.  Dax guarded his food intake like a sentry at war.  Leon was grateful for it, but now he savored this simple joy.
Leon chatted with vendors as he ate thin hot crepes made from chickpea flour.  The seasoned vendors laughed with him when he found the first crepe too hot the first time.  He charmed them into allowing him to take photographs of them at work.  When he was done, an older woman pressed three purple passion fruits into his hands.  He thanked her with a kiss on her cheek and continued walking along the street.
He stopped at a street junction, waiting to cross the road.  He broke one of the passion fruits into two pieces and turned to his right, then left.  The street was busy, but not that crowded that he didn’t notice Logan.
Logan stopped at the vendors who sold Leon the hot crepes buying a taste.
Leon brought his camera up and snapped a picture of Logan biting into the delicious food.  Seeing Logan should have felt suffocating, yet looking at him now, Leon felt assured.  He was glad there was someone watching his back.  Most of all, he was thrilled it was Logan.
***

12
Leon crossed the street and kept walking until he found a trail leading him to the beach.  There was magic in the water when the sun descended into its depths.  Leon spent a few minutes immortalizing the color on the water and the sky with his camera.  When he had enough pictures, he sat on the sand, removed his boots and watched the sunset.
Logan joined him after thirty minutes, choosing to keep a wide gap between them.
“The sun is almost gone,” Logan said.  “We should be getting back.”
“I came out to be alone.”  Leon pointed out, not glancing at him.  “How did you know I left?”
“I discovered your secret tunnel,” Logan said.  “I imagine none of your people know about it, or the passage you used to get there.  Dax would not have neglected to tell me of such a weakness.”
Leon chuckled.
“I’ve used that tunnel a long time.  Don’t make me stop.”
Logan sighed, drawing Leon’s gaze at the weight of it.
“You sound like you’re carrying the world on your shoulders,” Leon said.
“I am when you place your life in danger,” Logan countered.
“If no one knows the tunnel exists, and you clearly have it covered now, then I will be fine,” Leon said.
Logan kept his silence this time.
Leon watched the sunset for a minute.
“Why did you leave today?” Logan asked, breaking his silence.
Leon thought about his grandmother and shuddered.  Being out like this made him scared that he was losing time.  Losing the chance to enjoy every single moment doing what he wanted, being with whomever he wanted.
He glanced at Logan.
If his grandmother saddled him with more responsibilities, what would that mean for Logan?  What would it mean for them, together?
“I’ve been thinking,” Leon murmured, hoping to test the waters.  “Grandmother is overdue in naming Uncle Isaak the crown heir.  Her delay must have placed undue stress on my uncle and his family.  Looking at it from an outsider’s point of view, do you think Grandmother is wrong to delay it so much?”
Logan stayed silent for a full minute before he answered.
“The Queen would not delay her decision without reason,” Logan said.  “The people of Aeras understand her.  Prince Isaak has not been without his faults.  His son, Prince Constantin, has let her down more than once.  It’s not unkind of her to wait.”
Leon nodded, returning his gaze to Logan.
“You wish she would choose none of them,” Leon guessed.
“I’m under qualified to give you that answer.”
Leon blinked then broke into a laugh, amused by Logan’s clear refusal to answer his question.
“You should have considered a diplomatic career like Riku,” Leon said, when his laughter subsided.  “You give answers without giving them.”
“I’d be too bored,” Logan said, looking at him.
Finally, Leon thought, and held that dear gaze.
“I imagine you’re more of an action hero type.”
“Am I?” Logan asked, studying him.
The study lasted longer than Leon expected.  He had always loved when Logan looked at him.  There were people who could look and leave one feeling violated, ignored, dismissed, even irrelevant.
Not with Logan, Leon thought.
When Logan looked at him, he felt visible, happy…wanted, as if he belonged.  It was strange when he should have all those things anyway.  He was not lacking after all, but this was Logan.  He made Leon’s heart skip with a simple smile.
“Leon, how are you really?”
The question made Leon smile.  He had missed the feel of Logan looking at him.  Blue eyes intense, really seeing him, Logan really asking and wanting to know.
“I’m fine,” Leon said, feeling like a liar at that moment.
“You’re not,” Logan stated, calling him out on it.  “I’m afraid that you haven’t been fine since your parents’ funeral.  I see that now.”
Leon looked away because even David had never had the courage to ask him about his pain.  It had been hard at first, his friends had worried, and then he had gotten good at hiding it.
Not from Logan it seemed.
Logan shook his head, drawing Leon’s gaze for a second.
“I still can’t get over that day, you know.  It killed me having to watch you walk that procession alone.”
“I’m their only son,” Leon said, staring at the darkening horizon, memories of his parents’ funeral flooding him.  “It was the least I could do.”
He remembered feeling numb to the noise surrounding him as Dax managed the numerous procedures required of a state funeral.  His grandmother hugging him tight, when he thought he might fall.  His uncle’s family kept their distance, even as they stayed polite and supporting.
Most of all, he remembered the feeling that he was now alone in this life.  Castle Arguro had felt empty from that day on.  He might have lost his mind for a while in the following months before he found his bearings.
“I do miss them,” Leon admitted.  “Some days it feels like a dream and I will wake up and find them laughing in the sunroom downstairs.  My mother loved to tease my father when they were alone.  I’d find them giggling like the love sick couple they were in quiet corners around the castle.  I have thousands of photos of them, including the last day I saw them alive, that I can’t look at anymore.”
“They were my favorite royals,” Logan confessed, making Leon look at him.
Leon’s heart skipped when he saw Logan smile.
He called it a Logan-condition.  He had caught it at Eibsee Lake and there was no hope for a cure.  Logan just needed to stay right next to him so that he could make it.  He smiled wondering what Logan would say to this.
“There was something magical about your parents,” Logan continued.  “They led a quiet life, and doted over you.  I admired them for that, simply living.”
“I didn’t take you for a follower,” Leon said.
“My mom was,” Logan said.  “She ran a tourist treasure shop.  She would keep any interested customers entertained for hours on stories about your parents, or your grandmother.”
Leon stilled, his chest tightening at Logan’s choice of words.
Logan was talking about his mother in the past tense, his shoulders tense.
Leon frowned.  He remembered Logan telling him he could meet her once.  They had been discussing hot chocolate.  Leon had tried to replicate the taste of Logan’s hot chocolate over the years and never come close.
Already sensing the nature of Logan’s sadness, Leon asked, “Does she still make hot chocolate?”
“I’d have to make it for you now,” Logan said, his tone heavy with sadness.
“Tell me,” Leon said, shifting to face Logan.
Logan rubbed his forehead keeping his gaze on the shore.
“My mom passed away about two years ago,” Logan said.  His voice was rough with emotion.  “She got sick.  The doctors did the best they could but it was not enough.”
Leon moved before he could think.  He wrapped his arms around Logan, and held him.  He knew what it was like to lose a parent, to be alone, which Logan was now.
After all, Logan had never talked about other family.
Saying sorry always felt insufficient, Leon thought.
He knelt on the sand, his arms tight around Logan’s broad shoulders.  Logan shifted, resting his forehead on Leon’s shoulder, his arms going around Leon’s back.  Logan held on tight and it was the best feeling in the world.
They stayed like that for a while before Logan spoke.
“I missed you so much.”
Leon closed his eyes, breathing him in. 
“We’re both idiots,” Leon said, echoing David’s constant sentiments.  “You for keeping away, and me, for-for choosing not to find out about you after you left.  Can we make this easier on ourselves, Logan?”
“Aren’t we already trying that out?” Logan asked, amused.
Leon scoffed and ran his fingers through Logan’s short hair.
“There’s the pesky matter of someone trying to kill me and a title you can’t seem to forget.”
“Both of those things do complicate our situation a bit,” Logan said, lifting his head when Leon tagged his head back.
“A bit?” Leon asked, thinking of his grandmother’s order to enter the palace.
He did not even want to think of how Logan would react to that.
Logan smiled in the fading light and acknowledged, “Okay, a lot.”
Leon chuckled and started to move away, but Logan kept holding him tight.
“Just a minute longer,” Logan begged, when Leon leaned against him.
Leon nodded and stroked his fingers over Logan’s hair.  He felt sad that he would miss getting to know Logan’s mom.  He had really wanted to meet the woman who had brought this extraordinary man up.  He would have loved to meet her.
“Next time you visit your mom’s grave,” Leon said.  “Take me with you.  Okay?”
Logan hugged him and nodded, resting his forehead on Leon’s shoulder again.
***
They stayed at the beach for almost an hour.
Logan held Leon through most of that hour feeling as though he was receiving a gift.
At seven-thirty, Logan got up, waited for Leon to wear his boots and then pulled him up too.  Leon cradled his camera as they walked back to the main street.  He started to head to his motorcycle but Logan stopped him with a hand on his elbow.
“Let’s use the SUV this time,” Logan insisted.
Leon started to protest, and then stopped when he saw Logan’s team driving up in a black Jeep.
“You have everything sorted.”
“It’s my job,” Logan smiled.  “John will ride your motorcycle back.  Tom will take mine.”
“As you say,” Leon said, getting his keys from his pocket and handing them to John.
“Give John your jacket, I have one in the car for you,” Logan said, opening the back passenger door for Leon and taking the camera bag.  “Nothing can change.”
Leon removed his leather jacket and handed it to John, then slid into the backseat without any question.
Logan closed the door and turned to John.
“Wear the jacket and the helmet.  You and the Prince are the same height and build.  It should be enough to act as a decoy, just in case.”
“Got it,” John said.  “Have a nice ride back.”
“Yeah,” Logan said, turning to see Shirley in the driver’s seat, the engine running.
Leon sat right behind her.
Shirley gave him a short nod and closed the window on the front passenger seat, so that he couldn’t see her anymore.  A niggling in the back of his head had him opening the back passenger door and sliding into the backseat next to Leon.  He didn’t question this gut feeling, he only closed the door and signaled to Shirley to take off.
The ride back took an hour and a half thanks to evening traffic.  Tom and John drove the motorcycles keeping ahead as it was easier for them to navigate.
Leon fell asleep, tired from his busy day.  His camera in its bag sat on the floor between them.  Leon’s head tilted in the wrong angle.
Logan moved to the middle seat so that he could rest Leon’s head on his shoulder.  He sat still, excited by the prospect of Leon leaning on him.  He was enjoying their new connection.  It was a new layer on their old one with a slow delicious burn.
Looking up, he caught Shirley watching him in the rearview mirror.  He ignored her knowing smile.  Instead, he spent the hour making sure Leon was comfortable.  He savored the simple joy of having Leon so close.  He hoped they would have more time together.  
Shirley started up the road that led up to Castle Arguro.  She slowed down at the intersection to allow way for a service truck.  Tom and John slowed ahead on their motorcycles, wanting to match Shirley’s speed.  The jeep’s head lights caught at their motorcycle plates, shone on Tom and John’s helmets.
A second later, Logan sat up as Tom leapt off his motorcycle.
Gunshots rained on the motorcycles in the next minute, and Logan shoved Leon to the floor of the jeep.  Gun in hand, gaze searching their surroundings, he cursed when he saw no assailants, but Tom’s motorcycle went down.  John already off his as Tom pulled him out of the line of fire.
Leon, woken from his sleep, crouched low on the floor, his fingers digging into the expensive leather of the driver’s seat when a round of bullets hit the side of the black jeep.
Logan met frightened gray eyes.
“I’ve got you,” Logan said.  “Trust me.”
****

13
Bullets hit the side of the Jeep, metal clawing its way into metal.  It was so loud, Leon wanted to jump out of the jeep and run.  Logan would not let him.  A strong arm pushed him lower to the floor, holding him down in a crouch.  Logan’s tone remained calm as he gave orders to Shirley and the rest of the team.  The Jeep started moving again.
Leon assumed they were heading to the castle.  It was only a minute away at top speed.  The gunshots continued.
Logan’s arm tightened around Leon’s shoulders, his hold firm.
“Faster Shirley,” Logan’s voice filled Leon’s head.  “Command, this is A-Team.  We’re heading to agreed exfil point one, full support required.  We have two left on the ground in hot pursuit with B-Team support.  No injuries, hostiles unknown.”
The Jeep jerked hard, Leon held on to the front seat, his legs folded under him.  He sat tucked in behind the driver’s seat protected by the door on his left and Logan on his right.  It pained him to have Logan so exposed.
Leon wanted Logan protected too.  His heart sped up at the thought of Logan shot.  He wanted this to end.  He wanted the person shooting at them caught.  Anger bloomed, and he bit his bottom lip hard as he realized that he needed the power to do something about this awful situation.
“We’re on Grand Street, heading in at top speed,” Logan’s voice filtered back into his head.  “Castle Arguro is not an option…wait, Shirley turn left here.  Take Riod Street into the back entrance of the Anastasia Grand.  Commander Stevens has a team in place, the top floor is secure.”
Leon started to raise his head so that he could see out but Logan wouldn’t let him.
“We’re almost there, Leon,” Logan soothed.  “A few more minutes, and we’ll have you in a secure place.”
Leon tried to relax, but his muscles felt tense.  He was sweating too much, and his ears were ringing.
“Shirley, you’ll take point,” Logan said.  “Lockdown information from anyone at Castle Arguro, we have a breach there.  There will be no access to the top floor without direct orders from above.”
Logan relaxed his hold on Leon when they drove into the underground parking lot at the Anastasia Grand Hotel.  He kept Leon on the floor, not allowing him to raise his head.  Shirley stopped the Jeep right at the elevator doors.
Logan opened the door to his right, and slid out first, allowing Leon to come out only when a team of men in black suits covered the Jeep.  Leon allowed Logan to help him out and held on to Logan’s hand when they entered the elevator, just the two of them.  The ride to the top floor went fast, and once they arrived, the elevator doors slid open.  Leon stared at the officers walking the hallway leading to the penthouse.
“Lieutenant Commander,” one of them said giving Logan a smart salute.  “The floor is empty, the penthouse is clear.  We have access locked down as ordered.”
“Thank you,” Logan said, guiding Leon to the first double doors on the hall.  He opened the door with a keycard Leon recognized from the opening day.  “You’re safe here, Leon, for now.”
Leon walked into the huge suite in a state of disbelief.  He sank into an armchair and for a full minute, sat staring at the closed blinds.
“Leon?”
Leon blinked when he felt Logan’s hand on his knee.  Logan crouched studying him with a worried gaze.
“Are you alright?  Did you get hurt?” Logan took his hands and checked his arms.  “I pushed you down pretty hard.  You didn’t knock your head or anything, did you?”
“No,” Leon shook his head.  “I’m fine.  No hurts.”
Logan nodded and squeezed his hands.
“Breathe, Leon.”
Leon held Logan’s blue gaze for a second, and then he took in a deep breath and let it out slowly.  It came out shaky and his hands trembled.
“We made it out,” Logan soothed, reaching up to brush strands of hair out of Leon’s face.  “You did so well listening to me, you didn’t panic once.  I’m proud of you.”
Leon tried a smile, but he couldn’t muster the energy to give more than a slight curve.
“I need to make a few phone calls,” Logan said, keeping his tone gentle.  “Before that, I’m going to confess something to you, Leon.”
Leon studied their clasped hands.
“You’re still in the Royal Navy.  You’re on a mission,” Leon said, having realized that much.  He should have known when Logan came to him.  “I’m that mission.”
Logan squeezed Leon’s hand.
“I told you to ask me if you wanted to know, but you never did.  Everything I’ve done is to keep you safe.  You have to know that.  I would use everything available to me to protect you.”
Leon studied Logan’s hand holding his.  The fear he felt in the car, as gunshots rained on his car, lingered.  Sinking deeper into him like molten lava taking root.  He was aware that while he didn’t want to die, he had worried more for Logan.  He didn’t want to imagine a world without Logan.  It would be too hard. He never wanted to see Logan stand in front of him to save him from a bullet.  Like seeing David poisoned instead of him, the thought sickened him.
Logan mattered to him, mattered so much…he swallowed.
“You saved me,” Leon said, after a minute.  “I would not have survived alone tonight.  We’ll figure out the rest.”
Logan leaned up to press a kiss on Leon’s forehead.  Leon closed his eyes at the caress.
“Take a shower,” Logan said, touching Leon’s cheek with the back of his right hand.  “Since the opening day, we’ve stocked this place with some of your clothes.  It was our contingency plan.  Shirley will bring your camera in a few.  I need to check on John and Tom.”
Logan got up and Leon clung to his right arm.
“You’re not leaving, are you?” Leon asked, worried.
He didn’t want to be alone, not after…
“I’m staying here with you,” Logan promised, helping Leon up, and leading him to the bedroom.  “I need to make phone calls, and set up a communications station here so that we can get more information.”
Leon nodded.
“Can I call Riku or Petr?”
“Not yet,” Logan said, shaking his head.  “I’ll let you know when you can.  Take a shower, Leon.  It will help clear your head and help you rest.”
***
“The asset is on the run.  We underestimated Leon’s detail.  Their response on the open attack is too coordinated for a small security company.  We’re almost burned.”
“Explain.”
“The teams after our asset are equipped with elite military grade weapons and full surveillance support.  He is not good enough to evade them.  They will catch him.  We’ll need to eliminate him to get a clean break.  The open attack was wrong so soon after the poisoning at the hotel.  The Prince took measures to prevent attacks on his life though our asset might have succeeded tonight.  We won’t know until morning.”
Constantin paced the length of his desk in his study.  He had worked hard to make sure there would be no backlash, no connection to him.  Hope bloomed at that last part of the other man’s report.  His meticulous planning would have finally paid off.
His cousin seemed to have more luck than Midas.  It wasn’t normal to survive that many attempts on a life.
“Okay, I’ll wait to see results tomorrow morning.  As for the asset, he was useful when he shot at Leon at Castle Arguro, are you sure we can’t save him?”
“They are too close.  If they identify him as the shooter at Arguro Forest as well, we won’t be far behind.”
“That’s too bad, close the books on him.  If the asset failed tonight, then we’ll activate the asset Leon has been seeing.  Offer Hansen the same terms as the others and make sure you secure his collateral before you call him.  I want him resolved enough to go through with our plans.”
“I will get it done.”
“I’m expecting a state funeral and nothing less.  Otherwise, you’ll have me to deal with.  There is no option for failure,” Constantin said, shaking his head.  “There is too much riding on the outcome.  Do you understand?”
“I understand.”
Constantin ended the call and gripped his cellphone tight anger blazing through him.  He could not even begin to figure out how his cousin had gotten so lucky each time.
Oh how he hated Leon Nicholas Raphael Maximillian, the prince born with a silver spoon in his mouth.  Leon’s parents had loved him.  They took the time to educate him, give him knowledge and attention.  They might have lived at Castle Arguro but it might as well have been the Capital Palace.  Most of all, Leon had their grandmother’s affection.  He was her favorite grandson, though she never said it, anyone with eyes could see it.
Constantin dropped his phone on his desk.  Full support meant the government was protecting Leon.  It made things harder, but not impossible.
He should have known that Queen Amethea would look to Leon when it came to crowning the heir.  He should have known it the second Leon’s parents died.
He needed Leon gone, only then would the world be his.
***
Gia came looking for her older brother hoping to talk to him about their father’s continued investigation.  Her mother worried, and their father kept having angry outbursts with each investigation discovery.  At this rate, he was going to break all the precious vases in their sunroom.
Gia had not expected to eavesdrop on her brother’s phone call.  She had not expected the menace in his words right before that call ended.
‘I’m expecting a state funeral and nothing less.’
Had Constantin really said that?  The hate in his voice made her shiver.  So much so, she had to lean on the wall outside Constantin’s study.  Her heart pounded fast in her chest, she worried her brother would hear it.
Her brother’s fix for their father’s current problems…it couldn’t be.
A state funeral…Gia gaped.
Could it mean that he wanted to hurt their grandmother?
Their father was going crazy with the possibility that he might have lost the throne.  Her mother supported her father and seemed to have no opinion on the matter.  Leon lived at Castle Arguro, not caring one whit about palace politics.
If their grandmother died, Isaak would take the right to the throne without contest.  Which would make Constantin the crown heir with no contest.
Gia shook her head, wondering what she should do next.  She had come to Constantin hoping to find a solution instead…
This was wrong.
Gia slipped out of her heels and bent down to pick them up.  She didn’t want Constantin to know she had been at his door, or that she’d heard his hateful words.  She walked down the hallway as fast as possible, and once she made the first turn to the exit, she started running.
Gosh, why couldn’t her family be normal?
It was bad enough that authorities were busy investigating her father for murder, now Constantin was planning one.
She ran hard, her vision blurring.  When she stopped running to swipe her right arm over her eyes, she found herself standing at the doors that led into her grandmother’s private residence.
“Princess Gia,” Olivier greeted her, standing a few feet behind her.  “What brings you here at this late hour?”
Gia turned to stare at him, her thoughts in chaos.
“Princess Gia?” Olivier prompted.  “Your shoes—”
“I want to see grandmother,” Gia pleaded, tears filling her eyes again.  “Please ask her not to refuse me.  I need to talk to her.”
Olivier studied her for a moment then nodded and the guards opened the doors for her.
Gia followed Olivier into her grandmother’s residence.  They climbed wide sweeping stairs to the second floor to the Queen’s private study, where she knew her grandmother preferred to meet the family.
Olivier turned in the opposite direction of that room, leading her to the left instead of to the right.  He stopped at double doors and knocked once.
“Yes,” Amethea said.
Olivier opened the door and stepped back to allow Gia into the comfortable sitting room.
Amethea sat on the couch, her gaze on a screen opposite her with a tray with fresh coffee and snacks on the table in front of her.  She was watching an old black and white movie.  She turned away from the screen and frowned when she saw Gia.
“Gia,” Amethea said in surprise.
“I’ll leave you alone,” Olivier said, slipping out of the room and closing the door behind him.
Gia turned to Amethea, unable to hold back the tears flooding her eyes.  They seemed to come faster at the sight of her grandmother.
Amethea stood with a sigh.
“Look at the mess of you,” Amethea said, crossing the distance between them.
She wrapped her arms around Gia.
Gia dropped her shoes on the floor and sunk into her grandmother’s comfort.  The fear growing inside her burst out in a wild wave.
“Granny, your life’s in danger,” Gia cried.  “Your life is really in danger.  What are we going to do?”
***
“How is John?” Logan asked, watching Tom’s feed on the screen.
“John took a hit on his left arm.  He’s getting the bullet removed,” Tom reported.  “We’re keeping it under wraps in case you need to exploit that.”
“Current status,” Commander Steele asked.
“We’re in pursuit,” Tom said.  “The secondary team is leaving nothing to chance.  We should have the shooter in less than fifteen minutes.  He’s very familiar with the area.  We’re running to catch up.”
“Don’t lose him,” Logan said.
“Not a chance,” Tom said.
Logan ended the call allowing Tom to concentrate on the task.  His gaze swept over the officials who had arrived at the hotel in full alert mode.  Commander Steele and Commander Stevens stood next to him.  They had brought a team of three, who analyzed information, as it came to them.
Logan was glad he had moved the communication setup to the room opposite Leon’s suite.  He hated to imagine Leon losing privacy over the bastard raining bullets on him.
“I have a plan,” Logan said, facing both Commanders.  “I’d like to utilize this opportunity.  We can discover the culprit’s endgame and his accomplices at the same time.”
Commander Stevens nodded.
“Let’s hear it,” Commander Steele said.
“Allow the one behind this to think the shooter succeeded,” Logan said.  “I imagine the culprit wants Prince Leon dead for a reason.  Allow it to happen, and we uncover their endgame.”
“That’s risky,” Commander Steele said.  “His Highness is important to Her Majesty.  She won’t take kindly to declaring him dead.”
“We must do this because he’s important,” Logan said.  “We’ve been chasing the culprit for weeks, it’s getting redundant.  We need to take on a more aggressive approach.  I have the operation mapped out and was going to call Commander Stevens this evening to get approval.”
Logan sent his plans to the main terminal from his phone and turned to Commander Steele.
“The attackers are getting too bold to wait, so we need to act fast.  We can’t stop them without more information.  This is the only way to obtain new intel.  We need Her Majesty’s approval, of course, but once she gives it, we can have everything in place by morning.”
Commander Steele narrowed his gaze for a second and then nodded.
“Alright, I’ll give your OP a look.  It’s been a long night for you, Lt. Commander Mason.  Why don’t you head back to His Highness’s side, make sure he doesn’t leave unnoticed,” Commander Steele said, nodding to the door.  “I’ll have Shirley keep you and your team updated.”
Logan nodded at Shirley who moved to take his place.  He caught Commander Steven’s eye before he turned to leave, hoping they decided to take on his plan.
He never wanted to see Leon shaking with fear again.
Logan went through the open door to Leon’s suite door.  He swiped his keycard and entered the quiet suite.  He closed the door and made sure to lock it.  
Glancing at his watch, he wasn’t surprised to discover that it was almost ten o’clock at night.  Climbing the stairs, he decided to check on Leon, take a shower and then go to sleep.
He was just finished dressing after his shower when he heard a cry come from Leon’s bedroom.
***
Leon dreamed of standing in a cold morgue.  The image was so clear it felt real.  He shivered, staring at the two cold tables in the middle of the morgue.  The white sheets he knew covered his parents.  The faceless attendant pulled those sheets back and Leon stepped up to look, unable not to, always needing that confirmation.
The cold seemed to seep into his very bones, making him unable to walk.  Every step felt stiff to him, his legs refusing to take a step forward.  When he was close enough, expecting to see his dad’s face, a gasp lodged in his throat when he recognized his own face.  His gray eyes clouded over in death, he suddenly couldn’t breathe.
Panic filled him and a strangled cry escaped.  He brought his hand up to his throat trying to take in air.  He couldn’t look away from the sight of his face in death…
“Leon.”
His name came in an echo.
“Wake up, baby.”
Leon pushed through the heavy fog of sleep, Logan’s voice coming clearer.
“You’re having a bad dream.  Wake up.”
Leon shuddered, hoping Logan was right.  He opened his eyes and gasped in relief at the sight of Logan in the bright bedroom.  Logan helped him sit up and Leon burrowed into him grateful for Logan’s warmth.  It seeped into him, bringing him back from that horror-filled dream to the present.  He breathed in Logan’s clean scent of citrus and cypress.  Leon wrapped his arms around Logan.
“I don’t want to die, Logan.”
“You won’t,” Logan promised, rubbing Leon’s back.  “You have me with you.  Nothing will happen to you.”
Leon closed his eyes and the image of his clouded eyes filled his head.  He opened them and stared instead at Logan’s dark hair, smiling because it was growing.
“Please, stay with me,” Leon heard himself murmur, tired of being without Logan.
“Sure, why not,” Logan rubbed his right hand over Leon’s back.  “Your bed looks more comfortable than the couch out there.”
Leon sighed again.
That was not what he had meant, but he would take it for now.
Logan let him go and climbed onto the bed so that he was on Leon’s left side.  When they were lying down, and Logan pulled Leon into his arms, Leon wished he could have the comfort of Logan’s arms for the rest of his life.
***
It felt good to hold Leon again.
They had fallen asleep almost as soon as he got in bed.  Leon cuddled in his arms as if they had never been apart.  Logan glanced at the time on the clock on the bedside table.  It was almost six o’clock in the morning.
Back at Castle Arguro, Leon would be awake and running around the track field by now.
Logan glanced down at Leon and smiled.  Leon was deep asleep now.  Logan could not fault him for that.  He’d had a rough night.  Brushing gentle fingers through Leon’s hair, he pressed a kiss on top of Leon’s head and tried to move away.
Leon’s arms tightened around him and he stopped, taking a closer look at Leon in the dim room.
“You’re awake,” Logan said with a little chuckle.  “I’ve been thinking you’re asleep.”
“I didn’t want to move and wake you,” Leon said, pressing his face into Logan’s chest.  “If I close my eyes long enough, it feels like we’re back in Seville.  You slept next to me every night.  I miss those days.”
Logan swallowed, reaching behind him to turn on the lamp on his bedside table.  He sunk his fingers into Leon’s hair to tilt his head back so that he could look into Leon’s eyes.
“I miss those days too.”
Leon smiled and shifted even closer, tangling their legs.
“Will you be upset with me if I kiss you?” Logan asked, remembering his first try weeks ago.  “I want to kiss you again, Leon.  I think about it every minute.”
“I always want your kisses, Logan,” Leon said, reaching up to touch the dark shadow on Logan’s jaw. “I just don’t know how to be without them.”
Logan smiled and leaned in, taking Leon’s lips in a soft kiss, one that turned demanding when their lips touched.  Logan took Leon’s lips in a hard kiss, sipping on soft lips, demanding entry into Leon’s hot mouth.  A wave of satisfaction washed over him when Leon moaned, passion rising and Logan shifted over Leon pressing him into the bed, letting him take his weight for a second.  Holding Leon down as he took all he could, all he had wanted for years.  He felt on the edge, Leon’s hands on him bringing him closer.
Logan closed his eyes and held still, fighting for control when Leon dug fingers into his back.  Not wanting to crush Leon with his weight, Logan wrapped his arms around Leon, holding him as he sat up fast with Leon on his lap.
Leon chuckled with exhilaration, wrapping his legs around Logan’s waist.  He trailed kisses along Logan’s jaw to his neck.  Logan hissed when Leon sunk his teeth into the sensitive curve at his neck and shoulder, and then sucked on it.
Logan slipped his hands under Leon’s t-shirt and ran them up the length of Leon’s back, grinning when Leon arched into him at the sensation, throwing his head back with a moan.  Logan met passion filled gray eyes.
“You’re beautiful,” Logan murmured.  “I’d be content with this if it was all I could get.  Just to see you like this is enough.”
“Well, it’s not for me,” Leon caressed Logan’s chin, his fingers moving to trace over Logan’s lips.  “I want more from you, so feel free to take more, Logan.  Be selfish with me.  I want you to be.  I’ve always wanted that from you.”
Logan breathed in and out, his cock hard, feeling like a teenager with no sense of control.  Leon got him here, each time, no matter what was between them.  He read truth in Leon’s eyes, the offer for more was enticing, still insecurities crept in and he decided to give them to Leon.
“I’m afraid you might find my selfish needs suffocating,” he said, pressing his forehead into Leon’s chest, closing his eyes when Leon wrapped his arms around him.  “I can’t share you, or bear the thought of you with another in the future.  It would be too much.”
“My love,” Leon said, resting his chin on Logan’s head.  “If you want it, I’ll be yours forever.”
Logan sighed.
“You can’t make that promise.”
“Yes, I can.” Leon said, no longer murmuring, his fingers tightening in Logan’s hair.  “That’s the one thing grandmother can never interfere in, Logan.  I lo—”
Leon broke off and took in a breath.
Logan lifted his head from Leon’s chest and met gray eyes filled with tears.  Leon was biting his lower lip hard to stop himself from saying words that would tie them together.  He looked afraid but sincere.  It was humbling.
Leon looked away and cleared his throat.
“You started this, finish it,” Leon said, his voice rough.  “Don’t leave me hanging.”
Logan gripped the edge of Leon’s t-shirt and pulled it up.
Their future was unclear, at least to him, but he could give Leon this much.  He wanted it too, desperately.  Taking Leon’s t-shirt off, he started a slow trail of kisses along Leon’s collarbone designed to drive them both into madness.  It was the best kind of madness, the passion-filled kind that would leave them unable to think.  Just touch, feel and drown in ecstasy.  They clung to each other with remembered heat, growing need, and a profound sense of rediscovery.
***
Riku entered David’s hospital room carrying a basket filled with breakfast to feed four.  Petr carried the second one with food for two and any extra visitors.  Sadie got up from the couch where she sat wrapped with a blanket, watching David read a book.
“Morning!” Riku said in greeting.
“Riku,” David said, dropping the book on his lap.  “Please tell Sadie that I’m well enough to get my laptop back, at the least, my phone.”
“Food first,” Riku said, placing the basket on the coffee table near the couch.
Petr followed suit and promptly sat on the couch, already on his phone, typical.  Riku narrowed his gaze at Petr, but decided to ignore him.  He and Petr were a work in progress right now.
Sadie moved the hospital table closer to David, setting it to the right height.  Riku opened the basket and concentrated on setting up breakfast for his best friend.  He liked Sadie, loved her temperament, how she made David smile.  She touched him a lot, small caresses really, sweeping hair out of David’s eyes, or squeezing his shoulder, his arm, holding his hand.  It was sweet, and reminded him of watching Logan and Leon when they were together.
Riku glanced at Petr who was now talking on his phone.  He worried that he would never get that with Petr.  They weren’t a sweet couple, but a highly dysfunctional one.
“Turn the television on.”  David begged Sadie.  “We can watch the news.  It’s always about things that have already happened.  Which won’t upset me.”
Sadie chuckled and reached for the remote control.  She turned on the television, just as Riku settled in the chair nearest David’s bed.  A cup of coffee in hand, and one of the delicious croissants from the café near David’s house, Riku smiled, content and concentrated on enjoying breakfast.
Anselm and Paul showed up thirty minutes later bringing with them more coffee, thanks to Petr.  Riku watched them both kiss Sadie on the cheek and hug her.  They settled on the couch with Petr, while Sadie perched on the bed next to David.  Anselm and Paul teased David when she kissed David on his temple and spent more than a minute making sure his covers were over him.
Riku laughed at their ribbing, meeting Petr’s gaze over David’s bed.  Petr lifted a brow at him, and he shrugged once again ignoring Petr’s pointed look.  He was determined to keep distance between them.
‘Breaking News’
The words filled the television screen, typical of news outlets.
“One of these days, you two are going to meet someone and it will be worse than me and Sadie,” David was telling Anselm and Paul.  “You’ll be mushier than we are now, and we’ll have a hell of a time reminding you how—”
‘…reports are still unclear.  There has been no official statement from the Capital Palace.  His Highness, Prince Leon was coming home from a trip out of town.  He is said to have encountered an armed assailant and was in critical condition before he succumbed to his injuries.’
Riku reached for his phone dialing Leon’s number.  He stood up, fear filling him when Leon did not answer on the second ring.
“Oh God,” Riku said, afraid, “How could we not know this?  The story must be a hoax.”
Petr got up from the couch and came to stand next to him, wrapping an arm around his shoulders.
“Don’t worry,” Petr said, his tone enough to send the worst of the fear away.  “You’re right.  Leon would make sure we knew if something happened to him.”
“Not if he was in critical condition,” David said, already pushing his covers away.  Sadie started to protest but David took her hand and shook his head.  “This is more important.  Leon is one of us and he’s in trouble.  We can’t ignore it.  We stand by each other, Sadie.  Don’t fight me on this.”
Sadie nodded and got off the bed to head to the closet provided by the hospital.  She got David’s shirt and trousers.  While David dressed, Petr made calls, and Riku reached out to his own contacts.
“Guys,” Anselm turned up the volume, pointing to the screen.
Riku held Petr’s left arm tight.
They all watched Dax walk into Thelem Abbey, where Leon’s parents were laid to rest.
“Oh God,” Riku gasped.  “This is…”
“Not happening,” Petr said, shaking him.  “Leon is not dead, Riku.  We’ll get to the bottom of this.”
***
At the top floor of the Anastasia Grand Hotel, Leon stood in the living room staring at news of his supposed death on the screen, anger rising.
“How could you do this?” Leon asked shaking like a branch caught in a storm.  “How dare you make this decision?  Call everyone working with you and tell them to stop running this monstrous story.  I need to talk to Riku, Petr, Anselm, Paul, gosh, David who is in hospital….why would you do this?”
Leon breathed out and turned to glare at Logan waiting for an explanation.  He couldn’t believe that while he and Logan were lost in each other, the Royal Navy had decided to declare him dead.
“You tricked me,” Leon accused.
“Oh, please, that is not true,” Logan said, pouring coffee into his mug.
Leon watched him sit calm at the dining table and felt his anger already dispersing.
It was illegal how Logan seemed to affect him.  He could not even stay mad at the man.
“Come and eat, Leon, you’re going to need your strength to get through this.  Don’t spoil what we did to each other this morning with misplaced anger.”
“Just tell me why,” Leon said, hands at his hips as he stared at the replay of a stressed Dax entering Thelem Abbey.  “Does grandmother know?”
“I’m quite sure she gave the go ahead,” Logan said, buttering a slice of oat and rye bread with raspberry jam.  “You like raspberry jam on yours, right?”
Leon paced in the living room, shaking his head.
“No, this is not right,” Leon said, remembering Riku’s plea.  “At least call Petr, he’ll know to keep quiet.”
“Not a chance,” Logan said.
“Fine, then I’ll call him,” Leon said, heading upstairs to his bedroom.
He remembered leaving his cell phone on the bedside table.  He had plugged it in last night.  It was not on the bedside table.  Staring at the empty surface, he cursed under his breath.  Rushing downstairs, he stopped by Logan’s chair.
“Give me my phone, Logan.”
“I don’t have your phone.”
“Logan.”
“You might have dropped it in the Jeep last night,” Logan said, placing the slice he held on his plate.  He glanced up at Leon.  “Remember?  Bullets raining on the side of the car with a serious determination to kill you, remember that?”
“How can I forget it?” Leon asked.  “Now give me my phone.”
“No.” Logan slammed his palms on the table and pushed his chair back.  He got up and faced Leon.  “What is your opinion on this whole situation, because I haven’t heard it once since I came in?  Are you okay with someone trying to kill you?”
“You know I’m not okay with it,” Leon said, hating that he had to look up to meet Logan’s gaze. 
“Then, why aren’t you mad?  Why don’t you want to catch the culprit?”
“I do, that’s why you’re next to me,” Leon stated.
He was afraid Logan would leave him the moment they caught the darned culprit but he didn’t admit that.
Logan stepped closer, closing the small gap between them.
“It still feels to me as though you’re indifferent to the situation.  Your life is in danger, Leon.  I want you to think of two things.”
“What two things?”
“One, yesterday, you left the castle using a passage no one knows exists in your suite.  Your trip to the beach was private, Leon.  Apart from my team, no one knew where you would be.  How is it that they knew to wait for us at Sheep Hill Road?”
Leon stared up at Logan for a minute.
“Someone in your team could have—”
“Not possible,” Logan said.  “We’re vetted to the point of pure transparency.  John is nursing a gunshot wound, and Tom chased down the shooter until he found him.  The person behind the shooter killed him before Tom could arrest him.  It pissed Tom off so much; he’s gone after the second shooter.  My team would not give you up, Leon.”
“Are you telling me someone at the castle is responsible?” Leon asked, the thought leaving him weak.
“Yes,” Logan said, leaving him with no doubt.  “Two, your parents and the reasons they died.  I, more than anyone, know the man who planted the bomb is not a religious extremist, Leon.  He had nothing to do with terrorist agendas.  Someone paid him too well for the job.  It’s very possible that the attempts on you are tied to your parents’ deaths.”
Leon swallowed down the bile that rose up.
He had thought it before, had almost welcomed it, hoping the culprit would stop or get the job done right if he stayed still.  He had hoped the culprit would see that Leon wanted nothing to do with the palace.  Now, hearing the same suspicions from Logan made them real, tangible.  Unavoidable.
“Leon.”
He closed his eyes, the memory of his parents smiling at him at his Oxford graduation filling his head.  It was his last memory of Kleopas and Anastasia.  His mother worrying about him going on a six-month trip, and Kleopas assuring her he would be fine.  He still had that picture they took that day.  His parents’ smiles embedded in his brain.  It hurt to look at it, but it was the last time he saw them alive.
“Look at me,” Logan said, his tone hard.
Leon opened his eyes and met ice blue eyes.
“You’re not helpless.  You’re not alone.  You are so much stronger than you think.  So, stop running,” Logan said, his tone pleading.  “Face it.  Face them because if you don’t, it won’t stop.  I’m afraid they’ll go after your grandmother next.”
“You think this has to do with the throne,” Leon said.
“Don’t you?” Logan asked, studying him.
He did, had suspected it the moment Gia showed up at the castle begging him not to meet his grandmother.
“You might not like the outcome,” Leon said, thinking of his grandmother's goal with him.
Logan probably suspected it too.
“We’ll worry about that at the end.”
Leon inhaled, taking in the scent of Logan.
“I still need to let Petr know—”
“Their honest reactions are important if we’re going to sell this play,” Logan cut him off.  “I’ll let him yell at me when it’s over.”
“He holds long grudges,” Leon warned, “especially where Riku is involved.”
“I can take it,” Logan promised, kissing Leon’s cheek.  “Now, come have breakfast with me.  It’s going to be a long day, baby.”
Leon should have felt intimidated by the reality of someone in his family wanting him dead.  Instead, a sense of adventure filled him.  He felt as though he could face anything with Logan beside him.  Reaching for the slice of oat and rye bread on Logan’s plate, he bit into the delicious bread feeling free for the first time in four years.
****

14
Queen Amethea sat at the head of the table in the family living room, watching her family members walk in dressed for a wake.  Each of them wore a different level of grief on their faces at the news of Leon’s death.
She remembered assembling these same people when Kleopas and Anastasia died.  That time, she had been unable to talk much and had left Olivier to voice all her opinions.  This charade pained her, but if it would end the attempts on Leon’s life, she would sanction anything.
“Why is Kleopas’s family so unlucky?” Princess Erika asked, of no one in particular.
She sat beside Gia, sipping her tea, her expression unaffected. She had never attempted to like Kleopas or his family.
“Mom,” Gia said, giving Amethea a wary glance.  “Let it go.”
“What did I say wrong?” Princess Erika asked, looking at Amethea, baffled by Gia’s need to hush her down.  “It’s the truth.  Castle Arguro is now empty.”
Amethea bit her lip to keep from countering her with the truth.  She reminded herself that Leon’s safety depended on this charade.  Otherwise, they would never catch the culprit.  She glanced at Olivier for assistance.
“We’ll start the plans for His Highness, Prince Leon’s funeral,” Olivier announced to the room.
“Before that,” Isaak interrupted.  “Shouldn’t we counter this bad news for our family with good news?  Mother, name an heir.”
“That’s not the agenda here,” Gia protested. "We're here to discuss Leon."
“Who is dead and gone now,” Constantin said.  “Four years ago, we buried Uncle Kleo and his wife.  Now, we’re here again to plan my only cousin’s funeral.  The succession line is dwindling.  If Grandmother doesn’t name dad, we’re likely to have the Maximillian name off the list.”
“Why?” Gia asked, her gaze narrowing on her brother.
Amethea had not corrected Gia when she came running to her the night before, thinking Constantin wanted to harm her.  No, she had not mentioned that Leon was the one in danger. Amethea passed on the information to Commander Steele though, and hoped they would use it in the ongoing investigation.  She now knew that Constantin was helping his father.  It annoyed her that she could do nothing without proof.
She could only hope Logan’s plan would work.
“They said Leon was murdered.  How do we know who the extremist might go after next?” Constantin asked.
“Are you saying there will be more attempts on our lives?” Amethea asked, angry with her oldest son and his children.
How dare they treat Leon like this? 
“We don’t know what might happen,” Isaak said, his tone enough to chill Amethea’s blood.  “What will we do if something happens to you, Mother?”
Amethea scoffed and sat back.  Isaak was no longer holding back.
“We’ll revisit the topic of succession when my grandson’s funeral is over,” Amethea said, holding her eldest son’s gaze.
For a full minute, she thought he might try to keep arguing, but then Isaak looked away and she let out a soft breath.
“Constantin and Gia, if you’re so worried about the succession line, why aren’t you married?” Amethea asked.
Gia blushed and Constantin found his coffee cup more interesting.
Amethea could not see any of them in her seat.  No matter how much she tried.
She glanced at Olivier to continue the meeting hoping Commander Steele would finish his investigation in time.  She rather hoped this charade would end with a ceremony to invest Leon to the position of Crown Prince.
She was tired of fending Isaak off.
***
Petr drove into the underground parking lot at the Anastasia Grand Hotel.  He parked close to the elevators following the instructions from his informants.  He ran a very sure team of investigators.  They were never wrong.
He got out of his car and headed to the elevator, as he dialed his phone.  The call answered before the first ring ended.
“Are you sure about this?”
“Prince Leon’s black jeep was last seen heading into the underground parking lot at the Anastasia Grand Hotel.  Someone towed it out of the underground parking lot at two in the morning.  Your friend, Lt. Commander Mason, hasn’t come out of the hotel since.”
Petr narrowed his gaze and punched the buttons on the elevator.
“Thanks,” Petr said.  “What about the man who poisoned David?”
“He took a flight to Budapest from Aeras International Airport.  We tracked him to a charming bed and breakfast on the outskirts of the city.  What do you want us to do with him?”
“Help him find his way back to Aeras and the Aeras Royal Navy,” Petr said.  “Make sure he confesses all that he knows.  Leave him no choice in the matter, Nav.”
“Yes, Sir,” Navin ended the call and Petr stepped into the elevator that would hopefully lead him to Leon.
Riku was losing his mind over the news of Leon’s death.  It did not sit well with him.  Leon was important to Riku, to him too.  No one was allowed to touch a hair on Leon’s head…well, except Logan.
Petr studied the buttons on the elevator.  He pressed the button that would take him to the sixteenth floor.  If Leon were in the building, his security team would cordon off the top two floors allowing no one up there.
***
“We have Petr Mikhailov on his way up,” Commander Stevens said, his gaze on the screen showing Petr walking up the stairs to the eighteenth floor.  “He is as resourceful as you said.  How did you know he would come?”
“Leon is important to him,” Logan said.  “Pull everyone off the main corridor.  He needs to find me alone.”
“Can you sell this?”
“I have to,” Logan said, shaking his head to clear his thoughts.  He felt muddled, thanks to his dedication to the plan at hand.  “We won’t be able to catch the perpetrator unless he relaxes and is sure of Leon’s death.  Petr is the man to prove our story to the world.  He believes it, and the rest of Leon’s friends will too.”
“Okay,” Commander Stevens patted his shoulder.  “Then, let’s do this.”
Stevens left the suite Logan had chosen that was an exact replica of Leon’s penthouse.
Logan ran fingers through his hair, messing it up even more.  He then picked up the glass of bourbon on the coffee table and threw back the shot, pouring another from the bottle on the table.  He had been at this for the past hour and was stinking drunk. He needed to be to sell grief.
Logan sighed and got up from the armchair.
The room tilted and he stumbled to the windows with the perfect view of the Capital.  His gaze found the highest palace turrets.  All the plotting to catch the person making a play for the throne, he hoped it was worth it.
The door opened behind him and Logan stilled already knowing it was Petr.
“Logan.”
He turned slow, hand on the window to keep balance.
Petr closed the door and stood there watching him.
“You look like shit,” Petr said, his tone accusing.
Logan took in the glint of fire in Petr’s gaze, as Petr stepped deeper into the room.
Petr was here for information, and Logan would need to dig deep to dupe him.
***
Safe in his bedroom in a different suite, Leon finished uploading the pictures he took the night before.  He started to close his account and paused when he caught sight of the first pictures he took at Oxford six years ago.  Opening the folder, he clicked on a picture of Riku laughing surrounded by young kids at a park near their house.
Leon remembered that day so clearly.  It was the first time he met Riku.  He had been out walking the streets at Oxford, his first day in London.  He had been feeling free for the first time in years. Unlike his time at Harvard, his father had not insisted on saddling him with a full staff.  Instead, Leon now had one secretary responsible for his needs, with no obligation to follow him around.  He had been enjoying the added freedom, hence the walking on the streets and taking pictures of random people.
Leon remembered stopping in the park to watch the group of young kids with Riku in the middle.  They were dancing to a One Direction song in preparation for a flash mob dance.  Riku had joined in the fun finding it irresistible.
Leon snapped a picture of Riku, charmed by his infectious delight.
Riku noticed Leon take the picture and ran up to him to ask.
“Did you just take my picture?” Riku asked with a teasing smile. 
Leon had not known what to say.  He had liked the picture too much to delete it.  He started to walk away without answering Riku.  Riku would not let him, running ahead and stopping Leon from leaving.
“I won’t make you delete the picture.  I just want to know your name.  It’s weird to have some random person take my picture and go away.”
Leon took in Riku’s expectant gaze and mumbled.
“Leon.”
Riku stepped in closer, clutching Leon’s left arm and peering at him.
“You should never be afraid to say your name,” Riku said.  “It’s bad luck.”
“I’ve never heard that before,” Leon said, amused.
“Well, you’ve heard it from me,” Riku said, smiling at him.  “Tell me your name.  I really want to know it.”
Leon, charmed by Riku’s smile, spoke up with strength.
“Leon.  My name is Leon.”
Riku grinned.
“Since you’ve taken my picture, let’s be friends, Leon.”
Now, Leon traced Riku’s smile in the picture, wondering at their meeting that day.  He and Riku walked back to the house at Carfax after that, and Riku had been ecstatic that they were going to be housemates.  It had felt fated despite the obvious careful design by all the diplomatic staff involved.
Leon loved Riku as he would a brother.  The thought of Riku in sorrow over him left him unsettled.
Pushing his chair back, Leon got up and left his bedroom determined to get Logan to help him send Riku a message.  Heading downstairs, Leon paused at the last step when he saw Commander Steele and Commander Stevens watching a laptop screen with interest at the dining table.
“What’s going on?” Leon asked, looking around for Logan.  He had not seen Logan in a few hours.  “Where is Logan?”
Stevens looked at him with a wince.
Leon hurried to where the two commanders stood and glanced at the laptop screen.  He gaped when he saw Petr and Logan in a suite that looked identical to the one he was using.
Logan stood by the balcony windows; he swayed, pressing his palm to the window to keep steady.  He looked terrible, like a drunk, shattered man.
“What are they doing?” Leon asked, watching Petr advance on Logan.  “Someone tell me what’s going on right now.”
“Logan is making a death notification,” Commander Steele said.
“What?” Leon punched the volume up on the laptop and closed his eyes when Petr’s voice filled the room.
“How could you do this?” Petr demanded of Logan.  “Where is he?  You didn’t need to lie to us, Logan.  We’d do anything to protect Leon.  You know that.”
“He’s gone, Petr,” Logan said, his words slurred.
He swayed and Leon realized he was truly drunk and not pretending.
“Stop it,” Petr shook his head, pointing a finger at Logan.  “You’re up to something.  This is not how we do things in the circle.  We trust each other, Logan.  Tell me what’s going on.  I’ll do what I can to help.”
“I don’t know what else to tell you, Petr,” Logan said, sounding broken.  “Leon is gone, and they won’t let me see him, who cares about your darned circle.  Leon’s grandmother doesn’t understand my relationship with Leon.  She doesn’t understand how much he meant to me.”
Leon gasped when Logan broke into tears and slid down to the floor.  Logan’s words sounded suspiciously authentic.
“Logan!” Petr rushed to him.  “No.  You can’t also think—”
“I fucked up and they won’t let me get close to him again.  I won’t be able to say my goodbyes, Petr.  You have to help me,” Logan begged, as Petr crouched beside him.  “You have to help me say goodbye.  They won’t let me into his funeral.  They won’t let me see him one last time.”
“He can’t be dead for real,” Petr said again, shaking his head, though his voice was sounding unsure now.  “Logan, pull yourself together.  This has to be a ruse.  Leon—”
“I held him in my arms last night when it happened,” Logan sobbed, his voice cracking.  “He was hurt so bad, Petr, so bad.  The doctor wasn’t able to stop the bleeding, and they took him away.  They took him away before I could tell him I loved him.”
“This has to stop,” Leon said, as Petr jerked away from Logan, hands going up to cover his mouth.
Petr’s eyes were wide with shock.  Leon could not look at the horror in Petr’s eyes.
“Stop this,” Leon begged.  “We need to stop this!”
Leon turned determined to find Petr and stop the pain blooming in his eyes.  A strong grip on his right arm halted his progress and Leon turned to find Commander Steele holding him in place.
“You can’t.”
“Get your hands off me,” Leon ordered.
“With all due respect, Your Highness, no,” Commander Steele said, pulling him with considerable strength and guiding him into a chair at the dining table.  “Logan is doing this to protect your life.  You have to let him.”
“Petr is a brother to me,” Leon said, fighting to get up only to have Commander Steele push him down into the chair, helped by Commander Stevens.  “This is cruel.  This is a very cruel thing to do to my brother.  You have—”
“Take responsibility for it,” Commander Steele ordered.  “Your grandmother has had to deal with worse.  If you want to end this play, you need to watch it all.  Watch it, own it and figure out how to heal it later.”
They gave him no choice, determined to keep the game going.
Leon sat in a chair, forced to watch Logan convince Petr that he was dead without doubt.  His heart ripped in two when Petr, the strongest man Leon knew, broke into a harsh sob and stood so still with his hands pressed to his eyes.
“I need to go,” Petr said when he could talk again.  “Riku needs me.”
Petr paced the length of the windows in panic.
“Shit, Riku has to go through this.  He loves Leon so much.  I—what the fuck am I going to tell him?  All of them, they’re waiting…I promised them it was not true.”
Leon closed his eyes shaking his head, tears sliding down his cheeks.  This was a terrible price to pay for his life.
“I need to get back to them.  Logan, I’m so sorry.  Leon loved you.  You know that, right?” Petr wiped his eyes and looked around the suite looking lost.  His shoulders slumped in defeat.  “He let no one close in the four years you were apart.  You were the one he loved and he would want you to continue.  So stay here, don’t do anything stupid and wait for us.  We’ll get you in to say goodbye.  We’ll get through this together, alright?”
Leon couldn’t watch Petr come apart anymore.  He closed the laptop, boiling with anger.  Logan’s part in this play was going to be hard to rectify.  Petr didn’t take kindly to lies and this lie was going to scar too many people.
Leon cursed under his breath wiping his tears away.
“What’s the next part of the plan?”
“The plan is two-fold,” Commander Steele said, not hesitating with his words.  “Her Majesty is also having a meeting at the palace with your extended family.  Her secretary, Olivier, has started preparations, enough to convince all involved that your funeral is true.  From there, we’ll watch what your uncle, Prince Isaak, does.”
“Why him?” Leon asked, hands in fists.  “What don’t I know?”
“Your Highness,” Commander Stevens started.
“What. Don’t. I. Know?” Leon demanded not moving to get up afraid he might run next door and ruin Logan’s plan.
It took Commander Steele another minute before he spoke.
“Your Highness, the rumors you’ve heard about your uncle, Prince Isaak, are real.  Her Majesty has clear evidence that he murdered your aunt, Lady Dora.  There are more cases but we’ve been unable to prove them so far.”
“No wonder the Royal Diet is involved in investigations,” Commander Stevens said in surprise, making it clear that this was the first time he had heard this too.  “They are obligated by Section 15 in the Palace’s Law of Succession.”
Leon bit his lip hard finally understanding his grandmother’s order to enter the palace.  He did not have a choice.  His bloodline was it: convicted crimes would strike Isaak out of the family registry.
“Yes,” Commander Steele confirmed Stevens’ assumption.  “A member of the royal family convicted of a serious crime under the Kingdom’s Law is automatically excluded from the line of succession.  The exclusion of Prince Isaak will mean his entire bloodline.”
“Succession would fall to His Highness, Prince Kleopas, making…”
Stevens trailed off, eyes wide in realization.  His hand dropped away from Leon’s shoulder.  He stepped back from the chair they were using to detain Leon.
“Oh God, I’m sorry, Your Highness,” Commander Stevens said.
Leon rubbed his temple at the simplicity of the two men’s explanation.  Why was it so complicated in his head?  He felt as though he had to go around a billion curves and edges to reach the same conclusion they were having.
The suite door opened and Logan stumbled in looking thoroughly drunk.  Leon got up from the chair, this time no one stopped his progress.  He reached Logan first.  Gripping arms thick with muscle, Leon shook his lover.
“Why would you devise such a terrible plan?” Leon demanded of Logan.  “Did you see Petr’s face?  How could you do that to him?  Why?”
“I’d go to hell and back to save you,” Logan replied, his words a slur.
“Congratulations, we’re in the depths of that hell now,” Leon said, letting go of Logan, and stepping away from him.  “It sounded so simple when you first said it.  So simple, I thought it was okay, but it’s not.”
Leon shook his head and turned away from Logan.
“It’s not okay, Logan.  Seeing Petr like that—”
“Leon, that look on your face hurts,” Logan said, stumbling to the closest couch.  “This wasn’t easy for me.  I—I need sleep.  Let me close my eyes for a while, and then you can tell me off for hurting your friends when I wake up.”
Leon wiped a hand down his face when Logan stretched out on the couch.  Conscious of the two commanders in the dining area, Leon removed Logan’s shoes, and adjusted Logan’s legs on the couch.  He placed a cushion under Logan’s head, making sure Logan was comfortable.
Leon knelt on the floor and wiped his palm over Logan’s forehead.  There were tearstains on Logan’s cheeks.  Leon kissed them, and brushed his lips on Logan’s patted lips. He ran his fingers over the dark stubble on Logan’s chin and sighed as he got up.  A gentle grip on his right wrist made him pause.
“It will end soon,” Logan murmured, staring at him through hooded eyes.  “This trouble will end and you’ll be back to your place.”
Leon stood still.  He had a very strong feeling that he was about to start taking on more than he could handle.  Logan let go of his wrist and Leon made sure he was asleep before he returned to the dining room.
“Commander Steele, please brief me on all the information you have on Prince Isaak and all cases tied to the attempts on my life,” Leon said.  “Don’t leave anything out.”
***
Hours later, Logan woke up to find Leon sitting on the coffee table and brushing gentle fingers through Logan’s hair.  His gray eyes were full of worry.  Logan started to sit up, eager to dispel that worry only to have Leon push him back down.
“Rest,” Leon urged.  “You still look tired.”
“I feel awake,” Logan said, ready to get up.
“It’s dark out,” Leon said, giving him a ghost of a smile.  “You slept the afternoon away.”
Logan yawned and reached up to touch the corner of Leon’s mouth.
“Are we alone?” Logan asked.
“Yes, for now,” Leon said with a short nod.  “Steele and Stevens have gone out on a short mission.”
“Anything I should know about?” Logan asked.
Leon started to get up, but Logan stopped him by grabbing his wrist, and holding him in place. 
“Are you still angry with me?” he asked, studying Leon’s moody face.  “You know we’re doing this to protect you, right?”
Leon shook his head, his gaze on Logan’s hand around his right wrist.  Leon bit his bottom lip and Logan caught the sheen of tears in gray eyes, as Leon lowered his head.
Logan sat up, shifting his feet to the floor, so that he sat facing Leon.  He reached up and wiped away a rolling tear on Leon’s left cheek.
“What’s wrong?” Logan asked, his heart breaking at the sight of Leon in tears.  He brushed his lips on Leon’s left cheek.  “Tell me what’s wrong.”
Leon rested his forehead on Logan’s shoulder, taking in a second breath.
“Logan.”
“Mm,” Logan said, wrapping his arms around Leon, offering comfort.
“My family is a mess,” Leon said in a whisper.  “The more I learn about them the more I’m afraid that the life I’ve created at Castle Arguro is over.  I’m afraid, Logan.”
“There is nothing to worry about,” Logan soothed.  “I’m right here with you.”
“Yes, but for how long?” Leon asked, trembling.  “This plot is pulling me to the palace and I can’t find an escape.  I know what I need to do, but I’m afraid to do it because when it’s over, we might not make it on the other side together.”
Logan tightened his arms around Leon.  It was a challenge to love a prince; he dared not imagine what it would be like to love a king. He tried not to think about it.
He held Leon tighter and closed his eyes.
“When we do get to that point, I need you to promise not to leave me like you did at my parents’ funeral,” Leon begged.  “I don’t think I can bear that, Logan.  Don’t make me live through it again.”
Logan rocked Leon from side to side.
“I promise,” Logan said.
“Mean it,” Leon insisted.
Logan chuckled and bit Leon’s shoulder slightly.
“What makes you think I don’t mean it?” Logan asked.  “I won’t lie to you, Leon.”
Leon nodded keeping his forehead on Logan’s shoulder, refusing to move until a knock came on the door.
Leon sighed and pulled away reluctantly.
“Steele and Stevens went to Castle Arguro to arrest Dax, Pierre and Franco, the main garage head,” Leon said, getting up from the coffee table.  He ran fingers through his hair when a second knock came on the door.  “They are under suspicion.  As you said before someone tipped my assassin off.  They are probably here to tell us they’re in custody.”
Logan watched Leon head to the door.
Leon looked stressed.  It couldn’t be easy having Dax under suspicion.
Logan got up from the couch when Leon opened the door to admit Commander Stevens.
***
“I had no idea His Highness had left the castle,” Dax said, in clear distress.  “If I’d known, I might have made arrangements for more security.  I don’t know…it wouldn’t have ended the way it did.”
“What would you have done different?” the Officer in Charge asked.
“I, uh…,” Dax trailed off, a tear sliding down his cheek.  He dashed it away with his right fist and looked away from the officer.  “I don’t know.  Called in the emergency services in time, gotten Dr. Joley to His Highness. I don’t know why they didn’t think to call her.  Are you looking into that?  That’s something to figure out, you know.  She might have saved His Highness’s life.”
“Dr. Joley is not under investigation,” the Officer in Charge said.  “You are Mr. Dax.  You said you ran the castle—”
“I loved His Highness,” Dax cut the officer off with a sharp glare.  “I cared for him, why would I ever want to hurt him?  Please, you’re wasting your time on me while you could be chasing other leads. My life is an open book, go through it, you'll see. I spent all my time with Prince Leon. When would I have time to waste?”
Logan read distress from Dax, but not guilt.  He relaxed, deciding to watch Leon pace the communications room. Dax had no motive, and his finances were clean.
“It’s not him,” Leon said, before Logan could speak up.  “Dax is right.  They are wasting time on him.  What about Franco?”
“He’s cleared, his alibi checks out,” Stevens said, holding up a sheaf of papers. “Franco has not been at the castle for the last week.  You sent him out to find parts for a Volkswagen Beetle.  I have the paperwork for his purchases.”
“Right, the restoration of the old car,” Leon agreed with a nod then stopped as he realized they had Pierre left.
“Pierre,” Logan said, remembering Pierre was the only one he’d talked to when he went to find a motorcycle to keep up with Leon.  “Shit, it has to be him.  Why didn’t I think of him sooner?”
“Why?” Leon asked, his gray eyes turning stormy again.  “He’s so young, why would you think that of him?  He’s always been very nice to me.”
“Nice or not,” Logan said, moving to the workstation to bring up the screen with Pierre’s interrogation on the overhead.  “He’s the only one who knew we left Castle Arguro that day.”
Leon closed his eyes and sank into an office chair.
“His bank accounts look normal,” Stevens said, rifling through printouts.  “Wait…he has a grandmother in hospital.”
“Yes, I know.  I asked Franco and Dax to allow him a flexible schedule because of that.  What does that have to do with anything?” Leon asked, opening his eyes to look at the overhead screen.
Pierre sat behind a steel table, looking nervous, clutching his fingers tight, his thumb rubbing over his nails.  He sat facing sideways refusing to meet the Officer-in-Charge’s gaze.  They had grabbed him from the Castle Arguro garage, still in his work overalls.
“I need to get back,” Pierre said, staring at his hands.  “I need to finish the last project given by His Highness.  He would want me to finish it.”
“Get through my questions, and we’ll see if you can get out of here," the Officer-in-Charge soothed. "How long has your grandmother been in hospital?”
Pierre studied his fingers for a minute.
“Too long,” he murmured after a while.  “She’s held up longer than they thought she would.  It hasn’t been easy watching her.  I visit her as often as I can.”
“It must be hard,” the Officer-in-Charge noted.
Pierre shook his head and looked at the Officer for a second before he returned to studying his fingers.
“We get by,” Pierre said. "Life, you know."
“I understand,” the Officer-in-Charge said.  “Pierre, looking at the statements from the hospital; there are payments that were paid in cash.  Can I ask you how you managed it?”
Leon got up from the office chair and moved to take the papers Stevens was reading.  Stevens handed them over without protest, and Logan watched Leon read the statements.  It took Leon less than a minute to discover the payments the Officer-in-Charge had mentioned.
Leon dropped the papers on the desk next to Stevens and let out an aggravated sigh.
“Why didn’t I know about this?” Leon asked, not expecting an answer.  He paced away from Stevens hands at his hips.  “I asked Dax to make sure all salaries to staff at Castle Arguro were the best in the market.  Pierre’s insurance covers his grandmother’s hospitalization.  Why would he accept money from someone else?”
“Leon,” Logan started hoping to soothe.
“We’ve been together for years,” Leon said, the sting of betrayal strong in his words.  “I thought he was my friend.  I love that kid.”
Logan got up and moved to stand by Leon.  He squeezed Leon’s right shoulder, hoping to calm him down as the Officer- in- Charge continued his interview on screen.
“Pierre, where did you get the cash?  It’s not part of your income from Castle Arguro.  How did you manage it?” the Officer asked.
Pierre bit his lip hard, staring at his hands. 
“I need to finish fixing the Bug,” Pierre said, almost in a whisper.  “I promised I would. Franco will be waiting for me.”
“The Bug will get done in time,” the Officer- in- Charge said, leaning forward on the table, looking at Pierre with a hard gaze.  “Right now, we need to find out who hurt His Highness, Prince Leon.  I need you to help us, Pierre.  I have this strong feeling that you might know them, that you might have helped them out without realizing.  Pierre, will you help us?”
Pierre closed his eyes and tears trailed down his cheeks.
“You know, don’t you?” Pierre asked in a scared whisper.  “You know it all, don’t you?”
“I need you to tell me, Pierre,” the Officer- in- Charge soothed.  “You liked His Highness, didn’t you?”
“I loved him,” Pierre said, raising his head this time to meet the Officer in Charge’s gaze.  “I never wanted him to get hurt.  You have to know that.”
“Of course,” the Officer agreed.  “So, who paid you the cash for your grandmother, Pierre?”
Pierre bit his bottom lip harder, shaking his leg in agitation.  Then he sobbed.
“I never wanted His Highness to get hurt. He asked me to tell him when His Highness leaves the castle.  I only needed to text him when His Highness left and in what car.  That was all I had to do and he would help me with my grandmother’s bills.  It’s not easy, you know, giving up so much for her.  I thought it would allow me to save money.  It was harmless.”
“Did you text him yesterday?” the Officer- in -Charge asked.
“That Logan came in to get one of His Highness’s precious motorcycles,” Pierre said, bitterness coloring his words.  “I maintain those for His Highness alone.  I thought…”
Pierre trailed off.
“I—I thought if he knew about His Highness leaving, Logan would lose his job and we would be back to normal.  I would be back to driving His Highness around like before.  I just can’t believe His Highness is dead,” Pierre finished in a whisper.
“Who is he, Pierre?” the Officer-in-Charge asked, his tone soothing.  “Who is this man? He might have hurt His Highness, Pierre, and we need to make him pay.  Justice for His Highness, wouldn’t you want that?  We’ll catch him and make sure he pays.”
“I didn’t mean to get His Highness hurt,” Pierre said again, tears filling his eyes. “That man said they just wanted to take pictures of His Highness. Why hurt him?”
“That’s what we’ll find out, Pierre,” the Officer-in-Charge said.  “You need to help us, Pierre.  Can you do that?  Can you do that for His Highness?”
Pierre wiped tears away and nodded.
“I’ll do it for His Highness.”
“Good,” the Officer-in-Charge smiled at him.  “Now, what can you tell me? How did you get in touch with this man?"
“I first met him at the hospital,” Pierre said, his voice soft.  “My grandmother had a bad night and the hospital administration needed to know what I wanted to do.  The insurance was covering the bills, but I didn’t know how long that would last because of her age.  She’s been diabetic so long, we’ve done the best to manage it, but sometimes…”
Pierre trailed off and stared at the table. 
“I wanted my grandmother to stay at home with me, but she was not well enough.  The doctor thought I should place her in a nursing home.  I didn’t want to hear the doctor’s suggestions, so I stormed off.  I was in the cafeteria when a man named Warren came up to me.  He told me he could help with the bills, and my grandmother could continue at the hospital.  Then when she was better, she could come home with me.”
Pierre smiled.
“She’s my only family.  I would do anything for her, so I asked him how he could help.”
“Warren said he knew I worked at Castle Arguro,” Pierre said, his tone shy.  “All I needed to do was tell him when His Highness, Prince Leon, leaves the castle.  I should tell him what vehicle he was using, and if I knew, where he was going.”
“Didn’t you wonder why?”
“I did,” Pierre said, shaking his head.  “I even refused to do it…at first.  Then, he told me that he worked for Dailystock.”
“The photo agency?” the Officer-in-Charge asked.
“Yes. They publish exclusive photos of the royals and their lives,” Pierre reasoned.  “Warren told me it was a harmless arrangement.  He’d get exclusive photos of His Highness, and he’d give me a cut for sharing information.  I used the money for the hospital.”
The Officer-in-Charge studied Pierre for a moment, and then asked.  “How long has this been going on?”
“Six months or so,” Pierre said.  “Nothing happened to His Highness in all that time.”
“How do you contact Warren?” the Officer-in-Charge asked.
Pierre sighed.
“He made me memorize the number I send text messages to.”
“Did you ever meet him again?”
“No.”
“Then how did you receive your money?”
“He left me an envelope in my grandmother’s hospital room,” Pierre said.  “No one touches her things.”
“Give me the number Warren made you memorize,” the Officer-in-Charge said.  “We’ll have to visit the hospital, to see if anyone else has met Warren.”
Logan turned off the volume on Pierre’s interview.
Leon got up from his chair and rubbed his forehead.
“What’s next?” Leon asked.
“They’ll follow up on Warren and the number Pierre’s given.  All agencies are on high alert, we’ll have this Warren in the next hour,” Logan said. "His cover with Pierre is convenient. There is no doubt that Warren is involved in the shooting.
“I can’t believe Pierre,” Leon said, shaking his head.  “I thought—”
Leon broke off and shrugged.
“I guess I didn’t know him at all,” Leon said after a moment. "That hurts.”
“It’s hard to really know people, Leon,” Logan said, as his phone started ringing.  He answered it with a slight frown.  “Mason.”
Leon returned to watching Pierre without volume, his shoulders tense.  Logan wished he could relieve this betrayal, but it seemed as though more were coming.
“What did you say, Shirley?” Logan asked.
“I said a van dropped off a man at the Capital Police Station ten minutes ago.  He’s beat up bad, and the cellphone found in his pocket has a video of him confessing to poisoning David Corentin.  There’s more.  We have a team heading to a house in the Glades.  The same video says that he would meet his contact there.”
“That’s a lot of information flooding in,” Logan said with a frown.  “Who owned the van?”
“It was a rental.  We found it abandoned in the market, two blocks away from the police station.  Do you think they’re on the run so they’re tying off loose ends?  Like the man who was shot before Tom could get to him?”
“I doubt it,” Logan said.  “Tell me what they find at the Glades.  Discover who the man in custody is, and get a name from him, if possible.  We’re in a high-level race now, Shirley. Trust only yourself out there.”
“Yes, Sir.  I’ll call you when we’ve made progress.”
Logan ended the call and stared at the message notification on his phone.  He hadn’t checked his phone since he fell asleep from drinking too much.  When he woke up, he’d followed Leon into the communications suite. Touching the message from Petr, a small amused scoff escaped.
‘I caught a poisonous snake trying to escape.  The only reason he’s alive is to help you make him give up his master.’
“What?” Leon asked, drawing Logan’s attention.
“I’m starting to think I should be more wary of Petr,” Logan said, making Leon walk up to him to keep their conversation private.
“What’s he done?” Leon asked his tone wary.
“He found the man who poisoned David and dropped him off at the police station.”  Logan showed Leon the message from Petr.  “What do you think he would have done if we didn’t need that bastard alive?”
Leon smiled, leaning up to kiss Logan’s jaw.
“You don’t want to know.  Petr is in charge of a company that runs a natural gas pipeline across Europe.  He has met it all.”
Logan held Leon’s gaze, keeping it somber.
“We’re halfway through,” Logan guessed.
They had two huge pieces of the puzzle now, more than enough to crack the hidden plot.
Leon nodded, his gaze sliding to Pierre who was crying again, on the screen.
“You’ll have more betrayals by the end of this,” Logan said, hoping to prepare Leon.
“I figured when Commander Steele talked about my uncle Isaak murdering his wife.”
Logan put his phone away and took Leon’s hand, tangling their fingers.
“We’ll get through it together,” Logan stated.
Leon nodded and squeezed Logan’s hand.
****
15
“They got the mechanic from the garage before I could get to him.”
Constantin cursed under his breath and hurried to the bar in his study to pour himself a drink.
“What about the one from the hotel?” Constantin asked.  “You told me you took care of him.”
“I did.  We paid him off and made sure he left the country.  We’re running out of space to maneuver.  We might have to leave too.  It’s gory business murdering a Prince of the Realm.”
“We haven't even had the state funeral yet,” Constantin pointed out. "What about the other guy? The one you'd scouted before?”
“You will soon.  In case you haven’t noticed, the authorities are going nuts about losing a prince under their care.  We need to lay low right now.  No more dead bodies.  Send our money, Constantin.  We need it if we’re to survive this.  You’d better do it now!”
“Don’t fucking tell me what to do when you’ve messed up every step of this,” Constantin said, ending the call.
He tossed back a shot of scotch and stood staring at the painting of his father hanging above the bar.
“This is your fault.  You’re the reason our position is in danger, the only reason I needed to do this.  Why do you have to screw up everything?  Fuck, fuck, fuck!”
Pouring a second drink, Constantin tossed it back and slammed the glass on the counter.  He needed to find his grandmother and make nice.
She had no choice now.  Leon was gone; there was only his father and him.  If the investigators proved his father guilty, Her Majesty would need to choose him, Prince Constantin, as the Crown Prince.  Once he was Crown Prince, he’d clean up the mess he’d made with this plan.  He’d leave no traces of his past misdeeds.
Constantin smiled in satisfaction and adjusted his suit jacket.  If he hurried, he’d make it to dinner with Queen Amethea.
***
Amethea took no pleasure in watching Leon’s most trusted friends enter her greeting room in their tailored dark suits.  Riku, the shortest of the five men, had red eyes from his tears, his face pale with grief.  The man walking right next to Riku was Petr.  He was the most impressive of the bunch.  His resources rivaled that of a small country.  She’d been proud of Leon for making such a powerful friend and ally.
Behind them was Anselm, the son of a Spanish Don, he might as well have been a prince as well.  She remembered that Anselm had gifted Leon a horse for his birthday this year.  The gesture was enough for her to know that Anselm knew her grandson’s heart.  Then there was Paul, the one who shared Leon’s love for riding horses.  Leon never stopped talking about Paul’s parents or their home in Ireland, until Amethea was tempted to visit.
Then, last and most dear, was David Corentin.  A son of Aeras, his family well respected for their contributions in the agriculture and food sustainability sector in the country.  David and Leon were childhood friends, best friends in the purest form.
“Your Majesty,” they greeted in unison when they reached her.
Amethea pulled each one into a tight hug, patting their backs.  When she reached Riku, the tears in his eyes spilled over, and she held him longer.  He was devastated at the loss of Leon, seeing it broke her heart.  She had not meant to harm anyone, only to protect.
“I’m so grateful for you.  You make his life colorful,” she said, leading Riku to sit on the couch with her.  She held Riku’s hand and waited as he wiped his tears away.
“I’m so sorry for your loss, Your Majesty,” Riku said, his voice raw with grief.
“Oh, Riku.” Amethea soothed, wishing she could end the farce.
As it was right now, she had no power to end it.  Leon’s life would still be in danger if she tried.  The investigation was at its most intense, she could only try to be there for Leon’s friends.
“Why don’t we talk of the happy times?” Amethea suggested.  “Tell me, when you went on a tour across Europe, how was Leon then?  Was he happy?”
Riku gave her a ghost of a smile.
“He was very happy,” Riku said.  “Happy enough to almost run through an eight hour hike in Norway.”
“I’ve always been curious about his time away.  He never showed me pictures,” Amethea complained.  “His mom had promised them, but when Leon came back, he never granted me that joy.  I wonder now if I might see them, or you can tell me about the trip instead.”
“I have pictures,” Petr offered.  “Leon made sure we got them each step of the way.  He was inseparable from his camera.”
“I remember,” Amethea said, indicating for them to sit around her.  “Do you save them on your phone?  Maybe, you can show me.  Olivier is there a way to set it up so we can all enjoy it?”
Olivier hurried out and Petr got his phone ready to show her the pictures from their six-month trip.
***
Constantin arrived at Amethea’s residence late.  He remembered Olivier talking about setting up a family dinner tonight.  It was supposed to be a somber affair in memory of Leon.  Constantin expected to find his stepsister alone with the queen.  His dad would not dare show up for the dinner, and his stepmother followed Isaak’s decisions to the letter.  Constantin was hoping to charm his grandmother through the evening, make her look at him different.
Constantin stopped outside his grandmother’s greeting room when he heard her laugh.  Shocked, he hurried to the door into the elegant room and peeped inside.  He watched Amethea smile as she looked at pictures of Leon with his friends on an overhead screen.  The room was filled with warmth.  Olivier had staff moving around Leon’s friends serving food and drinks.  The scene was cozy.  Nothing like what he got even when Amethea was in a good mood.  He couldn’t remember ever laughing with his grandmother so openly.  Yet, Leon’s elitist friends were cracking up as they narrated stories behind the pictures.
“I remember this one,” Anselm Leandro, the Spanish brat said, his accent so thick.  “We had just made a wrong turn in Belgium.  David was the navigator, while Paul was driving.  We stopped on the side of the road to get our bearing.  Leon and Petr went exploring.  They ended up sliding into a very muddy ditch.”
“David took the photo of course,” Petr said, with a smile, nodding to the photo of him and Leon covered in mud from head to toe.
“I haven’t seen a smile like that on Leon’s face in a long time,” Amethea said, staring at the photo.
The picture changed and Amethea gasped in wonder at the captured moment on the overhead screen.  It was of Leon and Logan caught in the rain at the beach in Phuket, Thailand.  Leon laughing as he held his hands up over Logan’s head as though to shield him from the rain.  Leon stood on his toes to do it, while Logan held him steady.  They looked happy and very much in love.
“That’s Logan,” Riku said, his tone gentle.  “Leon’s first love.”
“His only one,” Petr added.
“We can say that I guess,” David agreed.  “This was in Thailand, at the beach in Phuket.  It rained one evening and we all got wet.”
“I took this picture.”  Riku smiled. “They were so handsome together, I couldn’t resist.”
“I know him,” Amethea said, her tone quiet.  “Logan Mason, he is a Lieutenant Commander in the Royal Navy SPOC team.  He’s working under Commander Stevens.  I wish I had seen this picture before I met him.  He must have thought me cold to him.”
“Logan was important to Leon,” Anselm said, “important enough to think of Logan as Leon’s life partner.”
Amethea pulled her gaze away from their picture to look at the five friends.
“Are you trying to tell me something?”
“Allow Logan in to see Prince Leon,” Paul made the request.  “He’s one of us.  He loved Leon more than we ever could.”
Amethea’s expression softened and she hid a smile as she turned back to the photo.
“I’ll consider your request.  Petr, send this picture to me,” Amethea said.  “Olivier, frame it, will you?”
“Of course, Your Majesty,” Olivier said.
“Are there more?” Amethea asked, looking at Petr.  “I do so love a good romance story.  The last great one near me was Kleopas and Anastasia.  I’m excited to discover Leon has one too.”
Petr grinned and the pictures continued.
Constantin stepped away from the door, feeling left out.  He would never understand his grandmother’s obsession with that halfwit Leon.  Seeing Leon’s friends here truly cemented the fact that Leon was dead.
Well, he had time now, Constantin decided.  After Leon’s funeral, the palace would be back to normal.  He would get his grandmother back.
***
Leon zipped up the dark jacket Shirley handed him and adjusted the hood over his head.  It was nine o’clock in the night.  Once again, he was in a black SUV with tinted windows racing through the streets of the Capital headed to town known simply as The Glades.  The Glades was a picturesque town neighboring the capital.
Leon had not had a reason to visit The Glades before, but he had seen them as he passed through on the main highway.  Now, here he was going to The Glades because of a terrible plot.
This was his second night away from Castle Arguro.  A little over twenty-six hours since a man, who was now dead, had tried to shoot him to death.  Leon sighed and looked at Shirley and Tom who sat in the front of the car.  They both looked like they hadn’t gotten any sleep in those twenty-six hours.
Leon turned to his left and smiled at the sight of Logan, his own personal knight.
Logan made it all bearable.
“What do we expect to find?” Leon asked, when Logan glanced at him.
“The team Shirley sent ahead when we first got the intel captured one woman.  She’s in custody on site and Commander Steele is already interrogating her.”
“Why do you need me there?” Leon asked, curious as to why they hadn’t just sent him the information as they’d done for all the others.  Being out of the hotel increased his chances of discovery before they could catch the culprit.
“There are items onsite that we need you to look at,” Tom said from the driver’s seat.  “There is a lot of content on the royal family that would take months to sift through.”
Leon frowned, meeting Logan’s worried gaze.
“There might be a second attack planned,” Logan said, holding Leon’s gaze.
“Surely, not on me,” Leon said, with a small smile.  “You’ve already declared me dead.  Dax is in tears planning a fake funeral.”
“Not on you,” Logan said, his tone enough to send a shiver through Leon.  “The attack might be on Her Majesty, Queen Amethea.  The man Petr sent to the police station said he saw a palace map at the house. He said they have an inside man at the palace.”
Leon sat back and breathed out fear.
“Then, we should hurry,” Leon said after a moment, meeting Tom’s gaze in the rear view mirror.
Tom adjusted his seatbelt and increased speed.  They finished a forty-five minute journey in just under thirty minutes.  Tom drove up a long gravel drive to a ranch house set up in what looked like an overgrown orchard.  There were two white tents set up outside, and Royal Navy SPOC vehicles parked in every corner.
Logan handed Leon a pair of reading glasses as Tom drove their car past the tents and cars, only stopping when they reached the door into the ranch house.  Shirley got out of the car first.
Leon wore the reading glasses and grinned at Logan. They were meant to add to his disguise.
“How do I look?”
“Sexy,” Logan teased, making Tom chuckle and turn off the car with a knowing look.
Leon got out of the car when Shirley opened the door for him, and headed into the ranch house without waiting.  Shirley led the way to a room at the back of the house, near the kitchen.  Forensic officers were already at work, taking photos of everything, even as they left the pinned articles and pictures intact on the wall, and board.
Leon paused at the entrance when he saw his profile picture crossed out with red marker.  Above it, were two more crossed out pictures, they were of his parents.
Logan placed assuring hands on his shoulders and urged Leon inside the room.
“The woman in custody won’t talk.  However, some of these photos are not available in the public domain.  They were taken in the palace at private moments,” Commander Steele said, coming in after Logan.  “We’re hoping Your Highness will recognize when they were taken, as they are of your parents.”
Leon moved to the board pinned with clippings of articles about his parents’ funeral.  More about his own social calendar, and the hotel opening.  Leon touched a photo of his mother crouched among children at an orphanage.  She was smiling, holding a little girl against her bosom.  God, he missed her.  Trailing fingers over her smile, he looked at the other pictures alongside the articles.  They were so many of his parents and him.  There were also pictures of staff at Castle Arguro before, and after his parents. He paused when he found a picture of Pierre with a black circle around his head.
“He was the weak link,” Logan said, coming to stand beside him.  “He had too much to gain from betraying you.”
“Dax has an X on his face like me,” Leon said, touching Dax’s picture, which was crossed out in black.
“His ties to Her Majesty left him invulnerable,” Logan said.  “Otherwise, they would have found a way to reach you through him.”
“Thank God for that small mercy,” Leon said, shaking his head.
Leon started to turn away only to stop when he saw a picture he’d never seen before.  It was of his parents in the inner palace outside his grandmother’s private study.  His mother held her phone and a pair of sunglasses in one hand, while his father had his hand at the small of her back.  They looked in deep conversation.  Leon frowned reaching for the photograph.
“This picture,” Leon said.  “My parents are dressed casual.  This rarely happened when they were going to see grandmother.  Do you have my phone?”
Logan narrowed his gaze at him.
“I’m not going to call my friends.  I need to check something.  Mom sent me pictures when I was away.  Remember?  They had also taken a trip to Paris at the time.  I saved those photos on my phone.”
Logan reached into his pocket and got Leon’s phone out.
“You’ve had it the whole time,” Leon accused, taking it and unlocking it with his thumb.  He avoided all his social media notifications and went straight to his gallery.  “You could have just let me have it.”
“You would have called Riku, or Petr,” Logan said, folding his arms against his chest.  “I’m not so sure you won’t right now.”
Leon looked up to find Logan watching him like a hawk.  He chuckled and shook his head.
“It’s sexy that you know me so well,” Leon said, sifting through the pictures in his gallery.
“Is there a thing between you two?” Shirley asked, coming to stand next to Logan.  Tom who also had the same expectant look joined her.  “I mean, I’m not against it, I just need to know.”
“And if there is?” Leon asked, shooting a glance at Shirley and Tom as he searched for the folder he needed.
“Wow!” Shirley covered her mouth and Tom whistled.
“Logan, you lucky bastard,” Tom said.
Leon chuckled when he saw Logan blush and shift away when Shirley punched his left arm.
“Actually,” Leon said, finding the folder with his parents’ photographs on his phone.  “I like to think that I’m the lucky one.”
Shirley and Tom stopped ribbing Logan and turned to look at Leon in surprise.
Logan couldn’t stop smiling, and had to turn away when Shirley and Tom cleared their throats and shifted away from him.
“I knew there was something about this photo,” Leon said, finding the pictures his mother had sent him on their trip back from Paris to meet his grandmother.  “Look, they’re in the same clothes they wore when they landed from Paris.”
“What does this mean?” Shirley asked, taking the photo from Leon, while Logan took the phone back to study the photos from Anastasia.
“The pinned photo was taken at close range.  My parents are standing in the inner palace; my grandmother’s private residence where only family has access with invitation.”
“Oh!” Tom took the photo from Shirley and hurried off to the forensics team.
“We would never have known that,” Shirley said, staring at the pictures on Leon’s phone.  “My God someone close to Her Majesty would need to have taken this photo.”
“If not staff, then family,” Logan stated the fact that worried Leon.
Leon nodded and turned to the board with a million clippings of his family.
“You were right, Logan,” Leon said.  “It’s all connected: my parents, the attempts on my life, and grandmother’s intention to name an heir to the throne.”
Logan started sifting through the photos on the board.
“Shirley, find the ones taken in the inner palace.  They’re the most likely to lead us to the culprit.  We need absolute proof.  Absolute, or else this will turn into a dead end,” Logan advised as they got to work.
***
“Your parents visited the palace five times before their death,” Logan said, pointing to the different photos now set out on a dining table, still at the ranch house.  “Each time, our man here has taken photos of them and sent to the woman in interrogation.”
Leon hadn’t known his parents visited the palace so much after their return from Paris.  Logan could see that the photos of Leon’s parents shook him.  The need to keep the photos was strong.  He could see it in Leon’s eyes.  It was too bad that the person who wanted Prince Kleo and his wife dead had taken them.
Prince Isaak, Logan guessed, though no one dared mention his name, not without proof.
“Do you have a name for her?” Leon asked, sitting down on a high stool and leaning his elbows on the table.  His gaze remained fixed on his parents photos.
“Not yet, we’re running her fingerprints across databases.  She’s not been convicted before, and refuses to talk.”
“Can I meet her?” Leon asked, surprising Logan.
“Leon,” Logan started to protest.
“I want to face the woman who marked my face off a board.  She thinks I’m dead.  Imagine her surprise when she sees me alive and well,” Leon said with a chuckle.  “I’m not below deriving some pleasure from that.  I can afford that much, can’t I?”
“Are you sure of this?” Logan asked.
“I’m suddenly very angry, Logan,” Leon said, picking up a photo of his mother touching his grandmother’s arm as she talked to Amethea. “I need a face to direct that anger.”
Logan held Leon’s gaze for a moment, and then nodded his agreement.  Commander Steele accompanied Leon and Logan into the empty bedroom they were using as an interrogation room.  Leon did not balk at the sight of the woman handcuffed to a metal chair in the middle of the room.  She was in her early thirties, dressed in jeans and an old green sweater, her black hair in a messy braid.  She was handcuffed to the chair with no room left to wriggle.
She kept her head down when they came in. .  She refused to look up even after Leon sat in the chair facing her.
Logan stood to Leon’s right, while Commander Steele stood to his left.
Leon sat in silence for a minute, letting it fill the room.  Logan wondered what he was thinking, but he didn’t have to wait long.
“I have never seen you before,” Leon said.  “I don’t think I’ve spoken to you.  I certainly don’t know anything about you,” Leon said, making the woman lift her head up in surprise.
She stared at Leon in shock.
Leon continued ignoring her surprise.
“I spent most of my time in schools abroad.  I only came back because my parents died.  So you see why I don’t remember you if we have met.  I don’t remember if I ever offended you, or if my parents might have wronged you.”
Leon stopped, and looked around the plain room.  He took in a deep breath and breathed out slow.  
“But, I’ll confess something I’ve discovered about myself in the last few hours.  It surprised me you see, but it was so clear just now as I stared at pictures of my parents that I’ve never seen.  I have an extremely petty side,” Leon said, as though amazed by this revelation.  “I don’t think I’ll be like my grandmother at all.  I have no ounce of grace at this moment.  I can’t stop feeling angry or overwhelmed by thoughts of revenge.”
“Prince Leon,” the woman murmured.
“You know, I endured it when it was just me, but then you had to go and touch my oldest friend, dared put him in a hospital with poison.”  Leon shook his head with a hiss.  “You made me watch my chosen partner shield me from bullets.  My friends are shedding tears because they think I’m dead.  Ah, I suddenly discover that I’m quite capable of holding a very deep grudge.”
Leon clasped his hands on his lap and leaned forward, meeting the woman’s wary gaze.
“Now that you know what I’m like, what I feel when I look at you,” Leon said.  “What do you think should happen next?”
The woman kept watching him, not speaking.
Leon sat back and smirked.
“You tried to kill me,” Leon said.  “I’ve made the world think you’ve accomplished your task.  Doing that has embarrassed these two men standing on either side of me.  They work for the most powerful woman in this kingdom.  Do you think your master can protect you after this?  Do you think he has the power to touch me at this moment?  I must have looked helpless before.  Do I seem that way now?”
“I’m not alone,” the woman said, her tone flat.  “There are others.”
“Oh, I know that too well,” Leon scoffed.  “You’ve even pulled good people into your stupid plan.  A young man I cared about will lose his future this night because you dared entice him with money.”
“It’s not my fault Pierre needed money.”
“I’m glad you know his name,” Leon said.  “What’s yours?  I think you owe me that much.  I should know the name of the woman who helped plan my assassination.”
“Maggie Veil,” she said with pride.  “I’m not ashamed of my part in this.  It was my sober decision.”
“I imagine,” Leon said with a slight nod.  “Who is behind you, Maggie Veil?  What did they use to buy your sober decision?”
Maggie stared at Leon for a long moment, before she looked down at the floor.
“Have you caught Warren?”
Logan answered that question for Leon.
“Warren tried to run when the police arrived to arrest him.  He got shot in the leg and is in surgery.”
“Stupid bastard,” Maggie said.
“Who is Warren to you?” Leon asked, curious.
“My husband, he was the muscle in the game, I was the thinker,” Maggie said, pride coloring her voice.  “I’ll admit that you’re a hard target to kill, Your Highness.  You had me frustrated more times than I cared to admit.”
“Did I?” Leon mused.  “Well, your husband is in hospital, and you’re tied to a chair.  Should we say I’ve won?”
“Not yet,” Maggie said with a small smirk.  “You’ve lived outside the palace too long, Prince Leon.  The people behind me are too invested.”
“More than one?” Logan asked.
“Royals are unpredictable that way.” Maggie mused.  “They’re both greedy, and double hired me and my husband.  The first job was to take care of your parents.  We used a proxy but your boyfriend there arrested him a few weeks ago.  It set us back, when we had just landed a new opportunity.”
“Who is behind you?” Leon asked again.
“Two princes,” Maggie smiled.
"Name them," Leon ordered.
"Do I need to?" Maggie asked. "It should be obvious to you.  You should know, if they discover Pierre is arrested then poor Queen Amethea is in trouble.  Prince Isaak believes he can persuade her to write a will in his favor, with the right motivation. Constantin is fucked up enough to forge that will and kill Amethea.  It won’t matter what you do here. My goal is still accomplished, and the throne will remain with those in the palace.  I win, Prince Leon.”
Leon got up and left the room without another word.
Logan followed Leon out, leaving Commander Steele to deal with Maggie Veil.  He had to run after Leon, catching him right before he stepped out of the house without the hood of his jacket over his head.  Taking Leon’s arm, Logan dragged Leon into a supply closet and pressed him against the wall.
“Where are you going?” Logan asked.
“Driving to the palace to meet my uncle and cousin,” Leon said, shaking with anger.   “I’ll ask them why my parents had to die.  If they stayed still the crown would be theirs, why did they need to involve my family?  Why did they have to turn me into a desperate man?”
“Leon.”
“Don’t stop me, Logan.  I’ve had enough of this. I can’t believe Grandmother is in trouble now.”
“I know.”
“I’ll go be with her,” Leon said, pushing Logan away, and reaching for the door handle.  He started to open the closet.  “If Isaak and Constantin want to shoot us both for the crown, then they should do it to our faces.  ”
“Will you stop pissing me off?  You’re so doom’s day-ish,” Logan said closing the closet door and pressing Leon against the wall again.  “Take a moment to breath.”
“You’re trying to delay me.”
Leon tried to push Logan away so that he could go out.
“I’m not.”
“You are,” Leon accused, reaching for the string between them in frustration.  He tagged it and filled the small space with light.  “If we’re staying in here, we should at least have light.”
Logan sighed in exasperation.
“You can’t go to the palace alone, Leon.  It’s stupid, and you know that,” Logan said, as Leon leaned on the wall and folded his arms against his chest in momentary defeat.  “We need to do this smart.  I’ll take you to the palace.”
“Sane people would run the other way,” Leon said, looking at Logan.
Logan smiled and pinched Leon’s cheek, a gentle touch really.
“I’m not sane,” Logan said.
Logan reached into his pocket and pulled out the silver key Amethea had given him. He opened his palm to show Leon.
“Now, you just need to tell me where this key goes.”
Leon straightened up and grabbed Logan’s wrist, staring at the key.
“You’ve met her!” Leon grinned, looking relieved.  “You’re so caught, Logan.  We need to get back to Castle Arguro.  Bring Shirley and Tom, no one else.”
“It will be hard to turn away the Commanders.”
“I’ll have them bring the cavalry to the palace gates the usual way.  We need to be fast about this,” Leon said.  “Granny is the last sane family I have.”
“What about Gia?” Logan asked.
“I don’t know about her yet,” Leon sighed.  “Two from her family have become certifiable.  I’m so angry with her family; it will take me a while.”
“Can we leave the closet now?” Logan asked, amused.  “You won’t run off without thinking again?”
Leon chuckled.
“I won’t.”
Logan pulled the hood over Leon’s head.  “You’re still dead to the world.  Try not to shock them.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Leon said as Logan opened the closet door.  They stopped short when they found Shirley, Tom and Commander Stevens waiting.
“What?” Leon asked after a minute.  “We needed privacy.  You guys are all up in my business, all the time.”
Shirley bit back a laugh.  Tom burst out laughing, while Commander Stevens turned away from them to hide his reaction.
“We gotta go.  Shirley, Tom, you guys take Leon out,” Logan said, taking Commander Stevens arm and pulled him aside to explain Leon’s plan.
***
At around eleven in the evening, Petr started to log out of his photo account, as they got ready to leave the palace.  He paused when he saw one of his shared folders in his account turn green to indicate a new upload.  The notification surprised him because Leon used that particular folder to upload new content.
Glancing at Riku and their friends, who were now drinking coffee as they talked quietly to Amethea, Petr turned off the overhead screen in a panic.
Disconnecting his phone from the laptop Olivier had brought him; Petr moved to a quiet alcove and opened the folder to find new photos.  He stilled as the photos of a stunning sunset filled his screen.  There was one of Logan standing by a stall eating crepes.  Checking the time of upload, Petr’s gaze narrowed.
He started to step out of the alcove only to stop, his gaze on Queen Amethea who was listening to Anselm intently.  This was not the right time.  He stepped back into the privacy of the alcove and dialed the one number that would confirm his renewed suspicion.
***

16
Logan’s team drove him back to Castle Arguro without John who was still out for the gunshot he sustained.  It felt surreal to drive through the castle gates in the night.  Officers from Royal Navy opened the front door, with no sign of the regular staff.
Leon was glad to be back but the place felt empty.  Dax was back at the Capital Palace to assist Olivier.  The rest of the staff was on leave until further notice.  It left the castle eerily quiet.  The upper floors were dark with no warmth.
“SPOC has been running security here,” Logan said, when Shirley and Tom hurried off to talk to the team in the security room by the kitchen.  “We have mapped every part of this castle, Leon.  I don’t see what door this key could open.”
Leon took the key from Logan.
“The purpose of hidden passageways was secrecy, Logan,” Leon said, taking the right corridor in the opposite direction of the security room.  “You can map the floors and doors but if you don’t know the castle, you won’t know they exist.
Leon led the way to the castle’s library.  Opening the double doors, he led Logan in and headed straight to the geography section of the extensive collection.  The library was full of tall bookshelves.
“My family collects books,” Leon explained when Logan paused to take in the packed shelves.  “It’s a disease.  My parents would bring back books from their travels.  When I was old enough, I joined in. Our collection of books added to those already existing, we have become bona fide collectors.”
“My bookshelf has travel guides bought by my Mom and maybe a magazine or two on fishing, fair warning,” Logan said as Leon stopped at the corner of the tall bookshelves in the geography section.
“No 33 Strategies of War or The Art of War?” Leon asked, his tone teasing.
“You’re funning me, aren’t you?”
“No.  I wouldn’t dare, though if you want to read those you’ll find them in the business section.”
“Art of War is a military book,” Logan pointed out.
“Well, business is a lot like war, my love.”
Leon winked and crouched low on the floor.  He ran his thumb over a floor brick by the wall and Logan stepped back when the shelf to his right shifted inward from the wall.  A section of the floor slid open to reveal a winded staircase leading down.
“Your castle is full of surprises,” Logan said, hurrying to peek at the staircase.  “Where does this lead?”
“This is called serious-sharing-of-the-family-secrets with you,” Leon said, taking the stairs down. 
Logan followed him and the floor closed above them.
“What about Shirley and Tom?” Logan asked Leon.
“We’ll have to do without them,” Leon said, hitting the light switch mounted on the wall when he reached the last stair.
Light flooded the small basement under the library that housed artifacts collected by his ancestors.  It was his duty to make sure they were in mint-condition, as mint as it got with age anyway.  He sometimes granted reasonable requests for display in museums across the world.
“Your family is heavy with history,” Logan noted, stopping before a glass display that sheltered his great-great grand uncle’s armor.
“Your history too,” Leon said, heading for the farthest wall of the basement.  “Uncle Michael was a prince and a general in the army.  He fought for Aeras, as much as you do in the Royal Navy.  He liked to drink too, so I can’t say he was as dedicated, but his heart was in the right place.”
Logan chuckled and touched the nameplate on the glass stand before he followed Leon.
“Where are we going?” Logan asked, catching up with Leon who was staring at the wall with interest.  “What does the key open?”
Leon touched the rough wall before him.
“I used to come down here when I was a kid.  I liked to play hide and seek with dad.  When he found me down here once, he showed me this passageway.  It was the first one I discovered…” Leon studied the rocks on the wall.  “There is a rhythm to it.  You have to start it right.”
Leon reached high above him to press the first stone.  It sunk deep into the wall and came back up as fast.  Leon came down in a clockwise motion, pressing stones set at three, six, and nine.  He grinned when the stone in the middle of the circle he’d made extended out enough for him to grasp it and turn it counter-clockwise. 
Taking Logan’s left arm, he stepped back, taking Logan with him.  The door swung open to reveal a dark tunnel.
“We’re going to the palace,” Leon said, stepping into the door and pulling a lever on the side to turn on the lights in the tunnel.  He handed the key back to Logan.  “There is a door at the end of this tunnel.  That’s what the key opens.”
“You show me the most interesting things, Leon,” Logan said, following him into the tunnel and closing the door behind him.
The lights sent the shadows away.  The rounded walls of the tunnel looked fortified.  They started walking deeper into the tunnel.
“How come this is here?”
“It’s an escape route built by Uncle Michael a century ago.  They had serious unrest those days, and more than one assassination attempt.  Uncle Michael thought building one of this would save him if he could reach the palace.  It turns out that it can also save the reigning monarch if they need to escape the palace. With each generation living at Castle Arguro, it’s become tradition to maintain the tunnel.”
“Does your uncle Isaak know about this tunnel?” Logan asked, when Leon came to a stop after a short two minutes when they reached two lumps covered with plastic.  Logan pulled one off to reveal two red rail carts, each large enough to carry four people.
“When my dad took over the castle, the tunnel had caved in near the palace,” Leon said, jumping into the driver’s side of the rail cart.  “There was no way through.”
The rail cart had a modified engine.  He turned the key to start it and pressed on the speed pedal to move it.  If he moved his foot from the pedal, then the speed decreased all the way to a stop.
“Let’s go, Logan.”
Logan got in to the passenger seat and watched Leon drive the rail cart.
“Did your dad reconstruct the caved in parts?”
“Yes, although he told my Uncle Isaak he was unable to get it back to the palace.  He lied of course.  Dad diverted the original tunnel to a different entrance into the palace.” Leon smiled.  “It tickled the heck out of him.  Sometimes I think that he would have loved joining a secret society.”
“I think you would too,” Logan stated, settling into the ride.  “As it is, we’re planning on entering the palace to make sure Queen Amethea is not harmed by your cousin and uncle.  We’re using a tunnel you won’t let anyone else use.  This is very secret society stuff.”
Leon chuckled and tightened his grip on the steering wheel.
“Thank you Logan, for making it all so easy.”
“I just wish we could ride up into the palace the right way, and show Constantin what’s what.”
“Quiet like this is better,” Leon said.  “Better for the family’s future, no one likes a royal family in turmoil.  Maggie Veil could be talking shit, Logan.  Besides, I want to contain the damage.  There is still Gia and her mom.”
“Leon—”
“I realize this case can’t stay hidden,” Leon said, sliding his gaze to Logan for a second.  “Murder in the royal family is big news.  The kingdom will get involved.  Politicians, fans, anti-fans will say their piece.”
“You can’t protect them from the trouble that’s coming,” Logan warned.  “Princess Gia and her mother will have to face this, Leon.  You can’t shield them.”
“I can try,” Leon said, his fingers tightening on the wheel as they raced along the railway.
“You’re such a softie,” Logan said after a minute.  “Back at The Glades, you were upset about Gia, saying you can’t forgive her family.  Now, you want to protect Gia and her mom from public uproar.”
“What about it?”
Leon glanced at Logan when he remained silent.  Leon dropped his right hand on Logan’s left knee, squeezing.  Logan looked up, covering Leon’s hand with his.
“Were you very hurt when I left you?” Logan asked.
“Very,” Leon said.  “I wanted to hate you but I couldn’t manage it.  I just kept missing you.”
Logan held his hand tight.
“You weren’t the only who had it rough these last four years.  I wished I could take back my decisions.  I wished I stayed with you when you asked on the day of your parents’ funeral.”
“Why didn’t you?” Leon asked, having always wondered.  “You never tried to visit me after.  I had Dax keep your name on the same list as Gia.  You never called.  You never showed up.”
“I couldn’t,” Logan said, shaking his head.  “Commander Steele pulled me into the case investigating your parents’ car explosion.  I went in deep.  I had to hide who I was, and couldn’t find you to protect the investigation.”
“You met Petr though,” Leon said, pulling his hand out of Logan’s to steady the wheel.
“He found me about a week after your parents’ funeral.  He wrote me a message that said he needed my personal information.  He asked me to direct half my paycheck to a bank account he set up.  He handled the registration of Monarch Securities.  Six months later, I went to visit my mother at our house on the island and he found me there.”
“He was building your personal wealth,” Leon said.  “In case you needed to be vetted for important jobs.”
“That’s exactly what he said,” Logan said, with a small smile.  “After that, we communicated with phone calls.  I met him only when absolutely necessary, Leon.”
“All that time, you could have called me,” Leon said.
“I didn’t know what to say to heal the hurt,” Logan said.  “I kept hoping to come back to you with something substantial.  Show you that even though I refused to stay when you asked, I came back worthy of you.”
“You’ve always been worthy of me,” Leon murmured.
“Oh, Leon, I needed to be away from you to understand myself.”
Leon glanced at Logan and smiled.
“I’m proud of what you’ve done with Monarch Securities,” Leon said.  “I’m proud that people get to call you Lieutenant Commander now.  It excites me to know every little thing about you, Logan.  I’m sad I didn’t meet your Mom.  I’m sad you didn’t get to meet my parents in the way I would have wanted.”
“I love you.”
Leon’s hands dropped away from the wheel, and he shifted to look at Logan in surprise.  The rail cart started to slow down, until it came to a full stop.
“I mean it,” Logan said, brushed back hair that had fallen over Leon’s left eye.  “Even after four years apart, I’m still thoroughly caught by you, Leon.”
Leon breathed out.
“You said it first,” Leon said, then shifted on the bench, pulling Logan into a needy kiss.
Palms pressed on each side of Logan’s face to hold his head steady.  Leon kissed him as if their days ahead were numbered.  Pouring all his love into the kiss, his heartbeat danced wild in his chest, he felt lit on fire.  Their kiss only came to a stop when Logan’s phone went off echoing in the silent tunnel.
Logan grinned against Leon’s lips when Leon sighed.  Brushing a kiss on Leon’s cheek, he reached for his phone.
“Who could be calling you?” Leon asked, moving back to his place.  He started to press on the pedal, only to stop when Logan turned the phone to show him the caller ID.
“Petr,” Logan said, glancing at the time.  “It’s just after eleven.  They were visiting Her Majesty this evening.”
Leon tightened his grip on the steering and jammed his foot on the pedal, making the rail cart move again at a faster speed.
“Answer it,” Leon said, when Logan stared at his ringing phone.
Logan gave him a complicated glance as he brought his phone to his ear.  Leon gritted his teeth and focused on checking the markers.
***
Constantin swallowed down the sting of scotch, and stared at his glass, wondering at the emptiness inside him.  His hated cousin was dead.  Queen Amethea should have looked to him to fill Leon’s place.  Instead, she had invited Leon’s friends to help her mourn.
Constantin reached for the bottle of scotch on the bar counter and poured a fresh glass.
“It won’t be long,” he decided.  “She’ll forget them soon, and then she’ll have only me.”
He scoffed and sipped his drink.
Watching them in that greeting room irked him, shaking his head, he wondered why it pissed him off so much.  He paced to his desk and turned on his laptop.  He needed to pay Maggie Veil before she came after him.  Finding someone to get rid of her would be the first thing he did when he was heir.
“When will you stop drinking?” Isaak asked, walking into his study without a knock.  His voice grated on Constantin’s nerves.
Constantin always found it hard not to throw the glass he held at his father.
“Drinking keeps you muddled, Constantin.”
“What do you care?” Constantin asked.
“Believe it or not, I care a lot about you,” Isaak said with a sigh.
He walked around the couch in the middle of the room and sat, watching Constantin for a minute.  “Now that Leon is gone—”
“Are you sure he’s really gone?” Constantin found himself asking.  Tossing back the last of his scotch, he placed the glass he held on his desk and stared at the payment confirmation to Maggie Veil.  She had not responded her thanks.  “I’m uneasy, Dad.”
“Uneasy is expected,” Isaak said, resting his head back.  “You and I haven’t had an easy road up to now.  There is a body resting at the morgue at Thelem Abbey hospice.  The results prove it is Leon. I had it checked.
“Besides, Mom has brought Leon’s friends for dinner tonight.  They look as friends should when a loved one is dead.  The staff at Castle Arguro is on leave and Dax is helping Olivier with arrangements.  He cries every minute he finds a quiet corner.  How much more proof do you need?” Isaak asked.
Constantin nodded.  His father’s observations were right.  No one could fake real grief.  Riku had looked devastated.  Then there was Dax, he sighed.  Not to mention Hansen who had turned into a slobbering fool.  He hadn’t realized that Hansen cared so much for Leon.
“You should be relieved,” Isaak concluded.  “Mom is going to need you.  I can’t shake off the investigation into your mother’s death.  Warren said they have a solid witness who is in a highly-secured safe house.”
“Don’t even dream of sending someone there,” Constantin warned.  “It will only prove you’re guilty.”
He frowned at the payment confirmation on his screen for a moment longer.  He tapped his finger on the desk, stopping when he received a very short message from Maggie Veil’s email saying ‘Thanks’.  He scoffed.  Since when did she get so nice?
The nagging feeling returned, tingling down his spine.  He couldn’t figure out what was making him so unsure.
“Pull it together, Constantin,” Isaak ordered.  “From now on, there will be more eyes on you and what you’re doing.  Your grandmother will expect more from you.  You can’t have these drinking sessions, and don’t gamble anymore.”
“All you ever give me is a list of what not to do,” Constantin said.
Isaak got up and adjusted his suit jacket as he turned to leave, he said, “It’s served you well, hasn’t it?”
Isaak left as fast as he walked in.  Constantin sighed, and closed his laptop.  He would try to visit his grandmother again, if only to see her eyes when she looked at him.  
***
“Mason,” Logan answered Petr’s call.
“You sound too put together right now.  You must have lied to me,” Petr said in a hushed voice, leaving no room for Logan to explain.  “Why?  Are you with him?  Don’t think of an excuse.  Tell me the truth, Logan, or I will make trouble in this palace.”
“I swear on my life that I can’t give you a straight answer,” Logan said, keeping it honest, aware of Leon’s curious glances.
Silence filled the call and for a moment, Logan thought Petr had ended it.
“You’ve sinned, Logan.  I’ll have to think on how to get back at you for this,” Petr said after sometime.  “You know where we are.  What do you need me to do?”
Logan caught Leon’s gaze and winked.
“Have you encountered Prince Constantin?”
“He’s lurking outside the greeting room.  I think he’s waiting for us to leave,” Petr said.  “Why?”
Logan shifted on his seat.
“Ask Her Majesty who she thinks will take on the throne,” Logan suggested.
“Just that?” Petr asked, puzzled.
“It will be plenty,” Logan said, thinking that poking the bee’s nest would get them a result, or reaction.  Leon pressed down on the gas pedal, increasing their speed on the rail cart.
“You and I will need to talk after this,” Petr warned.
Logan imagined that talk would not be pleasant.
“I’ll look forward to it,” Logan promised.
Petr ended the call and Logan let out a sigh.
“Did he discover you?”
“I don’t know how,” Logan said, shaking his head.
Leon started to slow down the rail cart when they passed an orange sign.  He cut down their speed until they were almost at a crawl.  They came to a stop at the end of the rail tracks right in front of a red sign.  Leon cut the engine and jumped out of the rail car, removing the jacket he wore.  He dropped it on his seat and adjusted his black t-shirt.
Logan didn’t mention the glasses Leon neglected, and instead reached for his weapon from its holster.  He sent a message to Shirley, asking her to head to the palace with Tom, and followed Leon along the cobbled path to a steep staircase.  The steep staircase led them up to a platform high above the tunnel.
“Your key goes here,” Leon said, stopping before a solid steel gate.  “I admit to using it at least twice a year when I don’t want people to know I visit grandmother.  I left it with her the last time because she tried to keep me here by force.”
Logan put the key into the lock and turned it.  The gate swung open in silence to reveal a second carved wood door.
“Where will this open?” Logan asked, checking his gun to make sure he had bullets.
“Grandmother’s private study in her personal residence, we’ll be behind a bookshelf,” Leon said.
Logan nodded and Leon pressed his thumb onto the handle on the door.  The wooden door slid to the side and Logan pulled Leon behind him.  Sure enough, they were behind a bookshelf.  Logan stepped in to the room first, and moved to check the room.  Leon coming up behind him hand on Logan’s back.
Logan breathed relief when he found the room empty.
“We should find Granny,” Leon said, coming around him heading for the door.
***
Petr put his phone away and returned to Riku’s side, taking Riku’s hand he squeezed tight.  Riku returned the squeeze.
“Your Majesty,” Petr decided to test the extent of the lie Logan had told him.  “We have not gotten a date for the funeral.  When will it be?”
Amethea paused, clasping her hands tight on her lap.  She bit her bottom lip and glanced at him for a millisecond before she answered.
“We have not come up with a solid date.  There is an ongoing investigation on the attack.  We also need so many people in attendance so the logistics are—,” Amethea broke off with a sigh.
“Olivier will let you know when we have the date,” she concluded.
Petr decided that Her Majesty, Queen Amethea, would make a perfect actor.  He caught no hint of deceit in her words.  So, he decided to ask Logan’s question.
“Who will take over the throne?” Petr asked, gaining a censoring glance from Riku and Anselm.
“You’re the second person to ask me this,” Amethea said, then smiled as she met Petr’s challenging gaze.  “To be honest, I don’t know.  As you know, Prince Isaak is under investigation.  He might be charged with murder, he might not.  Whatever the outcome, I might have to rely on Princess Gia in the future.”
“What about Prince Constantin?” Petr pushed.
“We shall see,” Amethea shrugged.  “Now, I’m tired.  It has been a long day.  I’m sure you wish to head home as well.  David, I hope you’re feeling better.  You were recently in hospital.”
“I’m doing well, Your Majesty,” David said, standing up because Amethea did, signaling the end of their visit.
“Good, take care of your health.  Leon would want that for you.  When you’re better, bring Miss Sadie to visit me.”
“Yes, Ma’am,” David said.
“Petr, Riku,” Amethea took their clasped hands.  “Life is incredibly short.  Remember that.”
Petr glanced at Riku, noting the sheen of tears in Riku’s eyes.  He shifted so that Riku could hide and wipe his eyes.
Amethea moved to Paul and Anselm.
“Anselm, I’ll have Leon’s horses moved to the palace horse ranch.  We’ll make sure they get the best care,” Amethea said.  “Paul, when it is summer next year, I hope you can invite me to your home in Ireland.  Leon spoke of a beach he used to ride one of your horses.  I might try it.”
“You’re welcome to visit, Your Majesty,” Paul said, taking her hand when she offered and brushing a kiss on the back it.
“Thank you for a lovely evening,” Amethea said, taking a step back.  She left the room a minute later and Petr pulled Riku into a tight hug and hoped for good luck.
***
Amethea removed her gloves and dropped them on a chair when she entered her private suite.  She hadn’t lied to Leon’s friends.  She was exhausted.  A glance at her watch told her it was almost midnight.  She had pushed it today.
The door opened behind her.
“Grace, do you think I could soak in a hot bath for fifteen minutes.  I think that will help me sleep,” she said as she slipped out of her shoes.
Barefoot, she turned and gasped when she found Constantin leaning on her door.
“What are you doing in here?” Amethea demanded when she could talk again.  She walked back; making sure a couch separated her from Constantin.  “I’m tired, Constantin.  If there is a matter you wish to discuss, why don’t we talk about it tomorrow?”
“Why do you hate me?” Constantin asked, not moving.
“What an absurd question.”
Amethea placed a hand on the couch and cursed the fact that she had left her cell phone with Olivier.  She had wanted to make Leon’s picture from Petr her background, and Olivier was more adept at those things.  She had thought to take back her phone in the morning…
Constantin looked drunk.  It made her wary.
“I’ve always wondered why you’ve never liked me,” Constantin continued as though she had not spoken.  “I saw you laughing with Leon’s friends tonight.  It occurred to me that you’ve never shown that kind of interest in me, or what I like.”
“Constantin, if you want me to meet your friends, all you have to do is bring them to the palace,” Amethea said.  “You’re my grandson.  I care about you, same as Leon.”
“No!” Constantin all but shouted.  “Not the same.  Never the same.  You loved him more.”
Amethea took in a breath wondering how she could have missed this kind of anger.  Constantin was a problem child, but she still cared for him.  She worked to protect him, as much as she did for Gia and even Isaak.
“Constantin—”
“I want the throne, instead of Gia,” Constantin said, shocking her.  “Prove you love me by making me Crown Prince.”
“That is not how we make decisions,” Amethea scoffed.  “Constantin, have you learned nothing in this palace?”
“I’ve learned plenty,” Constantin moved away from the door, taking two steps forward.  “I’ve learned that you have to take what you want.  If you don’t, then you’re left behind, with no one to pay attention to you.”
“That’s not true,” Amethea said, taking two steps back.  She had an emergency button mounted near her bed.  If she could get to it, then Olivier would come in with help.  She didn’t like the look in Constantin’s eyes.  “Why don’t you go to bed, and we can discuss this tomorrow?  Constantin, I promise to sit with you all morning—”
“Tomorrow will be too late,” Constantin insisted.  “You need to make your decision tonight.”
“I don’t actually,” Amethea frowned.
She reached up to remove her pearl necklace and started to turn, as casual as possible.  She wanted to walk over to the bed and place it on her bedside table.  Then she could press the panic button.
The door opened behind Constantin and she turned to see Grace, her personal attendant, standing at the entrance with a stack of fresh towels.  Grace’s eyes went wide when she saw Constantin.
Amethea screamed, dropping her pearl necklace, when Constantin turned and shot Grace in the stomach.  Frozen in place, she stared at Grace who was doubled over the towel she held pressed to her middle.
“Your-Your M-majesty,” Grace said, before she fell to the floor on her knees.
“Have you gone mad?” Amethea shouted at Constantin, rushing to Grace, only to gasp when Constantin gripped her left arm tight.
“I’ve run out of patience,” Constantin gritted out, a mad look in his eyes.  “You and I have matters to finish.  We can’t have witnesses.”
Constantin dragged her back and started to point his gun at Grace.  Amethea tried to push him away, but he was too strong for her.  He twisted her left arm, making her cry out.  One second she was sure Constantin would shoot Grace again, the next the gun was pressed against her right temple.
“Constantin!” Leon yelled.
Amethea stared at him with tear-filled eyes.
Constantin scoffed, taking a step back, his left arm wrapping around Amethea.  He pressed the gun he held on Amethea’s neck, making her wince.  He dragged her along as he worked to make space between him and Leon.
“I should have known.”  Constantin cursed under his breath, his grip on her tightening.  “It was too easy.  Too neat, too…I’ll give you points for fooling me, cousin.  Well done.  It’s now obvious than ever that she always loved you more.”
“You’re overthinking the situation,” Leon said, raising his hands.  “Let go of Granny, Constantin and let’s talk this over like adults.  Don’t hurt her.”
“I don’t want to hurt her.  I didn’t want to hurt you either, but she pushed me to it.  Crawling around in the muck to end you was not pleasant.  I even had to befriend your ex-lover,” Constantin said, his expression one of disgust.
“Hansen?” Leon asked in shock.
Constantin chuckled, his arm tightening around Amethea.
“Who would have thought that whore would be the one to warn me?” Constantin mused.  “If he hadn’t called to tell me that Maggie was arrested, how would I be here fighting for what’s mine?  What do you think you can do now, Prince Leon?  Huh?”
“Constantin,” Leon said, working to keep his voice stable.
Behind him, Logan trained his gun on Constantin, closely shadowing Leon.  He was ready to pull Leon back in case of trouble.  Amethea met Leon’s gaze, and she tried to give him a nod of assurance.  He had lived through worse.  They would make it through this.
Leon took a step closer to Constantin.
“First, let go of Granny, Constantin.  She’s not as strong as she used to be, you know that,” Leon said, keeping his tone conversational.
He was trying to reason with a mad man holding a gun to her head.  Amethea closed her eyes as she felt Constantin tremble.
“I’m here,” Leon said, pressing his hands to his chest.  “You’re very angry with me.  I can take it.  Yell at me.  Scream at me. I’ll even let you shoot me if you want.”
“Fuck no,” Logan hissed beside Leon, making Amethea smile.
“Just let go of Granny.  At least stop pressing a gun to her head,” Leon said, ignoring Logan’s protest.  “Come on, Constantin.”
“Did you know?” Constantin asked, cocking his head to the side.
Leon stared at Amethea, worry growing in his eyes.  Amethea tried to smile for him.
“Know what?” Leon asked, biting his lip, he was scared and holding it in.
“That, I’m illegitimate?  That, Grandmother has a witness who says my father poisoned my mother?  That, she planned on making your father, King of Aeras?”
“No.  I did not know,” Leon said.  “I can honestly tell you I didn’t know any of that.”
“You must have,” Constantin said, narrowing his gaze.  “She trusts you more than she does me and Gia.  She must have told you.”
“I’ve spent the past four years at Castle Arguro playing,” Leon said, with a forced chuckle.  “Ask Gia, she visited me often.  Do you think I have time to care about what’s happening in the palace?”
Constantin scoffed at Leon’s explanation.
“Are you saying you don’t want to be King?”
“No.” Leon answered.  “I don’t.”
Constantin’s hold on Amethea loosened and she breathed easier.  He moved the gun away from her neck and used it to scratch his temple.  She took in a deeper breath and managed to fill her nose with the scent of liquor.  She knew Constantin’s habits, knew his drinking led to drugs, or gambling.  She wondered what he’d taken tonight.  She hoped nothing that told him to shoot Leon.  She couldn’t bear that.
“Bullshit,” Constantin told Leon.  “If Granny offered, you’d take it.”
“I have offered,” Amethea confessed, making Constantin hiss.  “Four years ago, I offered it to him and he walked away, to my frustration.”
Constantin let go of her and Leon reached for her pulling her into his arms. 
Leon moved Amethea behind him and faced Constantin.
“Why didn’t you take it?” Constantin demanded, pointing the gun at Leon.
“Constantin, why would I when you and Gia are present?  If you had waited, I would have talked to her.”
“There she is, standing behind you,” Constantin said.  “Why don’t you convince her to take your advice and make me Crown Prince then?”
“Will this end if I do that?” Leon asked, patting Amethea’s hand when she bunched his t-shirt at his waist.  “Will it, Constantin?”
“Of course,” Constantin grinned, like a mad man.  “It will be like it never happened.  Will you talk to her?  She likes you most, Leon.  She’ll listen.”
“I will,” Leon promised.  “Just put the gun down and we can discuss this clearly.”
“No!” Constantin holding the gun steady, aiming at Leon.  “You’re supposed to be dead.  I could always shoot you.  That would solve everything.”
Leon lifted his hands again, while Logan took a step forward obstructing Constantin.  Amethea saw Leon’s hands start shaking.  Her grandson worried for her, but most of all for Logan.
“Okay, okay,” Leon said to Constantin from behind Logan.  “Okay, we’ll talk this out here.  Why do you want me dead so much, Constantin?  Will you tell me that?”
Constantin lowered his gun and rubbed his left eye with his free hand.
“I’ve never liked you,” Constantin said.  “You always get everything without working for it.”
Leon dropped his hands to his sides.
“That’s not true,” Leon said, shocked.
“It is,” Constantin said.  “Look at you; even now those two are terrified that I’ll shoot you.  Grandmother loves you most.  Your parents loved you too.  They talked about you, showed off your pictures, it was annoying to watch.”
Leon held on to Logan’s left arm seeking comfort, Amethea guessed.
“Is that why you killed them?” Leon asked, his voice hoarse.
“I didn’t murder your parents,” Constantin said, with a soft scoff.  “My dad planned that attack.  I discovered the people he hired by mistake.  He made it possible to try it on you when it looked as though grandmother would make you king.”
Leon’s hold on Logan tightened.
“I heard her talking to Olivier.  She wanted him to arrange for your moving into the palace.  Since when does your side of the family live with us?  Then she said you would make a very interesting king and that was it.” Constantin scoffed.  “You have no right to the crown.  You have no idea what it was like growing up in here—”
“I would have given you the crown had you come to me and asked,” Leon cut him off.  “I really would have, Constantin.  Gia came to talk to me all the time.  I—”
“Shut up!” Constantin shouted, holding the gun with both hands.  “Just shut up, you’re lying to me.”
“Leon, don’t,” Logan said.  “You’re agitating him.”
“All of you shut up,” Constantin said, shaking his head, his hands trembling.  “This is not how this was supposed to end.  You ruined everything, Leon.  You ruin everything!  If you hadn’t walked in here, I would have already convinced Grandmother.  You should just die!”
Logan moved fast, pushing Leon back, making him stumble back into Amethea.  She fell on her back with Leon on top of her.  She couldn’t help the muffled scream when the sound of two gunshots filled the room.
Fear gripped Amethea when a soft pain-filled cry filled the room as she struggled up with her heart in her throat.  Leon shifted and she reached for him, checking to make sure he was fine.  Relief flooded her when she noticed no visible injuries.  Leon escaped her concern, his gaze on Logan who was crouched near Constantin.
“Oh God, no,” Leon hurried to Logan.
Amethea followed him, not ready to watch her grandson in grief once again.  Relief flooded her when Leon sighed in relief, as he gripped Logan’s left arm, checking on him.
Constantin moaned a few feet away, clutching his thigh, his gun already in Logan’s possession.  Amethea sighed, as she watched her grandson writhe in pain on her carpet.
The soft pain-filled cry came again and Amethea stood, and they all turned to the door. 
Gia leaned on the couch behind them, her hand pressed to her stomach, her expression one of shock.
“Gia!” Leon shouted.
Leon got up and raced to her side supporting her as she lost her balance.  Logan followed, helping Leon lay Gia on the floor.  Logan removed the jacket he wore and folded it to place it under Gia’s head.  Leon stroked fingers over Gia’s cheek, tears filling his eyes.
“How?” he asked.  “You—?  Why?”
Officers from the Royal Navy were already flooding Amethea’s bedroom, Commander Steele taking charge of Constantin.  Amethea gave him a short nod and moved to kneel next to Leon by Gia’s side.
“I came in to check on grandmother,” Gia managed, her voice filled with pain.  “I w-wanted to—to talk to her about you, Leon.  I can’t believe you’re alive.”
“Oh, Gia,” Leon sighed, watching Logan undo her blouse to check on her wound.  “Don’t talk anymore.  We’ll get you fixed up and we can talk when you’re feeling better.”
“I’m sorry,” Gia said, hissing with pain, tears filling her eyes, her gaze on Leon.  “I thought it was Granny he was after.  I never imagined it could be you, Leon.  I’m so sorry.”
“It’s all fine now.  You’ll be fine,” Leon soothed, brushing her tears away with his fingers. 
“You’re the best of us,” Gia murmured, meeting Amethea’s gaze.  She tried to smile.  “I’m sorry, Granny.”
Amethea took Gia’s hand and held on tight as the royal paramedics came in, getting to work on saving Gia.
***
The next five hours turned into a whirlwind, a blur of activity.  Leon moved with Logan’s direction, following the paramedics who took Gia and Constantin to the hospital for surgery.  Logan dealt with palace security investigators, who descended on the private hospital ward with vengeance.  Amethea sat with Leon through two surgeries.  Constantin’s was minor, but Gia’s was involved.
“Constantin shot her when I pushed his arm up trying to disarm him,” Logan explained at some point.  “I didn’t think there was anyone else in the room.  She rushed in so fast.  I’m so sorry.”
“You did the best you could under the circumstances,” Amethea said, smiling at Logan.  “Don’t beat yourself up, Lt. Commander.”
Logan nodded, getting up from his crouch by her chair.
“I need to give a full statement to complete Constantin’s arrest,” Logan said.  “I’ll be back soon, Leon.”
Leon reached for Logan’s left hand and held it tight, his fingers squeezing strong ones.  He met Logan’s gaze, hoping to remind him not to escape after this.
“I’ll see you very soon,” Logan said, leaning to brush a kiss on the top of his head.  “Don’t worry.”
Leon nodded and let go of Logan’s hand with a sigh.  When Logan had walked to the elevators, Amethea took Leon’s hand.
“Your Logan is a good man,” she said, then kept silent as they waited for Gia’s surgery to end.
Gia’s surgery lasted an hour more, and when she came out of surgery, she was out like a light but out of danger.  Leon and Amethea left the room when Gia’s mother, Erika, came in to sit by her daughter’s side.
***
“Constantin and Isaak are under arrest,” Commander Steele reported, at around five forty-five in the morning.  They were in a private waiting room at the hospital. 
“Maggie Veil has provided a taped conversation of her and Prince Isaak planning the assassination of Prince Kleopas and his wife, Princess Anastasia.  She says she’ll provide more evidence against Constantin, if she’s not taken to Yongi Maximum Prison.”
“Constantin had accounting records at his residence,” Commander Stevens reported, his gaze on Leon who sat staring out the windows of the waiting room.  “We found bank statements of an offshore account.  He probably kept them to protect himself against Maggie Veil.”
It was early morning, barely six yet and the sky was gray.  Leon had not slept.  His grandmother paced the length of the room, her hands folded against her chest.  This matter would require finesse if they were to avoid public uproar.
“What do you think pushed Constantin over last night?” Amethea asked, pausing to look at both Commanders.
“His phone records showed a phone call from a Hansen right before he came up to your suite,” Commander Steele said.
Leon turned then to look at Commander Steele.  He remembered Constantin mentioning Hansen last night too.  He hated to imagine what Hansen would have done had he been closer.
“We caught Hansen trying to take a train to France.  He confessed that he was a contingency plan in case the attack at Sheep Hill failed,” Commander Steele said, facing Leon.  “He was to poison Your Highness when you two met for drinks.”
Leon closed his eyes, somehow hurt by that information.  He had liked Hansen too, enough to introduce him to David.
“We are cleaning up the ranks, as Isaak had his people, so did Constantin,” Commander Steele said.  “I don’t think we can keep the press at bay much longer.  Two princes are under arrest, one is said to be dead, and the princess is in hospital.”
“In other words, the royal house is a mess,” Amethea said, coming to a stop in front of the two commanders.  She stood still for a while, in deep thought.
When she spoke again, it was to Leon.
“I need your decision now.  The Kingdom needs a sense of stability.  Once this news hits the press, we’re going to need to show unity.  I can’t do that without an heir.”
“What about Princess Gia?” Leon asked, unable to forget the sight of her on the floor bleeding from a gunshot.
“She is no longer eligible,” Amethea stated, letting him know she was talking as queen.  “The Crown needs you now.  You’ll lead the family and the kingdom, Leon.”
Leon wiped a hand down his face; he moved closer to the windows showing off the waking city. 
“Give us a minute,” Amethea told the commanders.  They left the room and she came to stand next to him.  “You’re not giving up much, Leon.”
“Castle Arguro is my home,” Leon said, his voice heavy with sadness.  “All the memories I have of my parents are tied to the castle.  What would Dad say if he saw me now?”
“He would be proud of you, same as me, and more,” Amethea said.  “It is true that Kleopas wanted to try and save Isaak’s place when I first called him to meet me.  He worked with Commander Steele investigating Lady Dora’s death.  The evidence was old but it proved the witness right.  Kleopas had Lady Dora’s body exhumed and tested.  The results were foolproof, and enough for the royal household officers to make a decision.  The day your parents died, Kleopas and Anastasia had come in to start the process of investiture.  They promised to talk to you after your trip.  They didn’t want to interrupt your fun.”
Leon turned to face his grandmother.
“I was too excited and didn’t think Isaak would retaliate with his misdeeds exposed,” Amethea confessed her shoulders tense.  “I was wrong to think he would stop, and have always blamed myself for your parents’ deaths, Leon.  I should have been more careful with them.  I’m sorry.”
“Are you telling me this to make me accept the inevitable without fuss?” Leon asked, his gaze hard.
“No.”
Amethea smiled and walked back to the chair she had been using before the Commanders walked in.  She picked up a black folder Olivier had brought with him earlier.  Leon had assumed it was authorization letters for surgery and after care.  Amethea held the folder up for Leon to see the royal insignia on the face of it.
“I’m telling you this because it is what your father agreed to,” Amethea said.  “You’re his heir, so his duties fall to you.”
Leon moved to the take the folder of documents, and opened it to find documents of next of kin and his father’s signature at the bottom.  Leon touched his father’s name with reverence.
“Why would he not tell me?” Leon asked.
“I tried to make them tell you, but your mother fought me on it.  They really wanted you to have a peaceful trip,” Amethea said, placing a reassuring hand on his shoulder.  “Leon, I’m tired.  This investigation hasn’t been easy for me.  Seeing my family in turmoil, losing your father, and watching you close yourself off has been grueling.  I need your help.  It would be nice if you agreed without fuss after what we’ve both been through this night.”
Leon glanced sideways at her, and laughed when he found her watching him with expectant eyes.  He ran an anxious hand through his hair.
“I suppose I have no choice but to help my grandmother,” Leon said.  “Can I still stay at Castle Arguro?  There is no more danger to me now.  I’ll stay until I have to take the throne.”
Amethea sighed.  
“Why can’t I get you to leave Castle Arguro?” Amethea asked, he frowned and she groaned.  “I’ve wanted to have you around the palace forever.  I thought having you in danger would push you into the palace—,”
“I’ll take on all my responsibilities as crown prince right away,” Leon promised.  “I will not turn anything away, Granny.  Please, let me stay at Castle Arguro.”
“Promise to visit me often, and let me visit you,” Amethea said.
Leon started to mock protest only to have Amethea reach up and pinch his right ear.  He chuckled and leaned into her touch to make sure the pinch didn’t turn painful.
“If you don’t agree to this, you might not get to keep Lieutenant Commander Logan Mason.”
“That’s cruel and unusual punishment,” Leon complained.
“I agree because I like him very much,” Amethea said.
“He said he loved me,” Leon said with a wide smile.
“That’s very good,” Amethea nodded, letting go of his ear.  “He’ll need to be smitten with you to ignore the coming invasion into his life.”
Leon closed the folder with finality.
“Give me time before you make announcements,” Leon said, scratching his jaw.  “I need to talk to my friends first.  I’ve done the worst to them.”
“I’ll help you however I can,” Amethea said.  “I can also take the blame for the order.  After all, I gave the consent…”
Leon kissed her cheek.
“I’ll handle it, Granny.”
“Okay,” Amethea sighed and glanced at the door.  “Time to face those two, do you think they ever smile?”
“They do, but not near you.”
Leon chuckled when Amethea made a fish face at him and he hurried to call back the two Commanders into the room.
“As we’ve always planned, Commander Steele, submit all evidence to the relevant offices.  Follow the law to the letter, with no exception.  Please have both princes tried according to the kingdom’s rules of law,” Amethea said.  “Work with the palace on all related statements to both their cases.  Olivier will handle statements on the royal family, as the day progresses.”
Commander Steele and Commander Stevens saluted, accepting their orders.
“On a more personal note, I want to thank both of you for your support and for protecting Leon to the best of your ability,” Amethea said, as Leon faced the commanders too.  “He is now my heir.”
“Thank you for keeping me safe,” Leon said.  “I look forward to working with you.”
“It is our duty, Your Highness,” Commander Steele said.  Then he smiled and gave Leon a slight bow.  “I should say, Your Royal Highness.”
Amethea dismissed them soon after and Leon stretched his arms above his head with a tired yawn.  He dropped his arms and faced Amethea.
“I would like to request your permission to marry Logan Mason,” Leon said, meeting his grandmother’s gaze.  “I ask that you seek approval from the government. You once said it would not be an issue.”
“It’s not an issue. I’ve made preparations for your request a longtime.  I would like to meet Lt. Commander Mason though,” Amethea said with a smile.  “In a more…amiable setting.”
“As my grandmother or as Queen of Aeras?” Leon asked.
“As both,” Amethea said.  “Now go and sort your friends, the palace press releases move like clockwork.  I give you an hour before news breaks.”
“What about Gia?”
“We’ll let you know when she’s awake,” Amethea promised.  “Go on, I need to have a talk with Erika now and I’d like you to miss it.”
Leon smiled, and moved to kiss her cheek.
“I love you, Granny.”
Amethea accepted his kisses on her cheeks and squeezed his right arm.
“I love you too, Leon.”
Leon rushed out of Amethea’s makeshift office at top speed, leaving her chuckling.  He ran into Dax in the corridor outside the waiting room.  Dax stood from the bench in shock, his eyes filling with tears as he stared at Leon.  Leon slowed down and came to a stop right before Dax.
Reaching for the neat kerchief in the breast pocket of Dax’s neat black suit, Leon used it to wipe Dax’s eyes before the tears rolled down his cheeks.
“Your Highness,” Dax managed, swallowing hard.
“I’m sorry for scaring you so badly,” Leon said, pressing the kerchief into Dax’s hand.  “I’m back now, hopefully for a very long time.”
“It is very good to see you again,” Dax said, and gasped when Leon pulled him into a tight hug.  “Thank you for coming back alive.”
***

17
Logan returned to the hospital after he finished with the police.  Shirley drove him.  She wanted to see John after their visit with Leon’s grandmother.
Shirley parked and they went upstairs to meet the Queen and Leon. 
Logan was surprised to find that Leon had already left the private waiting room.
Queen Amethea sat on one of the chairs with Olivier answering calls, as he paced behind her.  There were three assistants from the palace camped at a table by the windows.  Each of them worked on laptops, their focus unshakeable.
“Lieutenant Commander Mason,” Amethea said, getting up when she saw them.  “Shirley, come in.”
Shirley greeted Amethea with a wide smile.
“Shirley, you grow more beautiful each time I see you,” Amethea said, holding her hand.  “Your father is very proud of you.”
“I’m proud to serve, Your Majesty,” Shirley said.
“Thank you for protecting my grandson,” Amethea said, patting Shirley’s hand.  “I owe your family a great debt.”
“It’s our duty, Your Majesty,” Shirley said.
Amethea nodded and turned to Logan.
“I would speak with you alone, Lt. Commander. Will you walk with me?” Amethea asked, letting go of Shirley’s hand.  She picked up a bouquet of wild flowers resting on the chair near the one she vacated.
“Yes, Ma’am,” Logan said, stepping aside to indicate she lead the way.
Amethea led the way out of the waiting room, and started a slow walk down the bright hospital hallway.  Logan kept pace with her, matching his steps to hers, as she insisted.
“Today is going to be filled with ups and downs for my family,” Amethea said, hugging the flowers she held.  “It’s not easy for me to have reached this point.  I thought I had it all under control, but it turns out only fate can decide that.  We were lucky to have you in the room, Logan.  I couldn’t bear the thought of losing Leon too.”
Logan swallowed hard, wanting to let her know that he too had the same thoughts.  Leon was more important to him than he dared voice.
“You may speak freely, Lt. Commander,” Amethea said, stopping to face him. “Leon has chosen you. May I call you Logan?”
“Yes, Ma’am,” Logan said, surprised.
Amethea smiled and touched his left arm with her right.
“I wish you’d look at me as the grandmother of the man you love.  That would please me.”
Logan flashed her a short grin.
“Yes, Ma’am, I’d be glad to do that.”
“Do I make you nervous?” Amethea asked, narrowing her gaze at him.
Logan shook his head, unsure what to say.
“You keep calling Ma’am,” Amethea said.  “You and Leon are kissing partners.  I think we should be past the Ma’am now.”
“I’m not sure how to address you yet,” Logan said, being honest.
“Granny?” Amethea suggested, winking when his eyes went wide with a surprise.  “Leon says it so easily, is it that hard for you?”
“Technically, I’m still under your command.  It would be—"
“Leon is also under my command, that doesn’t seem to stop him,” Amethea said.
Logan bit his bottom lip hard wondering if he could get the word Granny out of his mouth to address the Queen.
“Um…”
“Amethea,” she suggested, with a knowing smile.  “You may call me by my name, or I will be very upset, Logan Mason.”
Logan winced, as she started her walk again and he followed when she turned to make sure he kept up.
“Leon said you love him,” Amethea said.
“I do,” Logan said, with no sense of hesitation.  “Very much, Your Majesty.”
Amethea leveled a glance at him for the title, and continued walking.
“He is Heir Apparent now,” Amethea stated.  “In a few weeks, after this mess is handled, we shall invest him as Crown Prince of Aeras.  He will then have permission to establish his household. The Marshal of Court will call it the Crown Prince Household.”
“I understand, Your Majesty,” Logan said, his tone quiet.
“Loving one such as him will mean you lose much of your personal privacy,” Amethea said.  “Your personal life will suffer great injustices.  There will be unreasonable expectations of you.  Some you will handle, others will make you angry, others you will have no control.  There will be sacrifices but also great gain, Logan. I would ask you to take time and understand the implications of the position you’ll have beside my grandson.”
Logan remembered David once telling him the same thing, in a roundabout way, something about taking a full step into the circle.
“Leon hurried to Castle Arguro,” Amethea said, as Logan realized that she was actually heading to a hospital room on the same floor as Princess Gia.  “He wanted to meet his friends first before news reports start at around nine a.m.”
They stopped at the door into Room 1503.
“I have his phone,” Logan said, reaching into his pocket to get Leon’s phone.  The screen was locked and only Leon could unlock it.  There was a message alert that he couldn’t read.  He should have given it back after Gia got to the hospital.
The threat was neutralized, Logan thought, his assignment as Leon’s security detail was complete.
“No need to call then, just head over to Castle Arguro. Logan, will you think about what I’ve said?” Amethea asked.  
“I will, Your Majesty,” Logan said, with a nod.  “I have one question, will you allow it?”
“Yes.”
“Would you choose me if I wasn’t in a relationship with Leon?” Logan asked.
Amethea studied him for a moment before she answered.
“The family does have rules that govern all of us, of which I’m sure you know.  However, I promised Leon’s father never to interfere with Leon’s choices, no matter what they are and I always keep my promises to family.”  Amethea smiled then. “Marriage and partnership will only work if you like the person you do it with.  So my answer is: I would choose whomever Leon wanted to keep.”
Logan nodded and she reached up and caressed his right jaw.
“There is nothing to it when you love, Logan.  Go find him.  He’ll probably need your support most from now on.  I’ll stay here and handle the ones in the hospital.”
Logan opened the door into the hospital room for her, stepping aside to let her in.  She sent him off with a small nod and he closed the door, staring at Leon’s phone. He decided then that he would head to Castle Arguro as Logan Mason, and not the Royal Navy's Lieutenant Commander.
****
In room 1503, Amethea stared at the single bed in the middle of the room.  Beyond the bed, there were flowers and cards on the table set by the windows.
The woman lying in the bed had monitors hooked up to track her vitals.  A nurse arranged her blankets and made sure the IV worked right.  The woman on the bed turned her head to the door and smiled when she saw her.
“Grace,” Amethea said, hurrying to the bed.  She held up the bouquet of flowers.  “They mixed them up like you prefer.  Do you like them?”
Grace nodded, tears filling her eyes.
The nurse took the flowers from Amethea who took a tissue from the box on the side table and used it to wipe away Grace’s tears. 
“Shh…,” Amethea soothed.  “I’ve talked to your doctor and he says you’re doing well.  Don’t worry about anything.  I’ll handle it all.  It’s my turn to take care of you.”
Grace nodded.
“Your Majesty,” she said, her voice rough.
“I came in to check on you, and sit with you a while,” Amethea said, moving the visitor’s chair closer to the bed so that she could sit and hold Grace’s hand.
“Princess Gia?” Grace asked, a frown dancing on her forehead.
“She’s out of danger and resting.  Her mother is with her,” Amethea said, squeezing Grace’s right hand.  “We were lucky.”
“That’s good,” Grace said with a small sigh.  She closed her eyes, tired.  “I’m glad to know it turned out okay.  It makes me wish my daughter was here.”
Amethea patted her hand gently.
“I called your daughter, Grace,” Amethea said, and smiled when Grace opened her eyes to look at her.  “Olivier is arranging her pickup from the airport.  She’ll be here in no time at all.”
“Oh, what about her job at the embassy in Sweden?” Grace worried.
“There’s nothing to worry about,” Amethea soothed.  “Olivier handled it all, and she got her leave from work.  She’ll stay with you until you get better.  You just need to worry about fighting through this, Grace.”
Grace let out a relieved sigh, and nodded, a tear sliding into her hair.  Amethea pressed a tissue there, soaking it up.  It ate at her that her grandson had brought this much pain to someone who didn’t deserve it.  She wished she had stopped him in some way.  She wished she had seen it coming and healed Constantin’s anger.
“It’s not your fault,” Grace murmured, and Amethea looked up to find Grace watching her.  “It was his choice.  His own decision, don’t think it’s your fault.”
Amethea sighed and squeezed Grace’s hand.  She sat by Grace’s side until she closed her eyes in sleep.  Only then, did she wake up and go out to deal with the outside world and the hard questions they would ask about her family.
****
Leon entered his mother’s favorite sunroom; stopping at the entrance to stare at his five friends all perched on various chairs in the large room.  It took them a minute to notice him, but when they did, Riku reacted first.
In less than a second, Riku wrapped him in a tight hug, so tight he worried he would be unable to breathe.  Leon held on to Riku who buried his face into his shoulder and rocked him from his side.
“I’m sorry.”  Leon told Riku.  “I’m so sorry.”
Riku couldn’t talk.  He kept his face buried in Leon’s shoulder, so Leon kept holding him.  Knowing that it would take Riku a minute, Anselm walked over and kissed Leon’s cheeks in greeting.
“You have an explanation to give,” Anselm said, ruffling his hair affectionately before he moved away.
Paul pulled him into a hug too despite Riku, and dropped an excited kiss on top of his head.
“You’ve managed to surprise me,” Paul teased, as he stepped aside for David.
David stood staring at him with an accusing gaze.
“I’m so happy to see you out of hospital, David.  I’m glad you got better.  Sadie won’t hate me anymore.”
“Is that what you should be discussing?” David asked, glaring at him.  “I’ve never felt so scared in my life.  How dare you die like that?  Do you know what that felt like?”
Leon closed his eyes, taking the accusations, keeping them deep inside.  He didn’t know what else to say.
“I’m sorry.”
“Sorry won’t cut it,” David said, taking a step closer, he punched Leon’s left arm, and shook his head.  “Bastard.  You could have told me, or even Riku.”
Leon rubbed his hands up and down Riku’s back, and tried to pull him off so that he could face Petr.  Riku wiped his eyes against Leon’s t-shirt, and moved away to hide his tears.
“Petr,” Leon started.
“Where is your boyfriend?” Petr asked, looking behind him.  “I need a talk with him before you tell me the reasons why you would make us go through this.  I went to him, and he gave me an elaborate play.  His grief was so real—”
“It’s my fault,” Leon cut in, remembering the state Logan returned to him when he finished talking to Petr.  “I made him do it.”
“I don’t believe that for a second,” Petr scoffed.  “I know you, Your Highness.  You could barely stand looking at me when I was trying to make it work with Genevieve the heiress.  Do you remember?  This is all Lt. Commander Logan Mason.”
Leon moved to sit, feeling as though he would need to start from the beginning to crack through Petr’s wall of anger.
“I’m sorry for all the trouble.  Everything Logan did was to save me from my Uncle and Constantin,” Leon stated, as he dropped into the closest armchair.  “Well, mostly Constantin, who has tried to kill me since his father’s investigation started.  There were three attempts on my life before Logan came to Castle Arguro.”
“Start from the beginning,” Anselm ordered, sitting on the coffee table facing Leon.  “Don’t leave anything out.”
Leon met Anselm’s gaze and breathed in, then out, holding Anselm’s steady gaze.  As though a tap opened, he couldn’t stop when he started talking.  He told them everything from the day his yacht blew up, to the Ferrari’s tires ripping on Sheep Hill Road and the gunshot in Arguro Forest.  He talked about being relieved at having Logan take over security.  Horrified when David got poisoned at the hotel opening ceremony.
“The raining gunshots on the street were the last straw,” Leon said.  “It was an open attack.  It made it obvious they were getting impatient.  Logan came up with the plan to make the culprit think he was successful.  It was to make it easier to complete the investigation.”
“I freaked out when I saw the news that you were dead,” Riku said, coming to sit on coffee table too and took Leon’s left hand.  “I didn’t want to believe it was real.  To think they came so close—”
“I’m fine, Riku,” Leon soothed.  “I wasn’t hurt, although one of Logan’s men was shot.  He’s still recovering.”
“Did they catch the shooter?” Paul asked.
“Almost,” Leon said.  “Constantin’s people shot him dead before he was caught.  Constantin had hired this deadly couple to help him with his plans.  The woman behind the plot gave me the shivers when I met her.”
Leon stopped to study Riku’s hands thinking of Pierre, the man he had trusted with all his vehicles.
“They pulled in Pierre.”
“Sweet Pierre who made my racecar engine sing when we came for a competition here?” Petr asked, his disappointment clear.
“I still can’t believe it either,” Leon said, shaking his head.  “Granted, he thought he was helping a reporter...”
“You almost died,” Riku said, angry with the absent Pierre.  “He’s responsible for that much.”
Leon breathed out, and stared at where Riku still held his hand.
“After all that happened last night, the most stinging moment was the briefing today.  It was a morning after a night Constantin shot his own sister and Granny’s friend, Grace, without remorse.  All of that should have been worse than hearing that Hansen was to take over the baton if the shooter failed.  His task was to poison me if I agree to go out with him for drinks.  I guess he didn’t take my rejection well.”
“I never liked Hansen,” David confessed.  “I hated it when you two were sort-of dating.”
“To be honest, you two weren’t dating, you were booty-calling each other,” Petr pointed out.
Leon made a face at him and decided to let that accusation go.  He deserved it.
“I’m sorry you have had to deal with this alone,” Riku said, patting his hand.
“It was your choice,” Anselm stated.  “You could have told us at any time, Leon.”
“I was protecting you.”
“I don’t need protecting,” Petr scoffed.
“Yeah?” Leon nodded to David who still had a light bandage on his right palm.  “Look what happened to David.  How could I even have anticipated that happening, Petr?  I have to thank you, though.  The man you brought back to Aeras gave us the breakthrough we needed.”
“Why didn’t you tell us?” Petr asked, choosing an armchair across Leon.  “You know we would have helped resolve it.”
“I didn’t want to think too much about the reasons why anyone wanted me dead.  I thought they were simple accidents at first.  The yacht exploding from a simple malfunction, the Ferrari’s tires blowing out, you know how fast I like to drive.  I just thought I pushed it too far.”
Petr looked away from him.
“You didn’t care if you lived,” Petr said, annoyed.
“That’s not fair,” Leon started.
“I’m right,” Petr turned to look at him, his gaze narrowed.
Leon couldn’t look away.  Petr was the one who always saw through him.  He couldn’t hide anything from him.
“It’s irrelevant now,” Leon said after a while because he didn’t know what else to say.  “I couldn’t tell you anything in case it got you all into more trouble.  There was already so much danger.  I didn’t know how the next assault would come.  I—”
“You decided to break trust,” Petr finished for him.  “You should have told us what was going on.”
“Like you told me about all of you helping Logan?” Leon demanded.  “You all grew his security business and kept it from me.  I could have helped too.  What should I call that?”
“It’s not the same,” Riku said, moving to perch on the armchair on Leon’s left side.  He placed a steadying hand on Leon’s left shoulder.  “Logan is our friend too.  We were doing it for both of you.  We hoped it would pull Logan closer.  Give him the confidence to take that last step.”
“I didn’t need him to,” Leon said, shaking his head.  “I would have taken the step closer to him.  We would have worked it out, eventually.”
“Bullshit,” Anselm said, pointing a finger at him.  “You were keeping yourself locked up in your busy life.  When would you two have seen each other?  When he got married and called you to his wedding?  When you were a hundred years old?”
“That’s so mean,” Leon said.
“They’re right,” David said, with a small chuckle.  “Leon, you didn’t even want to mention Logan’s name in case we asked you how you were coping.  Without Logan’s business, you two wouldn’t have met again.”
Leon sighed and stared at his hands for a minute.  Okay, maybe they had a point.  He’d been afraid to think of Logan.  It had hurt watching Logan walk away from him.  After all, who wasn’t afraid of rejection?  Even he, a prince, stumbled over such emotions.  Still, he would have gone looking for Logan, eventually, when it got too hard to keep away.
“Logan needs to be here,” Petr said, his tone quiet.  “We can’t finish this discussion without him.”
“Yes, we can,” Leon insisted.
“No.” Petr shook his head.  “He played a huge role here.  I need to hear his explanations.”
“Petr, any decision Logan has made to do with me has always been to protect me.  From him leaving four years ago, up to now when he’s allowed you all to think me dead.  It was all to protect me.  I stand by him, with him and for him.”
***
Logan leaned on the wall outside the sunroom, floored.  Could he love Leon more?  His heart felt full to bursting with it.  There was nothing like hearing Leon speak up for him to his friends.  It was such a rush.  Especially, when Leon was saying it to Petr, who was like a bulldozer, cutting through a field at top speed with no brakes.  Logan smiled, and looked up to see Dax watching him.
He brought his finger up to keep Dax quiet.  Dax grinned and folded his hands behind him rocking back and forth where he stood.
Silence filled the sunroom for a moment, and then Leon went and broke his heart with his next words.
“I’ll understand if you can’t accept what he’s done,” Leon said, with a sigh.  “That’s your choice, but I’m staying with him, so we’ll—”
“Don’t finish that sentence,” Riku cut Leon off, his tone sharp.  “Don’t fucking say it, Leon, or I’ll take that ridiculous photobook on the coffee table and hit you with it.  We’re not breaking up.”
David chuckled and Anselm gave a long-suffering sigh.
“I was going to say we’ll have to live with seeing less of each other,” Leon said.
“I don’t want to,” Riku said.  “Fix it, Petr.”
“Riku,” Petr started.
“I know you like to pretend, as though nothing touches you, that you’re stronger than the rest of us.  Remember that Leon is someone important to me.  Whom he loves, is important to me too.  He took you in because of me, even when you were being petty and mean about your family business.  Do you remember?”
“Logan made you cry, my love.  I can’t forgive him for that,” Petr said, his voice raised with indignation.  “You were broken over this.  None of them saw you the way I did—”
Logan peeped into the room to see Riku standing over Petr.
“Shut up,” Riku hit the top of Petr’s head, his ears going red.  “Why do you have to talk about that?  Leon is alive: he is well and walking around.  He’s even pissing you off, as usual.  What more do you need?”
“You, by my side,” Petr answered.  “Can’t you just agree?”
“Stay on topic,” Riku said, and then turned to walk away when Petr took his right hand and pressed a kiss on his palm.  Riku sighed and sunk fingers into Petr’s hair.
“I’m glad Logan was with Leon,” Riku said.  “None of us would have known what to do, Petr.  We were away in our homes, living our lives, what could we have done for him? For them?”
Petr glanced at Leon around Riku.
“I still need to talk to Logan,” Petr said.
“He’ll be here soon,” Leon said, his tone sure.  “I hurried home to let you know what to expect as the day goes.  Last night was a nightmare.  Constantin waved his gun and tried to force Granny to name him Heir Apparent.  No one in the family can escape the PR mess that’s coming.”
“The fuck,” Anselm gaped.  “Seriously?”
“Uncle Isaak and Constantin are arrested, Constantin for attempted murder and assault, Isaak for murder.  The woman Constantin hired confessed to planning my parents’ murder with Uncle Isaak’s help.  It has been a very exhausting night.”
“Now what?” Paul asked, moving to the windows.
“Now…” Leon said, his voice trailing away, full of trepidation.
Dax started moving then, stopping at the entrance to knock on the door with a gentle touch.  He did not attempt to announce Logan’s presence.
“Pardon the interruption,” Dax said, when Leon’s friends all turned to face him.  “His Royal Highness, Prince Leon, has documents to authorize.”
“The title is longer,” Riku said, with amusement.
“You’re Heir Apparent,” Anselm stated, with a wide smile.  “You’ll be King after your grandmother.”
“Yes,” Leon confirmed what Queen Amethea had told Logan this morning.
The answer should have shaken him, instead it settled on his shoulders.
Ah, Logan thought.  It wasn’t so hard to love a king after all.
Nothing changed inside him.  He was still thoroughly in love with Leon.
All the sides of him, Logan smiled.
Leon, who preferred to eat off his plate, and take photos unnoticed.  Leon who worried his friends didn’t like the man he chose.  Leon who claimed not to be associated with his grandmother’s crown, but took secret tunnels to visit her anyway.  Leon who was now a nervous crown prince to-be.
Paul reacted first, giving an excited shout, as he clapped.
“Congratulations, Your Royal Highness,” Anselm said, joining in.  “I can’t wait to see you ruling as King.”
Anselm and David joined Paul and Leon endured enthusiastic pats on his back meant to encourage him.  While they celebrated, Dax entered the room, and that’s when Logan saw the four folders he held.
“What is this?” Leon asked, when Dax opened the folders on the coffee table.
“First, we’re bringing you back to life.  You were, after all, declared dead two days ago,” Dax said.  “Then, we’re making preparations to make sure Castle Arguro has new security protocols to match those in the palace.  We shall also receive staff from the Aeras Marshal of Royal Court Office.  They will help manage the ceremony to make you Crown Prince and after that your daily schedule.  I won’t be the one managing it from now on.”
“Dax,” Leon started to protest, looking up from signing the documents in front of him.  “Why?”
“Your hours will be managed by a committee ran by the Marshal’s office,” Dax said.  “I’ll only help you follow the schedule, and your domestic needs.”
Leon signed the last document and handed the pen to Dax.
“I came back with more troubles,” Leon teased, as Dax collected the folders neatly.  “I’m sorry, Dax.”
“I will never complain about the work as long as you stay around, Your Royal Highness,” Dax said with a short nod.  “Her Majesty has given permission to allow you two rest days: today and tomorrow.  Enjoy your time with your friends, and then you need to get to work as we restore peace in the royal family.”
“I’ll call to thank her,” Leon said, watching Dax leave, that’s when he noticed Logan standing at the sunroom entrance.
Leon stood the moment he saw Logan.  He rushed to Logan with a happy smile and Logan braced for impact, opening his arms to hold Leon.  Leon wrapped his arms around Logan’s shoulders, holding him in a tight hug that centered Logan as nothing else could.  Leon leaned up to brush his lips on Logan’s jaw.
“You’re late,” Leon accused, accepting a brief kiss from Logan.
“I’m sorry.”
Logan stopped Leon from backing out of his arms, tightening his arms around him instead.  When he saw Riku look at them, Logan practically lifted Leon and turned him away from the room until they were in the hallway away from curious eyes.
Leon smiled when Logan pressed him against the wall where he had been standing a few minutes ago.  Wanting to taste that smile, Logan captured Leon’s lips in a hungry kiss, taking his time, savoring the feel of Leon in his arms.  Leon held on to him enjoying their quiet moment of bliss.  There was no danger, no one to shoot at them and it felt like the start of heaven.
“Thank you,” Leon said, when they broke their kiss after a moment, “for protecting me.”
Logan pressed his index finger on Leon’s lips.
“There will never be need for thanks between us, Leon.”
Leon took in Logan’s finger into his mouth, sucking on it gently, sending a lick of fire racing down Logan’s spine.  Logan retaliated by kissing his jaw, and whispering in his ear.
“How long before we can escape your friends in there?”
“We need to talk to Petr,” Leon whispered back, taking Logan’s hand and holding it against his chest.  “Riku has done his best to neutralize the bomb, but you know how Petr gets.”
Logan nodded, still excited that Leon had stood up for him with his friends.
“After, can we go away together?” Logan asked, wanting to show Leon his life, his side of the world.
Leon squeezed Logan’s hand.
“Sure.  Where to?” Leon asked, his gaze trusting.
“It will be a happy surprise,” Logan said.
“I love happy surprises.”
Leon grinned and kissed Logan’s chin.  Still holding Logan’s right hand, he led the way back into the sunroom.  His friends now sat calm and composed, not an ounce of the celebration mood they had had earlier in sight.  Leon stopped and kept his place in front of Logan to make them a team.
Logan found that he loved thinking of him and Leon as a team.
“Logan’s here,” Leon said, holding Petr’s gaze with one of defiance. 
Logan took a step forward so that Leon was no longer protecting him.  He tightened his hold on Leon’s hand and faced the five people who had taken on the role of Leon’s family.
“I apologize for making you go through unwarranted grief,” Logan said.  “However, I won’t apologize for lying to you.  I did it to protect Leon, and would do it again.  That’s who I am.”
Silence filled the sunroom for almost three minutes, until Anselm broke it.
“That’s really cool,” Anselm said, with a quick smile.  “I did it to protect Leon, and would do it again.  You’re making me want one.”
“One what?” Logan asked.
“I don’t know yet, girlfriend, boyfriend,” Anselm winked.  “Whoever will make my heart jump and make me say words like those and mean them.  I really want to meet mine.”
Logan decided then that Anselm was his favorite of Leon’s friends.
“I heard your team worked to get me to the hospital fast,” David said.  “Thank you, Logan.  Any later, and I hear I would have been greeting my ancestors.”
“That’s not even funny,” Riku said, glaring at David.
“What?  It’s the truth,” David said, smiling at Logan.  “You’re welcome to visit my house, Logan.  I owe you a big one.”
“Thank you,” Paul said, getting up.  He closed the distance between his couch and Logan and held his hand out for a handshake.  “For keeping Leon alive, I wasn’t looking forward to another state funeral.”
Logan took Paul’s firm handshake and accepted the silent promise of partnership.  Paul moved to stand beside Logan, and they both faced Petr.
“How did you find out I was lying to you?” Logan asked Petr, needing to know where the breach started.
“Leon uploaded photos into a shared folder on his cloud,” Petr said, not moving from his seat.  “I only noticed it because I was showing Queen Amethea pictures from our trip.”
Logan turned to look at Leon in surprise.  He’d taken Leon’s phone from him, when had he uploaded photos?
“How?” Logan asked.
Leon stood blank for a minute, and then snapped his fingers.  “Oh!”
“Oh?” Logan peered at him.  “What oh?”
Leon smiled and leaned into him.
“You had Shirley bring my laptop and camera upstairs the night we escaped the bullets.  I uploaded the photos from habit,” Leon said, his tone sheepish.  “I forgot about it when I came downstairs to find you going through with your plan to meet Petr.”
“For the record,” Logan said, placing a protective arm around Leon’s shoulders.  “He almost took my head off for my plan.  I took his phone away so that he wouldn’t call Riku.”
“I still don’t like your plan,” Petr stated.  “I need a promise from you, Mason.”
“What promise?”
“That you’ll never leave us out of the loop like this again,” Petr insisted.  “It’s not good for you, Leon, or everyone in this room.  Leon allows us use of his resources, as needed.  He, in turn, has open access to all our resources.  Don’t leave us in a position where we can’t help.  Promise us.”
Leon squeezed Logan’s hand then, making Logan look at him, curious.  When Leon gave him an expectant glance, Logan smiled.
“I promise,” Logan told Petr, “to keep you in the loop.”
Petr narrowed his gaze at him, but then he stood and came to stand before Logan.  He held out his right hand, and Logan took it, not surprised to find Petr squeezed harder than necessary.
“I know you now, Mason.  Just remember that as you protect Leon, I also protect Riku.”
“I never forgot it for a second,” Logan said.  
Petr smiled for the first time since Logan walked into the room.
“We should celebrate Leon’s return to the living.  Drinks are on you, possibly for the foreseeable future.”
Logan grinned, pulling Leon into him.  Leon winked at him and wrapped his arms around Logan, finally relieved.  Logan decided he could live with this much.
“I don’t mind that at all,” Logan said.
***
Hours later, Leon woke wrapped in Logan’s scent.  Leon hugged his pillow, rolling from side to side, before he opened his eyes to find he was alone in bed.  He sat up, still holding the pillow, wondering where Logan went.
Logan had taken him away from Castle Arguro after meeting with Leon’s friends.  It felt like eloping since they hadn’t stopped to explain their departure.  Leon grinned thinking about Logan taking his right hand, leading him out of the castle and into the cab of the hugest pickup truck he ever saw.  They drove straight to Logan’s two-bedroom apartment on a quiet suburban street far away from his castle and the palace.
Leon folded his legs in a yoga pose and took in Logan’s personal space.  It was military neat.  Nothing out of place from the picture frames on a chest drawer on the left corner, to the items on a table on the right corner of the room.  The closet doors were closed, and Leon’s jacket was hung neatly over the armchair by the windows.  The only disarray was on the bed, and the covers Leon had kicked to the edge.
He’d been too tired and ended up falling asleep the moment Logan led him into the bedroom.  Leon breathed in Logan’s scent and came off the bed still holding the pillow.  He left the bedroom, and stepped out into the coziest living room possible.  None of the furniture matched, yet it fit right in.  Mismatched throw pillows took up space on armchairs, a huge throw blanket on the equally huge couch.  The wall had a television screen mounted on it, and the windows directly across had sheer white curtains covering them for privacy.  
The sound of water pouring drew his attention.  Leon walked barefoot through the living room to the open-plan kitchen and dining room.  When he didn’t see Logan, he followed the sound of water down a short hallway.  He came to a stop when he found Logan in the laundry room.  Leon leaned on the door watching Logan sort through clothes, placing whites in a separate basket, and his colors in the washing machine.  The dryer was already hard at work.
Suddenly, he remembered this Logan very well, his favorite from their time in that motorhome ride across Norway.  He was the sexiest Logan possible.  Leon placed the pillow he held on the counter and crossed to Logan.  He slipped his hands around Logan, smoothing Logan’s t-shirt over his stomach and grinned when Logan simply leaned back into his chest.
“You’re awake,” Logan said, adding soap into the washing machine slot and closing it.  He closed the washing machine and moved the basket of whites to the side.  “I thought you’d sleep through the day.”
“I could have,” Leon rested his forehead on Logan’s back.  “I’m glad I’m awake though.  Want help with laundry?”
“Do you remember how?” Logan teased.
Leon dug his fingers into Logan’s waist and laughed when Logan sidestepped trying to escape him.  Logan turned and captured his hands, bringing them up to his shoulders.  He wrapped his left arm around Leon and lifted him up on to the washing machine.
“Are you going to remind me how?” Leon asked.
Logan reached up and sunk his fingers into Leon’s hair, pulling him into a kiss.  Leon scooted closer, wrapping his legs around Logan’s hips.  Logan ended their kiss and leaned back to study him.
“I’m almost done, just the whites left,” Logan said.  “I haven’t been home for weeks.  It was too dusty.  You slept, so I occupied myself.”
Leon stroked a thumb over the frown on Logan’s forehead.
“Is this the happy surprise?” Leon asked, looking around the neat laundry room.
“Mm-hmm,” Logan nodded.  “I wanted to bring you to my place.  You’ve never been.”
“I love it,” Leon said.  “It’s quiet.”
“It’s small,” Logan pointed out, pulling Leon into his arms.  He rested his chin on Leon’s shoulder with a sigh.
“It’s perfect.”
His stomach chose that moment to grumble and Leon closed his eyes in embarrassment, tightening his arms around Logan when he tried to move back.
“Hungry?”
“Mm-hmm,” Leon nodded against Logan’s shoulder.
“There is food in the kitchen.  Rice and stew,” Logan said.  “I ordered from the Chinese restaurant down the street.”
“Did you eat?”
“I did, but I can have a coffee,” Logan said, lifting Leon off the washing machine.  Leon kept his legs wrapped around Logan’s hips for a minute, loving how Logan supported his weight then he jumped off.
They went to the kitchen.  Leon helped Logan heat up the rice and stew in the microwave, and sat eating at Logan’s dining table.  Logan brewed coffee and sat next to Leon, watching him eat.
“When did you get this place?” Leon asked, looking around the neat kitchen.
“First paycheck I got,” Logan said.  “Mom helped me find it, after, she helped me furnish it.”
“She has great taste,” Leon said.  “Your couch makes me want to lie on it with you and laze away this afternoon.”
“Why don’t we?” Logan suggested.
Leon smiled and took a bite of the delicious rice and stew on his plate.  “Do you know your neighbors?”
“Not really,” Logan said.  “There’s a lady who lives across me.  I saw her leaving for work once when I was coming home, but we’ve never talked.”
“Was she pretty?” Leon asked, curious.
“Are you being jealous right now?”
“Maybe,” Leon said, studying Logan, his spoon midair.  “Why aren’t you answering?”
“I didn’t care to notice,” Logan said.  “I was too tired.”
The pang that swept through him was full of guilt.  He wished he had been there for Logan then, on those days when he was tired from work and came home alone.
“I wanted it that way,” Logan soothed.
“What about now?”
“Now, I’m here with you,” Logan said, sipping his coffee.  “It feels good to have you here.  It feels right.”
Leon brushed his lips on Logan’s left jaw, happy.  They talked about Logan shopping in the supermarket down the street, and discovering the Chinese restaurant that delivered food.  How he spent so little time in this apartment.
Leon finished eating and insisted on washing his plate and Logan’s mug in the sink.  While he did that, Logan dealt with his clothes.  He brought a basket full of dry clothes to the kitchen and placed it on the table.
“Help me fold,” Logan said, as Leon wiped his hands on a kitchen cloth.
Leon lost himself in the domestic bliss of folding clothes, making sure the washing machine was running right, talking about what to eat for dinner.  He loved it most when they finished with laundry and ended up on the irresistible couch.
They played video games on a very old system, Logan had not bothered to update it, and when they got tired of that, they watched movies.  Logan stretched out on the couch with Leon resting against him.
“I want this every day,” Leon murmured, in the middle of watching the movie Warrior.  “Are you okay with giving this up?”
Logan tightened his arms around Leon.
“How am I losing it if we stay together?” Logan asked.  “Are you moving into the palace?”
“No.”  Leon sighed.  “Granny wants me to, but it’s reasonable to wait.  It’s good for us to stand separate and divide the workload.  Besides, Castle Arguro has secrets that need time and the right master.  Plus, there is a Crown Prince office at the palace.  It will become my day job.”
Logan breathed out.  “Your grandmother talked to me today.”
Leon shifted on the couch to face Logan in a panic.
“What did she say?”
Logan smiled.
“Why are you so frightened?” Logan asked.
“It’s Granny,” Leon said, placing his palm on Logan’s face, his thumb rubbing over dark stubble.  “She has a very harsh side.”
Logan shook his head.
“She was very cordial with me.”
“That’s even more frightening,” Leon said.  “What did she ask of you?”
“To think of who I will be to you.  To think very hard and make a choice.”
Leon bit his bottom lip and stared at Logan’s throat.  Yes.  Granny always knew how to reach straight to the root of the problem.  She had known what to say to this man he so loved with all his heart.
“Leon, I—,” Logan started and Leon stopped him by moving his palm over Logan’s mouth.
“I fell in love with you the night we stayed out on the balcony at Eibsee Lake.  You stole a kiss that night. I've loved you since then.”
Logan’s eyes sparkled with mirth, making Leon smile.
“You fascinated me so much before that; I took thousands of photos of you when you weren’t looking.  I wanted to print out a photobook and call it ‘The-Million-Faces-of-Logan.”
“I cherish our first kiss like it happened a minute ago. I remember our first time together in the same way.  I’ll never forget that you held me up on the very worst day of my life.  Most of all, even when you were gone from me, all I kept wishing is that you would walk back into my life.  I almost rushed you that day you entered the dining room at Castle Arguro.”
Logan moved Leon’s hand away from his mouth.
“Why didn’t you?”
Leon closed his eyes, wondering why his heart was beating so fast.
“I was afraid you weren’t staying.”
“Leon.”
“Being with me in the way I dream of will mean you lose a lot of your privacy,” Leon said.  “People will wonder why you chose the shirt you wore in the morning, or why you cut your hair that way.  They’ll find reason to talk about your parents, your mom, your dad, your grandparents.  Who you talk to—”
“I don’t care,” Logan cut in to his tirade.
“If you want to keep working and—”
“My job description can change, Leon.”
“What about your career?”
“It’s just that, a career.  I can change it at any time,” Logan said.
Leon opened his eyes then and met Logan’s steady blue gaze.
“Will you be mine, Logan?”
“Yes.” Logan smiled, and pulled him closer.  “And you, will you be mine, Leon?”
The anxiety in Leon's heart floated away, leaving only hope for the future.
“Always,” Leon said, sinking into Logan’s warmth when he pulled him into his arms.  It felt like finding home.
***
18
The next morning, Paul, David and Anselm sat in the informal dining room at Castle Arguro having breakfast.  Dax came in and out; making sure the side table had enough food for breakfast.  The television tuned to the morning news, while David and Anselm worked on their laptops.
Petr had yet to make an appearance.  Paul assumed he was tired.  Riku had left early in the morning, only telling Paul that he would call later.  He had looked pensive.  Paul had not pushed for more information.
A press briefing at the palace led by Olivier started, prompting Paul to add the volume.
‘…Prince Isaak has been arrested for conspiring to murder his younger brother, Prince Kleopas and his sister in-law, Princess Anastasia.  The authorities have comprehensive evidence to support the charges, and His Highness shall therefore face the full force of the law.’
A round of questions started from the men and women of the press, but Olivier ignored them, waiting to complete his prepared statement.  He continued when the room went silent.
“Prince Constantin is arrested for plotting to bring harm to His Highness, Prince Leon.  His actions were thwarted through dedicated effort by investigators.  The authorities have taken over inquiries and shall lead the way forward on these cases.  The Capital Palace assures all people of Aeras, and the world, that justice shall be served.  We shall cooperate with law enforcement to ensure a fast resolution.  No one is above the law.  There will be no interference from any member of the royal family.”
“The floor is now open for questions,” Olivier said, closing the folder he was holding, he faced the press.
“A few days ago, Prince Leon was announced dead.  Is this false information and why has he not appeared at this press briefing?”
“His Highness, Prince Leon is recuperating after this ordeal.  The Capital Palace shall inform you when we have made preparations for his press briefing.”
“How badly was His Highness injured?”
“His Highness, Prince Leon is recovering,” Olivier answered.
“Will Palace Officials stop the investigation into Lady Dora’s death?”
“The palace shall cooperate with law enforcement authorities in all investigations,” Olivier said.
“When will Her Majesty make a statement on the future of the royal family?”
“The Capital Palace will communicate the next press briefing and answer your questions then,” Olivier said, starting to leave.
Paul muted the television and winked at Anselm who was busy eating a bowl of cereal.
“Looks like Leon has his work cut out for him,” Paul noted.
“He better enjoy today,” David said with a small yawn, pushing his laptop to the side, he picked up his coffee cup.  “I can’t believe he left us here alone.”
“They needed time together,” Anselm said.  “Logan is probably enjoying the last few hours of obscurity.  After this…”
Paul mimed an explosion.
“They’ll make an interesting royal couple,” Paul decided, picking up his phone to answer a message from his farm manager.
Petr came running into the dining room looking disheveled.  He was in his pajama pants and nothing else.  He looked caught in a web of panic, his gaze searching the room.
“Have you guys seen Riku?” Petr asked.
“This morning,” Paul said, with a nod.  “He left the castle and said he would be back later.”
“Did he have his bags?” Petr asked.
“Just his phone,” Paul said with a frown.
“You don’t think he’s left, do you?” David asked, turning to look at Petr who was running fingers through his hair.
Petr sighed and came to the dining table sliding into an empty chair.
“We had a goodnight.  I thought we talked—”
“Are you sure there was speech involved?” Anselm asked.
Petr gave him a short censuring glance, making them all laugh.
“Come on,” Petr said, his voice tinged with annoyance.   “I thought we reached an understanding last night.  I wake up this morning to find the bed empty.  I can only wonder—
“He’ll be back,” Paul soothed.  “Riku is not going to fly out while Leon is dealing with all these and David is just out of hospital.  Give him some credit.”
“Easy for you to say,” Petr sighed.  “You have no idea what it’s been like this last year.  I’m afraid he’ll leave me.”
“Petr,” David shifted in his chair so that he could pat Petr’s shoulder.  “He didn’t leave you when you were hanging with Genevieve.  You’ve put him through so much.  Give him time.”
“I’ve changed,” Petr said.  “I don’t look at anyone who hits on me.  I have managers running all my clubs.  He’s turned me into a monk for weeks on end.  I don’t know what else to say to make him believe me.  I love him.”
“If you love him as you say,” Anselm said.  “You’ll give him the time and space he needs.  Hounding him like this will keep you two apart longer.”
Petr ran fingers through his hair and rested his forehead on the table.  Paul met David’s gaze, then Anselm.  He got up from his seat and moved where Petr sat and patted his shoulder.
“Come on Petr, let’s spend the day at Leon’s stable today,” Paul suggested, knowing they needed to distract Petr.
“I’m barely dressed,” Petr complained.
“That will take you a few minutes,” Anselm said. “Come on, I’ll race you.  I’ll even let you win.”
“You’re an ass,” Petr said, lifting his head to look at Anselm.  “I’ll win on my own steam.  I don’t need a head start from you.”
“Whatever you say, old man,” Anselm laughed when Petr chucked a saltshaker at him.  “Riku will come back.  I’m sure he’ll stop by that bakery he likes and bring you more baked goods.  You’re going to need the exercise, Petr.”
Petr gave a long sigh and sat staring at the table for a full minute before he got up.
“What’s for breakfast?” he asked, moving to the side table.  “By the way, I get to ride Leon’s Starburst.”
“Hell no,” Anselm said.  “Starburst is for Leon.  Choose another horse.”
“You’re so protective,” Petr complained.  “Why can’t I ride Starburst?”
“You’re not Leon,” Anselm pointed out getting up to return his bowl to the side table.
“What do I get if I win?” Petr asked.
“A chocolate cake,” Anselm teased, making Petr push him away.  “What do you want?”
“A horse,” Petr bargained…
Paul chuckled and returned to his seat, picking up his phone to finish his message.  He glanced at the television and turned the volume up when he saw a picture of Leon in his full royal regalia on the screen.  The newscaster was saying,
‘…His Highness, Prince Leon Maximillian could be our next king.  Sources confirm that the Capital Palace Officials are consulting with members of parliament on the succession law.  There has been no official announcement, yet, but we are following this developing story.  Stay tuned on ANN News…’
***
Logan smiled at the needy groan that came from Leon.  He sucked harder on the sensitive skin on the curve of Leon’s neck.  Gentle fingers sunk in his hair and bunched it tight, holding him in place.
“You’re teasing me,” Leon complained, when he didn’t do more than rain kisses on Leon’s neck, down to his collarbone.  “Should I beg you?”
“I like it when you beg,” Logan teased, sliding his hands under Leon’s t-shirt.  His fingers traced warm skin, and then he tickled Leon, grinning when Leon broke into uncontrollable laughs and tried to escape him.
“Stop,” Leon said, between laughs, he wiggled on the bed in the most delicious of ways, trying to escape Logan’s fingers.  Leon reached for a pillow hoping to use it in his defense.  Logan dodged it and had managed to kiss capture Leon’s lips when the doorbell rang.
They both groaned in protest.  Logan lingered on their kiss, hoping his visitor would go away.  When the doorbell persisted, he broke their kiss with a sigh.  Meeting Leon’s gaze, he took in a deep breath.
“Don’t move,” he whispered.
“I’ll be right here,” Leon said, reaching up to run a gentle finger over Logan’s bottom lip.  “Hurry back.”
Logan practically jumped out of bed, adjusting his t-shirt, eager to send their unwanted visitor away.  He wanted Leon all to himself today.  He rushed out of his bedroom and went to the front door at top speed.  Opening the door, he almost cried in protest when Riku walked in holding bags from a bakery without invitation.
“I brought croissants,” Riku said, looking around the living room, and heading straight for the open plan kitchen when he saw it.  “I’ll make coffee.  Don’t look at me like that.  I just need to talk to Leon.”
“Can’t it wait?”
Riku paused on his trek to the kitchen to look at him.
“You’ve had him to yourself all night.  Who knows when he’ll have these many hours to burn? I’m taking advantage.”
“You suck,” Logan felt compelled to point out as he closed the door a bit too loud.
“I’ll make you coffee, and eggs, and bacon.  You used to like bacon,” Riku said, dumping the bags he carried on the kitchen table.  “Come on, Logan.”
Logan sighed and then because he saw the dark shadows under Riku’s eyes, he headed back to his bedroom.  Leon was sitting up on their bed yoga style.  He was still in the pajama pants he borrowed from Logan, no t-shirt, having been discarded in readiness.
“Riku’s here,” Logan said, joining him on the bed.  “He brought breakfast.”
Leon beckoned him closer, until they were inches apart.
Leon brushed his lips on Logan’s parted ones, Logan leaned in and deepened their kiss, holding Leon still, so that he could take as much as he wanted.  He sighed when Leon broke their kiss, and cupped his face.
“How did he look to you?” Leon asked.
“Like he needs to talk,” Logan murmured.
Leon pressed a chaste kiss on Logan’s cheek.
“Then let’s go see him,” Leon said, brushing fingers through Logan’s hair.  “We have all day together after.”
“There is still some place I want to take you,” Logan said, getting up to get a fresh t-shirt for Leon from his closet.
“I’m all yours,” Leon said, taking the white t-shirt Logan brought him and pulling it on.  Logan made sure Leon wore his huge navy hoodie and grinned when Leon had to roll the sleeves back.
“You’re enjoying this,” Leon said, following Logan out of the bedroom.
“I love you in my clothes,” Logan decided, wishing he could keep Leon here in this apartment for good.  “Wear them often.”
“You took your time,” Riku said, when they entered the kitchen.
He had found the frying pan and was busy making scrambled eggs and bacon. Leon hugged him from the back, and Riku rested against Leon with full trust.  Leon held Riku steady as he turned bacon.
“You brought breakfast,” Leon teased, tugging on Riku’s left ear, his fingers holding the silver earring there.  “Where is Petr?”
“At Castle Arguro,” Riku said, his tone too low.  He straightened away from Leon and concentrated on serving the eggs and bacon in the pan onto three plates.
Leon took a piece of bacon from one of the plates and leaned on the counter next to Riku, chewing on it.
“Something happen?” Leon asked.
“Why would something happen?” Riku asked, adding more bacon into the frying pan.  He returned it to the fire, and concentrated a bit too hard on cooking the bacon.
Leon met Logan’s gaze, and lifted his brow in question.  Logan shrugged his shoulders.  He got a mug of coffee and settled at the kitchen table watching Leon and Riku. 
“You’re here making breakfast for me and Logan, instead of Petr,” Leon continued.  “Of course something’s happened.”
“Leon,” Riku turned to face Leon holding a spatula.
Leon stole a piece of bacon from a second plate and got a smack on his shoulder for it.
Logan grinned and sipped his coffee.
“You and I still have to hash out the fact that I cried my eyes out for two days because of you,” Riku said.
“You didn’t say anything yesterday when Petr was being an ass about it,” Leon pointed out.
“How could I?” Riku scoffed and turned off the fire, dividing the rest of the bacon among the three plates.  He took the pan to the sink and placed the spatula beside it.  “If I dared talk you would have ended up living without us.  I can’t even begin to think about us not being friends.  How could you suggest that?”
Leon sighed and watched Riku head to the fridge, where he found a bottle of orange juice.  Logan got up and went to find three glasses before Riku started a search.
“I love you guys,” Leon stated.  “I also can’t live without Logan, Riku.  I love him too.”
“I figured that a while back,” Riku said, bringing the orange juice to the kitchen table.  He smiled at Logan, and uncapped the bottle.  “He never talked about you after you left.  Not once, not to me, not to David, not even in conversation by mistake.”
“Should I be happy about that?” Logan asked, glancing at Leon who was now eating bacon from the third plate on the counter.
Logan took the plates away and brought them to the kitchen table.  Leon followed him and sat in the chair next to his, already reaching for bacon from Logan’s plate.
“Yes.” Riku moved the plate of croissants to the middle of the kitchen table, and a plate of sliced apples as well.  “If he’s not talking about it, he’s worrying about it.  If he’s worrying about it, he cares too much.  You, Logan, are someone he worried about constantly.”
Leon focused on eating slices of apples and Logan kissed his left temple.
“So, Logan, the same way he supports my insane obsession with Petr, I support his with you.  I have to say yours has been more interesting to watch.  You even dared plot a funeral together.”
Logan chuckled and took the bottle of orange juice from Riku.
“Sit down, Riku,” Logan urged.  “I’ll let you plot something against me next time.  What’s bugging you today?”
Riku sat and watched Leon eat apples.  He moved the plate away and exchanged it with the eggs and bacon.
“Should I leave Petr?” Riku asked, making Leon choke on his apples.
Logan handed Leon a napkin and pressed a glass of juice into his right hand when Leon managed to swallow down his food.  He made sure Leon took a few sips before he turned to Riku.
“Seriously?” Logan asked.
“It’s a legitimate question,” Riku said, folding his hands against his chest.  He shook his head, and then closed his eyes.  “I don’t think clearly where he’s concerned.  One touch from him and I lose my mind.  I need you to be objective.”
Leon placed his glass of juice on the table.  “Riku.”
“I’m asking for an honest opinion,” Riku stated, opening his eyes to look at Leon.  “This is life, Leon.  I—”
“Do you love him?” Leon asked.
“I do, but when has that changed anything for us?  I loved him when he was trying to make nice with Genevieve.  I loved him when he disappeared on me for months dealing with his pipelines.  I’ve loved him through it all.  Now—,” Riku sighed.  “I want him to choose me.”
“Hasn’t he?” Leon asked.  “He follows you around like a lost puppy.  He leaves all his obligations and goes to Bangkok to stay with you, Riku.  You know what it takes to do that, right?”
“I know,” Riku said with a sigh.  “I know because I’ve done it for you, and David.  I would do it again for you.”
“Riku.”
“I just don’t want to give it all up, throw my lot in with Petr, and then down the line he finds a new Genevieve,” Riku said, tears filling his eyes when he looked at Leon.  “What would I do then?”
“Oh, Riku,” Leon got up and pulled Riku into his arms.  “Petr would not do that.”
“He’s done it before,” Riku pointed out, burying his face into Leon’s stomach.  “I won’t make it if he does, Leon.  Not this time, it will hurt too much.  If I’m all in, and he’s not, I won’t make it, Leon.”
“Okay,” Leon met Logan’s gaze, worry in his eyes.  “Okay, Riku.  You don’t have to make a decision right now.”
“He keeps pushing for one,” Riku said.  “I can’t say no to him because every time he touches me I lose my mind.  I forget what I’m worrying about and want to believe everything he says.  Last night, I’m quite sure I gave in, and it scares me, Leon.  It scares me.”
Leon let go of Riku and crouched beside him, looking into his eyes.
“What do you need, Riku?  I’ll make sure you get it.”
Riku wiped his eyes and shook his head.  He took Leon’s hand, and spent a few minutes folding the sleeves of Logan’s hoody back.
“Time to think clearly,” Riku murmured.  “He doesn’t give it to me, Leon.  He keeps coming at me, calling me; I don’t have time to think clearly.”
“Okay,” Leon said, squeezing Riku’s hand.  “You and Petr are my friends and I love you both.  But, I can’t tell you whether to leave Petr or stay with him, Riku.  Your heart will make that decision.  Your happiness is what matters.  Do what makes you happy.  What I can do is find a place for you to stay and let you think without interruption, which rules out any place I own for sure.  Petr has access.”
“I have a place,” Logan suggested.
“Where?” Leon asked, looking at him with interest.
“I was going to take you there later today.  We can go together,” Logan suggested.  “Riku is welcome to stay as long as he needs.”
“What about Petr?” Riku asked, squeezing Leon’s hand.
“I’ll talk to him about it,” Leon said.  “I won’t let him freak out looking for you.”
Riku sighed and nodded.
“Leon.  I—,”
Riku broke off and stared at their clasped hands.
“I won’t disappear again,” Leon promised.  “I’ll take care of my health and try to keep my enemies at a minimum.  There’s Logan now too.  All you need to do is ask him if you need anything, you know that, right?”
Riku looked up and met Logan’s gaze, his full of uncertainty.  Logan then realized that Riku needed Leon more than he dared express.  He had wronged Riku, and left him vulnerable by taking Leon away even for the few days.
“Riku, asking Leon is asking me too,” Logan confirmed.  “You have me too.”
Riku gave him a shy smile and got a pinch on his cheek from Leon.
“Why are you being shy with him?” Leon teased, getting up to return to his chair.  “Gosh I’m hungry.”
Riku’s smile widened and he pushed the plate of eggs and bacon closer to Leon.  He handed Leon a fork and watched as Leon ate.
Logan sipped his coffee excited by the idea of discovering this new side to Leon’s friends.  He had not seen it on their trip.  They had kept it contained; he could never have imagined Riku could be so vulnerable.  That Leon played such an important role to him.  This must have been what David meant by taking a step closer.
“Where is this place you want to take us to?” Leon asked, breaking into his thoughts.
“An island full of stars,” Logan said.
“I want to see it,” Riku said, taking up his glass of juice.
“We’ll need groceries,” Logan said, getting up to find his phone.  “It will be easier if I shop alone.”
Leon grabbed his right wrist, stopping his progress.
Logan met Leon’s gaze and paused when he saw the silent request.
“Let’s go together,” Leon said.
Logan took in a deep breath and let it out slow.  Riku drank the last of his juice, also waiting for Logan’s answer.  A minute passed, then Leon started to let go of his hand and Logan grabbed on to it.
“Sure, why not,” Logan said.  “Let’s go after breakfast.”
Logan archived Leon’s pleased smile, locking it away deep inside.
***
Heart skipping as if he was eloping with Logan, Leon sorted through avocados, placing his chosen loot in a basket.  They were in the open farmer’s market a few blocks away from the docks.  They had finished with the supermarket items and needed vegetables and fruits.  Logan suggested the farmer’s market, saying his mother had loved to shop here for fresh produce.  Riku was to meet them at the docks, as he’d gone to collect his clothes from David’s house.
“What did your mom like to eat?” Leon found himself asking Logan.
“She loved berries of any kind,” Logan said, taking the basket of avocados when Leon was done and handing them to the vendor.  She weighed them, bagged them and Logan paid. 
“Raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries, she made sure her kitchen had them at all times.  I grew up on berry pies, tarts and smoothies,” Logan grinned.  “I once told her she’ll start growing them in her stomach.”
Leon laughed and couldn’t help stopping at a stand with gorgeous red raspberries.
“Should we try making smoothies?” Leon asked, picking up a sealed punnet filled with raspberries.  He checked to make sure there were no bruised fruits and smiled when he found none.  “This one looks good.”
“We’ll need more than one,” Logan said, moving to help him choose from the selection offered.
“How about these?” the lady in charge of the stand said, placing a large bowl filled with fresh raspberries.  “I can pack them up for you.  I also have blueberries and black berries.  Would you like to see them, Your Highness?”
Leon sucked in air, adjusting the dark cap he wore.  He had hoped it would obscure his face a bit, but keen eyes were hard to fool.  He glanced at Logan, worried.
“I’m not so hot for blackberries,” Logan said, taking over the selection, looking over the new offering.  “These definitely look better.  We can take two pounds.”
“That’s a lot of raspberries,” Leon said, falling in love with Logan all over again.
His boyfriend did not attempt to run when more vendors turned to them with interest, not even when they took discrete photos of them.  
“I think we should get three pounds,” Logan said, tasting one of the berries.  “We have Riku to think about.  He’ll be staying more days, won’t he?”
“Okay,” Leon said, with a smile, turning to the lady in charge.  “We’ll take three pounds of the raspberries and the blueberries.”
“Each?” she asked.
“Yes,” Leon said, moving closer to Logan.
Logan held out a raspberry and Leon held his hand steady so that he could take it into his mouth.  Soft murmurs started around them, and he leaned up and brushed his lips on Logan’s cheek.  Logan took the fruits from the vendor after paying.  Leon put them in their eco-shopping bag, and smiled when Logan took his hand holding it tight as they walked down the aisles checking on vegetables.
His phone rang when Logan was busy negotiating down prices on broccoli.  Leon answered without checking the caller ID.
“You couldn’t wait until I made a formal announcement?” Amethea asked.
“I haven’t done anything, Granny,” Leon said. “We’re only buying veggies.”
“You sound pleased with yourself.  Did you tell him to make this step, or did he make it on his own?”
“He made it on his own,” Leon said, smiling when Logan held up three healthy looking broccoli heads.  “Are you calling to complain?”
“I’m calling to complain because I wasn’t invited on this trip to the farmer’s market.  I’m partial to raspberries too, Leon.”
Leon laughed.
“Social media is going to be the end of me.  Did they get the prices too?”
“Yes.” Amethea chuckled.  “Do I get one of those pounds?”
“Send Olivier over to buy some,” Leon said.  “They are very delicious.”
“Dax has found a press manager for Logan.  The Marshal’s office is finding a secretary for him too.  They’ll handle the rest.  Thank you for boosting sales on raspberries, Leon,” Amethea said.  “Be careful.”
“We are, Granny.”
When they left the farmer’s market, they found a black security van waiting behind Logan’s pickup truck.  Logan acknowledged the occupants in the van with a nod, as he stowed away their shopping.
The van followed them to the docks where Logan led the way to a boat named Gabby.
Riku was already onboard.
Logan gave the coordinates to the security team, so that they could follow them when their boat arrived.
When they were far out in the ocean, Logan turned to Leon.
“Happy?” Logan asked, as he stood at the helm.
“Very,” Leon said, wrapping an arm around Logan’s waist and leaned into him.  “You were very cool at the farmer’s market.  No regrets?”
“None, as long as we are together,” Logan said, pulling Leon closer so that he could hold the wheel.  “Now, when was the last time you steered a boat?”
“I don’t remember,” Leon said honestly.
Logan stood rock steady behind him as Leon placed his hands on the steer wheel.  Logan held his hands as they steered the boat over the ocean waters.  They moved fast.  It was an exhilarating ride.
Most of all, Leon was glad to have Logan standing solid behind him.  It felt as though they could face anything like this.
***
Three hours later, Logan watched Leon place a large bouquet of white carnations on Gabriella Mason’s grave.  Leon spent a few minutes arranging the flowers, and then straightened up to stand beside Logan.  Logan took Leon’s hand and held it tight.
“Hi, Mom.”
Logan smiled because he was aware that Leon was nervous.
“I’m back from the mainland.  I’m sorry it’s been a while.  I figure you would forgive me because I brought someone to meet you today.  Someone you’ve always wanted to meet.”
Logan looked at Leon.
“My boyfriend,” Logan said.
“Just your boyfriend?” Leon asked, squeezing his hand.
“Not just my boyfriend,” Logan corrected with a small smile.  “Mom, this is Leon Maximillian, my fiancé.”
Leon turned to the white gravestone with the ocean as a backdrop.  Logan had chosen the highest point of the island, a twenty-minute walk from the beach house where they left Riku.  A peach tree provided shade a few feet away, with a sturdy swing seat hanging underneath it.  It was a perfect spot to watch the ocean below.  Gabriella would have loved it.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Mrs. Mason.”
“Call her Gabby,” Logan urged.  “She would have wanted that.”
Leon nodded.
“Gabby.  I promise to love your son.  I promise to take care of him, and be a companion to him for the rest of my days.”
“Gosh, you’re making me blush,” Logan said with a grin.
“Thank you for bringing me,” Leon said, reaching to touch the gravestone with reverence.  “I’m sorry I was late to meet her.”
“We have each other,” Logan said, resting his arm over Leon’s shoulders.
“You just called me your fiancé,” Leon said, leaning into him.
“I did,” Logan said.
Leon bunched his t-shirt.
“I know I’m a simple soul, but shouldn’t you have given me a ring or something?  You know, claiming I belong to you or something romantic like that?”
“Are you asking for a proposal?”
“I’m saying I want one.”
“Can’t you just know I want to live with you all my life?” Logan asked.
“I also want to live with you too.  I still want a formal proposal.”
“Leon.”
“Logan,” Leon said, looking at him.
“Are we arguing?”
“Is this what arguing looks like to you?” Leon asked, moving away from Logan to check out the peach tree.
“I would call it bickering,” Riku said, coming up the hill to where they were standing.  “I’m afraid I’ll get a toothache if I keep watching, all that sweetness dripping off you two.”
“Riku, tell him I need a formal proposal for a title like fiancé,” Leon said.  “Otherwise, how will I walk around calling myself his fiancé with no proof?  Can you believe him?”
Riku stopped beside Logan, his gaze on the grave where Leon had placed the white carnations.
“Proposals go both ways, my dear prince,” Riku said, going around Logan to the blooming peach tree.  He cut a branch with pink flowers and carried it back to the grave.  “I’d love to see what a proposal from a prince looks like.”
Leon leaned on the tree watching Riku place the peach flowers he held on Gabriella’s grave. 
“I’ll help them plan a grand wedding when it’s time,” Riku said, touching Gabriella’s headstone.  “Meanwhile, you’ll have to listen to them bicker like this.”
Logan chuckled, thinking his mother would have loved Riku’s charm.  His gaze returned to Leon who was watching the ocean below, hugging the peach tree.  He looked happier today, relaxed and carefree.  His favorite Leon was back in full swing.
‘Mom, I know you approve of him.” Logan smiled.  “I’ll take him to watch the stars tonight.’
They headed down to the beach house after, and made lunch.  After lunch, Riku excused himself to unpack his suitcase in the bedroom Logan gave him.
Leon and Logan went down to the beach to enjoy a quiet afternoon.  Leon was standing on the edge of the water when Logan lifted him up and ran deeper into the water.
“Don’t you dare, Logan Mason,” Leon begged, clinging to Logan’s t-shirt.  “Don’t!”
Logan dropped him into the water and chuckled when Leon came up spitting mad, and wiping his face.
“You’re so going in too,” Leon said, and then grabbed Logan’s t-shirt and jerked him down into the water.
Fair play, Logan mused as he pulled Leon into his arms and kissed him.
They made out in the water, swimming deeper allowing themselves to sink into their passion.  There was no one to stop them, so they lost themselves in each other.  When they were tired of the water, Logan led Leon back to the beach.  Taking one of the towels he brought from the house, Logan wrapped it around Leon’s shoulders and used an edge to help Leon wipe water from his eyes.
“What do you think of this place?” Logan asked.  “Do you like it?”
“It’s a treasure,” Leon said, reaching up to wipe water from Logan’s face with his towel.  “It makes me want to hide here forever.”
“Well, when it all becomes too much, we can escape here,” Logan suggested.  “We can watch the stars at night and forget all the pressures that come with our lives.”
“You would do that for me?” Leon asked, pushing back dark hair from Logan’s forehead.
“I would,” Logan said, “For you, for us, for our future together.”
“I’ll protect it,” Leon said, slipping his arms around Logan and holding him tight.  “I’ll also protect us, Logan.”
They spent their night on the beach together, enjoying the star-filled night, wrapped in a blanket and in each other’s arms.
When morning came, so did the boat to head back to the mainland.
Leon hugged Riku hard, and promised to call him daily, while Logan left Riku his satellite phone for added communication.  Leon hoped Riku would make a decision that made him happy.
As happy as I am with Logan, he thought, when Logan took his hand and held it tight when they got on the boat.
***
Dax met their boat at the docks.  He insisted on Leon changing into a suit the moment they docked.
“Where to?” Leon asked, as he buttoned his shirt, his gaze on Logan who was also changing into a suit brought by Dax.
“Leon is headed to the police station first,” Dax said, reading his list.  “Logan is headed to meet the Queen officially.  You can thank your visit to the market for that.”
Leon grinned and tucked in his shirt.  He held out his arms for Dax to fit his cufflinks.
“How is the press taking us?” Leon asked, adjusting his sleeves when Dax finished with his cufflinks.
“It’s a work in progress,” Dax said honestly, helping Leon wear his suit jacket.
Logan shrugged into his navy blue suit jacket and buttoned it.  Leon stared at him.  He wondered what Dax would do if he turned the boat back to Logan’s island.  He felt like he needed a month locked away with Logan, just them alone.
Then he remembered that Riku was there and sighed.
“Prince Leon,” Dax’s raised voice broke through his thoughts. 
Leon met amused blue eyes and he blushed dragging his gaze back to Dax.
“What, Dax?”
“I asked if you are you up to facing the prosecutor.  There are procedures that need your presence, we can’t avoid them,” Dax said, with a frown.
“Why can’t Logan go with me?”
“Because you’ll have several lawyers with you, and Logan is not in the family yet,” Dax answered, glancing at his phone.  “We’re on a schedule.  We need to get going.”
Leon buttoned his suit jacket.  He closed the distance between him and Logan.
“Call me,” Leon said, placing his hands on Logan’s shoulders.  He leaned up and kissed Logan’s lips.  “I’ll miss you.”
Logan pulled him into his arms and held him.  
“I’ll call,” Logan promised.
“Will you go back to your apartment?” Leon asked, wondering when he would get free enough to return to Logan’s apartment.  He was rather fond of the place.
“Your Highness,” Dax interrupted, making Leon wince when Logan tightened his arms around him for a minute, then let go so that they both faced Dax.  “It’s been suggested that Logan move into Castle Arguro.”
“Suggested by whom?” Logan asked.
Leon did not miss Logan’s narrowed gaze.
“Me,” Dax said, his tone mild.  “The suggestion comes from a good place, Logan.  Press vans have been parked outside your apartment since yesterday.  We, Olivier and I, do not think it will stop soon.  At least at Castle Arguro there will be no surprises.”
“Are you telling us to move in together?” Leon asked, grinning so hard he could have lit up the sky in place of the sun.
“I said it has been suggested,” Dax said, wiping away Leon’s grin.  “However, the suggestion was vetoed and instead I asked David Corentin for assistance.  Logan, will you mind staying with Master David for a while?”
“That’s—”
Leon started to protest, but Logan wrapped an arm around his shoulders.
“It’s a good plan.  I don’t mind it,” Logan cut him off squeezing Leon.
“But Logan,” Leon said.
“We’re just starting this journey,” Logan murmured into his ear.  “I’m willing to make the necessary adjustments.  So that we to get to the end together.”
Leon closed his eyes, suddenly thinking he didn’t deserve Logan.  Logan brushed his lips on Leon’s left temple.
“I love you,” Logan murmured.
“I love you too.”
***
Leon couldn’t stop thinking about Logan meeting his grandmother alone, even as he sat silent in a room with a team of lawyers facing Capital City’s Prosecutor-General.  The Royal Navy Investigators had compiled evidence against Constantin and Isaak in several detailed omnibuses.  Leon’s presence was just a formality.  He was standing in as a victim of the crimes and as part of the palace’s promise to cooperate with the Ministry of Justice.
With Constantin and Isaak in custody, the prosecutor was now working on bringing the case to trial as quickly as possible.
Leon let his lawyers handle everything, answering questions only when necessary.  When the questions ended, they all got up and Leon held his hand out to the Prosecutor-General.  
“Thank you for your time, Your Highness,” the Prosecutor said, his expression one of business first.
Leon liked his attitude.
“I trust you’ll handle this matter with all the attention its due,” Leon said.
“We shall, Your Highness.”
Leon nodded, and held on to the Prosecutor’s hand.
“May I ask for one thing?”
He didn’t miss the panic on the lawyer heading his team.
“Nothing big,” Leon assured them all.  “I would like to meet Prince Isaak for a few minutes.  I hope this does not inconvenience you.”
Leon let go of the prosecutor’s hand when his lawyer stepped up to negotiate on the duration of time he would be allowed to talk to Isaak.  When they left the little conference room, it was to head to the detention center where Isaak was being held until trial.
Leon reached into his pocket and found the coin David had given him so long ago.  He clutched it tight when they led him into the sterile visiting room and asked him to sit on a chair at the only table in the middle of the room.  He had never seen the inside of a prison.  He had never thought to reach here, but it seemed his uncle had different plans.
Leon scoffed, as he studied the coin in his hand, bitterness brewing in his heart.
A door opened ahead of him and two police officers led Isaac in to the room.  His uncle was dressed in a green shirt and dark slacks.  He still wore monogrammed black loafers.  He had gotten no time to shave, so his beard was thick, black with dusting of gray.  Leon remembered that his dad’s beard had also started to gray at the end.
Kleopas had once teased his wife that he would grow it out to look like a wise man.
Leon wished he could have gotten to see that.  The bitterness grew deeper at this lost chance.
“Leon.” Isaak greeted him as he was pushed into the seat across Leon and his hands cuffed to the hook on the table.  “You must be here to gloat.”
Leon watched the two police officers move to stand right outside the door, though they did not want to leave.  It was obvious that any conversation he had with his uncle from now on would remain a public concern.
Leon swallowed hard and met his uncle’s gaze.
“Uncle Isaak,” Leon started, and then stopped.
He thought about his grandmother, and her growing sadness, how she stared at him remembering his father.  Her grief should have mattered to Isaak, yet the man had caused it.
“You want to ask why,” Isaak said, studying Leon.  He scoffed and looked around the sterile room before he returned his gaze back to Leon.  “You wouldn’t understand my reasoning if you tried.”
“Make me,” Leon insisted, wanting to know why he had deserved to lose his parents.  “Make me understand, Uncle.”
“You grew up in an open world,” Isaak said, a tinge of envy in his voice.  “Your dad, my brother, was the perfect son: the happier one.  He married the woman he loved and brought up a carefree and independent son.  I hated him for it.”
“He was your brother,” Leon pointed out, wondering why Isaak refused to understand the meaning of that.
Family was sacred.  They were to protect not harm.
“Dad never tried, not once, to take what’s yours.  I grew up knowing to support your family: Constantin, Gia and Aunt Erika.”
“You talk like him too,” Isaak scoffed.  “Father like son, son like father, my mother must be delighted.”
Leon closed his eyes, biting his lip hard to keep from screaming at his uncle.  Silence stretched, until Isaak let out a sigh and broke it.
“The Queen loved Kleo more,” Isaak said.  “She didn’t mean to show it, and tried very hard to compensate for it, but it wasn’t that hard to figure out.  You see, she always had to hide my faults, which were many.  I played harder, hurt others, and took advantage more readily than Kleo.  She had her hands full hiding my misdeeds.  Kleo was the good son, the perfect son.  As time went, I learnt how to hide my misdeeds better.”
“What kind of misdeeds?” Leon asked, opening his eyes to see Isaak lost in his memories.
“Silly ones like driving too fast and crashing my car, messy ones like going too far with a pretty girl at a club, and so on…it was small at first,” Isaak shrugged.  “It pained the Queen, but she tried her best to compensate those who came forward.  When she got tired of it, and threatened not to help, I took over the compensation process and made sure she never heard of it again.”
Leon worried that the number of victims Isaak had wronged was too long to compensate.  He could never have imagined what his grandmother was dealing with.  His Uncle Isaak was the dark mark in the family.
“What about Aunt Dora?” Leon asked, needing to know.
“She was a mistake,” Isaak said, his voice raw with pain.  “I loved her, but she started my downfall.”
“I don’t understand,” Leon said.
Isaak scoffed.
“You wouldn’t,” Isaak studied him.  “I’ve heard you’ve only loved one man and no one else.”
Leon started to protest, but there was no point denying it.
Isaak had watched him too long, knew too much about him for Leon to deny the truth.
“There is no fault in that,” Leon said.
“It’s sweet,” Isaak said, leaning his elbows on the table.  “Like your father with his dear Ana.  They were disgustingly in love, watching them annoyed me.”
“Didn’t you love Aunt Dora the same?”
“I did, at first,” Isaak said, sitting back in his chair with a thoughtful nod.  “It was flitting but I did love her.  Then she got pregnant before we married, before the darned parliament gave permission for us to marry.  I had to move heaven and earth to get grandmother to accept our marriage.  I worked for grandmother’s approval to get permission for us.  Then after we married, Dora gave birth to Constantin too soon after our wedding.  The dates didn’t match and I grew too suspicious so I had a trusted doctor run tests.”
Leon’s gaze widened, suspicion growing.  The bitterness in his belly churned and twisted.
“I’d finally done something your grandmother was proud of,” Isaak continued lost in thought, shaking his head.  “She was so happy to have a grandchild in the palace.  She adored Dora, loved playing with Constantin.  Hell, I loved Constantin.  Yet, the results proved that he was not my son.  It was devastating.”
“How could that be possible?” Leon asked.  “There is no way you could hide something so—”
“Don’t be naïve, Leon.  You can afford anything with money and power,” Isaak cut in, his voice tinged with anger and bitterness.  “My mother was finally proud of me, why would I upset the palace with such news.  Dora was my wife, and she had given birth to a son in the palace.”
Isaak scoffed.
“It was a fucking mess, so I fixed it.  The Queen couldn’t know about it.  So, I got rid of everyone who knew the truth about Constantin, including Dora.”
“You could have just gotten another child with Aunt Dora,” Leon said.
“Why?” Isaak asked, his gaze churning with disgust.  “Who knows who Dora cheated on me with?  She dared lie to me and get me to marry her, give her a title and prestige.  She used me, so I used her.”
Isaak broke off with an ugly laugh.
“What happened to her was reasonable.  I don’t regret it, not one bit.  Besides, I found myself a perfect wife after that.  Erika has been the perfect partner.  Her only fault is that she’s been unable to give me a son.  Gia is pretty and all, but she’s no son.”
“She’s your daughter,” Leon reminded him.  “She’s your child too.”
“Constantin is my child,” Isaak corrected with pride.  “I molded him the same way your father molded you.  Constantin does everything I tell him to, he knows how to get things done.  Gia is Erika’s daughter.  She’s too full of dreams.”
“You’re a sick man. Then, I’ll protect Gia from now on,” Leon said, not sure what he had expected coming here.  “You and Constantin can console each other in prison.”
Leon got up to leave.  He shouldn’t have asked to speak to Isaak.  This conversation was only filling him with disgust.
“Kleo came to me the night before he died,” Isaak said, making Leon stop.  “He was cordial, nice as ever.  He came to reason with me to do the right thing.  He asked me to turn myself in over Dora’s case and save Constantin and Gia from public uproar.  He wanted to give the throne to Constantin, if not Constantin, then Gia.”
“Why didn’t you agree?” Leon asked, turning to face his uncle, the bitterness rising until he was glowing with rage.  “Why the hell didn’t you accept my father’s offer?”
“I hated your father’s arrogance.  He thought he knew everything and it irked me.  I never wanted to see his face looking at me with pity again.  Therefore, I took him out of this world.  I’m sorry your mother was with him.  She was never my target.”
Leon slammed his fists on the table with a frustrated shout meeting Isaak’s amused gaze.  Biting back the bile rising inside him, Leon straightened to his full height and adjusted his suit jacket.
“You made the wrong choice.  You should have taken my father’s deal,” Leon said, gritting out the words.  “I’ll make you pay for what you’ve done.  Wring it out of you until you can’t stand it.  Then, I’ll make sure justice is served for each of your victims, Prince Uncle, for as long as I live.  You’ll never see daylight again.”
Leon turned away his blood raging with anger.  The moment he stepped out into the corridor, he found the nearest wall and leaned on it breathing hard.  All that was clear to him was that his parents had died at the hands of a mad man.
How senseless.
Leon wiped a hand down his face caught between wanting to cry and laugh at the ridiculousness of it all.
“Leon,” Dax’s soft voice cut through the thickest part of the dark cloud, drawing him back to the present.  “It’s over now.”
Leon stared at Dax.
“He feels nothing,” Leon said, his eyes filled tears.  “He feels nothing, yet all I can think is that Mom and Dad died for nothing.  I—”
Dax stepped up and pulled him into his arms.
Leon closed his eyes and leaned on Dax.  He took in a deep breath, then another.  The worst of the rage dissipated and he sighed.
Dax let go of him and he straightened up, taking the handkerchief Dax held out to wipe his face.
“Ask the lawyers to discover what else Isaak has hidden from the crown.  I’m afraid once the trial starts, the skeletons that will crawl out of his closet will frighten the kingdom.  Alert PR to manage it all,” Leon said, thinking of Isaak’s little confession.  “Don’t hide anything you discover.  It’s the only way to keep it clean.”
“Understood,” Dax said, smiling wide.
“What?”
“You are born for this,” Dax said, glowing with pride.
“What’s next?” Leon asked.
“Now, we head to the palace,” Dax said.  “You’re to hold a press conference together with the Queen.”
Leon nodded and pushed of the wall.  
“Let’s do this,” Leon said to Dax.
He had people to take care of, starting with his grandmother.  She must have suffered raising a son like Isaak all alone.
Not anymore, he decided.  She had him now.
***
It felt surreal to have Queen Amethea’s right hand resting on the crook of his left arm as they walked down winding stairs at the Capital Palace.  She was dressed in a neat blue skirt suit, her gray hair held back in a neat chignon.  She was ready to face her kingdom and show strength even while she faced a terrible blow.  Isaak and Constantin’s trial was in preparation and their crimes were shocking the world.  Her family decimated in one night.
“Don’t be nervous,” Amethea said, she encouraged, surprising him.  “There have been worse blows than this one.”
Logan knew she spoke of Leon’s parents.  He remembered she had not dared speak much in public until six months after Kleopas and Anastasia’s funeral.  At least, she was smiling easier today.  He imagined the announcement she was about to make was making her giddy.  After all, her intention to name a successor had waited five long years.
“Have you seen Leon?” Amethea asked, when they reached the ground floor.
“Not yet,” Logan said, leading her to the formal conference hall Olivier had indicated earlier.  “Olivier said he was talking to officials from the Marshal’s Court.”
“Ah, yes, they would need his time.  Logan, I’m so glad you decided to be here with us.  We’re both going to need your strength in the coming weeks.  Olivier says Isaak and Constantin are to stand trial.  Leon will need to attend the court proceedings.  I know the press will be hell to deal with for him.  It will be good for him to have someone to lean on.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll get through it together,” Logan told her.
“Gia is still in hospital,” Amethea said.  “I visit her as often as I can, but it’s hard on her mother.”
“Can we move her to the palace sanatorium?” Logan asked.  “It will reduce stress on you and Princess Erika.  You won’t have to deal with press to visit her.”
“Why didn’t I think of that?” Amethea squeezed his arm.  “Let’s talk to Olivier, and see if he can make it happen.  He will definitely find a way.”
They found Olivier first, and got him started on moving Princess Gia to the medical center attached to the palace.  Olivier promised to consult with the doctors taking care of Princess Gia before the move and after.
By the time they finished with that, Leon arrived at the palace looking dashing in his navy suit.  Dax had added a pin with the royal insignia on his lapel.  He looked every bit the prince he was.
“Granny,” Leon said, when he reached them.  He kissed her cheeks and turned to Logan.
Logan expected a subtle smile and a touch, maybe.
Leon surprised him when he leaned up and kissed him full on the lips.  Logan took Leon’s hand, and held on, fighting a blush when they caught the attention of the palace staff and all attending the press conference.  Leon’s kiss was natural, a profound statement.  Logan felt claimed.  It tickled him.
“How was it meeting the prosecutor?” Amethea asked, looking at Leon.  “Was it exhausting?”
Leon shrugged. Logan saw how tense he was and knew something more had happened at Capital City Hall.
“The lawyers went on for hours.  The press was unrelenting when I got out.”  Leon rubbed his left temple.  “I don’t know how we’ll keep attending court for this.  I wish there was a way to expedite the whole thing.”
“Can’t,” Logan said, with regret.  “Isaak and Constantin deserve due process.”
“So, the prosecutor says,” Leon said, leaning on Logan slightly.
“We’ll make it,” Amethea said, squeezing Leon’s arm, and then patting Logan’s shoulder.  “Together.”
To be honest, Logan thought, taking in Leon’s smile at his grandmother’s words, this was the first time he truly believed he was getting to keep Leon for good.
Amethea had greeted him with cordial grace when he first entered the palace this morning.  She received him, accompanied by Princess Erika and three palace officials.  They asked him questions about his family, he answered as best as he could.  The introductions went well, and after that, Amethea took him along to have brunch with visitors from a veteran organization she supported.  He had accompanied her through her day until now.
“Olivier tells me the palace has mentioned your relationship on its website,” Amethea said.  “We want to see the public’s response and handle the rest as we go.  Logan, Leon?”
“Yes, Granny,” Leon said, holding Logan’s hand, as she gave them an expectant glance.
“I love weddings.  I hope you let us plan one soon.  It will be such fun after all the dreary happenings in this palace.  It takes some time to plan one for a crown prince, so confirm your engagement for me, please,” Amethea teased.
Leon laughed and Logan wrapped his arm around Leon’s waist.
“Before that though,” Amethea turned somber after a few minutes.  “Dear Leon today is the day I set you apart.  Are you ready?”
Logan felt Leon tense and held him tighter, holding him steady.  Leon took in a deep breath, his shoulders relaxing.
“I’m ready,” Leon said, giving Logan a thankful glance.
Amethea nodded to Olivier and Dax who were hovering on the outskirts.
“Alright, looks like it’s time.”
***
Petr turned up the volume on the television, the sound pulling David, Anselm and Paul into the huge sunroom.  The local networks were focusing on the palace press conference about to start.  Petr placed the remote on the coffee table and returned to staring at his phone.
It was taking all he had not to call Riku, or write him a message.  A very hard thing when that was what worked for him, for them, when they were apart.  Riku’s decision to keep distance between them was making him go crazy with worry.  It was taking all their friends efforts to keep him from heading straight to Logan’s island.
“Petr,” Anselm cut into his thoughts.
“What?”
“I need your help,” Anselm said, coming to sit next to him on the couch.  “My dad has a shipment stuck in Germany.  We’re wondering if you can help get it to Spain.”
“What are you shipping?” Petr asked, still preoccupied with his phone.
“Machine parts for our animal feed factory,” Anselm said, touching Petr’s left arm to gain his attention.  “The factory is behind on orders.  The parts have been stuck in between warehouses.  Our usual contact seems to be having trouble, so I need help.  Is it possible to get the parts on the move in the next hour?”
Petr sighed and found his contact list.
“Do you have the product details?” Petr asked Anselm.
“Already sent them to your phone,” Anselm said, giving him a quick smile.
“The costs are on you, Leandro.”
“I’ll even throw in that horse you wanted,” Anselm promised.
Petr nodded and dialed his business manager’s number.  He got up and walked to the terrace doors to make the call.
Anselm glanced at David and made a face when Petr stepped out onto the terrace beyond.
“This will cost me five percent more than originally intended,” Anselm complained to David and Paul.
“Five percent is worth it.  It’s better to give him something to do,” David said, perching on a stool, his gaze on the television.  “Riku needs time.”
“Take one for the team,” Paul urged, flopping on the couch beside Anselm.  He rested his head on Anselm’s lap and shifted to look at David.  “Are you inviting Sadie over?”
“Later, when Leon and Logan make it back from the palace,” David said.  “Logan will be staying with us.  Leon and Sadie had a meltdown when I was admitted to hospital.  It will be good for us to patch the relationship up.”
Anselm sighed and sunk fingers into Paul’s wild hair.  Paul leaned into the touch as they watched Queen Amethea walk into a large conference room followed by Leon and Logan.
Leon sat next to the Queen, Logan beside Leon.  There was no one else at the front table save for Dax and Olivier who stood behind them.  The sound of cameras flashing filled the room, and then the royal public relations officer took the podium.  She did a brief introduction to the press, and then invited Queen Amethea to make her statement.
Silence filled the conference room as everyone gave Queen Amethea attention.  When she spoke, it was with assured authority.
“These past few days have seen our Kingdom of Aeras show the world that the law is the same for everyone within our borders.  The Royal Family of Aeras has faced a major setback and just like everyone else, we are doing the best we can to cope and manage with the devastating events of the past few nights.” 
“I want to apologize to you, the people of Aeras, for the gross misconduct of both Isaak and his son, Constantin.  As a grandmother, I would ask Prince Leon for his forgiveness, as he has faced betrayal and unimaginable loss at the hands of two people he calls family.”
“As Queen, it is important to ensure and safeguard the sovereignty of our nation.  The Royal Family of Aeras is one of the symbols of our nation.  We represent the people, share in our great joys, sympathize in our grievances and celebrate our kingdom’s pride.  It is our duty to honor and defend the Kingdom of Aeras and when we fail, there must be consequences.  In that respect, as of this day, Isaak and Constantin are hereby stripped of all titles awarded by the Kingdom of Aeras.  They shall accept responsibility for their actions, as demanded by the laws of the Kingdom of Aeras without exception.  In the same way I must fulfill mine to the Kingdom of Aeras.”
“Five years ago, I made my intentions known to name my successor.  At the time, I could not have foreseen the journey I have since led.  The lessons that I’ve learned about human nature have been unforgettable.  I now assure you all that I have reached my final decision after careful consideration and extensive talks with the Government of Aeras.  I have always viewed my position as Queen of Aeras as a privilege, an extraordinary chance to dedicate life to the service of our kingdom.  I hope to give you a crown prince to serve you with diligence.  With that thought, I charge Leon, my grandson, with this great task of serving the Kingdom of Aeras into the bright future as Crown Prince of Aeras.”
“I, Queen Amethea, now ask you, the people, to give Crown Prince Leon full support as he undertakes the task given to him.  I take this opportunity to thank you for your continued trust in my family, and promise to continue to serve our great Kingdom of Aeras with unconditional dedication.”
Amethea finished her speech and turned to Leon who stood and shook her hand.  She hugged him and then they both turned and faced the cameras.  A red notification in bold type appeared at the bottom of the screen, reading ‘Prince Leon is the Crown Prince of Aeras’.
“It’s official,” David murmured.
“You and Logan will have it the hardest,” Paul said, getting comfortable and tangling Anselm’s fingers in his hair when he moved his head to look at David.  “All sorts of people will want to get close to you now.”
“I’ve taken steps to make sure that doesn’t happen,” David said with a sigh.  “Logan though—”
“He has us,” Anselm said, letting his fingers sift through Paul’s hair.  “When will they make an announcement on their relationship?”
“Do they even need one?” Petr asked, joining them, pointing to the screen where Logan and Leon stood side by side having their pictures taken.
The bold type on the screen had changed to, ‘HRH Prince Leon and his boyfriend, Logan Mason at the palace press conference’.
“I guess not,” Anselm grinned.  “How is my shipment?”
“Working on it,” Petr said.  “I have a guy getting you through red tape.  They’ll have it on the move in an hour and a half.”
“That’s good news,” Anselm said.  “What’s for dinner guys?  Should we have a party to celebrate?”
“I’ll plan it,” Petr said, already on his phone again, eager to sink his mind into mundane tasks.
Watching him, Anselm was sure that love could tame even the wildest of beasts.
***
The party was in full swing at Castle Arguro.  Logan met so many people wanting to know more about him, and his family and his ancestors, that he could barely remember anyone’s name.  He slipped out of the first floor ballroom and escaped outside into the back flower gardens.  Leon had once told him they were his mother’s favorite spot.  Logan could see why, the garden was quiet and muted the sounds of the ongoing party.  Garden lights scattered in the bushes made sure it wasn’t too dark.  In the middle of it, hidden among the colorful bushes was a bench, turned green with time.
Logan paused when he recognized Leon sitting on the bench, staring at the ground, in deep thought.
Logan walked to the bench and sat next to Leon.
“A penny for your thoughts,” he said, his heart skipping when Leon turned to him with a small smile.  “Why are you sitting in the garden alone?”
“I wasn’t alone.  Petr brought me here to talk about Riku,” Leon said, nodding in the direction of the front door.  “He’s gone upstairs to sleep.  I never thought he’d look so broken by the idea of Riku leaving him.  He’s always looked so strong.”
Logan shifted closer to Leon, until Leon could rest against him.
“Is it any different from us?” Logan asked.  “It wasn’t easy for us to get here either, Leon.”
“I remember what being apart felt like and pray they don’t have to endure it.  They’re both my friends,” Leon murmured, rubbing his cheek against Logan’s shirt.  “I want the best for them.”
“They’ll work it out,” Logan soothed, rubbing Leon’s arm.  “What had you so tense when you came to the palace earlier?”
“I asked to meet Uncle Isaak,” Leon said after a while.
“And?”
“Mm…”
Leon shifted, getting more comfortable, so Logan held him tighter curious about what Isaak and Leon had discussed.
“I’ll just say that I’m related to a lunatic who is not remorseful about killing his own brother.”  Leon gave another sigh.  “I threatened to keep him in jail for the rest of his life, and not let him see the light of day.”
“I’d have told him I’d skin him alive,” Logan said.
Leon clutched Logan’s right hand.
“You’re a man after my heart, Logan Mason.”
“I own that already,” Logan boasted a bit.
“And, you always will,” Leon said, with a satisfied smile.
They sat in the garden talking about their day, and Amethea’s announcement.  The party continued inside the castle.  Soon, David and Sadie wandered into the garden and joined them, choosing to sit on the grass.  Sadie stumbled through an awkward apology, which Leon pushed aside and teased her until she was laughing with him.
Just like that, Leon made friends with David’s Sadie.
It took almost two weeks for Riku to return from Logan’s Island.  In that time, Petr stayed with Leon at Castle Arguro, with Logan staying over at David’s house.  Leon’s schedule turned into a time sucking beast, so when Riku said he was ready for pickup on a Friday afternoon, Leon asked Logan to do it.
That day, he came home to find Riku sitting in the front passenger seat of Logan’s pickup truck.  Petr held the door handle trying to get it open while Logan sat in the driver’s seat talking to Riku.
“Petr?” Leon asked, getting out of his car, Dax right beside him.  “What’s going on?”
“Don’t get involved too,” Petr warned.  “Tell your boyfriend to unlock the doors right now.”
“I think I want to ask why you’re trying to force the passenger door open,” Leon said, removing his suit jacket and handing it to Dax.
He folded back the sleeves of his shirt and walked around to Logan’s side.  He smiled when Logan rolled down his window and leaned in to kiss his boyfriend’s cheek.
“Baby, why is there a standoff in the front drive?” Leon asked, leaning on the door, staring at Logan like they hadn’t seen each other early this morning at David’s house.
“You look tired,” Logan said, brushing his thumb under Leon’s eyes.  “Did you have lunch?”
“Not yet,” Leon shook his head, waving hello at Riku who spared him a glance before he returned to glaring at Petr.  “Riku, what’s going on?”
“I told him if he doesn’t stop acting up, I’ll get Logan to drive me back to the docks.  He lost his mind and tried to force me out of the car.”
Leon shook his head, and hit the master lock button on Logan’s side unlocking all the doors.  He grinned when Petr opened Riku’s door and pulled Riku out, practically lifting him out and pressing him against the side of Logan’s car.  Riku struggled for a minute, and then the two of them were kissing.
Logan chuckled and turned to study Leon.
“What do you feel like eating?” Logan asked Leon.  “We can ask Andrew in the kitchen, and eat together.”
“Really?” Leon grinned, opening the driver’s door, excited at the prospect of late lunch with Logan.
“Prince Leon,” Dax said, coming around the back of the pickup truck.  “We still have a meeting—”
Logan jumped out of the car, and took Leon’s right hand, running with him around the castle to the kitchen backdoor.  Leon waved at Dax, and let Logan lead him to lunch.
***
19
Six Months Later
Leon walked through the west side hall at the Capital Palace heading to the auxiliary residence used by Gia and her mother, Erika.  The last six months felt like he had gone through a crash course in leadership.  His royal family had looked to him for guidance on where to go next, especially when Constantin and Isaak’s trial took over the kingdom’s news.
The trial took too long, with the final verdict coming in a week ago.  Constantin and Isaak were now incarcerated at Yongi Maximum Prison serving lifetime sentences for murder.
Meanwhile, the Capital Palace was undergoing massive renovation, spearheaded by his grandmother.  She wanted to entice him into moving in.  Leon smiled at his grandmother’s constant campaign to move him into the seat of power.
In truth, he was aware that Amethea wanted complete change in the Capital Palace, to chase away the bad memories that had left her friend, Grace, and Gia shot.  To support the project, Leon donated money from his mother’s estate to the cause, hoping the revamped palace would bring a smile to Amethea.
Dax hurried ahead and talked to Gia’s secretary who met them at the entrance into the private residence.
“Welcome, Your Royal Highness,” the Secretary said, with a short respectful nod.  “You are expected.  Please follow me.”
She led them to a study room where she knocked on the door and then opened it, stepping aside to let Leon in.
Leon was not surprised to find Gia and Erika waiting for him.  They both gave him formal curtsies and it made him pause.  Gia’s expression was somber but her mother looked shell-shocked, still processing the events of the last six months.
“Please, have a seat,” Leon said, moving to an armchair.
He unbuttoned his suit jacket and sat.  Gia made sure Erika was comfortable on the opposite couch.  She then sat next to her mother so that they both faced him.
“How are you doing?” Leon asked, his question directed to Gia.
“I’m recovered,” Gia said, rubbing her stomach.  “The pain is gone now.  Thank you for making sure I had the best care.”
“It’s the least I could do,” Leon said.
“I—,” Gia started then broke off, folding her hands on her lap.  She looked to Erika and shook her head.
“We haven’t had a chance to talk since the verdict,” Erika said, speaking up for the first time, her voice raw with emotion.  “My husband and Step-son have both wronged the Royal Family and the Kingdom of Aeras.  I wish I could take back the wrongs they have done you, Your Royal Highness, but that is impossible now.  I can only hope you’ll forgive us for not knowing and being complacent.”
Leon had no words to give back.  His anger with Constantin and Isaak still simmered.  His grief never quite dissipated.  Gia and Erika were innocent, but they had lived with Isaak and Constantin.
It would take him some time, he decided.
“I’m here because The Royal Diet has made its final decision,” Leon said, thinking it better to get straight to the point.
“We are ready to listen to the decision,” Gia said, taking her mother’s hand and lacing their fingers together.
Leon sat still watching the two women.  He took no pride in delivering the verdict given by the Royal Diet.  Still…it was his duty now to protect the Kingdom and his family.
“Your Royal Highness,” Dax said, handing him a black folder with the royal seal.
Leon opened it to find the orders created after careful negotiations with The Royal Diet and Parliament.  The duty to execute these orders had fallen to him.
Leon read out the first order.
“Lady Erika Maximillian, the royal title granted through marriage to Isaak Maximillian is formally revoked.  In compensation for your efforts for the Royal House Maximillian, The Crown grants you a modest estate in Fighurt County where you may retire and live without interference.”
Erika closed her eyes and nodded, a tear trailing down her cheek.
Her husband had wronged her, Leon decided, as he closed the folder and took the next one from Dax.
“Princess Gia,” Leon said, looking at his cousin.
She was innocent in this, a victim of a mad man, just like his parents.
Leon focused on the order that had come from his grandmother for Gia.
“Her Majesty will always think of you as her beloved granddaughter.  Her Majesty thanks you for your unfaltering service to the Crown.  Her Majesty now grants you freedom to pursue your dreams outside the Capital Palace and independent of the core Royal Family.  You are as of this day styled Duchess of Fighurt.  Your home shall be Fighurt Estate, where you’ll assist your mother, Lady Erika.”
Gia squeezed her mother’s hand and nodded, smiling at Leon.
“It is my turn to live it up,” Gia said.
Leon winked at her.
“It will be my turn to visit you occasionally.  I hope you’ll see me.”
“Always,” Gia said, letting go of her mother’s hand.  She walked to Leon’s chair and leaned over to press a kiss on his right cheek.  “Thank you for being kind to my mother.  I know you’re the reason why we’ve retained an estate to call our own.”
Leon returned her smile as she stepped back.  She straightened the suit jacket she wore, and then executed the most elegant curtsey he had ever seen.
“We thank you, Your Royal Highness,” Gia said, as she straightened to her full height.
Leon nodded and got up from the armchair.
“I hope you find happiness and adventure in your life, Duchess Fighurt,” Leon said.
Gia nodded and Erika got up, thanking Leon with a short nod, as he left the study.
Outside the residence, Leon stopped and stared at the closed door.
“Do you think it was the right thing to send them out of the palace?” Leon asked.
“It’s the kind thing to do,” Dax said.  “It would be difficult for Gia to keep working with everyone in this palace.  Her father and brother have both committed heinous crimes against the family.  Do you think it will be easy for her to act as a diplomat?  Or hold important talks with government officials without ridicule?”
Leon sighed, and rubbed his temple at the stress of the situation.
“You’re right,” he said and started heading back to the main palace and the Crown Prince office.  “Well, that’s one part completed.  Make sure they have all the documents needed to take ownership of their new home.”
“I have already made the arrangements with Her Grace’s secretary,” Dax said, already using Gia’s new title.
Leon checked his watch and frowned when he saw it was already ten o’clock.  He had four hours before he had to make it to his mother’s vineyard.  The staff at the vineyard was having a party to celebrate a good harvest.
It would be the first full afternoon he would get to spend with Logan in two months and he didn’t want to miss it.
“Do you think we’ll make it to the vineyard in time?” Leon asked.
Usually they stole a few hours together between Logan going through an intensive education course with tutors from the Royal Diet.  The guardians of the Royal Family wanted to make sure Logan could face any diplomatic situation without fault.  Leon’s time was taken up by the trial and dealing with the aftermath of Isaak and Constantin’s betrayal.  It meant smoothing relations with government, foreign government officials and humanitarian organizations.
“We’ll try to make it happen.  You schedule has three consecutive appointments with members of the Royal Diet, and the Diplomatic Corps…”
***
Logan signed the last document to make John Roberts and Tom Rogers co-CEOs of Monarch Securities.  Closing the folder, he pushed it to John and smiled when John let out a shaky breath.
“This is a lot of responsibility,” John said, patting the folder.  “Are you sure you don’t want to stay?  You might be bored just being part of the board.”
“I barely have time to see Leon,” Logan said, sitting back in his chair.  They were in the boardroom at Monarch Securities headquarters.  “I’m so busy getting prepared to be Prince Consort, I feel like it might take years.”
“You always wanted to end up working for Her Majesty,” Tom said, with a playful grin.  “Nothing is higher than Prince Consort.”
Logan nodded, smiling at the thought of helping Leon.  The last six months had put them both to work, trying to reestablish confidence in the royal family.  Leon never missed a trial date, while Logan supported Amethea with her massive social calendar and doing the best to keep up a strong front. 
Some days went well, others were difficult especially when Isaak decided to take the stand and complain about the injustice of his trial.  He had done his best to justify the reasons why he murdered Kleopas and Anastasia.  Logan remembered Leon had not slept that night.
Logan thanked fate again that he was able to hold Leon and be there for him.
“It will quiet down now that the trial is over,” John said, meeting Logan’s gaze.  “Soon, the people will be celebrating a royal wedding.  That’s more interesting and positive than a trial of two mad men.”
Logan chuckled, when John gave him a knowing look.
John must have caught him looking at the box in his pocket.
“I’m not sure it’s time yet,” Logan said, pushing his chair back.  He got up and buttoned his suit jacket.
“It’s past time, Boss,” Tom teased.  “You’ve been pining for him too long.”
Logan grinned and looked up when a knock came on the door.
“Sir,” his royal secretary said, smiling at him as she opened the door.  “Your next appointment is waiting.  We still have to stop by the flower shop, as you requested.”
“Hi, Kresley,” John said, waving at the young woman tasked to keep Logan’s life planned.  “Why don’t you come work for Monarch Securities?  We’ll pay you more.”
“You can’t afford me,” Kresley said, with a wink, then opened the door wider for Logan.
“Ouch,” Tom said, while John pressed his right hand to his chest in mock shock.  “Kresley, you’re so tough, just like Dax.”
Kresley nodded in approval and Logan sighed as he waved at his friends.
“Gotta go,” Logan said.  “Tell Shirley to call me.  I heard she wants to join Leon’s security detail.”
“Yeah, keeping to family tradition,” John said, following Logan as they walked out of the boardroom.  “In time, she’ll be part of the King’s Royal Guard.”
“Give her the support she needs to get through the vetting,” Logan said.
“Yes, Sir,” John and Tom said, giving him a salute as he entered the elevator.
I’ll miss working with them, Logan mused, as the elevator doors closed.  Monarch Securities was now under their care, and he knew that he had made the right decision.
“His Royal Highness is still at the Capital Palace,” Kresley said, interrupting his thoughts.  “Your next appointment is with Lord Corentin. He will give you guidance on entrepreneurship.  You get one hour with him, and then we can head to the flower shop.  May I ask what flowers you want?”
“White carnations,” Logan said.  “We’re taking them to Thelem Abbey.”
“Understood,” Kresley said, already making the arrangements on her pad.
Logan smiled at the thought that he was now taking French and Japanese classes.  Special classes like entrepreneurship and the art of negotiation, tailored to help him promote trade with the Kingdom of Aeras.  All these classes were prepared by Queen Amethea to help him prepare for his future role as Prince Consort.  He smiled at the fact that Leon’s Granny was making all effort to get her grandson married.
An hour and a half later, Logan placed two large bouquets of white carnations on Prince Kleopas and Princess Anastasia’s graves.  He took a step back and said a prayer for them.  He had wanted to come into the Thelem Abbey cemetery without Leon.
In the corner of his eye, he could see the security detail Leon had insisted for him, two men who followed him with dedication.  Kresley stood with them. 
Reaching into his pocket, Logan got the box he had been carrying for the last three weeks.  Snapping it open, he stared at the ring he had gotten with Riku’s help from a discrete jeweler. 
Discrete was his newest prized commodity.  There were too many eyes interested in what he did and with whom. If it weren’t for David, he might have given in with frustration at the pressures of constant press.
David helped him cope, teaching how to rely on Kresley for press communications and when to ignore gossip.  It was also David who encouraged him to give his all to the classes designed by Queen Amethea. David had even convinced his father to meet with Logan often.  Lord Corentin was an infinite source of information and ideas.
Petr helped with reworking Monarch Security’s leadership model, refining the company until Logan was known as an equity shareholder, with John and Tom as co-C.E.Os. 
Logan’s time would now be spent studying and helping Queen Amethea with official social duties and assisting Leon with the vineyard and farms owned under Castle Arguro.  It was a different future than he imagined, but it was a future with Leon.  He wanted nothing more.
Reaching into the box, Logan got the ring and studied the gold ring with rubies engraved all around it.
“Do you think he’ll like it?” he asked Leon’s parents, wondering what they would have said.
Logan had read all he could about them and watched the videos Leon saved.  Each video he watched made him sad that he had not met Leon’s parents as a son in-law too.  He would have loved to ask them for permission to marry their son.
“I think he’ll like it,” he answered for them with a small smile.  He returned the ring into the box and put it away.  “I’m going to ask Leon to marry me.  I promise to walk along with him on this journey, being with him, supporting him, loving him, as he’s done for me.”
Logan remembered the first and last time he met Prince Kleopas and Princess Anastasia.
They looked to him to take care of their son, keep him safe.  Who would have thought that they would end up here like this?
Logan stepped forward and touched Kleopas’ gravestone.
“Thank you for Leon.  I’ll take care of him.”
Logan made sure the flowers he brought were arranged neatly, and was finishing with his task when his secretary came over.
“Sir.”
“Kresley.”
“His Royal Highness has finished his meetings at the Capital Palace and is headed to the vineyard.  You asked me to let you know.”
“Thank you, we should head there too.”  Logan headed out of the cemetery with Kresley following close.  “I’ve asked you to call me Logan numerous times, Kresley.  Why don’t you?”
“Because I don’t want to break the rules,” Kresley said, keeping up with him.
“I won’t let anyone know if you do,” Logan teased her. 
“It can’t be helped,” Kresley said, with a shy smile.  “I’m the type to get used to breaking the rules and going all the way.”
Logan laughed thinking of Dax who also stuck to the rules because he was afraid of getting too close and breaking them.  However, Logan had caught Dax breaking his own rules more than once, especially when he wanted to scold Leon.  He hoped to get there with Kresley.
“I hope we work together for a long time, Kresley,” Logan said as he slid into the backseat of his car.
Kresley closed the door for him and slid into the front passenger seat.  When they were on the way to Leon’s vineyard, she shifted in her seat to ask.
“Is there anything special you would like prepared today?”
“Like what?” Logan asked.
“I don’t know, maybe fireworks or roses?” Kresley asked, with a quick grin.  “I noticed the ring box.  You keep looking at it.”
Logan got it from his pocket and stared at the black box for a second before he put it away, nerves racing up his spine.
“I just need him,” Logan said.
***
Leon washed his legs in clean water, and was busy rinsing when he looked up and saw Dax hurrying to his side.
They were at his family vineyard and the vineyard’s staff had prepared a celebration of good harvest.  Most of them had brought their families along.  There was food and wine, and the most exciting part was the kickoff of the Grape Stomping Fair.  The vineyard’s staff had prepared buckets of grapes to celebrate old tradition.
Of course, they would not use these stomped grapes for wine.  The vineyard had long been equipped with state-of-the-art winemaking machinery.  Instead, the feet-crushed grapes would be used for composting.
Leon was to start the stomping-the-grapes activity, which was why he was rinsing his feet.
“Prince Leon,” Dax said, almost breathless as he reached Leon.
Leon removed his feet from the water and placed them on a clean towel.
“Why are you in a rush?” Leon asked, looking up to find Dax holding a tablet.
“The interview from a few days ago is running again.  I thought you might want to watch it, as you didn’t see how it turned out.”
Leon took the tablet even though he already knew what he had said.  He watched it because Dax had ran to make sure he saw it.
Leon hit play on the screen, looking at the popular talk show host on the ANN network.  Her name was Eliza, and she’d been excited to interview him at the palace.  Her gaze had seemed too eager, ready to ask him hard questions about politics and the Kingdom’s economy.   He answered her with full knowledge, having studied the most important facts.  The part that worried him most was her last question and how her network might have packaged it.
“There has been a lot of scrutiny on your life since Her Majesty, Queen Amethea, named you Crown Prince.  The people have a lot of interest in your ideas for the kingdom, but also about your personal life, and your partner, Lieutenant Commander Mason.”
Leon noted he had smiled when she said Logan’s name.  He wanted to sigh at the relentless interest in Logan.  The press had gone to town on them.  The most interesting fact was that the people did not disapprove of Leon loving a man.  However, they were very concerned that he was an ordinary soldier with no noble family backing him.  The naysayers weren’t sure Logan could do the job of Prince Consort.  His Logan had gained fans and anti-fans overnight.  The balance changed depending on the weather.
Leon couldn’t wait until they were considered an old couple, instead of shiny and new.
“There has been a lot said,” Eliza continued, her tone neutral as she referred to the millions of social media posts, blogs, videos, and God knows what else that had been generated.  “Will Your Royal Highness tell us your thoughts on this matter?”
Leon was proud that he had remained stoic in the interview.  He had a lot to say on the matter, mostly that he didn’t give a damn what anyone thought.  All he knew was that he loved Logan and they could all just deal with it.  None of that showed though and he was thankful for that.
Leon remembered squeezing the coin gave David gave him years ago as he fought to stay neutral.  He answered with calm coolness.
“My thoughts are simple,” Leon said to Eliza.  “I believe it’s important to be happy.  Choosing your life partner is not about background or pedigree.  It is about two people who choose to live together.  Walking the journey of life together.  If they’re not happy and comfortable with each other, it becomes impossible.  Logan is my choice.  I’m confident I’ll do a good job with him beside me.”
Leon stopped the video after that, not needing to hear the rest.  He was glad they kept every bit of that statement in the interview.  Handing the tablet to Dax, he wiped his legs and wore the clean sandals the vineyard’s main vintner had prepared for him.
“Where is Logan?” Leon asked, having given his phone to Dax for safekeeping.
“On his way,” Dax said.  “Are you up for this?”
“I love stomping on grapes,” Leon grinned, as the main vintner walked up to him.
The vintner greeted him all smiles and they headed to the buckets of grapes lining a white wooden fence.  In minutes, he was inside a wooden bucket stomping on red grapes, while his audience clapped and the MC of the occasion encouraged him.  Shouts of encouragement came from the vineyard’s staff, full of teasing and camaraderie.  Leon filled a jug of grape juice and gained a round of applause.  It was great fun, enough to put him in the best of moods.  When his bucket was all but full of squished grapes, he looked up and grinned when he saw Logan standing a few feet away.
“Thirsty?” Leon asked.  “I’ve made serious grape juice.”
“I see that,” Logan grinned.  “You’ve worked hard.”
Leon moved to get out of his wooden bucket and Logan stepped forward, taking his hand and wrapping a strong arm around his waist.  Leon loved the little lift Logan gave him from the sturdy stand to the grass-covered ground.  Dax brought him a hose with running water to wash his feet.
Leon held on to Logan’s left arm, washing grape juice off his feet.  When he was clean, he wore gray comfortable flat shoes.  He accepted the glass of wine from the vintner, and toasted the festivities after Logan got his glass, opening the afternoon of fun.
More people started to crush grapes in the various wooden buckets lined in the open field.  Leon held on to Logan’s hand and they slipped away from the party, taking a path between lines of grape vines.
“I loved running through these paths when I was a kid.  I’d get as dirty as I could,” Leon chuckled at the memory.  “Dad called me an unruly urchin.”
“I can imagine it,” Logan said, taking in the neatly tended vines.  “We had similar childhoods, you and I, except I ran around on the beach at the island to my heart’s content, or the streets in our old neighborhood.  I think this would be a good place for kids to play.”
Leon squeezed Logan’s hand, smiling at the idea of a little boy with Logan’s smile racing down the path they walked.
“Our kids?” Leon asked.
Logan stopped in the middle of the path to look at him.
“Yes,” Logan said.  “I would love nothing more than to start a family with you, Leon.”
Leon reached up, caressing Logan’s jaw.
“Then, move in to Castle Arguro with me, and let’s worry about what everyone says about it after.  I hate that we have to live apart.  Don’t you?”
Logan kissed Leon’s pouting lips.
“There’s only one sure way to make that happen, my love,” Logan said.
Logan reached into his pocket and got a black ring box.  Taking a step away from Leon, he looked down both sides of the path they walked, making sure they were alone.  Logan then dropped to his right knee and opened the box to reveal a gold ring with red stones, resting on burgundy silk.
“Will you marry me, Leon Nicholas Raphael Maximillian?”
Tears filled Leon’s eyes and he threw himself into Logan’s arms, kneeling on the ground, he wrapped tight arms around Logan and held on.
Logan chuckled.
“Is this a yes?” Logan asked, his arms going around Leon too.
Leon nodded, unable to make words.  He was so happy he could barely think, awed by Logan choosing him. He closed his eyes feeling tears track down his cheeks.
Taking in a deep breath, he pressed a kiss on Logan’s shoulder.
“Yes, forever, yes.  Will you come home with me now?” Leon asked.  “We’re getting married after all; you should stay at Castle Arguro with me.”
“Yes, from now on, I’ll always stay wherever you are, Leon,” Logan promised.
Leon sighed in relief as his heart filled with the assuring warmth of having someone to call home.  He let go of Logan.  Leon smiled at Logan as he removed his family ring from his right ring finger.  The same ring his father had worn before him.  He took Logan’s left hand and brought it up to brush a kiss on Logan’s knuckles.  He slipped the Maximillian ring on Logan’s small finger, claiming him for his own.
Logan got the gold ring from his box and took Leon’s left hand.  He slipped the exquisite ring on Leon’s ring finger, and then pulled him into a kiss to seal their future.
***
On a Sunday, a week after their engagement, Amethea arrived at Castle Arguro.  She was hoping for a day spent visiting with Leon and Logan, and maybe getting in a ride.
“Granny, I have a gift for you,” Leon said, smiling at Amethea as they walked hand in hand to the back of the castle.  “I know we have both had a hard time this year.  Now that we’re seeing a bit of sunshine, I thought it would be the right time to give my gift.”
“Leon, you know what gift I want from you,” Amethea said, looking around the open space of the castle, looking for Logan.
“Logan is upstairs,” Leon said, his cheeks filling with color.  “He’ll be down shortly.”
Amethea grinned at the sight of Leon blushing.  Logan was good for him.  He looked happier, and his smiles came easier now.  She loved what Logan did for Leon.  Their love was strong and pure.  It made her feel they would manage amazing things together.
“Granny?” Leon called, a frown on his face indicating this was not the first time he had tried to get her attention.
“Yes, Leon,” Amethea said, clutching Leon’s left elbow.  
“I was saying if you want to ride, the stable is open to you at any time,” Leon said, pointing in the direction of the horses.  “Before that, let’s go to the garage.”
“You’re so energetic when you’re here,” Amethea teased, breathing in the fresh clean air found at Castle Arguro.
Leon had done well maintaining his father’s beloved home.  The gardens Anastasia loved were vibrant with color.  Amethea found herself wishing she lived here, instead of at the Capital Palace.
As they neared the garage, Leon said, “When I was ten, you would visit us here at Castle Arguro, driving yourself, to the shock of all your security team.  You’d haul out a picnic basket out of your car, filled with sandwiches, cheese and grape juice.”
Amethea burst out laughing at the old memory.  She had loved how much that picnic basket excited Leon.  Such a simple thing and he would dance in excitement at the sight of it.  The memory made her miss those days.
“You always made me help you carry the picnic basket around the castle to the stables,” Leon continued, bringing her to a stop outside the garage doors.  
“I was helping build your muscles,” Amethea said in answer, making Leon laugh.
“You’d take me on a horse ride in the middle of the forest, and we would picnic in this magical clearing.  It felt like an adventure because you let me run around, playing with make shift swords.  You dubbed me Sir Forest Knight.”
“You made a very handsome Sir Forest Knight,” Amethea said, smiling as the memory filled her.  Leon had always managed to make her happy.  “You’re still Sir Forest Knight.”
“Well, I discovered this gift on a trip to one of the farms,” Leon said, hitting a button on the side of the garage door.
The garage doors slid opened and Amethea gasped at the sight of the restored bright yellow 1970 Volkswagen Beetle.
“It’s not the same car you drove then,” Leon said, hurrying to the service desk where one of the garage managers stood.  He got the keys and returned to open the door.  “But it is similar to that old Beetle you drove.  So, I’m giving you this one for your next picnic adventure.”
Amethea laughed, her heart filling with joy at the thoughtful gift.  She approached Leon, took the keys he offered, and then pulled him into a hug.  It filled her with hope to have Leon.  He healed her and made up for the mess that her family had become.
“Did I miss it?” Logan asked, hurrying into the garage, his hair damp from a recent shower.  He vibrated with excitement, dressed down in a gray t-shirt and jean, his feet in sandals.  It was the most informal Amethea had ever seen Logan Mason.  It was the first glimpse she had had of Leon’s private life in ages.
“No, you didn’t miss it.  Look at this gift,” Amethea said, letting go of Leon so that she could accept a kiss from Logan.  “Why didn’t you give me a hint?  Did you know he was doing this?”
“No,” Logan said, winking at Leon.
They smiled at each other, communicating in the way lovers do, and Amethea shook her head at how they backed each other.
Amethea got into the driver’s seat and put the key into the ignition.  She glanced at Leon, and then turned the key and the engine purred to life.  She couldn’t help her wide grin.  The Beetle she owned got too old and it was now in a museum near the palace.
It was sweet of Leon to remember her love affair with her Volkswagen Beetle.  She had loved the freedom it gave her those days.  Loved driving it through town, zipping up Sheep Hill Road on a Sunday eager to see Leon and his parents.  Now, she might speed up Sheep Hill Road to see him and his Logan, though she hoped they would move in with her at the palace.
“It’s perfect,” Amethea said, patting the steering wheel.  “Let’s go for a ride.  Leon get in the back, you’re skinnier than Logan.”
Logan started to protest, no doubt calculating the security risks involved.  Leon stopped his protests by taking his hand and dragging him around to the passenger side.  Leon opened the door, got in the back and urged Logan into the car.
Amethea revved the engine and closed her door when Logan was settled in the passenger seat.  She took off out of the garage and Leon gave a happy shout.  Not wanting too much of a fuss for her security, Amethea drove around the many roads around the castle, only stopping when she found one that led them to a wide clearing near the Arguro Forest.
“I’d forgotten how beautiful Castle Arguro is,” Amethea said, parking the car.  She got out and turned around, giving an appreciative sigh at the sight of the Castle in the distance.  It was beautiful.  “No wonder Kleopas and Anastasia loved it here.”
Leon and Logan joined her, standing on each side of her.
They stood in silence for a moment, and then Leon cleared his throat and brought his left hand up.
“Granny, Logan asked me to marry him,” Leon said.
Amethea grabbed on to Leon’s left hand to stare at the gorgeous engagement ring on Leon’s ring finger.  The rubies looked beautiful on the gold surface in the afternoon sunlight.  It was a handsome ring for a handsome prince.  The promise she had waited for this year, and hoped for with every thought.
Elated, Amethea turned to Logan who showed her the Maximillian family ring on his left hand.  He would need one forged for his ring finger she thought.  She would commission one the moment she got back to the palace.  Heart soaring she turned to Leon.
“Permission granted,” she said, filled with happiness.
“We’ll move into the palace after the wedding,” Logan said, making her dreams come true.
“Oh,” Amethea said, clutching both their hands tight.  “Really?”
“In time,” Leon said, his tone quiet, his gaze on the castle.  “Maybe you can become Castle Arguro’s Mistress.”
“You’ll agree to be King?” Amethea asked, eager to crown Leon in the morning.
She was tired and knew that it was time for a younger vision to take root at the Capital Palace.
“Give us five years with you in the palace,” Leon negotiated.
“Only if I get grand children in two years,” Amethea said.
“Make it three years and we agree to have two children,” Logan countered.
“Why three?” Amethea asked.
“I want it to be just us two for a while,” Logan said, smiling at Leon. “I’ve not had that long with him.  I’m already sharing him with a Kingdom.  I need at least three years before we add in someone else.”
Amethea chuckled remembering she had the same thought with her own husband once.
“Alright, three years from now, I get grandchildren.  Two years later, you let me abdicate and make Leon the monarch. Logan, you take your place beside a King.”
“Deal,” Leon said, with a quick nod.
“Deal,” Logan said.
Amethea gave an excited shout that startled birds into the sky, and had Leon laughing.  It was the best afternoon she could remember in a very long while.
***
On a sunny July morning half a year later, the bells at Thelem Abbey jingled in celebration, on this most joyous day.  Leon was dressed in his white suit, tailored to perfection and decorated in golds and reds to match his royal status.  Logan dressed in a tailored tuxedo looked more handsome than ever today.  Leon slipped his hand into the crook of Logan’s left elbow, and breathed out nerves.
The aisle to the altar was long and majestic.  Rows and rows of guests filled each side, his family, Logan’s Royal Navy family, their friends and officials of government.  His grandmother sat at the front, where Riku, David, Petr, Paul and Anselm stood waiting with her.  Beside them were Gia and her mother.
“Are you ready?” Logan asked him, sounding strong and sure.
“I’m ready,” Leon said, finding confidence in Logan’s strength.
Logan started the long walk down the aisle, and Leon joined him, his heart beat matching their steps.  He paid no attention to the watching gazes on either side of them, nor did it matter that the occasion was broadcasted on every available platform across nations.
All that mattered was that Logan was walking down this aisle with him, they were starting a lifetime adventure together, and it was exhilarating.  He sailed through the procedures of marriage in a daze, his gaze on Logan, and only him.
All that registered was when they were declared officially married, and Logan kissing him like that they didn’t have an audience.  Music filled the great halls of Thelem Abbey, and the next minute, they stood outside the church doors facing a line of Royal Navy officers holding swords.  Their friends stood on the sidelines clapping with joy, and then Riku sent silver and gold pieces of paper sailing over their heads.
Leon held Logan’s hand tight as they passed under the honorary arch of sabers made by the Royal Navy officers.  He would never let go, he thought, meeting a happy blue gaze as they emerged from saber arch.
***
Epilogue
Five Years Later
On a sunny Friday, at noon sharp, a prince and his princess sister finished their messy lunch.  Their nanny, Lady Nancy, and their Dad, Crown Prince Leon, helped with cleanup, wiping small mouths and messy fingers.  Then, when they were presentable, the little prince ran out of the nursery to his father’s shock.
Leon picked up the little princess, smiling when she made pleased noises at the lift.
Lady Nancy ran after the little prince in a bid to get to him before he fell.
“Kleo, don’t run so fast!” Leon called out, trying to slow his son when he got to the hallway.
The two-year-old boy did not slow down, as he raced to the front hall at Castle Arguro at top speed.  He was in blue shorts and a matching t-shirt, his shoe ties coming apart.  Leon feared he would trip over them.  Clutching little Gabriella tight, Leon followed his son and Lady Nancy worried for Kleo.  He sighed in relief when he saw Kleopas’s nanny reach him and stop him.  She knelt down and tied his laces.
Leon caught up just as she finished.
“Thanks, Nancy.  For a second, I thought Logan was back,” Leon said, placing Gabriella down beside her brother.
His one-year-old daughter grabbed her brother’s right hand and held tight.  At the palace, Kleopas seemed to have memorized Logan’s schedule and always raced to the door of their residence right before Logan arrived.
“He raced out of the nursery at speed,” Leon said, smiling at Kleopas.
“Prince Kleo is very fast,” Nancy said, moving aside to allow him to crouch before his son.  “He’s excited to be at Castle Arguro today, that you’re spending the day with him, and that you’re getting visitors.”
“I can see that,” Leon said, brushing a kiss on Kleopas’s cheek.  He was rewarded with a bright smile and a wet kiss on his nose that had his heart spinning in delight.  “Or, he’s excited to see his Uncle Riku.  Which one is it, Kleo?”
Kleo giggled and looked around Leon, his gaze on the front door.  Leon followed suit and grinned when he saw Riku standing at the entrance.
“Uncle Riku’s here!” Riku declared, crouching down, his arms wide open.
Kleopas took off at a run and launched himself into Riku’s arms making Leon laugh.  Leon picked up Gabriella, resting her on his hip as he watched Riku pick up his son.
“You’re early,” Leon said, glancing at the time on the grand clock by the door.  “Where’s Petr?”
“He’s parking the car,” Riku said, coming to greet him with a one-sided hug.
Leon was glad to see Riku.  They hadn’t seen each other in three months, his fault really.  His schedule at the Capital Palace took up his time.  His coronation was in three weeks and it was taking massive effort.
Riku had news too.  He was preparing a big move.  Worried that he had missed an important development in Riku and Petr’s lives, Leon had invited them both for a weekend at Castle Arguro.  He wanted to hear about Riku’s decision to move from Bangkok.
“You look good, Your Royal Highness,” Riku said.  “Where is your other half?”
“Accompanying Granny to an scholarship award event,” Leon said, leading the way to the sunroom where refreshments were already setup.  “He couldn’t avoid it because his team organized it, but he promised to make it back by two this afternoon.”
“Your hubby has taken off,” Riku said, following Leon.  “His popularity is so high.  They call him the People’s Prince.”
Leon smiled with pride.
“It was Logan’s choice to focus on education and sports.  He wanted the chance to create projects to help educate children who really have no means to access it.  We can thank the Marshal’s Court for supporting his choice and really working with him.  In the end they have created very positive synergy.  I love that he is enjoying it so much.”
Riku sat down, hugging Kleopas tight, making Leon smile.  Riku and Kleopas were the best of friends, his eldest son adored Riku so much.  They were endearing to watch.
Kleopas had taken after Leon, from his brown hair to his gray eyes, even his smile.  He was born first, using Leon’s sperm and a donated egg of their choice.  They had then gotten the help of a surrogate.  On the day Kleo was born, Leon remembered falling in utter love the moment he laid his eyes on his crying baby boy.  A year later, they got Gabriella who came from Logan’s sperm and a donated egg. 
Leon buried his nose in Gabriella’s thick dark curls and took in a deep breath.  His daughter was a gorgeous, feminine version of Logan.  He liked to think she looked like Logan’s mother.  Her blue eyes were the most beautiful pair he’d ever seen, and no one could tell him different.  Gabby had taught him that his heart could fill with more love than he had thought capable.  He fell in love with her the moment she was placed in his arms too.
Dropping a kiss on top her head, Leon held her on his lap while they watched Riku and Kleopas whisper secrets to each other.
Leon smiled when Gabriella wriggled off his lap, using the coffee table for balance; she walked to Riku and Kleopas.  It was clear she wanted to discover what secrets the two were telling each other.  She crawled on to Riku’s lap without waiting for invitation so in the end Riku was holding both his children.
Leon could see why his grandmother was advocating for another child.  Children were so sweet at this age.  Still, Leon wanted to give it time.  He wanted to give Kleo and Gabby the attention they deserved, and with a coronation on the horizon, he worried that his time would be scarce.
Picking up his coffee cup, Leon sipped as he watched the trio talk, smiling when Riku hugged both kids.  His smile widened when Kleopas pointed at him and clapped.
“What are you telling my children?” Leon asked, curious.
“I’m enticing them to visit me in Bangkok before I leave.  I’ll take them to the beach and we can swim.”
“Swim!” Kleopas clapped.  “Dada, swim?”
Leon found he could never refuse his son anything he asked using his two word mishmash requests.   It was the earnest eyes, looking to him with pure trust.  He was well aware that he was in trouble because Kleopas was on the verge of whole sentences.
“Dada, swim,” Kleopas continued.  “Swim, Unc Rik.”
“Yes, you can swim with your Uncle Riku,” Leon said, shaking his head at the simple defeat.  Logan was going to have to be the ‘says-no-Daddy’. “Now he’s going to keep asking until we make it to Bangkok to see you, Riku.”
Riku grinned and Kleopas clapped.  Leon hoped Logan was up to a trip to Bangkok in the next week.
“I’ll make all the arrangements, all I need is a date,” Riku said.  “Leon, visit me in Bangkok, before you have to run it through your Prime Minister.”
Leon smiled and reached for his coffee cup, taking a slow slip.  His heart squeezed at the mention of a Prime Minister.
As Crown Prince, he had his grandmother to cushion him from the burden of power, but after the coronation, Amethea wanted to retire.  She wanted to travel and see the world.  She had even met with Anselm and Paul because she wanted to visit their estates.
The burden of authority would now be Leon’s to carry.
Leon met Riku’s gaze.
“How are you doing?” Riku asked.  “I know you worried the Kingdom would be up in arms over your choice for surrogacy and to keep the surrogate’s name private.  Your grandmother settled that issue by advocating new surrogacy policies created by Parliament.  Why do you still look so worried?”
Yes, their choice not to name their surrogate had sparked debate.
Nicola Sande was a gentle soul who agreed to be their surrogate but insisted on keeping her privacy.
Leon fought hard to keep Nicola’s name out of the press.  Amethea’s policies had made it illegal to reveal Lady Nicola’s name to the public, as long as she wished to keep her privacy.  After Gabriella’s birth, Leon helped Nicola find a quiet estate in the highlands where she now lived with her husband and two children.  Amethea granted her family a noble title in appreciation.
Yes, the surrogacy matter was settled.  Now, he had a new, larger problem that would not disappear with a few policies.
“Leon,” Riku prompted.  “What’s wrong?”
Leon’s lips curved in a small smile.  Riku could read him with a single look, or a shift of his body.  Leon’s gaze returned to Kleopas who was playing with a button on Riku’s tailored blue shirt.
“Do you think I’ll make a good king?” Leon asked, drawing Riku’s sharp gaze.
“I think you’ll make a wonderful king,” Riku answered without hesitation.
“I’m worried for Kleopas,” Leon said.  “The Royal Diet has scheduled his Crown Prince Investment ceremony for when he turns five years old.  The start of a grand plan for his life has begun.  I know his life is going to be of interest to the Kingdom.  I worry because I just want to make sure he grows up happy.  The pressures in the palace might change that, and—”
“Gia grew up okay, despite her father,” Riku said, cutting in.  “Leon, you’re not Isaak who is a bad seed. His character created Constantin.  My evidence to that truth is your father.  Prince Kleopas turned out okay and he lived in the Capital Palace before he moved to Castle Arguro.  He got you, and well you’re you, Leon.  You’re different from Constantin.  So, I know Kleo will be fine.  So will Gabby.  Stop worrying.”
Riku’s conviction in his abilities melted the tightness that had lived in Leon’s chest this past month.  His oldest friend always knew what to say.
Placing his coffee cup on the table, Leon sat back and let out a relieved sigh.
“Leon, you also won’t have to do this alone.  You have your grandmother, Logan, and us.  It’s not like you won’t be able to call us,” Riku said, winking at him.  “Anselm, Paul, Petr, David and me.  We’re all here for you.”
Leon nodded.  He had not forgotten.  Through the years, his friends remained solid pillars for him and for Logan.  He was lucky to have them.
“Gabby is sleepy,” Riku said, prompting Leon to get up.
Leon crossed to Riku and picked up his daughter.  Gabriella’s eyes were drooping and her brother was not far behind.
“What’s taking Petr so long?” Riku asked, standing up with Kleo in his arms.  “He wanted to see Kleo and Gabby.”
“You’re here all weekend.  He’ll get to spend time with them,” Leon said, leading the way out of the sunroom.  Gabriella’s head resting on his right shoulder, he rubbed her back in circles as he walked.  “Besides, putting them down for a nap will give us a chance to talk.”
“About?” Riku asked, following Leon through the hallways to the nursery.
“You’re moving, Riku,” Leon said, his voice low because he didn’t want to wake Gabriella.  “You’re leaving Bangkok to go stay with Petr.  You still haven’t told me.  Where will you guys live?”
Riku shrugged, as they entered the nursery.
The nursery was a large bright room, cute mermaids painted on the wall on Gabriella’s side, and blue toy motorcycles on Kleopas’s side.  Lady Nancy helped Riku with Kleopas, while Leon laid Gabriella in her bed.  He spent a few minutes covering her with a soft pink blanket, making sure she was comfortable.  Leon leaned over her and kissed her forehead.
Crossing the room, he kissed Kleopas’s cheek and followed Riku out of the nursery.
Riku took his hand and they wandered to a small sitting room opposite the nursery.
Leon urged Riku to sit in an armchair by the window, chose the stool closest to Riku and waited.
“Remember when we had that scare about you dying,” Riku said, after a long moment of silence.  “I came to find you at Logan’s apartment after you were safe.  I asked you whether I should break up with Petr.”
“I remember,” Leon said.  “I told you to make a choice that will make you happy.”
Riku wiped his hand down his face, and looked out the window.
“Petr always made me happy,” Riku said.  “I’m content around him, have always been.  The last five years have been hard for both of us.  We might have started on the same page when I returned from Logan’s Island, but life got complicated when we returned to our own countries, our respective places.”
“Your Pa?” Leon asked, remembering that Riku’s father remained an ambitious politician to this day.
“He moved back home to Tokyo in January, this year,” Riku said.  “His goal is to reach the highest political office possible, but before that he’s become a cabinet minister.  My mother and sisters wanted to stay in Bangkok.  They had made a life there, you know.  I wanted to keep that freedom too, so I supported them. I decided to stay in Bangkok to look after my mother and sisters instead of joining Pa.  I could not have imagined my mother changing her decision on me.  Pa convinced her to move back to the home country. For the sake of the family’s prosperity, he said.  He wanted me with him in Tokyo, no matter what.  In the end his agenda forced my decision to move in with Petr.”
“What agenda?” Leon asked, upset that Riku had kept all the changes in his life from him.
“Marriage,” Riku said.  “He wanted to arrange a political marriage between me and a powerful businessman’s daughter in Tokyo.  I refused.  Told him I would not change who I was for power.  He accused me of dishonoring the family.”
“Oh, Riku,” Leon reached for Riku’s hand.  “How did your Pa take it?”
“Not well,” Riku said, shaking his head with a small chuckle.  “Pa had the idea that shipping me back to Tokyo by force would change my mind. I still can’t believe I needed a rescue from Petr’s team of mercenaries.  Petr found me and negotiated a truce with Pa.  They made an agreement that included a substantial amount of money.  It broke my heart.”
“All of these after your family moved to Tokyo?” Leon asked, needing to know he had not let the ball fall as Riku’s friend.
Riku squeezed his hand.
“The last three months,” Riku said.  “I didn’t have time to tell you because I couldn’t figure out what was going on myself until it was too late.  I couldn’t believe my father would pay people to kidnap me.  It still feels surreal. Anyway, thanks to Petr, my Pa’s plan didn’t succeed and Bangkok has become a place I need to leave.”
Leon nodded understanding the need to leave bad memories behind.
“So, Petr is your choice,” Leon said, with an approving nod.  “You still haven’t told me where you’ll be staying.”
Riku grinned.
“Your Royal Highness, I’m quite partial to your Kingdom,” Riku said.  “I loved Logan’s Island so much that I thought staying here in Aeras might be what I need. So, with David’s help, we’re hoping to purchase land and build a house for us.  Maybe close to David’s place or by the beach.  Aeras is also convenient for Petr’s business and he likes supporting you.”
Leon gaped. 
“You’re not joking with me, are you?” Leon asked, hoping Riku was not playing with him.
It would be so good to have Riku living in Aeras.  His life would be complete having three of his best friends so close to him.
“We’ve already made the necessary immigration applications,” Riku said, laughing when Leon launched himself into Riku’s arms.  Riku hugged Leon and patted his back.  “After all that happened in Bangkok, I thought that you, David, Anselm, Paul and Petr are the best thing for me.  You are my family now, Leon, my brother.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you,” Leon said, pressing his face into Riku’s shoulder.  “You should have told me what was going on, and I would have come to get you first.”
“You were busy taking care of Kleo and Gabby.  Besides, Petr did it for you,” Riku said, with a small laugh.  “And after our move, I’ll have the chance to see you more often.”
“Kleo and Gabby will love having you too,” Leon said, leaning back to study Riku.  “This is the best gift you have ever given me.”
“You are the best gift I ever got too,” Riku said, giving Leon’s cheek a light pinch.
Leon made a face and sat back on his haunches.
“Any other news I should know about?  You’ve been a well full of surprises.”
Riku started to shake his head, then his eyes widened and he reached for a silver chain around his neck.  He pulled it off to show Leon the white gold diamond ring hanging on the chain.
“I’m getting married,” Riku said, his face alight with happiness.  “Will you be my man-of-honor?”
“Yes! Congratulations!” Leon said, getting up to his feet, jumping in happiness.
Riku laughed watching him and turned to the door when a knock interrupted Leon’s excitement.
“What is making you so happy, my love?” Logan asked, walking in to the small sitting room.
Leon ran to Logan, and wrapped his arms around him.  He kissed Logan hello, still smiling.
“Riku is getting married,” Leon said.  “He and Petr are moving to Aeras to stay.”
“Really,” Logan said, holding Leon, his gaze on Riku.  “Is this true, Riku?”
“Yes,” Riku said, looking beyond Logan to see Petr.
“Yes,” Riku repeated, and Petr’s reaction was to hurry to Riku’s side and pull him into a passionate kiss.
Leon gaped and turned to Logan.
In silent agreement, they left the room and Leon closed the door.
“Seems as though Petr was waiting for an answer,” Leon said, holding on to Logan’s left elbow.
“He was,” Logan said, smiling.  “I found him outside, pacing.  He was worried Riku might decide not to marry him.  Petr is aware that you help Riku figure things out.  He hoped this weekend would help Riku make a decision.  We stayed out there talking until he was ready to come in.”
Leon nodded, as they paused outside the open nursery doors.  Lady Nancy sat in a rocking chair by the windows reading a book.  She waved at Logan when she saw him.
“The kids are sleeping,” Leon said, leaning his head on Logan’s shoulder.  He looked behind them to the small sitting room’s closed door.  “Riku and Petr are having a moment.  Do you want to go for a walk with me?”
“I would love nothing more,” Logan said, kissing the top of Leon’s head.
Logan held his hand when they got outside, walking along a cobbled path at the back of the castle.
“How was your day?” Leon asked, pausing to touch a vibrant rosemary bush.
“The event was a success,” Logan said, taking the rosemary leaves Leon pinched from the bush, he brought them to his nose taking in the scent.  “Amethea loved giving prizes to the scholarship recipients. When the ceremony ended, she insisted we have lunch together.  She’s looking forward to moving to Castle Arguro.”
“I suppose we should enjoy our time here this weekend.  It might be a while before we get a chance to escape the Capital Palace for a long period of time,” Leon said, resuming their walk.
“Are you afraid of ascending the throne?” Logan asked.
“I was, a little,” Leon said, squeezing Logan’s arm.  “Talking to Riku helped.  He thinks I’ll make a wonderful king.”
“You will,” Logan agreed.  “You already are.  If you haven’t noticed, Amethea has been handing over since the day we agreed to move into the Capital Palace.  You deal with most of the heavy weight issues.  She was right today when she said you haven’t noticed.”
Leon looked at Logan in surprise.
“Have I?” Leon asked, stopping.
“The surrogate privacy policies were pushed through by you.  Amethea only gave quiet support by standing by you,” Logan said.  “You’ve been handling the royal office alone, my love.”
“Huh,” Leon said, following Logan when he continued their walk.  “Logan, are you happy?”
“Why would you ask me that?” Logan asked, giving him a quick glance.
Leon shrugged, thinking of Riku and Petr who had stayed apart for over ten years.  Their love story had taken longer, their journey full of pitfalls.
Leon could not remember ever having doubts about Logan.  He had loved him, with his whole heart, even when Logan left him to pursue his career.
“I don’t know, you are about to become Prince Consort.  The royal court will expect much of you, of our children,” Leon said, he dropped his gaze to the ground.  “I just want to make sure you will be okay, Logan.  I want you to be—”
Logan stopped and turned to face Leon.  His blue eyes so dear, Leon could only stare, no matter how long they stayed married, his heart still danced in joy at the sight of this man.
“I love you,” Logan said.  “I love our children and the family we have made together.  I’m happy because I have you.  You being king and I being your consort will never change that.  You’re my home, Leon.”
Leon nodded and leaned up to kiss Logan on his lips.  A contented sigh escaped him when Logan held him tight pressing their bodies together.  They stood that way for a moment, and then continued their walk.
“Riku made me promise to take the kids to Bangkok.  He wants to take them swimming,” Leon said.  “Do you think we’ll manage to steal time between the coronation preparations?”
“We can always steal a weekend,” Logan said.  “Next week, maybe?  I’ll ask Kresley to rearrange my schedule.  It might mean working longer hours through the week.”
“I have a three day conference prepared by the Foreign Affairs Minister.  It ends late Friday afternoon. Dax will have a time getting me out of that.”
“We can always fly out in the evening,” Logan said.  “I’m looking forward to a family vacation…”
***
Three weeks later, a coronation started in the morning.  The Kingdom of Aeras watched as Crown Prince Leon, wearing the Aeras royal mantle, walked the length of the ceremonial hall at the Capital Palace.  The deep red velvet trimmed coat lined rich gold embroidery trailed behind him, every step sure, as he approached the two massive chairs waiting at the elaborate dais at the front of the aisle.  One with the King’s Court of Arms, and the second that of his consort.
Amethea stood to the right of the dais, and Logan stood on the left.
When Leon reached them, he met Logan’s gaze first, and smiled when Logan winked at him.  Then his gaze shifted to Amethea.  There were tears in her eyes.  Leon hoped they were tears of happiness.
On her head was the Aeras Ceremonial Crown, marking her status as the Kingdom’s Queen.
The Prime Minister and the Speaker of the Assembly waited behind Amethea.  As members of the Council of State and representing the people of Aeras, they would be the ones to crown the new king.
Leon stopped at the first step at the dais and his grandmother stepped forward.  He closed his eyes when Amethea placed a reassuring hand on his left shoulder.  She smiled and then moved to stand next to him.
The Prime Minister and Speaker of the Assembly both moved closer, and as the Kingdom looked on, they lifted the ceremonial crown from Amethea’s head, leaving a thin gold crown in her hair.  They then placed the heavy ceremonial crown on Leon’s head.
The weight on his head was no surprise, but it certainly felt like the responsibility of a kingdom placed on his shoulders.
The Speaker of Assembly held a microphone for him and nodded in encouragement, as the Prime Minister handed Leon the Royal Scepter.
Leon spoke the oath of his new office.
“I, Leon, promise and swear that I will govern the Kingdom of Aeras in accordance with its constitution and laws, so help me God, the Almighty and Omniscient.”
With his oath complete, the two officiators stepped aside, opening the path to the King’s Throne.  Leon walked up the steps on shaky feet, doing his best to keep his head straight, and the crown on his head.  Dax helped arrange his mantle after he sat.
His coronation complete, the Prime Minister spoke, “Ladies and Gentlemen, His Majesty, King Leon II Maximillian of Aeras.”
“Long live the King,” their audience responded.  “Long live the Kingdom of Aeras.”
Leon met his grandmother’s gaze and once again, her eyes were misty with emotion.  She looked to the side where Lady Nancy stood with little Kleopas and Gabriella. She smiled wide, where Leon felt the weight of his responsibilities increase.  He needed to make sure Kleo and Gabby grew in a positive environment and were equipped to carry on the crown on his head.
“Your Majesty,” Dax said beside him.  “Your first role as Monarch is to name your consort.”
Leon nodded, placing the scepter on the cushion on his right, as directed by Dax.
Logan moved to take a knee before him and Leon stood, biting back a smile at the serious expression on Logan’s face.  Kresley, Logan’s private secretary, moved closer, holding a cushion with a gold crown resting in the center.
Leon took the crown and held it over Logan’s head.  Never could he have imagined the Royal Guard who came to him when he was graduating at Oxford, would be his lifetime partner.  His lover, best friend and a father to their children.  There was no doubt that Logan would help ease the weight of the responsibilities on his shoulders.
Most of important, Logan’s love and support would always remain a source of strength for him.
“I, Leon, make you, Logan, His Royal Highness, Prince Logan and Duke of Ion, second only to His Majesty.”
Placing the crown on Logan’s head, he held out his left hand to Logan who stood up with a smile.  Leon nodded as Logan stood beside him and faced their applauding audience.
We are one now, Leon thought, Logan and Leon of the Royal House Maximillian guiding the Kingdom of Aeras into the future.  It was perfect.
Fin
***
My Dear Reader,
Thank you so much for reading The Prince & His Royal Guard.
If you loved it, and want more stories, check out my other books listed below.  If you love stories about royal princes, I hope you’ll check out the other two books in the ‘Prince Series’ when they are ready. The Crown Prince Yoshi is under edit and The Reluctant Consort is under development.
I’m grateful to you for reading this book.
Suilan.
Connect with Suilan
Instagram: @suilanwoo
Follow her Blog: Suilan’s Blog
Other Books: Find them Here
The Assassin
A Healing Heart
A Rescued Life
You Make Me…Crazy
Electric Blue & Catnip
Blu Dream
Kiss Me to Spring Time
The Precious Teahouse
Silver Ice
Coming Soon
The Morgan Lore
Crown Prince Yoshi
The Reluctant Consort
***

Following is an excerpt from Crown Prince Yoshi
Crown Prince Yoshi
Chapter One
Yoshi Taimeng sat with his head leaned back, eyes closed.  Two hours stifled in the large coach was exhausting him.  He was bored, three more hours and he was going to get comatose.  He wished he were on his horse, riding hard.
“Your Highness,” a soft voice cut into his thoughts.
He raised his head to look at the younger man seated across him.
Sando Kari, his devoted chamberlain, held out a gold-coated bottle.
“Water, Your Highness, you must stay hydrated.”
Yoshi took the bottle and sipped the water.  With his free hand, he reached out to pull back the yellow silk curtains to look out the window.  They were crossing the vast Imperial Lands headed to the Furian Forest.  Long red grass covered the open fields, the wind teasing the long blades, their color bright in the mid-morning sun.
There was no civilization in sight.  There were no rules or obligations in this place.  His mother’s watching eye was not here.  Yoshi’s lips twitched into a smile.  He dropped the curtain and turned to Sando.  He gave the bottle back and reached for the red silk belt at his waist.
“I want to ride Senbon.”
“Your Highness,” Sando gasped his eyes wide in protest.  “You mustn’t, if the Empress was to discover—”
“My mother is not here.  We’ll keep it between us and the royal guards won’t know.  I have a plan.”
Yoshi pulled off the belt and removed the richly embroidered red silk tunic he wore.
Sando’s eyes were wide with shock.
Yoshi ignored the reaction and pounded on the top of the coach signaling for the convoy to stop.  A royal guard rode up to the window and asked in a quiet tone through the curtain.
“Is Your Highness alright?”
“Send me one of the serfs.”  Yoshi sat back in his seat and grinned at Sando who was ready to fall off his seat.  “Relax, no one will ever know.”
“Please put your clothes back on, Your Highness.”  Sando picked up the red tunic and held it out.  “You don’t want the serf to carry tales.  Please stop undressing, Your Highness.”
There was a soft knock on the coach door, and Sando sighed when Yoshi regally ordered him to open the door.  The large coach allowed for comfortable wide benches on each side.  There was a wide space between the benches.
Sando gave him a suffering glance before he ushered in a young man in beige robes made of linen and a matching wrap on his head.  The serf kept his head bowed low and didn’t speak, as he stood before Yoshi.
“Pay your respects,” Sando ordered him.
The young man gasped, and as impossible as it seemed, he bent his head even lower.
Sando closed the coach door and turned to Yoshi with a raised brow.
Yoshi smiled at Sando before he ordered.
“Strip, Serf.”
“Your Highness,” Sando said in alarm.
It was forbidden for any clothing other than the robes made at the palace to touch the prince’s body.  For him to think of exchanging clothes with a serf—
Sando shuddered.
“What are you doing?” Sando hissed.
The serf did as asked no doubt worried he might lose his head if he disobeyed.
Yoshi was glad for it.  He grabbed his tunic from the bench where Sando had left it and gave it to the serf.
“Wear it and hand me your clothes.”
Sando moved fast and took the beige serf uniform hostage, a horrified expression on his face.  He shook his head when Yoshi glared at him.
“You can’t wear these clothes, Your Highness.  It is forbidden.  Please, don’t do this.  I’ll get Senbon for you.  I can take the Empress’s punishment.”
Yoshi gave a long exasperated sigh and reached for Sando’s royal blue robes.  He smiled into the younger man’s eyes, distracting him.
Sando blushed and his grip on the serf’s clothing slackened.
Yoshi took the serf’s clothing and quickly ducked his head into the tunic.  In minutes, he was dressed as the serf while the serf uncomfortably wore his rich clothing.
Yoshi pulled off the gold clip that held his hair up on his head.  The long black strands fell around his shoulders tumbling down his back.  He ran fingers through his scalp to ease the pressure on his head with a small moan.  Once finished, he turned his back to Sando who braided his hair neatly.  Sando twisted his hair into a knot in the back of his head and then tied the turban the serf had used.
“Sando, ask for Senbon.  Tell the royal guard that I’ve ordered the serf to ride the horse for exercise.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
Sando left the coach and Yoshi turned to the serf.
“What’s your name?” Yoshi asked of the man now sitting in his place, his head held down.
“Ting, Y-Your Highness,” the serf replied in a low hesitant tone.
“Ting,” Yoshi repeated.  “I will take your place for a while.”
Yoshi reached for a small onyx box from a bag on the floor and pulled out a fake gold ring that he handed to the serf.
“Take this, Ting.  The Royal Guards get curious.  It should protect you until I’ve had my ride.  I will be back before you know it.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
The serf took the ring and wore it on his right index finger.  Everyone knew the finger Yoshi wore his royal ring.
As a result, his mother had taken other measures in case she needed to identify him.  It was their secret, only Sando knew the truth of the phoenix on his back.  Sando knocked on the door and Yoshi left the coach without a backward glance at the serf.
“Follow me,” Sando said once Yoshi stepped out of the coach.
Yoshi hid a smile, lowering his head so that none of the royal guards would recognize him.  The brown trousers he wore were long.  He was glad for it, as he realized that he had forgotten to change his fine black boots.  Sando suddenly stopped and nodded to a white stallion.
“This is Senbon, His Highness’s stallion.  Ride him well, be kind to him.” 
Sando was certainly playing his part very well.
Yoshi bowed his head to Sando as was expected of a serf.  He took the horse’s reins.  The stallion shifted and he murmured a few words to keep him calm.  Senbon relaxed and he smiled.  He couldn’t fool the horse, the magnificent animal was well aware of his master.
Yoshi urged the stallion forward the moment he mounted the saddle.  He turned to see Sando order the Head Royal Guard to start the convoy again.  Satisfied that his temporary escape seemed successful, Yoshi crouched low over Senbon and murmured.
“Run, Senbon.”
The great white stallion responded, galloping in swift strides across the open plains of the Imperial Lands.  Senbon’s wide strides ate up the distance, his hooves cutting a path through the long red grass.  He raced toward the lush green Furian forest.  The wind on his face, Yoshi felt free.  His heart thundered in his chest, his body flowed into Senbon’s movements.  He lost himself in the exhilarating ride.  It was hard to get a chance like this at home.  There were so many rules guarding his life at the palace, he never felt free to live.
Senbon swerved to the left, the shift hard and jerky.  A loud whipping sound filled the air and Yoshi ducked lower over the horse just as an object whizzed by his ear.  He gripped Senbon’s reins, forcing him to slow down.
Yoshi looked over his shoulder in time to see Sando riding toward him.
Sando waved his arms at him.
Yoshi frowned.
His chamberlain was going to ruin his plan if he kept that up.  If Sando panicked, the royal guards would too.  He brought the stallion to a stop and frowned as something glinted in the sky.  The stallion shifted again and Yoshi gasped as he realized it was an arrow.
Senbon moved just as the powerful iron-tipped arrow sank into the ground where he had stood.
Yoshi urged Senbon into motion.  They had to get to the edge of the forest.
Senbon could make the distance, but Sando—
Yoshi turned to make sure that Sando was still behind him.  The chestnut Sando was using wasn’t fast enough.  The arrows were too close.
Yoshi turned Senbon around and raced toward his chamberlain.  Sando started yelling his voice inaudible.  When he reached Sando, Yoshi held out his hand to the younger man.
“You’re crazy, Your Highness.  We’re under attack, you must get away.”  Sando was hysterical even as he reached for Yoshi’s hand.
“Let the chestnut go,” Yoshi ordered, he gave Sando a powerful tug that had him tumbling off his horse.
Sando gripped Yoshi’s right shoulder and managed to get on Senbon.
Yoshi then urged the stallion into a hard gallop toward the forest.  The chestnut tried to keep up, but could not keep up.
“Who is it?” Yoshi demanded, when Sando wrapped his arms tight around Yoshi’s waist.
“They are wearing red hoods over their heads all I could see were very dark eyes.  They are in black clothing and very skilled with their swords.  We didn’t see them coming, one minute we traveled at a slow pace, and the next they were upon us.  They went straight for the serf in the coach, Your Highness.  I took off the moment the royal guards started losing the fight.  We have to get you to safety.”
“Did they ask questions?”
Five minutes to the forest line, he glanced over his shoulder and saw two riders coming at them.  They were fast, eating up the distance.  Yoshi urged Senbon into a faster pace, the stallion responded even with Sando’s extra weight.  It wouldn’t last long enough though.
“They did not,” Sando said.
Yoshi fought fear and concentrated on the forest line.  He had no idea what they were going to do once they got there.  All he knew was that they had to get to the forest.
No questions meant assassins.  Assassins with orders not to leave anyone standing, he shuddered.
“We must make it to the forest.”
He felt Sando shift behind him.
“They’re getting closer, Your Highness.  Senbon is getting tired.  You’ll make it alone if you let me get off.”
“We’ll make it,” Yoshi snapped, his eyes focused on the tree line.
These assassins had murdered the serf thinking him the Prince.
An assassination attempt on his life, he frowned.
His mother’s latest paranoia started making sense.  She had sent him away from the palace saying he was safer on the outside with the royal guards.
His mother—
Panic seized him.
“We have to go back to the palace.”
“We need to get away from the riders who are coming toward us first.”  Sando pointed out, as the tree line finally got close enough.  “We will seek help from the Furian Clan before we even think of returning to Lexin City.”
Yoshi looked back to check on the progress of the riders.
Senbon was slowing down.
Yoshi caught a glimpse of dark red fabric flapping not too far behind them.  The riders caught up just as they reached the forest’s edge.  He guided Senbon into a non-existent path in the overgrown bush.
Sando dragged a sword from the sheath tied to his waist and deflected an arrow.
Yoshi guided the stallion through thick bushes, navigating around tall trees.
It had been a long while since he entered the Furian forest.  He was ten years old then.  His mother brought him along on her official visit to the Furian leader, Princess Naria of the Furian. The clan sisters met them at the official entrance into the forest.
This time, he was entering their forest uninvited.
“Your Highness,” Sando gasped behind him.  “We must find a place to hide.  They’re relentless.”
“I’m hoping the clan sisters have sensed our presence,” Yoshi said, looking around the forest.  “The sisters might attack us as well, but at least they always take their trespassers alive.”
“Watch out!”
Sando gripped his arm tight as a figure in deep red skirts appeared riding on a black horse.  She rode toward them her silver sword pointed at Yoshi’s heart.
Senbon swerved hard, and Yoshi gripped his reins as they veered into a steep grassy patch.  Behind him, the sound of arrows launching into the air filled his ears.  He gasped when Senbon jerked to an abrupt stop to keep from falling down a rocky ridge.  His heart pounding, Yoshi turned to find the figure in deep red skirts, face covered with black fabric standing over the two assassin riders her sword dripping with blood.  The arrows were in pieces around the assassin bodies, their horses paced behind her.
Sando handed him the sword he held.  Yoshi gripped the familiar gold handle and focused on the woman.  She looked like she was waiting for him to get ready for her attack.  He blew out a shaky breath and watched as that bloody sword rose.  He loosened his grip on his sword, keeping his body relaxed ready to counter the attack but it never came.
The woman dropped to one knee, the black cloth over her face came off to reveal a beautiful young face with short red hair and lime-colored eyes.  She bowed her head and lay her sword down on the green grass.
“I declare my allegiance to you, Prince Yoshi of Amana, heir to the throne,” she said with a hard tone.
He blinked when he realized he wasn’t going to be fighting.  He turned to look at Sando and shrugged when his chamberlain looked as confused as he was.
“Who are you?” Yoshi asked remaining on Senbon.  The stallion shifted under him and moved away from the edge of the rocky ridge.
“I am Telia of Furian.  The Princess sent me to guard you on your journey.  I’m sorry I’m late.”
“She sent you to guard me?” Yoshi frowned.
Sando jumped off the horse and rubbed his backside.  Yoshi hid his amusement at the little gesture and decided Sando needed more practice riding horses.
“She’s on our side.  We should be happy, Your Highness.  This one is dangerous with her sword,” Sando said pointing to the two dead men.
“Check those two, find out who they are.” Yoshi ordered his gaze on the Furian clan sister still kneeling on the ground.  “Why would your Princess send you to guard me?”
“The House of Meng plots treason against the ruling Empress and her heir.” Telia looked up to meet his gaze.  “I’m to protect you until you are declared Crown Prince.”
“What?” Sando gasped staring at Telia in shock.
Yoshi got off Senbon, his grip on his sword getting tighter at the thought of his mother in the palace.  If they had tried to kill him, they were definitely trying to murder the Empress.  “I must get back to the palace, now.”
“If she’s right, then you’re not safe at the palace.  We must find a place to stay while we gather more information.”  Sando countered.  “They are planned and we’re not.  We need allies.”
“But my mother,” Yoshi said his voice laced with worry he couldn’t hide.  “She’s alone at the palace.”
“The Empress has her guards.  They will protect her.”  Sando turned to Telia.  “Where can we find safety?”
“You find safety.”  Yoshi turned toward Senbon.  “I’m going back to the city to help my mother.”
“Your Highness,” Sando said in frustration.
“You’re of no use to her dead,” Telia called out to him with a challenging tone.  “The only way you can help the Empress is to gain as many allies as you can to help you regain power.”
“Who are you to speak to me like that?”  Yoshi turned to glare at her.  “Your kind only knows how to murder.  You know nothing of a bond between a son and his mother.”
Telia picked up her sword and pointed it at him.  She remained kneeling, obviously still waiting for his acceptance of her allegiance.
“You are dressed as a serf.  I can only imagine you had a double take your place.  I assume they killed the man and took the identification ring he was wearing.  They will take that to the Empress as evidence that you’re dead.  If you return to the palace, Your Highness, you’ll find everyone mourning you.  You’ll be considered an impostor.”
Yoshi glared at her.  She was deliberately trying to annoy him.  This was a delaying tactic.  Maybe she was working with the assassins.  No one would believe that serf was the true prince.  His mother would know him.  One look at that serf and she would know he was alive.  The ring was also fake he didn't see how their claim would work.  He paced to Senbon and grabbed the reins.  He had to return to the palace to keep his mother was safe.
“They will not let her identify you.  A body dressed in the Prince's clothes and also wearing your identification ring, that's all they want.  They will hand her the ring, and declare you dead.  They’ll force the Empress into declaring the heir to the House of Meng as the Crown Prince or her life is forfeit.  No one will object.”  Telia called to him as she dropped her sword and shrugged.  “The way I see it, if you’re returning to the palace, you’re going to need more than that stallion and a chamberlain who can’t fight.”
Sando, who’d been uncovering the assassin’s faces, gasped.  “Your Highness, these are royal guards.  I recognize them.”
He frowned and let go of Senbon’s reins.  He hurried to Sando and stared at the familiar faces of the Imperial royal guard.
“They take care of my uncle’s family.  Both of them belong to Saki Meng’s guard.”
“You can’t go back.”  Sando straightened up shaking his head.  “We need help.  Treason doesn’t even begin to cover this.  The Empire is in danger.”
“This is why I have to go back.”  Yoshi kicked one of the dead assassins and headed for his horse.  “That idiot, Saki, he can’t even tie his belt without help.  What are they thinking?”
“If you leave the Furian Forest, you’ll be dead by midnight,” Telia informed him in a quite tone.  “You must believe me, Your Highness.”
“Prince Yoshi.”  Sando moved away from the assassins and came to stop him from mounting Senbon.  “Please, listen to her.  Let’s wait until we get more information.  Your mother has time.  It will take them at least a week to declare the new heir.  They have to keep the Empress alive that long because she’s the only who can declare a Crown Prince.
Yoshi leaned his head on Senbon and fought the urge to ride him back out to the Imperial Lands headed for the city.  The thought of his mother looking at that fake ring and thinking him dead…it killed him.
“If Saki is the reason why they’re doing this, I’ll abdicate the throne, and demand my mother’s life.”
“I know a safe place.”  Telia called to them.  “There’s a small village close to Fier where we can stay.  It will take us a couple hours to get there.”
“Let’s go with this woman, Telia.” Sando urged him.  “She’s a good fighter, and if we can convince the Princess to send you an army full of fighters like her, rescuing your mother should be easy.”
“What about the convoy and the trip to Fier?” Yoshi rubbed his eyes.  “If I don’t arrive there on time, the rebellion will keep going.”
“Your Highness,” Sando said his tone gentle.  “We left the peace agreement documents in the coach.  I’m very sure they were destroyed in the attack.”
Yoshi lifted his head from Senbon and turned to look at Telia.  “I want an audience with the Princess of your clan.”
“She’s at battle, defending the villages on the north side of the forest.  The rebels have been attacking innocent villagers for four days now.  An audience with her is impossible.  Not with your life in danger, Your Highness.”
“I thought the Imperial Army was sent to help her two days ago?” Yoshi frowned.  He’d been in that meeting.  “She should have relief by now.”
“They hadn’t arrived when I left for this mission yesterday.”  Telia’s forehead creased with worry.
Fear swept through Yoshi as he suddenly realized he didn’t know what was going on.  What would delay the Imperial Army?  They’d had explicit orders to head straight to the North of the Furian forest.
He frowned at Telia.  “Quit that kneeling.  Call me Yoshi from now on.  We’ll go with you to this village.  I need more information on the rebels, and the missing army.  I have a feeling the answers are connected to the assassins.”
Sando breathed in relief and headed for the two horses munching on grass near the assassins.  He got on one and grabbed the reins to the other.  Yoshi got on Senbon and they waited for Telia to mount her horse.
She led the way out of the clearing.
“How did you know who I was?” Yoshi asked as they picked their way through the forest.
“Your horse,” Telia said quietly.  She turned and flashed him her first genuine smile.  “I was there when you visited with your mother eleven years ago.  My mother gave Senbon to you.  Senbon’s mother was my horse.”
****
Coming Soon! Thank you for reading this.
