


The Red Huntress


The Monster community is a buzz with whispers of the most anticipated party of the year. This deliciously exclusive event has tongues wagging even amongst the who's who of the monster community. 
It will once again be held at an undisclosed location on All Hallows Eve. Don't worry all you underprivileged socialites, The Monster Ball isn't just for vampires, witches, and werewolves. Other creatures of the night have as much of a chance to attend. 
Watch for your ticket but not in the mail. The silvery slip of parchment is said to appear in your hand by the light of the moon. If you find yourself a fortunate recipient best to keep it to yourself. There are some who would kill for the chance to attend. 
As every good monster knows... what happens at the ball, stays at the ball.




The Red Huntress, Copyright © 2020 by Stacey Marie Brown


Smashwords Edition, License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, locations, and incidents are products of the authors’ imaginations. Any resemblance to actual persons, things, living or dead, locales, or events is entirely coincidental.

Cover by: Amber Shepard 


Table Of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Also By Stacey
About The Author





Chapter 1
Riley


They call me Red.
Not for the color hair I have, mine’s black as night, nor the cape I wear when I hunt, that came after. 
My name is Red…for the blood trail I leave.
I am a hunter, a rare magical witch gifted to destroy the werewolves that plague our land. A job I have eaten and breathed for the last year, after the brutal death of my parents.
My eyes lifted to the full moon, clouds drifting across the bright full moon suspending high above, drenching the earth like the sky decided to leave on a nightlight. My feet moved slowly up the path, an old dark castle looming in the distance. I looked down at the ticket in my left hand, which stated I had been invited to the most prestigious supernatural ball in the world, one you could only attend if you weren’t human. 
I had grown up with witches and wizards in a tiny village, but they were still human, and most didn’t hold enough fae magic to be granted an invite here. I did now.
Nerves danced along my spine, feeling the excitement in the air. Around me, guests strolled up toward the gate, prattling with animation, their voices shrill and excited, merely adding to my anxiety.
“Maybe this year we’ll actually learn who the host is,” a woman squealed to her friend. 
The mystery of the host, who put on the illustrious event of the year, was in constant speculation. The ambiguity only created more desire to be included on the guest list, hoping to catch a glimpse of the enigmatic host. But my excitement resonated from something entirely different from dancing and drinking or making guesses on which creature was the organizer.
I knew he would be here. His status would almost demand for him to make an appearance. No supernatural alive would turn down an invite to the infamous Monster Ball. I’d heard about it all my life, but this was the first year I got invited, because I was now one of them. A “monster” of the night. Magic coursed through my body, giving me special abilities I never had until they had been passed down to me. Capabilities I would give back in a moment, if it meant I could have stopped what happened that night. See my family again.
My fingers moved down my thigh, gliding over the silky fabric of my gown, finding the opening of the high slit barely a few inches below my waist, barely concealing the dagger holstered around my leg. I heard the rumors. No weapons were allowed at the ball, but our coven’s elder promised this one would get through. The invocation strong enough to hold up against the enchantment guarding the castle.
A sense of calm washed over me feeling the weapon, the magic pumping off it, knowing it would do the job I needed it to do. I normally liked to hunt with my axe or bow, but none of those could be hidden under a dress which hugged my every curve. 
Blood red, the dress plunged into a deep V in front, the bottom reaching the floor; the high slit up my right leg let me move freely. The back of the gown was a cape, pouring down the back, fluttering like water as I sauntered toward the gates of the castle. It fit like it was made for me. Normally I kept my hair tied back, but tonight I let my long black hair flow down in glossy waves. My lips were blood red, and so were my heels.
I was aware how the opposite sex responded to me since I hit puberty. They usually were not very sly about it. With my father’s Romanian heritage, I had his dark hair, olive skin, height, and exotic features. But I had my mother’s lean frame, high cheekbones, and gray eyes. Men were easy to understand. Being “pretty” meant very little to me. I’d rather read or kickbox than think about nail polish. It was simply a tool. Like how Supernatural’s (Sups), used theirs to reel in their victims, I used mine. And tonight I had on my full hunting gear.
In the last year, I had grown emotionally and physically. The girl who had hidden in the closet, silently screaming, was gone. The girl who crawled across the floor crying, seeing her parents in shreds, nails and body caked in their blood, smoke burning her lungs, had died in the cinders, along with her childhood home that night.
Since the moment he disappeared into the darkness almost a year ago, my life had been dedicated to training. Relentlessly. Unyielding. His death was all I dreamed about, and the reason I worked until my body and mind gave out. His golden eyes and daggered teeth dripping scarlet were my impetus to keep going. Revenge was my air. My food. And my salvation.
My mentor did not think a year was enough time for me to equal a supernatural creature of his age and stature. But I could not wait any longer for such a perfect opportunity—a time when he would be unguarded and relaxed. My reputation was already spreading across the country. Red Huntress. It wouldn’t be long until he figured out the Vanator family line had not ended and was now hunting him.
If I missed this chance, there would not be another occasion, and he would come after me, set on purging the earth of one of the greatest threats to his kind. 
My steel-colored eyes looked on the waves of magic humming around the entrance of the crumbling estate, which seemed almost abandoned. This is the famous Monster Ball Castle? 
Taking a breath, I knew once I stepped inside the gate there was no going back. I strode through an archway, the magic feeling like thick fog tickling my skin. My fingers stayed on my blade, sensation the magic pulse against the charm wanting to guard the party from people like me, those who planned to kill. The air wobbled around me until I stepped through the glamour, feeling I entered another world, the dagger still attached to my leg.
I stopped, my mouth dropping at the transformed castle and grounds before me, feeling about as tiny as a mouse. An imposing house now welcomed me. The old dingy building was gone; in its stead was an exquisite, pristine castle, like we stepped back in time to its pinnacle.
Guests bustled around me, eager to get inside. A dense mist rolled over the grass on either side of the clear stone pathway, directing us up a trail to the entrance. My heels clicked along the path, my gaze catching on purple twinkling lights floating around the fog, like hundreds of supernatural fireflies were joining in on the festivities. 
People in groups or pairs dodged around me, laughing and giddy with excitement. I watched a woman thread her arm through a man’s. Leaning into him, she whispered in his ear, both grinning with a shared secret. Loneliness echoed in my gut, thumping in my empty soul. Most of the time I could ignore the solitude, conditioning myself until I passed out. I was used to being by myself. I had no family left and was mostly in the company of an old grouchy elder witch our coven called “Grandma.” She was my mentor and took me under her wing. She may have been old, but that woman could kick my ass and knew more about magic than anyone, probably because she had been alive since the dawn of time.
Now seeing the couples around me, friends and lovers, I desired to have someone by my side. To laugh, smile, love. All the things I felt were ripped from me and would never have again. I desired to be nothing more than a guest eager to dance and join in on the festivities, drink, and have fun. Fun. A word I no longer related to. 
Get it together, Riley. You are here to avenge your family, not to party. 
Following the parade of beautiful gowns and tuxes, I tried not to look any Sup in the eyes. You never knew what creature would find it a challenge. I stepped up onto an expansive veranda where two twin gargoyles flanked the archway of the entrance, a blue light shimmering through the opening. 
“Ticket, miss?” A handsome man stood where the stone gargoyle used to be, looking at me, his hand open. I may have barely gained my supernatural abilities, but I grew up knowing all about the Supernaturals and how they could transform. Human-appearing by day, a monster at night. By the age of seven, I could recite most by their original name, attributes, appearances, and what was their main energy source, which most of the time was humans. 
I was one of those who protected the innocent from these creatures. But tonight, I had to blend in and be one of them. It still seemed odd my kind was included on the guest list, since I hunted monsters. It only added to the mystery of the host. What were his intentions? Did the party end with a huge hunt in the back gardens or something? All the warring species pinned against each other? 
Now that might be interesting.
I handed my ticket to the young gargoyle, moving past him with my head high, telling myself over and over I belonged here, I had been invited, and no one knew I came here to kill.
The blue light directed the guests down the tunnel, but the farther I walked, the darker it became, until shadows wrapped around me, stealing away my sight, my other senses heightening. Like most creatures around me, I found comfort in darkness. It was where I came alive, could feel my abilities flare through my veins. Smell, taste, hearing, and touch became excruciatingly palpable, letting me know in my mind where everyone was as if I could see them with my eyes. 
The thumping of music struck my eardrums, and with each step, it thrummed more vibrant against my sternum, tapping at my nerves like a piano. The music was sultry, a sense of danger behind each lyric, like it was meant for me. Following it like a beacon, light slicing through the darkness, I was suddenly in the entrance of a grand chamber. A ballroom. Dimly lit chandeliers dangled throughout the enormous rectangular room, setting the space in shadowy ambience as tiny pixies glided in the air, sparking the ceiling in colors. A layer of fog coated the floor, giving the illusion the couples on the dance floor were floating. It was magic, and I couldn’t help being completely in awe. 
I did not spend time on frivolous things such as dancing, drinking, or parties. My life had been studying and training. This last year I barely slept or ate, my mind consumed with hate. So wearing a sexy ball gown as music swirled around me along with the dancers in the middle of the room had me fighting the need to grab a glass of champagne and forget everything I came here for. 
Keep on target, Riley. You are here to kill a werewolf and avenge your family.
My gaze scanned the space, taking in every detail of the room. Hundreds and hundreds of Supernaturals mingled throughout the room, men’s and women’s outfits ranged from spectacular costumes to almost nothing. The people sparkled and moved around the ballroom like everything was bewitched. Every corner of the chamber was draped in floor-to-ceiling black silk, disappearing into the shadows. These were there to hide indiscretions just like the round beds floating near the ground and the ceiling, couples already sneaking off to enjoy the magic-spelled bubbles around them. If I used them, only one of us would be left gratified.
Along the left and right walls, guests sat in black leather sofas and chairs, divided by two archways on each side. The darkened hallways gave no hint as to where they led, which unsettled me. I did not want his escape to be easy, nor did I want to be caught in a labyrinth if things went bad. 
On the back wall were several bars. Purple light illuminated the shelves, displaying the various alcohols and liquids, including blood, being served. My mouth watered to sip down one of the cocktails I saw the bartender making, but I needed to stay sharp. 
Stepping farther into the room, the seductive voice of the singer pulled my focus to the stage. Flanked by two arches on either side of the platform, sheer black curtains billowed from the light breeze of the open space behind. Through them I could make out the ocean glinting off the full moon. The castle sat on a high cliff you didn’t notice from the front.
The lead singer, a curvy siren with long blue hair, gripped a mic stand, her head falling back as she belted out a chorus. The lights from above twinkled the crystals on her sheer nude dress, giving the illusion she was naked, except for the rhinestones and long hair covering her. Behind her the band thrummed the foundation of her song. A man with bright red hair played the drums, Dastardly Deeds written in purple neon lights across the drum set. Next to him a dark-haired guy strummed a blood-red guitar. The sexual energy pumping off him told me he was probably an incubus, but Supernaturals were also highly sexual beings, and I had met some who put off that energy without needing sex to survive. I never feared an incubus… It was another creature which plagued my dreams. Spinning nightmares of death into erotic fantasies…ones I’d wake up from needing relief. Hating myself even more.
Through the slits of the hidden door, I could only see golden eyes feverish with his kill, nose flaring as his gaze rolled over the bodies lying on the floor, my mother still gasping for her last breaths. His powerful deep voice slinked through the door, crawling up my thighs. His accent tugged something in me I couldn’t explain, twisting my anguish into another sensation, almost drawing me from my hiding place. 
“It didn’t have to be like this. I warned you,” he rumbled, glaring down at my mother. His voice coiled around me, forcing a gasp to catch in my throat, and I bit down on my lip. His head jerked up, scanning the room, his nostrils heaving, tasting. He paused for a moment, shaking his head, then slipped out the door, never knowing a girl hid in the wall. Watching everything. 
Shuddering, I drew myself from the hazy memory of that night, bile rising up my throat. The emotions I couldn’t seem to stop while my family’s slaughtered bodies heaped around me, their blood staining the wood floor. But his voice, the memory stronger than anything else, stirred a feeling inside me. It disgusted me and I used that, landing my punches harder, my kicks with more passion, and it drove my axe deeper into the stuffed potato bag I used. His golden eyes the target in my mind’s eye.
A deep bass guitar filled the room, sending a shiver up my spine, and plunging desire into my belly. My head turned to the man standing on the stage, air hitching in my throat. 
Hell’s teeth. 
He was tall, with dark hair long enough to run your fingers through, a thick scruff, his broad shoulders filling out the black T-shirt, and tribal tattoos running down his muscular arms. His taut thighs flexed against the fabric of his dark jeans as he bit down on his lip, feeling each chord he hit, charging the room in unfiltered desire. Bodies weaved more seductively on the dance floor, entranced by the magic he created with his guitar. 
Animal. Man. Both rivaled for dominance under his skin.
My memory blurred a lot of the details about him, about the whole night, but I recalled thinking he looked to be in his early thirties, which stunned me knowing he was the King of the Werewolves. I figured he would look older since he had been alive for at least a century. Nothing in my memory remembered him like this. Most of his face I had made up, centering on the vibrant eyes which burned in my mind. Eyes I had learned to hate and trained to destroy.
I had prepared…every outcome and situation. Except this.
I was not ready for him to be up there. On stage. Playing in the band. Rugged and mysterious. He was a leader, the king of all werewolves around the world. I expected a tux, his hair smoothed back, an aloof demeanor, like the wealthy ruler he was, and the brutal murderer I would try to seduce with a suggestive smile and boosts to his ego. That was who I trained for, who I pictured when I chose this dress, when I latched the dagger to my thigh. Not the man wearing Diesel jeans, a T-shirt, and shitkicker boots, playing the sleek black guitar like a lover, looking sexier than any man I had ever seen.  
This man disarmed me. 
The singer added her vocals, her words winding with the bass for a seductive ending, and his fingers plucking the final chords. The moment the last note drifted over the room, hanging like smoke, his thick dark lashes flipped up, his golden eyes moving over the crowd. Like his gaze parted the sea of people bustling around me, making me feel I was an island, his regard latched on to me, hitching my chest. Everything around me disappeared. His eyes flared brighter, and it was as if he put me under a spell. I couldn’t move or breathe, my heart tapping wildly at my ribs. He couldn’t know who I was, right? Comprehend somehow why I was here? I wasn’t the only hunter in the world, but I had a feeling I was the only one here using this night to seek revenge.
His mouth twitched, a ghost of a smirk slipped over his mouth. His attention never strayed from me as he leaned over to whisper something in the lead singer’s ear. She curved to him, tilting her head seductively, but a frown etched over her mouth, her head nodding, stepping up to the mic.
“Let’s give a round of applause to the extremely talented Grayson Bloodstone for honoring us by playing a few songs with us tonight. You are always welcome on my stage.” She stared back at him, giving no question to her meaning, her voice oozing like melted butter. 
The room responded to her request with enthusiastic appreciation. He gave them a nod, his eyes sliding to me before stepping off the stage, as he handed his guitar to someone on the side. A man with long brown wavy hair, a beard, and the brownish-yellowish eyes of a werewolf. He took the instrument and stepped up on stage, replacing Grayson. I had a feeling he was the actual band member.
My gaze tracked the werewolf strolling toward me, my pulse raising the temperature, misting my skin. A coil of need dropped down to my thighs. I wanted to move to him. Like a magnet, I was unable to tear my gaze away from him, smudging out everyone but him.
What the hell?
Anger rose in me, loathing my body’s reaction to him. He slaughtered my parents. He was my mortal enemy. What was wrong with me? I slayed werewolves. The huntress of the night howlers. Tonight I would take down the most powerful—their sovereign. I was a hunter who had the power to kill the King of Werewolves. 
Grayson, leader of the Bloodstone pack…
You are mine.




Chapter 2
Riley


A part of me wanted to run as the sense of being completely out of my element rained down on me like acid. I was only twenty, but it felt like I had aged ten in the last year, except I felt unready for a man like him. 
My village, the little coven where I grew up, had a mix of wizards and witches of all ages, but Thomas was the childhood friend everyone thought I’d end up with. This didn’t say much since my pickings could be counted on one hand. I had never felt that way about him. The whole village knew he liked me; he was not shy about his feelings. But I never could claim anything besides friendship. The few times he kissed me simply solidified I didn’t feel for him the way he wanted me to. 
He didn’t interest me, but I was a curious teenager and had my first experience with a boy from a gypsy caravan in a barn. It was awkward and strange and was only repeated once before his family packed up and moved on. Other than that, I had little experience until this last year, when I fit in a lifetime in merely weeks…studying and learning men, both Sups and humans. I “researched” them all. Very sexy men, may I add, and not once found trouble separating my feelings and sexual needs.
The back of my hand dabbed at my forehead, heat rushing up my veins like lava. Each step he gained, the more it boiled. I squeezed my legs together, not understanding what was happening to me as I watched his primal stride coming for me. It was like I was about to be his prey.
Hell’s teeth, Riley. Get it together. He is a murderer.  
His magic and confidence stuffed every molecule in the air, shoving at my skin. Lifting my chin, I gritted my teeth, forcing my heels into the floor, ignoring the need to flee. 
He slowed several feet from me, his form even bigger and more fit up close. His head tilted, his eyes once again skating over me, brows furrowing as his tongue slid quickly over his bottom lip like he was tasting the air.
Studying martial arts made me patient, my body still. Grandma showed me I could entice others by using my toned, tall figure. Charm with my sharp tongue and seduce with confidence.
He cocked his head the opposite way, reminding me of a canine. He moved around me and stopped, his arm brushing mine as he tipped closer to my ear, a heavy English accent purring around me. “Drink?”
“Excuse me?” Oxygen stuck in my throat, a mix of sensations dive-bombing me with him being so near.
“A drink.” He nodded toward the bar. “You look like you might need one. And I certainly do.”
This was the oddest encounter I ever had with a man. Usually there was a greeting or cheesy pick-up line. Grayson blew past any of that like he didn’t need to.
Blinking, I stared up at him, his mouth so close I could feel the heat coming off it, creating the desperate need to step away. I held my spot, forcing my breath to even out, staring at him with poise. “You walk off stage in the middle of the set to ask me if I want a drink?” I lifted an eyebrow. “Without even asking my name.”
He grinned, showing his canines. “What is your name?” he rumbled, his sexy accent was like stepping into a pool of my favorite whiskey. I hated it. Hated him. “And I didn’t walk off mid-set. I only went up as a guest. A favor to the singer.” 
He inched even closer, my heart flapping like a dying fish. This was exactly the situation I had planned on. Get close to him, let him think I was interested in him sexually, before digging the magic-infused dagger into his gut. But in the moment, his physique looming over mine, the fire in his stare, I felt more the victim than the predator. “Now are you going to tell me your name?”
“Riley.” I held his gaze, saying my name with purpose, leaving out my last name. He would recognize the family name, Vanator, but he probably thought them all dead. To most, Riley was merely a schoolgirl who died on the floor with her parents. It would hold no significance to him, not the huntress who stood before him now. If he knew anything about me, it would be by my moniker, Red. 
As I figured, no indication of awareness flicked in his eyes at my name; he simply dipped his head in acknowledgment. “Well, Ri-ley.” His mouth wrapped around my name, and the way his inflection stressed it sent tingles down my backbone. “Would you like to get a drink with me?”
I watched him for a beat before I let a slow smile curve my mouth. Without a word I headed for the closest bar, my leg showing through the slit and my cape flowing behind me. I swung my hips slightly, knowing the act would have him tailing after me, as had every other man I’d tested this move on.
Halfway toward the bar I realized I no longer felt his presence. The fact I had only been around him for a minute and could already tell he wasn’t there disturbed me. I detested the idea of turning around to search for him. It diminished the power I wanted over him. But the absence next to me had me peeking over my shoulder through my wavy locks. 
He stood exactly where I left him, his arms crossed, watching me with unadulterated interest. O-kay. That was new.
My mentor had taken me to many out-of-town bars, educating me in the art of seduction. Not once had it ever failed. I didn’t know what to do. Tossing my axe at a target or my arrows into flesh was what I knew, what I was comfortable with. I could usually handle any situation thrown at me. 
Dealing with the leader of the werewolves was clearly not in my forte. Killing him, yes. Seducing him, no. 
Grayson used two fingers to rub his chin, his mouth hitching on one side. He stood out in the carousel of tuxes and ball gowns. He didn’t have to move, and the awareness of him from different sexes and species was severe. His animal magnetism was another thing I hadn’t prepared for. Feral. Raw. A bad-boy rock star drawing hungry gazes from all around without even trying. 
I turned to him, one of my eyebrows arching. He merely grinned back, a sense of tug-of-war growing between us. 
There was no way in hell I was giving in. With a slight shrug, I twisted back for the bar, letting him believe I could easily walk away.
“Hello, lovely.” A tall lean elf leaned on the bar. He had icy blond hair puffed on top, braided on the sides, and pulled back in a low, long ponytail. His silver eyes twinkled as he winked at me. Elves were one of the oldest Sups but never appeared to age above their twenties. “What would you like?”
“Whiskey.” Normally I didn’t drink much when I was hunting, but my nerves rattled under my skin, needing something to calm them. It’s simply because I’ve been planning this moment for so long and it’s here. It’s not him personally. “Three fingers.”
The elf lifted his eyebrow, grinning at me with understanding. His features were sharp, but he was pretty. Almost too pretty. He pushed up the sleeves of his white Henley, grabbing the top tier bottle of alcohol off the shelf.
As if an army of ants beelined up my spine, I shivered as Grayson moved in next to me, a smirk hinting on his mouth. How was I so aware of where he was without even looking?
“You decided to join me, even though it was you who asked me.”
“I enjoyed your cheek more from the view I had.” He curved to face me, leaning on an elbow, his gaze feeling like I stepped into a sauna. 
“Cheek?” I forced myself not to twist to him, even though my body wanted to. 
“Let me guess, every man you tried that one on before followed behind like a lost pup?” 
My nose sucked in a shot of air, but I kept my features even.
“Let me warn you, Riley.” He leaned closer to me, getting barely a breath away from my mouth, his odor filtering up my nose. Spicy and woodsy. “I don’t trail after anyone. I lead.” 
The scent coiled around me, my head going dizzy. Air no longer wanted to move in and out of my lungs. My body leaned heavier into the bar, but I wore a flat expression like a shield. 
“So. Do. I.”
A smile split his mouth, his white teeth showing through, his canine teeth sharper and longer than a normal human’s.
“Here you are, lovely.” The bartender set down my drink, his grin open and flirty, but a true gentleman, unlike the man next to me. “I’m Elohir. Let me know if you want to try one of my famous cocktails, Frostbite.”
“Thank you, Elohir.” My hand wrapped around the glass.
“Grayson.” Elohir dipped his head at the werewolf. “The usual for you?”
“Yes. Thank you.”
“Three fingers also?” Elohir grabbed the same bottle of whiskey, a funny smile on his face peering back and forth between us.
“As always,” Grayson replied, but his attention was on my drink and me, lines denting along his forehead. “Looks like we have similar taste in beverages. Not an easy whiskey to procure.”
Elohir pushed the drink to Grayson, giving us a nod before moving on to other guests.
“It was my father’s favorite.” I twisted to him, holding up my glass to his. “Cheers.”
“Cheers.” The glasses clinked together, both of us watching each other as we took a sip. 
The smooth, rich liquid slid down my throat like a warm bath, heating my muscles as it went. It reminded me of all the nights my father and I would sit by the fire and share a glass of whiskey, and he’d tell me old hunter stories.
Grayson licked his lips, getting the drop left on his mouth, boldly staring at me, his expression bordering on puzzlement, as if he was trying to figure me out.
“What?” I tilted my head. 
He rubbed his scruff again, muscles along his forearms twisting under his tattoo, making them look like they were moving, but he did not answer my question. Hell, he was massive. 
“In the sea of people, what made you notice me?” I set the glass down, staring back at him, deepening my voice. It was time to hook a wolf.
His gaze drifted to the side, his expression flickering with annoyance. “Honestly, I don’t know.” He took another swig of the brown liquid. “You’re hard not to notice. Like a magnet.”
A flutter quivered in my stomach, heat gliding down my back to my core. That was the exact word I had used. I reached for my drink, taking a large sip, letting it scorch my throat. I reveled in it, wanting something to hurt, to wake me up. Being this close to him I would expect fear, rage, or even uncertainty. Not this. I couldn’t describe it, the draw to him. I had to keep reminding myself why I was here. What he had done.
I was born to execute werewolves. I had killed many in the last year, and I never hesitated, never felt remorse or questioned it. Tonight should have been no different, but I felt off, disconcerted. 
The feel of his stare on my profile burned up my neck, and I tipped my glass back, finishing off the drink. My plan was to take my time with him, earn his trust, then get him alone. But every moment I spent near him, I became more troubled with the idea of gutting him, which was not acceptable. I would carry out my plan. No exceptions.
“Another?” Elohir was suddenly there, like he apparated, sensing my empty glass.
“Yes.” I nodded fervently. I shouldn’t. I should keep my head, but I was shaky and flushed around Grayson. That was unacceptable. Whatever I was feeling needed to end. Immediately. 
Elohir set another whiskey in front of me, and I took another sip, instantly feeling my head buzz. I didn’t drink a lot because of training or hunting, but usually I could handle a glass or two.
“Be careful, lovely… Everything here is a bit stronger than normal.” Elohir winked before moving away and leaving me alone with Grayson, his presence only swirling my head more. 
He watched me for a few more beats before he spoke.
“Tell me, Riley,” he leaned more into the bar on his arm, “why are you here alone?”
“What makes you think I am alone?”
“Because no man…or woman…would let you out of their sight. Believe me. Do you know how many eyes are on you right now, waiting for me to step back so they can pounce?”
“I can take care of myself.” I brushed my hair over my shoulder.
“I don’t think you realize the number of beasts out there.” He nodded to the dance floor. “Wanting to snack on a woman like you.”
Annoyance twisted my lips and I leaned close to him. “They should be scared of me.”
“That I doubt.”
“I can handle myself and any supernatural creature out there.”
His top lip hitched up, his face inching toward me until he was a breath away. “I wasn’t talking about monsters.”
Men. He was talking about men in general, which made me want to laugh because the only one I realized I needed to fear was the one in front of me.




Chapter 3
Riley


Grayson faced the dance floor, his elbows on the bar, giving me an opportunity to fully observe his profile. The hole I had watched him murder my parents through had only given me pieces of his blood smeared face like a puzzle. And in the moment, I never regarded him as anything more than my parents’ killer. Merely teeth and golden eyes which illuminated like light bulbs.
That’s all you should see him as now, I thought to myself.
But I couldn’t stop my eyes tracking his strong beard-lined jaw, dark tousled hair, and full bottom lip. Unlike the elf behind the bar, Grayson wasn’t pretty. He was brutal. Raw. Sexual energy wafted off him like cologne, enticing anything walking past. His wolf showing, he was the most virile, dominant alpha in this room. The power, magic, and dominance he held without even trying was a cocktail bomb ready to go off.
“You’re staring at me, Riley.” He kept his attention forward, watching the other guests move around the room.
“Do you enjoy killing?” The question tumbled out of my mouth without checking with my mind first.
His head jerked to me, his lids narrowing with the bluntness of my query, then turned back to the crowd. “I will not deny I enjoy it. It is who I am.” He pushed off the bar with his arms, his body rising to full height, moving closer, looming over me. My throat caught on air as the heat of his body crawled over me like fingers. “But not all kills,” he said softly, his eyes glowing with vitality. “What I take great pleasure in is the hunt…to chase my prey so slow, they don’t even realize I am there until it’s too late. My teeth digging into their flesh, their heartbeats thumping under my palm. Their moans in my ear.” An ache throbbed near my thighs, each word he uttered was like an exclamation mark between my legs. “And you, Riley?” 
The way he said my name stuck fear in my chest, causing my shoe to slide back. “Wh-what about me?”
“What gives you pleasure?” A strange smile hinted on his mouth. “Are you the hunter or the prey?”
Struggling to swallow, I tried to calm my paranoia. He was talking generally, right? He couldn’t know about me. My parents made sure I stayed a secret to keep me safe from his kind.
“Neither,” I lied, shutting down any rabid emotion fleeing over my face, flattening my lips together. 
“Liar. Everybody in this world is either hunter or prey.” His gaze moved down my body salaciously. “Most might see you as prey. But what I see? You are a hunter, going straight for the throat.”
“Not at all.” I went for the gut or heart. 
Supernaturals were usually killed differently than humans. Most died by decapitation or their heart being ripped out. This was not as easy as people thought. Sups were hard to kill, and werewolves were up there with being the most difficult.
Silver bullets or weapons made from silver didn’t faze werewolves. A stupid myth some storyteller made up had somehow become legend. Grandma said most likely the bullet was charmed with a witch’s magic and that was why it killed the wolf, not because the bullet was silver. 
My entire coven was trained to fight werewolves and attacks while in small groups but could never take on a wolf by themselves. I was special, and I was also hard to kill. Magic made me an equal to the werewolves or any other Sup in sight, smell, and strength. Hunters were the protectors of their clan. My parents had been before me; now it was my job.
Rumors persisted werewolves were a lot more susceptible on full moons because that was when they could turn. Only partly true. Werewolves could shift anytime they wanted, but the full moon had the monster inside hover close to the surface, making it difficult for them not to transform. Tonight was the perfect night to test out the theory.
“It’s quite early in our relationship to be lying to me.” He moved in so close, his thighs hit mine. I wasn’t short, my stature around 5’7” without heels, but even in four-inch heels, he towered over me. His mouth brushed against my ear, launching heat through my bones, his voice so low I barely heard him. “I know you like the kill.” He started to turn away, but I could have sworn I heard him add “huntress” at the end.
“What?” I jerked back. I had to have heard him wrong.
“Would you like to dance?” He stepped back, finishing his drink.
I stood rooted to my spot, fear crashing over me in waves. 
“Dance?” He flicked his head to the floor, where the ballroom swayed with couples, the siren singing another erotic ballad which had people rushing for the private chambers floating around the room.
I was off, on edge tonight, and it felt as if he could see right through me. I was being paranoid. The red huntress was known in my area, but no one knew what I looked like. I always kept my hood up and spread rumors I was blonde with blue eyes. Some even thought there was a possibility I was a pubescent boy instead.
He eyed me with curiosity, lifting his palm to me in invitation.
This is exactly how you planned it in your head. He’s handing you the game. Now get it together, I berated myself, rolling my shoulders back. I slammed down the rest of the whiskey, causing him to lift his eyebrows with awe.
I placed my palm in his. Identical to touching a low-voltage fence, energy rushed through my muscles, spiking up my arm. His hand twitched as though he felt it as well, his eyes snapping to mine. Instead of yanking away, his fingers wrapped possessively around my hand. He cleared his throat as he led me toward the dance floor, every second his touch pumping stronger through me, as if a thread was beginning to form. What the hell? In all the test cases with human and Sups in the pubs, even Thomas, I had never felt anything even remotely like this. It frightened me. An emotion I did not like. Fear turned to anger.
Grayson stopped, and the couples around automatically gave him berth as if they sensed the danger and power coming off him. He spun to face me, his free hand sliding over my hip to my lower back. An electric pulse raced after his touch, forcing me to inhale sharply. His nose flared, his gaze finding mine as he pulled me into his form.
My lids squeezed together with the onslaught of magic dancing over me. I heard a low growl, and my eyes popped open. Heat filled his gaze. His shoulders were tense and neither of us moved, except for his thumb methodically rubbing circles over the base of my spine, brushing my ass. 
A moan vibrated through my bones, responding primally to the sensations. They were so strong it took a while for my brain to voice itself, sending me images which haunted my dreams. Flesh, guts, and blood covering my beloved parents, their eyes open in horror, their lives gone with guarding the secret hiding in a cupboard. 
Sensing my need to pull away, his hand pressed firmer onto my ass, pinning my body to his, forcing me to feel every inch of him. Hell’s teeth. Fire scorched my nerves, grinding my teeth. Most male Sups were “blessed,” but of course the King of Werewolves topped that. 
Figures whirled and swayed next to us, some unashamedly having sex right on the dance floor, upping the blaze in my belly. I used to be astounded by the Supernaturals’ brazenness of sex. Not anymore, especially becoming a Sup myself. My sex drive tripled and my human embarrassment of it diminished. 
I couldn’t deny a few—okay, most—of my “study cases” ended up back at their place. I had a rule, I only had sex with humans. It had taken me awhile to admit I was no longer human in my needs. The conquests barely ever took the edge off, while they were exhausted and spent, usually passing out the rest of the night.
Grayson touched me and I was about to… No! Riley, that’s disgusting. I shook the thought from my head, feeling deep loathing inside. My parents would be ashamed of me.
He started to move us, the little movement creating a friction, twisting the loathing into something else.
“Fuck,” he whispered hoarsely, his mouth dipping close to mine. He curved his hips just enough, my lips parted. “What are you doing to me?”
“Me?” I tried to pull back, but his hold kept me in place. The erotic voice of the singer slithered over my skin, causing the dress to feel heavy and cumbersome. His breath tickled down my neck, compelling me to swallow over the knot stuck in my throat.
“If you’re giving me a preview of what those will feel like on my back, I say we skip to later.” He nodded down at my hand on his bicep. Dammit. My nails were digging into his skin, leaving deep marks across his tattoos. “You also have a fierce grip.” 
My notice went to my other hand, wrapped around his fingers, gripping them like a vise. Instantly I loosened my hand. 
“Sorry.” I tried to back up, but he drew me in closer.
“Don’t be.” His lip lifted in a naughty grin. “I like it.”
Our eyes met. Deep hunger blazed in his eyes. I was terrified of what mine expressed. His gaze bore so deeply into me, my head spun, feeling like it was something I should explain, but the sensation was out of my grasp. It trembled desire down my spine, drowning me under the power. 
Images and voices I couldn’t quite see or hear fluttered around, staying on the threshold of my subconscious, not letting me grasp them. Terror piled on my tongue, making it hard to swallow.
What the hell was in that drink? This was crazy. We had been in each other’s company for less than an hour. What was going on? Being this close to him befuddled my mind and my objective. I regretted drinking the whiskey; it had completely messed with me. 
I had come here to kill him.
“Riley?” My name on his lips was torture. Damn English accents. As if the alcohol, music, and magic throbbing through this room wasn’t enough. The package that was Grayson Bloodstone with his bloody English accent was lethal. “Riley, look at me.” I lifted my head, grinding my teeth, trying to keep myself walled up. His hand cupped the side of my face, his focus dropping to my mouth. “Witch.”
My eyes widened. His finger slid through my hair, gripping the back of my head, holding me in place.
“It’s the only thing you could be because I’ve only known you for a moment, and I am completely bewitched by you.”
There were a lot of witches out there. It really was a very general term. A huge umbrella for all who used spells and held magic. I was a witch, but even in my coven I was not the normal kind of witch. 
“Tell me, Riley. Did you hex me?” he rumbled, pulling my head forward, our lips barely centimeters a part. 
He was going to kiss me. 
I had planned this very scenario so many time, but not once did I ever include myself wanting to kiss him back. I actually trained myself on how to get through it without wanting to scream in disgust. That was not even close to what I felt. I craved it. Longed for the feel of his mouth on mine. Claiming and hot. 
He tightened his hold around me, his other hand pushing my pelvis into his, fingers gripping my hair tighter.
I. Wanted. Him.
Not to kill.
Not even to just kiss.
Hell’s teeth…
“No.” Answering his question with a huff, I shoved him back. Spinning around, I ran, passing through the sheer curtains by the stage, leading me outside. The bright moon guided me around to the side. I needed a moment to get myself together. To clear my head.
I was afraid Grandma was right; I wasn’t ready. The men I had preyed on at the bars were boys compared to him. Simple to twist around my finger. Manipulate. Easy targets.
Now the hunter had become the prey, and I was terrified.




Chapter 4
Grayson


I stared at the empty space where Riley had been standing, my muscles locked in place.
What the fuck had just happened? The images flickered through my head too fast to catch; the deep feeling taking root around us. I almost snogged the shit out of her.
Being the leader of the werewolves for almost seven decades, I had seen and experienced a lot of crazy things. It came with the territory, and most of the time it wasn’t the Supernaturals who were insane. Humans, over the centuries, had baffled the hell out of me. 
The one thing always clear to me though was women. Sups, humans—all ages, species, and types. I was always in charge. Dominant. Alpha. Everyone I bedded liked it that way. They could let go and know I would give them the best night of their lives. Some stayed a night, some longer than others, and some I really, really enjoyed.
Love was never used in the werewolf world unless you found your mate. And only a handful in my pack had found that connection. And damn, if they weren’t fucking all the time; decades later and they were still completely captivated by their mates, acting like teenagers. They told me there was nothing else like it; it was better than every partner I had been with all together at once. I highly doubted it. I had been in involved with some incredibly kinky shit. I enjoyed the variety. Werewolves were up there with incubi and succubi in sexual demand. Werewolves needed it all the time, and we were quite open with it. 
When I was a boy, I remembered my father telling me love was not in the cards for a king. Our responsibility was leading. I preferred it that way. My first love was my pack. No woman in the way.
But the moment I had looked over the crowd as I played, the chords thrummed through me. It was like the entire room disappeared and all I could see was her. Steel gray eyes, olive skin, long silky black hair in waves down her back, her red lips slightly parted as she looked back at me. 
And that red dress. Fucking hell. Hugging her curves, the slit showing off her toned legs, and the damn dip in the front… My wolf woke up with a howl. 
The full moon had me on edge anyway, and the need to shift into the wolf itched at my skin. But she made it ten times worse. If I didn’t have the years of training my strength and discipline, I wouldn’t have been able to stop it. Especially when I noticed all the attention she drew. Sups of all sexes moved around her, licking their lips, and staring at her like she was their next meal. They wanted to entice her into one of the dark corners or up to a floating bed and taste her magic, her power and strength, her sexual energy.
Most monsters weren’t the ones under your bed but were the ones in it. A low rumble tore up my throat at the idea of anyone touching her, and without a thought, I stepped up to the lead singer of Dastardly Deeds, needing to be near her. The lead singer had invited me up to play a few sets with them, making it clear she’d like to “hang out” once the band went on break. I had fully intended to do that. She was sexy as shit and had an appetite like mine.
That was until she showed up. I quickly handed the guitar back to Bardou, one of my pack, the real member of the Dastardly Deeds and flew off the stage. Like a magnet, she had pulled me to her.
Once a year this party gave me the opportunity to let go, one night to not be king. My second and third were here, lurking in the shadows, keeping an eye on their alpha. The party was a perfect place to find trouble. Supernaturals did not all get along, actually quite the opposite, but for one night we let our egos and grievances go. Well, we tried.
But tonight I was wound up from the moment I stepped in. I knew trouble was coming for me. I simply didn’t know it would be wearing a red dress.
Halfway to her, my wolf had smelled her, and it was like a hammer came down on my lungs. My soul. Crushing it with truth. It knew that smell…the same one which had haunted my dreams for a year, making my wolf howl with need. But how could that be? It didn’t make sense. I had ended that family line. Burned everything to the ground. But now my gut recognized it like its own.
Blood had been thick and heavy that night, covering up the life I should have sensed. The one they hid from the world. Fuck. This changed everything.
“Alpha?” A woman’s voice now came up behind me. Reika, my second, nudged my shoulder, shaking me out of a stupor. 
My eyes caught the tail end of Riley’s cape disappear out the back into the dark, forcing a growl to push me forward. The need to follow her dominated my thoughts. I knew how this one ended. 
“Reika, you and Alarick stay here.” 
“What?” Alarick came up to my other side. They were one of the mated pairs, and their connection to each other made them excellent guards. They couldn’t always speak to each other when guarding, but they could feel each other, know if something was wrong. They could look at each other and understand the other’s thoughts. “Absolutely not, Alpha. You know who she is, right? I smelled her. And you’re looking like a pup in love.”
“Yes. I know who she is.” My gaze darted to him, my head tipping. We were all friends, had been since we were young, but I was still their leader. I let them be a lot more casual with me than most kings, but they still had their place.
“Don’t give us that look.” Reika put a hand on her hip, shaking her head, her long brown hair pinned in a tight, low bun, her light brown eyes glowing. “We protect you. Even if it’s from yourself.”
My second was a lot more dominant and bossier than her mate.
“I think I can handle it.” I glared at her, but it did little to back her down. 
Reika arched her eyebrow at me. “Can you?”
“She’s just a girl.” I growled deeply, Reika finally lowered her eyes. “Stay here. That’s an order.”
My boots hit the floor; people with the good sense got the hell out of my way. Except one girl didn’t seem to get the memo. Stopping in the parted middle of the dance floor, a tall blonde woman with pointed ears, wearing a yellow ball gown, stared back at the bar where Riley and I had been. 
“Pardon me.” I grabbed her shoulders, trying to keep her on her feet. Blue eyes peered up at me, glinting under the gold masquerade mask she wore, blinking with surprise. I peered over her head, as Riley disappeared into the dark. Anger at my desperation clashed my teeth together, my canines growing like I no longer had control over myself. Riley was an alpha in her own right. I could feel the game being played when she tried her little power play with me earlier. She was used to having men fall at her feet. But I bowed for no one.
Sure…which is why you are the one running after her.
Another deep growl vibrated my throat. I had been with the most powerful and beautiful women in the world. Some even tried to play the very game Riley had, to see if they could bend me. They hoped to bring me to my knees…chase after them. Not once had it worked. Ever. 
Fog curled around the ground as I headed out, the ocean waves breaking far below against the cliff, the moonlight capturing in the sprays of water, glimmering in the air. The air was cool, but werewolves ran hot.
Very hot.
My nostrils flared, taking in the salty air, but it centered right on my target. Her smell wrapped around me, tugging me right to the spot where she was, like my entire body was in tune to hers. 
Against a tower wall, she blended in with the deep shadows, but my keen sight viewed her like it was in the middle of the day. I saw every curve, every heave of her chest. 
“Bloody hell,” I muttered, studying her, moving to her like she was reeling me in. I had been prepared for a hunter attack. Predicted it would be tonight. It made sense. A time we were all put together under one roof. However, I had not expected this. Her. As my guards knew, she wasn’t simply a girl. She was far from it.
Her head jerked up, her eyes reflecting light from the moon, her gaze guarded and watching me as I stepped closer. Her muscles tightened, going on defense.
“You should know better than to run from the big bad wolf.” I lifted an eyebrow, my gaze hungrily moving over her figure. I didn’t stop until my body was almost pressed against hers, heat seeping through my clothes like fingers gliding over my skin, wrapping around my cock. 
She stiffened, letting out a heavy breath, her lashes fluttering, her jaw clenching.
“Red Riding Hood had almost gotten eaten for that.” My hands slid up her arms, feeling her shiver, her mouth parting as my hands moved up to her face. The need to have her demolished all reasonable thought and what I really should be doing to her.
“Be careful.” Riley’s gaze landed on me, her confidence meeting mine without hesitation. “The wolf was the one gutted in the end.”
Smirking, my hands roughly gripped the back of her head, my dick so hard it felt like stone. I curved my hips into hers, causing a gasp from her. 
“You think a little girl could kill a wolf?” I yanked her against me, her breath curling around my mouth. My lips hitched up, my canines digging into my bottom lip with need to bite into hers. To taste her blood.
I knew how this night would end, but I couldn’t stop myself.
“No.” She breathed, pushing her breasts into my chest. I could smell her desire, and it only overshadowed my thoughts even more. Her mouth brushed mine and my wolf howled inside, wanting to mate with her. Now. Vicious and brutal.
Claiming.
A growl rolled around my throat at that notion. No. It’s not possible.
“The little girl doesn’t kill the wolf.” Riley slid a hand down her exposed leg, biting at her full bottom lip. She withdrew a sharp dagger, the knife heading for my stomach, abhorrence flaming in her eyes. “But the huntress does.”




Chapter 5
Riley

My finger closed around the handle, letting the months of training for this moment take over, but every bone in my body screamed at me to stop.
He had to die. Revenge for my loved ones. And now he knew who I was, so he’d come for me.
Kill or be killed.
Being this close, my dagger went for his gut and felt it rip through the cotton of his shirt. The blade I carried was spelled to kill a wolf as if he were a normal man. The power in the blade, along with my strength, could slaughter the unkillable beast.
In a blink, fingers wrapped around my wrist, yanking it so hard the knife fell from my grip, clanking on the hard stone in the path behind him. 
What the hell? There was no way he could respond so fast. His hands had been in my hair, my blade already skimming his spleen. My gaze popped up to his. His golden eyes blazed brighter than the moon, his mouth twisting in a snarl. 
“Guess we’ve hit the part of our relationship where we can drop the facades.” He slammed me back into the wall, ripping my breath away and pinning my hands together above my head. Instinct kicked out my legs; the position he put me in was vulnerable. Weak. His build crushed into mine, trapping my legs against his. “Right, Red?”
Air stopped moving in my lungs, my head hitting the wall. “What?”
“You go by Red Huntress, don’t you?” He tipped his head with a smirk. “Riley Vanator.”
Hell’s fucking teeth. He knew.
“Seriously, Riley.” He turned into me, colliding my terror and lust together in a tornado. “I am the alpha. You think I would not have heard about the new hunter out there killing my kind? I tried to find out everything I could about the huntress who came out of nowhere. You are good. Not much information existed, just a lot of contradicting rumors.” His breath trickled down my throat. “But now I know exactly who you are. I smell your blood. Vanator blood. It wasn’t hard to figure out you were a hunter. You got upset when I didn’t ask your name, but you forgot to ask mine. Because you knew exactly who I was. You have to at least play the game, Red.”
Hell. I had forgotten.
“Everyone knows who you are,” I snapped back. “You are the leader of the werewolves.”
“Yeah.” He sneered, inching in closer. “But strangers still ask. It’s the polite thing to do when you’re trying to get into someone’s pants.”
“I-I wasn’t…I’m not,” I spurted out. He smiled perceptively at my speedy rebuff.
His nose flared, skimming up my neck, shivers running down my skin. “I figured a hunter might come tonight. You guys are always predictable. Come to take down the great alpha?”
“Get off of me.” I tried to buck him off, but only rubbed our hips together even more, heating my desire like it was on a barbeque.
His eyes looked more like a wolf’s than a man’s. “Stop moving.” He grunted, his vocals strangled. One hand clasped both of my wrists as he dragged his free hand down my throat, along the V in my dress, between my breasts. My chest fluttered at his touch. My mind and body were at war. Desire had never been something which controlled me. I had been very sexually attracted to many of the men I used. I enjoyed sex a lot. But this was something entirely different. I was always in command with them, could walk away at any moment. But now desire consumed me, taking over my body and mind.
“What I wasn’t expecting was you being Vanator’s daughter.” His finger followed along the dress, tracing over my breast, compelling a whiskey-drenched moan from my lips. 
Chagrin flooded my cheeks, stirring anger inside. Wiggling against his hold, he pressed harder into me, my dress hitching up higher on my leg, feeling every inch of him.
“Now I realize I smelled you that night. Even through all the blood and death, I smelled you. Sweet. Alluring,” he muttered against my neck, his beard grazing along the curve of my neck. “They did a good job hiding you. Smart. No one knew they had a child.”
At the mention of my parents, I gritted my teeth, pressing my head back into the stone wall.
“Is that why you’re here, little Red?” He tilted back to look into my eyes. “Not solely to kill your enemy but to avenge your darling parents? Because you think they were good, honest people and were viciously murdered by the big bad wolf? Is that what you believe?”
“Fuck you,” I seethed. “You are a murderer. You came into our home and slaughtered them. Then burned it down with me still in it!”
“Like they did to hundreds if not thousands of mine.” Grayson lifted his lip in a snarl. “And I didn’t know you were inside. I actually didn’t know you existed at all.” 
“Like it would have stopped you if you did.” 
“Probably not.” He tilted his head. “Don’t fool yourself. They were ten times worse than my kind. They were the ones who were cold-blooded and merciless to us.”
“They only hunted the ones who had killed humans. It’s what we do. We protect the innocent,” I hissed back, leaning my head forward. “You are the monsters.”
Grayson’s head tipped back, a howl of laughter echoing in the cool air. The menacing laugh dropped as fast as it came, his fingers digging harder into my skin. “Is that what you think? What they told you? How naïve you are…” Revulsion iced his timbre, his jaw twitching. “Your parents were not morally respectable people. They were ruthless and pitiless. They hunted us down, skinned us, tortured us. Even. The. Pups.” 
I jerked. “No. They would never do that.”
It was the one edict hunters and wolves never crossed. Children were off limits on both sides. If that pup grew into a wolf who killed a human, then fair game. But harming children was against every moral code Sups held. And our oath was everything.
“I am not the monster here, Riley,” he sneered, his hand curling around my throat. Rage rolled off his shoulders like the fog wrapping around our ankles. “I simply repaid them for what they did to so many of us. To my little nieces.”
My lids blinked, my heart pounding. “You’re lying.”
“I am telling the truth.” His fingers squeezed down on my neck. “They were just six. Twins. The sweetest things you could ever know. Innocent and pure.” Agony rolled through his throat as he swallowed. “They were on their first outing alone…a very important trail at their age.” He cleared his throat. “I was the one who found them.” Every word he shoved out like bullets. “They were skinned, gutted, and their teeth broken off. They had been tortured and left to hang as a warning to us.”
My head automatically shook. “My-my parents would never do that.”
“Oh, they did.” He leaned into my face. “It reeked of their smell. And it wasn’t the first time they left their calling card. Not the first pups they tortured.”
My parents hated werewolves. That wasn’t a surprise since we were natural enemies, but there were times when I had overheard them, their animosity going to an extreme which had startled me. After years of watching hunters and their friends die, they blamed everything on the wolves, saying the world would be better without them. I never believed they could go that far though. 
“They broke the oath.” Grayson shook his head. “I did what was necessary. What was required.”
“Required?” I choked. “Tearing them apart and burning down my house is what you call necessary?”
“Yes. And I was being generous.” He growled, his boots stepping painfully on the tips of my toes. “If I’d known their offspring was hiding in that house, a hunter following in their footsteps, I would have made them watch me disembowel you first.”
I grinned hungrily up at him. He thought he had me. I trained for every situation and how to get out of them. My favorite lesson was how to let them think they had the upper hand. That they had you against a wall. In this case, literally. 
“Patience, Rosu.” Grandma tapped at my shaky thighs with her cane, forcing me to go lower in my squat. “Be still…wait. Let them get comfortable. Then attack like a tiger.”
“A mistake I will have to remedy tonight.” He bared his teeth at me.
“Bring it, wolf.” My fingers wrapped around the wrist holding mine, twisting my body down enough to force him to regrip his hold. I didn’t hesitate, my elbows smashing down on his face with a crunch. The wolf reared back with a roar, blood spurting from his nose.
I darted out of the tight space he had me in. My hand swiped up the knife he had tossed to the ground, the buzz of magic dancing up my arm, giving me strength. I came here for a purpose, whatever madness the drink caused me to feel was over.
I was designed to kill werewolves. 
I had trained to kill him. 




Chapter 6
Riley


Kicking off my heels, I felt the cool grass damp with moisture crushing under my toes, making me feel alive as energy curled under me.
“This evening just got vastly more interesting.” Grayson whipped around, a hungry smile parting his mouth as he lowered himself, ready for me to strike. “Want to avenge your parents? Come get me, little huntress.”
“Little?” I smirked, countering his steps, circling each other. “I love when men underestimate me.”
His voracious grin widened. “Good thing I am not really a man then.”
He leaped for me, his movements quicker than I expected. Whirling away, I felt nails claw across my arm, the skin tearing open, shooting pain up my nerves. My body dropped low as his arm swung out for me, nicking the top of my head. My leg rammed out, smashing against his shin right below his knee.
He stumbled back with a growl as I sprang up, my dagger angled for his stomach. He tipped to the side, spinning around until he was almost behind me, his arms circling me. With a cry, my body was tossed into the air, colliding painfully with the ground, rolling off the lawn onto the gravel. The dagger slid across the path, hitting a rock at the edge of the bluff, out of my reach. The crashing of waves only a few feet from my head sprayed water over the top of the cliff, misting my skin. The space was deceiving, the fog hiding places that dropped off down a sheer precipice. 
He darted for me. Waiting until the last moment, I kicked out, my foot striking his crotch with force. A roar dropped him to the ground and I jumped up, my fist rolling up, knocking into his windpipe. Grayson fell to the side gasping for air, his hand still on his groin. Where men might overpower us with height or muscle mass, they had a weakness which could drop any human or Sup, instantly. I hated when people said “get some balls” in equivalence to “get tougher.” Really? That’s what you think is stronger? Are you kidding? Balls were so fragile. Weak. Simply a squeeze and you had them crying and begging for mercy.
I quickly moved for the dagger.
“You like playing dirty, Red?” Grayson’s nose wrinkled in a deep snarl, his bone structure altering, the wolf dancing very close to his skin, claws growing from his hands. “Just how I like it. Dirty and penetrating.” He lunged for my legs. Twisting, I vaulted to the side, but one arm caught me, wrapping around my ankle as he yanked me forward. My spine hit the gravel, my head slamming back, tearing the air from my lungs, robbing my body of movement.
Get up, Riley! I screamed, hearing him rise, prowling for me.
Grunting, I rolled up, blocking his hands from reaching me. I wrapped my fingers around his elbows, and a yell tore from my throat. Using all my body weight and legs, I flung him over my head, his bones cracking as he struck the ground with a surprised huff. 
My strength was no longer a human’s. Being a hunter gave me extra skills and strength to fight my enemy. All hunters had to be a witch or wizard, but not all witches or wizards were true huntsmen. Grandma had told me every coven had at least one hunter protecting a parish from werewolves. 
Our coven was lucky two hunters had fallen in love. Two hunters protecting our village. My parents. Hunters passed their power down to next of kin or someone they chose. When the previous hunter died, then we received their magic. Since I was an only child from two gifted hunters, all their powers went to me. The more children you had, the more it was spread out, watering down the magic. Since I received both my parents’ magic, it made me more powerful than most.
But Grayson was an alpha, an old one. I was still technically a baby in the Sup world.
As I got to my feet, he rolled over, coming at me on all fours, his teeth bared. I hated wearing a dress while fighting, but the slit up the leg gave me enough liberty to leap away, the fabric breathable, bending with my body. The wolf barreled toward me, his teeth nipping at my hipbone, his fangs feeling like ice picks stabbing through my flesh.
“Ahhhh!” A cry broke from my lips, but I shoved back the pain. It stung like crazy. A werewolf’s saliva was poison to humans, but to other Sups, it just weakened us.
He stood, his body hunched, his teeth long, irises glowing with hunger. We started circling again; our eyes locked on each other, my gaze slyly drifting to the side, seeing my dagger perched dangerously close to the ledge. 
“Are you really here to kill me, Riley?” He rubbed at his beard, his body low while we continued to move around each other. He was trying to move me away from the dagger. “Even though your parents were the ones who broke the law. Slaughtered innocent children…skinned them.”
“Shut up,” I sneered. “Stop lying.”
“Am I?” He tilted his head, rolling his shoulders back. “I was at your home. Those furs hanging on the mantel? Those were my nieces’…” Torment rolled through his eyes like a storm. “I took them back. Let my sister and brother-in-law mourn their children properly.”
My mind went back to my house before Grayson burned it to the ground. To all the furs around my house, ones I didn’t even notice after a while, blending in with furniture. I knew they were trophies. Kills of my parents. But I never gave them a face or a voice. Never thought of the life that lived inside them before they were used as blankets and decorations.
Bile rose in my throat.
My hand went to my stomach. Did I simply not want to know? I hadn’t even asked, but I did remember thinking some of the skins were smaller compared to others. It seemed so clear now. They were babies. Children.
How could my parents do that? They were so kind, loving. How could they do something so monstrous?
“I know you miss them, Rosu. You are in pain.” Grandma brushed my hair back, my head in her lap, my skin still scorched from escaping the fire. My parents and my home were gone. “But some deeds can’t go unpunished.”
“He needs to die.” Tears ran down my face, my nails digging into the sofa. “I will avenge them.”
“My Rosu, revenge is why they are gone. It’s a never-ending cycle. A disease. Revenge should die with them.”
I sat up, staring at her with horror. “How can you say that? A werewolf just brutally murdered my parents! I will kill him if it’s the last thing I do.”
“Your parents lost their way, Rosu. They were far from innocent.”
“What are you talking about? They protected this coven. Innocent humans. They did not deserve this!” I spat, rising to my feet, rage giving me purpose, my new powers flooding me.
“You are blind to their faults.”
“Grayson Bloodstone is the evil one. He took everything from me. Avenging them is all I have left.” I bent down in front of her, scooping her hands in mine. “Please, train me. I can feel their magic in my bones now. I want to become a great huntress.”
“Rosu…” She stared back at me. 
“Please, Grandma. I am a hunter now. With or without you, I will do this. But with your guidance I have a chance.” My gaze pleaded with her. “Please.”
Grandma nodded, her lips pursed. 
“Okay, Rosu. I will train you because I know when you set your mind to something it doesn’t budge.” She sighed. “And if he finds out about you, he might come after you anyway. You need to defend yourself. You are not your parents’ mistakes.”
The memory sat heavy on my heart, her words fitting with what Grayson was telling me. Did she know and not tell me?
Images of my parents, laughing and being silly, ran through my mind. How much they loved each other and me. We were so close. How could I not fully realize how deeply prejudiced they were? To not simply break the laws with the wolves, but the Supernatural laws, without remorse? Little six-year-old girls?
No. No! My heart refused to listen. They helped everyone in the village, happy and smiling, and our home was always open to everyone in our coven.
“I don’t believe you.” I gritted my teeth, eyeing the dagger. “They were good people.” 
“To your kind maybe.”
I inched back toward the cliff, nearing the knife. “You are trying to distract me. I came here to kill you. I will fulfill my promise to them.”
“And what would happen if you didn’t?” He watched me, blood trickling from scratches over his arms and face, his eyes merely brightening more, challenging the glow of the moon. “Everything you are, everything you have been living for is based on a lie. Killing me will not bring them back or make you feel better. Believe me. The loss of my nieces didn’t go away. You think killing me will bring you happiness?”
“I’ll give it a go.”
He chuckled, his head bobbing. “Fair enough.” He opened his arms, challenging me. “Okay, little Red. Come get me.”
Eyeing him skeptically, I didn’t move, trying to ignore my aching bones and blood dripping from my wounds.
“I’m not a fool.” I sidestepped to the ledge. “And only a fool miscalculates their enemy because of ego.”
“Oh, I’m deeply aware of that, Riley.” His gaze flamed, intensely roaming over me. The way his accent kept stroking my name sent a bolt of desire up my spine. “I haven’t fought anyone who put me on my back in a long, long time. I’ll confess, I’m finding this a lot more fun than I should.”
I couldn’t stop the smile lifting the side of my mouth. “Come closer and I’ll put you on your back again.”
“Is that a promise?” He lifted an eyebrow, licking his mouth, lapping up the blood spilling from his broken lip, desire filling the air between us. I knew I had the same wild look on my features. I had stepped into the party appearing impeccable. A lady. Now I was just as much a wild animal as the man across from me. My dress was ripped and dirty, my hair mussed; blood dripped from my hip, arm, and temple and gravel and grass covered me.
Disheveled. Savage. Feral.
Hot searing blood zoomed up my veins, flushing my chest, my gaze latched on his tongue. His smirk grew, knowing what he did to me.
Combat got my blood boiling. My hunter loved the rush, my heart pounding from fighting. Most nights I went to the bar for more “training” because my sparring season with Thomas, who loved stepping into the ring with me, had me antsy and needing an outlet. I never wanted to cross that line with him, give him the wrong idea, so I would take it out on a guy at the pub. 
“You want this.” Grayson motioned to himself. “Come get it.”
Hell’s teeth, something was wrong with me. After everything, even the reason I was here, I craved him. My skin pulsed with need of his touch, but it only fueled my hate. I surged for my dagger, a burst of adrenaline slamming into me as my fingers wrapped around it. 
Bam.
Grayson’s body collided with mine, taking us both to the ground with crunching force, gutting my lungs of air as his ripped physique squashed me under his weight, pinning me to the ground. He seized my wrists, choking the one holding the weapon, pushing down on my tendon. 
A cry clogged my throat, my fingers going limp under the stressed pressure point. The sound of the metal falling on the gravel caused terror to climb up my throat. 
Grayson peered down at me, a malicious smile curving his face as he picked up the knife. He slowly drew the blade up my chest, the sharp point digging in enough to leave a mark, but he didn’t break the skin. He twisted it, pushing the blade into my neck.
Hell.
“It would be so easy,” he whispered hoarsely. “One flick and you would cease to exist. My wolves free of one more huntsman.”
The pulse in my neck thudded with terror. Grandma was right. I had been a fool, in too much of a hurry, my anger and pain controlling my need to act, to seek revenge. Now I was going to die by the very man who had killed my family.
“It’s tempting, little huntress.” He glided the blade across my neck, taunting me.
“Do it,” I ordered, looking him straight in the eyes. “Come on. You’ll be revered. Killing the Red Huntress, last of the Vanator line. They’ll make you a god of the werewolves.” I pushed my neck into the blade. If I were going to die, I would do it proudly. “What are you waiting for?” 
“You think of me as a man, not a wolf.” His knee forced my legs apart, settling tighter against my frame, my breath hitching. “Humans want to be gods. To be worshiped like that. I don’t need a reason for my kind to revere me. They already do. I am their alpha.” He said it like a fact, not bragging. “Plus, I only want one to fall to her knees in reverence.” 
My lids narrowed. “Is that the kind of king you are? To force a woman to her knees?”
A deep chuckle came from him, vibrating through my body. I clamped my teeth together to stop a soft moan from escaping. I felt him press into me, the threat of death spiking through my veins; every nerve in my body was alive. 
“The answer to your two questions, Red, and I kill men for fewer reasons than that. Not all your precious humans are innocent, and I take great pleasure in gutting the ones who think women are their playthings.” His upper lip rose in disgust. “And second, since I was young, I’ve never needed to coax a woman into my bed or onto her knees. They come very willingly. Sup women can be very aggressive in what they want. And all of them return for more.”
I scowled, trying to fight the rush of lust at his words. Purely by his sexual aura, I had no doubt he had women fighting to be in his bed.
Riley… I growled at myself. He’s about to slice your throat and you’re thinking about ripping off his pants.
“This turn you on?” I spat, tilting my hips roughly into him. “The kill gets you off?”
“Yes. Just like it does you.” His grip tightened on me. “But I warn you to stop doing that.”
Something in me wanted to provoke him. I rubbed against him harder.
“Stop.” His eyes flared.
“Why?” I taunted, repeating my movements. His hips rolled with me, his cock hard and pulsing against me.
“Riley. I. Said. Stop.”
I laughed, sounding menacing and wild. I didn’t stop.
“I am warning you.” He growled, carving the knife deeper into my flesh; a warm trickle of blood leaked down my neck. I was demented, because it seemed to turn me on more. “I am about to do something reckless.”
“What? Kill me?” I bucked my body against his, glaring at him. 
“No, this.” He flung the blade out over the cliff, his free hands curling around my face as his mouth crashed down on mine. Ferocious and ruthless.
This was so wrong, but desire exploded in my chest as if nothing else in the world had been right until now. Fire engulfed me, his lips searing into mine, and I grabbed his shirt, not knowing if I was trying to shove him off or pull him closer.
A deep growl hummed in Grayson’s throat, his teeth nipping at my bottom lip. 
Everything became muddled in my mind. Want took over my body. Clutching him closer, my mouth fiercely met his, deepening our kiss, my tongue flicking in his mouth. It was odd, the excitement of kissing someone new, but with a strange familiarity, like we both knew exactly what the other liked. My hips widened, and the sound of my dress tearing farther up the slit allowed him to be closer between my legs. They wrapped around his hips, tugging him against me.
“Bloody hell,” he muttered against my mouth. “What is happening?”
I could not answer that. There was no logic. Only need. Desire. Desperation. If I didn’t feel him inside me, I would combust. 
His hands moved down my ass, rolling us over, relieving me of his weight, though I had liked it. A lot.
This is when you should be running, Riley. You have the upper hand. The voice came into my head and was promptly shoved back out. Leaving was the last thing I wanted to do. An ache so strong I pressed deeper into him, our hips rocking together, the few layers of clothing between us irritated my skin. I wanted to feel him naked and bare against me. My entire body trembled with need. 
What are you doing? This is so wrong. 
But it was like I was spelled, lust controlling me instead of my head. My knees dug into the grass, using the steady ground to move against him, hands moving up his torn T-shirt, greedily exploring his unbelievable powerful and ripped torso. 
The music from the ball drifted out of the castle, colliding against the waves crashing below us. Guests stirred near the exits, talking and laughing, the fog doing very little to disguise us. We could be caught at any moment.
A thrill had me biting down on my bottom lip, his hands gliding over my ass and moving around, noticing the split tearing higher along the seam of my dress.  
“Fuuuuck.” He grabbed the back of my head with one hand, gripping my hair roughly. “You aren’t wearing knickers.”
“This dress shows every curve.” I leaned in, tugging on his lip with a smirk.
“Yes, it bloody does.” He wrenched my hair tighter, yanking my head back, giving him access to my neck, his mouth working down, his sharp teeth scraping along my throat. Pleasure curled my toes into the blades of grass.
“What are we doing?” I gasped, loving how his painful grip sent pleasure down my spine in waves, how his mouth nipped at my throat. “We’re enemies.”
“I don’t know.” He huffed as his canines nipped the sensitive part behind my ear, commanding my lids to squeeze together. “But from the moment I saw you, I was drawn to you. And bloody hell… I wanted to shag you.”
“But this is wrong.” I breathed, losing myself to his touch, my fingers tugging at the buttons on his jeans. Oh hell’s teeth, he didn’t wear underwear either. “We hate each other. I exist to kill you.”
“It might still happen if you decide to stop this.” He tipped my head, kissing me deeply; I lost all understanding of myself. 
A picture of a forest swept through my mind. A beautiful woman with long dark hair and hazel eyes wore a long brown skirt and white blouse like they did in centuries past. She held a set of bow and arrows. In my gut, I knew she was a hunter. I could feel her lungs gasping for air as she ran through the trees, excitement of the hunt causing her adrenaline to spike. She glanced back through the shadows, and within these streaks of moonlight I could see a massive werewolf bounding toward her. She darted around a tree, hiding behind it. After a beat, she glanced around. The wolf leaped on her from the other side, shifting into a naked man as their bodies crashed to the forest floor, rolling her over to face him, pinning her arms to the earth, his legs straddling hers. I watched in horror as the wolf bared his teeth, going for her neck and biting down. But instead of the woman fighting or screaming, her back curved into him; her neck tipped to give him more access, and a moan came from her. He leaned back; only a red mark from his teeth showed on her neck. He stared down at her and this time I noticed his look was not hateful or menacing. It was love. He leaned over, their mouths crashing together. She wiggled from his grip, pulling up her skirt as he untied the front of her blouse.
Another scene flashed in my head. This time the werewolf was a woman, with the hunter by her side, both slinking through the forest as if they were hunting. Together.

What the hell?
I jerked back from Grayson, the figures fading away. Grayson stared at me, his eyes wide, his brows furrowed. Did he see the same thing?
“What was that?” we yelled together. He shook his head slightly, his face impassive. Maybe it was just me. Was I hallucinating? What the hell did they put into their alcohol at this party?
Grayson’s hands ran down the front of my dress, bringing me straight back to the present. He bit down hard on his lip, his eyes dropping to where the slit of my dress had ripped, exposing me to him. A voracious rumble burned up his throat, sending shock waves through me. What was it with him? He shouldn’t be able to undo me like this. I shouldn’t be able to overlook what he had done and why I was here.
His eyes went to mine as his fingers curled under my dress, finding me.
“Oh god.” My head fell back. All reasons to leave sprinted away. Whatever strange moment just happened was forgotten.
“There you go, trying to make me a god again.” His gaze devoured me, his fingers working me. “Though, I think we can take turns worshiping each other.”
“Yes,” I gasped, not responding to his words, but what he was doing to me. I was out of control. I needed him. Now.
Crudely shoving at his jeans, he grabbed my wrist, his gaze darting around. “Are you sure?”
Bizarrely, something in me was undeniably certain, but I didn’t trust the feeling. It was ridiculous. He was my enemy, and the very thing I had sworn to kill. But peering down at him, a truth locked onto me.
“No.” I shook my head. “But it doesn’t seem to matter.”
“Why?”
“Because I can’t seem to stop this.” I understood that more than anything. A power I couldn’t fight, nor did I want to, coiled panic around my chest. “From the moment I saw you…” I lifted an eyebrow, echoing what he said to me earlier, because I felt the same thing in every fiber of my being. “I was drawn to you… I wanted to fuck you.”
“Bloody hell, Red,” Grayson groaned. “You might get your wish after all.”
“What’s that?”
“To kill me.”




Chapter 7
Grayson


I was mostly animal. My instincts were raw and primal. But being leader, I had to control myself a lot more than others. I was ruthless, but I also had to be diplomatic with my packs and other Sups. I couldn’t kill or fuck everything I desired because the wolf wanted it, though I was pretty lax with the latter rule as long as feelings and strings stayed out of it. That was all my wolf wanted anyway—sex with no complications.
Then I saw her. 
Riley, the Red Huntress.
A Vanator.
My enemy.
Instead of wanting to kill her, my wolf wanted to take her. Badly.
And that was before I tasted her. Touched her. Saw the strange images. All of it intensified the need to be inside her. To claim her. 
What the fuck? 
A dart of fear zigzagged through my chest, pitting the logical king against the savage beast.
I yanked back my hand, my wolf growling at me, wanting more of her, not less. Pitching her on the ground, my body rolled over hers; I snarled down at her.
She stared up at me, not a wisp of trepidation, her beautiful gray eyes challenging me. It was subtle and different than anyone looking me straight in the eyes. It was an open challenge. Like she was my equal. Boldly contesting an alpha wolf was like asking for trouble. It was a dare, opposing my authority. This usually met with swift and severe punishment. There was only one alpha.
“Watch it, Red,” I growled. “I wouldn’t provoke me right now.”
“Or what?” she defied. “I am not one of your pack. I won’t roll over and show my belly.”
“Really?” I tipped an eyebrow, peering at her body underneath mine. Her stunning dress, dirty and ripped, almost completely exposed her naked body to me. “Looks like you already have.”
I was prepared for her reaction but not her strength. She appeared elegant and slight, but the Huntress had strength I had never seen. With a powerful force, she tossed me off her. Climbing to her feet, her lips curled up in a snarl. I followed her up to my feet, grinning at her puffed up and miffed as hell.
Damn, I wanted her. I didn’t even realize I was reaching for her until she knocked my hand away, stepping back.
“Stay away.” She shook her head, her hair disheveled, grass and leaves in it. I liked her even more like this. Wild. “I can’t seem to think straight when you’re touching me.”
“Same.” My muscles itched to move to her, the need to feel her overpowering me. I moved closer, like a cord reeled me in.
“Stop.” She shoved my chest. My hands curled around hers, wrenching her against me.
Equal. Partner. The wolf howled inside me, increasing my pulse. 
Sod off, wolf, I yelled back. There is no bloody way. 
“Let me go.” She squirmed against me, her voice strong, but there was no sincerity behind it. It was like I could sense her truth. Feel what she wanted. 
“No.” I gripped her tighter.
“Asshole.” She yanked her wrist, her knee inching up. 
I quickly darted out of the way. Twisting us around, I slammed her back into the castle wall. The sounds of a DJ’s music wafted out through the arches, guests strolling to the cliff, enjoying the evening. I shuffled us deeper into the shadows, flattening my body into hers. Just feeling the heat off her skin, blurred my head like I was trolled off my arse. 
“Let. Me. Go.” Her eyes blazed with life. Passion.
“Make me, Hunter. If you think yourself my equal. Strong enough to kill me, then you can certainly move me away.” I dared her, my gaze dipping to her mouth.
There wasn’t even a beat before she pulled out of my grip, her fists slamming into my gut. Unprepared for her attack, I stumbled back, shocked she was able to move so fast and easily. She pounced quickly, and I rose to retaliate. 
Riley grabbed my biceps, flipping us around, knocking me back against the wall, huffing oxygen out of my lungs. Her mouth hit mine with bruising force, her nails scraping through my hair. My body responded to hers with untamed ferocity. My hands moved up her frame, exploring every curve. Our mouths hungry and consuming, her hands tore at my clothes, like neither of us could get close enough.
Images began to assault my mind again. Wolves and hunters from long ago, from different places and times, dressed in outfits from the past. Memories which weren’t mine flooded through like a collage, showing some hunting together, some shagging, some holding hands. All in love and working in harmony.
I broke the kiss, peering at Riley. By her expression, I knew she saw the same thing. Her mouth agape, her eyes bewildered, her gaze scoured mine for answers. This didn’t make sense. Wolves and hunters, as far as I knew, were each other’s natural enemy. It was what I was taught growing up. Generations of stories and folklores had been passed down about our warring groups, along with the hatred we held for each other. The slaughtering of werewolves by hunters and our retaliation.
This didn’t make any sense.
The images should have steered me away from Riley. Got me as far from her as I could. Instead, I felt a link driving us together, craving her kiss more. To lose and find myself in her.
Her chest heaved, our mouths still only inches apart. Desire seeped off her skin, dancing on my taste buds like a delectable dessert. 
“Alpha?” I heard Reika call out for me from the castle, stepping out into the night, Alarick right by her side. “Are you out here?” It would take them mere seconds to sniff me out, their presence putting an end to this. I froze, like I was some adolescent getting caught by my parents. Sex was so natural for wolves that most did it out in the open. However, being leader, I usually took my pleasure behind closed doors. Though, once there I was very brazen about sex, especially when it became lots of females at once. My second and third had seen me in the act more times than I could count when they retrieve me. The women never meant anything more to me than a night of pleasure. Not caring Reika and Alarick saw them.
Now instinct had me wanting to protect Riley. To keep her solely mine. To not share her with anyone. 
Riley linked her fingers through mine, pulling me with her as she ran around the castle wall. I couldn’t stop a grin from hitching up the side of my mouth as we darted away like teenagers. My little cheeky huntress had the same idea. 
Spotting an arched wooden door on the side of the castle, she slipped us inside, shutting it behind us. Hunters couldn’t see in the dark like wolves, but magic gave them exceptional sight and hearing. Without light, she continued down the dark stone passage, the sides decaying and smelling dank. The glamour was kept to the main ballroom, restoring it to its former glory; the rest of the castle showed the truth of its age.
Music and the smell of alcohol and lust found me right before my vision spotted a flicker of golden light in the distance. I knew this place enough to know it led us back to the party. We got so close I could see people dancing, ball gowns sweeping the floor, the music vibrating along my spine, caressing my skin like it could touch me. 
“Stop.” I wasn’t ready to be surrounded by people. I wanted her alone.
She halted, whirling around to face me. Only with a few moments of us being apart, I was starving for her. Ached for her.
Her mouth met mine, ravenous, her lips as greedy as mine. My hands slid around her ass, picking her up, her legs hugging my hips. I rammed her against the wall, bits of stone crumbled down to the ground. Her fingers went to the buttons on my jeans, finishing where she left off.
The pictures came again as I bit and licked down her neck, our desperation for each other had me knocking around the space like a drunkard. This time I welcomed them, feeling with every image the pleasure between us grow deeper, enveloping us. Tying us together.
Her fingers found me. I sucked in a sharp breath, my gaze snapping to hers. Once again she stared at me, defying me to stop her. I wasn’t a complete nutter. She’d have to be the one to end it. I couldn’t.
“Why do I feel like I can’t stop?” she whispered hoarsely, echoing my thoughts. “Magic I can’t fight?”
“Do you want to?” I drew my nose up her neck to her ear, her body shivering at my touch.
“No,” she exhaled. “Not at all. And that should make me want to run. I can’t explain it. I need you. Now.”
She didn’t have to explain. The same power raked down my muscles, thinking it might be possible to die from blue balls. My hands glided up her body, kneading her skin.
“My, what big hands you have.” She grinned wickedly.
A laugh burst from my chest, fully willing to participate in her game. “Better to grab you with, my dear,” I muttered into her neck, nipping at her skin.
“What a big mouth you have.”
My hands slid down her stomach, reaching the split in her dress, licking my lips. “All the better to eat you with, my dear.” 
She drew in a deep breath, her eyes glazing over with lust.
“You know what else is big?” I pressed into her.
Her hands peeled my jeans over my hips, her mouth dipping by my ear. “All the better to fuck me with…”
Bloody hell.
Riley took control, forgoing any more foreplay, both of us beyond that. The call to feel her was far too loud and desperate. I lifted her, her body sinking down on mine.
“Holy. Fuck.” I heard myself roar. White blasted through my sight, pleasure so intense air halted in my lungs, my legs dipping as I felt her take me in. She cried out, her head knocking against the wall, her nails digging into my arms.
There was no secret I had a lot of sex. Incredible, mind-blowing sex. Nothing, I mean nothing, compared to this. Another plane on another universe. 
Mate. Mine. My wolf howled as we started to move together, noises and cries which sounded completely like animals came from both of us. The thought didn’t scare me. Actually, it made me plunge deeper, wanting to mark her. Is this what Reika and Alarick meant when they kept telling me there was nothing like it? That all the lovers in the world at once couldn’t get near what this felt like? I had scoffed it off thinking they hadn’t experienced incredible sex like I had.
I was a complete knobhead.
The way she felt wrapped around me…there were no words. It was a million times more than what they had told me. This girl would bring me to my knees.
Riley tore at my shirt, ripping through it like it was paper, her hips matching my ferocity, demanding more from me. I didn’t even care if the whole ball heard us. And unless it was spelled, they would. 
With every thrust it was like threads weaved around us, spiderwebs linking me to her, to the point I could feel her pleasure as much as mine, intensifying the sensation roaring through me. A deep groan came from me, my muscles trembling, my spine burning. I could feel her body tighten around mine, swear words spouting off her tongue.
“Grayson,” Riley cried out my name, her teeth biting down on my neck. Hard. Drawing blood. Unfiltered bliss, to the point it was almost painful, coursed through me; a deafening roar bellowed from me as I let go.
Then everything went black.
I was standing in a forest. A familiar couple, a wolf in human form and a hunter, stood off in the distance, laughing and touching like they couldn’t get enough. I knew I was just a viewer, watching the past play out before me.
“We have been waiting for you, Riley and Grayson.” A woman’s voice jerked my head to the side. She looked to be in her late sixties, small with white-streaked hair, familiar steel gray eyes digging into me. A massive wolf with golden eyes strolled to her side, her fingers lacing through its fur.
I sensed a presence next to me. Turning, I spotted Riley coming up to my side.
“You know us?” Riley’s eyebrows furrowed.
“Yes.” The woman smiled at her. “We are kin.” 
“Why are we here?” I looked around. “And how are we here?”
“It’s a magic only mated wolf-and-hunter pairs connect to. It’s deep in both your blood.” The woman stroked the wolf’s head. It snorted, locking his unique irises with me. My family were all leaders, each inheriting it from the line before. We all had the same golden eyes. In my gut, I knew he was a great-grandfather of mine somewhere down the line. “We’ve been waiting for a long time for you two.”
“Why?” Riley folded her arms.
“Because you’re the ones who will break the curse,” the woman replied, looking over her shoulder at the other pair oblivious to us. “We weren’t always enemies. At one time we worked together. A team. A mated pair leading both clans. A wolf and a hunter. We lived in harmony and love.”
“What?” Riley and I sputtered.
“The legends are wrong. We are supposed to be together, not against each other. We are the perfect pairing for hunting the real monsters. Together we protected the innocent.”
“But...” Riley’s head shook.
“Shush, girl.” The woman held up her hand. “You will not believe my words. You must see it for yourself. Let me show you.”
The forest seemed to shiver, and the scenery changed around us, the day altering to night. A full moon hung above the tree line, glinting on the figures before us. The same man, the wolf, leaned against a tree, but a completely different girl stood in front of him. She was a hunter, but much younger than the other woman, merely a teen. Her face looked a lot like the other girl, a younger sister, perhaps?
The wolf stroked the back of her short blonde hair as she giggled, nuzzling closer to him. I couldn’t hear what they said, but it didn’t matter, you could see the lust in their eyes, the way he kept trying to undress her.
My gaze caught a movement in the shadows, and I spotted the huntress he had been with before, her gaze locked on them, fury radiating off her body. The wolf was so keen on this younger girl, kissing and trying to disrobe her, he didn’t sense the other woman. She watched them without a sound, their grunts and moans filling the air. She never once stepped forward as her lover screwed another woman. But I could feel her heartbreak. Her love for him quickly turned into ash. 
Her mate betrayed her. 
Only one moment with Riley and I knew if I caught her with someone else, there would be nothing left of the man to identify, just scraps of flesh. And the thought of kissing another woman was like ripping my own heart out. It had been instantaneous, the connection between us, and shagging merely cemented it. 
Mine. Mate. My wolf practically purred. He wanted no other either and the thought of ever hurting her, being with someone else, had him howling under my skin.
The hurt this other woman must have experienced, watching her sister and her mate rut against a tree, had to be utterly excruciating.
The woman backed up slowly, a resolve set in her shoulders; my stomach sank. I wanted to grab the wanker and beat the crap out of him, make him see what he already had. The little girl didn’t even hold a candle to the woman he just burned.
The scene transformed again. We were now in the woman’s hut, and she sat over a boiling cauldron, muttering a chant under her breath. The smiles and life I saw earlier were gone. She was filled with hate. Vengeance.
“No.” Riley put her hand to her mouth, stepping closer, her attention on what the woman was holding. “The bloodstone.”
In the woman’s palm was a gemstone the size of a wolf’s heart, the smooth surface was dark green with red splashes threading through the rock, looking like drops of blood.
My back went rigid. The bloodstone was a werewolf’s weakness. Our kryptonite. Our curse. It was why we hated witches and hunters so much. They could wield it to their will. It gave them more power and us less. The legend was they used this to curse us. Because of this curse, on a full moon, we became vulnerable, easy to kill, by all…even humans. It was a lore we did everything to alter, by taking it on as our name, embracing it, denying any truth to the myth.
Humans used to hunt us on full moons, pitchforks in hand, decapitating and burning us, along with witches. But after centuries, my father changed the narrative of the tale, and it became more a fairy tale. 
It was anything but.
Riley could have easily killed me tonight. Anyone could have. But hardly anyone in the present day knew how vulnerable we were during a full moon.
The woman now rubbed the stone, spewing her hateful hex on it, gleeful loathing pumping into the stone.
“On this day, I curse all werewolves. On a full moon you will be susceptible to any blade by even the non-magical. Death will be painful and cruel,” she gritted through her teeth, clutching the stone over the pot. “And from this day forth, hunters and werewolves will be enemies. Our sole reason to exist is to kill the other. Mates will become adversaries, even in the afterlife they cannot be together in peace, separated in their true form for eternity,” she sneered. “Only on a full moon, by one powerful enough to love the enemy, can it be broken.” The woman dropped the stone inside the cauldron, the fire bursting underneath as though she poured gasoline on it.
In a blink she was gone; we were standing back in the forest with the old woman and the wolf. I stared at them with a newfound understanding, my gaze going to the wolf.
“You can’t shift into your human form.” It wasn’t really a question.
“No. He cannot.” The woman shook her head. “Century after century we have wandered the afterlife together, but excruciatingly we are kept apart.” The woman’s lids fluttered; the wolf nudged his head in her hand, a low growl coming from him. “Imagine being this close to her.” The woman nodded to Riley. “And never be able to be with her. Truly touch her. Laugh. Talk. Be at peace.”
Hell. Torture. Agony.
The woman smiled, seeing something in my face. “And you have known each other for a moment. With time that feeling only grows.”
“You said we could break the curse.” Red’s shoulder brushed mine.
“It’s you, Riley. You are the one we have been waiting for.”
“Me?”
“Yes. You are the only one we know strong enough to possibly break the curse, feel the bond instead of the hate.”
Riley looked up at me. I reached over, sliding my fingers down the side of her face. “Guess shagging me instead of killing me was the right choice.”
“Still have time.” She smirked back, her eyes glistening with humor. Fuck. I was completely head over arse for this woman. How the hell did that happen?
Riley faced the woman. “But didn’t I already break it?”
“You have to know it, girl. Feel it in your bones,” the woman said. “Give over to it.”
“What do you mean?” Riley swallowed, her nervous energy running up my arm.
The woman smiled, twisting back into the forest, the wolf at her side.
“Wait. What do I have to feel?” Riley stepped after her, but they vanished in the shadows.
Like a punch to the gut, I was tossed back, the forest around me disappearing.
I gasped for breath, my vision clearing around me. I lay on the ground, the cobblestone digging into my back. Riley straddled me, connected, our bodies still responding to our release. Her fingers dug into my arms, her lungs grappling for oxygen. Music pulsed around us, the noise and smells of the party bulldozing my senses, bringing me back to earth.
“Hell’s teeth…” Riley heaved out, her wide eyes meeting mine. “What just happened?”
“Think we were just shanghaied by dead mates of the past.” I struggled to regain my breath, my muscles spasming from the intensity of the affair, leaving me shattered. “That was seriously fucked up.”
“I hope you’re not talking about the sex.” Riley grinned down at me.
“Oh, hell no, Red.” I shook my head, gripping her back and pulling her down, my lips brushing hers. “That was everything right. Even without being dragged into a strange field trip, I think I blacked out there for a bit.”
“It was intense.” She brushed her mouth over mine.
I chuckled, brushing a lose strand of hair off her face. That was an understatement. “You bit me.”
“Yeah, I don’t know where it came from. I just had this need.” It was how wolves claimed each other. It was another way to mark. She didn’t even realize what she had done.
“Need?”
She sat back, biting her lip. 
“Tell me.”
“To claim you.” She shrugged a shoulder.
Fuuuuccckkk.
She was twisting me around her finger even more. I was done. I came here tonight to have a little fun, relax, get laagered, and have random sex. Instead I was leaving with my arse completely owned.
By the Red Huntress.
“Riley.” I spoke her name slowly, sitting up, taking her with me. “There is nothing I want more than to claim you back.” I cleared my throat, wanting her to understand the severity of this. “If I bite you, draw blood, there’s no going back. To a wolf that is final. Having my mark on you is a signal to all of us. You are mine. My mate.”
She breathed in, her throat rolling with anxiety. She stayed silent for a full minute, spiking fear through me. What if she said no? I was already barking mad for this girl. A bleeding wanker.
She inhaled, lifting her chin, expression void of apprehension.
“Okay.”
“What?” I gaped. “Are you sure?”
“Bite me, asshole.”




Chapter 8
Riley


I was never one to believe in love at first sight or any of that soul mate crap. That was a fairy tale to me. I was a realist. A hunter. Love never was even a blip on my radar. I was so focused on training and revenge, love seemed like a silly thing for young girls. 
My limbs had once been covered in my parents’ blood, as I wailed over their bodies, the smell of smoke, searing up my nostrils, knowing I only had a moment to say goodbye and to hold them before I’d be joining them in their permanent grave. In one night I had grown up fast. Watching my parents gutted, my house burn down, and knowing the magic I felt creeping into my bones was because they were dead. In one year, I went from an innocent girl to the ruthless Red Huntress.
I liked being her. There was no way I’d stop. She was who I was now. But I realized, staring at the sexy rugged man underneath me, I’d been covering up much pain and loneliness. His golden eyes flamed with affection, feeling like home. He was the warm fire guiding me back. It was a switch of a light. The connection I felt in my bones to him was deep and profound, as if it had been inside the whole time waiting for us to meet.
If what we both experienced through the vision was true, the hunter and alpha belonged together. Soul mates.
It was crazy to think wolves and hunters used to be allies. Lovers. Family. But I knew it in my bones. The lies washed away, leaving the truth. And I sensed I had finally come home.
It wasn’t merely the sex, which felt like the world had ended and begun at the same time. There were no words to explain it. Unbelievable or mind-blowing seemed cliché and didn’t even get close to how we came together. It changed me. Altered everything. 
Did I forgive him for my parents? Not exactly. That would take much more time. But being connected to him so profoundly, I could feel he told the truth. The skins hanging on the walls were proof. By law, he was in the right. If the werewolves had done this to the hunters’ children there would have been genocide on the packs. I’d be a hypocrite if I accepted what my parents did but wouldn’t endure the wolves slaughtering our children on the same biased hate. 
My world had been flipped upside down in a matter of hours, and I knew I had a lot to work out. But if the sensation in my chest, the butterflies looping around in a whirlwind in my stomach, told me anything, soul mates might be real. It didn’t matter if I technically knew him a few hours; in my blood I had known him forever.  
“Last time I ask, Riley.” He gripped my back, his eyes dancing between mine, searching. My thumb skated over Grayson’s bottom lip as I straddled him on the floor of the decomposing castle, and nothing was more perfect. Could you love someone so quickly?
“The woman said it was up to me to break the curse.” My other hand stroked his jaw. “Marking me is my way of giving over to it. Letting you in.” Anxiety started to slither up my throat, and my heart skipped at what I was saying to him…laying my heart out on the table, giving up control that someone could hurt me. 
“You’re scared.” His hand went to my heart. “I can feel it. Smell, and taste your panic.”
“Of course I’m scared.” A huffed laugh twirled off my tongue. “You’re not?”
“No.” He replied with such strength and conviction, it wrapped around me like a blanket. “Did I come here tonight thinking I would walk out with my mate? Hell no. I liked my life. Loved the freedom of having different women when I wanted. No strings or commitments.”
“This is supposed to be helpful?” I pulled my hands back, frowning.
“Let me finish.” A bad-boy grin hinted on his mouth, his hands cupping my face. “I feel like I finally woke up. Everything is brilliant now. I thought what I had before was great…until you came along, and now all that before is mediocre and empty at best.” His fingers gripped firmer into my jaw. “You can wait, walk away tonight. Your choice. But this will happen, Riley. I know it in my gut we are meant to be together. We will bring in the new reign of hunters and werewolves. Restore the harmony between our groups. You and I will lead as equals.” His mouth skimmed up my throat. “And then we’ll go back to our house and I will fuck you every night…morning…afternoon. Let’s just say it will be a lot.”
A snicker puffed my chest, my shoulders relaxing. I saw it too. Felt the same in my gut; it was still hard to let go. Fear was a strong opponent. But I understood being “claimed” wasn’t losing myself to a man. It was merely strengthening our bond, making us a unified front. I would still be me. Still be a huntress.
I understood what the older woman said. I needed to feel this in every fiber of my being, be willing to give myself over to it.
To love.
It was the most terrifying thing I had ever faced, but peering at Grayson, I knew it was right.
“Mark me,” I whispered, tipping my head. “Claim me, Grayson.” I had already left my sign on the curve of his neck. He was mine. Now it was time to let down the walls and let us be equals. I wasn’t solely doing it for the past wolves and hunters being kept a part by the curse or for either of our clans. I was doing it for me. For us.
He didn’t hesitate or ask again. He palmed my neck, cradling my head as his mouth moved to my ear, nipping down my neck. I could feel his canine teeth lengthen, his nails curving into claws, his excitement pressing against my thigh. He took his time, kissing my throat and chest. Heat tingled through my nerves, my breath becoming quick. A touch of his mouth and I was like a raging fire again, shaking with lust. Was this what it would always be like between us? If so, I was all in.
“Grayson,” I whimpered, my body starting to move against him. I had no idea how I was already eager again after just a few minutes, but I was. Inching up, I slide down on his cock, creating a deep growl from him. If it was possible, it felt even better than last time. This time I picked up more on our combined pleasure, escalating every sensation. We lost ourselves, not caring about the world still going on around us. Our movements frantic and violent, walking the cusp.
“I love you.” The moment I uttered the revelation, letting the last morsel of my fear go, he bit down on my shoulder, both his bottom and top sinking into my flesh, breaking my skin. I screamed as we fell off the precipice together. 
Like a burst of power exploded outside us, the weight of the curse I didn’t even know I could feel snapped inside, my head filling with images. 
The old woman opened her arms as the wolf shifted into an older gentleman, both running for each other, kissing passionately. More snapshots of others I didn’t recognize but knew were spirits of cursed mates ran for their beloved, crying with happiness. The woman who had created it stood on the far end, staring at me. A slow smile turned up her mouth; she gave me a nod, then turned into the forest and disappeared.
“Thank you, Riley. Grayson.” The old woman nodded at us, still hugging the man she was denied for so long. Peace settled on her features.
Grayson took my hand, both of us smiling back, before their world vanished again and we were pushed out into nothing, tumbling into space where only pure bliss greeted us. 
Reality came hurtling back, the cry still on my lips, my heart pummeling my ribs. I inhaled sharply, peering down at Grayson. He looked as dazed and spent as I. 
We couldn’t speak, regaining our breaths, but he tipped his head into mine, his hands running up and down my back gently.
“If this is what shagging you is going to always be like, I’m truly going to be rubbish at being king.” He nuzzled into my neck, kissing the bite mark he left. Blood still trickled from the crescent-moon-shaped bite, but being a Sup, I healed fast. “I can tell you are going to be an addiction I’m never going to want to stop overdosing on.” 
“Same.” I pressed my mouth to his quickly, feeling light and happy.
“Good thing since you’re now stuck with me.” He nodded at the bleeding mark he left. “It will heal but will always be there. A silver scar letting everyone know you’re mine.”
His statement didn’t frighten me at all. My finger went to his neck, caressing the wound I left on him. It was right above the collar of his T-shirt, and I liked it would be out for all to see. Mine. 
He shifted me off his lap, both of us standing, straightening ourselves out. I started to laugh, my appearance coming to the castle was composed, elegant, and sexy, every move confident and controlled. Now I was a mess. My dress was in tatters, and I was covered in blood, scrapes, dirt, my hair a rat’s nest, and my heels long gone.
“You look fucking sexy.” He moved up to me, clutching my hips. “Even lovelier than before.”
I snorted, my head shaking, snaking my hands up his biceps. “I’m a disaster, but I’m okay with that.”
“Me too.” He leaned over, kissing me.
“We did it. We broke the curse. A hex I didn’t even know existed.” I shook my head. “I can’t believe hunters and werewolves used to be comrades, but now, maybe because the spell is gone, it feels like the most natural thing in the world. We really are a perfect match. What the hunter lacks, the werewolf excels at, and vice versa.”
“I agree.” Grayson nodded. “But we still will have a lot of work to do. Curse or not, there are decades of hate and prejudice to overcome. It won’t happen overnight. But I think with you and me, mated alphas, we’ll at least start to change things.”
I grinned up at him, knowing there was nowhere else I wanted to be but by his side, bringing understanding and respect between the two foes, while working together to protect humans from the real monsters. Even if that was other humans.
A shift in the music floated down the passage, the singer from earlier was back on stage. Her sultry vocals coiled around us.
“Would you like to dance, huntress?” He held out his palm to me with a cheeky grin.
“It would be my pleasure, wolf.” I clasped my hand over his. Threading our fingers, he turned us down the hall, the magic from the ballroom prancing on my skin like show horses. We stepped out onto the dancefloor, hand in hand. I felt like a different person from when I stood with him here earlier. Was it only a few hours ago? 
He chuckled, jerking his head at his two guards stopping short, their eyes bugging out, mouths parting in shock as they took us in.
“You are going to make things very interesting, Red.” He circled me around, pulling me against him, one hand on my back, the other twined with my fingers, his mouth splitting in a smile. “And I’m going to love every second of it.” 
Gorgeous women, men, and monsters in exquisite attire glided over the dance floor around us, giving us strange looks at our ragged appearance, my bare feet squeaking over the wood floor. Grayson nodded at a good-looking man in a designer tux moving in next to us, like he knew him, his partner looking stunning and impeccable in a long black dress, her wings fluttering behind, long black-and-blue hair shimmering in the light. Being next to them, our bedraggled appearance stood out even more. But I couldn’t care less. It strangely fit us. We weren’t elegant or glamorous. We were raw and physical. 
Hunter and werewolf.
I stared up, seeing nothing but him. Us. Our future. Happiness glowed around us, our grins almost painful. But neither of us could stop smiling, laughing, touching, or staring at each other.
“This is the best ball. Ever.” I wrapped my arms around his neck, our bodies swaying to the music.
“Ehh.” He shrugged a shoulder. “There’s been better. Need to talk to whoever runs this shindig…going downhill. They let anyone in now.”
“Shut up.” I laughed as he grinned, his mouth finding mine. 
Grayson was right. We would have a lot of wars to fight on our terrain, but in my heart I knew together we could do anything.
They call me Red.
I am a huntress.
And now I will hunt with the werewolf by my side. 

Also By Stacey

Contemporary Romance

Buried Alive

Blinded Love Series
Shattered Love (#1)
Pezzi di me (Shattered Love)—Italian
Broken Love (#2)
Twisted Love (#3)

The Unlucky Ones
(Má Sorte—Portuguese)

Royal Watch Series
Royal Watch (#1)
Royal Command (#2)

Smug Bastard

Paranormal Romance

Darkness Series
Darkness of Light (#1)
(L’oscurita Della Luce—Italian)
Fire in the Darkness (#2)
Beast in the Darkness (An Elighan Dragen Novelette)
Dwellers of Darkness (#3)
Blood Beyond Darkness (#4)
West (A Darkness Series Novel)

Collector Series
City in Embers (#1)
The Barrier Between (#2)
Across the Divide (#3)
From Burning Ashes (#4)

Lightness Saga
The Crown of Light (#1)
Lightness Falling (#2)
The Fall of the King (#3)
Rise from the Embers (#4)

A Winterland Tale
Descending into Madness (#1)
Ascending from Madness (#2)
Beauty in Her Madness (#3)
Beast in His Madness (#4)

Savage Lands Series
Savage Lands (#1)
Wild Lands (#2)
Dead Lands (#3)
Bad Lands (#4)
Blood Lands (#5)


About The Author



USA Today Best Selling Author, Stacey Marie Brown, is a lover of hot fictional bad boys and sarcastic heroines who kick butt. She also enjoys books, travel, TV shows, hiking, writing, design, and archery. Stacey swears she is part gypsy, being lucky enough to live and travel all over the world.
She grew up in Northern California, where she ran around on her family’s farm, raising animals, riding horses, playing flashlight tag, and turning hay bales into cool forts. 
When she’s not writing, she’s out hiking, spending time with friends, and traveling. She also volunteers helping animals and is eco-friendly. She feels all animals, people, and the environment should be treated kindly.



To learn more about Stacey or her books, visit her at:

To learn more about Stacey or her books, visit her at:

Author website & Newsletter: www.staceymariebrown.com  

Facebook Author page: www.facebook.com/SMBauthorpage  

Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/smariebrown/_saved/  

TikTok: https://www.tiktok.com/@staceymariebrown

Instagram: www.instagram.com/staceymariebrown/  

Goodreads: www.goodreads.com/author/show/6938728.Stacey_Marie_Brown  

Her Facebook group: www.facebook.com/groups/1648368945376239/  

Bookbub: www.bookbub.com/authors/stacey-marie-brown
