


The Grotto Surprise
By Kim Thomas

Smashwords Edition 2020
Published by Kim Thomas

Please be advised that some of this material is explicit therefore not suitable for minors.

COPYRIGHT
Thank you for downloading this eBook.
Although this is book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, scanned or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Quotes used in reviews are the exception. No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own free copy at their favourite eBook retailer.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

Contents
The Grotto Surprise
Current books by Kim Thomas
Connect with Kim Thomas

The Grotto Surprise

I cannot believe I am back here, living with my parents!
At least I am not physically living with them which is a slight relief as I was living on the cabin my father had built on his land, I am not sure a woman of my age would be habitable to live with after I had lived for years on my own!
I had also managed to secure a seasonal job even if it was in a bloody grotto and my uniform was a Mrs Santa Claus outfit that I would not try on until tomorrow when I started the role. 
Can you imagine if the bloody outfit did not fit me? That would be a great start to my job there!
Unpacking the last boxes from my old car, I looked around the cabin which was much smaller than my top floor apartment that I had no choice by to move out from as I could no longer afford to live there.
I thought my job was safe from the economic crash, but I was naive as none of our jobs were safe, at least everyone had been let go not just me, we were all in the same predicament which made me feel a little bit less lonely and sorry for myself.
Taking out the fairy lights and solar lights from one of the boxes, I began draping them inside the cabin and on the decking.
I wanted to give my temporary home a festive warming feeling which I was sure the lights would achieve. I needed a bit of light in my life now given the situation.
By the fire my mum had already put me up a Christmas tree that her and dad had taken from their farm which she had decorated in a minimalistic manner with simple white and silver decorations which was perfect for me, I was not the kind of person who loved extravagancy, I am quite the introvert. 
After finishing with the lights, I walked into the kitchen area and looking in the kitchen cupboards, my mum had also purchased all my favourite food and drinks as well as other important accessories such as for cleaning and laundry.
Taking a box to the bedroom I was also pleasantly surprised to find a festive stag duvet set as well as a mini Christmas tree, mum had clearly wanted to make me feel welcome which I loved her for.
I jumped when my phone started to ring in my pocket and when I looked, I was pleasantly surprised to find it was Ace, my best friend.
“Hey bitch as you are back let’s go for cocktails, I know a great place!” Ace excitedly screamed down the phone at me.
“I do not feel up to it plus I have lots to unpack” I sighed miserably.
“Shut up, I am on my way in an Uber” Ace said and hung up.
Looking down at my outfit I was a little glad I had chosen to wear a warm tartan dress, at least I wouldn’t stand out like a sore thumb at the cocktail bar. 
10 minutes later the Uber pulled up and looking out the window I saw Ace running up the cabin stairs and begin to hammer on my door.
“Alright keep your fake nails on!” I shouted.
Opening the door Ace squealed with delight and launched herself into my arms.
I had physically missed Ace, chatting on Zoom was not the same as having her in my arms with her overpowering perfume.
“Let’s go bitch” Ace exclaimed.
Locking up the door I got into the Uber and we both whizzed off to the cocktail bar.

The cocktail bar was packed but Ace was clearly a regular as she managed to get us a private corner booth by simply gesturing at the bar man who nodded and pointed to the booth area.
As Ace went to get us cocktails at the bar, I admired the cocktail bar which was lively but also quite eloquent. 
The tables were all black marble; they had plush purple seats: and the room was completely decorated with ceiling and floor lights. It was quite a magical place; I was secretly glad Ace had kidnapped me tonight.
Ace returned to the booth laden with a variety of cocktails and had a big smirk on her face.
“I have an idea” Ace excitedly whispered to me over cocktails.
“Oh god” I sighed and took a sip of the sugary heart attack drink she had bought me.
“Let’s use your current situation to bag you a boyfriend” Ace said clapping her hands together like a seal.
Seal is probably harsh more like a toddler who had been given their wish list on Christmas Day.
“No, it is bad enough I lost my job and now am back at the parents, working in a grotto as every single character you can imagine” I explained.
“Oh god lighten up; you could meet a billionaire” Ace dreamily said.
“In a Santa’s grotto in a garden centre? More like an elderly spinster” I scoffed.
“You know that cafe is used for business meetings and all that crap” Ace excitedly said.
‘All that crap?’ I growled.
Clearly Ace forgot that all that crap used to be my day job before the world went to shit and my job along with it.
“Ace no” I firmly said.
“Erin please” Ace begged.
Arching my eyebrows “are you asking me for me or for you?”
“Don’t be so miserable” Ace whined.
“I have lost my job; moved from the city; live in my parents’ backyard: and my new work outfit is a Mrs Santa Claus dress which will probably make me look like a hooker” I sighed, sipping on my drink again.
“At least I am sure you can pull off the outfit, although how are you going manage to squeeze your tits into the outfit?” Ace laughed.
“I have not checked yet as I have not seen the outfit, but I have a plan” I said unsurely.
“Sellotape? Bandages? Superglue?” Ace chuckled.
“Sports bra or a balconette bra, I am hoping they will fit in” I sighed miserably.
“You will be fine, I cannot wait to see you in your costume” Ace excitedly said, clapping her hands together.
Tossing the drink back I was suddenly very tired, the journey from Oxford had been a long drive with lots of idiots on the roads.
“I am tired, can we go home?” I asked, giving Ace my best puppy dog eyes.
“Fine, only because I love you” Ace tossed back her drink and stood up.
Walking to the door Ace touched my elbow to stop me.
“I know this will sound selfish, but I am glad that your live imploded and you came back home as I have my bestie back” Ace sincerely said.
Smiling I gave Ace a big hug, I was secretly glad that I was closer to her also, I needed Ace now.
Tapping the Uber app on my phone the driver confirmed he was 5 minutes away.
“God, I love apps” Ace said looking over my shoulder.
“Me too, you tap and like a genie a car appears” I laughed gesturing to the Uber driver pulling into the road near the cocktail bar.
“Do you remember the days when we used to get taxis on our own?” Ace asked, leaning against the wall.
“Yeah what idiots we were” I sighed; how different things were these days. 
Now if you went into a taxi or Uber, they usually had a camera and were always tracked on the app in case anything happened to the occupants of the car. 
Every aspect of our lives was tracked now which kept us safe but also kept us monitored. 
Getting into the Uber Ace leant her forehead on my shoulder and for a moment I agreed with her that I was glad my life exploded just to be with Ace again.

Waking up early the next morning I was more excited than I expected for the first day of the garden centre.
Getting into my old car I realised how cold the car was in the morning therefore made a mental note to ensure I warmed up the car in the morning. 
Pulling up at the garden centre I saw my new boss Brian waiting for me just inside the entrance of the garden centre, checking the clock I was early which was a great impression on the first day.
“Erin, welcome to our garden centre!” my new boss Brian opened the door and welcomed me inside.
The garden centre did not look like Christmas and I could not see a Santa’s grotto which would be where I would be working which confused me.
However, as Brian and I walked into the café area I found the reason why, the Christmas decorations including a dismantled grotto was laid out and a young boy, older women and a tanned man were all looking down at the decorations looking worried.
“Everyone this is Erin. Erin this is my wife Susan, our Santa Ricardo and my younger son Kent” Brian introduced us.
“Pleasure dear” Susan came up to me and gave me hug.
“You are a beauty mademoiselle” Ricardo said kissing me on the cheek.
Kent stood looking awkward trying not to meet my eye but at least he nodded at me.
“Are you ready to decorate the garden centre? We are opening late today for the grotto opening” Brian excitedly said clapping his hands together.
“Delightful” I said and genuinely I was excited about decorating the garden centre, it made the job feel slightly more personal.
“We would have had an extra hand, but my eldest son is stubborn” Susan joked.
“More like an asshole” Kent grumbled.
“Kent” Susan scowled but Kent was smirking at me and I was smiling back.
We all set to decorating the garden centre in teams with Kent and I being on the grotto and attached Christmas forest.
“Do you like music?” Kent asked me.
“Sure, I am not fussy I will literally listen to anything” I said picking up a small tree which I put at the front of the forest. 
Kent took out his phone and the Kaiser Chiefs started to play.
“How come you are not at school?” I asked.
“Holidays obviously” Kent scoffed.
I laughed at his attitude, how I missed when I was his age and could get away with that attitude. 
“You are not what I expected” Kent admitted.
“What were you expecting?” I asked, standing back and admiring the small forest that was developing.
“You are too…sophisticated for a job like this” Kent truthfully said.
“I lost my job in the city because of the economic crisis, this job was the perfect fit while I decide what I want to do in the new year” I admitted to Kent.
“Cool that makes sense, I have no idea what I want to do when I leave school” Kent sighed.
“What subjects do you enjoy at school?” I asked, putting the last few trees of the forest up.
“Maths, Statistics, Graphics” Kent excitedly explained.
“Accountancy might be a good fit or even data science” I suggested.
Kent took out his phone and started tapping away while I started assembling the grotto.
“There is a college course on Accountancy with Data Science as a secondary subject, I might have a look later. Thank you, Erin, you are much easier to talk to then my brother, he acts like he doesn’t like me” Kent sadly said.
“How old is your brother?” I asked, assembling the roof.
“28, his name is Austin and he has his own business. Mum and dad are so proud” Kent said in a bored voice.
“I expect they are proud of both of you” I reassured Kent who shrugged at me “Are you going to help or moan about your brother?” I joked.
“Rude” Kent said before laughing and helping me with the grotto.
With Kent’s help we managed to finish the assembling of the grotto in 15 minutes and then started assembling Santa’s sleigh. 
Santa’s sleigh proved to be a bit like a flat pack furniture assembly with no instructions however after we persisted, we successfully assembled the sleigh.
“Where are the internal decorations like presents?” I asked Kent who shrugged.
Walking out of the newly assembled forest I went on a hunting trip for presents and a chair for Santa’s chair.
I found an area with ‘rejects for rubbish’ which included a red high back chair; a variety of boxes; wallpaper with an assortment of prints: and craft accessories including ribbons. 
I picked up some tape on the way back to the grotto and when I reached the grotto Kent was sat on Santa’s seat in the sleigh looking rather bored.
“Fancy a bit of wrapping?” I asked throwing the goodies from my treasure hunt on the floor.
Kent laughed but picked up a box before he began decorating.
I sat next to him and we proceeded to decorating the boxes with the ribbon and wallpaper to make them look like presents. I also managed to make a large box which we wrote ‘Santa’s Presents’ where we would put the presents for the children in who visited the grotto.
Standing back, Kent and I admired out handiwork.
“Team” we both said at the same time and laughed.
This had been a great start to my seasonal job at the garden centre.

“This is your outfit” Brian gestured to the Mrs Santa Claus dress.
“Thank you” I cautiously said. 
Picking up the outfit I was relieved that Brian had managed to get my size which I told him at the phone interview. 
The dress itself looked quite nice but would certainly be fitted around my bust area.
“I will leave you to go and get changed, Susan has provided you with stockings” Brian said gesturing to the box and quickly left me on my own. 
Locking the office door, I took off the tags and started to put on the Mrs Santa Claus outfit which I realised was amazing quality. The inside was lined with plush soft material and the dress itself was the perfect thickness. 
The dress not on for me perfectly but moulded to my shape. The only issue was the dress was shorter than my knees, but I had hoped the stockings would at least give me a bit of modesty.
Looking in the mirror I felt better now I had seen the outfit, now I was ready to start my first shift.

The grotto opened for the first time and there were already three children and their parents waiting in the line.
“Hello welcome to Flanders Grotto, that will be £3 please” I said and after the mother paid me £3 the pigtailed blonde girl went into the grotto.
I felt thrilled that I had served my first customer! 
The morning flew by and I had a mini panic attack when I realised, I had not checked with Brian to where I would be able to have lunch.
“Ricardo?” I asked and entered the grotto.
“Yep” Ricardo said.
“Where do we have lunch?” I asked.
“The café is quite good, and Susan gives us food for free, I have a ciggy break. I really should give up my husband hates when I smoke” Ricardo sighed.
“He is right” I said.
“Don’t you start missy; I might actually join you for lunch and then go for a ciggy” Ricardo said.
Standing up Ricardo stretch, and his back cracked which made me laugh.
“Old men crack their backs” I joked.
Ricardo poked his tongue out to me and we both walked together to the café.
We went to the counter and Susan beamed at us.
“Hello you two! What can I get you?” Susan asked.
“I will have a ham and cheese panini, Erin you need to have Susan’s ham and cheese panini’s oh and her signature hot chocolate. Actually, let’s take two of both” Ricardo excitedly said.
Susan laughed and went to prepare our order.
I took out my purse ready to pay Susan, but she shook her head vehemently at me.
“Free for colleagues” Susan said pushing my purse back at me.
“Are you sure?” I asked a little concerned.
“Put your purse away trouble” Susan joked.
Susan put our order in front of us and it smelt divine!
“Yummy” I sighed with pleasure.
“Thank you, Susan,” Ricardo said and lead me over to a spare table.
Sitting down together we both moaned when we took a bite of the panini.
“Oh my god this is incredible” I groaned through a mouth full of panini.
“Very attractive” Ricardo laughed.
“I am a lady of course” I sarcastically said and sipped on the cocoa which also was incredible.
“Tell me about you then” Susan came over and sat next to Ricardo.
“There isn’t much to know to be honest” I quietly said.
“How come you are here?” Ricardo asked.
“I lost my job in the city because of the recession and couldn’t afford my life in the city therefore I now live on my parents farm and work here. I haven’t even decided what I want to do next year which is only a week away” I finished and felt a knot in my stomach.
Susan reached out and touched my arm.
“You will, if nothing is right then it isn’t the end. You will find a solution you just need to believe in yourself” Susan reassured me.
“Thank you” I smiled at Susan who smiled at me back.
“Plus, you get to work with a stallion” Ricardo exclaimed.
“Where?!” I sarcastically said before laughing.
Ricardo kicked me under the table and Susan laughed before going to serve the customers lining up.
“You nearly finished? Down that cocoa and I will go for a ciggy, meet you back at the grotto in 10minutes” Ricardo said before running off out of the café.
Even though originally, I didn’t want to be here in this job, I was started to feel at home and knew that my time at the grotto would be interesting and homely at least.

“Hi Erin, how was your first day” Kent came up to the grotto and asked me as I was putting away the grotto equipment.
“Great thank you, how was your day?” I asked.
“My brother is a jackass” Kent sighed.
“I am not sure you are supposed to call him a jackass” I laughed as I moved the presents to the back of the grotto.
“Seriously he steals my shit” Kent flopped on Santa’s chair and began to pick the arms.
“Ricardo wipes his snot there” I said and laughed when Kent jumped up with a disgusted look on his face “only kidding, you should see your face.”
Kent laughed along with me when I heard a rumble of what sounded like a jumped-up car come into the parking bay close to the grotto.
“Great my asshole brother” Kent sighed and picked up his backpack.
The red sports car pulled up and its owner exited who was the hottest guy I had seen in a long time. 
His hair was draped over his face and as he moved his hair out his eyes the light of the grotto and garden centre made it shimmer; he was dressed in a leather jacket, skinny jeans and army boots: and his eyes Jesus Christ I had never seen blue like his eyes.
“Erin, hello, Erin” Kent pinched me making me jump to my senses.
“Are you coming, squirt?” Kent’s brother asked him without glancing my way. 
“Erin this is Austin unfortunately my brother, Austin this is Erin she works with dad” Kent introduced us.
I held out my hand to greet Austin who did not take it.
“Whatever let’s go” Austin growled, and I put my hand to the side of my body, hiding my embarrassment.
“See jerk, I’ll see you tomorrow” Kent said, and we fist pumped before he went to his brother’s car.
“See you Kent” I said walking to my old yet reliable car.
Whoever Austin was, Kent was right he was a jackass.

Looking at my watch I waited for Brian to turn up, he kept telling me on my first day that he was never late before as he was always early.
The red sports car from the night before pulled into the parking area and I had a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach.
Parking in Brian’s spot Austin got out the car wearing the same clothes as last night.
“Dad has flu, you have me until he gets better. Mum will be in later to open up the cafe” Austin explained without looking at me.
Following him in nervously into the garden centre it was pitch black therefore I walked into him as I didn’t know Austin had stopped walking.
“Fuck sake watch where you are going dumbass” he growled.
“Sorry” I quietly said and ran off to the grotto area to avoid him.

I managed to avoid Austin all day even if he did linger by the grotto like a fly. 
However, when it was time for my lunch, I went to find him and saw him with his head in his hands in his dad’s office.
Knocking on the door I said “Hi I am off to lunch”
“Fine” Austin sighed miserably.
I stood there for a moment wondering what to do, in the two interactions we had with each other Austin had been a jerk, but something compelled me not to walk away while he was miserable.
“Are you ok? Do you need some help?” I asked from the doorway.
“There is so much crap to do for accounts and admin, I don’t have this shit with my gaming business as we have something, we like to call paper bloody free” Austin grumbled.
Walking into the office I picked up the stack of paperwork and sifted through.
“Can you not scan through the accounts using a piece of software that can extract the numbers to a spreadsheet?” I suggested.
“What?” Austin asked gaping at me.
“There are lots of pieces of free or cheap software you can get whereby scanning into your PC the data on the paperwork is converted into data on a spreadsheet which you can quickly calculate and send to whomever you need to” I explained.
“What would you know you are just a grotto...whatever you are” Austin cruelly said which stung.
Throwing the paperwork down I went to leave the office when Austin stood in front of me.
“Shit sorry, this was meant to be my vacation week between 23rd December and new year, it’s not your fault I shouldn’t have said that” Austin said.
“I need to go to lunch” I said and walked around him and out of the office. 
Getting into the cafe I grabbed a free peach yoghurt and granary toast with a hot chocolate and wallowed while I sat and had them all. 
How did I go from a £25k a year job to Santa’s grotto in a costume? Bloody government and bankers messing up my life.

Later that afternoon the grotto was flowing nicely, Ricardo and I had got into the swing of things with each other and Austin had set his laptop up behind the grotto.
“Austin my man!” A guy said to Austin and fist pumped him.
“Max, Ella, Janice you guys alright?” Austin said and I looked up to find two women with E and J initial handbags and a guy with long surfer style hair. They must be Austin’s friends. 
“Who is she?” I heard the girl called Janice ask but I did not want to look up as they would know I was listening into their conversation.
“Erin” Austin answered.
“How old is she?” I heard the girl called Ella ask.
“I don’t know our age I think” Austin grumbled.
“Oh my god and she is working here dressed like that how LAME!” The girl called Janice cackled and the others including Austin laughed.
“She looks more like a stripper than a Mrs Santa Claus, hey Janice go pull up her dress to see what underwear she is wearing” the guy called said.
“Don’t be a dick” Austin snapped.
Janice made an ooh noise before saying “do you fancy her Austin?” 
“She is here to do a job so shut up” Austin snapped.
“Baby don’t listen to them” Ella cooed which made me feel physically sick.
“Why are you guys here anyway?” Austin asked sounding quite annoyed.
“Fancied your mums hot chocolate dessert” Ella said.
“Fine let’s go” Austin walked past the grotto and stopped near me “I’m off for an early break, will you be alright for a bit?” 
“Sure, it gets busier after lunch” I shrugged.
Ella and Janice were giggling and looking at me making me feel self-conscious.
“You do realise you have a tear in your stockings that makes you look like a peasant?” Janice mocked gesturing to the back of my stockings.
I didn’t look as I did not want to give them the satisfaction.
“Back in a bit” Austin said through gripped teeth.
When they had all walked into the cafe, I looked at the back of my stockings and Janice was right, I had a large tear in the left leg.
Great, this day cannot get any worse.

“No!!!!” I screamed at the steering wheel as I jammed my car key in the ignition and prayed that she would start.
Why tonight? After a VERY long day with the asshole that is Austin and his friends plus it was snowing and felt like minus bloody a hundred out here!
Getting out my car I tried to open the bonnet, but I had forgotten to pull the lever to unlock the bonnet first. Why me?!!
“Give me strength” I muttered, opening the passenger door and popping the bonnet.
I was bloody freezing; my teeth were chattering and because of this bloody dress even my private parts were frozen!
Opening the bonnet, I shined my smartphone torch in and realised that I had no fucking clue what I was looking at.
All I could see was wire, black plastic and engine parts!
“Need help sweetheart?” I heard Austin’s voice ask.
I ignored him and bent further over the bonnet when I felt his body close behind me.
“Don’t you have breakdown?” Austin asked.
Looking up I caught him smirking down at me while sucking a candy cane.
Why did Austin make sucking a candy cane so damn hot? It was simply not fair!
“I do not require your voice, opinions, help or questions” I snapped and looked back down at the engine.
“I will take you home and you can call your breakdown provider to get your car tomorrow” Austin confidently said and went to shut my bonnet, but I stopped him by holding the bonnet up.
“I. don’t. need. You. Help!” I growled through gripped teeth.
“Stubborn” Austin sighed and let go of the bonnet.
Leaning against my car he took out a cigarette which he lit.
“Do you even have breakdown?” Austin asked, taking a puff of his cigarette after casually sucking the candy cane.
“No” I quietly said
Slamming down the bonnet in frustration, I narrowly missed Austin’s fingers.
“Why do you not have breakdown? I though everyone had breakdown?” Austin asked.
“I had to stop it when I was made redundant” I admitted.
“Fuck, sorry, I didn’t think” Austin quietly said.
I felt his stare on my face and looked up.
Austin’s hair was soaked from the snow, yet he still looked like a model crossed with a bad boy. God, I hated him so much.
“I don’t need your sympathy” I snapped.
“Fuck what is wrong with you? Considering you have no money, stuck in a back-end job dressed like a slut, you certainly think you are something” Austin cruelly snarled.
Tossing his cigarette on the floor, he stabbed it aggressively with his foot.
Tears stung my eyes because he was right, I was a failure, even my bloody car wouldn’t start.
Walking back to the driver side of my car, I got back in and desperately tried the key again with no luck.
I took out my phone which was still dead, looks like I was camping here all night.
The driver side door opened, and Austin leant his body against my car.
“I will take you home” Austin firmly said.
“No” I firmly responded.
“Please” Austin pleaded.
Tears stung my eyes again as I replayed his cruel yet honest words in my mind.
“I am not getting in YOUR car” I snapped.
Slamming his hand down on my car roof Austin made me jump in the seat.
“Get in the car Erin! Do NOT make me make you!!” Austin shouted at me.
“I would like to see you tttrryy” I said, shivering from the cold.
“I am sorry for what I said, I find you quite infuriating but right now I am fucking freezing and I can see you are as your cheeks and nose are rosy red. Please get in my car” Austin calmly said.
Looking around my car I had two options to freeze to death in my car or kill Austin on the way home.
I decided the Austin option would be much more fun.
Getting my bag and key I locked my poor car and followed Austin to his car.
Getting in his car I sighed with pleasure as the warmth from the heated seats and other heaters caressed my body.
Looking over at Austin I caught his puzzled gaze, but Austin quickly looked away.
“Are you here tomorrow?” I asked Austin trying to make conversation.
“Yes, dad has flu” Austin sarcastically answered.
“I will need a lift tomorrow if that is ok”” I asked, picking at the Mrs Santa’s dress.
“Fine, pass me your mobile” Austin said and held out his hand.
Getting my mobile from my bag I passed it to Austin who entered his number and then texted him from my phone.
“You really need to get a new phone. You have my number, but I will pick you up at 8am tomorrow morning” Austin said passing me back my phone.
Something about Austin’s tone made me gaze over at him, he looked furious for some reason and was gripping the steering wheel tightly.
Another car pulled in the parking lot and I recognised it was Austin’s friend Ella’s car from earlier and I had a sinking feeling in my stomach.
“I think I would prefer to freeze to death in my car” I sighed and went to leave the car when Austin touched my knee stopping me.
It was the first time that Austin and I had physically touch and it felt like electricity was coursing through my veins.
Austin looked down at his hand on my knee with a confused look for a moment before removing his hand.
“We are leaving now, they probably saw my car that is all” Austin quietly said, moving the car away.
Pulling up next to his friends Austin wound his window down.
“Hey” Austin said.
“Hi Austin” Ella said leaning over Janice.
“I see you have the poverty run tonight” Janice cackled which Ella and Max laughed at but to my shock Austin did not.
“Catch you tomorrow” Austin said winding up the window and driving off.
Until I felt wet on my cheek, I didn’t realise that I was quietly crying, I was exhausted from the taunting and the day that I had.
Turning my head to the window I did not want Austin to see that I was crying.
“Fuck are you… fuck is you crying?” Austin asked.
Pulling over in the layby, Austin kept the engine running but undid his belt and turn to me as I heard the leather squeak.
“I am a dick” Austin quietly said.
I did not answer but my tears finally stopped falling, I doubt they were all because of Austin and his friends or because of my overall situation that I found myself in.
“Fuck say something please” Austin whispered.
“I want to go home please” I quietly said.
“Erin” Austin growled and put his hand on my knee again
Moving my knee out of his grip I huddled closer to the door, the last thing I wanted was for him to touch me.
“Fuck sake!” Austin shouted, thumping the wheel.
Austin started moving the car again.
“Where do you live?” Austin asked sounding husky.
“Eccles Farm in Mark. It is my parents place, but I live on the cabin on the farm” I explained although I was not sure why I was divulging as much information about the cabin, I guess I wanted to justify myself to him.
“Cool” Austin quietly said, turning up the music which I recognised as King of Leon and Austin drove us through the night.
In the silence of the car I took the opportunity to look over at Austin whose hair was now curly from getting wet in the snow.
I could understand why Ella was obsessed with him, he was a beautiful 28-year-old man who had a lot going for him, minus his personality.

“In here” I said pointing to the entrance of my parent’s farm.
Austin pulled in and dimmed his headlights.
“If you go down a bit further then turn left my cabin is there” I explained, pointing forwards.
“What is further down the road?” Austin asked.
“The main farm with the animals, dad built the lodge last year but never rented it out luckily” I explained.
Turning left Austin travelled down the gravelly road of the cabin and soon my brightly lit cabin was visible, I was secretly glad I decorated the lodge with solar lights as it looked magnificent.
“Wow” Austin breathed.
Stopping the car, I took my seat belt off.
Suddenly I felt awkward, what exactly would I say now.
“Thank you for taking me home” I sincerely said as even though him and his friends were cruel, I was grateful that I would not freeze to death tonight.
Running out of the car I was desperate to get inside my safe cabin.
Once inside I leant my head against the door and let out a loud scream of frustration.
My phone dinged and when I took it out of my pocket, I had a text from Austin:
See you at 8am sharpish, sleep well
The butterflies in my stomach started turning but I pushed them away, there was no way I was going to develop feelings for that jackass.

I didn’t think Austin was going to  turn up to take me to work.
Standing next to the window I had my phone out and kept checking his last message:
see you at 8am sharpish, sleep well
Even though it was only 07:55 I had my Uber app ready in case I needed it.
I knew Austin didn’t like me very much therefore I was not sure how reliable a ride he would be.
However, 07:57 and Austin’s car pulled into the cabins road and parked outside.
Grabbing my bag, I locked up the cabin door and went towards his car.
Getting into Austin’s car I was greeted by Christmas music and warmth, a perfect combination.
“Ok question time, what is your favourite Christmas song?” Austin asked me randomly.
“Good morning to you too” I laughed and put on the seatbelt.
“Favourite Christmas song?” Austin asked again.
“Has to be Fairytale of New York” I exclaimed.
Austin smirked and changed the track from frosty the snowman to fairytale of New York.
“Good choice, you look great by the way, curls in your hair suit you” Austin complemented causing me to blush.
The rest of the ride was silent apart from the variety of Christmas tunes that Austin were playing.
After my nervousness this morning about whether he would pick me up I was finding myself unusually relaxed around Austin.
Pulling into the car park however my relaxed persona quite literally froze over when I realised my car was no longer here.
“Where is my car?” I asked horrified.
“Chill I spoke to your dad using the contacts in your personal file, your dad is quite cool by the way and I got your car booked into the garage but given her age the parts are going to take a few days to come back therefore you are stuck with me” Austin explained as he parked in the parking spot reserved for his dad.
“What is wrong with her?” I asked sadly.
Looking at me I saw Austin’s eyes fill with pity as he put his hand back on my knee but this time, he stroked my knee with his hand.
“There are a few things but don’t worry the garage I use is the best” Austin reassured me.
I still was not reassured but Austin distracted me by moving a loose curl of my hair behind my ear.
“We better get going” Austin breathed.
Getting out of the car I had a feeling today was going to be another one of those days.
My poor car, I hope she was going to be okay, what a crap Christmas present to myself.

“Christ you really are a loser” Janice sniggered at me and snapped a photograph on her phone and the others started laughing including Austin.
I carried on smiling because this was my job but deep down my self-esteem felt like it was being repeatedly kicked.
“Welcome to Flanders Santa’s Grotto, here is your gift” I said to the cute little girl in pigtails who gave me a big smile and after her father gave me £3 went into the grotto.
“Do I have to go through?” Her father asked and I blushed when I saw how handsome he was.
“No if you do not want to go through you can cut through the Christmas forest which leads to the same exit as Santa’s workshop” I explained gesturing to the grottos magical Christmas forest.
“Thank you” the father said and proceeded to walk through the forest. 
“Oh my gosh she is blushing; Miss poverty is blushing at the hot dad. How lame” Ella mocked.
“Fuck guys I think you should leave my dad would do his but if he knew you were hanging out here” Austin said.
“Ok baby sees you later” Ella said.
“See you mate” Max said and all three of them walked off.
“Hello welcome to Flanders Grotto, Santa will see you now” I said to three children who went in with their plump mother who paid me £9.
“You can go to lunch in a bit, I’ll cover” Austin said, suddenly stood next to me.
“I’m fine for now” I quietly said, to be honest I was not hungry.
“Erin” Austin growled.
“Why do you act differently?” I asked.
“What do you mean?” Austin asked.
“When you are with your friends you mock me with them yet when they are not here you treat me with respect and talk to me” I explained.
Looking up at Austin he looked torn and quickly looked away from my gaze as if he didn’t want to meet my eye. 
“It doesn’t matter anyway; I know what you truly think. That I am a failure and loser because we are the same age and you run a gaming company yet I work temporary in a grotto dressed in a costume, I think I will go to lunch after all” I sighed and handed the money pouch to Austin who for once was silent.
Walking to the grotto break area I grabbed my bag and went through to the cafe where the handsome father and his daughter were eating fries and had a large cake and two hot chocolate drinks between them. 
The father looked up as I walked by and I nodded and smiled to greet him.
“Hello pretty, what can I get you?” Susan, Austin’s mum asked.
“Pot of herbal tea please, any caffeine free variety oh and a banana and apple please” I ordered.
As Susan made my order, I gazed over at the father who I noticed was checking out my outfit, I didn’t blame him as the dress was short and made me look like a curvy stripper. 
“Here you go my love” Susan put the plate down and I realised she had also given me a plain jacket potato.
“Here you go” I said, handing over £10.
“You know the rules, employees have refreshments and food for free” Susan said pushing the money back towards me.
“You are amazing” I exclaimed and went to sit down.
“Hey, do you want to join us?” I heard a man’s voice ask and when I looked up it was the voice of the handsome father.
“I wouldn’t want to intrude” I shyly said.
“You wouldn’t be intruding would she Lizzie?” He asked his daughter who shook her head while sipping on her hot chocolate.
“Thank you” I said and sat next to Lizzie.
“I’m Luke by the way” the father, Luke introduced himself.
“Erin” I smiled; gosh he was handsome.
I really needed to get laid at some point, my last boyfriend had been two years ago now and I had not been with a man since.
I was laughing at Luke’s joke when Austin suddenly appeared next to our table.
“Erin, I need you back at the grotto” Austin said.
Looking up he looked furious at me which made me both nervous and confused.
“Sorry fury calls” I said to the Luke and Lizzie.
“No worries listen here is my number, would be great to arrange drinks or dinner” Luke said jotting down his number and passing it to me.
“Thank you” I said pocketing the number and following Austin.
I expected Austin to lead me to the grotto however we ended up in his father’s office.
“Do you realise how inappropriate that was?” Austin snarled at me and slammed the office door.
“Excuse me?” I asked.
“You look cheap flirting with the punters, I expect you are going to try that with them all are you? Try and bag a man when you are dressed like a porn star” Austin growled menacingly.
Tears stung in my eyes, but I willed myself not to cry, there was no way I was going to give him the satisfaction.
“If you excuse me, I have to get back to work” I quietly said and went to leave but Austin stopped me by standing in the way.
“Fuck sorry I shouldn’t have.... you just...shit Erin I’m sorry” Austin huskily said leaning his back against the door.
“I want to get back to work” I firmly said.
“Erin” Austin growled.
“NO! You and your stupid little gang have been cruel to me since I got here for no reason whatsoever. So, what that we are the same age, yet I am in the situation that I am in. So, what if I happen to be wearing this outfit that makes me look like a hooker because they also have a job to do. And so, what if you want to judge me! I do not want to fight with you Austin, I hate confrontations and.... I just want to go back to work” I finished quietly; this whole conversation was exhausting.
“I...” Austin started to say but there was a knock on the office door.
“Hey Erin, I’m being attacked by children out here” I heard Ricardo say.
Austin reluctantly opened the door and I quickly ran through.
“What was that all about?” Ricardo asked in a whisper as we made our way back to the grotto.
“Austin like usual” I responded; I was very glad that this day was almost over.

“Why is it soooo busy?” Austin sighed suddenly next to me at the entrance of the grotto.
“Because word has got around about the grotto, didn’t you put it on Facebook because it is on there when I checked before I started” I asked looking up at Austin.
Austin looked down at me with a surprised look on his face.
“You look like a pouting penguin; we should get you an outfit of a penguin” I joked.
Austin laughed and leant his head against the grotto door.
“I have no idea how dad copes with dealing with customers, people irritate me. I prefer data and animals” Austin grumbled.
“Put on Santa’s suit and I am sure we can change your mind” I sarcastically said, smiling sweetly up at Austin.
“You just want to see me take my clothes off” Austin whispered in my ear.
“Dream on” I scoffed but felt a blush creep up my face.
We fell silent for a few minutes and simply stared down at each other.
“Austin!” I heard the familiar voice of Ella say which broke Austin and I connection. 
“I’d better…” Austin said, pointing at his friends.
“Go yeah, I have customers anyway” I sadly said as I had thoroughly enjoyed our conversation.
“Catch you later, if you need anything text me, call me or come and find me. If not, I will take you home in a few hours” Austin said gesturing to his mobile in his hand.
Watching him go I felt familiar butterflied in my stomach which I tried to stamp out as there was no way Austin and I were compatible. No way!

Fourth day of the grotto was quite quiet today giving me time to think about Austin and how much he had changed around me.
It was the night of my poor car dying who was still being repaired on although if she wasn’t repaired by now there wasn’t much hope for her. 
Since then when his friends were not around, he treated me as if we had known each other for years.
“Excuse me” I heard a little girls voice say.
Looking down there was a small brunette girl who was tugging at my skirt.
“Hello are you ok?” I asked and bent down to her level.
Her bottom lip trembled, and tears started to fall.
“I cannot find my mummy” she sobbed.
“That’s ok, we have a magic speaker where we can call her” I said.
Ricardo popped his head out and looked down at the little girl.
“She cannot find her mummy” I explained “Can we lock up and take her to the office and get Austin to tannoy to see if we can locate her mummy.” 
Taking the little girls hand we waited for Ricardo to lock up the grotto and all three of us went to the office.
We found Austin outside of the office on the phone and he looked surprised when he saw us and hung up the phone.
“What’s up?” Austin asked looking down at the little girl.
“Can we borrow your tannoy she has lost her mummy” I asked.
“Sure” Austin shrugged and open the door to us.
“What is your name sweetheart?” Ricardo asked her.
“Lily, Lily Evans Mr Santa” lily said quietly.
Austin pressed the tannoy button and said:
Could Lily Evans parents please come to the cafe, I repeat could Lily Evans parents please come to the cafe thank you. 
I smiled at Austin who grinned back, he could be a good guy sometimes.
“Mr Santa” lily said to Ricardo.
“Yes lily” Ricardo said.
“Can I have a pony for Christmas?” Lily asked.
I chuckled and Ricardo led lily to the cafe.
“I will put it on the wish list” Ricardo said.
“MUMMY!!!” Lily screamed and ran into her terrified mothers’ arms.
“Thank you to you all” her mother said and carried lily away.
“Good deed for the day complete, I need a fag” Ricardo said and walked away.
Turning to Austin I smiled at him which made him blush.
“Thank you for that” I said to Austin and nudged him with my foot.
“Don’t mention it” Austin said and placed a kiss on my cheek before walking back to the office.

“Shit sake I told you all to leave Erin alone” I heard Austin growled as I approached the office.
“It was fun, she is basically a poverty case” Ella shrieked.
“Listen I have a crap load of work to do, I think you should all go” Austin growled.
“Whatever dude” the guy said.
As the door opened, I quickly hid in the ladies’ loo hoping that Ella and Janice would not come in here which they did not.
Going into the office I knocked on the open door and Austin turned around looking tired.
“Hey what’s up?” Austin asked.
“We’ve ran out of ribbon” I said.
“Ribbon?” Austin asked looking confused.
“For the children’s gifts, it is under that desk you are sat at” I said pointing to the box under the desk.
“Oh sorry, help yourself” Austin said, wheeling the chair out of the way.
“Thanks” I said bending down under the desk to get the ribbon.
“Sorry about my mates” Austin quietly said.
Standing up I turned and shrugged my shoulders as if to say I didn’t care although that was a lie, I did care.
“I reckon it is because you are pretty, they have to pick because they are insecure, they all live with their parents still” Austin explained.
“I live with my parents technically” I quietly said, I was dying to run out of the room.
“It’s different though isn’t it? What happened to you you couldn’t control” Austin huskily said, meeting my eyes.
“How do you....” I started to say.
“Mum she told me about what happened” Austin quietly said and stood up.
Walking over to me he leant across and got a stack of papers behind me on the desk.
“Government should have stepped in to save businesses, they have the funds, but they haven’t got enough brains to make the methods” Austin gruffly said.
“It happened now and I’m grateful to still be working even if I dress like a hooker” I smirked.
Austin laughed and stared in my eyes for a moment, he had exceptionally green eyes I was concerned I would drown in them.
“I should go and help Santa” I said, casting him a smile.
“Yeah, see you later” Austin said, and I quickly exited the room and ran back to the grotto barely breathing.

Walking into the office I found Austin slumped in the chair.
“Hey” I said.
“Oh, shit sorry it is time to take you home” Austin sighed unhappily.
Looking down the pile of paperwork seemed to have increased and was quite messy.
“Do you want some help? We can stay and get this sorted if you want?” I asked.
Austin looked at me for a moment and he looked gorgeous with his hair messy from him running his hands frustrated through it, hell I wanted to run my hands through his hair.
“Would you mind? This shit is what I hate about businesses, I’ll get us a pizza if you want or whatever you fancy, I have Just Eat” Austin excitedly explained.
“I have never used Just Eat before” I admitted.
“They have all sorts of food, what do you fancy? I will eat whatever you want” Austin said.
Taking out his phone he showed me the Just Eat app which had too many choices in my opinion.
“I fancy something simple tonight, your mum fed me at lunch” I admitted.
“I’ll get a vegetable pizza and a variety of sides then you can help yourself” Austin said tapping on his phone.
“Ok” I said before sitting down on the chair next to the main office chair and picked up the paperwork.
“All ordered” Austin said, sitting next to me.
“Ok open an excel spreadsheet and let’s enter these figures” I said.
Austin did as I asked and then we proceeded to sort through the figures and paperwork.
What felt like hours later we had managed to get through all the paperwork and the food arrived.
Austin went to get the food and returned quickly.
“Thank you for this” I said and ate a potato wedge.
“I owe you one, shit have you seen the time!” Austin exclaimed.
Looking at my phone it was already 9pm therefore we had been sat sorting out the paperwork for two hours. 
“No worries” I said.
“Let’s finish the food and then I’ll take you home” Austin said through a mouth fall of pizza.
I started to laugh at how disgusting he looked with his mouth full of pizza.
Austin laughed along with me and for once I felt comfortable around him.
“Do you want me to tell you a secret?” Austin asked.
“What?” I asked.
“I like you” Austin admitted.
“You’re not too bad yourself” I admitted.
Austin chuckled before eating another slice of pizza.
I took a slice and moaned at how delicious it tasted.
“Don’t make too many more of those sounds, I may not be able to help myself” Austin flirted making me blush.
Looking away I saw a picture of his family on the desk and leaned over Austin to get it.
“Wow you look really young!” I exclaimed.
“What are you trying to say? Do you think I am old?!” Austin asked.
“Yes” I sarcastically said and started laughing again.
“Rude” Austin exclaimed.
“Where was this taken?” I asked.
“Theme park for Kent’s birthday” Austin explained.
I smiled when I saw how happy and carefree, they all looked, this must have been around 5 years or more.
Austin went to take the picture and our fingers brushed together sending sparks between us again.
Instead of pulling away Austin took my hand in his and after putting the photo down on the desk ran his fingers on the back of my hand.
“Your hands are beautifully soft” Austin whispered.
I went to pull my hand back, but Austin didn’t free my hand instead he pulled me closer.
“Austin” I breathed.
“What?” Austin asked running his thumb along my lips.
“It’s getting late and we have to be up early in the morning” I whispered.
I didn’t want him to stop but I knew this was not a great idea. We were highly incompatible.
“Yeah you are right” Austin sighed and moved away from me.
“Do you want any more?” Austin asked gesturing at the food.
“No thank you” I said shaking my head.
Austin hurriedly put away the food and tidied the paperwork.
I had a feeling this was going to be an awkward drive home.

“Thank you for helping me with the paperwork” Austin said as we got into his warm car.
“No worries” I quickly said.
I felt incredibly hot, it wasn’t the car I think it was the fact I was overthinking what nearly happened earlier.
“I didn’t realise how disorganised dad was, I am surprised the garden centre is successful” Austin laughed.
“One person’s perception of disorganisation is another person’s organisation” I said looking over at Austin.
“You are beautiful” Austin randomly said.
Blushing I looked away, but Austin draped his arm behind my neck.
“Austin its late” I sighed.
“Sorry, yeah” Austin said removing his arm and starting the car.
We rode the entire way in silence until we got to my cabin.
“Do you want to come in?” I asked Austin.
“Best not” Austin gruffly said.
“Why?” I asked.
“Because I want to kiss you and it is not a good idea” Austin admitted.
I let out a gasp and looked over at Austin who was staring at me intensely.
“Goodnight Erin” Austin said firmly.
I did not move for a moment, I simply stared at Austin.
I wanted him to lean over and kiss me, but I also knew we were incompatible.
Getting out the car I quickly walked to my cabin but nearly slipped on the ice in a hurry when I was gripped round the waist to steady me.
“Careful” Austin whispered in my ear and put me back firmly on my feet.
Austin ran his hand down the side of my face before placing a kiss on my forehead and walking back to his car.
I got into my cabin and sat on the floor against the door.
Why did I always go for the guys who could tear my heart into after breaking it? Why could I never go for normal nice guys?!

“Jesus Erin you look hot” I heard a familiar voice say from behind the grotto.
Looking over I saw Ace stood there with a huge scarf around her neck.
“Ace!” I exclaimed and we hugged quickly.
Ricardo came out the grotto and locked the doors.
“Lunchtime for both of us” Ricardo said playfully slapping my bum.
Ricardo nodded at Ace before walking off for a smoke.
“Come on let’s go to the café” I said to Ace and we linked arms and walked into the café.
“And who is that hot stuff?” Ace asked pointing towards the cafe counter.
Looking around I saw Austin leant against the counter talking to his mother.
“He is the bosses’ son, complete jackass” I grumbled, taking a large spoonful of my strawberry yoghurt.
“With a body like that he can be anything he wants to be” Ace sighed dreamily before taking a spoonful of her cream from her got chocolate.
“Hey!” I said, snapping my fingers in Ace’s face.
“Ooh here he comes” Ace excitedly said making me turn around.
Austin was most definitely walking in our direction which for some reason annoyed me even more than he usually annoyed me by existing.
“I have to stay late to repaint some of the grotto” Austin abruptly said.
“And?” I sarcastically asked.
“I am your lift home unless you are planning to ride in Santa’s sleigh?” Austin sarcastically said earning a laugh from Ace who I eyeballed to shut her up.
“I’ll stay and help” I offered.
“Cool” Austin said but didn’t move.
“I’m Ace by the way, the bestie” Ace held out her hand which Austin shook.
“Pleasure, I am the jackass boss’s son” Austin said, smirking at me before walking off and out of the cafe.
“Gosh he is dreamy, and I think he likes you” Ace said eating the flake from her hot chocolate.
“Hardly we despise each other” I sighed and opened my banana.
“I told you that this job would be the perfect opportunity to meet a hunky new man and Austin is perfect” Ace excitedly said, sipping her hot chocolate when her phone buzzed.
“Right I have to go, client meeting in 30minutes, think about its Erin you need a bit of fun after the year you had” Ace said while gathering her bag.
Running around the table she gave me a kiss on the cheek “love you babe” she said before running out the cafe.
Yes, Austin was hunky and dreamy, but I had already established what he thought of me and what I thought of him, I doubt if anything could change that.

“How can I help?” I asked Austin as I closed the grotto doors after a busy day.
Austin picked up the pot of green paint and threw over a black shirt.
“The Christmas trees need redoing as the sun has made them fade, you can wear a spare shirt of mine to cover up your dress” Austin explained.
“Thanks” I said putting the shirt over my dress and doing it up. Luckily the shirt covered the entire dress but not the stockings although I had many pairs of stockings and only one spare dress.
Taking a paint brush, I dipped it into the green paint and started painting one of the smaller trees up front.
We carried on working in silence for a moment when I felt Austin next to me.
“Pizza or subway or fish and chips?” Austin asked.
“Up to you” I shrugged and tried to get a hair out of my eye.
Reaching out Austin moved the hair behind my ear, and I stop breathing for a second.
“I fancy pizza with sides, hang on let me have a look at the app” Austin said, pulling out his mobile phone which looked brand new.
“Ok what pizza do you fancy? Cheese and Tomato or Hawaiian or meat?” Austin asked.
“Cheese and tomato sound fine” I said getting closer to him to look at the app.
“Large cheese and tomato, ok sides I think we shall have potato wedges, a giant chocolate chip cookie, Diet Coke and chicken strips. Does that sound good?” Austin asked.
“That sounds like I need to spend a year working that off” I laughed which made Austin smile.
“Is that an offer?” Austin asked.
I blushed and looked away. In my mind I was envisioning how he could help me work off the order.
Looking back at Austin he was biting his lip and smirking at me before he finished the order on his phone.
I carried on painting the front trees quietly.
“I am sorry about how me and my friends treat you” Austin gruffly said from behind me.
“I get it” I quietly said.
“What exactly do you get? There is nothing to get! We are twats” Austin growled angrily.
“Austin please leave it” I pleased.
“There my friends from school but they never grew up, they only hang around because of my money” Austin quietly said, more to himself I think than me.
Turning around I found him with his head in his hands sat on the sleigh.
Putting the brush down I went over and sat next to him in the sleigh.
“Everyone in our life shapes us to be the person we are, your friends are no different” I explained.
“They make me into an asshole around them” Austin growled.
“Do you want me to tell you a not so secret, secret?” I asked.
“What?” Austin asked and leant towards me.
“You are an asshole anyway” I said and giggled.
“Cheers Erin for your support” Austin laughed.
“Anytime, I am chirpy bandwagon did no one tell you?” I cheekily said. 
“Do you want to come riding in my sleigh?” Austin flirted and smirked at me.
Raising my eyebrows, I retaliated with “is that the best you can do?” 
Austin laughed and threw fake snow at me.
I laughed and leant towards him without thinking and Austin put his arm around me.
“This is going to sound awful...” he stated to say.
“Wait more than usual?” I cheekily said.
“I am glad you came to work here” Austin finished.
Looking up at him I could see Austin was gazing at my lips.
Leaning closer to me our lips almost touched when the bell of the garden centre rang.
Austin jumped away and ran his hand through his long hair.
“Food” he huskily said, exited the sleigh and ran to the front door.
“Oh god” I whispered to myself, what had just happened?

“You cannot drive home in this” I said to Austin gesturing at the blizzard that had descended upon us. 
“I’ll be fine” Austin grumbled while trying to remove the inches of snow with his windscreen wipers.
“Come inside and wait it out, I would hate to tell Susan you drove off the road because of me” I somewhat pleaded with Austin, I was genuinely worried for his safety if he drove off.
Austin looked at me for a moment before sighing and getting out the car.
When I got out the car I almost fell over as my foot got stuck in the large pile of snow however I felt an arm around my waist steadying me.
“You look like the snow is about to swallow you up” Austin gruffly said in my ear.
I laughed nervously mainly because I was aware of how close we were to each other. 
“Thank you I guess” I said and held onto Austin as we walked to the cabin steps. 
Opening my door, I was glad to be greeted by the warmth of the cabin, thank god I had a timer for the heating to turn on ready for when I get home. 
“Make yourself at home” I turned and said to Austin who still had his arm around my waist.
“It is very…” Austin started to say.
“Small, I expect you are used to penthouse apartments or mansions but for me this is home” I explained quickly.
“I was not judging Erin” Austin quietly said, letting go of my waist and moving away, instantly I missed the warmth of his body next to me.
“I didn’t think that you were, habit I guess that I am used to people judging me especially at the moment” I sighed.
“I always feel I have to conform to a stereotype whether it is the bad boy with the sports car or the annoying big brother” Austin explained sitting down on my sofa.
“How is Kent?” I asked.
“Good he misses you; I think he has a crush on you” Austin smirked.
Smiling to myself I said “he is going to grow up to be a great man if he stays on the straight and narrow”
“Unlike me you mean?” Austin asked.
“I didn’t... that is not what I meant” I stuttered and looked away from Austin’s gaze.
“It is ok I know you think I am a jackass” Austin sadly said but smirked at me.
“At least you have been giving me lifts to and from work. There is hope for you yet and you never know Santa might put you back on the nice list and bring you a present” I joked, laughing to myself.
Austin laughed along with me and it was nice to see him carefree for a moment.
“I am going to get out this outfit, grab yourself something to drink and eat” I said and walked to my bedroom.
I chose to throw on my baggy blue shirt with my slipper socks although the shirt was technically was a man’s shirt, but I enjoyed how it felt against my skin and my bedroom was a mess.
Walking back in the living room I found Austin had taken off his jacket and shoes and was flicking through Netflix. 
I had never seen Austin look so relaxed, it certainly suited him.
I went to my store cupboard and took out my spare duvets, blanket bedsheet and pillows. Later I would pull out the sofa bed and Austin can leave in the morning when it is safer for him to drive.
I went back into the living room and deposited the bits on the floor.
“Did you not get yourself a drink?” I asked Austin who was gazing at my legs.
“No” Austin huskily said.
“What would you like? I have tea, hot chocolate, coffee, latte and wine” I offered and walked into my kitchen.
“Whatever you are having is fine” Austin answered.
I decided to make us both a milky hot chocolate which I topped up with marshmallows.
“Are you hungry?” I asked.
“Whatever” Austin answered.
I took that as a yes and put us on some toast as well.
Taking the toast and hot chocolate I put them in front of Austin and went to get my own.
“I would’ve come and got it to save you a second journey” Austin huskily said.
“Good exercise” I said and sat in my cuddle chair.
Austin took a bite out of the toast and a sip of the hot chocolate which he moaned at the taste, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand to attention.
“You didn’t have to let me stay considering I am a dick to you” Austin gruffly said, putting the toast plate on the table.
I didn’t answer immediately instead I nibbled on my toast.
“You have been giving me lifts, it’s the least I could do plus it is really dangerous out there at the moment” I said gesturing to the window, which was closed, and curtains pulled.
“You are annoyingly a good person” he grumbled.
“Why is that annoying?” I asked a little puzzled.
Austin looked at me and shook his head “it doesn’t matter”.
“I am curious” I said.
“Because you are a good person and you look.... it’s infuriating” Austin sighed.
I blushed and looked away, instead I focussed on drinking my hot chocolate and munching on the marshmallows.
“And you don’t even know it” Austin grumbled.
“What shall we watch?” I asked, desperate to change the subject. 
Austin bit his lip and flicked Netflix to a short dystopian series I had not watched before.
“This good?” Austin asked.
“Sure” I said and put my knees to my chest.
“Nice underwear” Austin sniggered.
Grabbing the blanket, I covered my bare legs for modesty.
Austin started to laugh which I joined in with.
The TV was in an awkward angle therefore I moved to sit next to Austin although given my sofa was not a big sofa, we were rather close together. 
Clearing his throat Austin starts the show and leans his arm behind me.
I relax into the sofa and curl my legs behind me as I get comfortable, but I realise quickly that Austin is staring down at me.
“What?” I asked and instantly stop moving.
“Fidgety, aren’t you?” Austin chuckled.
“Sorry I was trying to get comfortable” I bit my lip to stop myself from wafting on.
Austin looked down at my bit lip like he wanted to say something but turned back to the television show.
I stopped moving and focussed on the show as well.
After two-hour long episodes I was slowly getting tired, but I didn’t want to move.
Looking up at Austin he was already asleep, I decided I would sleep here instead of moving.
Waking up I was dazed, achy and incredibly warm. Looking over Austin was smirking at me while I was snuggled against Austin’s body.

“Good morning” Austin huskily said.
“Oh gosh I’m sorry” I said and tried to remove my leg from his lap.
“Give me a minute” Austin gruffly said and gestured at his lap where I saw his erection poking through his boxers.
“When did you change to your boxers?” I asked.
“I have an erection and you want to know when I changed into my boxers?” Austin gave me a boyish grin.
I blushed and looked away which made him chuckle.
“Your cute in the morning” Austin whispered in my ear.
I didn’t answer and refused to look at him, this was an embarrassing situation.
“Hey” Austin whispered and touched my chin to make me look at him.
“That was the best night I had in ages, shame about the company” Austin joked and looked down at my lips.
“Cheers I guess” I shrugged and bit my lip.
“Don’t do that” Austin growled with a pained look on his face.
“What?” I asked innocently.
“Bite your lip, it is quite infuriating and suggestible” Austin ran his finger down my cheek.
“Are you deflated yet? I need to pee” I said.
“Deflated?” Austin chuckled.
“It was the only appropriate word I could think of” I laughed and blushed.
“I don’t think I will deflate with your bare legs on my lap” Austin huskily breathed.
“Oh” I whispered.
Leaning down Austin brushed my lips gently with his. My whole body ignited in flames, I wanted him.
Leaning up I pressed my lips firmly to his and Austin grabbed my waist pulling me closer to him.
“Wait” Austin growled.
“Sorry” I whimpered.
“I want to, fuck I want you, but you are too good for me” Austin breathed and looked pained again
“I don’t care” I breathed and kissed him again, but Austin was like kissing a stone statue even though I could feel his erection pressing against my leg.
“I cannot I’m sorry” Austin said and pushed me away.
I was hurt and rejected, after everything recently this was the last thing I needed.
“Erin please say something” Austin pleaded.
“I’m going to make breakfast; do you want poached eggs?” I asked trying to remain normal.
“Sure” Austin said and looked concerned.
Standing up I walked over to my kitchen and began making the poached eggs.
“Erin...” Austin said from close behind me.
“Don’t, please” I sighed leaning up to get the pan for the poached eggs.
Austin leant his hand above me and got the pan out for me but brushing my bare arm when he did.
“Thank you” I quietly said.
Turning me around Austin quickly kissed me on the lips, winding his hand around my waist and pulled me towards him.
“I want you trust me I do; you’ve seen how fucked up I am around my friends. You deserve better than me” Austin breathed against my lips.
“Stop kissing and touching me then it is not fair” I pleaded. 
Austin looked pained and was breathing heavily, I wanted to launch myself at him, but he was right we were incompatible.
Letting me go Austin ran a hand through his hair and growled with frustration. 
“Do you still want poached eggs?” I asked.
“Please” Austin nodded and went back to the sofa.
“Do you want toast or muffins?” I asked as I started cracking the eggs.
“Muffins yes please!” Austin shouted excitedly making me chuckle.
“Do you want me to help?” Austin asked.
“No, I am good, I’ll pop on the kettle, how do you take your tea?” I asked.
“Just milk cheers” Austin said and switched on the TV.
I put on the kettle and made us both a tea which I took to Austin then put on the poached eggs.
“How long have you been friends with your friends for?” I asked Austin.
He was silent for a moment then said, “since I was about fourteen, I think.”
“Oh, a while then” I said.
“Yeah they feel like tagalongs sometimes” Austin mumbled.
“What do you mean?” I asked as I watched the eggs and turned on the timer.
“Since I started my business, I feel I have outgrown them in a way” Austin explained and sounded louder.
Turning my head, I saw he was now leant against my kitchen counter watching me.
“Sometimes I feel that they make me into this....” Austin started to say.
“Asshole?” I smirked and put the muffins under the grill.
Austin laughed and said, “how rude but truthful.”
“I get what you are saying Ace and I had this friend Dotty who was a wild child and wanted to continue that way after we left college but eventually, we all went our separate ways. We follow each other on Instagram now, she is a club rep in Ibiza” I reminisced and smiled when I thought of the antics that Dotty, Ace and I used to get up to.
“What are your plans after Christmas? Once the grotto is finished?” Austin asked, folding his toned arms.
“I have no idea” I honestly said because I genuinely had no idea.
I turned over the muffins to toast them for a minute on the other side and removed the poached eggs from the pan.
“I was thinking of taking my business on the road, I have an offer for game development from a company in New York” Austin said but it didn’t sound like he was bragging even though I would be if I was him.
“That is amazing! I’ve always wanted to go to New York, you are very lucky. You never explained properly what your business is?” I said taking out the muffins and lightly buttering them before putting the poached eggs on top.
“I develop games for learning disability adults and children” Austin said.
“Where did that idea come from?” I asked taking our poached eggs and muffins to the sofa.
“Thanks” he said gesturing to the breakfast “there was a guy in our class who tried to join in with our gaming club but he had Down syndrome therefore struggled with the games therefore I developed him a game for me to play with him which he enjoyed and it took off from there.”
“That is amazing” I breathed taking a mouthful of breakfast in my mouth and trying to chew like a lady and failing.
“Attractive” Austin laughed before stuffing his mouth with the breakfast and chewing grotesquely making me laugh.
We stopped laughing and stared at each other for a moment, I knew in the way his eyes moved to my lips that he was thinking about kissing me, that he wanted to kiss me but at the same time I knew he wouldn’t.
“Do you reckon today will be busy at the garden centre given it is Saturday?” I asked trying to avoid Austin’s stare.
“Probably, I know Kent is bringing his mates to have hit chocolate. He is lame” Austin sighed.
“Don’t be mean, I think Kent is cute and cool” I said finishing my breakfast.
“No boy or guy wants to be called cute by a beautiful woman” Austin chuckled.
He thought I was beautiful. 
“I better clean the dishes and get showered otherwise we will be late opening” I said and went to take the plates, but Austin touched my hand to stop me.
“Go for a shower, I’ve got this” Austin huskily said.
I still for a moment and allowed the warmth of his touch radiate my skin before taking me hand back.
“Thank you” I said and smiled.
I put my plate in my kitchen and went to my bedroom and the bathroom consciously aware that Austin could see my bottom half quite clearly.
As I showered all I could think about was the fact that Austin was in my kitchen doing my dishes, it was a surreal experience considering my original opinion of him when we met.
I took half the time I did in the shower and dried my hair in quick time before throwing on the Mrs Santa’s outfit. 
When I exited my bedroom, I was greeted to a magnificent site, a naked Austin who was spraying himself with cologne to freshen himself up.
I was frozen in the spot with my mouth open as I took in everything from his glorious ass to his chiselled back, Austin was beautiful.
Austin turned around which also gave me a view of his penis which of course me being me stared at.
“Shit sorry” Austin said, turning around and putting on his boxers.
“No, I’m sssorry I shouldn’t have stared” I said turning around on the spot, I could feel the blush radiating my skin. 
What an idiot I am? Why did I have to gawk like a teenager?
“I’m descent” Austin said, chuckling to himself.
I turned around to find Austin half descent with a shirt on and boxers but still no jeans.
“I’ll put my jeans and shoes on then go warm up the car” Austin said, and I could see that he was also blushing, at least I wasn’t the only one.

My feet were killing me from the crazy busy morning, Ricardo and I must have seen around a hundred children. 
“Crap we are running out of change” Ricardo groaned when he looked in the grotto’s money tin.
“No worries I will go and get it” I said as I was quite excited to see Austin after this morning.
However, my excitement soon turned to horror when I walked into the cafe.
I saw Ella stroke Austin’s hair and I had a sinking feeling in my stomach.
Was everything he said a lie?
Walking over I stood and waited Austin to acknowledge me which he didn’t.
“We need change for the grotto” I sternly said and finally Austin looked at me, but it was not his friendly gaze, it was a what the hell do you want kind of stare.
“Are you not capable of getting it yourself?” Janice said.
“Austin, I need your authorisation, you know this” I said.
“Needy much, baby I’ll make sure I am warm ready for your lap” Ella cooed and my heart literally broke, Austin WAS leading me on.
After everything recently, you would think I would have spotted the fact he was a user.
Austin stood up and went to put his hand on my back, but I shrugged him away.
Getting in the office Austin took out the money tin.
“Listen...” Austin started to say.
“I need about £20 worth of a mixture of change” I commanded without looking at him.
“Erin” Austin sighed walking over to me with change.
“You were right” I sternly said.
Austin went quiet for a moment and I think he was trying to work out what I meant.
“What about?” Austin asked.
“You are too good for me” I snapped, walking off out of the office and back to the grotto.

The busiest day of the grotto was finally over and Ricardo and I were clearing up the grotto ready for the morning.
“Hey what time do you want to leave?” Austin asked after avoiding me all day since our altercation in the office.
“I mentioned to Ricardo about taking me home and he didn’t mind” I said.
Austin gripped me elbow pulling me towards him.
“Erin please” Austin begged with a pained look on his face.
“What?” I snapped.
“I’m sorry, I acted like an ass” Austin gruffly said.
“Yes, you did, and Ella was all over you, are you sleeping with her?” I asked quietly as Ricardo was close by.
“What?! No of course not. We used to date years ago” Austin whispered.
Shaking my head, I went to turn away, I didn’t have time for a man to mess my head up when it was already in a mess as it is.
“Erin I really like you” Austin pleaded which made Ricardo look up sheepishly.
“Are you ready to go Ricardo?” I asked Ricardo who nervously looked at Austin before nodding at me.
“I want to take you home” Austin whispered in my ear, cascading his warm breath down my neck making me shiver.
“You should’ve thought of that earlier” I snapped and followed Ricardo out of the garden centre.
Ricardo’s car was exactly what I would expect, a red convertible with eyelashes on the lights.
“That man has got it bad for you” Ricardo said as we both got in the car.
“He should’ve behaved better earlier, he acted like I was a piece of shit in front of his friends” I sadly said.
“I know babe he is an idiot when he is with them, you give him hell” Ricardo said as he started his car.
“I will” I promised and smiled at Ricardo.

As I was getting settled into my pjs there was a loud knock on the door.
Opening the door Austin was stood there looking dishevelled.
“I want to take you on a date” Austin basically commanded to me.
“Austin it’s been a long day and I do not fancy going anywhere with you” I sighed.
Walking towards me Austin leant his forehead against mine.
“I’m sorry for today, I want to treat you the way you deserve, teach me” Austin breathed.
“Austin...”I started to say but he silenced me with his lips.
Moaning I draped my arms around Austin’s neck and kissed him back.
“Before we continue” Austin started saying leaning his head back from me “let me take you on a date, please”
Biting my lip, I debated on what to do, do I go on a date with him or make him suffer for the ass he had been today?
“I’ll give you a hint, it involves skates” Austin whispered in my ear.
“But it’s 9pm? How did you convince Luke to keep the rink open?” I asked excitedly.
“It’s dads’ rink” Austin scoffed.
Picking me up Austin kicked the door shut and carried me into my bedroom.
Lying me down on the bed Austin kicked his lips.
Leaning down he nipped my neck before planting a quick kiss on my lips.
“Ok let’s get you changed” Austin smirked.
Leaning up on my elbows I watched as Austin hunted for clothes around my untidy room, it was quite a sight as he looked rather domesticated.
Walking back over to me Austin held up a pair of black jeans, a blue v neck jumper and lingerie.
“Right baby you stay still” Austin huskily said.
“Wait are you planning on changing me yourself?” I asked Austin a little amused.
“Oh yeah definitely, anything to see you naked” Austin smirked.
Leaning down he reached the bottom of my nightdress which he pulled off in one swift move leaving me completely naked.
Austin bit his bottom lip and trailed his hand between the centre of my breasts.
“You are beautiful” Austin breathed.
Looking away I blushed and covered my face with my arm to hide my embarrassment.
I felt the bed dip and Austin’s body hovering over mine.
“Hey, don’t hide, you are beautiful inside and out” Austin whispered in my ear.
Removing my arm from my face I looked directly at Austin.
“Even though I am stubborn and direct?” I asked.
“Definitely and do not let anyone tell you otherwise” Austin breathed.
Claiming my lips with his own Austin ran his hands down the side of my body and wrapped my legs around his waist.
The friction of his jeans against my bare sex was unbearable, I wanted skin on skin.
Whimpering I thrust my tongue on his mouth and grabbed his jean classed ass to pull him closer.
“Wait...” Austin laughed “I do actually have a date planned and if we carry on, I will not allow you to leave this bed” 
Unwrapping my legs from around his waist and removing my hands from his ass Austin stood up and picked up the lingerie he had strewn on the floor.
“Sit up but stay still” Austin commanded. 
I did as I was told and sat up.
Austin carefully and painfully slowly Austin placed on my bra and panties.
Raising my arms Austin put the jumper on taking time to gently caress the side of my breasts.
“Austin” I breathed, wriggling under his touch.
Austin didn’t respond instead he started to put on my jeans but when he got to my thighs, he started feathering me with kisses.
“I love how you taste” Austin groaned.
Suddenly he stopped and finished putting on my jeans leaving me very disappointed.
“Don’t pout although it looks cute on you, I might have to put you over my knee if you carry on pouting” Austin smirked at my shocked expression.
“Let’s go cutie” Austin said picking me up in a fireman’s lift and carrying me to the door grabbing my jacket and keys on the way.

The skating rink looked festive and magical at night.
The large Christmas tree in the corner was illuminated with white fairy lights and the icicle lights were perfectly positioned hovering over the ice rink.
The rink itself had blue lights underneath that you didn’t notice in the daylight. My breath was literally taken away, this was perfect.
“I’m sorry for earlier” Austin whispered in my ear, kissing the side of my head.
“I know” I said, leaning back into Austin’s body.
“I shouldn’t act like such a dick, when I watched you go off with Ricardo, I was furious and jealous” Austin admitted.
I felt a little excited by the thought that he was jealous.
“Can we skate now?” I asked.
Although I enjoyed standing here with Austin’s arms around me, I was more thrilled about ice skating.
Austin laughed and took my hand pulling me to the rink.
“Size 5’s my lady” Austin said bending down and securing my feet in the shoes.
The sight of him on his knees made my arousal start to rumble, knowingly he started grinning at me.
“Keep looking at me like that we will not be skating on the rink” Austin stood up and threatened.
“Later, the whole night is going to be about you” Austin promised.
After he quickly assembled his shoes Austin took my hand and we went onto the rink.
At first, I was quite wobbly as it had been years since I had gone skiing or been on an ice rink but soon, I found my feet and started silhouetting around the rink.
“Show off!” Austin shouted.
Skating up to me Austin twirled me around on the ice before pulling me close.
Leaning down Austin claimed my lips with his own.
Groaning Austin intensified the kiss and grabbed my hair to hold me in place.
“You drive me crazy” Austin growled.
“I think you were already crazy”
I said, trying to catch my breath.
“I don’t want to lose you” Austin admitted.
Running my hand across his cheek I gently touched the bottom of his lip.
“Don’t run next time, talk it out with me” Austin said and looked pained.
“Try not to be such an ass, I know that is not who you are” I sighed.
“I’ll try, don’t leave me” Austin breathed against my lips and kissed me again.
Kissing him back I wanted to be close to him, to feel Austin everywhere. 
The thought of how close we were becoming terrified me as did the thought that as we grew closer Austin could destroy me without trying too hard.
“Are you ready to go home?” Austin asked before twirling me on the ice again.
“Yes, take me home” I said as I twirled back into his arms and kissed him.

“Don’t move” Austin said as I got out of the car.
Standing in the cold I just wanted to get inside and have a hot drink.
Austin ran around to my side and picked me up.
“Where are your keys?” Austin said searching my jean pockets.
Pulling out my keys Austin carried me up the cabin steps and opened the door.
“What are you doing?” I asked while laughing.
“Treating you like a queen” Austin said, kissing my forehead.
“You are an idiot” I said.
Austin laughed and carried me into my bedroom.
Depositing me on the bed he looked down at me with a boyish grin on his face.
“I wrapped you, now I get to unwrap you” Austin smirked.
Biting my lip, I smiled at how carefree he looked.
Leaning down Austin removed my jumper and jeans leaving me lying there in my lingerie.
“You are beautiful” Austin breathed.
I blushed and looked away, I hated when people complimented me. I was always critical of myself.
“Don’t do that” Austin growled turning my face to look at him “you are beautiful, Erin” 
Kissing me gently Austin trailed his hands down the side of my body while rotating himself against my sex.
Whimpering I moved my hands into his hair and rotated against him, I had needed Austin all night.
“Hang on... tonight is about you” Austin said leaning away from me.
Kissing down my bare neck, Austin gently nipped my neck making me moan.
Placing gentle kisses Austin trailed to my breasts and kissed one while he cupped the other through the lace bra I was wearing.
I could feel my nipples were already hardened against the lace material.
Pushing my bra straps down Austin popped both of my breasts from the bra and groaned as he gazed at my breasts.
Taking my nipple in his mouth he pinched it between his teeth and began to suck making me arch off the bed.
“Austin” I whimpered, grabbing his hair in my hands. 
Austin didn’t answer instead he began kneading the other breast and nipple with his hand while sucking my nipple on the other.
“Please” I pleaded, rotating against his erection.
Instead of responding Austin moved his mouth to the other nipple and began to flicking his tongue against it.
My orgasm began to heighten, no one had ever made me orgasm by playing with my nipples.
“Austin!” I groaned as my orgasm crashed around me, shaking my body under Austin who continued to play with my breasts.
Trailing his lips down my body he reached my panties and rubbed his finger against my slit already drenched from my first orgasm.
Removing my panties Austin nipped my thighs before rubbing my slit with his finger.
“Look at me baby while I go down on you” Austin commanded.
Looking at him it was exquisitely painful to have Austin’s handsome face between my thighs.
“You taste amazing” Austin groaned as he inserted his finger with my juices into his mouth.
I blushed and went to look away.
“Erin look at me” Austin commanded.
Looking back at Austin he leant down and licked my slit causing me to arch off the bed.
Groaning Austin carried on torturing my slit until he moved his torture to my clit which he began to suck mercilessly.
“Yes, Austin yes” I groaned, grabbing my breasts and kneading them.
Austin inserted a finger inside of me as he carried on sucking my clit.
My orgasm was roaring inside of me, I was craving a release.
Inserting another finger inside of me caused my orgasm to crash violently around me shaking my body under Austin’s grip.
Licking up my juices Austin groaned as he tasted me.
“Mmmmm” Austin groaned moving up my body and kissing my lips. 
“Erin I...” Austin started to say but I put my finger on his lips to stop him.
“Shhhhh” I sleepily said and snuggled against him.
“Ok beautiful” Austin sadly said as I started to doze in his arms.

“Did you give him hell?” Ricardo asked me the next morning at the grotto.
“Well…” I said and blushed.
“Ha ha don’t blame you sweetheart, he is cute” Ricardo admitted.
“Problem is the way he behaves in certain scenarios and with people, it is disconcerting” I admitted.
“Do you love him?” Ricardo asked leaning against the sleigh.
“I think I might do but I am cautious about admitting it because of how he behaves” I sighed.
“What did you do last night?” Ricardo asked.
“Went ice skating with Austin” I said happily.
“Lucky lady” Ricardo exclaimed.
“What are you two troublemakers talking about?” Austin came up to me and kissed me on my forehead.
“You” Ricardo said, and I slapped him on his arm.
“I am flattered” Austin smirked at me.
“Erin says you took her ice skating, you are quite the gentleman” Ricardo said.
“I am trying, she makes me a better person” Austin admitted. 
“Good, you better treat her right, or I will stuff you into a present and send you to Russia” Ricardo said in a serious voice. 
“Yes stallion” Austin joked and walked away from the grotto.
“Come on Santa, we have punters” I said to Ricardo and gestured at the children lining up at the grotto.

“Can I take you somewhere else on the way home?” Austin asked nervously as we got into his car after another busy grotto day.
“Ok” I said.
Austin started the car and we drove in silence.
After a while I noticed we were heading into the town.
We turned left and onto a new estate, it was strange to be back in a new setting with new homes this was very much the complex that I used to live in.
“I’ve only been here a month therefore it’s... I’m still getting used to the place” Austin nervously explained.
I smiled at his nervousness; I wouldn’t judge regardless of where he lived.
Pulling under an archway we parked in a reserved spot for number three which must be the number of Austin’s house.
Stopping the car Austin sighed before undoing his belt and turning to me.
“What?” I asked turning to him after undoing my belt.
“I’ve not brought anyone to my house yet” Austin explained, running his hand through his hair.
“I’m flattered” I joked which seemed to make him hurt as Austin furrowed his eyebrows.
Putting my hand on his knee I wanted to reassure him, but Austin took my hand and kissed my palm.
The usual electricity flowed through my body at his kiss, ever since we shared that kiss that night, I had wanted to kiss him and touch him.
“Let’s go” Austin smiled at me and looked slightly more confident.
Getting out the car together we walked to his house which was the third house in the circular cul-de-sac. 
I suddenly felt a little underdressed in my ripped skinny jeans, Bardot cropped jumper and trench coat when his neighbour exited her building in a sharp pin suit.
“Good morning Austin and friend” the lady said.
“Harriet” Austin nodded to greet her.
Opening his door, he let me into his house, and I was instantly greeted by warmth.
“Let me take your coat” Austin gruffly said, and I unbuttoned my coat which he took off.
“Thank you” I quietly said as I was now the nervous one.
“That colour looks fantastic on you” Austin breathed against my neck, cascading his breath down the back of my bare neck.
“I am trying to be more festive” I smiled at him.
To be honest I couldn’t find another jumper in the junk of my bedroom other than this ruby red jumper.
“Let me give you a tour” Austin said and took my hand.
“This is my office room, over there is my kitchen/diner/living room and in here is my bedroom with en suite bathroom” Austin said and led me into his bedroom.
“Mmmmm, having you in my bedroom is rather tempting” Austin whispered in my ear.
“Austin!” I heard Ella’s voice said.
Austin looked horrified and quite literally shoved me into his wardrobe in his bedroom and shut the door.
“Babe!” Ella said coming into the bedroom.
I could see through the slats of the wardrobe door that she had hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.
“What are you doing here?” Austin snarled.
“I feel like I have not seen you lately and I miss you, Janice and Max are here as well plus we haven’t seen your apartment and your front door was unlocked” Ella exclaimed.
“I am busy with work” Austin growled.
They both left the bedroom and I exited myself from the wardrobe.
My face was wet because I was silently crying.
How could Austin disregard me the way that he did? I thought he cared for me?
“Austin dude I need to piss” I heard Max say and footsteps got closer to where I was stood.
Max opened the door and looked shocked to see me stood there.
“Austin you seem to have a stalker” Max sneered.
Austin came into the bedroom but didn’t correct Max instead Austin gripped my arm and walked me out of his flat quickly.
Austin stormed us to his car which he unlocked and silently gestured for me to get in.
I did get into the passenger seat and without saying anything to me Austin locked the doors and went back to his flat.
I was a fool to think he cared for me.
Not long after Austin locked me in the car Austin returned looking furious and the other three left the apartment block looking equally angry. 
Getting in the passenger seat Austin turned to me but I looked away, I was still silently crying.
“Erin I am so…” Austin started to say.
“I want to go home” I firmly said to Austin who started the car and we drove off together in silence.
When we got back to my cabin as soon as Austin stopped the car I got out.
I ran into my cabin and slammed the door; I was angry more at myself than him.
“Erin please!!!” Austin shouted and hammered my cabin door.
“Go home Austin!” I shouted back.
“NO!” Austin hollered.
“You are hurting me by being here, please give me time” I firmly said and sobbed.
Austin did not reply and after a few minutes I heard the noise of his car tyres on the gravel as he drove away.


There was a knock on my door later that evening and when I opened, I saw a sheepish looking Austin stood there.
“I owe you an apology” Austin sighed, running his hand through his hair.
“I understand why you did it, I am not important enough to you” I admitted sadly.
“That is crap, you are everything to me” Austin sighed. 
Coming closer to me Austin moved out his hand and tucked a loose strand of hair behind my ear.
I closed my eyes as I relished at his touch, whether I liked it I was in love with him.
“As we cannot go on a date at the moment, I thought we could have a date here to make up for a dick I was earlier” Austin said.
Opening his backpack Austin pulled out a projector. Opening the carrier bag, he pulled out popcorn, bottle of wine and two speciality ready meals. 
Biting my lip, I grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him to me, no one had ever treated me with such a gift or wanted to prove how sorry they were.
Reaching up I placed a kiss on his lips which Austin returned vigorously.
“If we keep kissing our date will never happen” Austin whispered against my lips.
“Tempting” I whispered and smirked.
“Behave” Austin growled in my ear before playfully slapping my ass and walking to my kitchen.
Opening my microwave, he quickly popped in the two ready meals.
“What are they?” I asked.
“Chicken Yaki Udon with sticky toffee puddings for afters” Austin said as he got out the plates.
“Are you trying to make me fat?” I joked.
“I’ll make sure you work it off” Austin smirked.
Rolling my eyes, I placed the projector on my coffee table and laid out the sofa bed before getting the duvet and pillows off my bed.
Luckily it was warm inside as I had put my fire on before Austin arrived.
“I am sorry about what happened at my apartment yesterday” Austin quietly said.
Turning around I walked over to him and placed my arms around his waist.
“I get it” I sadly said.
I did get it because Austin’s friends did not like me, which was why they behaved the way they did, and Austin didn’t defend me because he was their friend and had been for much longer than he knew me. Of course, it still made me sad that he didn’t care enough for me to at least stop them.
“It’s not ok, I should’ve.... I should have...” Austin started to say but couldn’t finish his sentence.
“But you didn’t and that’s ok, I understand they are much more important in your life than me” I sadly said.
“That is rubbish” Austin growled.
Grabbing hold of my waist Austin pulled me firmly against my body and kissed me violently.
“Erin I am falling in love with you, the reason I behaved the way I did is because they bring out the worse in me. I am so sorry you deserve much more” Austin whispered against my lips.
“You are falling in love with me? I asked.
“Yes, I am, don’t leave me please I need you” Austin pleaded.
“I promise I will try” I whispered.
“We will try, together” Austin said and kissed me passionately.


The grotto was quieter today therefore I went to the office to go and see Austin.
“This is a disaster Christmas is ruined by your fathers’ flu” I heard Susan say to Austin as I went towards the office to see him.
“Why?” Austin asked.
“Because I don’t see the point of cooking and he doesn’t want to do anything” Susan sobbed.
I felt incredibly guilty even though it wasn’t my fault, I knew how much Christmas meant to me and that was when I had the thought of inviting the three of them for Christmas Day.
Walking into the office I smiled at them both.
“Come for Christmas at my parents, my mother loves extra people on Christmas Day and we always have too much food” I explained.
“You don’t have to” Austin said taking my hand.
“I want to” I said to Austin before turning to his mum “Susan we can even make Brian a little meal, please say yes.”
“are you sure your mother will not mind? I should really call her” Susan said.
“Sure, she will not but here is her number, my mother’s name is Mo” I said writing down the number and passing to Susan.
“I’ll call her now, thank you Erin” Susan said, kissing me on the cheek before departing the office.
“You are too good” Austin huskily said pulling me by my hand to straddle his lap.
“I know” I smirked.
Leaning in Austin kissed me, and I rocked cheekily on his lap.
“Mmmmm that feels incredible but if you keep doing that, I will not be able to resist” Austin growled against my lips.
“That is my plan” I smirked.
Leaning in I kissed him on his lips and thrust my hands into his unruly hair.
Groaning against my mouth Austin picked me up and placed me on the desk.
“Behave” Austin smirked before kissing my bare neck.
“Make me” I cheekily responded.
Running his hands up my leg Austin rubbed the outside of my panties making me purr.
“This will have to be quick, are you sure?” Austin asked.
“Yes” I breathed.
Unzipping his flies and pulling down his boxers, Austin moved my panties to the side and slowly eased into me.
Arching my neck back I moaned loudly as Austin began to thrust in me in quick succession quickly building up my orgasm.
“Austin” I moaned.
“Shhhhh baby” Austin whispered before claiming my lips to silence my moans.
My orgasm came crashing around me as Austin came inside me with a violent shudder.
“Fuck that was intense” Austin groaned against my lips.
“What will Mr Santa think?” I smirked.
Kissing me again Austin slowly eased out of me.
Leaning over Austin took a tissue and wiped me down intimately.
“Now get back to work slave” Austin smirked.
Getting down from the desk I went to leave the office when Austin playfully slapped my bottom.

“As I am spending Christmas day with you would you mind if I stay over Christmas Eve and Boxing Day night?” Austin asked as I made us dinner.
“That sounds lovely although we need to go food shopping tomorrow night as I refuse to go on Christmas Eve” I explained.
Bringing the cod loins, new potatoes and salad over to my dining table I placed them in front of Austin and me.
“This looks delicious” Austin cooed which made me smile.
“What would you like at food shopping?” I asked, popping a new potato not so delicately in my mouth.
“Christmas tree crumpets” Austin said.
Laughing I wrote those on my list.
“What do you have on the list already?” Austin asked.
“The usual fruit, milk, tea, salad and veg. Malteser, marshmallows, cod loin, tuna, Wholemeal baguettes, wholemeal bread, eggs, matchmakers, after eights, jam, marmalade, crackers, shortbread, digestives, pork loin, soup, mushroom wellington, vegetable risotto and onion and cheese tartlets” I rattled the list off quickly.
“Christ” Austin laughed.
“Shit smoked salmon!” I exclaimed and wrote that down. 
“Erin” Austin sighed.
“Ham, pavlova and spray cream. Right I think that is everything oh gosh drinks! Diet Coke, wine and other drinks we can decide when we get there” I looked at my long list and looked happy.
I loved Christmas, there was so much choice!
“You are crazy but guess what?” Austin said.
“What?” I asked as Austin finished his food and walked to me.
“I love you” Austin whispered before kissing my forehead.
“Ditto” I replied.
“I fancy an early night tonight since you read that shopping list and considering we will be stuck in the supermarket tomorrow night” Austin said as he cleared up the plates.
“Sounds like a plan” I said before yawning, today had been a busy day at the grotto with only a few days until the big day.
I sat and watched as Austin cleaned and dried the dishes then wiped over the kitchen.
I couldn’t believe we went from detesting each other to this. 
I loved being with Austin, but I had a nagging feeling in my belly that the new year was fast approaching, what would that mean for us then?
“Bed babe” Austin said holding out his hand to me.
Grabbing his hand Austin picked me up in a fireman’s lift, playfully slapping my ass before carrying me into the bedroom.

“Happy Christmas Eve! Also known as the busiest day of the grotto!” Ricardo exclaimed at me as I walked up to the grotto hand in hand with Austin.
“Fabulous” I sarcastically said.
“You will be fine beautiful” Austin whispered in my ear.
Placing a kiss on my lips Austin went off to his father’s office leaving Ricardo smirking victoriously at me.
“You are in love!” Ricardo cooed.
“Hush” I said but smiled at Ricardo.
Yes, I was in love with Austin and that truly terrified me. 
Looking up I saw the huge line of children, most of the children were in fancy dress. There was an array of fancy dress from snowmen to princesses and the occasional elf. 
“Are you ready to do this?” Ricardo asked me as he opened the grotto. 
“Let’s do this Santa” I smirked, and we let the first child in.

“I am so tired!” Ricardo said, slumping in the sleigh.
“Oh my god so many children!” I sighed, sitting next to Ricardo.
“I cannot feel my feet” I exclaimed.
Ricardo leant down and grabbed my legs, pulling off my shoes Ricardo began to massage my feet.
“Oh my god that is AMAZING!” I groaned just as Austin walked towards the grotto.
“Ricardo what are you doing to my girlfriend?” Austin smirked.
“Sounds like I am giving her an orgasm, clearly you are not delivering as a man” Ricardo sarcastically said. 
I started laughing at Austin’s scowl, but I knew I would pay for this conversation later.
“Right lovebirds I am off to see my hubby and wait for the real Santa to deliver my presents. Considering you both are on the naughty list you will receive no presents tonight” Ricardo joked.
Putting my legs down Ricardo left the sleigh and went towards the exit of the garden centre. 
Standing up I went to Austin and wound my arms around his neck and kissed him on his lips.
“I need to deliver tonight then?” Austin growled against my lips.
“You always do” I reassured him and bit my lip.
Tugging on my bottom lip Austin made me groan.
Kissing me fiercely on my lip Austin picked me up and put me on the front of the sleigh.
Groaning against his mouth I grabbed Austin’s ass and pushed him closer.
“Hold on” Austin whispered and pulled away from my lips.
“Why?” I whined.
“We are not having sex on Santa’s sleigh in the middle of the garden centre, my dad’s office is private this is not” Austin firmly said.
“But this is fun” I pouted.
“Let’s take you home, you minx” Austin chuckled. 

Getting into my cabin Austin put two bags on the table.
“This is our outfits for tonight” Austin said taking out two shirts both red plaids.
“Oh god when you said outfits, I was thinking….” I started to say but stopped myself.
“Saucy minx” Austin smirked and planted a kiss on my forehead.
Passing me the shirt I saw that it was my actual size but was an oversized style which was my favourite style of pjs. 
The quality of the shirt was smooth and fantastic, I couldn’t wait to feel the material against my skin therefore I began to take the Mrs Santa’s outfit off much to Austin’s surprise.
I stood in front of Austin in my lingerie which I also began to peel off slowly.
“Fuck Erin” Austin growled.
Looking up at Austin his gaze was dark and hungry which made me feel incredibly powerful in that moment. 
“What?” I innocently asked and nakedly walked over to where Austin was stood.
Running my hands through his hair I placed a kiss against his lips which Austin intensified. 
Picking me up Austin placed me on the kitchen counter.
Trailing his hands down the side of my body I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled Austin closer to me.
“I love you” Austin breathed against my lips.
“I love you too” I confessed. 
“I had a whole evening planned of dinner and movies but right now I want to make love to you all night until Christmas is officially here” Austin whispered against my lips.
“Take me to bed” I breathed against his lips.
Picking me up Austin carried me to my bedroom where he laid me down on the bed and kissed me slowly.
“Make love to me Austin” I whimpered.
As Christmas Eve turned to Christmas Day Austin and I spent the night getting to know our bodies more deeply than before and I fell more in love with him than ever.

Austin, Susan, Kent and I arrived at my parents’ home on Christmas day morning to find that mum had laid out all the presents and had also made us all breakfast pastries, an assortment of eggs and multiple bottles of Bucks Fizz and Orange Juice. 
Everyone started to hand out presents and Austin pulled me onto his lap.
“This is from me” Austin nervously said handing me a ruby red wrapped present with a bow on the top.
Opening the present, I found a fitness watch that I remembered I had asked my mother for before Christmas, but she didn’t get, they must have been conferring. 
Taking the watch out the packet I saw that it was inscribed with:
‘You have my heart always, I love you, Yours Austin’ 
My eyes welled up with tears, I had never received such a thoughtful gift. 
“Thank you” I whispered and kissed him on his lips.
Taking out a red present I passed it to Austin.
“From me” I said.
After the present he got me I was worried if mine would measure up.
Opening the present Austin looked delighted when he saw I had bought him a briefcase.
“For New York next year, it can be worn as a satchel, I remember you said you wanted one for the corporate clients” I explained nervously.
Leaning over to me Austin kissed me intensely which I returned.
My father cleared his throat after a minute and Austin, and I chuckled.
“Dinners ready!!” My mother shouted from the kitchen.
Austin helped me up from the floor and we all made our way to the dining area where mum had laid the Christmas table with incredible food, drinks and decorations.
Christmas dinner looked incredible, my mother always outdid herself, but this was spectacular.
She had made two meats, turkey and pork. There was a vegetarian option of . For the sides there was everything you could wish for at Christmas from pigs in blankets to Yorkshire puddings to all the veg to fluffy roast potatoes.
Susan, Austin and Kent looked perfect as they sat with us on our table, it was a shame Brian could not join us.
“Mo this looks mouth-watering” Susan complimented my mother who blushed at the complement.
“We’ll tuck in everybody” my mother said, and we did just that.

We were completely stuffed from mum’s incredible meal.
I was sat in between Austin’s legs on the floor playing with his present he gave me.
“Who wants to play board games?” My dad asked and deposited monopoly, game of life and Cluedo onto the floor.
“Can we play game of life?” Susan asked and sat next door to Austin and me.
“Good plan” my mother said as she came in with a trolley full of nibbles and drinks.
“Help yourselves everyone” my mum said.
Going to the fire my mother lit the fire before settling onto the floor next to Susan.
“Can I set the game up?” Kent asked sitting on the other side of Kent and me.
It was cosy having everyone on the floor together with the fire on and the Christmas tree lit playing games, this was what Christmas was all about.
“Penny for your thoughts?” Austin whispered quietly in my ear.
Looking up I placed a kiss on his lips which he returned firmly but also carefully considering we were surrounded by our relatives.
“What was that for?” Austin asked and looked perplexed.
“I love you” I said.
“I love you too” Austin said kissing me on the lips again.
“You two have crappy colours because you are smooching” Kent said throwing Austin and I the white and yellow colours.
“Still going to beat you squirt” Austin teased Kent.
“Game on” Kent said, and we started to play the game.

“Thank you for having us” Susan said to my mum and kissed her on the cheek.
“It was our pleasure, send our love to Brian and that soup will help him” my mother said gesturing to the soup she gave Susan.
“I will, tell your husband thank you as well” Susan said.
“When he gets out of his whisky slump I will” my mother laughed.
“I am going to take mum home then I’ll be back” Austin said to me and kissed me on my lips.
“Cheers Mo” Austin said kissing my mum on her cheek.
Austin, Kent and Susan walked to Austin’s car and he blew me a kiss before he drove away into the night.
“You have a keeper there” my mother said, kissing me against my hair.
“I hope so” I sighed and walked towards the cabin.
“Erin!” My mother shouted.
“Yeah?” I said and turned around.
“I love you; you make me a proud mother how you have remained strong” my mother said running up to me and kissing me on my forehead.
“I love you mum” I said and gave her a big hug.

I was nervous as I waited for Austin to return from taking his mum and brother home.
I had a surprise for him when he returned, I had changed into a baby doll nightdress with lace around the bodice, I had hoped Austin would like it.
The knock on the door made me jump and I was delighted to find Austin stood there.
“Freezing out here!” Austin exclaimed as he came into my cabin.
“Austin...” I started to say.
“Fantastic day today wasn’t it? I had an amazing day...” Austin said but stopped as I dropped my robe to the floor revealing my baby doll.
Austin sauntered towards me looking hungrily up and down my body. 
“You didn’t need to do this...” Austin breathed.
Reaching out Austin ran his finger across my cleavage making me groan at his touch.
Grabbing my waist quickly Austin pulled me hard against his body.
“It doesn’t matter what you wear you are beautiful to me inside and out” Austin whispered.
“I know but I wanted tonight to be special” I whispered, draping my arms around his neck.
“Every moment with you is already special, I am a lucky man to have found you and that you coped with my crap” Austin sighed leaning his forehead against mine.
We stood there together for what felt like an eternity, Austin was my world and that terrified me.
“Take me to bed” I whispered.
Picking me up Austin carried me to my bedroom and laid me down on the bed.
Removing his clothes, he was naked except for his boxers and moved his body over mine.
Austin began kissing me fiercely and passionately. 
I didn’t want slow not tonight, I wanted him to consume me and devour me.
Arching my body into his I gripped my nails into Austin’s shoulder.
Austin began kissing and biting my neck causing me to groan.
“This will be quick tonight babe; I’ve wanted you all day” Austin growled.
Tearing off my new baby doll Austin groaned when he saw my sex was already bare. 
Removing his boxers quickly Austin thrusted deep into me causing me to cry out.
Austin began to thrust in and out of me quickly and I gripped onto his shoulders to match his thrusts.
Both our orgasms came quickly and loudly but we didn’t just have one orgasm they rolled on and on and on.
Eventually Austin rolled off me and we both lay sweaty and panting.
“Erin?” Austin said.
“Yeah?” I breathlessly said.
“Merry Christmas” Austin said.
“Merry Christmas” I said and laughed. 
What an amazing Christmas.

“The things I could do to Erin” I heard max say as I cleared up the grotto after the busy day.
“Shut up” I heard Austin snarl.
“What’s got your knickers in a twist? Fancy a bit of Mrs Santa Claus?” Max taunted.
“As if, she is a cheap little hag” I heard Janice sneer and Ella’s high pitched laugh in response.
“I said shut up!” Austin shouted.
Looking around from where I was stood in the grotto, I could see Austin looked furious and had his fists gripped.
“Fancy a bit of the sluts pussy, do you?” Max taunted.
Austin turned around and quickly punched max in the nose and a loud crunching nose radiated around the empty garden centre.
“Jesus!” I heard Ricardo shout.
“Oh my god” Janice said.
Max’s nose was streaming with blood and Austin stormed away towards the office.
I quickly went into the first aid box we had in the grotto and produced a cloth.
Walking over to max I handed him the cloth and led him to sit on one of the presents.
“I’ll go and get Susan” I said.
“Thanks, you should just let me bleed” max quietly said.
Running into the cafe I found Susan mopping the floor.
“Erin hi!” Susan said but looked down at my bloody hands in confusion.
“We need a first wider, Max had a nose altercation. I have the first aid kit from the grotto and gave him compression” I explained hurriedly.
“Good idea, I’ll get ice and be there shortly” Susan said before running to the kitchen.
Going back in the grotto area I could see that Janice and Ella had deserted, Ricardo was in the far corner reading leaving max on his own looking quite bloody.
“Susan will clean you up in a bit” I said to max.
“I’m sorry Erin for acting like a dick” Max said.
“You all do when you are together” I explained when Susan came back with two bowls.
“Can you take this to Austin and clean him up, there is a first aid kit in the office” Susan explained passing me the bowl and sitting next to max.
Walking to the office I found Austin slumped on the floor with his head in his hands.
Silently I entered the office and got the first aid kit from the corner before sitting with Austin on the floor.
“Hey” I said.
Reaching tentatively out I took his hand in mine and began cleaning up his wound from where he hit max.
“You don’t deserve being spoken to like that” Austin growled.
“You shouldn’t have hit him” I whispered.
Reaching out Austin tucked a loose strand of hair behind my ear.
“Anything for you” Austin whispered.
Leaning towards me Austin kissed me on the lips forcefully.
Reaching out he grabbed my waist and pulled me into his embrace with his legs around me and me straddling his lap.
“I love you Erin” Austin breathed.
Running my hand across his face I placed a kiss on his lips.
“I know but I do feel sorry for max and his nose” I said.
“He will live” Austin said and shrugged his shoulders.
“You are terrible” I chuckled and kissed him again.
Deepening the kiss Austin leant out and shut the office door.
Reaching under the costume Austin rubbed against my panties.
“Wait your mum is down the hall” I sighed against his lips.
“As is Ricardo and max but I don’t care, I need to be inside of you, I need you Erin” Austin growled.
Kissing him again Austin unzipped his jeans and unbuttoned his boxers releasing his already hard erection.
Moving my panties to the side Austin slowly moved himself inside of me.
Arching my back, I loved how Austin fit snuggly inside of me, it was as if I could feel him everywhere.
Austin groaned and gripped my ass before he slowly began moving in and out of me.
I began to bounce on his lap which made him groan louder.
I loved being on top as it made me feel as if I was in control of this moment which I craved.
“Austin” I moaned.
Austin kissed my lips quickly to silence me.
“Hush remember who is down the hall” Austin chuckled against my lips.
“Oops” I whispered and bit my lip.
Austin tugged on my bottom lip which made me groan.
Kissing me again Austin began to move quicker as did I, both of us could feel our orgasms heighten.
As they both came crashing down, we kissed each other violently to ensure we didn’t scream out.
As Austin held me, I knew that I had gotten in too deep and he could destroy me in an instance and the worse part? I would let him.

Getting settled into the sofa on my pjs I heard someone knocking on my door.
Opening the door, I found Austin stood there holding a gingerbread making kit, two takeaway packets and a bottle of Prosecco.
“Thank god, I’m freezing my butt off out here” Austin said, bundling into the room and spraying snow across my floor.
“What are you doing here? I thought we were taking a night off” I asked Austin who dumped his backpack on the floor.
“I felt like I owed you after what happened today with them, can we have a slumber party?” Austin sincerely asked.
“No because we are not twelve” I sarcastically said but did smile at him.
Walking over to me Austin kissed me lightly on the lips “I’m sorry” he breathed against them.
“You already said that earlier after you punched your friend” I whispered.
“Can I stay? I kind of need you tonight” Austin asked.
“Sure” I said stroking his cheek with my fingernail which he leaned into and closed his eyes.
“Ok I bring gingerbread making kit, Prosecco, a cheesy Christmas movie and roast turkey Take-out from that amazing pub up the road” Austin said dumping the bits onto my dining table.
“And I bring hot chocolate, flake, whipped cream and marshmallows” I laughed.
Austin opened the Take-out boxes and took out two plates which he served them on.
The food smelt divine.
Taking out two mugs from my cupboard Austin popped open the Prosecco which he poured into the mugs.
“I really need to invest in wine glasses, but I rarely drink” I explained.
I took a sip on the Prosecco which instantly went to my head but tasted like strawberries.
“Oh, it is pink” I exclaimed excitedly which made Austin chuckle.
“It is strawberry Prosecco from the pub I got the takeout from and the gingerbread kit is from the bakery up the road. I like purchasing local” Austin explained, and I melted a little more at his sincerity.
“God this is divine” I moaned putting another piece of turkey in my mouth.
“So are those sounds” Austin smirked.
Blushing I looked away, but Austin touched my chin to make me look back at him.
“You know how much I want you and I think I am... actually never mind” Austin quietly said and looked away from me.
“Shouldn’t you be gaming tonight? Isn’t it gaming night with your online gamers?” I asked.
“I told them I had plans with my girlfriend” Austin said looking back at me.
“Girlfriend?” I asked.
“If you want to be, I know we have known each other for only a few days but I feel I’ve known you all my life. I want you to be mine, my girlfriend” Austin explained huskily.
“Ok” I quietly said.
“What?!” Austin exclaimed a little shocked, I think.
“Ok” I said a little louder although I did wonder deep down if I was making the right choice, but Austin made me happy and alive which is what I needed.
Getting up he quickly came around the table and gave me a deep kiss which I returned and wound my hands around his neck.

“Hey Erin and Austin” A sheepish looking Max said as he walked towards the grotto.
“What do you want?” Austin snarled.
Touching Austin’s arm, I smiled tentatively at Max.
“I am sorry mate and Erin; I was an idiot” Max grumbled.
“It is ok, how is your nose?” I asked gesturing to his bruise and scarred nose.
“I deserved it” Max shrugged.
Max looked over at Austin who looked furious.
“Can we talk mate in your dad’s office?” Max asked nervously.
“No” Austin snapped.
“Give him a chance” I whispered to Austin.
Austin looked down at me and kissed me on my lips.
“Fine” Austin growled.
I watched them go and decided that if I didn’t see them after 30 minutes, I would go looking for them in case Austin decided to murder Max.

“What is going on with you and Erin then?” Max asked.
“She is my girlfriend, I’m in love with her. She is magnificent, beautiful and infuriating” Austin said which made me smile.
“I’m happy for you dude” Max said.
“What?! But you an asshole towards her well except for today” Austin said.
“At the beginning when Janice and Ella were around yeah. I shouldn’t have been though, but I always act like a dick around them” Max sighed.
“Me too well I did before Erin came along” Austin said.
“Can I tell you a secret?” Max asked
“Sure, mate anything” Austin said.
“I’ve got a girlfriend, her name is Lisa she works in the supermarket up the road and studying to become a vet, same age as us” Max said
“Wait how long for?!” Austin exclaimed.
“Eleven months and fifteen days” Max said.
“How come you never told me?” Austin asked quietly.
“Because of how you acted in our group, I thought you would judge Lisa for her job” max responded.
“Fuck mate I’m sorry. I am happy for you. We should do a double date” Austin said.
Max chucked “I think Lisa and Erin would be brilliant together”
I decided I could wait no longer for the presents and knocked on the open door.
“Hey, we’ve nearly ran out of presents” I said smiling at Max who gave me a big smile back.
“Catch you later dude, laters Erin” Max said and kissed me on my cheek.
“Come and get them” Austin smirked gesturing to the presents under the desk.
Walking towards him I knew he was being mischievous. 
Leaning over his body I deliberately brushed my breasts against his chest as I tried to reach down to get the presents.
Running his hand up my stocking clad leg Austin placed a kiss on my bare neck.
“I love you Erin” Austin huskily whispered.
Standing quickly up I looked at him shocked for a moment, even though I heard Austin tell Max it was different when he was telling me now.
“I love you Erin” Austin repeated grabbing my waist and pulling me between his legs.
Running my hand down his face I placed a kiss on his lips “I love you too” I whispered against his lips.
“Thank fuck for that” Austin breathed a sigh of relief and kissed me firmly.
“However, my husband Santa will be upset if I do not replenish the presents” I smirked.
Leaning down he kicked up the box of presents and put them on his lap.
“Tell your husband you are busy with your lover” Austin smirked kissing my lips again and intensifying the kiss. 
Moaning I succumbed to his kiss however quickly remembered the grotto.
“I have to go; my boss is a pain in the ass” I chuckled taking the presents and leaving the room.
Walking down the corridor I bit my lip as I remember Austin loved me. 
Tomorrow would be the last day of the year and my last day at the grotto.
I had a hopeful feeling that next year was going to be an interesting year.

Taking the plate of cheese, crackers and leftovers from Christmas Day over to Austin I found he had made the sofa bed with my duvet and pillows.
“I thought we could stay here tonight” Austin said.
Smiling I sat next to him and put the plate on his lap before stretching over the wine and glasses.
“Sounds like a plan” I said settling in next to Austin.
“You make me whole” Austin whispered in my ear before the side of my head.
Looking up at him I kissed Austin on the lips delicately, he tasted like coffee and biscuits.
“Mmmmm” I murmured against his lips.
“I love you Erin” Austin breathed against my lips.
“I love you too Austin even if you are an ass” I chuckled.
Smirking he picked up a slice of turkey which he stuffed in his mouth.
Picking up a red grape Austin plopped it into my mouth, and I moaned as I deliberately sucked the red grapes juices.
Narrowing his eyes at me Austin ran his hands up my bare legs and towards my panties.
“Two can play at that game beautiful” Austin growled.
Suddenly someone knocked on the door.
“Tell them to bugger off” Austin growled.
Laughing I went and opened the door to find my best friend standing there with a bag of presents.
“Sorry I had to work Christmas Eve and day, fuckers at work. Oh, hello handsome man!” She said to Austin who kissed the back of my head.
“Pleasure, Austin” he said and held out his hand.
“BEST FRIENDS NAME” she said smirking at me knowingly.
“You shouldn’t have, would you like to come in?” I asked.
“Can’t I have presents to deliver I am two days behind, and you know how my nephew Troy gets like” she sighed and rolled her eyes.
Leaning in she gave me a cuddle.
“I am glad you are happy” she whispered in my ear.
“If you hurt her, I will chop your balls off” she threatened Austin.
“Wouldn’t dream of it” Austin said in my ear.
“Are you free New Year’s Eve?” I asked.
“No, I am in the city with that guy I told you about” she said.
“Exciting, stay safe” I said and waved as she ran back to her car and then shut my door.
“Where were we?” Austin growled picking me up and throwing me on sofa bed.
Giggling I reached up and pulled Austin’s head to mine to kiss his lips.
Wrapping my legs around his waist Austin began to move his body against mine.
“I was thinking” Austin breathed in between kisses on my neck.
“Mmmmm” I muttered as I succumbed to the pleasure of his mouth on my skin.
“Next year come travelling with me” Austin whispered in my ear before sucking on my earlobe.
“Mmmmm” I responded.
“Are you even listening?” Austin chuckled.
“Mmmmm” I answered as he ran his hand over my breast and started kneading.
Chuckling Austin leant down and kissed me fiercely.
Trailing his hand to my panties I felt him move them to the side before he entered two fingers inside of me making me gasp against his lips.
Rubbing my clit with his thumb he mercilessly moved his fingers in and out of me.
Before my orgasm could come crashing around me, he removed his fingers and thumb before quickly thrusting deep inside of me causing me to cry out in pleasure.
“Fuck” Austin growled gripping my ass tightly with his fingernails.
“Austin” I moaned clawing at his back.
Austin began moving quickly in and out of me hitting me straight at my core.
I needed him, I wanted him, and, in that moment,  I was drowning in his touch, in how our bodies melted together and how much I loved in which truly terrified me.
“Please” I whimpered.
“Now my love” Austin growled against my lips.
Claiming my lips with his own Austin and I trembled as we came together and, in that moment, I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with him.

“What are your plans for next year?” Austin asked me as I lay nakedly on his naked body.
“I have no plans, I was hoping to travel and take my degree to do freelance accountancy work” I sighed, comfortable with his bare skin on mine.
“I was also thinking of taking the business on the road” Austin quietly said, running his finger down my bare back.
“Mmmmm” I muttered, relaxing into his touch.
“I have quite a few people interested in my work in America, Canada and New Zealand” Austin said, trailing his finger further down my back towards my buttocks. 
Moaning I began to rotate against his leg, allowing the friction to increase my already heightened arousal.
Flipping me over Austin hovered over me and bit his lip.
“I love you Erin” Austin whispered huskily.
“I love you Austin” I whispered back.
Trailing my hands up his back I wound them around his neck and pushed Austin’s lips to mine.
Easing himself into me Austin slowly began making love to me.
Arching into his body I tried to make him go quicker but he didn’t.
“I love you Erin” Austin growled against my lips as he thrust deeply inside of me hitting me straight into my core. 
Tilting my head back I groaned loudly, savouring how Austin felt inside of me.
Austin quickened the pace of the thrusts as we both began to reach our climaxes.
Gripping my nails into his back I clenched around him as my orgasm came as a tidal wave. 
“Erin!” Austin shouted as he shuddered, climaxing inside of me. 
Rolling off Austin leant on his side looking at me.
“I have a question to ask you at the New Year’s Eve party tomorrow night” Austin huskily said.
Looking over at him he seemed nervous which gave me butterflies in my stomach.
“I look forward to it” I whispered, cuddling into his body.
“Sleep time baby” Austin breathed in my ear, moving my duvet over us.

Waking up I rolled over and placed a kiss on Austin’s shoulder.
“Morning beautiful” Austin said, smiling down at me.
“Morning handsome” I responded, placing a kiss on his lips.
“Last day of the grotto today, how does Mrs Santa feel?” Austin asked while stroking my back.
“I am going to miss my husband” I sighed jokily earning a tickle in my ribs from Austin.
Rolling over me Austin hovered his naked body over mine.
Winding my arms around his neck I pushed Austin’s head down to mine and kissed him.
“I love you” Austin whispered against my lips.
“I love you too” I replied bumping my nose against his.
Opening my legs Austin eased himself into me.
I loved how snuggly Austin felt inside of me, the sensation felt like home.
Gripping my nails into his shoulder we started moving slowly together as we made love to each other.
Taking my lips in his, Austin quickened his pace as both our orgasm heightened and crashed down together.
Holding each other tightly, our bodies shuddered together from our orgasms.
“I’m worried about next year” I admitted.
“I have got you” Austin whispered and started making love to me again.

My hair was still a mess from the shower when someone decided to knock on my door at 7am.
Opening the door, I found Austin stood there grinning at me.
“Garden centre closed for the day as we working boxing day” Austin said as he entered my cabin.
“But that means we only have two more trading days” I said a little shocked.
Austin quickly walked up to me and kissed me silencing my worries.
“Always thinking of other people” Austin said huskily against my lips.
“I am taking you out for the day to a Christmas market” Austin excitedly said.
“Wait did you say a Christmas market?!” I exclaimed. 
“Indeed” Austin grinned as he saw how excited I was. 
“You listened” I sighed walking up to him and wrapping my arms around his neck.
“Always” Austin whispered and kissed my lips.
I intensified the kiss, but Austin became like stone and moved his lips away from mine.
“If we carry on then we will not make it to the market as it is its last day. Come on get dressed and brush that hair you look like a wolf” Austin laughed.
Growling at Austin I went into my bedroom and quickly brushed the tangles from my hair and threw on jeans and a jumper. 
Looking in the mirror my hair finally looked decent. 
Walking back into the kitchen I found Austin dancing around eating a banana.
For a moment I leant against the fridge and watched him, Austin was annoyingly handsome and all mine. 
“We will grab breakfast on the way” Austin said grabbing my bag and jacket before pulling me out the door.

“This is incredible!” I exclaimed as we pulled up at the Christmas market.
“It is not as amazing as it would be the run up to Christmas, sorry I couldn’t bring you then” Austin quietly said and gripped the steering wheel.
“Don’t be silly” I said, leaning over to place a kiss on his lips which Austin intensified.
“How about dogging instead?” He smirked.
Smacking his shoulder, I started to laugh.
“You are beautiful” Austin sighed, stroking the side of my face.
Looking away I blushed in embarrassment and looked out at the market.
It was picture perfect with hot chocolate stalls, Christmas trees and fake snow on the roofs.
“Seriously though, thank you for bringing me” I smiled over at Austin who looked embarrassed.
“Let’s go your soppy ass” Austin chuckled.
Opening the car door, I got out and was instantly hit with the smell of baking, I think it was mince pies, but the smell was intoxicating.
“Where too first?” Austin asked coming up next to me and kissing my neck.
“Surprise me” I said.
Holding out his hand to me I put my hand in Austin’s and he pulled me into the market

Getting back to the car after a busy day at the Christmas market our arms were laden with bags of goodies.

“I have nowhere to put any of this, you never told me it was on sale!” I said to Austin as he put the bags in his boot.

“Last day means bargains” Austin shrugged.

“I swear you are deliberately leading me down the path of darkness” I said leaning against the boot.

Austin leant forward and kissed my lips before kissing my forehead.

“I love you Erin” Austin breathed.

“I love you Austin” I replied leaning up and kissing him.

Austin kissed me back fiercely wrapping his arms around my waist and pulling me close.

“Take me home” I whispered against Austin’s lips


“It’s the LAST DAY! And happy NEW YEARS EVE!” Ricardo shouted at me as I entered the grotto in my Mrs Santa’s outfit for the last time.
“What are your plans for next year?” I asked Ricardo.
“Lucas and I are getting married and moving to his native home in Canada as he will be taking over his parents fishing shop” Ricardo said and sounded delighted.
“Amazing, you must email me photographs. You have my contact details” I said as we both opened the grotto doors.
“I promise angel” Ricardo said kissing me on the cheek before sitting on the Santa’s chair.
Looking out at the queue of children form I felt a little sad, I genuinely was going to miss the grotto.

“And that is the final child” Ricardo said as the last little blonde girl exited the grotto.
“Feel kind of sad” I admitted.
“Me too, this has been rather fun and felt worthwhile” Ricardo said.
The garden centres lights dimmed as the centre shut for the last time of this year.
“Let’s dismantle the grotto” I sadly said.
Apparently dismantling a grotto and Christmas forest was easier than putting one up as Ricardo and I completed the dismantling in 30 minutes.
Standing back Ricardo and I looked at the bare spot where our work home was for the last seven days, all that was left was a pile of fake snow on the floor.
“Hey” I heard Austin say from behind me.
Wrapping his arm around me Austin placed a kiss against my hair.
“Let’s go home” Austin whispered.
“Yours or mine?” I asked, leaning my body back against his.
“Yours” Austin whispered in my ear.
“I will see you both later with Lucas, I need to go and make myself beautiful” Ricardo said before quickly walking away.
Turning around I wrapped my arms around Austin’s neck and kissed him.
“Lovebirds make sure you are back for 7 o’clock” Susan came up to us which made me blush.
“Let’s go home” Austin said, kissing me on my lips.

Looking in the mirror I examined all the angles of the dress that Austin had purchased for me to wear at the party.
The dress fit my body perfectly; the entire dress was emerald with a knee-high length and was long sleeved; the neckline was a v neck; there were sequin
embellishment scattered throughout therefore when the light hit the sequins sparkled: and the bodice was fitted yet the skirt was a tutu style. 
I looked quite good considering however I was struggling to reach the zip as my arm was not long enough. 
“Are you ready.... yet?” Austin asked, standing in the doorway and gazing at me.
Austin looked mesmerising in his navy slim fitted suit and gelled hair. 
“You look beautiful” Austin breathed.
Walking towards me he moved my hair to the side and ran his finger down my bare back.
Reaching the zipper Austin slowly zipped me up, when he reached my neck me placed a kiss on my bare neck.
“Pass me the hair clip” I said gesturing to the silver hair clip on the table.
Passing the hair clip Austin expertly slipped it into my hair leaving my bare neck exposed and my hair to the side. 
Gazing at us in the mirror we looked powerful and perfect, I was glad that I had met Austin, he makes my world whole.
“Let’s go before I tear this dress off” Austin growled in my ear.
Taking his hand in mine I grabbed my clutch and we went together to his car.

Pulling up at the garden centre Susan and Ricardo had successfully decorated it immaculately.
Walking inside we saw that they had two flame effect lamps that were on the entrance with a black and white carpet trailing from the entrance to the cafe where there were only one large circular table to the side and the rest of the tables were scattered to the side.
A large Christmas tree in black, silver and white decorations was in the corner and took up most of the room.
There was a light effect that was projecting snowflakes across the room.
“This is perfect” I said to Austin and squeezed his hand.
He looked down at me and gave me an illuminating smile before leaning down and placing a kiss on my lips.
“Hi!” Susan came up to us both and placed a kiss on our cheeks.
Ricardo and a dashing fellow who must be Ricardo’s husband Lucas also came up to us and kissed our cheeks.
“Lucas this is my magnificent Mrs Santa Claus and her dashing boyfriend and my boss’s son Austin, they are adorable together” Ricardo gushed making me blush.
“Pleasure” Lucas said and did a little bow.
“Take a seat, refreshments are all over there. We have Pimms, schnapps, beer, coke, Fanta, tea, hot chocolate, cocoa, Buck’s Fizz and for later Prosecco. I will finish the roast dinner which is beef, turkey and pork with all the trimming and puddings is a strawberry and blackberry roulade. For later we have nibbles like crisps, breadsticks, biscuits and baguettes” Susan explained and was a little breathless when she finished. 
“Amazing, do you need any help?” I asked Susan kindly, but she shook her head and ran away to finish the roast dinner.
“I love her” Ricardo said.
“Me too” I said smiling up at Austin who smiled at me back.
“Can I get you both a drink?” Austin asked Lucas and Ricardo.
“Yes, please I will have schnapps” Ricardo said.
“I will have a lemonade and lime please” Lucas requested.
“What can I get you beautiful?” Austin asked me, placing a kiss on my forehead.
“Pimms and lemonade please” I requested, and Austin placed a kiss on my lips before getting the drinks.
“You must be Erin!” I heard a women’s voice say from behind me.
Turning around Max was walking towards me with a plump pretty woman who must be Lisa.
“You must be Lisa” I exclaimed and placed a kiss on her cheek.
“Max” I greeted max by placing a kiss on his cheek.
“Shall we all sit?” Ricardo said.
“You must be Ricardo and are you Ricardo’s partner?” Lisa said to Ricardo and Lucas.
“Yes, and who may you be?” Lucas smiled at Lisa.
“This is Lisa my boyfriend” Max smiled at Lucas before placing a kiss on her lips.
“So much love!” Ricardo exclaimed.
We got to the table and everyone looked awkward.
“Erin!!!” I heard a familiar’s boys voice say.
“Kent my man” I laughed and fist pumped Kent.
“Ok guys and dolls seating plan, Lisa you are here; on the left side of you is Max of course then on your right is Erin next to Erin is Austin then mum then Mo then Ron then Lucas then my bestie Ricardo then me next to Max. Shame dad is not here but he said he is exhausted” Kent explained.
We all pulled our chairs out and sat down as Austin returned with the drinks from earlier.
“What can I get everyone else?” Austin asked the rest of the table.
“Isn’t this spectacular?” I heard my mum Mo say.
Standing up from my chair I placed a kiss on mum and dad’s cheek.
“Where is Susan?” My mum asked.
“In the kitchen cooking” I said gesturing to the kitchen.
“I will go and help” my mum said and went to the kitchen.
“What can I get you Ron?” Austin came up behind me and wound his arm around my waist.
“A beer please Austin” dad said and shook his shoulder playfully.
“Let’s sit” I said to dad and we walked together to our seats.
“Ricardo and Lucas, you and Susan have decorated the cafe brilliantly” my dad awkwardly said, he never was great giving compliments.
Austin came back over to the table and gave everyone their drinks before kissing my forehead.
“Dinner is ready!” My mum said handing out plates of food.
When Susan came over to the table, we all silently tucked into our meals.

“Travel with me” Austin breathed against my lips as we danced together as the year ended.
“What?” I whispered.
“Come with me travelling, we can go wherever we want, wherever you want” Austin offered.
Kissing my lips delicately I moved my hands into his hair to pull him closer earning a groan from Austin.
“Ten, nine, eight...” people started to chant around us.
“What do you say beautiful, fancy an adventure with me?” Austin whispered in my ear before biting my earlobe making me whimper.
“Five, four, three, two....” people carried on counting down around us but to me it felt like there was just the two of us.
“Yes” I breathed against Austin’s lips and he smiled widely.
“One!!!! Happy New Year!!!!!!” Everyone screamed around us and Austin dipped me down in his arms and kissed me fiercely.
“Happy New Year, Erin” Austin breathed against my lips and moved me back up.
“Happy New Year Austin” I whispered back and kissed him as we stood together in the new year.


Current Books by Kim Thomas  
Animal Eye
The Ex Files
My Immortal Lover 
The Ex Lover 
The Ex Addiction 
The Christmas Kiss 
Burning Desire 
The Hotel Guest 
The Office Affair 
Girl on Fire 
Life as I See It
 
Connect with Kim Thomas 
Twitter & Instagram: @xlilangel4lyfx
Blog: kimthomaswriting.wordpress.com  
Email: kimthomaswriting@gmail.com 

