The Perfect Gentleman
By Yvonne Sibanda
Copyright 2020 Yvonne Sibanda
Cover photo by Vitor Pinto from unsplash.com
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems - except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews – without permission in writing from the author, Yvonne Sibanda. This book is a work of fiction.
The characters, events, and places portrayed in this book are products of the author’s imagination and are either fictitious or are used fictitiously. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental and not intended by the author.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
The Perfect Gentleman
Acknowledgements
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Epilogue
Excerpt of The Inconvenient Marriage
About Author
Also by Author


Acknowledgements.
To Dr. K C Moonga, thank you for making it possible for my books to be read throughout the world, and also the encouragement to not give up, I am forever grateful for that. To my family, thank you for your unwavering support.

Chapter 1
Greg felt like taking a risk for once by doing something daring to close his current chapter in life.  He had written his last paper at varsity and hence decided to join his friends as they celebrated by painting the town red. He felt it was a bad idea, yet joined them on their crazy drinking spree and stunts as they dared each other to do the most outrageous things. Responsibilities awaited them back home and the four young men knew that this was the only chance they could ever act outside the norm. All came from well to do families and their duties and responsibilities lay there. 
Now inside the brothel, each wondered what they had got themselves into. Madam Susan was famous in the town with her girls. They catered for the elite clientele and she always made sure that she provided the best.  The huge mansion she owned at the end of the town, beckoned to all men who could afford her services. They watched one slender girl swing on the pole effortlessly and whistled before turning to buy more alcohol at the bar. The bar they were in, looked just like any other with a stage where the strippers strutted their stuff and the bar man showed off his expertise in mixing cocktails. 
A casino was located in the underground room while a few private rooms were situated on the floor above the bar. "Rriightt Greg its time..." Dominic his best friend slurred as he slid from the seat. Ethan had fallen asleep on the chair and was softly snoring away. Brad got up also, wobbled a bit and smirked when he regained his balance as his world stopped whirling around him. You are not drunk, he muttered to himself as he looked at Greg expectantly. Their saintly friend was in for a rude awakening. 
Greg regarded his friends and wondered why they looked drunk when he didn’t feel drunk at all. He felt sober even after the alcohol he had consumed. He gulped down more, and it silkily slid down his throat and brought some warmth into his gut. He was nervous and he wandered why. Maybe it was all because his friends had convinced him to get it over with and lose his virginity. How they even came to talking about it, he wondered. All he knew was that his love was gone, the one he would have wanted to share this special moment with. She had disappeared out of the face of the earth. 
Her ugly aunt with a wart reminding him of a witch had locked her away somewhere else and he couldn't find her. Off course the aunt didn't have a wart on her face, but because it was always sullen, his mind always pictured her with it. 
Why was he even thinking about her and being melancholic about it. His sweet Sophie, the sixteen year old who looked twenty, had long legs that looked endless and a dazzling smile. She used to plait long braids and loved high heeled shoes even though she already possessed the body and height of a model and didn’t need them. She was his kind of woman. Greg chuckled as he pondered, he had met her when she was sixteen and it was his first year of varsity. Now she must be nineteen, ripe for the plucking. 
Maybe he was drunk after all. He laughed out loud and looked to his two friends who were still wide awake as they grabbed him on both arms and whispered in unison, "Don't back down now." They slowly tottered up the stairs to the rooms, holding each other for balance. They came to the room at the end of the corridor and shoved their friend in. He momentarily lost his balance and when he turned having second thoughts and wanted to escape, they closed the door in his face, giggling like school girls leaving him trapped with whichever prostitute they had hired for him.  
The room was dimly lit, but he could make out a double bed which had a pink bed spread with frills on the edges. He wondered why such a scene seemed out of place. The bed, the bureau and full length wall mirror all seemed to be things that could be found in a normal bedroom of a school girl. He imagined some teddies scattered on it. He walked towards the chair at the end of the bed, settled down and waited. No backing out or he would look a fool to his friends.  
She came in from another room and he watched her sashaying towards him. Her legs looked endless and every part of her was flawless. Her young breasts danced around as she walked and approached him on the chair. She was dressed in sexy lacy red panties and six inch heels. While her eyes were covered with a lacy looking mask and her lips were painted red. He chuckled realizing his friends selection was far from what they had jested they would provide, the French maid theme. She wasn’t that, what they had chosen was a temptress. He could feel his heart racing and his body tightening as he became aroused in a way he hadn’t before. As she drew closer she swayed her hips and did a dance on his lap. She smelled good, a scent that was alluring at the same time dark and mysterious. She pulled him up to his feet and led him to the bed. "What can I do for you honey," she purred in his ear, before she shoved him onto it. 
He fell on it effortlessly captivated by her and having a niggling feeling that something was wrong. What she was doing and her surroundings seemed to be in contrast. Greg was caught up in the moment as she skillfully caressed his chest and arms. Now he understood why the men kept on coming back to the place. His friends had mentioned in passing that they had chosen for him the gem of the brothel called Sparkle. It was actually Madame’s choice hence he was lucky to have been given her, because she catered to just a few clients, was highly prized and worth every penny or cent.  
Greg pulled her towards him and tried to kiss her as he became more and more aroused by what she was doing to him. Instead he kissed her long neck. She helped him take off his shirt and stroked his well-toned chest. Sliding over his body, she tugged at his jeans and shorts as he helped her by raising himself so she could remove his clothes. She finally came back to his member and breathed some warm air on it, making him feel faint with need. She did things with her mouth he never thought possible. He grasped her hair as he enjoyed the feel of her and was shocked when her hair came off. 
As he had suspected, she was wearing a wig. She chortled after she was done and asked, "Did you enjoy that". Greg was in a daze. He had noticed the switch to her standard lamp was near the bed. He wanted to see this temptress that could make his body pulse the way it did. The dimness in the room wasn’t appealing to him as his mind felt like it was being played tricks on. The shadows and the body he was seeing were all wrong, not at all of the prostitute but his darling Sophie. She had been on his mind for so long, that he thought he had for some few minutes imagined being with her and not this woman. This would explain the effect she was having on him. He reached out with his hand and flicked on the switch and light flooded through the room momentarily taking both occupants off guard. Greg was well sated and feeling sleepy but when he looked at the temptress, all the drowsiness fled as he saw his hostess. She was wearing a lacy mask over her eyes but he could still identify her. He opened his eyes wide when realization dawned on him. 
Sophie was caught off guard as she hadn’t expected that he would switch on the light. She used to dim them to create a sense of mystery and her clients’ preferred it that way. Out there in the real world, no one knew what she did for a living. The men also did not care to find out on how she looked like. She was still wearing her lacy mask, stuck on her skin but she suspected Greg already knew who she was, as she noted first the confusion in his eyes, the horror, disgust and finally the anger as he scowled at her.
"What the hell is going on here," he bellowed, as he scrambled from the bed.
"Don't shout," she advised, “and this is what’s going on, you hired me for some hours, so I am giving you what you asked for". What right did he have of becoming angry? She got up from the bed and they stared at each other as if strangers meeting for the first time.
Greg ground out and remarked, "You know what I mean Sparkle, is this what you have become?" He glared at her as he regretted what had recently taken place. His body hummed with satisfaction and he was more disgusted with himself as he stared at her and could not chase away from his mind, the beautiful brown eyed innocent teenager he had always chatted with at the convenience store ever since he started attending varsity. 
The love he thought he had lost and would never see again. He had a flash back on how every time whenever he saw her, she would be dressed in a uniform of the local girls’ school located in town. A blue shirt with a grey skirt which to him was a dull looking uniform except for the fact that it managed to show off her curves as her small waist  and wide hips were clearly defined on the four panel skirt. Her legs were endless and she gave the impression of being older than the sixteen years she was.  It was only when she turned and everyone caught a glimpse of her beautiful face, would they grasp the innocence and how young she really was. 
Her body had matured to the point people would mistake her for being older. After school she used to work at her aunts convenience store. It was during the days when Greg came to buy supplies that he met her. She was a foodie and longed to be a chef one day. She hated mathematics and sciences. Greg befriended her and was more than happy to help her out in that front and for her grades not to be dismal hence ruining her whole report card.  
He would come to the store after she dismissed from school and chat with her, admire her animated expressions as she derived joy from life. He used to marvel on how innocent she was, with no guile. The ladies he learnt with could be mean and spiteful at times, because along the way they lost that innocence that Sophie still possessed. Every time she looked at things or was fascinated about something she would have spotted or experienced, he felt like he was experiencing that with her for the first time. At times he even picked her from school and she complained as her friends would remark that she had caught herself a rich boyfriend from varsity. On Saturdays he would take her to the park where he would drive her harder as they delved into her most hated subjects.  
In his third year as part of the programme he went for his industrial training. When he came back after a year she was gone. He chided himself for letting her deny the gift of a mobile phone he had gifted her with. She refused, she was always modest and candidly stated that in no way would she receive anything expensive from him. His friendship was enough.  He assured her that there was nothing more to his interests in her apart from a brotherly affection; nevertheless she refused to take the gift. She giggled and remarked, "I will always be here; you will find me when you come back from your attachments,” except he didn't. He looked for her and even visited her overbearing aunt who informed him that she was staying with other relatives in another town. 
There was no digital trail and he didn’t know how to trace her as her aunt didn’t disclose any other information. He hired a private investigator but it was as if she had vanished from the face of the earth. Now it appeared that she was Sparkle a highly prized prostitute. He pulled upon his shorts and jeans, before wearing his t-shirt. He swore under his breath, cursing and calmed his frayed nerves. No longer did he feel the desire to be with her, but he was disgusted with himself. 
"You still haven’t answered my question Sophie, what happened to you". He expected her to break down and weep, beg to get out of the horrible place, instead she laughed and took the wig from her bed before sauntering off to take a shower. Disbelief was etched on his face as he followed her. She wasn’t embarrassed at all when he yanked the curtain but continued sponging her neck. When he saw her fully naked and having removed her lacy mask, he cursed again, yanked the curtain back to its position and shut the door. He settled on the bed and waited. He wasn’t going to leave until she explained herself to him. The more he waited the more irritated he became and she had the audacity to start singing in the shower. After she was done, Sophie looked at a peeved Greg and got ready for her next client. She checked on her tab on what was required of her by the client and looked for the appropriate costume for that role.
 "Sophia Daniels," Greg ground out, as he noticed that she was ignoring him and acting as if he wasn’t in the room. He hadn’t changed at all, Sophie thought as he was looking at her in a patronizing manner, like the young naughty sister he always saw her as. His handsome face had a hard edge to it now and the lopsided grin that used to melt her to the bone was gone. She had a huge crush on Greg ever since she met him. He was charming, handsome and sophisticated. Out of her reach by all means, as she was young and the poor relation of a convenience shop owner. They were worlds apart. He came from an affluent family, while her family was just ordinary, making a living from the proceeds of the convenience store. The tuition he paid per semester for the institution he attended would settle all her bills for a year, and also enable her to put some savings on the side.
"Life happened," she replied. Noting that her mouth had become a straight line, Greg decided not to push further but glowered at her conceding the round to her.  He shrugged his shoulders and instead resigned himself to pacing around her room, totally ignoring her and thinking on what to do next.  She was done and putting on her shoulder length red wig when Greg became aware of her getting ready again.
"What are you doing?" he asked as he slowly could feel his calmness slipping and he was losing his feigned coolness at the whole situation. “If you have nothing more to say, I have another client coming in so you can see yourself out."
Greg looked at her incredulously as she sauntered to the full view mirror and took another look at her appearance. She was dressed in a boob tube leather jumpsuit and six inched knee length leather boots; she was a sight to behold. She picked up a leather whip making him grimace as he imagined her spanking another man. Over his dead body would that take place. "To hell with your clients," Greg burst forth startling her before he banged the door after him. All the alcohol he had consumed appeared to have receded and no longer having any effect on him. He had spotted a room clearly labeled with Madams name on it as he came up the stairs with his friends. Since they had done the transaction as they had dared him to be with a prostitute, he didn’t know what he would find in there and he didn’t care.  He identified the door and budged into it without knocking, startling the woman who was sitting behind a desk and looking at her accounts. She gave the impression of someone in her 50s, but Greg guessed she was way older than that as she regally held herself like his grandmother. She had applied a little makeup in a way that still made her look natural. As Greg looked at the tiny woman, she exuded the air of a business woman as she was dressed in a black satin dress with a wide collar not revealing anything as expected but only hinting at a cleavage and not at all the prostitute she was. 
The office was graced with a large oak desk and brown leather seats, carpeted in with a plushy brown carpet and cabinets on the side. It was brightly lit as Madame loved to look at her accounts in the evenings and early morning. Madam Susan had stood up startled when he budged in, but when she noticed who it was, she smiled and beckoned to Greg to take a seat.
"Isn't it the young Henderson? How can I be of assistance," she purred. The art of seduction clung to her like a second skin and Greg’s mind shifted to how Sophie had been able to pull it off. She learnt from the best. 
"I want her for the whole night, cancel all her clients," he commanded. After watching his grandfather broker deals he knew how to hold his own end.
Madam Susan chuckled and said, "It will cost you; she is the gem on demand."
"If its money you are worried about don't be, just get rid of them."
She reached towards the phone at the end of the desk and made some calls before she smiled at him and stated, "All sorted."  He handed her, his visa card and entered his pin number before receiving it back after the transaction had been completed. He didn’t care at all on what being with Soph for the whole night would cost him, he still had to talk to her and he could only do so in that manner, by paying for her services. Greg rose from the seat relieved.
He thought it would be difficult and was ready for a fight. As he walked towards the door, he turned and smiled at the madam who smirked at the young Henderson as he revealed his charm at full force. 
Sophie was in shock when she saw Greg come into her room as she thought it was her client. Since she had witnessed the disgust in his eyes, she hadn’t expected him to come back. 
"What happened to my client?" she glowered at him as he innocently smiled and whispered, “You are mine for tonight”, before he shut the door with his leg and turned to face her. 
"You can’t be serious," Sophie retorted outraged. He was wearing a triumphant expression on his face as he drew closer to her. She threateningly showed him the whip and glared at him to not try anything funny or else he would receive a beating. She feared being hurt as she warily looked behind him at the closed door. Although madam had tried to protect the girls from being physically abused, some unscrupulous men always found their way around and Sophia had encountered a few of those since she joined the trade.  She was assured that they will never come back, since madams’ way of dealing with such was to cancel and ban them from coming to her establishment. 
But the way Greg was looking at her was like the look of those infamous men. Greg rushed in for the kill, and deflated her whip as if it was nothing. He picked her up and she shrieked, looking helplessly at the whip that was now lying on the floor further away from her. “Put me down you big oaf,” she screamed and wiggled. He merely tossed her on the bed and when she tried to scramble off; he grabbed, pulled her before pinning her down with his hard frame. “Please let me go,” she implored as she fought him. He held her hands and commanded in his deep voice, “Soph, look at me.” She couldn’t pull her hands from his vice grip and was already tired from struggling. She looked at him as he had commanded her and was met with kind eyes as he softly whispered, “I will never hurt you.”
He realized that she had stopped struggling and inquired, “If I let you go, do you promise not to run away.” She nodded and he shifted his weight from her, before he pulled her close to him. She could feel his heart beating as he stated, "Now you can tell me everything, we have the whole night for that". She had forgotten on how persistent he could be. She sighed and gathered up her thoughts, contemplating on where to begin. She recognized Greg wasn’t a danger to her and did not intend to bodily harm her. 
She brought back into her mind the image of a Greg who was once upon a time her best friend and let his breathing lull her into some semblance of security. Greg had started varsity late, at the age of twenty he looked sophisticated, handsome, mature and out of reach to a sixteen year old girl. The fact that he even took his time to get to know her, still baffled her.  He grabbed a fleece at the end of the bed and threw it over her, instructing her to cover her body. She chuckled as she became conscious that he was uncomfortable in another way when he looked at her. He definitely desired her. 
After she covered herself, he pulled her to him again in his arms and she could feel and hear his heart beating in her ear. She was tall but with Greg she always had felt short as he towered over her. "I searched for you when I came back from my industrial training, and your aunt told me you now lived with your other relatives". 
She scoffed and asked, “Are you talking about the same aunt who threw me out of her house?"
He was confused. But she continued talking in her silky soft voice. “My aunt doesn't care for me, since she thinks I tried to ruin her relationship."
Greg had removed her mask, so now when she spoke he placed a finger under her chin and tilted her head so he could look into her eyes. She was still wearing an indifferent expression as if she wasn't talking about herself. "Why would she think that?" he probed looking for a semblance of emotion that would pass through her face. The Sophie he knew was an open book. Her expressions were always animated and cute. A person could instantly tell if she was angry or happy. This Sophie in his arms now revealed nothing. 
“It was after I turned eighteen when my uncle started passing these snide comments which I used to ignore. He made me uncomfortable by the way he would look at me and even the gestures he would do. All I wished for was to be done with high school and off to college where I wouldn't have to deal with his kind of behaviour. He was never like that before as I was growing up, but now he seemed to have realized that I was an adult, over the legal age so if he tried anything with me it might be construed as consensual.  I used to lock my door and leave the key on, afraid that he would enter into my bedroom. My worst fears came to pass when I wrote my last paper at school. I was exhausted from the sleepless nights during exam time and I guess I became sloppy," she laughed mirthlessly. 
Greg loosened his grip as he noted it had tightened on her shoulders but she hadn't noticed as she was lost in her nightmare. "He followed me to the room and since I hadn’t locked my door as usual, he easily slid in. My aunt wasn’t around still at the shop. I demanded that he leave the room but he kept on advancing, sneering. I fought him off but he was too strong, he was too strong for me and I was getting tired of fending him off". 
Greg brushed off the tears that were now slowly flowing from her eyes, regretting not being there for her when she needed him the most. He now understood why he had seen fear in her eyes when he advanced on her, he had taken her back to her worst experience. For some minutes Sophie had seemed terrified of him. "My aunt came into the room before he could do anything and the man had the audacity to lie and tell her that I seduced him. My aunt, supposedly my mother’s sister meant to protect me, took his word and threw me out of the house. 
With nowhere to go I slept at the bus terminus that day. I was afraid throughout the night and kept on waking up, fearing that I would be seen by unscrupulous men like my uncle. I was alone with nowhere to go. I couldn’t go to any of my girlfriends places, what would their parents say. With no money since I worked for my aunt for free and she took care of my tuition and the things I needed, I feared for my wellbeing. The second day this middle aged woman approached me after observing how I was pacing around, waiting so I could sleep near the other beggars and at least gain some kind of protection, as someone would assume I am with them. She approached me and offered a place to sleep. I was so relieved that I didn’t care on who she was. All I needed was a warm meal, shower and a bed to sleep. She brought me to her mansion and gave me a room. As you see how the mansion looks, in my wildest dreams I wouldn't have expected it to be a brothel.”
 Greg chuckled at that. Indeed the Mansion looked like someone's family home and no one would guess on the things that took place inside, the drinking, gambling and prostitution. The house was built in a way that would confuse people as when one came through the entrance they would get a different impression. There was a nicely carpeted waiting room and no indication of the casino below or the bar at the end. There was a side entrance that led to the bar and casino. He guessed Sophie might have used the main entrance that led her straight to the rooms. As he came in with his friends, he had also noticed outside that a durawall was being built. Little progress had been done, but by the time the project was finished, the house would be completely shrouded from view.  
"I was given a hot meal, took a shower and offered a bed. For three days I was oblivious of the place I was in. I guess I was naive in thinking that a person could be kind and not require anything in exchange," she shrugged and drew closer to Greg’s comforting arms. 
"Madam S approached me on the third night and told me that if I wanted to stay, I should pay for my upkeep. With no money and nowhere to go she was my last option. Either I would try to make it work out there or I would get protection in here. I imagined my first night at the bus terminus and how scared I was, that’s how I made the decision to stay and work for her. I agreed and she taught me her trade, the rest is history."
Greg was silent, stroking her back. The rooms were sound proof and he could not hear any sound at all coming from the other rooms, including the noisy bar he had been in. The establishment catered to the influential and for one to be a member at such an establishment, they had to be willing to part with their hard earned money for the minutes of pleasure offered.  Hence it wasn’t a surprise that some notable figures in society frequented there. What happened in the mansion, stayed in the mansion. From what he had heard, Madame did not spare any expense where security about her clients was concerned. The journalists and everyone else were trying to figure out on the prominent figures said to be sorting the services of her girls and failing dismally as no information leaked out. She also made sure the girls underwent a rigorous medical examination and were protected from society. They masked their faces and to the world, their real identities were not known. 
Greg handed her a tissue that was on the headboard and she wiped the tears off.  Greg as usual with his bad timing on jokes asked, "Did you want to sleep with your aunt’s husband though?" He had been looking at her and she was stunned, swatting his hand she answered, “Yes I did want to sleep with a person my grandfather's age, smelling his rotten breath from all the tobacco he smoked while I admire and rub on his belly".
Both of them laughed and Greg noticed that Sophie still had her sense of humor despite the struggles she had gone through. 
"You poor thing, it will all be alright," Greg whispered as he still held her in his arms. He kissed her on the forehead. Never was he ever letting her go, he thought as they fell into a companionable silence and he finally slept. Sophie noticed the slow breathing and stared at Greg as he slept. He was handsome and looked carefree in his sleep.  She snuggled to him and he pulled her closer making her feel safe for the first time. She inhaled the musky cologne that he always wore and let his breathing lull her to sleep.

Chapter 2
Greg walked into the room which he shared with his best friend Dominic.  His friend groaned as he woke up and looked at Greg through half closed eyes. "Man, can you please do your things quietly". Greg smirked at how hung over Dominic seemed and went on to take a shower. He had a lot of things to do and he wasn’t going to spare any minute. 
He had left a fast asleep Sophie, walked towards the office of Madame S and found her going through some papers. She was an early riser and he couldn’t help admire on the way she ran her business, though disreputable. She was wearing a blue satin dress with a transparent blue jacket, which made her look like one  stepping out of  a fashion magazine instead of one stuck in a brothel office. "Mr. Henderson I hope your time was well spent with the gem of the house," she purred. He took the seat she offered to him and cleared his throat before answering, “Yes it was." 
"How can I be of service?" Susan asked ogling at the handsome young man and ticking up a few things in her head. In her younger years she would have seduced the young man sitting across from her.  It was her business to know who was who in town and she knew if Henderson became a frequent client, she would have hit gold. Who knows maybe he would tell his friends also to sample her product. 
"I want her for myself," Greg said eliciting a chuckle from the Madame as she realized who he meant.
Shaking her head negatively, she purred, "She is my gem, everyone loves her, I can’t afford to lose her."
Greg was exasperated when she said that, he looked at her through hooded eyes trying to gauge what she would do next. How did prostitutes end their trade?  He was going to use the weapon he was good at wielding when it came to influencing people. He took a paper and pen from her table and scribbled a number before he passed it to her. All those zeros, she nearly swooned. For a second, greed took over as she found herself contemplating on what she would do with all the money; she added another zero on the paper and whispered. "She is all yours if you pay that". 
Greg nearly choked when he saw the figure. She literally was asking for both his legs. The good part in all this was that he first called his grandfather before he offered for her. He told him everything, leaving out the details that pertained to him in all the mix and his grandfather had wired the money to his account. He had anticipated that madam would become greedier and hence his shoulders sagged in defeat. 
The whole thing was absurd yet he knew that the moment Sophie agreed to be under Madams protection, she sold away her freedom. The formalities of the whole transaction were meant to be handled in a candid manner that would leave all parties happy at the end. Buying her out was what he would do if it meant she would have her freedom back. He stared at the petite woman sitting right across him; never would he give the woman the benefit of realizing how much Sophie meant to him as that would spell disaster for both of them. Some of his family members had dealt with blackmailers before and he didn’t want that.  Hence he slowly stood from his chair and watched her. She was nibbling at her lower lip as she grasped at the whole situation and the fact she might lose even the zeros she had been offered. He had made a huge offer and she was baiting him on how far he would go for her. She realized she was dealing with someone cunning as her, not the varsity student he was. It was either she remained with Sophie or took the once off payment, that would enable her to make the necessary changes in her business. Finally she silkily remarked, “No need to be in a hurry to leave. You can take her on one condition". 
"What’s that?" Greg asked wondering on what was up her sleeve.
"When you grow tired of her, you will not give her to another but set her free."
He got up and shook her hand before stating, "Make sure she is ready by 1pm, I will be coming for her. As for setting her free, I will do so when the time is right. It’s been nice doing business with you". He left for campus, feeling exhilarated at the prospect of protecting Sophie. Now in the shower he ticked over the things he would do since it was still early before he went back for her. He would look for a flat and there was one he knew could be perfect for her. A place he wanted to stay at before he opted to be at the campus to save him from the trouble of driving to and fro. It was private, had good security and far from the prying eyes. At the same time it was located near the shopping mall. He got a t-shirt from his closet and jeans and he stared at his friend who was still hung over. Dominic grunted and gave up trying to sleep.  "What are you up to, are you not leaving for home today?" he asked his friend who looked fresh even after a night of carousing and losing something else at the same time.
"I have still got some loose ends to tie up," Greg answered. Dominic grinned and remarked. "Who knew you had such a fetish, seeing you came in now".
He expected Greg to deny but was shocked when his grin widened and he retorted back, “who indeed,” before he walked out of the dorm and left a dumb struck Dom. Did they just create a monster when they dared their saintly friend, he wondered. 
****
Sophie woke up alone in bed and thought that she had dreamt up Greg, except for his musky cologne which still clung to her sheets.  Greg had been the only man she had entertained the day before. Her Madame was very particular on the men she came in contact with. She guessed that Greg might have taken a liking to someone else on the brochure, but somehow ended up with her. Could it be, that madam remembered on the conversation they once had. Some of the prostitutes envied her special treatment and hence loathed her. In the one year and three months she had been at the brothel, she hadn’t made friends with any of the prostitutes. 
When she thought back to her first night, she took note on how far she had come. She had been an eighteen year old virgin then without any experience. Quaking to her knees on what was supposed to take place. Madame had instructed her on what to do, for a woman who reminded her of her aunt, as she was old, she could move. Her body was still agile and flexible. She showed her on how she was meant to move and talk. The art of seduction was explained and demonstrated in just a few minutes which Sophie pulled off to her amazement. The doctor came in with his advice on safe sex. If she intended to get married in the future then she wasn’t meant to do anything that would put her at risk. The whole thing was different from what she had imagined. Every time after closing shop at her aunts’ convenience store on her way home, she used to see young ladies all made up and scantily dressed walking down the street. She pitied the girls’ choices. A car would stop, pick some of them up and leave. She thought that only happened on their side of town, as girls were forced into that lifestyle because of family challenges. Everything was the same when it came to the rich, except they packaged it in a different way. There made it look more like a profession and not what it really was, outright prostitution. The day she agreed, she knew that no man would ever accept her. In her future she saw herself as a recluse, living away from everyone else and dying in her old age, without family or friends.
Some tests were done before her initiation. What she marveled at the most, is Madame who taught her on how to use her hands making it leave an effect on the man of her sucking him in, when it was her hands doing the work.  She was given the sex toy for that effect and with the dimly lit room; the aroused drunk men wouldn’t even know the difference. Nevertheless the deed had to be done. Before that madam had a talk with her, “You know Soph; the mind can be easily manipulated. I know you are scared, it will all be fine. Do you have a boyfriend?” she asked. Sophie thought of Greg, his handsome face and lopsided grin. He wasn’t her boyfriend in that sense, but she liked him. “No, I don’t,” she finally answered. “What about someone you fancy?” she probed. Why was madam being persistent over this? She wanted to get it over with as quickly as possible before she lost her courage and found herself back on the streets.
 She reluctantly answered, “Gregory Matthew Henderson.” When she mentioned him, it was as if she brought him to life, as she could swear she caught a glimpse and whiff of his musky cologne, his deep voice and smoldering passionate eyes. He was always passionate about everything in life. “Right, think of him, instead of the man with you in that room,” Madam stated.  Her first client was chosen after a few considerations by Madame. She wanted someone who would be tender with the girl and who would put her needs above his. He was in his forties who looked younger than that and happened to have been madams’ lover once upon a time, as she was his first. Some of the young men, who came to the brothel, came to lose their virginity as they tended to fear on going to their marriage bed untried. The pressure that had been put by society over sexual prowess made her business strive the more.
She even held private sessions with married women who wanted to know on how to satisfy their husbands. She used to be called to talk to the young women about to get married so she could teach them a few moves. What she had realized was that no amount of sex or expertise in that area would keep a man or woman home, what they needed was self-control. Nevertheless the money she got from the sessions was worthwhile. She wasn’t paid to counsel the women on placing value in themselves or making them aware that they weren’t created for man, but their Makers’ pleasure. That wasn’t her area. Hers strived on carnality; let them figure out the rest for themselves. Her former lover was tender with Sophie and taught her what she needed to know in pleasuring a man. 
A knock was heard on the door after Sophie came out of her shower. Pamela peeked in and informed her, "Madame wishes to see you in her office". She nodded and dressed comfortably in blue tight fitting ribbed jeans and a black tank top with a printed jacket. She was tired of the high heels hence she opted for pumps. She squirted on her favorite perfume and took a last glance at her mirror, checked if she had securely tied her braids before leaving the room. She knocked on the door before she entered and greeted, "Madame heard you asked for me". 
"Take a seat dear," she waved her hand. The old woman was becoming something of a recluse, Sophie thought as she noted that three months down the line in her profession, Madame was now concentrating on the running of the business and no longer entertaining any men. 
"You should pack up your stuff, you are leaving the establishment today," Madam said after she had settled on the chair. Sophie gaped at her Madame wondering what had come over her. "Don’t be in such a shock; your lover boy is coming to get you"
"Lover boy” she muttered still confused. 
"Gregory Matthew Henderson," she smirked. Sophie was dazed at the news and wondered how it all happened. Knowing Madame, Greg had given up his arm or leg to get her. “Madam,” she stared at her questioningly.
“He is the same Greg you once spoke about right. There is just one of him that I know of” she chuckled.  She took Sophie’s hands and cradled them in hers, “I know you can’t go back to what you used to be a year back. But you can be his for a while. As much as this is a shock the coming days, months or years are going to be difficult especially if you forget what you are, a paid prostitute. Don't fall in love or have children for the young man. Someday he will marry someone else, he might keep you then or set you free, nonetheless protect yourself from getting hurt and walk away if he gives you the chance.” Tears were falling as madam spoke. Sophie knew Madame was being genuine as she spoke. She might have introduced her to the trade but that’s the life that Madame knew hence what would one like her be expected to offer. 
"Don’t forget about us," she sniffled. “And don’t come back," she advised her. Madam was confident Greg would protect Sophie. “Use your freedom to the fullest, take that course you wanted to do and live a respectable life from all this. No one knows that you are Sparkle, keep it that way. You are Sparkle to Gregory but to the rest you are Sofia Daniels, you hear me," she spoke, urgency evident in her voice. Sophie wiped her eyes with her hand as madam was also sniffling, in her own way madam cared for her. "Go on up and pack, he will be here soon”. 
As Sophie walked up to her room she pondered on how she was meant to act towards Greg. Was she meant to swoon at his feet, crawl and simper while fulfilling his every whim? Was she meant to be happy over the fact that he had rescued her from being a slave to many men to just being a slave to him. She seized to think about her future ever since her aunt ousted her from the only home she knew. All she knew at the moment was that Greg wouldn’t hurt her the way her relations had when they abandoned her to a fate she never wished upon anyone else.  Her hopes and dreams were cast aside the day she agreed to be a prostitute. The only thing she held dear that reminded her of her dreams was a long white chiffon dress with a huge bow at the back; she bought it three months after being in the brothel. When she spotted it on the display at a wedding gown shop, she loved and bought it. It reminded her of her dreams and it gave her a sense of sanity as she no longer knew who she was. 
She folded the dress and placed it in her suitcase, picked out her cosmetics and the casual clothes she had, including shoes. All others were costumes she didn’t care for. She didn’t want to keep any of them as a reminder to this life. Taking her madams advice, she made a pact with herself that she would forget and never look back. 
****
Greg was happy as he had managed to sort out the accommodation. He came into the mansion through the front entrance. The carpet was lush; no sound of shoes could be heard as he walked towards Madame’s office and waited for Sophie. He was nervous not really sure on whether she would be relieved that she was leaving the place behind her or angry at his assumptions. When he thought of the apartment, he knew she would fall in love with it. Sophie came into the room, looking beautiful without make up and her long braids had been let loose. She looked like the Sophie he knew. Innocent and always ready to take on what the world threw at her. She was carrying one suitcase. He bore in mind the highly priced establishment and the money he had paid to get her out, Sophie having one suitcase shocked him. He understood how the ladies remained in the establishment. Madame might act like an angel to her girls but she was the devil. She only gave them enough for their necessities and kept them under her thumb. The prospect of being out in the streets did not appeal to them hence they stayed in her service.
"Is that all of your stuff?" Greg asked incredulously and watched her as she nodded her head. Sophie reached out to Madame for the last time and hugged her. Madame whispered into her ear, "Don’t forget what I said. Don’t lose your head in the clouds". She kissed her on both cheeks, smiled at Greg as she watched them walk away.

Chapter 3
6 months later
"Mr. Greg sir is here to see you miss,” the guard spoke over the phone as he alerted Sophie about her visitor. 
"Thank you Charles,” she said excitedly as she hung up and grabbed her black leather wedges and purse before leaving her apartment. She put on her shoes and decided to forgo the elevator since she was one floor away from the ground; she raced down the flight of stairs hoping she looked great. Long gone were her braids to be replaced by a Mohawk hairstyle. She was wearing a purple peplum dress which clung to her every curve and was set to make men drool. It had been 6 months since she had last seen him. 
She caught a glimpse of a broad shouldered tall man coming up the stairs, who had a strong jawline, handsome, with eyes that made people scamper if found on the wrong side, her steps faltered. He was dressed in a grey, 6 buttoned slim suit and looking intimidating. His muscles strained against his jacket at the biceps. He looked different until he smiled his lopsided grin and she realized that it was her Greg. "Greg she screamed as he opened his arms wide and she rushed into them, she breathed in his musky cologne and smiled. How she had missed him.
 "I missed you,” she whispered. He kissed her on the forehead as he whispered, “and I you.” 
"Thought you had forgotten about me," she shyly remarked not believing that he was actually standing right next to her.
He tipped her head by placing his finger under her chin as he usually did, so she could look into his eyes and remarked. “You are not one that can be forgotten easily.”  He smiled and for a second she thought her world stood still. She captured that moment in her mind, for the future when she wouldn’t be with him. How he looked so confident and kind, comfortable in his own skin. "Are you ready,” he asked peering at what she was wearing and whistling. He had called prior to inform her he was in town for business, but he wanted to see her before then. 
"Ooh you stop your goofing around. As you can see I am set." 
"Shall we then?" he asked and held her hand as they walked out of the building. Greg did not let her hand go as they walked to the restaurant. His meeting would be held in the same place. Admiring at how natural it felt to be with her, he smiled. His trip had been long coming but he needed to work diligently as his grandfather had promised. The price he was meant to pay for getting Sophie out of the brothel. No longer would he be the carefree young man who ran away from responsibilities. He was appointed as the head of the Human Capital department at his grandfather’s company and growing a thick skin is what he did. He had tried to visit her but something always turned up. So they had made use of the technology offered. He made sure he chatted with her over the phone, texted and communicated on Skype whenever he was free. Greg had made Sophie promise that she would never be with anyone intimately as an obligation but will do that when she wanted to.  She was true to that promise for the past six months. He had never reminded her of her past nor spoken anything with sexual connotations which demeaned her in any way.  
When they reached the restaurant, they got into the well-conditioned place and were led to their table. After ordering the food, Greg remarked, "How have you been sweetie?" She laughed at the endearment and answered, "Good. I have been sleeping peacefully and as you know busy with school". She had enrolled at a public college nearby and was in the Hotel and Catering department. Greg wanted her to join a prestigious college which she declined. He had hired a driver for her and she felt awkward at times being dropped off at school by him, hence an insistence she took up driving lessons. 
"What about the driving lessons, have you started doing them"
“Not yet,” she shook her head negatively. “I will be starting them next week". He scoffed and remarked, “Thought you were in a hurry to ditch the driver by the way you whined over the strange looks you received at college when the driver dropped you off."
"Let’s just say having my personal driver rubbed onto me afterwards," she winked. Their food was served. As the waiter walked away, before she could pick her folk, Greg took her hand and cradled it in his, " You know I am very proud of you right". She stared into his handsome face before she replied, "It’s all thanks to you and I can’t thank you enough for everything". When he saw a tear fall which he brushed off with his finger, he softly whispered, “Where is my tough girl who doesn’t cry at the drop of a hat?"  “
“Oh you, you are impossible you know that,” she giggled swatting off his arm and took her folk and started eating.  She savored the spicy taste of the fish as it was crispy and light. After she swallowed the morsel, she asked, "What about you?" though they had spoken over the phone and Skype, it just didn't feel the same. "How is everything, family, work …….and love life."
She felt a slight pain after asking about love and chided herself for getting carried away. Madame warned her it would be tough if she let her heart roam free and gave herself to Greg. He would never realize that it was his image that kept her going in that place. He was a light shining in her dark and gloomy life. "Work is hectic, my grandfather is a slave driver, family chaotic as ever and love life still in the making, hopefully the lady I fancy will like me." Greg noted the pained look that flashed through her eyes before she remarked, “No lady in her right mind will refuse you Greg."  He scoffed at that and replied "You would be surprised".
The girl he wanted was seated right next to him and she didn’t acknowledge any of his feelings. He was relegated to a big brother role which he hated. He was still filled with regret over what she had to go through and hoped to God he would take away the pain. Not having her in his life had been torture. When his friends dared him to visit a prostitute what he sought was relief and to forget her. Everyone in his family thought he was a rascal who lived liberally yet it was far from the truth, and his brother Garret knew all that. He had even remarked that Greg was the minister type who would be better in ministry compared to him. Wait until he found out that his little brother visited a brothel, he would change his opinion then, he thought.
"So what are your plans for the day?" Greg asked after they finished their meal. "I want to bake a few things", she answered and watched him roll his eyes on how domesticated she had become. “Of all things I didn’t expect that.” She chuckled and asked "What did you expect?" 
“Well I thought you would have got in contact with your old friends, made new ones, even hooked up with guys your age and having fun”
“Ha, ha, and have you throw a tantrum over them,” she retorted. Greg seemed to forget what she was to him. She preferred being private and hadn’t visited the part of town she used to live in or rekindled her old friendships. People would begin to ask questions that she had no answer to. Already she used to get raised brows, especially after Greg sent a limo at her school for her twentieth birthday. Since he couldn’t be there with her, he made sure she had a wonderful time. The two girlfriends she had made were curious about her life but did not voice out their thoughts. They rather enjoyed the nice time and the pampering. Greg had also sent a gift of expensive and exquisitely made jewelry. It wasn’t the only set she had received. In the past six months he hadn’t visited her, he spoilt her with clothes and such trinkets. Coming back to the present as Greg was still talking; she looked at his handsome face. 
"Well can I at least take you away from your domesticated life and take you out for dinner and a movie?” he asked. “Is six pm fine with you," He paid the bill and rose from the chair since he had noticed the clients he was meant to meet come into the restaurant.
"I will be delighted to go with you," she smiled. He winked at her and stated, "Grab something sexy to wear for the evening." Sophie watched him walk towards his clients, and took note that some women turned to ogle at him. With his tall muscular frame he wasn’t hard to miss. He greeted the men and ushered them into the private rooms for meetings at the restaurant.  Sophie giggled and left the restaurant for the exclusive boutique where he had opened an account for her.
Thinking again to Madame’s advice she hoped she wasn’t getting carried away with the whole arrangement and losing her heart to Greg.
****
Sophie was dressed in a round neck long black dress, with a slit that showed a bit of her thighs. She took Greg’s breath away. The dress had no embellishments but was plain and simple yet managed to set his pulse racing. He watched her as she walked towards him to the car and was mesmerized by the slight sway of her hips. She was wearing her 6 inch heels she always managed to walk with deliberate ease in, adding to the allure of her. "You look beautiful," Greg whispered as he opened the door for her and caught a glimpse of her bare back as she got into the car. He whistled and hoped he would not get carried away; Sophie giggled as if she knew the effect she was having on him. He closed the door and moved to his side. 
The restaurant they were going to have their dinner at, had recently been opened. She used to pass the place on her way to college and once contemplated getting in and sampling what they were offering. Her two friends used to pester her for a good time like her birthday but she kept on making excuses fearing spoiling their minds. She didn’t want any of them to be envious about her life; it wasn’t as glamorous as they thought it was. They didn’t have to sleep with the men the way she had and now another man owned her and provided for her needs. Being there with Greg was much more special as he also wanted to get the feel of the place. When they arrived at the restaurant, they were cordially welcomed and escorted to their table, a menu promptly produced and order taken. As they sipped on their wine, Greg continued to joke and make her feel special as he spoke about the antics he and his brother used to play when they were young. It didn’t take long for them to wait, their meal was served and they dug in, savoring every morsel. 
 "You must be very close to your brother," she concluded noting how affectionately he spoke about him. "Yes I am. He feels more like a twin to me despite the age difference".
"I remember you once spoke about your grandparents, are they still alive" she asked, curious to know more about him. He laughed and gestured towards her plate reminding her to eat as she tended to forget about that and attentively listen to whatever was being said. 
"They are still alive and kicking," he replied, "Paw paw is celebrating his eightieth birthday in two months’ time."
"Wow that's great, I can’t imagine myself reaching to that advanced age," Greg chocked on his water when he heard that, after wiping it off his mouth with a napkin, he remarked, "Don’t ever say that to his face. You will be shocked, he loves riding and hiking at his advanced age and he looks half his age."
"That’s what good living does to a person, imagine if you didn’t have all this, and you had the problems faced by ordinary people, you would be looking twice your age," she quipped, smiling at him. 
"So young miss, are you telling me that people like me don’t have the problems that others face in life?" he asked chuckling as he received a glower indicating she was about to go into full debate mode.
"Yes you don’t have". She saw the disbelief in his eyes as she continued, "At the flick of your finger you get what you want. Which normal person can do that? At just the flick of your finger you took me away from Madame, gave me a new life, apartment, car, driver, maid who comes in twice per week not forgetting the gifts".  She was flicking her fingers as she spoke and Greg raised his hands in defeat before she could continue. "I get it, we do have problems though"
"Like what?" she asked rolling her eyes. He settled the bill and advised," We will be late for our movie".
"You see, none you can think of," she pointed out as she stood up and they walked towards the exit.

Chapter 4
Sophie wondered if Greg wanted to thaw her feelings, because he chose the mushy, longsuffering, love abiding movie that left single ladies weeping and the married feeling a deep sense of commitment to their spouses. She turned to look at him and noticed a tear sliding down one of his eyes. He nonchalantly brushed it off and whispered that something got into it. The big block had a tender side to him, she noted and laughed. When they came out of the cinema, she breathed in the cool fresh air. She observed how well lit the street was. The side of town she stayed before with her aunt didn’t have all that. One was meant to be diligent and watch over their backs as they walked home after dark, in case they were mugged or something even worse happened to them like being raped or murdered. Then Greg said they had problems. 
Try sleeping on an empty tummy, with nothing to protect you from the elements of the weather. 
Greg got into the passenger seat and watched her stamp her feet. 
"Greg, what are you doing?"
He smirked and ordered, "Get in," as he dangled the keys for her.
She slid into the black Jeep Grand Cherokee which was manually driven and remarked, “This is silly. I haven’t started the lessons and you want me to damage your precious car. He chuckled and commented, "Let me be your first instructor". He switched on the dome light so she could view the interior and pointed out.  "A, B, C, A being the accelerator on your right, B, brake in the middle and C, clutch for your left foot. As he drew her attention to everything inside, Sophie felt a bit intimidated. "Right, adjust your seat, put on your seat belt and let us start," Greg finished. 
"Are you really serious" she nervously asked. He pointed out for her to put the keys into the ignition, instructing her on her feet movement, Sophie felt silly at all this. Greg seemed to be relishing everything on the other hand like a kid with candy. She rolled her eyes, listened and did accordingly.
He had switched off the dome light and the light streaming through from the street lamps was adequate for her to see her way around everything. As the car latched forward, she was surprised that it was moving. "Clutch down, move to second gear, simultaneously remove your foot from the clutch while you press the accelerator with your right foot, look ahead Soph, he instructed.” It was a short ride to her apartment, when she came out of the car, she was feeling exhilarated from the whole experience.  Greg smiled at the joy that was clearly evident in her face.  He accompanied her to the apartment and Greg leaned on the wall opposite smiling. He had removed his jacket and tie in the car. With his rolled up shirt and a bit of exposure as three buttons on his shirt were opened, he looked like one hot hunk stepping out of a magazine.
"Thank you for the wonderful evening Greg, I enjoyed every moment of it". She stated excitedly. He stretched out his arms, smiling as she got into them easily as she was used to. Everything always felt natural with him. She inhaled the musky scent of his cologne which seemed to be dependable as he was. Greg kissed her on the forehead, eyes, nose and finally lips. She was taken by surprise, yet elated when he swooped in for the lips. As she opened up to him, tasting and savoring, the kisses deepened and she could feel his arms stroking her bare back, sending tingling sensations throughout her body.  His kisses were intoxicating and Sophie realized she would have lost her marbles if he had kissed her at the brothel. She never kissed any of her clients, but Greg had tried to do so. 
Sophie stroked his arms delighting in his strength; her naughty fingers had already tugged out his shirt from his trousers.  She lost count of the time and her surroundings, all she could feel, smell and taste was him. He was all broad and wonderful. She turned aside to open the door but he nuzzled her neck making her drop the keys. She picked them up, but he turned her to him and kissed her over and over, as her weak knees almost gave way. She could feel him hard as a rock as he pressed against her. How she wanted him, her body screamed. 
Greg was savoring the sweet taste of Sophie’s lips. She was silky and soft. As his hands trailed over her back, he drew her closer to him. He picked her up cupping her butt and let her straddle him while he pinned her on the door of her apartment. She felt so great in his arms. He wanted her badly. He pressed into her making her feel his need for her. She moaned with delight and stroked his neck. He pasted a few feverish kisses on her brow, nose, and forehead and finally let her go. She slid over his body to the floor which proved to be torture. He wasn’t going to take her like this. Sophie turned and finally managed to open the door. Both of them were out of breath. Expecting him to follow she reached out for the switch of her standard lamp and turned it on; when she turned she realized Greg was still standing outside the door.
"Greg," she had a question in her expression as she moved towards the door.  He groaned, pulled her to him and plundered her mouth before whispering, "Not like this love". 
She was a little disappointed thinking she had read everything all wrong as it looked and felt like he wanted her as much as she did him.  He cradled her face, tipped her head by the chin so he could look into her eyes. He desired her. “Not yet, I want it to be special for both of us"
"It can be special even now;” she purred and drew his head closer, kissed him again, enjoying the taste of him in her mouth. It reminded her of freshly picked out strawberry. Greg groaned and pulled her closer to his groin before he picked her up swiftly, plundering her mouth as if his life depended on it. She was right after all, he felt their connection strongly the same way she did.  She was thrilled at his shear strength as she felt light and putty in his arms.
She was reaching out for the belt, when he dumped her on the bed. Pulled her and gave her a swift kiss on the mouth, before saying, "Believe me sweetie, you will know when the time comes. Be ready by 7am tomorrow and wear your Sunday best”, before he walked away and shut her door.
****
Sophie was ready by the time Greg arrived. She was punctual and she had also noted that he was very particular and was always on time. She had decided to wear a long grey flowing dress made of stretchy material which managed to show off her curves. She was wearing part of the jewelry set he had gifted her with on her birthday. The gold necklace and spiral earrings. Greg whistled before he commented, "Today there is going to be a disturbance in church".
"Are you really taking me to church, like seriously?" Sophie asked, contemplating changing. There was nothing indecent about the dress. But Greg’s reaction made her want to change, "Don't, it is decent and you look beautiful in it. It’s just that you look like a good daughter in law for my mother." he smirked.
"You are impossible,” she retorted rolling her eyes.
"Don’t I need a bible?" she asked. He gave her his phone. "There is a bible app; you can transfer it to your phone." That said and done, they set off for church.
****
As they were greeted and ushered into the church Sophia felt apprehensive about it. Greg must have sensed her uneasiness because he reached out and held her hand.  As they settled down on their seats which were near to the front, she looked on as the person announced the first preacher and welcomed him. “Greg,” Sophie whispered as she saw a man who looked exactly like Greg walk up to the pulpit.  “We arrived right on time,” he commented as he squeezed her hand and pointed out, “Pastor Garret, my brother.” He said it with so much pride making her smile at how adorable looking he could be when happy. Sophie turned to look at the man on the pulpit and decided to give attention to what he was saying. It was a good sermon and she felt empowered and motivated. After the morning session was over, they went on to greet him. She was feeling shy and clung to Greg as they walked towards his brother. They looked so much alike that a person would think they were twins, except Greg appeared to be broader and taller in stature.
"Meet pastor G my big brother." Greg introduced Sophie to him. He trusted his brother and knew he would never judge him if he disclosed his and Sophie’s relationship to him. Clasping both her hands in his, Garret responded, "It is nice to meet you Sister Sophia. I hope you enjoyed the service."
"Yes I did," she replied feeling the tension ebb from her shoulders and loosening up in his presence. 
"Let me introduce you to my wife and children," he announced as he beckoned towards a pretty petite lady carrying a baby and had one who seemed to be three holding fast to her skirt, as she sucked her thumb on the other hand. The lady was talking to some people so she smiled, excused herself and moved towards them.
"Let me help you with that." Greg said, taking his three month old niece into his arms from his sister in law. He left the introduction to his brother. 
After greeting the mother, Sophie bent over to a shy Lucy, smiled and said "Hi. Won’t you come and give me a handshake sweetie." The girl cautiously walked towards her and shook her hand with the other hand that had been holding fast to her mother’s skirts. Removing her thumb from her mouth, Lucy pronounced. "You are very tall. Almost like Uncle Greg." Everyone burst out laughing. Sophie straightened up and watched as Greg cooed over the baby. He would be a good father one day, she thought. She felt a surge of pain in her heart again that all this would one day be taken away from her. She had no right at all of meeting Greg’s family.
She was his purchased prostitute and nothing else. Up to now Greg hadn’t stated the kind of relationship he required of her. She didn’t know her role, what she was meant to do. He was like a benefactor, taking her to school, educating her, taking care of her every whim but never taking anything from her. Thinking of the day before how he pulled away, she wondered if he was disgusted by her and hence couldn’t take her. She chided herself for thinking that way and almost making her head ache in the process. She comforted herself by thinking that she meant more to Greg because if she didn’t, he wouldn't have introduced her to his family. 
Everyone was now moving towards the tables for their lunch. The afternoon session would be starting at 2pm. Greg had explained while they were in the car that they were attending a Gospel Preaching festival, held annually bringing  all denominations together under one roof. It had started on Friday and would end on Sunday.  He could only attend the Saturday service as he would be travelling back on Sunday. She already missed him before he even left. 
Sophie hadn't noticed the time until they left the big hall that she had been in church for four hours. The church services she had once attended at school usually took 30 to 45 minutes. Having the knowledge that members of different denominations had attended, Sophie wasn’t surprised at all when she spotted her aunt among the crowd. For some minutes Sophie forgot all about what had taken place and eagerly rushed to her aunt as she had done before when she was young and before the Uncle Lloyd incident. Her happiness shined through her face, as she called out to her and grasped her hand, happy to seeing a familiar face. 
"Aunt how are you and how have you been," she greeted excitedly.
"Unhand me missy," her aunt growled as she gazed at her with contempt in her eyes. Sophie became conscious of her blunder when it was already too late and was clutching at her hand. She let it go as if she had been scotched by fire and stood awkwardly wishing she hadn’t done that. Greg was chatting with his brother while making faces at his niece in his arms. He turned just in time to see his beautiful Sophie being snubbed by her aunt, gave his niece to the father and walked towards the two ladies hoping they wouldn’t be an audible explosion from the aunt, who looked as if she was about to murder her niece. A few people had noticed what was taking place. He reached Sophie and pulled her to his side before grating out, “Good to see you Aunt Lois.” A veiled threat was evident in his voice and posture and she detected it as she looked at the couple. It turns out the little hussy had caught for herself a knight in shining armor, ready to protect her at all cost. 
"Don’t worry lover boy, I will not make a scene," she whispered before she sauntered off to her table.
"Soph are you ok," Greg asked rubbing her arms and seeing the hurt in her eyes. He cursed the woman to hell in his heart and pulled Soph into a hug, kissed her on the forehead before he held her hand. Sophie could see the admiration he had for her. She squeezed his hand for comfort and managed to produce a wobbly smile before they turned and walked towards his family.
Marg his sister in law had been observing him. Looking at her husband she commented. "Things are that deep huh?" It was the first time she had seen him be like that with a woman. Usually he growled and turned into a beast. His mother had tried to foist a few girls on him to no avail. When he went off to varsity their opinion changed as they heard about his escapades. Only Marg and her husband knew that it was all a lie. Greg was a one woman person. He wasn’t the type to sow his oats outside marriage. Growing up in a family of faith also prevented him from going through the things that others got away with. As they walked, Sophie noticed that a few people were looking at them curiously and felt uncomfortable for bringing Greg into such scrutiny. Sophie was drawn into the conversation by Marg who managed to excuse herself from the two brothers and made Sophie carry her baby. Giggling at that, she brushed the awkward incidence aside and listened to Marg as she spoke about other things in general. 
Greg kept on looking back at Sophie who seemed to be a natural with children. Marg had excused herself and was collecting their lunch from the buffet with some of the youths she had called out to, leaving Sophie with Lucy and Gail in her arms. Lucy was sitting on the table talking on as if she had known her for some time. Lucy didn’t loosen up to strangers quickly, hence Greg was marveling at the scene before him. "Would you like to go and join her rather than be stuck with me," his brother asked making him wince at the fact that his brother had noticed that he wasn’t paying attention to what he was saying.
"Am I right in assuming she is the same lady you were looking for, a while ago when you came back from your industrial training?"
"Yes she is," Greg replied.
"So what are your plans for her little brother, are they honorable?" Garrett smirked enjoying making his little brother uncomfortable.
Greg shrugged and answered, "I don’t know. It’s just that a lot has happened to her."
"Do you love her," Garret asked looking at Greg intently.
"I do."
"So little bro, do right by her. Love is a strong force that can overcome anything that life might throw your way. Whatever might have happened, trust that God will restore everything to both of you. Besides you already knew what I would say to you. I am the worst at this whole advice thing, especially with my past. God does restore that is what I am completely confident in”. He concluded.
Greg chuckled at Garret who always thought he wasn’t good at advising, yet would answer simply to the things that plagued another. Greg knew of a secret in his brother’s life that was hidden from everyone else but known only by his parents, grandparents and a few parties involved who hushed the whole story and it never got out. The secret required wisdom, if not used division in the church was inevitable. It might even destroy what their forefathers had built. 
The Henderson family was a huge family and came from old money. Starting as farmers, the children branched out to the business world mainly focusing on construction and mining. Some branched off into ministry and hence it wasn’t a surprise that they were orphanages and old age homes under them. A small portion of them was in the health sector, restaurant and exclusive boutiques businesses. Sophie didn’t even suspect the extent of the influence of Greg’s family as they were humble and Garret and his family was proof of that. 
Every Henderson family member was a success in what they did. Whatever they touched turned into gold and they didn’t accept failure. Sighing seeing Greg still looking at Sophie, Garrett commented, "Let’s go to her." Marg arrived with the youths carrying trays with food. She plucked Lucy from the table and settled her on the bench as she put the plates for everyone.  Thanking the youths, the men settled down. Marg took baby Gail from Sophie so she could have her meal. Lucy demanded to sit on Sophie’s lap and for her to feed her which she took in her stride. Pastor Garrett and his family was fun to be around. Sophie thought as they joked and chatted. Greg had such a wonderful family.
They were staying on at church for the other services so Greg bid them farewell. As they accompanied them to the car, Marg remarked, “I enjoyed spending some time with you, it has been so nice meeting you."
"Same here," Sophie shyly replied. "Do visit us sometime at the farm, will you dear." Sophie caught a glimpse of a grinning Greg before her attention went back to Marg. She did not know how to answer to that but merely nodded her head and received a hug and kisses from the couple. Lucy didn’t want to be left out also as she offered her slobbery ones. As she got into the car, she watched them slowly walk away. Lucy was holding tightly at her mother’s skirt having refused to be carried, while the father carried Gail.
"You have such a nice family," she whispered to Greg who smiled and started the car.

Chapter 5
Sophie thought about her own family and wondered on the animosity her aunt held towards her. Did she really believe that her niece would try to seduce that toad of a husband of hers? The man gave her the creeps. The more she thought about it the more she felt the injustice of it all. Why her? Growing up without her parents was hard enough, but going through relations like her aunts husband was even worse as they didn’t care. If one was no kin of theirs, they delighted in abusing them. When she arrived at her apartment building, she turned and smiled at Greg which turned into a grimace as she felt her head start to ache. 
She knew she wasn’t meant to dwell much on negative thoughts but she felt justified. As she was growing up she used to have tension headaches that would make her feel nauseous and weak. She realized as time went on that they were triggers that brought them on, like anger or stress. So she avoided doing so or would drink pills the moment they started and rest.  Greg looked at her concerned. "Is something wrong love?" 
"Nothing is wrong, I just need to rest for a bit," she said moving towards the building. She slowly climbed up the stairs and came to her apartment; where she unlocked the door and left it open aware that Greg was trailing behind her. Everything was in order and it was tidy as usual. Greg had provided her every need. As she looked at the luxurious furnishings, she found herself getting angry with Greg who still had not made anything clear pertaining to her relationship with him. She poured water into a glass and gulped it down quickly. Greg asked concerned. "Are you sure you are fine?"
"Yep."
As he turned to leave she spoke out, "I know what you are trying to do and it’s not going to work"
"Excuse me," Greg turned to face her. He could sense that she wasn’t in the mood to be with anyone; hence he had realized that the best solution was to be out of her hair.
"You are trying to turn me into something I am not, a decent person."
"You are a decent person," Greg said, trying to reach out to her as he noted the pain in her eyes. That old hag had no right to snub her in that way, Greg thought comprehending that Sophie was thinking of her aunt. 
She scoffed at his statement and retorted vehemently, “I am not and we both know it. I am a whore who slept with men for a living. Nothing has changed. Why do you even care Greg huh? Everyone has left me and the people meant to love me don’t. What are you trying to prove by caring? Which is it, are you the good guy or the bad, who will discard me in future? Better yet, am I a project to you that you want to use for your ego? Patting yourself up and thinking you did a good deed for a prostitute."
"Sophie, don’t say that about yourself and as for what you are thinking about me, its bull and you know it". He had seized trying to hold her as she was evading him. 
"Do you think I haven’t noticed the disgust that you have for me? Yes you desire me, at the same time you are disgusted, don’t deny it".
Greg stared at her in disbelief as she continued with her tirade. She had it all wrong. Always concluding the worst about him, like she did when he bought things for her before when she was still at school. To think now she was grown and mature, Greg expected her to see and realize what she meant to him. What else was a man meant to do? 
"Soph, you don’t know what you are talking about," Greg retorted getting angry at the same time. 
"Then set me free Greg if I am not those things I have mentioned. I want to live my life and fall in love like everyone else. Not be kept here like a prisoner."
"Who is stopping you from doing that," Greg scoffed. "You have your freedom."
She walked towards him and jabbed on his chest. "You are, you big oaf. I am still your slave can’t you see that. I have no freedom. You bought me." 
"Is that what you really think Soph," he softly asked trying to calm his nerves; this woman wasn’t going to take him down with her, on her anger against the world and everyone. 
He put his hands in the pockets of his trousers and stared at her, noting the frantic way she looked. He was beginning to realize some of the issues she always managed to mask with her laughter and happy face. If it meant that she would realize her worth without him, he would give her that. Being without her would hurt him, but he was willing to let her go, so she discovers who she is. "You have your freedom Soph. I am not stopping you. You can go ahead. Follow your hearts desires, fall in love, do whatever you want, that’s what I have always wished for you. I am not God that I should own you."
She stared at Greg whose expression was inscrutable and felt hurt. She hadn’t expected him to say that. She wanted him to tell her that he loved her; instead he was giving her away. 
"Then get out," she furiously yelled. "If you really have given me my freedom, get out of my life Gregory Matthew Henderson."
Finally he showed an emotion as he looked at her in astonishment. Her eyes were stinging from the tears that were flowing. The headache also was in full swing. He almost reached out to her to offer some kind of comfort though inadequate, but something stopped him. Cursing he yelled," Fine" before he turned and left the room. Sophie sat down on the couch and wept. She stood up and reached towards the drawer in the lounge to get her medication, she took the pills and popped them into her mouth and slowly walked towards the sink. The pain was unbearable. When she heard the doorbell ringing as she drank water she moved towards the door thinking it was Greg and he had come back for her. She hoped she hadn't chased him out of her life for good. When he left banging the door behind him, it felt as if it was the end of them but she really needed him. He was all that she held dear. She loved him. 
She opened the door slowly, wiping off the tears on her face and was met by a sneering uncle. She hastily tried to shut the door when she realized her blunder, except he had shoved his foot into the room.  He pushed the door wide open, and Sophie couldn’t hold him back from entering into the apartment.
"What do you want, "she asked gritting her teeth from the pain that still hadn’t lessened after the pills she took.
"You sweetie."  He whistled when he surveyed the apartment and commented. "You seem to have caught yourself a big fish." 
Sophie was reaching out for her phone to call security when her uncle remarked, "I wouldn’t do that if I were you."  He knocked the phone from her hand and stated. "I heard about your exceptional talents in other areas, so I want a sample of that." She was feeling hot and cloistered about to faint and this vile man didn’t want to leave. Affronted at his statement, she raised her hand to slap him and was caught in a vice grip. "You are hurting me" she screamed. The pain she felt on her hand with the ache on her heart and head were too much for her as she knelt down. 
"Yes get on your knees and do what you know best," her uncle menacingly spoke. His eyes were full of glee as he watched her moan from the pain he was exerting on her hand. He spotted her at the service and he went crazy after seeing her. She looked beautiful and radiant. The last time he tried to get involved with her, his wife interrupted them and to save his skin he lied. Seeing her, reminded him of the lost opportunity. Lois had mentioned that after she left, she worked for Madame, guess it ran in the family. Now he was here to sample the goodies and was not taking no for an answer. He followed the couple from church and when he noticed the security guard on the phone, he slid through and climbed the stairs. He was concerned over not being able to identify her apartment but hid when he heard the sound of a door banging at the end of the corridor. He saw the dark angry look of the man she had been with at church and thanked his lucky stars for showing him the way. As he had guessed, they had a lover’s tiff, that’s why the man was glowering and didn’t notice him skulking and trying to make himself inconspicuous. He was still exerting pressure on her arm and slapped her hard on the face with the other hand.  About to open his zipper on his trousers he felt a punch in his gut that made him double up in pain, as she scrambled away from his reach. 
"Is this the way to treat a lady?" Greg asked barely suppressing his rage. Doubling over in pain, Lloyd was straightened up by the collar and felt another blow in his gut that sent him reeling down. 
"Women are meant to be loved and protected, not turned into something that they are not," Greg roared. This time when he was picked up the blow went to the face splitting his lip and dislocating his jaw. 
"Greg, don’t …please stop,” she weakly whimpered fearing he would kill the old man. "Stop please." She pleaded. 
 Lloyd was in a daze as he looked over the giant glaring at him fearlessly. The brute was about to silence him for good. He could feel his weak legs being raised up as the brute threw him out of the door and he landed in a pile outside the apartment. "Charles, take this menace to society out of my sight," he commanded.
He rushed to Sophie, picked her up and made her lie on the couch. "Honey are you ok?" He hurriedly left for the bathroom where he washed his hands from the stink of Lloyd and his blood and took a towel which he drenched with cold water and applied it as a compress on her forehead.
"Shhhhh, it will all be fine," he crooned. She motioned that she wanted to throw up and he rushed for a bucket which he handed to her and she barfed. Afterwards she felt much better. He gave her glass of water to rinse with, picked her up after she was done and made her lie on the bed. 
He must have called for the doctor, because she saw him coming in some minutes later with his bag. He checked her up and wrote down a prescription for the drugs she needed. After that he left. Greg got into bed and continued to massage her head.
"How are you feeling now," he asked, still looking worried. 
"Better," she smiled. Relief was evident on his face.  He had driven away angry and cursing the day he met her. Realizing that she meant so much to him and feeling the ache of being without her made him swallow his pride and turn back. Garret was right, love was meant to stand the test of time. He was going to tell her what he really felt. If she rejected him it wouldn’t hurt so much like the knowledge that she thought the worst about him. The door was open when he arrived at the apartment and then he saw the man, oblivious of the hurt he was inflicting on her. He blacked out for a while. He would have killed the vile man if she hadn’t stopped him. Her weak voice managed to reach his ears and heart, stopping him from doing the man permanent harm. 
He wasn’t a violent man, but to the people who were dear to his heart he would fight to protect them. She snuggled into his embrace and inhaled his musky cologne that always managed to calm her and spoke in her soft husky voice. "Thank you."
She could feel his chest rumble as he laughed. Raising her face so she could look into his eyes and see the cause of his glee, she asked, “What are you laughing at”, as she pouted her cute lips.
Greg groaned on how cute she looked. Was she aware at all on the effect she had on him? Coughing to clear his throat that suddenly felt constricted, he remarked, "why did you stop me Soph. Do you care for the old man?"
She scrunched her face up in disgust and poked his chest, very typical of him to always say something outrageous at the wrong time. 
"No, I care for you dummy. I didn’t want you to rot in prison after having killed a man."
"Really, you care for me,” he asked not believing a word of it. “Didn’t you just chase me away from your life?" 
"Then why did you come back" she retorted as she tried to pull away from his embrace. He wasn’t going to let her do that; instead he drew her closer to him and replied. "Coz I can’t live without you Soph. I love you and the thought of not being with you hurts. The thought of not seeing you glare at me like that breaks my heart."
Sophie laughed when she realized she was indeed glaring as if it was a crime for a person to love her. "I love you too," she said in her soft husky voice as she lay back on his chest and listened to his heartbeat. He made her sit up, looking at her in the eyes as if he hadn’t heard correctly. "Say that again."
"Say what. Did you hear something else apart from me thanking you?" She asked looking confused. She giggled at his dejected expression, she tilted his head the same way he always did to her by the chin and said. "I love you." He kissed her tenderly on the lips and pulled her closer to him as if they could get any closer than that, apart from when they took their relationship to another level. "Will you marry me," Greg mumbled in between kisses. 
Sophie pulled away from his embrace and Greg managed to grasp her hand knowing full well what would stop her from agreeing. She had echoed the sentiments a while ago. He pulled her close into his embrace and pinned her down so she wouldn’t escape. "Please Soph, don’t say no. I can’t have you any other way. Either you marry me, or we don’t take this route that you want." She looked down on their bodies and felt shy as it was a surprise for her to feel that way. Though both fully clothed everything seemed too intimate.  Was Greg really blackmailing her with sex? She chuckled at that thought. "Will I still get the things I have been getting before," she asked, wanting to see him sweat. "Like what?”
“Well the clothes, the jewelry, the dates, the intoxicating kisses, caresses, I heard it all changes when one is married,” She was giggling as she spelt out her list. "You will honey and much more."
"Well, I can’t resist such baubles can I," she giggled coming back into his arms. 
"Yes I will marry you."
“Good" he sighed. "Cos I thought I would be forced to use my body. Strip for you so you could agree." Laughing at that she asked. "Can’t you still do it?" 
"Tomorrow, now rest," he commanded. She was already feeling sleepy from her pills and he had noticed that fact. He watched her close her eyes and drift off to sleep before he left her side and called his brother.

Chapter 6
Sophie woke up in the morning feeling refreshed and found that she was alone in bed. Did Greg really propose to her the night before she wondered?  He came into the bedroom wearing one of her bathrobes which looked short, exposing his hairy legs. "Nice outfit" she simpered as he walked towards her bed with a tray in hand.
"Breakfast for my beautiful lady," he pronounced as he handed her the tray with flourish.
"You prepared breakfast for me,” she asked, mooning over his handsome face. He was unbelievable and her prince charming. She pinched herself to make sure she wasn’t dreaming.
"No actually you did my lady. I just assembled everything". She was now looking at the tray which had tea, scones, a piece of chocolate cake and croissants. He had raided her kitchen and picked every bit of the things she baked.
"Mmmh kind sir, are you trying to tell me that I am thin by fattening me with all this food."
"Well you didn’t eat supper yesterday,"
"So are you trying to compensate for that", she asked laughing. 
"Just eat and get ready, we have to go somewhere," he advised standing up from the bed and moving towards the shower.
"Greg if you know what's good for you, shut and lock the door to the shower," she advised. The man was just pushing her restraint by parading in a short robe.
After she was done with her breakfast, she opened her closet to look for something to wear after she took her shower. Her chiffon dress which held her dreams was at the forefront and another, as if Greg had pushed all the other clothes aside so she could view the two dresses properly in the closet. She guessed Greg might have made some calls while she slept and had it delivered to him.
He came out of the shower and remarked. "Thought you would like to select on which dress you prefer to wear for the wedding."  He had tied a white towel around his waist, exposing his upper body for her viewing. Wasn't the man aware that he was pushing it? She heaved an audible sigh and watched him grin, he knew.  She cleared her throat and moved onto safer ground.
"Greg, don’t you think it will be much better if we did all this after your family members were informed and they got to know me." 
 "My brother knows and his wife, the rest will follow."
"Greg," she scowled.
"My family is huge, planning everything will take time and I can’t leave you in this town while I go back to work. Besides what about our needs, don’t you want some lovemaking woman?" 
She giggled at the mention of that, she definitely wanted the love making. It was all work at the brothel. If their lovemaking was as phenomenal as the way he kissed her, she would be the happiest woman in the world. She took a second glance at the dresses and picked out the one she had bought as she had kept it for her wedding. She still found it appealing even after a year. 
"Don’t say I didn’t tell you. The time you decide to break the news to everyone you will do it alone. I will not be your shield that you can hide behind," she commented, as she walked towards the bathroom.
"Me, hide behind my wife’s skirts, never. Bwa-ha-ha-ha" He retorted imitating the wizards laugh. Sophie chuckled at that as she shut the door to the bathroom and locked it fearing she would throw herself on him.
***
"You look beautiful," he whispered as he kissed her and turned her around. She was dressed in the simple long white chiffon dress and she looked radiant. Greg added a touch of a white rose on her hair. She wore little make up as she was already glowing from the happiness she felt.
"You look handsome too," she shyly whispered as she looked at him. He was dressed in a pair of slim fit black trousers that snugly fit his muscular frame, a cream jacket that had a black satin collar and black shirt.  Getting into the car, they drove to the gardens where private functions were held. It was beautiful. The grass was green and the flowers had fully bloomed. She loved the last months of the year as everything seemed new and brighter in summer. Garrett was standing at the end of the aisle under the arch, dressed in his ministerial robe. "Do we have any witnesses?" Sophie asked all of a sudden nervous. Before Greg would answer Charles arrived beaming at them. Her aunt also followed glaring at both of them, contempt evident in her eyes. 
“Don’t mind your churlish aunt," Greg advised. "This is your day". 
She giggled and asked, "How did you manage that?"
"I bribed her, if she wants that ugly husband of hers out of jail, she had to attend. She owed you that much as she is a remaining relation of yours. Besides like I told you, I intend for you to move in with me, they is no way your uncle can ever see or hurt you. You are leaving this place for good. "
"Oh Greg," was all she could utter. 
"No need to be teary eyed before our vows they will think I am not good for you.”
She laughed and swatted his shoulder only for him to say, "You are bad. Already beating me up before the vows" he smirked. "Shall we?"
A three year old Lucy threw some flower petals as she walked towards her mother as instructed. As she walked down the aisle with Greg on her side, she noticed Garret was beaming like his wife Marg who stood with their two children. An angry Lois stood nearby while Charles the guard who had become her friend in the time she stayed in the building beamed like the father.  After saying the vows, her aunt grudgingly signed as a witness and immediately left as she didn’t want to see the happy couple that seemed to be oblivious to her malice and anger. Charles also signed. 
"Thank you so much Charles for everything," she hugged him before they herded to the restaurant that was close to her apartment building. Marg had reserved a private room for them; it was well decorated for a small intimate gathering. 
"Welcome to the family," a beaming Marg stated. “I am so happy that you are my sister in law," she gushed as she hugged her. Sophie stared at the older woman and took note on how genuine she was. She instantly knew that they will be good friends.
After they had their meal and cake to celebrate the occasion, the couple accompanied them to her flat. 
Marg appeared to have been at work as she had managed to fix her apartment for the wedding night. Looking at the lit candles and red rose petals scattered on the floor leading to her bedroom, Marg smiled as Garret tried to keep a straight face when Lucy asked on the occasion. 
Greg being crude remarked to his niece.
"Your uncle is about to receive some tender loving care, expect your cousin in nine months’ time"  
Marg chuckled and remarked, "Don’t you dare spoil my daughter's mind Gregory." 
Hugging them all, they left.
***
Marg and Garrett left the two newlywed couple alone. Sophie did not know what she was meant to do as Greg’s wife, everything felt like a dream. All she knew was that she would always be with him and support him in every way. She only met two of his relations as this had happened promptly. One minute she was just his paid companion since they didn’t get sexually involved, the next she was a wife. She moved towards the sink to drink some water as she suddenly felt parched, Greg nuzzled her neck and turned her over to him. Kissing her tentatively on the mouth as she let him in, he deepened the kiss. He carried her from the kitchen to the bedroom and threw her on the bed that smelled sweet from the petals. 
She looked at him outraged thinking of the day he left her hot and bothered. He chuckled and shrugged his shoulders from the jacket. She could see the muscles bulging through his shirt. Watching him unbutton slowly was torture and she almost gave him a helping hand to fast track things. He glared at her, eliciting a giggle from her as she resigned herself to lying on the bed and watched. She realized that he had promised a strip tease and was giving her what she wanted. Halfway through his shirt, he ripped the remaining part eliciting a gasp from Sophie as she sat up. Sophie was aware of every bulge, muscle and the smooth well-toned chest. He moved towards the side of the bed and reached out to her. Smiling Sophie gladly went into his arms and straddled him, while her hands went around his neck and they continued to kiss, and touch sending tingling sensations all over her. 
Her body was on fire. Greg had managed to open the zip at the back of her dress and helped her take it off. "You are beautiful," he commented as he looked at her with his smoldering eyes, taking everything in. Her breasts looked succulent and ready for the plucking. She always hated wearing bras as they didn’t need any at all to hold them up. Panting at the way he was looking at her, he drew her to him and kissed her again, cupped one of her breast and rubbed it. She wriggled from the sensations she was feeling. He followed the path where his hand had trailed to, kissed, licked and suckled her breasts, making her moan, before coming back to her lips. Never did she think she would enjoy sex after what she had gone through. 
With Greg it seemed different, honorable. Thinking to what he had said, special. It was that, special as she was having it for the first time with him, not out of performing a duty as she had before, but out of love for her husband. He knelt down with her still in his arms and placed her on the bed before lightly kissing her on her long legs and thighs. He came back to the mouth and elicited a giggle from her sweet lips as he played around with the tongue, tasting her in every way. He drew her closer still as she lay on the bed and was covered with his frame and continued to savor every taste of her; kissing every part and making her feel hot all over. She removed his belt as they kissed, opened the zip of his trousers and reached out with her hand feeling the strength pulsing through him as she cradled him. 
He shifted his body so she could remove his pair of trousers and briefs, her breath caught in her throat as she noticed how huge he was. He rolled over and pulled her on top of him. She wasn’t aware when her panties came off. "You are so beautiful," Greg whispered lost in her beauty and how she made him feel. He rolled her on her back, kissed her while at the same time he entered her as she moaned and opened more to him. She was all wet and slick, accommodating and Greg felt that he was finally home in her. His thrusts were slow and deliberate and they became fast as she screamed and he joined her in the beauty of their love making. Climaxing at the same time they each found their release. He slumped over her body after his release, kissed her before rolling away from her and pulling her back to him. She tilted her face to stare at his handsome face, "Greg," she sighed, gratified.
"Told you, you will know when it’s special." He chuckled, drawing her face to him and kissing her again.
"Is it really special to you Greg?" She still couldn't get over the tenderness and care she had experienced.
"You have no idea, very special and moreover," he chuckled, “I have nothing to compare it to." Looking incredulously at him when what he said finally sank in. The man had the audacity to smirk.
"I.....I was your first," she stammered.
"Yes darling, what did you think," he accented making her swat his hand. "The brothel..."she asked in confusion. 
"My friends termed it as an introduction to manhood."
"For you to share this with someone like me, why Greg?" She felt a pang of regret. He was meant to share this moment with someone else who was a virgin. Not her, a used up whore.
"Hush," Greg silenced. He cradled her face in his hands and stared at her, showing her the love he felt for her in his eyes, he replied. "You are my special lady and have always been. Don’t you dare think less of yourself? I know it might not comfort you but Soph they are females out there who know men more than you, as they sleep around without a care. You were forced by circumstances but they are not. So don’t think less of yourself. I love you." He kissed her savoring every taste of her and letting their tongues play out the mating game, arousing her. He drew away from her for a second and remarked. "Now let’s get it down dear wife. Do your duties as a good wife and forget everything else,"  he drew her close,  making her feel his need for her as he was fully aroused, this time he put her on top as she chuckled and had her wicked way with him.

Chapter 7
2 Months later. 
Lucas budged into Greg’s office with Liz who was Greg's secretary following behind protesting. She looked apologetically Greg's way since she couldn’t stop Lucas from coming through.
"That will be all Liz," Greg nodded as she left and shut the door behind her.
"What is this Greg," Lucas demanded as he threw some papers to him. Greg merely raised his brows and asked, “What do you think it is". 
Lucas was pacing up and down in Greg’s office, irritating him as he was already having a bad day.
"Please take a sit," Greg commanded and Lucas noticed for the first time that if he pushed he would be in more trouble than anticipated. He settled down on the chair and choosing his words carefully he asked, "What happened to my Secretary"
"If you are talking about Jasmine, she has been transferred to another department; Alice is a much more efficient Secretary"
Luke scoffed at that statement as he believed his cousin had transferred her to another department because of the scene he witnessed. They both thought everyone had dismissed from work, except his workaholic cousin was still around. "I was more than happy with Jasmine, why did you transfer her?"
Greg could not help but scowl at his cousin. Was he dumb? "The question you should be asking is, was she efficient in her job or other areas?"
"Jasmine is efficient, what you saw took place after working hours and cannot hold water, make sure you bring her back and send the substitute wherever you took her from.”
Greg’s temper flared as Lucas spoke. Agatha did not deserve all this. “If I bring her back, then the complaint she raised in defense will stand.” He was taping the table with his fingers and studying his cousin for any reaction.
“You wouldn’t dare,” Lucas retorted. “Try me, remember when I had a talk with her, she stated that you sexually harassed her and she was forced to give in because you were her superior.” Lucas stared at his cousin in disbelief and noted how angry and serious he was. He licked his lips that suddenly felt dry, “Greg we are family, don’t do this and you know she wasn’t serious, she was covering her base," he spoke softly trying to butter Greg up. This was their grandfathers business and Greg had no right at all to be reshuffling his staff and threatening him. Greg sighed and scratched his head. “I don’t get you Luc, you have a beautiful wife and children”, sighing again, he resolutely looked at him, “If you want Jasmine back at the front desk, the charges remain. Your choice”, he shrugged.
Luc got up from the chair feeling affronted and took the transfer documents he had recklessly thrown on Greg’s table, “Ever since you came back from that school of yours, you have been acting proud. Be happy while it lasts, I will get you for this Mattie boy,” he threatened and grumpily walked away. Greg watched his cousin leave the office and groaned out of frustration. He resumed with his work and went through the documents he had been looking into before Lucas budged in. He was wondering on why he chose that particular profession, people could be difficult at times. 
"Sir, I am sorry for interrupting you, but your three o'clock is here." Liz notified him, before hanging up. Greg resignedly got up from his chair as he knew Sophie would budge in and drag him out of the office. He took his jacket and came out of his office. “Anyone who will come looking for me, tell them to leave a message, I will get back to them. Its time I knocked off.”
“Ooh boss, I am sure that nothing will happen in an hour since it’s almost knock off time,” she chuckled. “You work yourself hard,” she commented. Greg was a workaholic, always in the office an hour earlier than the rest and the last person to leave the premises. It was only in the last two months she saw some changes. At times he would be back to his usual self, while at others the new woman in his life would literally drag him from the office. During the first weeks she worked under Greg, she almost quit because of the pressure. She was old after all and couldn’t keep up. But as time went on she realized that her habits also changed and she quite enjoyed working for him. He was a considerate boss at the same time observant and quick at grasping things. Even after retiring she will always remember this time. Whereas Luc could have relegated her to another department or even offered early retirement because she was failing to keep up, Greg was patient and treated her like a mother and took time to let her catch up.
Her mind flicked back to the first time she met Sophie. Liz was still behind her desk, doing last minute work; two hours later after everyone had knocked off. Sophie sweetly greeted her and asked if her boss was around. Liz was intrigued by the beautiful young woman who had walked into her office and the fact that she had never seen Greg with a woman. She introduced herself and addressed her as ma’am to which Liz refuted and told her to call her Liz. Smiling she left her for the office, she could hear someone shouting though it wasn’t audible for her to hear what was said. The next moment, Sophie came out of the office, sweetly smiled and told Liz to knock off and be with family before walking away. While she was still gaping in shock, Greg hurriedly rushed for Sophie, apologizing not even seeing his secretary. The imposing, impassive, indestructible boss was brought down to groveling by a woman. From that time, Liz had more time to spend with family than she ever thought she could ever have in the months she had worked with Greg. She even enjoyed her Saturdays with her grandchildren which she had sorely missed. 
 Sophie was ruffling through the magazine and stared at her husband as he left a message with Liz. The old woman winked at her conspiratorially. She smiled and stared at her husband who was grinning. "Hey honey” he whispered before drawing her into an embrace and kissing her on the forehead. He entwined her hand in his and they left the building. 
Liz watched the love birds leave and giggled. "Who was that," Lucas asked startling Liz from her thoughts. 
“You should know, he is your family not mine" she responded. Lucas gritted his teeth at Liz's disrespectful manner. Older women as secretaries did not fit well as they tended to act like the boss and forget their place, he thought. He would be more than happy to get rid of her when he became the CEO.  He pasted a smile on his face and said. "I forgot something in Greg’s office, so will be back soon. Need to collect it." He sauntered off without waiting for a reply from Liz, got into his cousins office and went over his desk. Settling down, he opened the drawers and searched them. He didn’t know what he was looking for, but at the same time he knew he had to get something to make Greg stay off his back. 
He read through some papers, flipped through others and came to one that seemed interesting. Whistling to himself, he tucked it into his jacket before he fixed and left everything the way he had found it. He removed his watch which he waved at Liz and stated, “I found it, “before he walked towards his office. 
"Jasmine, how are you my love?" Lucas greeted over the phone.
"Luc, missing you," she giggled. "Will I see you today?” she asked anticipating what she would do to him. No longer in close quarters with him, she worried that someone else might snatch him up. Their illicit affair had been going on for two years ever since she started working for him. Thinking of another man, handsome and cold, she shivered. She hated Greg for transferring her to another department. He had caught them in the office, but their story never left it. She knew that she would have been fired, but gave him a sob story of being harassed and giving in. Men were the same. They wanted to be the knight of a damsel in distress. When he suggested she transfer to another department she realized she was trapped and she couldn't refuse, hence the forced separation from her lover.
"Jasmine, I have been thinking." Luc continued. “You spoke about a friend you had in mind for my cousin. I think it’s time she met the family. How do you feel about attending my Gramps party?"
She squealed before she replied, "delighted." She couldn’t wait to meet his family. Attending the party with him was a signal to her that he would leave his wife for her. She hated the thought of sharing him with someone else. She had seen the wife a few times and felt insulted by the condescending way in which she looked at her, as if she was nothing but just an annoying fly. Guess who will be laughing now.
"Don’t forget your friend," he reminded before hanging up. Time his family knew how secretive their golden boy could be.
****
"Are you sure you don’t want to come to the party with me?" Greg asked looking imploringly at his wife who didn’t want to change her stance. After making love to her and looking at the way she glowed, she still did not budge. She was a cold woman. 
“What happened to the fearless prince valiant who said, I will not hide behind my wife’s skirts?" she asked, looking at her handsome husband who seemed like he was caged, caught in his own trap. She almost laughed at his comical expression, but decided to spare his feelings.  "I told you that your rush into marriage would backfire on you but you never listened." Sophie remarked stating the obvious as Greg begged. "Please come with me, I promise I will be good, you just don’t know the women in the family they are so relentless"
"No Greg"
He pulled her back in his arms and kissed her thoroughly, lay on top of her as she opened her legs and wrapped them around him, feeling his need. The man didn’t get tired. 
"Imagine the tender loving care you will miss these couple of days when I am gone." She giggled, Greg was too much. So he was going to use every tactic to convince her to go. As much as she wanted to, she couldn’t as she had received a call earlier in the day that alarmed her, which she needed to deal with.
"Sweetie as much as I want you right now I might throw up on you.” She alerted him of the nausea she was feeling. Rolling from her, she rushed to the bathroom to throw up. She brushed her teeth and tongue, she found it hard to brush the tongue as she always felt the urge to puke further, nevertheless she finished the task without an incident. How she hated this part about pregnancy. As it was her first time, she was still getting the hang of having to puke all of a sudden. Splashing water over her face, she went back to him.
"Morning sickness?" 
"Yes," she replied, as she moved towards him. He pulled her back to bed and cradled her flat tummy.
"I can’t wait for Junior to be born." 
"How do you know it’s a boy," she asked. “It might be a girl”
"I don’t care as long as the child looks like you. Come to think of it, my mom would blow the roof if she discovered you were pregnant with this whole throwing up stuff. It’s a relief you are not coming"
"Ooh you," she swatted his hand. "You are impossible you know that". She tittered. As he bent over and kissed her thoroughly to her hearts content, also making her regret not going with him as he tenderly made love to her.

Chapter 8
"Happy birthday paw paw," Greg smirked as he got into his Grandfathers office. He hugged the old man who was almost the same height as him and settled down on the chair.
"Not what I was expecting for the birthday boy to be doing," he commented noticing for the first time the paper work on the table.
"A man should always set his things in order before leaving the world, Gregory." Paw paw said, smiling and looking at his own image in his youth. If there was one grandchild who had inherited the looks and body structure and looked as his exact copy, it was Gregory.
"Where is my granddaughter in law," paw paw asked after a time as he noticed that no one had followed Greg to the office. Greg shrugged his shoulders. "She wanted me to break the news to everyone without her."  He rolled his eyes and stated, "Women." 
His grandfather chuckled and remarked, "She wants you to dispel the commotion likely to arise from your announcement." Taping on the desk, he continued "I know nothing".
Greg laughed when he realized that his grand pa was afraid of the backlash from the women in the family, if they found out that he had always known about Greg’s impromptu marriage. Lucille would bring the roof down since she had planned Garrett’s relationship and wedding. Finding out that her last born did everything alone was definitely going to anger her.
"Are you happy with her though?" Paw Paw asked.
Greg sighed out of contentment as he leaned deeper into the chair, relaxing. He had always been open with his grandpa. It was easy to explain to him when he found Sophie on what he intended to do. Gramps wired the money that saved her from the brothel but also demanded Greg to clean up his act and join the family business in return. A formidable man in all ways and a cunning business man, Matthew Henderson had made everything that he touched into gold. Mining and ministry, he was at the top of it all. Greg smiled as he thought about Sophie and her sweet face, the woman made him crazy.
"I am happy, gramps," he answered. "I can't wait to introduce her to Granma, mom and everyone. It’s about time".
His grandfather scoffed at him as he noted his expression. "You have to do that soon or else your mother will be marrying you off to someone else after my party."
"What do you mean by that?"
"If I was you, I would go and tell her now." he commented. Greg stood up as his gramps laughed at his expense. He was a grown man yet he was afraid of his mother. Growing up she didn’t spare the rod on him and Garrett. He wished that Sophie was with him and it would have been easier to explain with her on his side. He sighed and left for their house. He had come in straight from the airport to see his grandparents before heading for home. His grandmother was out having gone to church. He would see her in the evening at the party.
*****
Sophie loathed being back to the place which reminded her of the rejection experienced before. As she drove into her aunt’s yard, she questioned her coming back here. Shouldn't she have informed Greg and he would have known how to handle this whole thing. Instead she gave him a stupid excuse and let him leave without her for his Grandfather's birthday.
Her aunt sneered when she realized who was at the door.
"Royalty has decided to grace us today huh.  Come in your majesty," she mocked, opening the door wider and letting her in. The house still looked the same, the way it had before. Except for the fact that after leading the new life Greg had offered to her, the house suddenly seemed to have shrunk and the furniture in it looked old and faded. Sophie settled down on the couch and asked, “Why did you need to see me urgently?"
"Well I thought you would want to share your wealth with your remaining relative."
She scoffed and asked" and why would I do that"
"Let’s say you have more to lose than anyone if you don’t,” her aunt snickered. She stared at her aunt, revealing nothing and wondering if her stint at the establishment was known by her. It was rather impossible though as Madame safely guarded the information about the girls. Thinking her bluff, Sophie stood up and said "if it’s about your pervert husband, remember that Greg already knows about that. The truth from what was cooked up.”
"No sweetie that is where you are wrong. How would you feel if his family came to know everything about you? How you seduced their son and he paid a huge amount of money for you, Sparkle. From respected daughter in law to a purchased whore."
"I don’t know what you are talking about," she retorted to her aunt who jeered at the statement. "You think I don’t know about the things you did after I threw you out. Imagine the stir such a revelation would cause to the business and ministry. There have been rumors that your husband is the next CEO, I wonder how the board would react if they knew of Greg’s colorful history and fetish in a young girl. I can spin it around, how he turned and made you into his whore at a young age of sixteen.” Sophie realized that coming to her aunts’ place had been a bad idea. “What is it that you want from me?" Sophie asked with caution, seeing for the first-time how her aunt loathed her and did not care if she destroyed her life.
"For a start, a hundred thousand dollars will do just fine." 
Incredulously looking at her she asked, "And where do you expect me to find such an amount." She shrugged her shoulders and replied, "You are the wife of a rich man; use your wiles on him. After all it worked the first time. Madame taught you well to the point you snagged for yourself one of the most eligible bachelors." She feigned a shocked expression on her face and continued. “And I thought he would reject you when he realized what you had become. How would he want you after all those men who delighted in your body. Hmmm, it goes to show that true love might still exist. Is your sex life normal?” she cackled. “What do you mean aunt,” Sophie asked in a daze. “Paaah, forget about that,” she waved her hands.  "I don’t care about what you will do. I just want the money. Will twenty four hours be enough?" Sophie was about to protest when her aunt interrupted and said. "Since you are a relation of mine, I think I should give you a break, instead of twenty four, forty eight hours is more appropriate. Bring the money then or else the truth about you will be exposed to the whole world.” Sophie knew her aunt was testing the water as she said that. She very much doubted that she could stick to that price. More was to come.
"Some of us have to work for a living so you can see yourself out”. She flippantly stated, hating breathing in the same air with her niece. The girl reminded her so much of her young sister and she hated her even more for inheriting such beauty while she had been relegated to being a wallflower were men were concerned. Sophie wondered how her aunt would hate her that much.  Her aunt had seen the love Greg had for her and warned him off. So much could have been avoided if she had known about Greg's love for her. She knew he would have protected her then before she sold herself to the establishment, if only she had kept in touch with him. But her aunt had threatened and lied to him when he finally came looking for her and now since they were married, she was bent on destroying that. 
Dejectedly walking towards the door, she shut it behind her and when she was in the security of her car she wept. What was she meant to do? At twenty, what did the world expect of her? Her parents passed on when she was 3 years old leaving her in the care of her aunt. She couldn’t even remember how they looked, apart from seeing them in a few photos. They had looked happy together. Her aunt sheltered her from the evils of the world and in an instant tossed her like used bathing water, when the evils of the world turned out to be her husband. She was taken into a place of ill repute and after Greg saved her from it, now another curve ball was being thrown her way. Was she never meant to be happy? She cradled her tummy that was still flat and got strength from it. She would be a mother in seven months’ time and she had to do right by her child. Be strong. Breathing in some air and breathing out slowly, she put the key in the ignition and left the horrible place with a demented aunt behind her.
****
When Greg drove into the gates of the huge farm house, the first person he saw was his mother standing outside as if she was waiting for him. He gave her a hug and kisses before she ushered him into the house and remarked. "You have such good timing". Not ready to entertain her as he was weary from his journey he stated. "Mom, I am tired, I need a shower, rest and food in that order."
"My handsome son always the joker, you can do all those things after," she sweetly spoke as she literally shoved him towards the living room.  Greg knew the sweetness was being feigned, as he came into the living room he realized why. She was entertaining some visitors. "This is Elise daughter of so and so," Lucille explained. Greg was no longer listening to his mother as his attention was caught by the presence of another lady. What was Lucas up to? Seeing his mistress Jasmine, she thought she had played him with her sob story, but not in the least. 
"Greg, are you listening to me at all." His mother asked hurt by his impassive expression that would scare the poor girl away. She wanted her son married and having children. She wished Greg could be more like Garrett who did what she wanted. She chose a perfect mate for him and now he was happily married. Greg on the other hand growled at women and sent them scrambling for cover. Elise had stood up and stretched out her hand. Lucille cautiously looked at Greg's reaction. He surprised her by smiling, which transformed his face. Giving a handshake to the lady, Elise became uncomfortable at the handsome man and stared down on the floor. 
"Ladies, will you please excuse us for a bit." Barely looking Jasmines way, he pulled his mother out of the room. "I really need a shower and am tired ma. Since you want grandchildren soon, you will be happy to know I met someone."
She scoffed and asked, "When would that have happened when you have been wrapped up in work for the past 8 months. Unless it’s the mystery woman I heard about."
"What mystery woman,” Greg asked taking note of a frown on his mother's face.
"Why didn’t you tell us, are you that embarrassed about your family"
"What are you talking about mom?"
Exasperated she answered. "Your girlfriend, who else, Luc mentioned about a girl you have been seen with lately," Greg was relieved that it wasn’t about his marriage as he didn’t want to start the conversation before he was well rested, he replied. "That’s the lady I am telling you about now."
"Do we know her family, how does she look like, do you think she is fertile and will give me a grandchild soon."
Greg laughed at the excitement clearly on his mother’s face as she forgot about the woman in her living room. He held her on her shoulders and answered. "I will tell you everything in due time. Now can I please rest? I am tired.”  He yawned as proof of how tired he felt and left her in the corridor for his room before she could ask further.
****
Greg was done with his shower and picking out the clothes he would wear. He was more of a jeans kind of person but being at work had forced him to always be in the stuffy suits. Sophie found him attractive in them and she enjoyed the removal process of the whole attire. Thinking about her crazy antics, he decided to give her a call and check up on her.
"Hey sweetie, how are you," he spoke over the phone.
"Greg I miss you so much,” she answered happy to hear from him. "Did you travel safe."
"Yes I did."
"How is everyone," she asked concern evident coming through the end of the line. 
"I am not dead yet, meaning I haven't told them. I will do it soon. Wish you were here it could have been easier. Hey mom, dad, this is Sophia, my wife."  Sophie giggled at that. "Instead I found a person waiting for me who she intended to be my betrothed as soon as possible, and when she heard I met someone, she discarded the person like yesterday’s news and wanted to know more about you". Sophie was laughing yet Greg deeply sensed that something was wrong.
"Soph"
"Yes love, "she cleared her throat. 
"Is everything ok? Are you fine?" 
"I am fine, just the morning sickness".
"Wish I was there with you love". He remarked. "I can travel right away hon and be there in no time at all,” he stated.
"Don’t be absurd Greg. What about your Grandfather's party."
"A party is not a big deal Sophie. You are."
"I will be fine, don’t worry", she answered in her soft husky voice.  "That must be the timer on the oven. Chat with you later and love you," she remarked before hanging up. 
"I love you too," Greg spoke, yet she had already hung up. Although she had tried to cover it up, he sensed that something was bothering her. The cool water had refreshed him, taking note that he didn’t feel like sleeping but rather eating as he was starving, he tiptoed to the kitchen hoping his mother had sent away her visitors. Good the kitchen was empty. He fixed a light snack for himself. His mother came into the kitchen while he was having a glass of milk, freshly delivered from their farms. 
"Gregory tell me about this mystery woman, when will I meet her?" His mother asked. "Are you trying to keep her as far away from us as possible," she frowned taking note on how reluctant he appeared to be. His mother was a nosey person and knew much about what was happening to his family members, since he wasn’t ready to talk, he asked, "Do you know the lady that came with your Elise?" she took the bait and answered. "Jasmine, that’s Lucas’s secretary and mistress," 
"Wow, mom, you knew all that and you let her into our house. What is that saying, birds of the same feathers flock together, and you were ready to give me away to the friend!!"
"ooh you.' she pinched his arm, "I wanted to get a glimpse of the woman who was making Luc crazy. As I have always suspected. Luc is a fool. He doesn’t know that Agatha is special.
"So where is dad" Greg casually asked. 
Lucille shrugged her shoulders when she observed that Greg wasn’t ready to talk about his woman. Humoring him, she replied "He is fixing a breach in the fence on the east side of the farm". Greg hastily got up from the chair relieved and remarked, "I should go and see him." "We are not done Gregory" she retorted. "We will talk ma".

Chapter 9
Greg walked towards the garage and took one of the pickup trucks. As he drove over the farm, he spotted the cattle they owned, being herded towards the artificial watering hole they had made. He whistled and waved to the men herding the cattle who also did the same. After some time he spotted his father at the end of the fence.
"Pa," Greg called out and got out of the car.
"Isn’t it Greggy boy", his father chuckled as he removed his rough work gloves and gave his son a handshake and hug. 
Greg loved the big man and remembered how as a young boy, he used to carry him over the shoulders. When he scraped his knees or hurt any part of the body, as he was binding the wounds he would say, its ok son you can go ahead and cry. Even big boys have to let up at times but don’t let your mother see you. He would chuckle after adding that as an afterthought. He had been a minister for 30 years before he retired and passed on his position to his first born.
Greg took note that he was done with fixing the fence, hence carried the tool box to the truck.
"When did you arrive and did you manage to see your grandparents." His father asked.
"An hour or so ago," he replied. "Only met gramps, granny wasn’t home."
"That woman is always busy with one thing or another." His father stated. 
"So how is work, heard you are driving people mad."
"I am not doing that." Where were his family members getting all their information from, he wondered. 
His father held him by his shoulders and looked straight into his eyes before stating, "Just know this son, that I am proud of you." Greg almost cried like a girl when his father said that. That was the highest compliment that he could ever receive from him. Graham hit him on the back after his short speech and watched him stagger before commenting, "You better bulk up boy or you will grow soft like those men in suits." Greg chuckled at that as he moved towards his truck. 
As he drove his car behind his father, he looked at the land that they owned. One day he would build a farmhouse for Sophie and his children as they left the town life. Though he enjoyed the luxuries offered, he felt in his old age he would prefer the quiet open spaces and fresh air than the hustle and bustle of town life. He hoped that he would instill good values in his children, bringing them up in the Lord. Happy and confident in their own skin, unlike him who had suffered a twinge of identity crisis and had tried to please and fit in with his friends. Lucky enough nothing of that sort happened and he finally lost his virginity to the woman he loved and was committed to. He once heard a famous relationship pastor mention that, a new experience in a man imprinted on him as he connected with the experience.  Those who had their first sexual experience outside of marriage imprinted on the lust of illicit sex, while those who had their first sexual experience in the context of marriage imprinted on the girl.
That’s what happened to him. Sophie seemed to be a part of him that he cherished and would never forsake. He appreciated her very being and nature. Each day that passed he felt his love for her increase and not fizzling out. He could think of a lot of couples who would have been complaining after just a month that their marriage was already like hell. Yet to him it wasn't that at all. He knew he would love the woman till his last breath.
He drove into the gates and parked next to his father who had arrived some minutes ahead and was waiting for him by the door. 
"What took you so long" Lucille asked the two men. "You forget we have a party to go to.” she admonished. Graham winked at his son, before he went to get ready as Greg chuckled at his mother who kept on clucking like a mother hen. 
***
Greg woke up at night startled. He was feeling a bit disoriented wondering what had woken him up. He came in late from his gramps party and he still felt tired and sleepy.  He heard the sound again that had woken him up and realized that it was his phone vibrating. He answered it and became worried when he checked the caller ID. It was Sophie. What would make her call this early, he wondered. "Sophie honey, are you ok?" he asked concerned.
"I ……….am…….. dying…" she whispered faintly and she sounded out of breath. He scrambled up from bed, panicked and reassured her. "Hang in there love………ouch!!" his room was dark and he had stabbed his toe on something, the pain was excruciating. 
"Greg are you ok?" Sophie asked in a loud strong voice when she heard the yelp. Greg switched on the light and looked at his poor toe.
"Just stabbed my toe over the bed rail," he replied. He straightened up and asked, “how come your voice is no longer weak". She was laughing over the phone. 
"I was just making sure if I am still your number one priority." she answered giggling. "Sorry about the toe hon, didn’t mean to make you panic. By the way how would you have reached me in time if I was actually dying?"
The woman was cruel. She was laughing her lungs out, while his poor toe hurt badly. 
Greg settled on the bed and asked. "Is everything ok with you, really, you just sounded different?"
"Don’t be silly Greg, everything is fine. I am just missing you. I was feeling hot from this summer heat and hungry at the same time, so decided to prepare a snack. Just keep me company, will you," she begged. He told her about the party and the who and whose who had attended.
"I didn’t know I was married into such an influential family," she commented. 
"You were always clueless honey, I don’t blame you." Greg quipped, eliciting a giggle from her. If he was with her, he would have received a swat on his arm. After she was done with her early morning snack, she informed him that she was getting into bed. 
"Soph…" he whispered over the phone
"Hmm"
"I love you"
"Love you too," she replied and he could hear the smile in her voice.
"Sing for me Greg," she implored. She liked hearing his deep voice and right now she needed it more since he wasn’t there with her. Greg cleared his throat and started singing as he usually did ever since they found out they were expecting, after he was done he hung up.
Greg was startled when the door to his room creaked open after he hung up. Lucille walked into her son’s bedroom and asked. 
"Who were you singing to at this early hour?"
"Soph was feeling hot from the heat and hungry so she wanted me to entertain her while she had a snack," Greg replied smiling at the thought of her. It suddenly dawned on him when he caught his mother’s expression of horror, that he had let something slip through the crevices before time. 
Lucille saw his expression when he answered; she cleared her throat and softly whispered. “Greg, I hope you haven’t put your girlfriend in the family way before you got married."
"Ahhh Mom," he guiltily looked at her as she continued speaking what was in her mind, "You kids of nowadays do things differently. You date and sleep with each other and cast each other aside. We didn’t bring you up like that." 
After she was done, she stared at him trying to read his expression before she spoke again seeing he wasn’t answering or retorting back that she shouldn’t assume the worst of him. "What respectable lady would wake up early and prepare a snack apart from one having pregnancy cravings?" she asked. Greg finally reached out and hugged her before he reassured, "My dear mom, don’t think the worst, I have always stuck to the lessons that you taught me."
"Ooh you, always buttering me up," Lucille chuckled, relieved that she was wrong. "I would hate to see the horrible Luc as better than you, at least he married well and the wife bred in their matrimonial home."
He scoffed at the notion as his mother was used to saying that Lucas, his cousin acted like the spawn of the devil at times. 
"Sex is always special when done God's way," she commented and elicited a groan from him. Here we go again, Greg thought.
"Your father and I were both untried and discovering things together was like an adventure"
"Moooom,” he groaned, he didn’t want to hear about his parents getting it on.
"Ok, I understand you are shy about such matters, no need to be afraid though," she smiled brightly, pasted a kiss on his cheek and left. 
Greg slumped on the bed after she was gone and thought of the crazy women in his life.
****
"Greg when are you going to get married?" His grandmother asked. That was the usual question his grandmother enquired of him every time when they met. His mother could be relentless in that except he managed to avoid her when she started on the whole marriage thing. With his granny, it was always different as she managed to slot in the question with subtlety at times. Greg was reclining right across from her in the study after being summoned by her. It was a day after the party which had been a huge success. Some of his many relatives were still around, including Luc, which irritated Greg to no end. The fact that Lucas deemed it right to bring his mistress to his gramps birthday party showed how disrespectful he was. His sweet wife had pretended not to notice anything amiss. 
He coughed, clearing his throat as he felt as someone on trial before he could answer to her question. "That’s what I wanted to talk about. I got married two months ago."
"You did what?" Lucille shouted. She was bringing in tea to the family matriarch and caught the end of the conversation. Such was her shock that she dropped the tray.  Relations rushed into the huge study to see the commotion. 
"There is nothing to hear or see here,” Eve the matriarch said, as she shooed her nosey family. One of Greg’s cousins started picking up the pieces of the tea cups and pot.  Eve looked at Lucille who was about to blow the roof and shook her head negatively. Being angry wasn’t going to solve anything. After the shards of pottery had been picked and Lucille huffily left the study, Eve turned to her grandson and asked.
"Now, where were we? Married, when did that happen and how come your family wasn’t aware about this?"
"Two months ago, she is expecting our first child," Greg answered. He had been nervous about this whole thing but when he finally opened up; he found it was easier to tell it all. There was a slight pause which made Greg uncomfortable as he wondered what his grandmother was thinking of.
"What’s wrong with her?" Eve finally asked looking closely at her grandsons’ reaction. She already knew that Greg was married from her grandson Lucas. She even had a copy of the marriage certificate. The fact that Garrett had solemnized the marriage, and he said nothing about it, made her the more suspicious. She hoped her husband hadn't hidden such a huge thing from her.
"Nothing is wrong granny, it just happened so fast. I fell in love with her and married her," he responded. He shifted on his seat under the unwavering gaze as his grandmother happened to be good at staring at people and making them blurt out the truth at the end.
"It’s unlike you Greg," his grandmother probed. "You would have been so proud and showed her off to the world, not being secretive about it," she stated, still looking intently at him. "Are you sure nothing is wrong with her, perhaps a scandalous past." Greg was squirming under her probing gaze and her assumption made him the more agitated as it was about to hit home. He nervously laughed. No one would ever realize that about Sophie unless if they dug deeply. Besides the reason he didn’t come with her is that she refused and was adamant that he spoke to his family first, without her being there to fuel the situation. He didn't care about her past. He accepted her the way she was and loved her.
"She is perfect granny, she is beautiful, a good wife to me and will make a good mother." Eve scoffed at him, "How come you haven’t introduced this paragon of virtue to your family then?" He scratched his head and gave up. He would tell her everything, including Sophie’s year at the brothel. Women could be very inquisitive.
Evelyn heaved a sigh after her grandson told her everything including his fears. Of all people she would never have thought of Greg stepping foot in a brothel. Her husband didn’t tell her about all this. She would teach him a lesson he would never forget. Even old man could be corrected by using other means. 
"Bring her to the farm so she meets everyone and you get married the way we do. Greg don’t you be opening your mouth in order to protest. She needs to be welcomed properly by the family".
"Thanks granny," he felt relieved that the ordeal was over and stood up, thinking on how happy Sophie will be when she heard the good news. What she needed were people who loved her and he knew that his family would be good to her. 
"By the way, I am not going to help you were your parents are concerned. You should find a way to make it right and explain why you did what you did," Eve stated and laughed at the horror that Greg revealed on his face when she said that. Greg for a split second saw his mother throwing shoes, pots, pans, whatever was at hand at him as he ran around the house. He gulped and watched his granny titter out of mirth. 
"Don’t forget this," she remarked, as she had totally forgotten about the envelope. She handed it to him and watched him open it. Greg watched the paper slide from the envelope and instantly knew who might have given it to his grandmother. Lucas. Liz had mentioned in passing his snooping around incidence in his office and at that time he didn’t think much about it. He tucked it under his arm and thanked his granny before he left the huge study.
Lucille did not look at Greg as they left for home. She felt betrayed. Greg could have told her but he evaded her every question. Hearing about his marriage in the process of delivering tea, was shocking. Did she make it that hard for her son to open up to her? When she called her husband, he laughed. Of all the reactions to be expected, she didn’t see that coming. 
She got into the house and her son trailed behind, cautious of any flying pots and pans. "I am sorry mom, I should have told you," he apologized.
"What difference would it have made," she asked, scowling at him and his apology. Greg took her hands and cradled them. They were small and dainty compared to his. It was as if they had reversed their roles as he could remember a time when his were small and she would cradle and kiss them. He stared at his beautiful mother intently, she was a tiny woman yet all her children were tall and broad. She was a contrast to his tall curvy wife. "Mom, I know I made a mistake in not telling you. I just fell in love and couldn't wait for the whole clan to come together so we marry." he implored with his eyes for her to understand him.
"Ooh Greg," she sniffled and cradled his face. Her son had grown up so much from one who used to ask her about what to do. He was his own man and she couldn’t fault him. She would have loved to have been there for him when he took the huge step. Marriage wasn’t something to be taken lightly.  "I hope you made a good match for yourself and she is from a respectable family."
Greg sighed, relieved and took hold of her hand that was cradling his face. "Wow, I can't believe this, my mother being this understanding without pots and pans flying", he feigned being hurt as she swatted his arms. He reached out to hug and kissed her on the forehead. Leaving her in the kitchen he called Sophie and she didn’t answer. He assumed that she might have gone to school, since she was still studying for her degree in culinary arts and he decided to call her later. He couldn't wait to tell her the good news.
***
Greg had been trying to get a hold of Sophie and he was getting worried. He was with his father chatting in the study when his phone chimed alerting him. He opened the message and stared aghast at what it said. A considerable amount of money was moved from his and Sophie’s joint account. He dialed her number but she was still unreachable. 
"Is something the matter son,” his father asked looking at his stricken face.
"I am failing to get hold of Sophie and I just got an alert of money being withdrawn from our account."
"How much is that", his father asked. 
"It’s a hundred thousand dollars". His father whistled when he heard the figure. 
"I think I should leave," Greg said standing up. "Please pa, don’t say anything to ma." 
"Ok sonny, let me drive you to the airport." 
It was two hours later when Greg reached his home.  He opened the door to his house and called out. "Sophie I am home." The house was deathly silent. He rushed to the kitchen where she was usually to be found baking up a storm and living room she wasn’t there. Going to their bedroom, she was not there. He started checking every other room banging doors. He tried to call her again, this time her number was no longer in use. He imagined her being hurt somewhere and alone. She was expecting why did she do such a stupid thing?  He slumped on the bed and noticed a white envelope on the dresser. He rushed to the note as if his life depended on it and slit it open. Her wedding band slid into his palm followed by the note. It was just a few words meant to hurt him and destroy whatever future he would have looked forward to with her. He finally sat down on the bed, dejected.

Chapter 10
4 months later.
The car glided through the well paved street and came to the gate of the mansion which effortlessly slid open. Evelyn looked at the security of the place. “Madame seems to be doing well for herself," she commented.
"It wasn’t like this ma’am. They have been some considerable changes and an increase in security over the months," the driver stated as a matter of fact. The CCTV cameras looked like they had been installed all over. That’s why the gate had slid open as they approached it as if someone was monitoring their every move. Evelyn guessed that the changes might have been brought about by her family coffers. 
"I wonder how she sleeps at night though, knowing that she is destroying a lot of people's lives with her establishment," the driver mused. "She is making a living just like anyone else," Evelyn answered making her driver grimace. "And it’s not like it stops you men from seeking her out. She just put the temptation out there for all to see but you men take the bait and complain again that it’s disreputable, very typical," she scoffed.  Hendricks laughed at what his boss was saying. She always managed to view things from both sides and was blunt when she delivered her thoughts. 
"If they were a lot of opportunities for people, maybe they would lessen this situation, but for the mean time the rich are getting richer while they strip the dignity of the common folks. Something as basic as paying an employee so they can afford to live in a dignified manner, they fail to do that. They think of reducing costs when it comes to employee wages and salaries, but machineries and luxurious lifestyles are top priority".  Hendricks nodded at what Evelyn was saying. Before, he was working as a driver for a CEO of a Medical Aid society. Apart from the fancy uniform he wore, his life was pathetic as he tried to provide for his family. He lived from pay slip to pay slip without any savings. The government also did not help as it had one form of tax cut to the next. 
The plight of the workers was never heard and the executives kept on buying fancy cars and getting privileges while they delayed in paying their employees’ salaries and blaming it on the economy. That’s the difference he realized with working with the Henderson. From their construction companies, to their mines and farms, employees were treated fairly and paid well. It was even said that Eve had taken it upon herself to make a family basket of her own. She usually went to the supermarket and bought for a family of eight children using the minimum salary her employees got. She would haggle over that if she felt the injustice of how her workers lived and managed to turn things around where they were concerned. The Henderson family never did the minimum but strived to do above and beyond expected. That’s the reason even if some members were scandalous in their conduct; the employees still remained faithful and mum about their private lives. They had managed to build schools for their employees children, which were well subsidized. Since he started working for them as their driver, Hendricks managed to save and buy two fuel saving cars within a year, which were being used as taxis, he hoped to acquire more and eventually retire.
He opened the door for his boss and watched her look at the big mansion with the well groomed lawns. "Did you notice there has been a rise in men committing suicide all because of the challenges they are facing, hunger and poverty. Women end up selling their daughters to make ends meet. From what I heard madam doesn’t take in just anybody. Is it right for her to do that, no it’s not. But as long as they are in this establishment, it gives the impression that they are well off and have all that they need, food, clothing, roof over their heads and protection. Little do they realize that they are just putting themselves under another form of oppression," shrugging she commanded. "Come along it’s not like will solve the issues of the world by discussing and standing around". Hendricks chuckled as Eve for a while had looked distant lost in her thoughts.
The men had searched for the woman who didn’t want to be found to no avail. The holiday season arrived and ended as Greg distanced himself from his family. Without Sophie by his side, Christmas made him think on how they had anticipated spending it together. Evelyn made the decision to search for her instead. Why let a man do a woman's job. They had failed to look for the girl at one place she could be, where she met her grandson, the brothel.
They thought she ran off with the money and was living life and none of them could imagine her going back to that place. Surveying the place as she walked towards the door, she thought, it could be mistaken for a family home. There was no sign of any cars or guests meaning people started trickling into the establishment in the evening. She guessed that the girls were resting now. The driver led her, grabbed the steel and banged on the door before waiting. A girl who appeared to be barely out of her teens answered the door. 
Men, Evelyn thought pitying the girl who stood in front of her. She was ushered into a well carpeted room and led to madam’s office.
****
Sophie was sweating profusely from the heat in the kitchen. She took out the scones from the oven and placed them on the rack so they could cool off a bit before she could package them. She had been baking since morning and she could feel her strength being drained. At six months she was getting tired easily. The guard at the brothel supplied the local shops with the bread, scones and cakes she baked. She had managed to save a bit and also prepare for the coming baby. Settling down and wiping off the sweat with a face towel she was shocked when madam came into the kitchen with an expensively dressed elegant woman. Her eyes widened as the woman drew nearer and she looked at the eyes and nose that looked so identical to her husband.  
She must have gasped loudly because the woman stayed Madame’s hand as she was about to do the introduction. 
"She recognized me. That will be all", the woman softly spoke and smiled at madam. There was no malice or judgment in her eyes.
"You recognize me, right?" The woman asked, turning to Sophie after observing that madam had left them alone.
"You are Greg’s grandmother", Sophie replied, as Evelyn scoffed and remarked, "At least you still remember him".
She settled down on the chair and asked, "Why did you run away?"
Sophie hadn’t expected to be asked that question especially as this was her first meeting with Greg’s grandmother.
"Like I mentioned to Greg, I was no longer interested in the marriage," she answered. She was feeling hot, irritable, and tired. What was the purpose of the grandmother's visit unless she wanted the money back?
"No my dear, you didn’t explain it that way. You crushed his heart and your intent was to leave him loathing you and never looking for you, why?” Evelyn was still looking intently at Sophie. She sure was a tall beautiful girl as Greg had mentioned. She stared at her huge bulk and trailed back to Sophie’s face as she wanted to trace any form of emotion that would give her away. Her grandson might be anything else but a bad judge of character he was not.
"Did some one black mail you?" Eve asked. There it was, a flicker of fear which vanished in an instant as if it wasn’t there in the first place.
“No one did," she replied. "I didn’t want to be with Greg any longer". Eve jeered at her adamancy and asked, "So you prefer the brothel to a respectable life for you and your unborn child. Let’s say you really fancy this life," she waved her hands around the kitchen, “what were you planning to tell your unborn child when he or she was old enough to understand, that you had the chance to give her a bright future but chose this life instead."
"No, I hadn’t planned that further along, I do not intend to be here for long", Sophie said.
Greg was right, Evelyn looked at the girl, she didn’t think about the future, only the present. Her mind flashed back to when she saw her grandson again after telling him to come back with the girl. He had been devastated. She had left her ring and a note telling him that she wanted out. Her freedom to do what she wanted to and he was holding her back.  Greg didn’t care about the money she took, he had made a few investments hence was doing rather well without even breaking a sweat at his age. Being in the family business was more of paying a debt as he had needed more then to save Sophie from the brothel. The girl will never realize how much that was worth. Nevertheless he had managed to repay within eight months of being ruthless and a risk taker as others were heard saying. Five years is all that he had agreed upon for the construction company to turn around and be more. He was wearing a grimace on his face when he said; Soph is naive and hasn't seen much of how cruel the world can be. When I found her at the brothel she was thinking of just the present. She never thought about the future. Her dreams of becoming a Chef, getting married and having kids were all gone, down the drain. All because one woman failed to protect her niece but chose her husband over her."
Sophie nibbled at her lower lip, contemplating her next move.
"Good God girl, you should think about the present, what kind of life will you give this child. What about the child’s reputation. You have the chance of giving that child a good name and you just threw that away. What happened to the money? For a person who left a rich young woman, we would have expected a luxurious lifestyle. So why come back to this place." 
Sophie looked dejected by the barrage of questions being thrown her way. She lived for her child day by day, making the best out of it. How would her child have the good name, if her aunt exposed what she was? What would people think about Greg? Now this woman was making her wonder at a lot of things which she wasn’t ready to confront. Sighing she replied. 
"I had to protect Greg, his reputation would have suffered all because of me, and I had to do something. I don’t intend to stay here for long". A tear trickled down from her eye. She felt vulnerable. Leaving him hurt so much. 
The grandmother scoffed at her and remarked, "We look at your present and not the past. I know people can be brutal, but if you live out your life honorably they see the present and will not have the time to bring up the past. Have you gone back to practicing?” Evelyn bluntly asked.
“I wouldn’t dare do that to myself or my child. I have been baking for the local tuck shops and earning my keep from that,” Sophie was outraged at the woman to even consider that she had gone back into prostitution. What she and Greg had shared was precious to be tarnished in that way. As she spoke she pointed out to the scones she had put on the rack. “Good, there is still some form of decency in you then. Leave the past where it belongs, your present and future is with Greg”. She shrugged her shoulders and asked, “And what makes you think that our family is scandal free or our members haven't been blackmailed before. It comes with the territory. If you are a Henderson you are likely to be blackmailed." The way she was speaking pertaining to these issues made Sophie believe that everything was possible. That indeed her past was just that, past and what Greg had mentioned about his grandmother was proving to ring true. She wasn’t judgmental but loved people and left the judgment to God. "We as a family stick together and that’s what you are, ever since you got married to my grandson. My dear when you signed those dotted lines it was for better and for worse. You and Greg need each other and it's not good for you to deprive him of being with his child or of you depriving your child of the father."
"I know that, but I didn’t have a choice." 
"You had a choice, either to stay with him or leave, and you chose to leave"
Evelyn and Sophie were staring at each other like two people playing a mind game. Sophie took note that Eve was studying and contemplating what she would say as she could tell by the way the old woman deflated all her concerns as if they were nothing. She wondered how the old lady found her. She knew Greg wouldn’t search for her in this place, especially after madam had told her to never come back. 
Evelyn laughed and replied, "From what Greg told me, I put two and two together, that if you were being blackmailed, you would pay up and go back to where you once felt safe. If not to your aunt, then to the establishment"
"Your aunt is nowhere to be seen, so this was my next place. I take it, that it was your relation who blackmailed you."
Sophie was looking at the woman disbelievingly as she spoke and answered to the question hadn’t asked but thought about.
“Don’t be surprised, before you look for outside forces, look at family. I have those in mine, who would betray you and not even feel remorse over it. While we are at it, are you coming back or you will remain behind and take things a day at a time as you have been doing. Forget about your life here at the brothel, if you loved it, you would be practicing now irrespective of the child you are carrying. If it ever comes out I can assure you we will handle it. As for your greedy aunt, she will not blackmail you ever again”. She finished and giggled, managing to make Sophie wonder on whether she was serious or not. She noted the humor in her eyes and also a challenge she was presenting to her. Either she could begin to trust in the goodness of people or flounder around as she was doing, without a family support structure apart from madam. She chuckled when she noticed the smirk on Greg’s grandmothers face, then she thought about him and the hurt she caused him when she left. Her face became gloomy as she stated, "Greg must hate me and doesn’t want to see me, after what I did and the note I left for him wasn't a good one," cradling her face in her hands, she realized how she had messed up. 
Evelyn’s grin widened as if she knew something that Sophie didn’t. "Leave my grandson to me. Just go and pack up. The family has been longing to meet you for so long.”
***
Lucas budged into Greg's office without knocking. He was seething with fury. Ever since Sophie ran away, Greg became a beast and seemed to be taking out his anger on him. And his grandfather had to put him on probation for the CEO position. He thought he was the more appropriate person for the job. He had the qualifications, skills, and experience for the role and was way older than his cousin.
 "What is this Greg," he shouted not caring at all on who heard him. He threw some papers onto his table, which seemed to have turned into a habit as Greg riled him the wrong way all the time. Greg merely raised his brows and stated coldly, "That is me doing my job". 
Lucas sneered. "No, that is you trying to discredit me". Settling down on the chair and glaring at his cousin, he remarked. "Just because your wife betrayed you, doesn't mean you have to lash out on us". He knew he was crossing the line, but was tired of being bullied. Greg had sanctioned for his department to be audited. As he was speaking with Greg, the external auditors were already fine combing through his records and had retrieved some computers. The Finance department was his baby and for him not to have been informed, infuriated him as his very position was being disregarded. He wanted respect.
"If you know what’s good for you, you will say nothing about my wife," Greg growled. "As for the audit it was long coming, you have been slack in your work and they are some anomalies being noted coming from your department, time and again".
Lucas scoffed at that statement. If Greg wanted war then he was going to get it.
"A little heads up would have been much appreciated" he remarked still glaring at his cousin. "If nothing is going on in your department, then there is no need for you to worry," before he could continue his phone rang and he answered it. For a second he froze and Lucas wondered what was going on in his head again. His face seemed to be drained. Was his cousin about to die on him? Watching him fascinated and wondering who was on the other end of the line, he looked at Greg as he suddenly stood up. "Luc I should go and like I said, if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to worry about" , he grabbed his coat and rushed out of the office without glancing at Luc, in a hurry as if someone was out to get him.

Chapter 11
Greg rushed into the house panting as if he had been running in a marathon, yet it was just from his car to the house. Ever since he heard the news, he couldn’t sit still. He had rushed to the airport and two hours later he was breathing in the fresh air of the country life and driving like a maniac to his parents’ farm house. His grandma used to call and they would talk about Sophia. She didn’t want him to foster some kind of resentment towards her and she would give him her sage advice over the issues of life. The call he received while Lucas was ranting was different, this time she was informing him that Soph was back home. He rushed without delay into the huge living room and spotted her sitting next to his mother, chatting. He froze and his mother lightly poked her hand making her aware of him. His aunts were also present. It looked like a women’s gathering instead of Sophie’s long overdue coming into the family fold. He watched his beautiful Sophie struggle to stand from the couch. Her huge bulk was making her movements slow and awkward. 
Everyone appeared to be looking at the couple, holding their breaths. Walking to Greg, her steps were tentative as she saw the hurt in his eyes. He had lost a bit of weight. All because of her and the fact that she didn’t trust him enough in that he had do anything to protect her. She reached where he stood frozen, wondering if he would reject her. Finally he opened his arms and she rushed into them as he hugged and kissed her all over her face.
"I missed you honey" he stated simply. "Awww look at them” his mother whispered gushing. The silence ended as everyone began to talk over other things. Evelyn was gushing looking at the happy faces of Greg and Sophie. She spoke with Greg pertaining to love and what it entailed. A person had to lose, cast off their pride and be patient with their partner even when they felt the other party had been unjust to them. They had to return good for that evil committed. He had a choice either to accept Sophie back and love her, or let her go forever. She was glad he chose the former, to accept her and forgive her for leaving him. 
Greg was marveling at how big Sophie had become. She took his hand and placed it on her belly and whispered. "Someone is glad to meet you". Feeling a light jab on his hand coming from the tummy he realized the baby was kicking. He was grinning from ear to ear. "Looks like our Greggy boy isn’t a beast after all", Caroline commented looking at her nephew who was usually in a sour mood finally smiling. That was a first. 
"I never thought I would see the day when Mattie would look at a woman with such tenderness" his other aunt Juanita exclaimed. 
"Leave my son alone," Lucille chuckled. "Can’t you see you are making him uncomfortable?" Indeed his aunts were embarrassing him as if he was doing anything apart from the ordinary.  Soph always brought out his soft side. 
"Greg honey I am sure you need to rest from your journey. Why don’t you do so?" His mother asked after observing her son who appeared to be overwhelmed by the things that were taking place. She was happy that one ordeal was over. He had been a party pooper after Soph left, at home and work, grouchy and unapproachable. She knew that he had searched for his wife and as each day passed, turned into a week and month, he started doubting himself and his love for her, losing hope as more time passed.  Evelyn was confident that Greg knew how to judge a person's character and if he believed Sophie to be special and not one who would hurt him in that manner, then he was right. Lucille chuckled when Greg excused himself and pulled his wife along with him. Sophie peeved and embarrassed at the same time asked, "Why did you do that,” as he grinned. "What will your mother think of me?"
He cradled her face in his hands and remarked. "Forget about my mother and aunts. No need to be agitated. I missed you so let me look at you." Thoroughly kissing her, he commanded afterwards, "turn around and I look at you". Sophie was giggling as she turned around. She was wearing some comfortable flat shoes, black leggings and a coffee dress top with beads at the round collar and end of the long sleeves. 
"Damn woman you are biiig", Greg commented and received a swat on his arm. He pulled her towards him and hugged her. She turned but still remained in his arms as she looked outside the house. His mother had opened the windows and curtains wide in the morning. He sighed with contentment and whispered in her ear, "Don’t you ever scare me like that Soph, I was worried sick about you. We talk over these things you don’t just leave." Turning her so she could face him and he could look into her eyes he asked. "When have I ever failed to protect you Soph?" He still looked hurt. Her heart was torn when she realized how much she meant to him. The months must have been torture for him as they were for her. Running her hand over his face she replied, feeling remorseful.
"You have never failed me Greg, that’s why I wanted to protect you for once. I feared that if I stayed with you, my aunt will always demand more and you will never have peace. I told her when I paid her that I had also left you so she had nothing she could do that would hurt or do damage to your reputation. "
"My sweet Soph, you were always thinking about someone else and never about yourself.  What about you, would you have lived alone without me?"
"I don’t know." She shrugged.
"Look at me Soph," Greg commanded. "It’s you, me, together against the world. You hear me. Don’t you ever forget that." 
"Ooh Greg, I am sorry for being such a fool and never trusting you enough."
"It’s okay sweetie. I understand. You were always clueless." 
"Ooh you" she swatted at his arm. How he had missed that.
"Look at the time that has passed. Instead of creating memories together we were apart. Promise me you will never do such a thing again." 
His eyes were imploring her. “I promise” she said and kissed him to seal it. 
"Did you meet my pa and paw paw." She chuckled and remarked. "Yes. It felt like I was meeting your older versions. Your pa was already saying he sure could do with a grandson. He is tired of females trotting around the farm."
Greg laughed, that was very typical of his father. 
"I like your family. They are nice and friendly."
"And they like you too sweetie."
“Greg”
“Hmmmm”
“What are you doing?” Sophie asked as she noted that she could feel her back being bared. Greg chuckled and remarked, “I am tired from the journey and I need a bath, but I am not going alone”. Sophie felt shy as her body had undergone considerable changes. She looked at him, at his reaction as he disrobed her. Getting out of her clothes, he whispered, “You are beautiful”. He was having the same reaction he did prior and she felt desirable in his sight. 
She watched him disrobe before he carried her effortlessly to the bathroom where he lathered her with a flowery scented washing gel. The tub was huge, as if it had been made for a woman huge like her. How she had missed him. Kissing, tasting his lips, she let him love her and make her feel desired. After they were done bathing, he carried her to the bed and toweled her whole body, kissing her as he did so. “Greg the baby” Sophie looked at him questioningly as he said, “Nothing wrong will happen. They are positions that we can take to make you comfortable”, by the time he was done talking she was giggling.
“Did you research about this?” she asked. He shrugged and answered, “I had hope that my wife would be back in my arms, so I wanted to know everything pertaining to the changes in her body and what to do. Besides it will be good for you as it will help you when the time comes for you to deliver”. Laughing at his odd ways, she let him have his way which they both enjoyed.
****
It had been two weeks after Sophie was introduced to the fold and the family was preparing for the wedding. Greg travelled to town for work during the week and came for weekends to the farm. Sophie came into the kitchen where her mother in law was.  She settled down on the chair and greeted Caroline, Luc’s mother who was visiting and helping out with the wedding arrangements. Sophie looked at the list and commented on the number of guests.
Caroline giggled and stated,” honey we have yet to write down the guest lists, that’s family you are seeing on that list”
Sophie nearly fainted, “That’s impossible.” as her mother in law and Caroline laughed. Greg got into the kitchen taking note of her comical expression. 
“Mom, aunt, what did you say to my wife that has left her dumbfounded,” he enquired. “She saw the family list and thought it was for the guests. Greggy boy didn’t you tell her what she was in for.” 
“I married her in order for her not to retreat when she finally met the whole clan” he winked. 
“Five hundred!” Sophie chocked. She grew up with just her aunt and uncle. Those were her relations. How would one keep track of five hundred?
“In counting,” Caroline commented before pointing out, “you are expecting Greg Junior there.” 
“How,” she asked. “The natural way, how do children come?” Caroline was laughing and enjoying at Sophie’s expense.
“Well I have seven children, who have such numbers also. Minimum number of children in the Henderson family is five; some have seven and so on. Lucille is the stickler in the family as she had two sons only. Doug, Greg’s uncle happens to have fifteen.” 
Sophie was holding her neck as Aunt Caroline spoke, “Fifteen from one woman or different.”
“One wife,” she smirked at Sophie who looked completely horrified.
“Caroline please will you stop scaring my daughter in law.” Lucille warned, “Look at how stricken she looks as if about to run away from him.” Sophie was looking at Greg as he winked at her. They hadn’t spoken about the number of children and she had thought one was appropriate. That explained his libido, she had ventured into a baby making family. He had said, he would visit on weekends, but the past two weeks she had been back home, Greg preferred to even visit during the week not minding the travelling of going back and forth, to see her. Huh. More likely to have it on with her, the man stripped off all his clothes when he arrived even at night and woke her up. Not that she minded, but five or fifteen children.
“You should do something Lucille,” Caroline said. “Or your line would dwindle out. You stopped at two and Garrett has girls, your sons also married late at twenty two and Greg twenty five.”
“Aren't those the appropriate age aunt,” Sophie managed to ask.
Caroline answered “Eighteen is appropriate. If your husband was a lady he would be a confirmed spinster. Come to think of it even bachelor, Greg was a beast where women were concerned. He literally growled like a bear and sent them scampering off,” Caroline chuckled. 
Sophie knew both sides of him, the man who would jealously protect what was his and the one who laughed, loved and would cry at a mushy story. Both sides appealed to her and were sweet when she thought about them, not beast-like as aunt Caroline described.
“Are you talking about my sweet Greg,” Sophie asked, shocked. 
Lucille scoffed and said “the same one.” 
“Well the Greg I met wasn’t anything like that. He was friendly, loving, open, talkative and protective of those he loved.” Caroline opened her mouth and shut it again, speechless as was his mom. “Greggy boy are you for real. Did you trick this poor girl into marrying you by being an angel?” They laughed out loud at the absurdity of it all. Greg watched his mother and aunt laugh at his expense. He contemplated pulling his wife’s leg even more. He was enjoying her comical expressions as she looked at him as if he had suddenly grown two heads.
“Ha, ha” he joined in. “sweetie can you come here for a second, need to show you something”, beckoning to the corridor as he knew his mother would take the bait, she did. Chuckling as her daughter in-law excused herself, Lucille remarked, “No need to fear Caro, Greg will have those five kids”. 
Sophie choked and swatted Greg’s arm as he laughed. “We better get busy in making those five kids”, he whispered.

Chapter 12
It was a month after she was introduced to the family. Sophie giggled as she thought about getting married twice in a row. Marg was her best friend and she had also introduced her to Agatha. Lucy was always seen trailing behind her or leading as she made her walk and keep active.  Agatha, Luc’s wife was the designer to most of the clothes that Greg spoilt her with. Greg's family had welcomed her with open arms that she no longer felt the rejection and loneliness that had plagued her before. Her life was surrounded by people that seemed to genuinely care for her. They embraced her like one of their own.
Looking at herself in the mirror, she smiled. Two of Greg's cousins had taken care of her make-up. Agatha had sewn her maternity wedding gown. It was a simple mermaid shaped gown that showed her best features even with the bulge of her tummy. For a pregnant woman, she looked and felt beautiful. "May I come in?" Lucille asked, as she came and sat down on the chair opposite her daughter in law. "You are looking beautiful dear," she whispered.
"I brought you something that will compliment your dress". She handed her the scarlet red velvet box. When Sophie opened it, she gasped, the beauty of the pieces taking her breath away. 
"That was a gift from Eve when I gave birth to Greg. As his wife, you should have them. Aww sweetie don’t cry, you will ruin your make up," Lucille crooned giving her daughter in law a hug and a tissue to dab her eyes. The necklace indeed looked like part of her dress when she wore it. "There you go, looking beautiful love," Lucille commented after donning her with the earrings and necklace. Sophie held onto her mother in law and muttered, “Thank you for everything”. She was overwhelmed by the love she was receiving from Greg’s family as it overflowed and managed to take away by leaps and bounds the rejection of her own relations. She was beginning to realize that a family was much more than people tied by blood.
"No need love,” Lucille stated before she informed her, “Paw paw is waiting for you,” as she helped her stand. Sophie looked at the petite beautiful woman who treated her more like a daughter without the in law part. Since she had no relation of her own to walk her down the aisle, Paw paw was willing to act the role. Sophie was struck at how much he resembled Greg. She could well imagine Greg in his old age, with the grey hair on the side bands. "Looking beautiful my dear" Paw paw said as he gave her a kiss on both cheeks. “Shall we go?” They were having a garden wedding. Sophie was shocked when she saw the guests. She had met some of the relatives during the week towards her wedding and she could not grasp all their names. She was glad that the relations also happened to be those joined by marriage. Aunt Caroline was just pulling her leg when she stated they all came from one family. Apparently the five children minimum number rang true with an exception of Uncle Doug who broke the record. 
Lucille jested about it and told her to relax. If God gave her those, then it was good. God blessed her with Garrett and Gregory, afterwards she couldn't have any. Not because of choice but failure to get pregnant no matter how hard she tried. She was content with her two sons and grateful to have had them. Some didn’t have that privilege at all of holding children in their arms. Greg turned as everyone stood. Looking handsome with his lopsided smirk that always managed to turn her legs to jelly, she smiled also as they walked down the aisle. She had apprehensions on whether she would stick to her promise of not leaving him to try to protect him again. But one look on his confident face, seeing the love in his eyes gave her the courage and conviction that she would never do that. Like he said before, ‘It’s us against the world Soph.’ Paw paw went to his seat after delivering the bride to the groom and the retired minister Graham Henderson began his speech.
***
"Congratulations cousin," Lucas said as he came over to Greg and wife. "Not bad," he smirked. Greg was already scowling as he watched his cousin make a spectacle of himself. He had Jasmine on his side, flaunting her to family as if nothing was out of the ordinary. Couldn’t the man see he was ruining a good thing and taking away the peace of his home? Agatha held her head proudly and continued to smile and chat with relations ignoring her openly philandering husband. 
Sophie squeezed Greg’s hand as he had tightened it into a fist. Caressing it and making him relax; she looked at him with understanding in her eyes and smiled. “It will all be fine” she softly spoke. Greeting the rest of their guests as they flocked to the bride and groom, for a while Greg managed to take his attention from his infuriating cousin. He was happy when he saw his friends also walking towards them. The crazy rascals were not even aware that they brought Soph back into his life when they dared him at the brothel.
“Congratulations” Dominic stated as he hugged his best friend, while Ethan and Brad took turns to give Soph a hug and kiss. 
“It’s nice to see you Soph,” Brad said, looking at the beauty. He met Soph at the convenience store before Greg. Some guys just had all the luck, he thought. Unknown to both of them, Brad realized they had feelings for each other and they both denied that fact. He didn’t pursue her when he realized that fact. When she disappeared he thought if he was the first one to find her, she could finally be his. But Greg found her instead.
“Nice to see you too Brad,” she replied in a husky voice before she asked, “Where is your date? Thought I heard Greg mention something about you settling for one woman”
“Ha, ha, you know Soph you were my one woman, the rest are just a passing phase”
“Ooh you” she swatted his arm. Dominic congratulated her, while Ethan went to get more wine wishing for a stronger drink to take off the edge. He had spotted Agatha looking beautiful and sophisticated as usual. He was Cookie to her, a name he had carried for so long that it appeared to be like a second skin. 
An unthreatening entity with womanly mannerism, that God appeared not to have taken away even after he was transformed by His saving Grace.  Thinking back to when Greg, Brad and Dominic invited him for the brothel visit when they finished their exams, he chuckled. He didn’t go to college like his friends. From as early as he could remember he was taught by his mother on how to sew clothes. By the time he was sixteen he had a steady flow of customers and school didn’t seem that important. His father used to complain to his mother that she had turned him into a girl because of the way she treated him. Though a lot of people were practicing that lifestyle by the time he understood what he was, he knew something was wrong with him when he turned out to like boys instead of girls. For a while he straggled between the two sides. His physical side that proved he was male while his emotions told him a different story. He was filled with guilt and his soul was in torment when he gave in to his urges as a teen. But his praying mother wasn’t willing to take that lying down. 
She was his pillar as he struggled with his sexuality and her prayers finally came to fruition when he saw the light. That wasn’t life but a perversion of the truth, a lie from the pit of hell. Garret ministered to him propelling him to his turning point. Now he had lived eight years, celibate and away from the destructive lifestyle. It was during his early days of conversion when Greg introduced him to his cousin whom he was willing to help in every way of teaching her the ropes and he fell in love with her kind nature. Eight years his senior, to him she seemed vulnerable and worth protecting. Never did he think he would be attracted to her.
Greg had mentioned the appalling way Luc treated her, hence he made sure he was her friend and confidant, even if it meant acting as if he was not attracted to her. She shared her hopes and fears with him. Gulping down wine as he spotted the husband with a woman on his side, he clenched his fingers inwardly into a fist. He turned as he felt someone grab his shoulder and realized it was Greg.
“Are you ok man?” Greg asked and he nonchalantly answered, “Ya, I wonder how she manages to put up with him”
“Soph thinks she will eventually come around,” Greg replied smiling, thinking about his wife who had managed to calm him down.
Agatha was approaching them when Ethan greeted in a high pitched tone. “Agatha darling, how are you?”
Greg rolled his eyes at the theatrics as she came over and kissed the air on both sides of Cookie’s cheeks. It was some minutes before they noticed Nita run off and Agatha excused herself leaving the men as she went to look for her daughter.
“So when will you tell her about your feelings maybe if you do she might finally leave horrible Luc?”
“You know I can’t do that, she is a married woman,” he replied. Greg looked at him with understanding in his eyes.  Ethan was a good friend as well as a good person. Brad had disappeared, the Lord only knew where to, while Dom was still chatting with Sophia. Noticing how concerned his friend appeared; he advised “Go to her”. Ethan was relieved and followed Agatha. He found her huddled with her family in the shed. Her four year old twin daughters, Laura and Lorraine, rushed to him when they saw him. “Uncle Ethan,” they screamed rushing into his arms.  Holding each child by the hand after making them squeal with delight as he tossed each in the air, he walked towards the remainder of the family. To the twins he was Uncle Ethan; he noticed how perceptible the girls were as if they saw beyond his mannerism, while to the rest he was Cookie. “Are you ok?” he asked Agatha and also looked at Nita who still had marks of tears on her face.
“We are fine, thank you” Agatha answered. She felt a bit shy over Cookies concern of her and her family. Ever since Laura and Lorraine could talk, they addressed him as Uncle Ethan and because of that, she started noticing some manly qualities in him and chided herself for that. She thought she had spotted a hint of muscles stretching tautly against his tailor made suit. The girls didn’t like the name Cookie on him. When he smiled, her heart did a flip flop and she was further embarrassed of thinking of him in that way. He was gay. Was she that desperate to the point she was seeing much more in him than what was truly there. Horrible Luc had messed up her mind indeed she thought, as Ethan; no Cookie led her small family to the celebrations.

Chapter 13
The auditors were done and what they had found out was as Greg had suspected.  Some employees had found loopholes in the system and were syphoning money bit by bit. What Luc didn’t realize is that the auditing wasn’t carried out within a month but Greg had secretly hired professional external auditors who came at the pretext of doing other jobs in the company. Ever since he was employed in the organisation he sensed that something was going on which he couldn't pin point. Two months as an HR Executive, he decided to do his own investigation. For six months what had been uncovered was shocking. His cousin’s involvement worsened the situation. He stared at the papers in the file and sighed out of frustration as he wished things could be different. The family was in a celebratory mood after his wedding with Sophie and this was going to put their family in turmoil. He had called an emergency board meeting. Sighing out loud, he stood up from his desk and moved to the conference room where the board members were already waiting for him.  
It’s either Luc was crafty or plain dumb. "Afternoon ladies and gentlemen," he greeted. His grandfather Matthew, had settled at the head, followed by Evelyn his grandmother, Graham his father, Juanita and Caroline, his aunts and two of his uncles, Doug and Daniel all looking formidable. "Shall we begin," he continued. When he started speaking about the inflated salaries for Luc and some of his subordinates he appeared to finally have caught his attention as Luc opened his eyes wide. Luc had hired some employees before Greg was employed in the company. They appeared to be getting allowances and perks that some of the employees in their grade weren't. Cars had been bought for no apparent reason for them; their packages also included business trips in and out of the country. By the time Greg was moving onto the next on how the misappropriation of company resources happened; Luc had stood up and was sweating profusely.
"This can't be true, lies, all lies" he ranted. 
"Lucas Cooper, settle down," his grandfather growled. Luc was suffocating as he felt his clothes constricting him of breathing. He tugged at his tie as it suddenly felt like a noose around his neck. “Greg you have always had it out for me, it’s all a lie," he murmured before he collapsed on the floor. 
****
"Do you think he did it son," his father asked after the meeting ended. It had been briefly interrupted by Lucas’s ranting and collapsing episode. It was nothing serious, hence they continued with the meeting in his absentia.
"From the way he reacted, I doubt he was in on it, I can put my money on the fact that the authorizations he made, he wasn’t aware as he was scooping honey from his then secretary. A lot of the facts lead to her and also she has connections with people hired in the department who happen to have inflated salaries and benefits."
"How much did we lose, was somehow distracted afterwards by your cousins episode?"
"A quarter of a million pa," Greg answered simply. His father looked at him in disbelief. How was it even possible to steal a quarter of a million without raising red flags? Greg answered the question as if his father had spoken it out loud
"Our internal auditors were involved. They were getting paid for keeping quiet. This has been going on for almost two years pa."
"What made you suspect?" his father was impressed by his sons accomplishment. Greg sniggered and remarked, "Remember the Apex Bank scandal"
"Yes I do, Jill Marie Myers copycat." The news was well publicized of a Texas woman who gradually stole 1.25 million over ten years from the First National Bank. They had their very own, a copycat who did the same, Mary Collins a bank teller at the Apex bank. She had managed to steal a hundred thousand dollars over a year before she was caught. She falsified bank records so she could conceal the theft. She was getting a ridiculous amount of money from each account holder, a few mere cents that one wouldn't think about it. "What happened to her? That must have been five years back," Graham asked.
"She served her three year sentence and she was hired by us, that's what happened. She was now calling herself Jasmine Winters. I thought she looked familiar the moment I met her."
"Wonders shall never end," Graham laughed. "Luc failed to see that she was one and the same, wasn’t they any background and reference check carried out before she was hired." It sounded unbelievable that they would employ a person in the same department where she had once committed fraud in.
Greg was laughing as his father spoke, "Luc and pretty ladies, and how many actually do the reference checks nowadays. It’s all about who you know."
Graham was chuckling with his son at that, “It’s not that bad son, I mean our companies are doing quite well and our selection process is water tight"
Greg scoffed at that statement and remarked, "Thus says the man whose relatives are swarming in the company". His father hit him at the back for saying that before he stated, "Let’s go and check on your cousin," he whistled before he continued, "Caroline wasn’t impressed at all. She looked like she would disown him on the spot. And to think he complained that we favored you and he was the best candidate for the CEO position, huh. He failed to see what was going on beneath his very nose." he scoffed.
***
"How is your cousin doing?" Sophie asked as she came out from the bathroom after brushing her teeth. She was dressed in a loose fitting cotton nightie which made Greg roll his eyes.
"He is getting there and love can't you wear something sexy to bed". Sophie giggled. "Greg I am huge with a child, how do you make sexy out of this. I dress for comfort, will do sexy once Junior is in our arms". He pulled his wife and kissed her before he asked,  “How was your day?"
"It was great, had a chat with Susan. She is fine"
"I still can’t believe that Madame is your aunt" Greg spoke, still in shock.
Neither do I sweetie" she remarked thinking back to the events that happened after she left Greg.
***
5 months ago
Sophie was feeling restless as she lay in bed. She had spoken to Greg and she already missed him. She hoped one day he would forgive her for what she was about to do. She got up from bed, after tossing and turning and realizing that no sleep was coming her way. She packed her clothes and penned out a note. All she wished for was for Greg to find a person worthy of him. One who didn’t have a history that might hinder him from achieving his goals in life? Tears where trickling down as she wrote that she needed her freedom and he was holding her back. She was carrying light. Leaving the car keys in the drawer and placing the envelope with the note and ring in it on the dresser, she shut the door and left. 
Every step she took tore at her heart. This was the best she could come up with. She was the first client to be attended to at the bank since she arrived at exactly the time it opened.  Such a huge amount couldn’t be transferred from her phone. They were no questions raised as she might have expected. After the transaction was made, she phoned her aunt, who confirmed that she had received it. At the bus terminus she bought a ticket and left for her aunt’s place as what she wanted to say, required her to say it in person. In no way would she allow her aunt to black mail Greg and make his life miserable. 
"You did it Sophie girl," her aunt smirked when she saw her on her doorstep. “What brings you here girly, we are good and I will not bring up your past to anyone." she sneered, still hating the sight of her niece. 
Sophie followed her aunt into the living room and sat on the couch, feeling dejected. She wondered if her aunt ever loved her at all. She stared at her aunt who was glossing over the money now in her bank account and without regret on the turmoil she might have caused in her nieces life, she finally spoke, "I wanted to inform you that along with that money, I left Greg. So whatever you expose will not make such a great impact in his life or his family.”
“You are a fool, if you left him girly,” her aunt snarled. “How will you take care of yourself now, as you know, you are not welcome here.”
Sophie snorted and replied, “Why should you care for my welfare all of a sudden. What I do with my life is my business.” She got up from the couch and advised, “If you try to blackmail Greg I will talk aunt and you will not like it, especially when the world gets to know the monsters you and your husband are. Goodbye aunt," she spoke, devoid of emotion and walked out of the house before her aunt would protest. 
She had hired a cab when she arrived hence she told the driver where to go next. He merely raised his brows and continued to drive there. 
A lot of changes had been made. She took note of the fact that the wall now shrouded the house. The gate slid open to the mansion and the driver drove in. Paying him his fare, Sophie walked towards the door and knocked on the huge knocker. Pamela answered and looked surprised as she saw her. 
"Is Madame around" Sophie asked and Pamela ushered her into the house.
"Didn’t expect you to come back to this place,” she remarked curiously looking at her. Noting the expensive clothes, she wondered if the young lady had come to gloat about her new life. 
"She is in her usual spot," Pamela answered as she sauntered back to her room, she needed to rest.
Sophie walked towards Madams’ office, apprehensive of how she would react if she saw her. The last time they shared any deep thoughts was the day when Greg took her from the brothel. She had kept in contact with her throughout and updated her on what was taking place. Madame was happy over Greg marrying her. She knocked and got in.
"Sophie,” Madame gasped before she slumped on the chair, dejected and cradled her face.
Sophie rushed to madam as she hadn’t expected her to react in such a manner. 
"Why did you come back" is all that she kept on saying. Later on she told her the truth.
***
“My father was overbearing and abusive towards my mother and us. We used to think it was normal since in the hood we stayed in, it was quite a normal occurrence to hear that this neighbor beat up his wife or that other one made her sleep outside the house.” Madame chuckled when she thought about her past, before she continued. “It was almost like there was a duty roster of some sort. On Monday the first house will be having women and children screaming, Tuesday next house, Wednesday ours and so on. When I turned thirteen, I ran away from home and landed with the wrong crowd. My mother was pregnant at that time. She knew where to find me and she would beg that I come back home. I felt safer in the streets as compared to being at home and since she wanted to stay in that toxic environment, I couldn’t go back.”
“I had rented a room with a friend and we did all sorts of things to put food on the table and a roof over our head. Lois used to cry every time when she came to visit, that ever since I left she felt alienated. Mom loved the baby more than her and I would comfort her and say she loved us the same. By the time Lois was thirteen and I was eighteen, she tried to run away but I sent her back since she came to me for help. I couldn’t let her live the life I was living. I wish I hadn’t because she witnessed something she wasn’t meant to. At that time Lisa was four years old. Lois looked more like dad and I took after my mom, but Lisa was different. She was tall for her age and was a natural beauty. Dad suspected that mom had cheated on him. It really bothered him every time he caught a glimpse of her to the point his drinking habits increased.  One day, he came home drunk and this time when he beat her, she never woke up from where she was laying. Lois and Lisa were hiding in the closet when it took place. They didn’t see the gruesome scene but they heard the shouts and screams as he accused her of being a whore. Somehow dad managed to go scot free and what happened was ruled as an accident. That was when I went back home. He never bothered over their welfare, all he knew was to drink and cater to his own needs. He at times would state that we were not his children. I continued with my profession and the money I earned from the men I met, is what sustained us. It was when Lisa was thirteen that dad suggested that I make her into a whore like her mother, the apple didn’t fall far from the tree as I was living proof of that. The nerve of the man, he knew all along what I was doing. Something just snapped in me.” As madam explained she poked at her head as if indeed she had a loose screw that didn’t want to get into place. She looked distant, lost; relieving the horror she went through.
“I was so hurt, infuriated over everything. A father is meant to love and protect his children; instead he deprived us of a mother and abused us. Since he used to drink a lot, whatever I might put in his drink would not be detected. So I purposed in my heart to get him out of our lives. I slowly poisoned him every time he drank.”
Sophie was holding in her breath when madam was speaking. “He died a month later and was buried alongside mothers’ grave. At that time, a few of my clients were influential and paid me much more than I had received when I started, with the money I got, I made sure Lois and Lisa received the best education. None of them would live the way I had lived.  Our father had been the dark cloud hovering over us and with his death things would change. Never did I notice the animosity that Lois had over Lisa. She was of the same opinion as dad, that Lisa wasn’t our fathers’ daughter and she found proof of that. A suitcase that had been stowed away in the bushes of our backyard. Lois loathed Lisa more because mom had loved her more than she ever did us. Our mother who stayed regardless of the abuse was ready to leave our father and had packed her bag with Lisa’s clothes in them so she could escape and give Lisa a good future. She was willing to leave Lois behind with her father. Somehow I managed to keep the peace in the home but that wasn’t enough. The last straw came when Lisa was seventeen and she fell in love with the same man that Lois was attracted to. He worked in the same company with Lois and used to drop her off after work. When he spotted Lisa, it was love at first sight. He married her when she turned eighteen and they had you. Three years down the line they died and the cops found that the brakes to their car had been tampered with. I confronted Lois over it and she denied but swore she would expose me, in that I was the one behind our father’s death.  If I wanted the truth hidden, I would stop asking questions, move as far away as I could and she would take care of you. That gave me a hint that she was covering something. She was seeing someone by that time. I later found out that an accident happened in his house. His wife died while turning on the gas stove. So I suspected that they were in cahoots and they helped each other in getting rid of their foes. I don’t think Lois anticipated that your father would travel with your mother in the same car. They usually used different cars. But that day I guess they decided to use one car and that’s how they both died.” 
“With the threat of exposure hanging on my head, I left you with them. I reasoned in my sick mind that Lois would take care of you, since you reminded her of the man she once loved and also because she felt guilty for killing him, in the process when she wanted to get rid of her young sister. What kind of life would I have given you also? My lifestyle didn’t allow for me to be having a child underfoot. So I did what she asked. The first time she called me, after such a long time was when she threw you out of the house. She had a condition. Either I make you into what I was, or your life would forever be in danger. I don’t know what she is capable of, but Lois is dangerous. That’s why when Greg came back into your life, I took the opportunity and sent him to you that night. I knew that if he cared deeply for you as you did, he would protect you. I couldn’t give you the protection you needed because Lois held the key and proof that I murdered our father. My hands were tied. Lois was angry when she found out what I had done, but somehow Greg must have said something to her when they met, which made her afraid of him.”
Sophie remembered the church incidence and how Lois didn’t make a scene. Could Greg have been protecting her for much longer than she realized with her aunt? Sophie was crying by the time Susan finished her story. All this time she thought Lois was her only relation and now she was discovering that madam S was her aunt. “I am really sorry love for what I put you through. I never intended for you to be like me in any way, but it was the only way I knew on how to protect you.  Even if I had sent you further away to another country, there is no guarantee that you would be safe from Lois.” “It’s ok aunt, you did the best that you could.” Sophie softly said and hugged the old woman. “Aunt” she giggled. “You don’t know how long I have waited for you to call me that.” She cradled Sophie’s face and wiped off her tears before she whispered. “You look so much like your mother.” Her expression changed, “Lois is still a danger to you. Especially now, go back to your husband honey.” She implored. “I don’t think she will bother me. I have nothing of value to offer” Sophie retorted adamantly. She wouldn’t allow her aunt to destroy the things that her husband had worked for. When she thought back to the conversation she had with her aunt. Sophie now understood why Madame had prized her highly almost to the point she entertained a few men as compared to the rest. She was protecting her so she could have a number she wouldn’t be ashamed of. Greg also mentioned that some women for the fun of it, slept with more men than anyone could ever imagine. Lois intent was to destroy her sex life to the point she would never be able to enjoy a fulfilling relationship with one man. She pieced all the pieces together on why she commented about her sex life with Greg. If it were possible, she knew Lois would have loved it if she died of an incurable disease. She was careful in her dealings with the men and took the extra precaution. She sighed deeply. She would bake and earn her keep that way, before she moved out and settled somewhere else were she would raise her child. She couldn’t afford to think about Greg as she feared putting him in much more danger than she ever thought possible.

Chapter 14
Present day.
Agatha got into the hospital carrying a bunch of flowers and an envelope for her dear husband. She was wearing a one arm red dress that highlighted her slender body and hinted at her thighs, she felt good about herself. She didn’t spare any expense to make herself look and feel good. She had been at the salon and was pampered beyond what she could imagine. She walked into the private ward and Luc was startled to see her. She was so good at sewing clothes for others that she never paid attention to her own appearance.  She got some pointers from Sophie and was surprised when she tried on one of her creations on how well she looked. Sophie had become a good friend to her all because of Greg. Chuckling at that, she imagined Sophie at the photo shoot with her pregnancy. She was glowing and the cameras managed to capture that. The expectant mother had become a model for her posters for the maternity section of her boutiques.
"Aggy, didn't expect you to drop by so soon," her husband sneered.  Ever since he had been admitted at the hospital after his incidence in the boardroom, she was nowhere in sight. She rolled her eyes, how she hated it when he called her that. "So did I Luc, but this couldn't wait" she replied handing him the envelope after placing the flowers on the table.
"What is this?" he asked as the papers slid easily from the envelope. He stared at them in shock and his wife who looked different to him; he hadn't realized how beautiful she was. The transformation surprised him. She had even cut her hair into a funky hairstyle. Was the woman trying to compete with their teenage daughters, she was too old for that.  
"Divorce papers, am finally giving you what you have always wanted" she spoke, taking note of how unexpected this all was to him.
"You can't be serious Aggy I am not going to sign". He barked while she merely shrugged her shoulders and stated, “The courts will not even care about that, since your unfaithfulness is the most talked about, so whether you sign or you don't, it will not make a difference".
"You are making a mistake woman, you will not get any cent from me" he retorted. She sweetly smiled and replied. "No, the mistake I made was stay with you for all these years Luc."  She snorted in an unladylike manner and did not care, “As for money, news flash, when you were between the sheets of different women, I built a business for myself and my children. In case you didn't notice dear husband, I am quite well-known, thanks to my hard work, your good family name and the support from those who care for me. I will leave you to rest, aw" she sympathized shaking her head, "Heard the next months are going to be tough as you try to prove your innocence. Maybe the jail clothes will suit you better than your suits" she smirked before leaving the ward. She could hear things crushing in the ward as she walked away.  Lucas was speechless as this was the first time that his docile wife ever voiced out her opinions. He watched her as she smirked and glided out of his room and was left with the blasted papers in hand. He furiously threw them at the floor, including her flowers and glass which was at his bedside. As she got out of the hospital, she breathed in the fresh air. Her car was back. The door slid open and Sophie smiled. The driver had gone back for Sophie after dropping her off.
"How did it go" Sophie asked concerned as Agatha slid into the car. "Surprisingly well," she replied. Sophie took her hands that were still shaking. She couldn't believe she had done that, walked away from a seventeen year old marriage. 
"Greg’s first love, you are a strong woman," Sophie commented eliciting a nervous chuckle from her. "I don't feel that way"
"It takes time to heal" Sophie huskily said as the car moved to the restaurant where they would have their celebratory lunch.
"Greg’s first love, hmm, did your husband tell you that" she giggled. Sophie laughed as she thought about it. "It was the time he bought a mobile phone for me. He said it was a birthday gift. I didn't trust that, as me and my friends had spoken pertaining to that prior. That man wanted something in return. They just didn't buy expensive gifts for school girls. At that time my friends were already on my case over the varsity good-looking man who was always hanging around me. When I refused, he told me that he looked at me as his young sister. He pulled out of his wallet a passport sized photo of an elegant woman and told me about her. Beautiful Agatha the love of his life, who was sophisticated, charming, mature and his type of woman. Not at all a young inexperienced girl like me, how could I compete with that?” Agatha was laughing as she listened to the story. “You should have seen how green with envy I was" Sophie retorted. “I wasn’t aware at the time that Agatha was ten years older than him and married to his cousin brother.”
"Greg was always biased when it came to me, am happy he found someone who loves and cares for him the way you do" Agatha stated, squeezing Sophie's hand.
"Let's get this party started, enough of the sob stories" she yelled startling Sophie at how her voice could become loud. Laughing they got out of the car and met up with Marg who was already waiting for them. The three ladies were more like sisters in their bond and it didn’t matter that one had left the family. She was family and would always be that to them. 
****
Her parents were good at keeping up appearances. Living above what they could afford. They had sent her to private schools where she felt out of place by the way she talked and dressed. She would have preferred to be at a public school. But no, her parents wanted the best for their angel. 
She tried to change herself so she could fit in. She was the same age with Luc and they were in the same class from kindergarten to high school. In all that time, he never noticed her. Why would he. She was shy, he was outgoing, she had no friends, and he had plenty of friends, isolated, social. They were just the opposites. He was also cool and unapproachable to those he didn’t consider as equals. As they grew older, she noticed he was somewhat of a bad boy, had a reputation to boot. He had been in and out of the principals’ office more than she could ever count.
A shy girl who used to wear huge reading glasses, never did she expect when she turned seventeen that Luc would notice her. He was kind and charming. He wanted to change and she brought out the best in him. At that time when he said that, she adored him and was flattered over his attention, imagining being this savior who could help him turn his life around. Now she knew much better as she had learnt through her experience that there was only one savior and she wasn’t him. They are a lot of times she wished she had run with her life then, when he came up with those lines. At that time her parents goaded her on, especially when he did the honorable thing and officially asked from the parents to date her. They were thrilled and eating right out of the palm of his hands. The grandson of Matthew Henderson paying them a visit in their humble house was just too much of an honor. By the time they finished high school it was set, they were to be married. It was rather common in the Henderson family to get married at that age, so all parties where excited over that prospect of doing things above board.  She loved Luc and he loved her. The bad boy had finally found a woman to make him settle down and have a family. She had a huge wedding and her parents were happy she was in such a family. Though at first her mother would have wished it was Garrett or one of the male children from the Henderson clan. Luc was not a Henderson but his mother was. Nevertheless they accepted him.
When she thought back to all of it, she felt a deep sadness at the same time joy. Joy for the happiness she once experienced and sadness for the lost years of catering to the needs of one who did not value her. It was while she was pregnant with their first child that she caught Luc with a woman. Heavy with child, at seven months and he was already between the sheets with another woman. Not caring for her and the risk to their baby. When she told her mother, her advice was that men were like that. “They are like babies Aggy” she softly said, “They can’t be satisfied with one woman and as their wives we just clean up their messes. They eventually come around.” She was meant to be patient, overlook such offences. She listened and paid heed to the advice. Her solaces were her kids as she gave birth to them yearly until the doctor put a stop to it. She was slowly killing her body by not letting it rest. She had three children in four years, all girls to Luc’s disappointment. In ten years she had six children. Her marriage didn’t appear to be a marriage at all as Luc continued with his philandering ways. He blamed her, because every time they came as husband and wife, a child would pop up. 
He was tired of the noisy kids running around everywhere. At twenty eight she was tired of life. Sending the children off to their grandparents over the weekend, she went out. A new jazz club had been opened in town, by one of Lucas’s cousins. He had recently finished high school, when he had turned eighteen; money from his trust fund came through. She couldn’t believe it when she saw Greg. He was different in every way from Luc. Tall, muscular, handsome and his charm clung to him like a second skin, never feigned like her husbands'. She attributed his good body to the farm life that he had been brought up in. The strenuous work had made him develop into an attractive male specimen ready for eating. The place was packed, but she knew her husband wouldn’t see her there, as he appeared to be jealous of his young cousin. 
It was a good establishment and no naughty business happening. It was just a place for families to relax and listen to soulful music of up and coming artists. How he had managed to pull it off she wondered and admired him. She guessed that, the stories which she heard might be true, that Greg was Paw paws favorite and he would sit on his lap as a baby while he handled his businesses. That as a young boy Greg had attended a lot of meetings with his grandfather as if being groomed to take over his empire. While his friends went to Varsity, he was opening a club.
She was gulping down alcohol as if it was water and Greg was looking at her disapprovingly as he watched her drink. She was out for fun. If she couldn’t stop her husband, then it was high time she joined him in his game. She must have met a man, because as they went out, Greg took her from him. With his menacing figure, the man cringed and left fearing for his skin.
"Let me take you home" he muttered as he opened the door to his car.
"No need young brother in law" she giggled slurring at her words. "I can take care of myself, Agatha is a big girl"
"Uhhuh" was all he said before opening the door for her. He smelled good, he had removed his jacket and she felt like drooling. Getting into the car, he drove her to her house and carried her from the car to her doorstep. He asked for her keys, unlocked and opened the door. Agatha could not believe the strength coursing through him. She had always been slender but in this case Greg was like Tarzan to her, with his well sculptured body. Though ten years her junior, Greg carried her lightly as if she was a small girl. He made her lie on the couch, and asked concern evident in his voice, "Are you ok?" He seemed so concerned and was leaning towards her as he asked. Her husband didn’t look at her in that manner. He usually scowled, mocked or grimaced. Those were his natural expressions where she was concerned. As if he thought her daft and she didn’t have a mind to think on her own. She knew she would regret this, but for the mean time looking at his handsome face and with all her inhibitions gone, she took that hand that was brushing her forehead and lightly kissed it. "I am fine now”, she answered and pulled his head before kissing him. Greg responded and pulled her up as she sat astride him on the couch. For a young man of eighteen he sure could make her putty in his hands. His kisses were enticingly sweet, the boy could surely kiss. She partly opened the buttons of his shirt and ran her hands over his strong arms. She abruptly got off from him and left for the loo where she puked. 
"Are you ok?" he asked as he leaned on the door to her loo. He looked so at home and handsome. He had rolled up his black shirt and his partly open buttons revealed his well-toned chest. His blue jeans snugly fit him as if a second skin. He was oozing male virility and seeing that, she turned to puke further. What had she almost done? He was her cousin. Luc’s but nevertheless, he was like a young brother. 
"Thanks for dropping me off, I am good," she spoke before puking again and motioning with her hands for him to leave, too embarrassed to face him.
"Are you sure" he asked. Looking at him as he smirked reminding her of her husband she implored with her eyes for him to leave, before turning to puke further. That hurt. She heard the sound of the door closing. Getting up from the floor, she rinsed her mouth and sprinkled water on her face, went to the bedroom and put on her nightie. It was some minutes later when she was yanked forcefully out of bed by an angry husband and received a tight slap on her face. 
"Are you sleeping with my cousin now, hmmm" he shouted. He was furious. He had decided to check out the Jazz club and while he was in the car, getting it on with a temp, he spotted his wife walking with his cousin to the car. The way they stood at the door looked intimate. Especially when Greg leaned in close to her and opened the door before he moved to his side. He couldn’t see their expressions because of where he was, but the exchange between the two he witnessed, made him conclude that they were up to no good. Jealousy consumed him. He literally yelled at the temp to get out of the car before driving and following the couple. He lost them along the way and decided to go home where he spotted Greg’s car driving off.
"Nothing happened, he just brought me home," she trembled out of fear but he wasn’t listening.
The next day Greg dropped by to check on her and didn’t flinch when he noticed the bruises. He merely chatted over other things and spent the day entertaining her, having told her not to be ashamed or worried about the events of the previous night. They were both drunk, she doubted that about him, yet figured out that he didn’t want her to feel ashamed in anyway. Besides she was a beautiful woman, he couldn’t resist. He also dropped in a bit of advice which she appreciated and which surprised her at the same time, making her take note that he had grown up from the boy he used to be. “You know what cuz; I realize you are going through some challenges in your marriage. Just because Luc is a jerk, doesn’t necessarily mean you should act like him. Let him be that and continue being the sweet girl you are. At the end, you will realize that trying to compete and outdo his behaviour is not worth it”. Her husband came back earlier. She still had to collect the children from the grandparents but she didn’t want them to see her in that state. She hastily got up when her husband finished greeting Greg and left the two men, literally running away from the explosion surely to happen. She was shocked when she heard a grunt. When she turned she saw her husband lying on the ground and an angry Greg towering above him.
"You bloody broke my nose" he yelled and yelped when he saw him advance towards him again. She almost laughed at the scene but went to her husband’s rescue fearing he might lose more than just his broken nose.
"No Greg" she rushed to her husband. He was panting and furious as her husband recoiled. She recognized that Luc was a coward who preyed on the weak like her. How could he be scared of his eighteen year old cousin at his age? Greg was her champion and her husband never laid a finger upon her from that day forth. Such began their friendship.  He made her see beyond living for her family. He introduced her to Cookie a man with girlish mannerisms, who could sew just anything without breaking a sweat. As time went on she learnt how to sew, design and Greg invested in her new venture. Her children and work consumed her. From working from home to finally having a boutique followed by another in the years she was with her husband. Going to varsity was somewhat of a formality to Greg as it was two years after he had opened the Jazz club. As a parting gift before he went to varsity, he surprised her with the shop and they formalized it by paper and ink as he officially became her business partner. That’s how Eclectic came into being. She knew also in the two years he had overseen an opening of some of his cousins’ small diners. Greg always prided himself in seeing potential in people and it always paid off.
Now at thirty five she had made a name for herself, all thanks to a young man who saw much more than anyone did. The day when he called and asked for a favour to sew clothes for a certain lady, she was more than willing. She had stopped doing that but let her tailors do the sewing as she concentrated on designing the children’s clothing line. Unknown to Sophie the clothes she would get from the boutique were exclusively made for her. Greg showed her a pic of Sophie and told her that she would eventually meet her. She was grateful for his friendship above everything as he stood by her when her marriage went through all the commotion. 
Elsie her eldest, at thirteen, had run away from home, got pregnant and aborted in that order. Greg had been there while the father exchanged women like clothes. The story never got out in the papers, though they couldn’t avoid the car crush one as she was a minor and was caught in possession of illegal substances.  Her other children appeared to have not gone to such extremes nevertheless she worried. The last straw was when Luc came with his mistress for the party then the wedding. Nita her second born who had always been daddy’s girl ran off from the wedding weeping. "Mummy how could dad be so heartless. Doesn’t he care for us at all," she had asked crying. 
"He does care honey,” she shrugged her shoulders, failing to explain her husband’s behaviour to her. “He is just broken," that’s all she could muster as an explanation and hug her. Her other daughters came in and found them in the shed. They had huddled up, finding comfort in each other as everyone else enjoyed the wedding.  She realized then, that staying with Luc for their daughters’ sake wasn’t worth it. Instead she was destroying them and their esteem and making them think men were meant to act in that manner. Greg had once asked her that question on if it was all worth it? Finally she understood it wasn't. 
She looked at Marg who had hired a private room for them and chuckled. Marg loved spending money; she could organize a party for two but have the whole venue for that. It wasn’t a surprise that she had organized a wedding for Greg. To which the family was still on her case and Garrets, but they had taken it in their stride as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened.  Agatha sent a simple wedding gown during the night for that occasion as Greg claimed it was an emergency. The bride never wore it, but she did wear the maternity one for her introduction and wedding, the Henderson way. 
During her marriage, Agatha developed a friendship with Margaret. Pastor Garret was at the fore front in her children’s reformation as he involved them in activities that would build them up and not go astray the way Elsie had. Eventually Elsie came around and at sixteen she looked happy and content like any other normal sixteen year old. Agatha had nearly chocked when she told her about a boy she fancied.  Marg always the good spot remarked, “Don’t be angry and argumentative with her. Advise her and put yourself in her shoes. You were once sixteen. What do you think you would tell your sixteen year old self if you had the chance? That was easy. Don’t go for the bad boys, they are too broken, beyond repair.  She giggled at that thought and managed to get Elsie into group dating so she could see how her beau acted among the others and also she could meet other boys and girls her age. 
Sophie was dancing effortlessly with her huge bulk. Did she just do a split? Marg hollered as she looked aghast at the crazy pregnant woman. Sophie was fifteen years her junior, yet she appeared to understand her more. In the two months she had come to know her, she saw also a woman who experienced her own share of sorrow. She and Greg were perfect for each other as both appeared to care deeply for each other and for those around them. 
Agatha hoped Sophie’s water wouldn’t break by the way she was moving, crazy girl. Lucas might have failed her, but he had introduced her to a family circle that would remain with her for always. Her mother in law loved her and his family adored her. Some were even relieved when she announced that she was leaving Luc. They were that kind of family that acknowledged its fault and didn’t blame the other parties for their actions. She marveled at the fact that Greg still stood by his cousin, wanting to prove him innocent to the syphoning scandal. He had remarked, “The only thing that Luc can be accused of, is being blinded and signing deals without reading. Serves him right though, for not being content with what he had".
“Girlfriend, how could you start the party without me?” Cookie screeched as he came into the room. Sophie had stopped her antics and didn’t look at all like the seductress who had been performing acrobatic stunts just a while ago. She was demure. Giggling at that she looked at Marg who winked and said, “It can’t be that much of a party if we are three”
“Oooh Cookie, I wouldn’t dare do that,” Agatha feigned horror as she kissed him on each cheek. Greg came in followed by Garret and some lady friends she had made including some close family members. She was amazed at their support in all this. The room suddenly seemed full as she laughed and joked around. Guess the divorce parties were becoming the in thing.  Spotting Sophie with Greg as they only had eyes for each other, those two needed a room. Not you Marg also, she thought as she spotted her grinning from ear to ear as the pastor whispered something in her ear. Huffing and walking over to her two best friends, she pulled them both from their partners to the dance floor. This party after all was for her.

Chapter 15
Sophie woke up feeling a slight discomfort. She nudged her amorous husband, who kissed her thoroughly making her forget for a while the reason why she woke him up, until the next wave of pain hit her. "Greg love, I think it’s time," she mumbled.
Greg scrambled from the bed all panicky. "Relax," she reassured him as he was acting as if it was him in pain instead of her. She had already packed her bag, instructing him on where to get it from, he rushed to the nursery. 
"I will walk stop babying me,” she ground out as he tried to carry her. Walking made her feel better. She was happy that they had travelled back to town, she wasn’t willing to give birth at the farm and Greg understood her concerns. "How are you feeling sweetie?" Greg asked as Sophie giggled. He looked worried, he would swoon if she didn’t take things lightly and she would end up not having a driver to take her to the hospital. She slid into the car and answered using his endearment, "Good sweetie."
She alerted her family and friends over the phone. The nurse was shocked when they arrived at the hospital because she was fully dilated.  Agatha arrived an hour later to find her holding her bouncing baby boy and a happy father grinning over his family. "That fast huh, thought I would see and hear you yell some obscenities on Greg," she quipped. "Ha, ha, you really would like that." Greg retorted, as he took his baby boy from the mother. He had nearly swooned when Sophie clutched at his arm. The woman had a strong grip. He was still recovering from the pain. Cooing at baby Alexander he handed him to Agatha who became emotional. 
"Any chance will be expecting your seventh child soon," Greg asked, pasting an innocent expression on his face. She snorted, "Not anytime soon sweetie, I need a man for that."
"It’s good to hear that, they are actually a lot of men who have been approaching me lately who would like to take you out, so if you are ok with it, I will give them your number," Greg smirked. She rolled her eyes at Greg. Moving on wasn’t going to be that easy for her, and her cousin expected her to do that in just a month. "Tell them this hen is not ready for some action, she is taking a break."
"Stop talking about action or no action" Sophie yelled at the two people she loved who were goofing around when her body was in pain, as she had a few stitches from giving birth. "For a while I will not be having that and I don’t even want to think about what that is". 
"Aww sorry love," Agatha comforted and whispered to Greg. "Tell one of the men that you think is a good match to give me a call". Sophie laughed at their antics and felt happy over having such a family.
The noisy bunch arrived the next day and Sophie was shocked that they were not chased away. She was in the private wing hence they were not disturbing anyone apart from her. Everyone wanted to hold the baby, the gifts were many as if she never had a baby shower, which she did and the nursery was witness to that. Paw paw, Granny, Greg’s parents were at the forefront of being noisy and cooing over baby Alexander. She would be leaving for the farm with them. Her mother in law was adamant of her staying in town. She was meant to be taught on how to take care of the baby. She and Greg had read some books but they both shrugged their shoulders and humored the family as it became apparent that they would not have peace.
***
2 months later
The family was gathered around in the study, Greg’s grandparents, father and the two brothers. “So when is the article coming out?” Evelyn asked as she looked at her two grandchildren who were about to face a huge trial. Their blackmailer appeared to like toying with their minds and now had sent disturbing photos and an article stating when the news would come out.
“In three days’ time”, Greg gruffly answered. He didn’t want to look at his father and could feel his disapproving gaze on him. Never did he think things would get this out of hand. His family members got the gist of the matter after he and Garret described the embarrassing images.  He always thought Madame’s establishment had tight security and no information would leak out. He was wrong as it was now apparent that photos had leaked out, of his one night with Sophie and were now in the wrong hands.  Paw paw scoffed and advised, “It’s never ideal to negotiate with blackmailers, the only chance you have at curbing this whole thing is to come clean.”
“Will admitting not destroy the things we have been trying to do in the community” Garret asked. He knew that people could be brutal. They were members in his church who were still babies in the faith; hence if they found out that history about him, they would lose courage and leave the ministry. He sighed as he paced around the huge study room. He had tried by all means to live the way God required of him. Had always done things above board, now his history was being brought out to the whole world to sweep away everything he had worked for. He was grateful to Marg for her support in all this. She was one of the few people who knew that he once practiced the homosexual lifestyle. 
How it happened, he didn’t realize until it was further away in his teenage hood. He was molested by a close relative at the age of nine. He didn’t understand what was happening and felt shame over the whole situation as the relative managed to play around and manipulate his young mind from telling the elders. One day while he was playing hide and seek with his little brother, the relative approached him as usual. It was during dinner when an innocent three year old Greg falteringly asked on what Uncle Robert was doing to Garrett. His speech was not yet perfect so it took time for the parents to understand what he was saying and the gestures he did to the horrified Robert. That’s how the parents found out, on what was happening under their roof. Graham nearly killed his young brother. All they could do was get him arrested so he wouldn’t do that to anyone ever again. His name was never mentioned in the family, Garret was taken for counseling, but whatever had taken place made an impact as in his teenage years he dated boys secretly.  Now someone was out not only to expose Greg but also expose him.
When his father caught him with one of his friends, he was shocked and for a second didn’t know how to react to the situation. It was always easier for Graham to counsel youths but when the situation affected his home, he found out the hard way that it wasn’t easy at all. Nevertheless he still trusted in God and had faith that Garret would turn out well. Through prayers and support of the family members, Garret was delivered from the lying spirit and learnt to live the way God had designed him to.  He became a junior pastor mostly working with the youths. When he turned twenty one, his mother introduced him to a daughter of a friend and they hit it off instantly.  He told her about what he had been through and she accepted him, history and all. A year later they got married. 
The day his father resigned as the minister and passed the torch to him was monumental. He felt unworthy of taking the post. At twenty eight, he had been happily married for six years and had a child on the way. Now thirty one, eleven years in ministry someone out there was out to reveal the history that had long been forgotten. He exhaled noisily and continued to pace around in the study. “What your grandfather is saying is that you should own the story. Instead of waiting for this demented person to speak out. You should do so first before he or she does, hence you have the upper hand in your narration,” Evelyn said. Matthew looked appreciatively at her and smiled as they always managed to think alike. It wasn’t that way when they first got married. Greg was still failing to look at his father. Garrets problem wasn’t like his in anyway. 
Whereas his big brother could justify his action, he on the other hand couldn’t. He felt a hand on his shoulder, and when he turned it was his old man with understanding in his eyes. “I am not disappointed in you son”, he whispered. “Just shocked at the news but at the end you made things right. I and your mother love your wife; she is good for you and the family as well”. “Thanks pa” Greg managed to choke out as he was overcome with emotions. Evelyn stood up from her seat and stated, “I will leave you gentlemen to talk, remember to set up for the interview as soon as possible.” She advised and left the study. 
As she walked towards Greg’s bedroom, she could hear Sophie talking to Alex. The baby was barely two months old and the mother was already talking to him as an adult. “You are such a naughty boy,” Sophie cooed as she shifted him to the other boob. She could swear he was biting her nipples with his gums instead of suckling milk. “What has my great grandson done?” Eve asked as she sat on the chair. “Granny are you sure breastfeeding is meant to be this painful?” Sophie asked instead, eliciting a chuckle from Eve. “Ooh that’s what he has done.” Sophie removed him when she noted he wasn’t suckling anymore, wrapped him up and handed him to his great grandmother. Why she even wanted to do everything naturally she wondered. 
“Sophie my girl, I need to talk to you about something that is rather important.” Sophie looked at her grandmother concern evident in her expressive eyes. She suddenly felt parched and took a glass of water that was near her bedside. Evelyn looked grave and Sophie hoped to God what she was about to disclose wasn’t dire news. Eve heaved a sigh and continued, “It’s about your life at the brothel. Some photos of you and Greg have leaked out and might be seen by everyone in a day or so.” Sophie was in the process of drinking water and when Eve said that, the glass dropped from her hand without her noticing it. She was in a daze for a few seconds before she realized she was no longer holding anything in her hand and knelt down to pick at the broken pieces on the floor. Those broken pieces felt like her life. 
“I am sorry” she said, flustered as she scrambled to pick the pieces of glass. Eve had noted that Alex had fallen asleep in her arms, so she stood up and laid him on the bed, before hugging the hysterical mother who had managed to cut herself while picking the shards of glass. “Leave it,” she advised and pulled her up to sit on the bed. “I am so sorry” Sophie kept on saying. She had always known that one day people would find out about that. Never did she think it would be that soon. “It’s ok,” Eve crooned, “There is no need for you to be sorry.  We knew that this would come out one day. Look you have cut your hands,” she remarked as she took some tissue and dabbed Sophie’s hands to stem the flow of blood. “Hush,” she comforted and settled down with her on the bed. “It’s going to be ok; I promised you that, did I not.” Eve remarked looking at Sophie. She helped her to the bathroom where she washed her hands and wrapped them up in towels. “Give me a second, I will be back.” 
When she came back, she handed a diary with old newspaper clippings to Sophie. She flipped them for her and let her read the articles about scandals committed by different members of their family, including the sweet grandmother who was smiling at her amazed expression. “My point in showing you this is not to gloss over these matters nor disregard them, but I want you to realize my dear girl that what you do now and how you finish is what matters. Look at how far you have come and be grateful for that. The reason why people might lash out, try to destroy what you have, is because they envy you. They wish they could be strong like you, share the love that you and Greg have for each other. So instead of living their lives they just want to make you miserable as they are, don’t allow them. Always hold your head up, walk with pride because at the end you are God's beloved and nothing can take away that fact. Every one of us has messed up so we have no right to judge at all, and the ones who will do so to you are fools."
"Aww granny," she muttered hugging her. The old lady stated, "There is always hope for a change. It might not be evident at times but subtle in the way it comes. I believe God's hand is always behind that. Like a restoration in ones integrity by another". Sophie understood what granny was saying as she had experienced that in her sex life. Bit by bit what she felt faded, she couldn't remember the faces and she could swear her sex life was better as she didn’t have the bad memories to take away her present. As if when Greg took her as his wife, she was restored to how she was meant to be. "So let the scoffers scoff, but you, just live your life the best way you can, God guiding you". Sophie understood Greg's admiration for his grandparents; they had been forged by the fire and came out smelling sweet. They left the judgment for the Lord and never looked at people the way others viewed them but the way Jesus would. Greg had that also, as he used to chide her before when she thought the worst about herself. Talking to Eve made her also take a decision towards whoever was out to destroy her life. She would not hold a grudge against them. Whatever resentment she felt, she was letting it go. Fear had bound her before when she had thought about her past coming into the light. She imagined being ostracized, Greg losing everything he held dear. Never did she see his family and friends supporting him throughout.
“So chin up baby girl. You and Greg should present a united front to the world, and stop crying over spilt milk” she advised.
***
Greg got up from the chair after the discussion. He was leaving for madams’ place to check on the security breach. “Sophie honey,” he called dashing into their bedroom. “I have to leave for a while. I will be back by tomorrow” he advised. She was standing looking outside. “Soph”, he worried over her and how she was taking everything in. she turned and smiled at him, and he was struck by how carefree she looked. “Are you ok, honey” he asked moving towards her and pulling her into his arms. “Don’t be silly Greg, I am fine. Perfect,” she giggled and tenderly kissed him. He could feel the love flowing from that kiss, whatever discussion she had with his grandmother had brought a miracle. He pulled her closer and groaned. “Wish I could spend time with you,” he remarked. She touched his handsome face and stated, “We have our whole life together.” He swiftly kissed her and left. Alex was sleeping in his cradle and he kissed his tiny forehead before he left the room. He was driven by Garret to the airport.
He hired a car when he reached the place and drove to the mansion he thought he would never step foot in again. Some things couldn’t be said over the phone. He suspected that Lois was involved in this, yet the story about Garrett left more questions than answers. How would she have got hold of that history, unless someone in the family was talking. He noticed a billow of smoke rising up as he drew closer to the mansion. The sound of sirens coming from the opposite directions could be heard. He was shocked when he came to the scene. A fire brigade and two ambulances were outside including a few cars and the mansion was on fire. He spotted some of the girls being led to the ambulance, wheezing from the smoke. As he got off the car in a dash, he raced towards them and asked. “Madam”, they shrugged not aware of where she was. One of them on the stretcher tapped at his arms as they were taking her to the ambulance and whispered, “She is still in there”. He moved towards the building and felt someone grasp his shoulder, “No sir don’t get closer, our men are in the there, don’t try to be a hero.” Greg was thinking about Sophie and the love she had for the woman. Time seemed to stop as he paced around and waited, when he spotted them coming out with a stretcher he was relieved and said a prayer of thanks to God Almighty. He rushed to her and noticed she looked fragile, lifeless and was covered in soot. She was unconscious and breathing through an oxygen mask. As they got into the ambulance he followed behind so he could see the hospital where they were taking her to. Local reporters where already buzzing around for the news. He checked into a hotel near the hospital and called Sophie. 

Chapter 16
“Greg,” Sophie rushed into his arms when she arrived at the hotel. “Hey honey,” he whispered. She looked worried as he was. “How did it happen?” she asked still in shock. They are still investigating. It has been implied that the explosion was caused by a gas leak,” he answered. They were walking towards the room as he explained. Sophie clutched at her throat when she heard that. Greg looked at her concerned, “are you ok Soph?” he asked. She didn’t want to worry him but it seemed like a coincidence that the same thing that burnt down Lloyd’s house also destroyed the mansion. Could this be her aunts doing? “No I am fine” she said and got into the room. After she settled down on the couch, feeling exhausted from her journey, she whispered, "I need to see her." Greg moved towards her on the couch and gave her a hug, "Right now the incidence has been well publicized and the journalists are covering it. They might start digging into your link with her."
"Greg," she had shifted from his hug and was now holding her husband at arms’ length. "It’s ok, one way or the other the truth will come out; remember we already have that threat looming over our heads. Make it happen, please". He stared at his beautiful wife who implored him on this, he hugged her again and answered, "I will, don’t worry. By the way, what happened to your hands?” he asked taking note of the bandages on her fingers. “I cut myself.” She replied. Greg tenderly kissed her hands before he remarked, “Self-mutilation is never the solution honey.” She swatted his arm before huddling into his embrace, content and feeling safe when she was with him. He really was impossible.
***
It was at night when he came and woke her up from her sleep, commanding her to dress comfortably. With a purple hoody and blue jeans, she hoped no one would notice her. Greg was dressed in like manner, grey hoody and black jeans. They went into the hospital through the staff entrance at the back. There came to the ward where madam was, Sophie rushed in. Madame looked tiny, no longer the formidable woman she was. She was pale and her breathing was faint. She almost thought she was gone but noticed the fog of breath on the oxygen mask over her mouth and nose.
She must have sensed Sophie near her; because she slowly opened her eyes and slightly pulled the oxygen mask before she whispered still holding onto it, “You shouldn't have come, Sophie". Sophie settled down on the chair close to her so she could make out what she was saying, madam rasped, "You should be careful, you have far much more to lose."
Sophie took madams left hand which was lying over her stomach and cradled it before replying, "You know I couldn’t stay away from you. “Is Greg with you?" madam asked. Sophie turned to Greg who was at the door and motioned for him to draw close. "Yes he is," madam weakly stated "Your protector, now excuse me, would like to say a few words to him." Greg sat on where Sophie had been as she stood up and gave them privacy. He was leaning in to listen to madam and looked at Sophie briefly. Madam had removed the oxygen mask so she could whisper to Greg. He nodded at whatever she said, and finally kissed her on the forehead. Seeing they were done, Sophie kissed madam too and they left the same way they came in. When Sophie and Greg woke up the next morning after the visit, their photo was already plastered in the local paper on the front cover.  Dressed in their hoodies and walking out of the hospital. The headline was more of a question.
What relationship does the CEO of Henderson construction have with former prostitute Madam S, owner of the infamous brothel? 
Greg wondered and purposed that he would find the person who had leaked the story. He made sure that his people had cleared everything, checked every nook and cranny before taking his wife to the hospital. 
“Greg,” Sophie called as she increased the volume of the TV. It was a picture of the outside of the hotel they were in.  This has come in, the journalist said as she spoke over the screen. Sophie was in a daze as Greg quickly moved towards her and covered her ears and pulled her to him. She had already seen the Pics of her dancing on his lap. Though their eyes and her boobs were concealed on screen but it was definitely them. He took the remote from her and switched off the screen. They thought they still had time, but apparently the blackmailer decided to use the opportunity for coverage into their lives. “Are you ok, sweetie” Greg asked rubbing her arms. She stared at him. Thinking back to the conversation she had with his grandmother she drew comfort from it and managed to paste a wobbly smile on her face. She didn’t think the impact she would feel would be this great and was beginning to doubt if she could hold it together. The phone started ringing, startling both of them. Greg answered it and handed it to her, it was granny. She said one word and Greg looked at Sophie who grinned. She handed him back the phone as he watched his wife, wondering what made her grin. Before he could ask the phone rang again. Their whole morning was filled with calls that came from friends and relations supporting them. Since the truth was out, this time they went to see madam and used the front entrance like the rest. The reporters who were standing outside rushed to the couple to get some answers when they spotted them. They didn’t answer any questions but trudged on into the hospital. Madam was looking better compared to the day before.
***
Agatha woke up to the noise of her children as she pulled the pillow towards her and tried to cover her ears to no avail. 
"Mummy we are hungry", her four year twins budged into the room screaming.
"Go away," she yelled as the children didn’t take her seriously but plopped onto her bed and pulled her covers. Resigning herself to her hectic life she got up and moved towards the kitchen.  It was after she had made breakfast and was moving towards the living room when she stepped on something. She stared at her feet with a grimace on her face as she screamed, "Who let the dog into the house". Her naughty twins scrambled off from their chairs seeing how angry mommy was.  Elsie was flipping through the channels. Something caught her eye and she advised. "Elsie scroll back to a few channels".
"Mom I wanted to watch a movie." Elsie sulked
"You can't be watching a movie this early when there is so much to do, give me the remote," she commanded as her daughter huffily gave it to her and left the room sulking. She flipped back, having forgotten about the dog poo she had stepped in, she was shocked when she saw the news and the photos plastered on screen.
"No it can't be," she muttered to herself. She abruptly got up and commanded her horde of children to get ready. Cleaned up the dog poo and waited for the maid before she could leave. Giving her instructions to her three teenage daughters to not let the rest get on the maids nerves, she left them at home, hoping they would behave and she wouldn't be forced to come back earlier without seeing Greg and Sophie.
 Cookie was already in the office located inside his boutique, getting ready to leave. "Cookie did you see the news" she asked. He nodded his head and remarked. "Sad," The way he was acting as if he already knew made her glower and ask, "I take it you knew and didn't tell me".
"What was there to tell girlfriend"
"I mean I always suspected that Sophie had a deep seated secret", she paced around the office. "But never in my wildest dreams did I think she was that ". Cookie turned and leaned on the table and looked at her. Agatha could feel his penetrating glare and felt uncomfortable under it. "What?" she asked.
"I just never knew you could be this judgmental that’s all," he replied, "Especially when you accepted me the way I am. Wasn't expecting that" 
Agatha cringed at that, noticing how unfair she had been. Cookie always made her cringe with his blunt opinions.  She waved her hands defensively and remarked. "I didn't mean it that way, I guess I am a bit shocked," she finished lamely.  “Your cousins are also involved in the news in case you didn’t notice. It’s not Sophie alone whose name is being flung in the mud.” Agatha sighed resignedly and wondered on what to do in such a situation. Already her day was becoming more bizarre before it had even started. " 
“Are you going to see them” she asked, as she really wanted to see Sophie and be there for her. Sophie was there for her during her divorce and her first opinion was uncalled for. She knew something would have forced the young lady to live such a life and Greg wasn’t a saint also. Garret and Marg, she wondered on what the family must be going through after the revelation. “Tomorrow, when they are at the farm, they are moving madam from the hospital.”
“Ok will you pick me up then when you are going there? “She asked to which he nodded. After their conversation, she left and decided to pass by a place she hadn’t gone to ever since her ex-husband was confined there. 
***
She bought five different papers covering the story at a vendor when she came out from Cookies office before she drove to the prison. Three out of five were more ruthless, as they cited the most notable figures in the family being bad apples.  They castigated their characters emphasizing on the gay minister and a whore loving CEO.   She had spoken to Marg before she met Cookie and she appeared to be doing quite well despite the news abuzz. Agatha walked into the visiting area and sat on the chair. Luc came into the room and smirked when he realized his latest visitor. He sure was getting a lot of visitors in these past days, "Dear ex-wife, what brings you here," he asked. He was enjoying seeing the onslaught on TV. He wished he had thought about it before.
"Why did you do it?" Agatha asked. Luc feigned a hurt expression and clutched his chest. "Do what dear wife?" She scoffed," I know you were involved, and to think your cousin tried everything to get you off the hook and he managed as they lessened your charges, why repay them this way".
"You call this lessening," he scoffed. "They had it coming to them, all of them. Not that you believe any word that would ever come out of my mouth Aggy.”
Agatha looked doubtfully at her ex-husband, still not believing him. But she had no way of linking him to anything since he was locked up. Trying another tactic she stated, "That is your family, how could you be so heartless." She was playing both roles of good cop and bad cop.
He retorted, "They are not, and it’s the Henderson name being dragged in the mud, not mine. You were always dense Aggy." He scoffed, “that family has a lot of enemies more dangerous than me, I would like to meet the people who managed to pull that off,” he continued glee evident in his face.
"You are pathetic, you know that," she said standing up from her chair. He sneered at the way she was dressed. One of Cookies, denim ripped jean designs. “I can see you are still trying to look young like our daughters. You are too old to be dressing this way. She scoffed; he definitely had no right to comment on what she wore. “We are not together Luc, save those comments for Jasmine,” she said before knocking on the door and the guard who had been waiting outside, got her husband.  Her husband was too dumb indeed to even think of doing such a thing, that’s why Jasmine had pulled a fast one on him. Noticing they had changed the security man at the front desk, this one looked young and new to the job, she feigned being bored and stated, "Officer, someone has been feeding my husband with news of my escapades, please do check on the names coming in. It might be my jealous cousin who wants him all for herself". The young man snickered and stated. "Sorry can't help you with that".
She leaned on the counter and looked imploringly at him and took out some few notes which she put in front of him. "A lady needs some tender loving care while her husband is incarcerated, but it doesn’t mean she wants her marriage to end. I love my husband and I would hate to lose him.” She was champing at a non-existent bubble gum as she had seen it in movies. She definitely needed to get a life than be stuck watching movies and chasing after her naughty children. The young man covered the notes with a register. She looked at it as she toyed with her hair. To any person passing by, it might have seemed as if she was flirting with the young man. They was nothing out of the ordinary, a few relations had visited him. She spotted some initials, R.H. 
Who could that be? She shrugged her shoulders and winked at the officer before she left. No one had noticed the exchange that had happened. 

Chapter 17
“Aggy girl is our wonder woman,” Greg commented as the other people in the room laughed. She suddenly felt self-conscious and sat down. “I don’t think Luc is involved,” she concluded. They were in Lucille’s living room, Garrett, Marg, Sophie, Greg and Ethan. The two couples under fire seemed unconcerned. Madam was in residence as she had been discharged from hospital. Agatha had been curious on what a madam of a brothel would look like in real life and was disappointed as she seemed ordinary like them. Maybe if she got better and started moving around she would be the temptress that men bragged about. Sophie didn’t mind her inquisitive nature and answered to the questions she asked.
She couldn’t help but blush when she thought about the first day they arrived at the ranch. Greg called Ethan and informed him that madam had been discharged from hospital and would be staying with them as she recuperated. Since they had decided to go there as they heard the news, Agatha had already made arrangements for the children to stay with her parents. They had spoken over the phone and Greg thought it was enough. He didn’t understand the sensibilities of women, that at such a time they needed being with other women and talking over it. Their unexpected visit caused her friend who always had no hair out of place to come out of the bedroom looking disheveled, while Greg looked grouchy and glowered at the friends who came to offer their support. They seemed to have been disturbed from their afternoon siesta if one could call it that. The world was busy persecuting and flinging mud on their characters and they were having sex, in the afternoon. 
“Are you ready ladies,” Eve came into the room and asked. Sophie and Marg nodded leaving Agatha confused. “Ready for what?” she inquired. “There is a private wing being opened at the community hospital. So we are going there.”
 Agatha was shocked; they were acting as if everything was normal, going about their duties. “Are you coming with us?” Granny asked to which Agatha shook her head negatively and slumped on the couch. She hated attending such ceremonies as politicians tended to spin tales during their speeches forgetting that standing could be tiring. Garret had stood up also. “Where are you off to?” 
“One of our church members, Mr. Brown is not feeling well, so am going to his house for a visit and prayer.” Everyone appeared to be grinning when they took note of her expression. 
She was in bed for a week after the divorce party, moaning the end of her marriage. Her friends had their dirty laundry aired out to the whole world and they were acting as if nothing was wrong. “Aggy wants to be James Bond, searching for clues, she can join us,” Ethan remarked smirking at her. They dispersed from the room, each going their own way. Ethan whispered in her ear, “Dense Aggy. You should try living for once like your cousins. Instead of crawling into bed like you, they are showing a united front to the world, that’s why Sophie is going to the Hospital with Granma. The story will be covered in the local papers.” He winked as what they were doing finally dawned on her. 
She usually resorted to lying in bed and watching movies when life was hard. Three days after her party and dancing all night long, it finally sunk in. she was a divorced woman, back in the dating field. She had sunk in deeply into her blankets, depressed. She was married at the age of eighteen, from her parents’ home she left for her husbands, that’s what she knew. How would she cope? She called her mother to come for the kids and wept afterwards. 
Ethan came over and watched her weep as she gouged down potato crisps and chocolates while watching soppy stories that made her weep even more. On the third day after letting her grieve, Ethan had had enough and carried her from her bed, squirming and drenched her in the shower with cold water. He didn’t care about getting drenched in the process. He had brought a change of clothes with him, as she didn’t even notice he slept over, too depressed and unaware of anything happening around her. He left her to bath and after she was done, he took a shower and took her out for dinner at a nearby restaurant. That’s how she came off being tied to her bed.
***
 “Wow, this is what’s left of the mansion,” Agatha commented when they got out of the car. The two men laughed at her fascinated expression. Ever since she arrived at the farm, she appeared to be fascinated about madam and everything involving her. Ethan hoped a monster wasn’t in the making as she would want to live riskily like the madam. Strange things happened when women divorced; some became attracted to the same sex, married younger man, while others lived on the edge. The younger part would work more favorable to his advantage as she always rubbed the fact that she was older to him, forgetting that he was her mentor. 
“Aggy girlfriend, are you remaining behind or you are coming with us,” Ethan asked. She realized they were going through the ruins and leaving her behind. She ran to them. Greg had informed her about what they were meant to do. Seeing the fallen charred beams and debris made her regret not going with grandma and the ladies. She was tired from her trip and the men didn’t give her time to rest. “What are we looking for by the way?” she asked navigating her path through the burnt rubble. She was surprised that the structure looked intact and only a small fraction was impacted as she walked further in following them. She figured out she was in the kitchen where the fire started, because they was a gaping wall where the stove might have been. She could still smell the smoke of charred wood and some fumes she couldn’t make out. 
“Madam said the mansion is old, so she installed what she called her safety net below. If we find that, the information will help us identify the culprits. She had concealed some cameras and the computers are below which caught everything.”
“Didn’t the police recover anything of use when there were here before?” she asked. Ethan rolled his eyes. “The blast destroyed everything honey, nothing of importance was retrieved. When Greg tried to tell them that foul play was involved, they didn’t believe a word. While he had suspicions, they had proof that indicated the fire started from the stove and spread quickly throughout because of flammable objects and furnishings. Before you knew it, this whole building was engulfed in a raging inferno within minutes. So the logical explanation was taken and filed, case closed with a bowtie on top.” Ethan smirked. She coughed from the ashes when she picked out a wooden beam and moved it. “By the way have you figured out who R.H is?” she asked. Greg stamped with his shoes on the ground and felt that he had come to the iron basement as he heard a clanging sound. He started picking up the bricks and moving them away. “Guys, this is it.” He said as they approached him.  “I suspect it’s Robert Henderson,” he answered to Agatha’s question. “Why would you think that, I don’t think he would show his face especially after such a long time, you must be wrong?” Agatha stated as she remembered that they was one member in the family who was never spoken of. “Madam said the man who installed her security looked exactly like me but older. The black mailer happens to know Garrets history. It can’t be a coincidence” 
“Our family with its secrets,” she mumbled. Greg and Ethan were grinning at her.
 “What!!” 
“I thought you would never want to be associated with Luc’s family and here you are, helping us out.” Greg answered. “Aww you, Luc might no longer be family but you will always be that” she laughed. They had managed to clear the rubble from the steel door. Agatha knew she might be a mess since Greg and Ethan were already dusty. “Are you sure about this?” she asked looking at the door. “If you think its Rob, don’t you think he would know about this place and he got rid of all the evidence?” “Nope, I gathered from Susan that there was a breach in their system some months after Rob installed it. It was kind of hushed down and dealt with by paying the hacker according to what he demanded.  Their information was recovered so Susan figured out that it was best she didn’t inform her former and current clients, in case they panic. She called someone she trusted who went through the security and installed his own safety measures.” 
Ethan whistled, “More like she feared for her life. Alerting some of her clients would have signaled her death.” He grinned. “What do you mean?” Agatha asked more curious. Greg laughed at the rapt attention she was giving them, as if she was taking down notes for a book. “Aggy seems to be fascinated about Susan’s life”. Ethan commented, raising his brow. “Well I am not,” she huffed peeved at the two men who burst out laughing. “Let’s say she dealt with influential and sometimes dangerous people, who would prefer that their sex preferences are not presented to the world. How do you think she got this land?” Her ears were itching and she didn’t care that Ethan was having fun at her expense. He leaned in conspiratorially and she listened when he mentioned the name of a certain minister. She gasped. “Are you serious?” she screeched. “Uhhuh” Greg smirked. The door to the basement was intact, considering that a lot of the debris had fallen onto it. It squeaked as Greg heaved and pulled with his might, opening it.
She stared inside and shivered. The security dude was surely brave. Greg ruffled through his bag and brought out three torches which he handed to each of them and went ahead.
“Be careful on the last step,” Greg advised. The place sure looked like a maze. “All this to save my new relation,” Agatha commented as she came down, eliciting a chuckle from him. “You are the one who wanted to be wonder woman.” Ethan commented. “Ummm, Greg did madam tell you on where we should go after this?” she held onto Ethan’s arms. Their lights could only reach a short distance, darkness seemed to be crowding around them and giving her the creeps. “Unfortunately no, I asked her to call her trusted friend as he might be of help but she seemed protective about his identity.” He shrugged. “Maybe he is her toy boy and she wouldn’t want to put his life in danger.” Agatha commented as she followed behind the men. “Does everything you say have to be focused on the region below the belt?” Ethan asked. “Well Greg started it with his afternoon siestas.” The men roared with laughter when they heard that and their laughter echoed back to them. “Awww was Luc that stingy on the tender loving care front?” Greg asked. This was getting weird and she had herself to blame for it.
At least they were not looking at her but trudging along the path, each being mindful of where they were going. She grumbled and answered. “Well I definitely never had those, and when we made love it was always in the dark. For a married woman, I surely got less of the action. I used to think we would have it all day long and after some years of being married discovered that we could stay for a year and more without doing it. My husband preferred his mistresses to me.” Ethan scoffed when he heard that. There came to what looked like three different parts, already she didn’t like being underground for such a long time, that’s why she was rambling. “I made a few calls and got the old plans. So will be able to navigate the place,” Greg said as he took out the blueprints while Agatha drew closer to Ethan. Ethan was quite enjoying Agatha who was drawing close to him without being aware. It was when she turned her face and bumped his chin that she noticed how close she really was and jumped. “Relax Aggy.” He advised. She giggled when she felt him carry her. “What are you doing?” “Wouldn’t want you stepping on something.” 
“Hey you lovebirds, found the path.” Greg called. How did he get there? Agatha wrapped her arms around Ethan’s neck as he walked. He was able to locate the generator and cranked it. As the light flooded the room the computers automatically rebooted up. “This is high tech stuff, I feel like I am in a James Bond movie”. She commented as Ethan placed her on the ground. “It’s creepy at the same time, being watched. Are you sure these things were running with no one watching them”. She asked “Oh maybe the elusive security man, used to come back and watch the ladies.”
“Aggy,” Ethan called. 
“What.”
“Did anyone ever tell you that you are too talkative?”
She huffed and leaned on the musty smelling wall of the room, cell or dungeon, whatever it was called. Greg was going through the footages before the explosion which appeared to be intact. “Whoever the person was, he was good. The spy cameras where installed around the durawall and far away from the house. It felt like they were watching a movie as they observed the different cars coming into the establishment and men walking on the premises. “Found it,” he laughed as he saw his uncle and Lloyd getting into the establishment a day before the explosion. 
Greg quickly transferred the footage and he was right on time as the fuel ran out in the generator and they were back to their total darkness phase. Ethan beamed the torch on Aggy who tried to block the light using her hands, irritated at him. “It’s your time to carry me,” he joked as Aggy was still angry with him for silencing her. She drew closer to Greg and walked alongside him as Ethan followed behind. She regretted her decision as she stumbled upon a boulder that almost sent her sprawling down. Greg caught her in time. “Are you ok,” he asked. Both men were worried and grasping her on both arms. When she stepped on her right foot, she felt a stab of pain and gasped. Ethan swooped in before she could protest when he heard her. “Carry the torch Aggy and don’t argue,” he whispered in her ear in his deep voice that seemed to vibrate throughout her tiny body. Greg chuckled at them as Ethan had glowered at him when he tried to carry her. He went ahead, giving them the privacy they needed.

Chapter 18
It was a month after Agatha’s adventure with the two men. When they went to the police station with the evidence, it felt like a bad movie being played out as they were informed that the footage did not prove anything apart from Lloyd and Robert coming in and out of the establishment. She was dusty, grimy, had a sprained ankle and all for nothing. Greg couldn’t tell them about the tunnels and where he got the footage from as Susan wanted it kept secret. So the trio left the station tired and dejected. 
All was not completely lost for the family as Evelyn’s plan worked. They presented themselves in public with Sophie, doing one thing or another with family and friends as if nothing out of the ordinary had leaked out. She was spotted with Greg and the baby taking a stroll, shopping with a mother in law, attending business functions with her husband and with family on Sundays at church. A month after the leak, the story in the papers changed. Sophie was now this heroine who had gone through a lot. She was loved and people raved about her fashion sense. It was as if the Pics that had leaked a month before didn’t exist at all. Pastor Garrett still remained the favorite minister in church and he hadn’t stepped down as he had wanted to, since he was advised against it. Greg was still the CEO at Henderson Construction Company and madam had fully recovered. 
Sophie on the other hand was shocked at the love the community poured over her and her aunt. Lucille used to meet with her friends and they would pray for madam’s recovery, knowing full well that when she got better she might go back to her old profession. They didn’t care about that but loved and prayed for her.
Agatha’s phone was ringing, she checked the caller ID, and it was Ethan.  “Hey girlfriend,” Ethan greeted over the phone. His deep voice always managed to send shivers over her body. He is Cookie, she thought, calming her silly heart. “Hey Cookie, how are you.”
“Good girlfriend, thought you would like to know that Lois, Lloyd and Rob have been arrested.” He informed her. “Wow and how did that happen?” was all she could muster as she thought on how dejected they were when they left the station before.
“They were called to the police station for questioning on what they were looking for at the establishment since they were not regulars. We had to act fast so we called in for the black widow,” Ethan chuckled.
“Are you serious,” Agatha screamed. The black widow happened to be her cousin who was hard as nails and could make a person confess without breaking a sweat. She was a policewoman and ruthless in how she dealt with everything as she wanted to prove that she could be way better than any man.
“Within an hour they were all singing a different story as she managed in her persuasive way to make them talk.”
Agatha cradled the phone relieved. “So it’s over?” she asked. “Yes it is,” Ethan replied. Lois was the brains and the two men did what she required. Lois and Lloyd also confessed to helping each other get rid of their enemies 16 years ago, Lloyd’s wife and Sophie’s parents.”
“The family must be relieved.” Agatha commented. “Yes, they are. It’s over love.” Agatha breathed a sigh of relief, happy for her friends and family, they had gone through so much and remained strong in all that, not letting the world define them but changing the world as they lived their lives.

Epilogue
One year later…..
“We provide accommodation for women, their children and girls who are far away from home and have no place to go. We also have counseling facilities availed to the women who have been in abusive relationships and their children. We offer homemaking courses that include baking, sewing, knitting and crocheting. These will help them be independent and gain some income. We are also working with a few certain banks, to avail loans for small and medium enterprises at a reasonable rate.” Sophie passionately spoke, flipping her fingers in the process. “Wow” the anchor woman marveled. “This is a commendable thing that you are doing. It’s not long ago that people were bashing your character. I am greatly awed by how you have handled the media and also the rumors. You are a force to be reckoned with Sophia Henderson”. Sophie smiled and responded, “It hasn’t been an easy road. I don’t know what I would have done without my family. They have been my greatest strength and comfort.” 
“Speaking about family, rumor has it you are expecting your second child,” Sophie giggled. The reporters were thorough in the way they researched. “Yes, I am two months pregnant,” she answered. “Congratulations are in order; we can’t wait to see your hunky husband posing for a denim advert without his shirt on and carrying your baby in it again. He makes being a father look so damn attractive.” The woman turned to the screen and reported. “You heard it folks, we hope women and girls out there will make use of the accommodation. We urge those in abusive relationships to get out before it’s too late and get the counseling that they need. Change starts today; we can break the cycle and have a better future for other generations to come. We have provided the address for The Susan Collins shelter and their toll free numbers on the screen, more news after the break.” The lady turned and smiled at Sophie, she shook her hand warmly, “thank you so much for agreeing to this, I meant every word, I admire you.” “Thank you for having me on the show, Sophie said as she stood up. Greg was waiting for her among the audience with Alex in his arms. “You were great honey” he beamed with pride. “Shall we go, we are going to be late?” he commented. They were celebrating his grandmothers’ birthday. The limo was already outside waiting for them to take them to the airport. One camera man spotted them coming out of the back door of the studio and took a picture of the elegant beautiful family which people would go on to talk about for a long time, marveling at their fashion sense and how photogenic they were. Already baby Alex was making headlines on baby products adverts. 
***
By the time they reached home, the party was in full swing. Sophie rushed to granny and hugged her. “Happy birthday grandma”. She laughed when her grandmother scoffed at that. “I really didn’t need this. It makes me more aware that I am old.” Sophie giggled. Greg produced their gift with a flourish. His mother took Alex from him, so he went to collect the gift in the car. “What’s this?” Eve asked as he watched Greg and Sophie giggle over her excitement. 
Eve unwrapped the gift and gasped. It was a painting of her in the study, looking regal and poised as one conquering the world. “When was this made,” she asked in awe. “Thank you so much.” she was overcome with emotion and her two grandchildren hugged her. She sniffled and asked, “Where is my great grandson”, to which Greg replied, “He is with mom” before he left. “Can you please draw closer dear,” Eve asked and looked at Sophie who was glowing. “I love what you are wearing, turn around and let me look at you.” Sophie giggled as Eve reminded her of her husband who liked saying that. She was wearing an African printed head gear, printed peplum top which was slanting as it trailed down to her knees, a black pencil beaded skirt and printed shoes that matched with her top. Greg was also wearing a round collar shirt taken from the material over his black trousers, same with baby Alex. 
“Agatha and Ethan made them.” Granny grinned when she heard that. “The way they appear to be able to sew things to seem like one person did that, is extra-ordinary. I wish they could get married since they appear to have so much in common.” Sophie giggled at that, since she suspected something was brewing between them already. She looked at the dance floor as her other relations gyrated with no care in the world. Greg came with Alex and handed him to his great grandmother, who was chiding him of not singing happy birthday to her. He wasn’t talking yet. He marveled at how the women in his family fretted over babies, they talked to the babies like adults. They got agitated if by this time the baby wasn’t sitting, crawling or walking. 
Sophie was encompassed by their relations and watching her brought joy in his heart as she danced and laughed. She looked the same way she did when he first met her, beautiful, innocent and without guile. She left the group and he found her sitting on the steps, looking at the sky. “Hey you,” he said as he sat next to her. “Hey”. She leaned her head on his shoulder. “Are you thinking about her,” “Yes I miss her.” Six months after the accident Susan passed on peacefully in her sleep. She had left a considerable amount of money for each of the six girls that were in her service. Sophie took the money and with it built a ladies hostel in her honor. What was meant to be something small became big as the family members, contributed to the project. 
The accommodation was meant to help the abused women and their children and also young girls with nowhere to go. Sophie thought of her first night after Lois ousted her, how alone and vulnerable she was. She hoped the hostels would help girls in dire need like she once was. She didn’t want any of the children to grow up in a toxic environment like her two aunts and mother. At the end they made their choices, but all that stemmed from their background. “I miss her,” she softly said. She looked so serene and was smiling in death when they found her the next day in the morning. A week before Sophie overheard her talking but when she came into her room, she saw no one with her. She chuckled when she noticed the confusion in her nieces face and said, “Soph girl, I was having a conversation with a perfect gentleman. He is so full of love that it’s palpable as if you can touch it. I finally met him,” her face was glowing. 
She knew who it was. Though she didn’t have such an encounter like her aunt, but she saw glimpses of the Lord Jesus Christ in the people around her. “I am glad over the fact that she left this world having been reconciled to her maker,” she whispered. Greg turned to face her and smiled. She cradled his handsome face and tenderly kissed him. “What was that for?” he asked. “It’s a thank you for being my perfect gentleman. You allowed God to touch you and show me who I am in His sight.” Greg kissed her and said, “Thank you for being you. I am forever grateful to God that he brought us together.” They was a long pause before Greg broke the silence, something had been on his mind since last year. “By the way Soph, what did Granny tell you the day the photos leaked when we were at the hotel?” Sophie giggled, “Don’t tell me that you have been carrying such a burden for a year, my dear husband.” 
“Well something happened to you, that’s why I am curious over the formula given if ever it was that.” “Greg,” Sophie whispered and cradled his face. “Live.” 
“Is that all,” he asked amazed at what one word could accomplish.
“When you left, Granny spoke to me pertaining to life. That God has a purpose for our life and people tend to lose focus over that and live out their lives pursuing other people instead of walking the path that God laid out for them. She said, Soph live. No matter what happens, with God helping you, live. Yes they will be people who will talk badly; those same people haven’t walked in your shoes so they do not know you. He has and He knows you. So look to him and live. Love people including those who have hurt you or will ever hurt you. Your life is too precious to be snuffed out by hating people or living with regrets. When you start doing so, you have left the path and are no longer focused on Christ. Live.”
As Sophie spoke, Greg realized how impactful the words were. He hoped he and Sophie would both be able to raise their children and give them such advice that will groom them into better people. He was grateful for his family, and his grandmother was one in a million. 
“So I just did that. I lived.” She giggled as she hugged him and they turned to look at the family members who were still dancing and celebrating life.
THE END

Thank you for taking the time to read The Perfect Gentleman. If you enjoyed it, I would appreciate it if you would help others enjoy this book, too.
Recommend it. Please help other readers find this book by recommending it to friends, readers’ groups and discussion boards.
Review it. Please tell other readers why you liked this book by reviewing it wherever you buy books.

Excerpt of The Inconvenient Marriage
Chapter 1
The alarm clock continued with its incessant ringing, making Thia throw away the blankets and finally get up from bed. She was exhausted. Today was her day off, yet she still had to do the other duties of a wife like get the kids ready for school, laundry, clean the house, pick them from school, attend a parents meeting and chat over the details of the school reunion planned out for next month. “Morning honey,” her husband Chad greeted as he got into the room after taking a shower.  “Morning,” she got up and moved towards the wardrobe where she took out the clothes he would wear for work and immediately left for her children’s bedroom to wake them up. By the time she bundled them off to school and Chad was off to work she felt even worse than being exhausted and her day hadn’t yet started. When she got into the now empty house she busied herself with the house chores and was shocked when she realized that it was way past eleven a.m. when she finished. Where had all that time gone to? 
She rushed to take the much needed shower and prepared a light snack afterwards. She was about to leave the house when her phone chimed announcing another message. As she checked the message she realized she wasn’t familiar with the number and it was just one word, ‘hi’. She put the phone into her pocket and shrugged off any thoughts as she had so much to do. She hurried from the house and left for school. She felt like she was barely managing with everything as she was being pulled on all sides. She and Chad had taken the decision to building a house and providing a stable home for their children prematurely. The long hours and overtime at work was getting to her while on the other hand she was both mother and wife. They had bills to pay, family and relatives to take care of and the house to be finished. The house was now at window level but Thia was not satisfied with that as she found herself comparing what she had accomplished so far with what her age mates had. They appeared to be a huge difference which she intended to reduce even if it meant working herself to the bone. Chad the calm and collected one was content with what they had accomplished so far and usually chided her of pushing herself, but she couldn’t stop.
Rose and Robert were already waiting for her at the school parking lot when she drove through the school gates. They rushed into the car and bickered on as she welcomed the noise which managed to take her away from her thoughts. “How was your day?” she asked the kids, while she maneuvered the car from the parking lot and joined the queue of others leaving the school. The two siblings continued to regale her about their day as she drove towards their grandmother’s place. When they arrived at her mother’s place she scolded the kids not to run when they hurriedly scrambled off from their seats while she carried their school bags and followed them at a leisurely pace. They rushed into their grandmother’s arms. Thia barely managed to slide in her greetings to her mother before the children started talking. It was always like a competition of raised voices as they usually were noisy and one was forced to shout over the ruckus. 
“Hush” their grandmother reprimanded, silencing them and pulling each child into another of her bear hugs. “Go into the kitchen, you will find some chocolate chip cookies and milk on the table.” She turned to her daughter afterwards and also hugged her. The children gladly left both adults who trailed behind and came into the house. “You look exhausted,” Linda commented after noticing her appearance and managed to elicit a grimace from her daughter. Linda was in her mid-sixties and didn’t look her age at all. She was dressed in a blue doll dress and had combed her afro hair for once which had a few grey hairs at the front making it look more fashionable and not at all a sign of aging. She had laugh lines at the corner of her mouth and a dimple would appear every time she smiled. At the moment Thia was looking the worse for wear and more like her mother’s sister.
“I am, have been pulling double shifts at work and with all this house work, kids and all, it’s just proving to be too much. I am beyond exhausted ma. I need a long vacation. The only rest and comfort that I get nowadays is a bubble bath with a glass of wine, once per month.” She slumped down on the couch in the living room and pulled an incredulous expression. Linda chuckled; “I told you about your rush into starting a family, look where it has landed you.” Her daughter could be very dramatic. The talk about her rushing was always a bone of contention as her mother had instructed her from as early as thirteen, the relationship and sex aspect of things. She thought back to the impromptu sex talks that her mother held and felt herself cringing from embarrassment. Her mother has always been unconventional in the way she did things.
“I know, I know,” she interjected waving her hands to stop her from going further. 
“There’s no use in speaking pertaining to things that have already happened ma.  And besides I am not like you.”  Linda scoffed softly at that statement, “You can be if you just decide on what you want and not be led by your heart. Like I always say, you should guide your heart instead of letting it guide you” she teased. “Anyway how’s my son in law doing?” She was still standing, watching her grandchildren who still hadn’t settled down. “Chad is fine; he got promoted last week so the additional income will go a long way for us to finally finishing our dream house.”
“Wow that’s good news we give thanks to God Almighty for that. At least you had the good sense to pick out a good man and settle down with” she quipped. She had noticed that her grandchildren were now settled, engrossed in munching the cookies and not making noise hence sat down, “so when is the meeting?” 
“It’s at 6 p.m., but I need to meet up with the ladies an hour before for a cup of coffee and discuss about the reunion. I will come and get the kids at around 7:30 pm”, Thia advised while at the same time looking at her wrist watch, “If the meeting is not over by then I can always get the updates from the other parents.” 
 “Greet the girls on my behalf. Tell Angela to give me a call. It’s been ages since I last spoke to her”. Thia smiled recalling on how her mother had also taken her three friends under her wing. Always ready to impart her wisdom pertaining to faith, life and love. “Thanks for bringing my grandchildren so that I spend some time with them.” She continued as she watched Thia stand, walk over to the children and hug them, before she waved at her mother and left for the coffee shop. 
Linda knew that she at times could be hard on her daughter, but she couldn’t help it.  Thia had so much potential and her only problem in all this was that she always wanted to do all things at the same time. She was never one who took things one step at a time and be content in the stage she was in. No, her daughter was different to her in a lot of ways. When she had Cynthia, it had been a well thought up plan. All her ducks were already lined up pretty well as she was successful in her career and also she managed to get married to a man she considered to be a perfect mate. Whereas Thia’s idea of life was going to college, getting pregnant , a rushed wedding to cover up that fact which had been a letdown to Linda as she thought she had equipped her daughter effectively to the point she wouldn’t make such a mistake.
Life could be unpredictable though, especially when one was dealing with human beings. This was proven by her husband Matthew. Sweet Matthew the perfect mate turned out to be a dud at the end. He cheated on her a countless number of times and the most horrifying thing of all is that he would apologize about it, but still cheat even more. That nearly destroyed her self-esteem as she felt like his cheating was her fault. Then the abuse started. The final straw came when he threw their one year old daughter against the wall after coming home drunk. She hadn’t even realized that he also started drinking in addition to his philandering ways. Linda had sworn that she would never experience what her mother went through, hence threw Matthew out of the house when that happened.
Linda was one of the girls in a family of six boys and three girls. Their home was ruled by an overbearing man who demanded respect and who also happened to have two more wives on his belt. Everything appeared to be scarce at home and at school she was one of those who had to wear the hand me down clothes from her two older sisters. They fought over the resources as children growing up in the Andrews homestead and as she grew older she wanted nothing else but to be able to afford the things that she never got as a child. Therefore she worked hard at school as her only solace came from books, managed to get a scholarship and went further than any of her other family members. She was in her late thirties when she got married and gave birth to Thia in her forties. After the whole incidence with her husband, she put aside any thoughts pertaining to relationships and put all her energies on raising Thia and growing her business.
Matthew was good at playing mind games where child support was concerned which she didn’t care about nor cared to pursue. It was his responsibility to take care of their daughter; hence if he wasn’t willing to step up to the plate, she wasn’t going to waste her time over that. She became both father and mother to Thia and vowed to do the best she could and not make her feel the absence of a male figure in the house. Her huge family helped as Thia had six uncles who to Linda’s relief turned out to be the opposite of their father. She was financially secure as she owned a taxi business that was bringing in profits and also managed to build two condominiums which she rented out to tenants
***
Thia’s friends were already at the coffee shop by the time she got there; deeply discussing pertaining to the High school reunion party they were planning to host. “Afternoon ladies”, Thia greeted and hugged each one of them. “Thia you are late”, Nicole remarked stating the obvious. “Sorry love I had to drop the kids by my mother’s place”.
“How is she?” The ladies asked in unison. “She is doing just great” she replied before settling down on the chair next to Angel. “I miss Ms. LC’s sage advice on life”, Diane pronounced brightly, making Thia blush out of embarrassment. Ms. LC was a name that her friends had given to her mother meaning life coach. Thia had met Nicole, Diane and Angel when they were at kindergarten and they had been inseparable ever since. From being the tooth gaped children to beautiful women who celebrated their uniqueness, the ladies were friends for life. All of them apart from Angel who appeared to be dragging her feet had settled down and had families. Diane was the first to get married immediately after they finished high school. She was a fulltime house wife. She had three children, twin girls, Melissa, Melinda and one boy called Cody. Her husband just like Chad and Thia was an Artisan at Crescentville Electrical Power Station.
Thia followed and juggled being a mother, wife and artisan. A number of years passed before Nicole settled down. She was expecting her first child and about to pop anytime soon. Nicky was a librarian at the Public library and her friends had dubbed her the bookworm among them as they grew older since she tended to be caught sitting in a corner of a room lost in the world of mysteries and romance or whichever book managed to catch her fancy. Angel the odd one in the group was a nurse at the Medical Clinic and seemed to enjoy her freedom.  As the girls were growing up, they used to have sleepover nights twice per month which they enjoyed immensely. It was when they got into their teens, over the holidays that Linda would pop into Thia’s room and would dish out advice pertaining to life and relationships. The relationship aspect used to make Thia wish the ground would open up and swallow her alive. No teen could be found alive listening to their mother speak about sex. 
“Thia don’t be like this”, chimed in Diane taking note that she still was squeamish over talking about her mother and her advice. “Your mom has taught us a lot about life. If it weren’t for her I wouldn’t be married now and to a great person like Joe. She taught us to choose people with character.  Even you at the end were able to follow her advice and look for a nice man to settle down with”. More like the nice man dropped into her lap, Thia thought. As the other ladies nodded and  she detected some accolades about to spiral from the other two, Thia waved her hands and  remarked, “Enough about my mother, onto the plans for the reunion, how are they coming along?” Nicole read out the things noted down and what had been taken care of from the list before discussions were made pertaining to the way forward.
***
Thia glanced at her watch and noted that they would be late for the meeting. She and Diane excused themselves as their children attended the same school. Nicole rubbed her bump as the ladies took their leave and commented, “Have still got a few more years to go before I start attending your parents meetings.” Thia stated with a chuckle, “Count yourself blessed, you will wish that your child was all grown up and away at college so you have all the time to yourself. By the way Ang, mom said you should give her a call”. After receiving a nod from her, she followed Diane who was already waiting outside while Nicole and Angel continued with their meeting and also updated their other former classmates who were in the organizing team. Since Diane’s car was at the garage, they continued their chat as they got into Thia’s car. “By the way did you notice who joined the High school reunion whats app group yesterday?” Diane inquired dramatically as she peeked at her friend to see her reaction. 
“Nope I didn’t.” Thia chuckled at the way Diane was acting and her voice was evident of that. “Is it anyone interesting? You know I don’t like being on social media.” Diane gushed and blurted out, “Your first love who else?” she was eyeing Thia still looking for the reaction she so knew only Thia could pull out. Such was her surprise when Thia drove on without a flinch or any kind of reaction indicating that she had heard her. “Really Thia, aren’t you concerned. He will be there at the reunion”
“I am not. I am married to a good man and have beautiful kids what more would I want?”  She spoke mildly as if stating the obvious to a three year old. Diane huffed, eliciting a laugh from her.  “I guess it’s a good thing then that you no longer pine after him. My fear was that you would be thrilled about the whole matter and want to find out more”. Thia replied flippantly, “No I don’t,” Of course at the same time her mind was screaming, yes I want to know, I do want to find out more about him and whether he had changed. It has been a considerable number of years since she had last seen him. She wondered if he had grown fat, had a pot belly and bald head. If only such wishes could be fulfilled. Instead she had read about him in the local papers as he made a name for himself as a business mogul and the most eligible bachelor, in-between drooling over the way he looked on paper. Not that she was willing to admit that to any of her friends. She had always believed that Rodney was her soul mate. Rodney was her first and when he had called it quits with her, she was devastated. She wasn’t ready to let go as she kept on hoping that things could have been different. Thia and Chad’s marriage was an inconvenient one as she had been forced by circumstances to enter it.

Chapter 2
9 + so years ago.
“What number are you comfortable with in terms of sexual partners?” Ms. LC asked, at the same time managing to make her daughter Thia shudder and wish she could crawl into bed. Except her three best friends were on top of the covers and her wish of crawling into bed was pointless. They were having a sleep over and Linda as usual was offering the teens her advice, that she knew some of the parents hadn’t taken time to offer to their children, probably thinking they would figure or stumble through when the time came. “One”, Angel responded, eliciting a giggle from the other girls. “One is good”, Linda voiced, “What about the others, what do you think?” She was smiling at the girls while she asked so they could be comfortable in voicing their opinions without fear of being spanked.
The girls grudgingly chorused “one” prompting Linda to laugh. Just because they heard her state that one was good, they now thought it was a national anthem. “Hmmm let me rephrase,” she chuckled and leaned over on the door, since she didn’t want it to turn into a long lecture. Small dosages to her topic would make the girls more open with her. “If you knew that just one addition of a sexual partner, just that one determined the success of a marriage how many partners would you wish your future husband should have been with before he came to you. Again I repeat keeping in mind that for every partner that they have, they is an increase in the chances of divorcing in future?”
“None” was the resounding answer she heard after. But she wasn’t done yet. “Ok, I know that you chat about boyfriends, relationships with your other friends and school mates, you also watch these chick flicks that I think should be banned; nevertheless we need to talk about this, all facades thrown aside and get to the grit of this matter. When you heard that the more sexual partners amounted to an increase in chances of divorcing in future you were quick to say zero. Now the question you should ask yourselves is this, are you willing to stay chaste for that one who would have taken the same decision to have sex only with their future spouse?” Thia groaned as her mother continued. “You can groan all you like but that will not stop nature from taking its course. They will come a time in which you will have to make that decision, whether to be one of those who sleep around, experimenting before marriage and in the process getting hurt or you will do it after you are married and enjoy this God given gift. If you do it before you are just plain stupid. Yes you are,” she emphasized and watched the girls look at her with horrified expressions on their faces. 
“By your expressions I can imagine you are probably thinking about the cool girl in school who told you how wonderful it felt or the charming boy who has earned a name of having the expertise in that area of making the girls feel like they are in heaven for days”. Diane and Nicky snickered while Angel seemed to be enjoying and paying full attention to what was being said by Cynthia's mother. She plumped up the pillow while she lay on the bed, making herself more comfortable. Her mother hadn’t taken the time to tell her about relationships, except for that ten minutes pep talk she held when she had her first period and told her to not come home but remain with her boyfriend, if she ever fell pregnant in future before she got married. When she had plagued her older sister who was now married even her advice had been totally off. She advised her to stay as far away from men as she possibly could until she was way, way older and independent. To Angel this was not practical as her peers were already dating, some even doing it. It was almost like talking about sex was a taboo, yet their society was rampant with information from the internet to TV and radio shows pertaining to it. Then they were those cultures which trained girls coming into womanhood on how to pleasure a man. So who was she meant to listen to, if the ones who were meant to guide her were unwilling to do so?
Gladly paying heed to Linda and ignoring Thia who was making funny scratchy throat sounds, she was just in time to hear her say, “When a person decides to have sex outside of marriage they can’t see clearly and aren’t able to make the right decision because their vision has been clouded. Sex and emotions are connected. People tend to put up with a lot and make the wrong decision because it will be coming from the emotional state, instead of a rationale mind. You hear such stories around our town, your homes, that sister who has a crappy husband who’s an alcoholic, or a cheating spouse, it all stems from a decision made during the phase when they were intimate with that person. Angel I am seeing your hand up, is they something you want to say?” Linda enquired. She took a chair as she had been standing at the doorway when she delivered her lecture. The girls turned to Angel who seemed to enjoy the talk. Angel shyly replied, “It’s just a comment I had like to make”.
“Go ahead”, Linda motioned with her hand. “My older sister was dating a ‘cool guy’” She used her fingers marking the cool in quotes before she continued. “She liked everything about him. His swag, his bling and tolerated his love of alcohol. She used to enjoy his antics especially when he was drunk. I once overheard her talking with some friends, that the sex was exceptional. When she fell pregnant and was forced to marry by my parents, everything changed for her but nothing changed for my brother in law. He is still an alcoholic, does the same stunts at the family gatherings whenever he is drunk but now my sister complains about them. They are struggling financially as he can’t keep a job, when he gets his salary; he is off on a drinking spree and forgets to report to work the next day. My sister is fed up and usually expresses that she wonders what she ever saw in him in the first place. So when you spoke about not thinking rationally, she came to mind”.
“Thank you for that Angel, that’s an example of the clouded vision and you will be surprised that they are a lot of such issues happening in our society. For a while the sex made her not to even consider his bad habits. They were cool. To you it might have been obvious that he is not a good person, he is struggling with an addiction, but she wasn’t seeing that. As youths, this is the time that you should be taking charge of your bodies, mastering your emotions and not letting them run wild, because you will still have to deal with those emotions even after marriage. So if you never had self-control prior to marriage, don’t think you will suddenly develop it when you are married. Don’t think your ugly frogs on the day of the wedding will suddenly turn into prince charming by the wave of the pastors’ hand pronouncing you as husband and wife. That your character or his will suddenly become sublime, while your abused body develops self-control. You failed to honor your body then, it’s the same body that is in marriage still and there is a high chance of cheating.” She paused for a while and looked at their innocent young faces. 
“Just because a boy knows how to match the color of their shoe laces with their shirt, or can hold a bottle of alcohol in a cool way doesn’t mean that he is a good husband potential, nor is a girl who has been taught to gyrate and move like a slithering snake make for a good wife. It’s the character of a person that counts. It’s not all hopeless and dire though, there is still hope for those who have done it prior but imagine the time and effort that one will have to dedicate to make right those broken parts of your soul and body. Why not take the upper road and do everything the right way the first time. God helping you, your life will be a marvel to see, that’s why He says that you should guard your heart above everything else. All the issues that pertain to life stem from there. Your generation is in a far much worse state than ours because you also have to deal with sexual infections and also confusion in sexual orientation as we now have new terms like sexual fluidity”. The girls nearly coughed at the same time when they heard Linda say that, never the less she ploughed on with her topic. “In our time it was rare to hear about a person who has been infected with an STI and so on. Instead of our society getting better, the morals are deteriorating day by day. So girls I really need you to think hard pertaining to this area and the choices you will later have to make,” she advised.
“Which brings us to dating, coz you can’t be making the decision about sex when you don’t have a boyfriend. How many of you are dating?” 
 “None of us is dating ma”. Thia replied swiftly. If their night was going to turn out to be like the rest, she was already dreading it.  “There is a school rule that stipulates that if any student is caught dating they will get expelled, we aren’t even allowed to hold hands with the opposite sex” Diane joined in. “School rule or not I know you, as hard as it is to believe I was once a teenager and I know how teenagers have a way of getting around rules”. Nicole shyly whispered, “I am dating”, shocking her best friends. Their head in the novels, little bookworm was dating and before any of them. “Thanks for your honesty Nicky” Linda stated and smiled reassuringly at the teen. As usual her mother was cool, Thia thought as she didn’t react in the typical way she had expect of a mother to. Shout and spank Nicole till she couldn’t sit on her butt for a week.
“Who and why are you dating?” Linda requested bluntly, as Thia rolled her eyes. Adults definitely didn’t beat about the bush, she thought. “It’s a boy that I learn with called Gerald. He is handsome, friendly and cool,” Nicole gushed. She was experiencing the thrills of first love and was brave enough to tell Thia’s mom as she felt she could even conquer the world. “Gerald the head boy”, the girls shrieked. The little sneak had been telling them that he was helping her as she was struggling in mathematics. “Hush”, Linda quieted them. “So what are your future plans with Gerald?” she probed further enjoying the talk with the girls. “What future plans?” Nicky was now wearing a confused expression on her face. “Well where do you see your relationship going in a years’ time or two?” Linda stressed out and could clearly see confusion as Nicole hadn’t thought that further ahead. “I didn’t think about that. I don’t think Gerald thinks that way too. We were just dating for the fun of it”. Nicky tentatively answered, not sure on what Thia’s mom was trying to drive at. “We are still young and it’s too early for us to be making long term goals”.
“Hmmm and does that fun include kissing and petting?” Linda was staring at Nicky who suddenly lowered her eyes to the carpeted floor out of embarrassment. The other girls were now fully paying attention to the conversation and Nicky knew they would be in her case after Linda left. “I take that as a yes then”. Linda concluded. “There is no need to be shy about it. Onto the next question, what is the purpose of dating?”

Thank you for reading the sneak preview of the Inconvenient Marriage.

About the Author



For as long as I can remember I have always wanted to be a writer. At an early age I used to love listening to my sister reading aloud for me. All the adult women in the family loved reading romantic novels and hence I was always scolded for being found on the wrong side, having taken a romantic novel way above my age range and reading it.  As a teenager at school I was introduced to a wide range of books as we were encouraged to read a lot. Pacesetters were my favorite read and the pleasure derived when I was in form three and I qualified to read novels by Barbara Cartland couldn’t be explained. Finally those novels I used to get scolded for reading were in my grasp. 
I have read novels from other genres like modern legal thrillers, horror supernatural fiction, thrillers and action. Nevertheless romance has always been my favorite genre.  Reading turned out to be inadequate, I wanted to write and lead my characters where I wanted them to go, not comment about this character on how I wished they could have taken this path or that path. Hello to writing, still in my teens and at school. I had my friends who also happened to love novels the way I did. They enjoyed what I wrote, but still the path of publishing wasn’t open because of where I came from.
It wasn’t a surprise to find stories at the back of my notebooks because I usually scribbled when bored, checking out from this world into another world, away from the stress of educational books. The stories that I write, highlight the issues faced where I come from, hence I strive to make them more real and in touch with people’s lives. I share also my favorite hobbies in the books, mostly anything to do with homemaking like, baking, knitting and sewing. My stories can’t be categorized completely under romance as you will find that in some stories there is a bit of action, adventure, thriller and mystery. I love stories full of hope, faith, love and happy endings. 
Growing up in a town where the career choices were limited to professions like nursing, apprenticeship training  and nothing to do with being an authors by the way, I opted to study Human Resources Management so that I could be gainfully employed, but I always had that hunger to write a book still gnawing on the inside of me. I decided to write a book during lockdown and gave it to a good friend who happens to be and author who loved it and introduced me to self-publishing. Who knew I could do everything for myself and with just the push of a button publish, well I didn’t. Besides which publishing house would I have approached in my small mining town?  I published my first book The Inconvenient Marriage which was soon followed with Finding a husband for Cissy. More books will follow as writing has always been my passion and still is. 

Thank you again for taking the time to read The Perfect Gentleman, I hope you enjoyed it.  


Connect with Me:

Follow me on :
https://smashwords.com/profile/view/Yvonne08

Friend me on Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/yvonne.sibanda.79 


Also by Author
A Risky Venture
Finding a Husband for Cissy
The Inconvenient Marriage
