
Table of Contents
Copyright page
Acknowledgement
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
EPILOGUE
AUTHOR'S NOTE
BONUS READ
Copyright page
Copyright © 2020 by Adekitan Adeyemi.    
All rights reserved. 
ISBN-978-1-716-47949-6
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without written permission from the author, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.   This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Acknowledgement
A big thank you to all that make this book a reality. To God the giver of gifts.
This one is for all my little munchkins— my nieces and nephews. Gabby, Esther, David and Obaloluwa. You all give me so much joy to write.
CHAPTER ONE
Aqua Science medical Research Institute,   is  one  of the leading  research institute in  Nigeria. The institute which has it building located in the heart and capital of the country, FCT Abuja, conduct research into diseases of public health importance in Nigeria and develop structures, for the dissemination of research findings while providing the enabling and wonderful environment, facilities for health research and training in coperation with federal and state ministries of health and internationally .
The institute enjoys funding from the government and internationally, in other to increase the reach and effectiveness of HIV/AIDS services and program, the institute have received federal funds and grants from other international bodies that support the cause. 
Professor Ogunfeso,  the Chief research fellow in the research institute,  knew that this time he has finally gotten the combination right,  there is a breakthrough in finding the  cure to the dreadful HIV/AIDs. 
After carrying out series of failed test,  going on sleepless nights, the years he has spent in research and working on the project has paid off.  
"Ha,  i finally got the combination right " hé giggled to himself. 
After obtaining is first degree in Nigeria,  he moved to the united states for his MSc and PHD degree in Biochemistry .
Lekan ogunfeso knew from a very tender age, that he derives Joy in Science and Research Studies  and helping  humanity, So when he met and married is wife in United States he made her realise the kind of life she was signing up for, a life where he will always be busy , not constantly at home.
But like every woman in love, who believes the man will change with time, and couple with the fact that Lekan is very handsome, did her in. With his dark charming looks and sparkling eyes that is always full of excitement,  Bimbo could hardly say No to him. 
But she soon realised when they got back to Nigeria, and had their first and only Child that lekan passion for his work is looking more like obsession to him. 
At first Bimbo thought, he was cheating due to his late nights but later realise he spends his time at the institute.  And their marriage grew apart as years flew by. So it was a rude shock awakening when Bimbo was tested and discovered she has breast cancer.  She  eventually lost the battle to it.
Lekan spends most of his days in the institute after loosing her, he can not bring himself to look his daughter in the eye, for the guilt was killing him.  The once handsome man is now a shadow of himself,  at  Fifty-two way older than his real age. 
"At last, i will be able to make it up to my daughter. Go on vacation with her"  he mutters to himself.
Alot is hanging on the breakthrough of the antidote,  now he will not feel like a failure,  atleast he has something to show for years spent in lab, neglecting his family. 
The research is monitored closely by the committe set up by the House of Senate. The funds for this particular project came from the federal government with the hope of putting an end to the deadly rise in the number of people living with HIV/AIDS  in the country. 
Professor placed a call to the Senate committee chairman in charge of the research institute fund.
"Good Day Senator Adebanjo, you told me to update you once the vial is stable,  well I am glad to tell you that, it is " he gushed excitedy.  The Senator had earlier informed him to keep him updated when they met for the monthly visitation.  Once the antidote is stable before presenting it to the Senate committee at large. 
He was enjoying himself with beautiful Caroline, his mistress, when the call came in.  "Who is disturbing the flow of celebration "  she hissed.
But when he saw that it Professor Ogunfeso he knew it must be about their project. 
"Oh Professor , how are you doing?  I believe you have  good news for me?" He answered in his boisterious voice. 
"The antidote experiment is finally stable and ready"
"wow,  fantastic this is good,  it is a ground breaking achievement,  are you still at work ?  " Senator Adebanjo asked. 
"Yes i am" the professor replied.
"Oh fantastic,  this calls for celebration ,will drop by later in the day" he replied. 
Professor was a little bit skeptical about the pending visitation of Senator Adebanjo,  but he knew how fantastic the news he just delivered to him was,  So it is only natural he will want to visit him.  "Well, i am around and i will expect you "
"Oh good, once am done with meetings i will join you" 
SENATOR  WILLIAMS ADEBANJO  is a very ambitious man,  his rise to the seat of power was not by coincidence but a well thought out and strategic planning on his part, and he has always target the ultimate seat which is the Presidential office. 
At forty-five years of age he won the electon that got him to the Senate seat after bribing his way into it,  he believed you get what want through any means possible.  He was not born with a silver spoon in his mouth either and nothing or no one will make him go back to the poor background he had while growing up. He is becoming a force to reckon with in the political scene, though majorly known for his ruthlessness, which he tries to hide under the facade of pretending to be a generous philantropist.
He stood up from the  bed  without  glancing   at Caroline  his  current  and  longlasting  mistress,  his mind running in circles  about  the  news  he  just  received. 
To  say  he  was excited  was  an  understatement  ,  now he  can  finally  get  his  hands  on  the  antidote.  "I  will  be  rich"  he laughed  boisteriously  as  he  thought  about  it. 
"Darling  are  you  okay ? " Caro asked  him  Seductively  from  where  she was  lying  down , with the  cloths  barely  covering  her  breast. 
"Honey  it  nothing  to worry  your  pretty  little  head  about,  Just  business " he repliés. 
Senator Adebanjo planned to sell the antidote to the highest bidder,  the money he will be getting out of it will make Dangote look  like  a  pauper  when  he  is  done  , or So he thought. 
He  knew  where  he  is  coming  from  and  it  can  only  get  better  "no one  will  stands  in my  way  " he muttered. 
He  moved  back  to  the  bed  to  cuddle  Caro  lovingly. 
"I  know  i  promised  you,   that  we  will  be  together  all  through  today,   but  as  you  can  hear  earlier  i  have  a business  engagement  that  just  came  up.  So  i  won't be  around  , we  need  to  shift  this  to  next weekend".
"But baby why  now,  I will  miss  you,  I was thinking  i  will  spend time  with  you  this  weekend,  and   you  are  always  busy" she said with a pout.  With fake tears  in  her  eyes. 
"I will  make  it  up  to  you  i  promised  i  will  transfer  Three hundred and fifty thousand  naira,  to  your  account   for  your  trouble. 
" Oh sugar  i love you, i  guess  i  have  to  book  my  flight   back  to  Lagos  tonight  then" She replied with mournfully, as  she kissed him with passion and they forget the world exist. 
PROFESSOR  Ogunfeso welcomes the senator into his office,  after the pleasantries he offered the senator a seat,  with his security details waiting Outside.
"So my Professor,  what a wonderful news you shared with me earlier,  the Senate and Mr President will be pleased "
"As they should be, it will make our nation look good,  as a solution provider "
"indeed you are right my prof , personally am most joyous and this is why am going to transfer the sum of 5million naira into your account, for your troubles"
The Professor was baffled as to why the senator will want to give him money especially that huge amount,  his suspicion was further kindled the way the man was smiling with stupid grin on his face. 
"Really, that is good to know but no insult intended am not confortable with having that amount given to me as a personal gift.  If it is for the institute,  i understand "
"Professor relax,  okay if it makes you feel better we will say it to continue your other research works, and besides no one need to know it just between you and me"   he tried to cajole him. 
"lets say i accept this offer What do you want in return"
"Hnmm you are a smart man professor,  it simple just handover the antidote for the virus to me, put it in your report that you are still working on getting a result, and we will continue to fund your research institue,  and you wil be greatly rewarded. I have foreign investors that are very willing to buy it from us, and in return they will even build you, your own research institute "
By this time professor knew that his suspicion about Senator Williams Adebanjo has always been spot on,  with the way is always looking like cat that swallowed cream,  but since he is the Chairman of the committe in charge of the research institute funding there is nothing he could do
"am sorry i can't do that, this is my Life's work and it also a big break for me in my career,  right now i will need to ask you to leave,  as there is nothing else we need to discuss"  he calmly speaks,  has he rise to his feet. 
Senator Adebanjo gave him a look over and smiled, 
"listen,  you are passing up on a good offer just because of your fake and stupid holier-than-thou attitude.  This antidote will still save lives if that is your fear"
"Yes  i understand , you just want to be selling it to the highest bidder as if What this country is going through is not enough,  it is people like you that destroy this nation reputation "
By this time professor ogunfeso was fuming with anger. 
William Adebanjo was not surprised people like the professor will not give in easily,  they need to be forced. 
"it alright professor i understand you perfectly, am sorry we could not reach a consensus " 
He folded his agbada has he stood up to walk to the door,  he turn around to give a last glance to the professor,  "Good night " he mumbled with disdain 
BAKO Audu is a man of few words,his eyes and teeth are the only feature in his body that is white, standing over six-feet tall and dark as the charcoal itself, he knows he looks more menacing than handsome with the long slash scar carved into his cheek, a scar he obtained during a bar fight. 
He is the head security detail of Senator William Adebanjo, which also involved doing any other assignment his boss assigned. 
He was in his office making arrangement for the assignment he has to deliver for his boss when the man himself called him, he used one hand to reach for his phone has he tried to tuck his gun into the bag he was packing. 
"Arrange with your guys as discussed earlier, go to professor Ogunfeso, take possession of the antidote including the combination , the job needs to be clean and real, I want to see it in the news headline tomorrow " he dropped the call without waiting for response. 
*********** 
Professor Ogunfeso was still very much annoyed with the last visitation he had from the Senator when his daughter called him. 
"Hello dad, hope am not calling at a wrong time" 
For she knew how busy her father always was, and she tried not to call him when he is at work.  
"Not at all dear, you are not disturbing me, I was about to leave the office as well just putting some things in place, I will be home in a bit, is there something you want me to get on my way" 
"nothing really dad, i just want to tell you something important but since you are on your way home it can wait till you get home" she told him. 
Professor Ogunfeso packed his belongings and left his office, the whole building has already quiet down for he is the only one that works very late most of the time in the building. 
Tonight was exceptionally quiet, he Heard approaching footsteps outside the corridor of his office and wondered who it could be for the security personnel do not do their walk round this part of the building. 
As he stepped outside he saw five heavily armed men walking straight to his office. 
"Can I help you , you are not allowed up here " he knew as he addresses them that they do not look like the building security personnel. 
"It alright prof, Just cooperate with us, take us to your lab, and give us the antidote including the combinations, we promise not to break anything " 
The one that look like the leader of the group replied him with fake courtesy. 
"I can't access the place by this time " 
He tried to plead with the men, "Oh am sure, you can professor " has he corks his gun. 
Professor Ogunfeso knew there and then that he is in big trouble and apparently it is the senator paying him back for refusing his offer. He was dragged along to the laboratory , his heart beat raising like someone who just ran a marathon. He inserted his key card to enter the lab, and took them to where the antidote was kept. 
"Now that was not so hard, is it ? " BAKO drawled menacingly, his teeth coming out like a rabbid dog.
The vials were placed in a cooler, "professor thank you for cooperating with us, but you should have done that earlier and just take the offer, your country thank you for your services" 
He said to the professor before knocking him out unconscious , they carried him out into the night, out of the building.
OKIKIOLA Ogunfeso, woke up to the insistent knocking on the door, she wonder who could be banging on the door that early,  "Who could it be at  this time of the day" she grumbled  as she dragged herself out of the bed,   and she reached blindly for the bedside switch, illuminating the room for her to see the time it was 5:45am, still too early for any sane person to come visiting. 
Her father has his own key so it obviously not him, they rarely see each other, with him buried in his research work most of the time and her own work schedule as well.
She could not help but wonder about her father's lateness in getting back home,  although it should not have surprised her.  There are times he sleeps over at the institute working till the next day at the lab, but what got her worried is because he had already said he is on his way home, and yet he isn't .
She shuffled her feet to the entrance,  and checked in the keyhole to verify the identity of the person knocking. 
"I will literarily kill this security guard this morning,  how can he allow someone in, this early " she opened the door.
"Baba,  what is it that can not wait till when it clear,  and who are these people with you ? "
She demanded from the security man.  The visitors baba brought inside looked at her and uttered the words that will change the course of her life forever. 
"Am afraid,  there has been an accident,  your father 's car caught fire on his way home,  and he didn't make it"
The voices of the news bearer sounds as if it was echoing from a very far place as she sinks into oblivion. 
***********
Unlike some children,  Okikiola did not have any other siblings,  and the moment she completed her secondary school education her parents arranged for her to travel out of the country to United States of America where she studied for  her degree B.Arts .
She did not really have a close relationship with her parents especially her father,  and this is largely due to the fact that she rarely come home. She has always being told she resemble  her mother in looks .  Beauiful to look at with her oval shape face, pointed nose like the Fulani's , with pearly white teeth.  She took her skin tone and strong will personalty after her father's.
Against her father's wish she studied law, another reason for the old man not to like her, he wanted her to follow in the path of medicine and when she refused it put another strain on their relationship.  Why should I study medicine? she thought within herself when they have already forced her into a strange land without no family. In the beginning studying law was just to show the rebellious and stubborn streak in her, but with passage of time she fell in love with it.
Popularly Kiki by her friends, exudes  an aura that you can 't just resist when you are around her, her female friends envy her beauty , the men cannot deny that it beauty and brain to covet.  The innocent cherubic look she has will fool anybody into thinking she has no mean bone in her body, or that she will be a push over in her profession as a lawyer. 
She was opportuned to get a job in one of the most successful law firm in the State after she retured home to Nigeria, and at thirty- three She has already established herself as a force to reckon with in the law firm. 
The demise of her mother worsen  the relationship between her and her father. It got more soured,  her father buried himself in his research study the more, a part of her sympathies with her father,  she tries to understand that it is his own way of dealing with his grief. 
Recently, they started working on their relationship,  he was spending less time at the institute and trying to get to know his daughter, they have already put plans in place for vacation.
"Okiki, okiki",    the voices were persistently calling her,  she opened her eyes to find herself lying down on one of the couch. 
"Thank God, please young lady are you feeling better,  or should we take you to the hospital? " one of the police officers asked her. 
"No,  i will be fine "  
" Is there any body you want us to call,  i mean family members, so that you will not be alone "  they asked her .
The question brought her back to the reality of what just happened,  and she cried with heartache. 
"No,  don't worry "  she replied in a quivering voice. "I will be fine, I need some time alone".
A lot of thought were running through her mind,  thoughts that she can 't process at the moment,  she just want to be left alone.  She thanked the police officers,  and ask baba to  walk them out of the house. 
She felt so alone and empty,   for the first time in a long while she wished she was close to her parents.  And to think she was planning to talk to her father about the case she just won,  which in turn will make her closer to being made Partner at her law film. 
Baba came back into the room,  "aunty sorry o,  what are you going to do now ? "
"Thank you,  don't worry i will make the necessary arrangement"
She was feeling emotionally drained .
"I will need to visit the hospital he was taken to,  and from there get in touch with family and friends "
"Its okay ma,  will inform  Amoke to prepare what you will eat "
Baba has always see Okikiola has the daughter he never had,  and she always show him respect even being a gateman.  That is why seeing her like this is hard for him as well,  and loosing his boss is painful also. 
"Thank you  baba,  please do inform her, and get my Car ready".
CHAPTER TWO
THE DEATH OF PROFESSOR Ogunfeso caught the news that morning, Senator Adebanjo made sure he bought the papers. 
He snickered has he read's the news of his demise,  but he would have preferred it much better if the professor had done what he wanted, that way he will be of help in administering the antidotes to the persons he will use for experiment.
"If only he was not so stubborn, Good riddance, bad rubbish. I must contact my buyers, i just hope the vial works has the professor said"  he muttered to himself.  Plans is already put in place for the foreign buyers he has contacted to come for the antidote. 
He need to get someone living with the disease , so as to test the potency of the antidote before taking the next course of action.  He placed a call through to Bako Audu, to inform him to get someone as soon as possible.
The two bodies writhing in pleasure on the bed were lost in the throes of lust , she moan lustfully as they both find their release. The mobile phone rang, but they could not hear it on time,  the consistent ringing jerk Bako up ,  He straighten up when he saw that it was Senator Adebanjo calling him. 
He signal to his partner to keep quiet as he moved away into the bathroom to receive the call. He was Surprised to know that the Senator was not angry with him,  for not answering on time,  and after he has praised him on a job well done,  he received further instruction on the next stage of their plan. 
He returned back to the room where his lady friend partner is waiting for him. 
"Are you alright baby "  she asked,  dragging the bedspread around to cover her body.
"Yes I am fine, it nothing to worry yourself about, now loosen that cover am not done with you yet" .  he replied has he devoured her lips hungrily.  
CAROLINE AKA Caro , Real name Alexandra Pedro  updated her findings and Forwarded it into her inbox,  before shutting down her computer for the night, it still not enough to lock the bastard away forever, but it a start.
Alexandra Pedro,  an undercover Secret Service Agent, placed on Senator William case. He is on the watch list of The Federal Police Department "FDP". They have been monitoring him since the time he served as a Senator, but the evidence against him are not enough to put him away. The man proved to be a tough nut to handle,  lots of deaths, frauds , kidnapping cases that has been linked to him,  but because their is no solid evidence there is little or nothing they can do,  he cannot be arrested based on the evidence they have.
After monitoring his movement they discovered one of his Hercules's heels which was women among others, so it was easy to plant Alex in to his life. 
She met him at one of the expensive Clubs he frequently visit, and the moment he sets his eyes on her , he could not resist her charm.  Alexandra is a tall fair skinned lady, blessed with a body that looks like it belong to the fashion model magazine, it impossible to see her as someone with martial arts training. 
Alex graduated as one of the best in her class, during the time she was training in the police Academy. Toughened due to the abusive background she had in the foster homes growing up, she has learn how to use her beauty to serve her own purpose.   She has paid her dues in the past ten years that she has joined the FDP. Bringing drug lords, fraudulent men to justice. So it was not a coincidence that she is the one hand picked for the role of a mistress for the senator, they know she is intelligent and ruthless.
Her boss knew she can not fail in her mission, and if it takes sleeping with the enemy to do that, she will do it without blinking. The back up story they created for her while working as an undercover is that, she is a final year student at University of Lagos, Twenty-five years of age. It easy for her to pass of on that age, though she is Twenty-nine because she did not look her age.
She picked her phone from where she left it on the table  to call Senator Adebanjo , "Hello Senator,  have missed you dearie you didn't even ask of me, or is it your wife that has kept you away from me? " She drawled seductively like a cat in heat. 
"Hey pretty I am sorry have been busy that is why,  but this weekend i will be less busy so you can come over to Abuja, So be prepared to bring that sexy body of yours over "  he guffawed. 
"Alright Sugar " .
Alexandra Was just about to lay down for the night when her phone rang,  Her switched to work mode immediately,   it her work phone and it only her boss that calls her on the phone.   
"hello Sir",
"Agent Pedro,  new information has come up concerning the target you are working on,  i have mailed you the brief. Be careful "   
"Yes Sir".
Has she drop the phone she knew their is no more sleep again for her,  she will have to go through her mail and work on the information sent to her. 
The new information sent to her included pictures of Professor Ogunfeso,  both of when he was alive and the scene of the accident. She remembered that she heard the Senator conversing on phone with the deceased the week he died.  
"There is more to it than meet the eyes, i need to get my hands on the autopsy report"   she concluded.                                                                        
Okikiola's eyes kept tearing up, hands shaking, she could not seem to find the right dress  to wear.  Finally snagging a brown polo Shirt off the wardrobe, she dressed up jerkily, like someone in trance adding a black jeans to the ensemble, with a black sneakers as well. She slipped on a dark sunshade before leaving her bedroom not even bothering with looking into the mirror to check herself. 
It true there is no love lost between her and her Dad, but still he is her father. It saddens her that he died when they are just getting to working on their relationship. He may not be the best father in the whole world but still his death caught her unaware.
The Car has been washed neatly by Baba her  Security man before she stepped out, he ran to quickly open black Sport Car for her.
"Please be careful and drive safe" he said calmly, before she drove off. 
She drove down to the hospital where the body of her father was taken,  she parked  and hurried inside the general hospital  building.  
"Goodday I am Okikiola Ogunfeso,  my father's body was bought in early hours of today i am here to identity his body" she winced as she said the last part. She is officially now an orphan.
The  nurse she met, directed her to one of the Doctor on duty, the only sign that gave away her states were the puffy eye, the nurse was taken aback on how composed she is.
"Please follow me this way  ma'am to meet the Doctor on duty "
She took her to the office of the doctor on duty, she can get the accurate information she requires, She was ushered into the office after the nurse has introduced her to the Doctor.
The Doctor welcomed her,  and explained the state her father was when they brought him in to her.   "Hello am Doctor Kingsley ,a man was brought in dead in the early hours of today,  his body was a bit burned , but we can still run need an autopsy on him if you desire, but i will need your consent to carry out autopsy on him so as to be very sure of the situation . You need to identify his body to be sure also that it his him". He explained to her.
Okiki feels as if her heart will burst open , her heart kept beating like it will jump out of her chest, with the information the doctor just bombarded her with, she followed him to the morgue to do the identification, she felt seriously sick to her stomach when she saw him. Tears rolled down in torrent has she nod to let the morgue assistant know that he is indeed her father.
She accepted for them to carry out  autopsy report on the body, though it obvious to her that it was an accident, but after seeing his body something more than an inkling kepts telling her to allow them carry out the report. Okiki saved the Doctor's contacts before leaving the hospital.
By the time she left the hospital, she was emotionally drained out. It like having the lump size of a golf ball stuck in her throat, dazed with how her father looked just lying there dead.  She kept asking herself , what kind of freak accident claimed her father's life, the more she thought of it, the more she find it hard to believe that his car just caught fire and he died before he can be rescued.
Okikiola could not go home after leaving the hospital,  she drove into the lake Park and found a secluded place in the park with trees serving as shades, she could not enjoy the beautiful view of the lake in front of her,   the tears she tried so hard to hold at bay kept coming down in  torrent. She wiped it off angrily, crying is so foreign to her, but the reality that  she is now totally alone kept nagging her.  It not like I will be the first person to be an orphan , she muttered to herself. 
The Ogunfeso's are not close to their extended families , so no comfort is coming from there any time soon, since her father pretty much kept the family at bay.
Now she is saddled with the task of telling families that they were not close to,  that her father is dead too. She cried the more untill her head hurt and her eyes were red and swollen. After calming down a little she put a call through to her father's elder brother to tell him the news,  So that he can inform the rest of the family and burial arrangement can start. 
IT was already dusk by the time Kiki find her way home,  she was weary and tired,  the moment she parked her car she went in without a backward glance at Baba who was busy asking her how the visit to the hospital went.  She knew that to wait and reply him at the moment will lead to fresh bout of tears, she just waved him off and went in. 
She has never felt the need of having a sibling this strong before,  and with all that has being happenings around her she really wished she had one at the moment, that she can share the burden of what she is going through with. The big house feels like a mausoleum to her as she drag her feet to the bedroom.
Although it was not the lack of trying on her parents part especially her father in having another Child but it was just not happening,  her mother was subjected to various test and received So many injections, failed IVF on so many occasions that she eventually got tired causing them to drift apart the more.
Okikiola, stumbled into her room like someone drunk, without bothering to remove her cloth she just  laid down on her bed, deep in thoughs.  Her phone ringing tone cause her thoughts to be back to the present moment,  she rummaged inside her hand bag for the mobile phone,  it was a strange number that she did not know, cautiously she answered it, thinking may be it one of her father's friend that heard of his demise .
"Hello,  good evening who am i speaking with please ?  She asked in a strained voice. 
"Hi,  Kiki,  this is Toboriola Dasilva, i heard what happened to your father,  am so sorry for your loss,  how are you holding up ? " he asked.
Kiki was surprised to hear from Tobori, he is the last person she would have thought will call to pay his condolence, they are not really on good terms at work, to say the least,  they  both work in the same Law firm has senior associates,   but she feels he is just too arrogant for her liking.  Toboriola is a class action lawyer, he handles large multi-plantiff, multi-district cases, while Okiki specializes in employment law, particularly singles plaintiff race and gender discrimination lawsuits. They don't see eye to eye on things and they avoid each other as much as possible.
Atimes she wonder if the animosity between them is mutual or one sided, because she has caught him staring at her with that sexy and thoughtful eyes of his, but he always quickly mask his expression. It no news that they are both fighting for the same spot to make partner in the law firm, and they are both trying to be in the good grace of the decision making body. Win their court cases as become competition between them, they are both good and professional making the decision a tough one for the board.
She had done a lot of over time in the past seven years, pull a lot of all night ,  she is at her wit end already on what she needs to do to make partner,  And to crown it all her arch enemy has she calls him, wants to have the dream she desires, he is smart, intelligent and bless with good gene, well built with muscles in all the right places, even thinking of him now makes her toes curl with awareness, but she will never give in to the attraction she feels,  she refuse to see him as nothing else but competition.
"Oh tobori hi,  thanks for calling it really mean much to me. " she whispered, she hate sounding needy but he caught her at her weak moment.
"you are welcome,  please let me know if there is any assistant i could render ".
" will do, thank you for calling " she ended the call.
Toboriola's call took her mind off the sad mood a  bit, still pleasantly surprised that Toboriola called her, this is the first time they will talk to each other without any form of animosity, they even sounded like friends, and she slept off still pondering on the call. 
CHAPTER THREE
A WEEK LATER..... 
Okikiola, received a call from the hospital about the autopsy report, and she made an appointment with them to come over and pick it.  She met with the same Doctor she saw the last she was at the hospital to identfy her father's body.
"Good afternoon Ms, am sorry again for your loss. The autopsy report is out like you asked for and I must tell you that it not the fire incident that claimed your father's life. Am sorry to tell you that your father was murdered by all indication, his neck was broken by something or someone" he stated, his eyes boring deep into hers.
She was not that shock to hear it, because she has been having an intuition that something did not add up. "I guess I suspected something did not fit in before, now I know for sure" 
"I am sure you will want to involve the police, this hospital will give you the full support you need" he gently told her.
"I really appreciate this , and yes my father's murder will not go unpunished. I just want to bury him first and be done with it"  she explained. "Thank you Doctor, you will be hearing from me". She extended her hands in hand shake before leaving his office, walking to where she parked her Car.
A part of Kiki that did not want to believe that her father could be killed in such a horrible way even after seeing the autopsy report.  I mean what could be the reason for such a gruesome death, he may not be the best husband or father, but he is definitely not a bad person. She kept the report in her car safe and decided to face the funeral preparation squarely,  she made up her mind not to dwell on it or do anything about the report until the dead is buried. 
Then she will personally see to it that Justice is served, one way or the other the people involved will be dealt with.
Her father 's family surprisingly responded well,  and she realised that it was her father that actually kept the family at arms length not because they offended him but he drift a way due to the nature of his job,   they tried reaching out but he was always busy,  with time they all got tired of waiting, hoping that one day he will change and that day never came to be. 
Okikiola,  grieved afresh with what she got to know about her fathers family now the job that took him away from everybody is what actually killed  him, he did not even have any social life that she is aware of,  she strongly believe the incident that claimed his life  could be traced to his work. 
The Funeral week rolled in and Okiki was very busy with plans of organizing a befitting burial for her father, she was giving a month off work ,  receiving condolence visit from her fathers colleagues , and friends that he has abandoned for ages. Her father colleagues ask her to come for her father's belonging when she is ready.
The day of the burial dawn, she soldier on , some of her colleagues and friends at work showed up as well.  She could not even recognise some other people that showed up, it was all like a blur to her, she just wants everything to be over with. 
The people started dispersing from the burial site after the burial rites, she was just expressing her heart felt gratitude to her colleagues when she noticed , three black SUV drove into the burial site , the car as the Federal Government plates number on them,  she watched as Some  men in dark shades jumped out from the cars, men she can only assume to be bodyguards.  A Tall huge man in a Brown Safari stepped out from the car,  has he approches ,she felt as if she has met him before, but could just not place his face. 
"Am so sorry for your loss please accept my condolence "
"Thank you very much Sir "  kiki shooked his hands 
"Your father is a good man, Please do not hesistate to reach me if you need any help,  and please accept my condolence"  he signaled to one of his securities , who extended an envelope to her as the man himself turned to leave. 
"Excuse me please, pardon me Sir I did not catch your name" she asked.
"Oh am sorry my dear, I am not used to introducing myself often, I am Senator Adebanjo William" he replied, smiling big and wide. Okikiola felt irritated  with the way he was smiling but kept her emotions in check, something just seem off about him. She thanked him again before he left with his entourage.
The cars left simultaneouly the way they came with the siren blaring,  one of her friends at work Catherine  ,walked with her to the waiting car that will take her home.
"wow,  i never knew your Father was that popular,  i mean a whole Senator coming for his burial, that is just so cool " she asked, her eyes gleaming with mischieve.
"I never knew as well " kiki murmured back,  but she was really thinking of how stupid and shallow minded Catherine sounded at the moment,   she cannot just see anything cool like she put it,  in everything that is happening. What is cool in her father's murder and burial.
In the Car she opened the envelope given to her by the senator and saw that it was full of 1000 naira notes,  buddled in three packs, a complimentary card was inserted in between the cash and when she checked it,  boldly written on it was Senator Williams Adebanjo. She was baffled , how did her father know him, is it work related?
She could not Shake off the uneasy feeling she felt when she saw the senator,  but she later dismissed as just funeral  stress. 
**************************
CAROLINE was almost caught by Senator Adebanjo at the funeral,   she went there as well,  in other to  gather more evidence and information,  also find means of reaching the late Professor's daughter,   but she was in  disguise,  she was watching a little afar from the gathered crowd, when the Senator drove in. 
She his herself further among the parked cars, caught the whole scenerio on her camera before leaving after the cemetery became deserted  , planning on another way to get across to the young lady. Ever since her boss sent the mail concerning the Professor's death to her , their suspicion that the senator is involved and it was not just an accident, she has been on the trail of the senator trying to see how she can connect the dot. 
She watched has Okikiola drove away in her Car,  and decided to find another way in getting across to her, she needs to thread with caution.                            
OKIKIOLA ran the lipgloss across her lips,  has she glanced at her self in the mirror for the last time,  it being days of reflection and assesment for her and she is resuming back to work better and more determined in solving her father's murder case.  After having deep conversation with herself she decides that going to the police will just be a waste of time on her part, as usual they will say they are working on it when they are actually not doing anything. Has a lawyer she understands perfectly how the system works, so it better to just do the investigation on her on terms.
Her plan for the day is to first get to her law Firm, before going to the Research Institute and collect her father's personal effects.  She grabbed her court briefcase and a matching black saint Lauren hand bag, to compliment the black short sleeve knee length gown that she is wearing. Baba was still cleaning the Car when she came out. 
"Baba,  you are still cleaning? , please am in a hurry just leave it"  she did not want to resume late after staying at home for a month, the last thing she needs is for her competitor to gain more grounds than he already does with her absence. 
"I'm through ma"  he replied,  as he rushed to clean the mirrors.
Kiki collected the Car key from him,  " i may be a little late  coming home today, so don't worry about me "  
"Okay ma "
She drove off and head to work, this is the first time she will be going this late to work in a long while,  she loves what she does, She won yet another  case the night her father died, and she was super excited to share it with him.  She is a force to reckon with in the courtroom. She remembered calling him at work that evening and he sounded excited as well muttering something about a huge breakthrough and how he will now have more time for her,  she could not share her news as he promised to come home early so that they can talk. She sighed with sadness as she remembers that night , and quickly switched on the radio. The voice of the newscaster filled the vacuum inside the Car, as she nagivates through the city of Abuja.
The Martins & Richards law Firm is located along Garki area in the big FCT. 
She parked her Car in the space allocated for her, part of the perks of being a senior associate in the law firm, she walked into the elevator,  the door of the elevator was about to close when a hand stretched inside preventing it from closing.  Toboriola sauntered in. 
'Just my lucky day '  Kiki muttered to herself, she was surprised he didn't show up for the burial,, but what did she expect it not like they are buddies or anything. She felt it the least he could have done as a colleague, but it only show he did not want the animosity to end.  She tried to ignore him like she usually does, but it like the man is just taking all the space and little air inside the elevator. 
'Good morning kiki, how are you holding up? Am so sorry I could not come for his burial but I was not sure you will want me there" he tried to explain. Staring at her. He sounded as if he was genuine in his apology.
Okikiola realised that he was geniuely interested in her welfare, and felt more like a scum about how she has being behaving,  truth be told she cannot really pinpoint why she never really liked him Apart from the fact that he his competition and very good at what he does, and it not a crime the last time she checked.
Now he is being courteous and here she is acting like a jerk more or less with her cold attitude..
She looked him straight in the eyes and thanked him, with a small smiling cracking her face.
Toboriola was dazzled by her smile, he has never received that gesture from her before, she is more or less always scowling at him, whenever their gaze meets at work, and he has tried to stay clear from her, especially now that the fight for becoming partner is now getting more intense, the little smile makes her look even more breath taking than before.
"Wow, that smile all for me, today is going to be a good day, have never seen you smile like this before and it is definitely captivating".
The elevator pinged and opened their floor .  They both stepped out and walked to their respective offices.  Kiki was about to turn to her office, when Tobori called her, "Kiki, sorry wait up. Will it be alright if i take you to lunch today that is if you don't have anything planned"  he asked her.
" I Am sorry, but i have other plans". She said .
"ok take care now"
And they both depart.
Kiki wondered what his motive could be for the invitation,  she refuse to fall for his charms , it must be one of his many tricks to win her over, she muttered has she entered her office.
***********
Okikiola was so engrossed with catching up on all the case files on her desk that she almost missed lunch, it was her secretary that came in to remind hero of her plans.  She quickly picked her handbag and rushed out of the building , she drove straight to the research institute and signed in.
Her father's personal effects hwhichen packed already, she signed for it and left with the boxes,  she was just closing the booth of her car, when a young man approached her.
"I am sorry for your loss ma'am, i know your father and he was a good man"
"Thank you very much" she replied 
"please can i talk to you in private ,need to tell you something,  i hope am not putting myself in trouble by saying it"  he whispered .
She was wondering what he could want to tell her.
"Ok Sir, am listening and you won't be in trouble i promise"
He looked around consciously, before answering.
"On the day your father died, i was the cleaner on shift that day i was just rounding off , but because have not cleaned your fathers office i had to wait, he had a meeting with one well known senator and it not that i was eavesdropping but i was close by, i couldn't hear what they said but i know the man was angry by the time he left , and as fate will have it one of the cleaners begged me to do his shift in the night because he couldn't come for his wife was in labour.
So i came in for night shift again, before resuming i quickly went out for a smoke, when i saw some men dragging your father out of the building , and the night securities at the entrance were no where to be found, i hide so they won't see me, but one of the men looks a lot like one of  the senator's bodyguard that followed him earlier that day"
The rate at which blood was pumping to her heart was alarming, goose bump raised all over her skin, she couldn't tell if she was angry or scared or sad with the information she just got, her emotions were like a whiplash.
"please am begging you, be very careful, that is why am telling you, your father is a very good man especially to me, he even plan in helping me to secure a good job after i told him am a graduate, but because there is no job that was why i started  this cleaning job. So am sad too. This people are dangerous "
"Thank you very much for the information, and i will be careful, please take my card and let me have your contact details, I will be needing you to testify very soon"
"Testify? Please don't put me in trouble I just told you because my conscience will not allow me be, I don't want to be involved", he replied.
" But you are involved by witnessing it, please don't be afraid. Just promise me that you will think about it, please? and don't tell anyone else". She gave him her card, before entering her car. She sat down inside the car, trying to process everything the young man told her, but it still does not make sense. She pray her father is not involved in any shady dealings, because that will mean he did something terrible that deserves death. She knew she is way in over her heads, if she is going to build a case against the murders she needs solid evidence and witnesses, if the Senator is somehow involved like she feared, then it going to be more tough bringing a serving Senator to justice.
CHAPTER FOUR
SENATOR ADEBANJO LEANED AGAINST THE GLASS WINDOW PANE OF HIS OFFICE FACING OUTSIDE, he loves staring outside especially when he is less busy with work and when he needs to just clear his head and strategize. Since the day of the burial, that he has set his eyes on the Professor's daughter he could not help but admit that she is a beautiful woman.  It not a bad idea if he has two beautiful women in his life to take care of his needs. He groan with lust as he thought of having them all to himself.
He never knew the professor had such a beautiful daughter, He smiled as he picture her face again. "it won't be a bad idea if i have her for myself, All that beautiful package for me" he chuckled, his eyes twinkling with excitement.
The little research he did on her, he got to know that she is a lawyer. Despite that fact he still wants her.
He hoped she will call him very soon, atleast if not for anything but to thank him for coming to her father's funeral and that is why he gave her the card, so she can call him and through that get to know her better. 
"Am sure she will call soon, she has to"
He is already getting agigated , and he hates it when he gets like that over a woman, but he can't seems to get her off his mind.
The intercom brought him out of his deep thought, " hello, what is it"  he demanded from his secretary,  "Sorry to disturb you Sir, but Caroline is here to see you "
"oh, okay let her in and hold off all my appointment for now"  he disconnect the call, and went back to his seat. He does not like distraction anytime Caroline is around, that lady is a handle.
The door opened and Caro breezed in, looking extra sensational in her body hugging jeans and Polo T-Shirt, completing it with a black loubotine heels. 
"Hi, darling how have missed you sugar"  she moved round the table to sit on his laps and  kiss him hungrily, he kissed her back with the same intensity. He gripped the back of her head and stick his tongue deep into her throat, she has perfected the art of switching off from who she is to who she pretend to be, moaning in fake lust. He promptly removed her shirt dragging it from her body, he buried his face between her cleavage groaning with list, before dragging her jean off , he quickly insert protection before roughly entering her, it all lasted for two minutes before he jerked off.
"Oh Caroline you will be the death of me" he sighed with contentment before quickly adjusting his cloth. She batted her lashes at him seductively and dressed up as well.  She knew he will never last more than two minutes, he never dies but he likes to think he is a tiger between the sheets, so she feeds his ego more.
"How are you darling, i was not expecting to see you today, but it is a nice surprise"   he quickly added when he saw that she was already pouting.
"It because i missed you, and you have been telling me you are busy, i hope you are not getting tired of me already"  she peaked at him under her eyelashes.
"Ofcourse not, have just been busy baby and i promised to make it up to you"  he told her.
Coming to his office was a well planned move on her part, she knew the attention span if the Senator is not that long, in fact she is the longest serving mistress, the pressure to deliver something , anything to start nailing his coffin is getting stronger from her boss.
"Oh sugar, you are so bad"  she whispered seductively in a lazy drawl .  The senator was busy trying to put some resemblance of order back to his office
He smiled ridiculously, it is only Caro that always gives him this feeling for being a superman any time she comes around, and this time is no different. The thought of okikiola was forgotten for the moment. He entered the enclosed conveinience room in his office to clean up.
Caro quickly start searching through his Files for clues , she opened his daily plans and saw that he has an appointment with some foreign investors Later in the week , she quickly note down the time and place . She quickly finished dressing up , so when the senator came out she was already done and ready to leave.
"baby, i need to go now so that you can concentrate on work , will i see you again tonight?"
"Am not sure , i will be busy tonight but if am done early i may call you, so don't travel back to lagos today"  he told her.
"Ok darling see you soon" she  blowing him a kiss at the door.
OKIKIOLA  Secretary called to  remind her of the appointment she has within Court house concerning a case she is working on as she was heading back to Office. As much as she enjoys her work , today is just not going well like she wants. The  thoughts of her father's death consumes her, she is not referred to as the ice princess for nothing, it because she is always in control of her emotions , never giving anything away. "Oh thank you, i will just head there now" She changed the direction of her car and head towards the court house. 
By the time she got to the court house her resolve to bring the perpetrators to justice is stronger than ever, she needs to start gathering evidence anything she can find to build a solid case .  She refused to just wallow in sadness and worry that is not who she is, and if at the end of it all the senator is involved then she will nail him too.
It was around 3:30pm by the time she left the courthouse angry, when the other party involved did not show up on time, the case was later adjourned. It with that foul mood that she got back to her office. She was just sitting down when her boss called her for a meeting.  Toboriola was already in the room, chatting and laughing with the man. It obvious to her that they are buddies, if for one seconds they thought she can be hoodwinked by giving him that position they are dead wrong.
She glared at them as they continue talking oblivious of her presence by the door, it was Tobori that first saw her, " hey we've been waiting for you" he told her.  "Hnmm I can see that, well am here now"  she replied . She knew she has overreacted the moment she replied him, he was baffled at least he thought they have reached a place where they can be civil to each other . "Am sorry I sounded condescending just now" she said .
"Now children stop fighting, I did not call you here for that." Their boss stated amusingly. "I called you both here because we are about to handle one of the biggest case, and I want you to work together and bring it to this firm, meet up with the client representative and do all you can to seal the deal. I understand that this case is leaning towards Toboriola's speciality but I want your expertise on this as well Okiki" he told them.
" Sir, but.." Okiki tried to wiggle herself out of it.
"No but young lady, this firm needs this, OK? So work together and make it happen, I need update on it as soon as possible" . Mr Ayinde, stated.
He left them in the board room to figure out their issues, she waited for him to leave and be out of earshot before all hell let loose.
"You know what I retrieve back my apologize, I don't know what is going on here but whatever it is I am telling you upfront now that Partner position is going to be mine" she fumed.
Toboriola just continue to look at her, like she has suddenly sprout horn on her heads. "OK then, now that you have gotten everything off your chest, can we get to work? Am sure you will want to know what the big deal about this case is about , right?" He asked grinning.
"Fine let's see what you have gathered" she replied. It apparent this day is not a good one for her.
"Well first of all before we start, take your sit, then I will bring you up to date"  he told her, smiling big and wide. It sets Okiki off even more. "Please don't talk to me as if am your Child OK? Just do you "  she replied , wiping the grin off his face. His eyes bore into hers looking ferocious.
"I know we are not the biggest fan of each other, I get it. But I don't appreciate this one bit. Am only trying to create an environment that is conducive for both of us to work together, mutual respect for each other, no alterior motive intended. But it's as if you are spoiling for a fight and frankly I don't know why, and am sure this anger is not intended for me, so try to direct it to the right place" he responded coldly.
Okikiola teared up at what he said, she winced as the tears rolled down. She turned her back, facing away from him, but the quacking shoulder gave her away. Toboriola was shocked to see the ice queen crying, he was rendered speechless by the sight before him.
He left his seat and slowly walked to her, turning her around to face him, her eyes appearing red. He did not even think about it, he just draw her into his arms, fresh tears wracking her body.
"Ssh,it okay. Everything will be fine please just stop crying" he pacify her. He could only imagine that she is grieving her father's loss. He waited for her to calm down, before he gently stared her to a Chair. 
"Am sorry for get your Suit wet, will dry clean it for you" she said with hiccup.
"Nah it alright, besides it not everyday a beautiful lady cry on my shoulders" replied, eyes twinkling.
She smiled slowly, "still am sorry, it been a crazy day, I guess I just lost it. I am sorry for lashing at you" 
"Wow see that beautiful smile all for me?,  you are forgiven. Do you want to share how your day went with me, I promise I am a good listener" he smiled to encourage her.
It been long since she shared what she is going through with a man. Before she knows it she was telling him what the young man she met earlier told her, coupled with everything that has being going on. He listened with rapt attention, not interrupting her, until he is sure she is done.
"Mehn that is crazy, now I can understand , it must have been really tough on you, so what's your plan? Because you need to thread carefully with men like that and you need all the help you can get, trust me" , he stated.
"I just want to gather enough evidence and investigate him, I don't even know where to start" she muttered.
"You are right you need to first investigate, that means you need a private detective to do the job for you, and gather evidence to send him to prison. You can count on me for anything Kiki, I promise I will help you solve this mystery behind your father's death" he promised solemnly.
She was surprised to hear such from him, "Am grateful and I will put it in mind, now let's discuss the big case". She replied him feeling much calmer and relax.
It like a truce has been reached between them and it feels good to work together without any animosity between them.
" Yes the case, It about oil exploration gone wrong, Agalu is a community that's suffering from the effects of the exploration, it has affected their farm land and water bodies. The community claimed that the Company in charge of the exploration went beyond the boundaries allocated and that is why they are affected. Now their livelyhood has been affected and they are not ready to compensate them." Toboriola explained.
"That's very serious and cruel at the same time how can they just leave them to suffer like that" kiki said.
"Exactly my point, so this is where we come in, we need to convince them to allow us to represent them and slam this Company with a law suit that they can never recover from. To do that we need to meet their representative. Which means we are going to be travelling to Bayelsa for the meeting", he told her.
Travelling? That means they are going to be together alone in a place far from Abuja? She thought within herself. " you are silent" toboriola asked her.
"Hnm yea.." She cleared her throat. "I was just trying to wrap my mind around the idea of traveling at this time for me, but sure why not?, we will go. Just let me know when so I can prepare" she replied him.
"Well it is settled then, I think we should go on time before we lose them, how does day after tomorrow sounds to you?" 
"It alright will prepare for it, I assume you will take care of our flight arrangements?"
"Yes I will do that"
"Good, can I have this file to familiarize myself more?" She asked as she stood to leave.
"Definitely" extending the file jacket to her.
"Thank you, wow is that the time?" She asked as she glanced at the wall clock, it 6:30pm already.
"Am afraid it is" he replied as they both left the boardroom, and  walked to their offices.
"See you tomorrow" toboriola call out to her, before entering his office.
"Good night tobori" she said, entering her office to pack her belongings,  She has given Vivian her Secretary, instruction to leave once it is 5pm, except she says otherwise. So she is not surprised that she has left.  She switched off her desktop, turning off the lights as she leaves, she locked the door and took the elevator down to the parking lot.
Toboriola smiled as he entered his office, that is the first time, she will call him by name. Could it be that the Ice queen is melting? He silently asked himself as he cleared his desk. He can not deny that he felt a strong attraction to Okiki, but she is always drawn in to herself. So it difficult to approach her. He loves his women attractive and intelligent and okiki tick all the boxes.
She is not only beautiful but intelligent as well, and  as much as he wants to deny it at first that he is not attracted to her, he can't do it anymore. He has had his share of women and heartbreak, his first marriage failed not because he did not put effort into it but because she is a damn liar and a cheat. He loved her but she loved money more than him, leaving him to run off with another man. The divorce was painful for him, two years of marriage ended just like that.
He is not going to make the same mistake again, so marriage is totally out of the equation but, that does not mean he will not enjoy the company of beautiful women, after all he is a man with red blood running through his veins.
He never mix business with pleasure, or date his work colleague it better not to confuse things, but okikiola seems to be defying all logic. Logic says don't mix things, hormone says I want her bad, and from the look of things his desire is ranging hot, he wonder how he will manage with her along on this journey to Bayelsa.
CHAPTER FIVE
Okikiola, has really given hiring a private investigator a deep thought, it will go a long way in giving her the necessary answer she requires, but she wonders if Tobori will know of any good one to hire. She sighed as her thoughts wandered to him, she has to admit that she felt safe in his arms earlier when he held her.  She knows he was once married before but she did not know the details behind it, just that it was a messy one for him.
She wiped her makeup off, before entering the bathroom to wash.  It was an emotional draining day for her, she dried her body with the towel before tying it around her self and step out of the bathroom.  She was just creaming her body preparing for the night when her phone rang, she quickly rummage through her bag to answer it.  The number flashing on the screen looks so familiar, she must have seen it so where before, she answered regardless. 
"Hello this is okikiola speaking, who am I speaking with please?"  She asked.
"Toboriola speaking"  his husky voice feeling her ear. She was not expecting his call.
"Hello, are you there?" He asked , "Yes I am here, sorry I went silent on you, was just surprised" she replied him.
"It's okay, just checking to hear how you are doing. Hope you are feeling much better?" He asked. "Yea am much better, thanks for asking. See you tomorrow" she replied before ending the call. She gazed at the phone in her hand as if she could see his face on it, smiling sheepishly. He sounds like he cares and it feels good.
The next morning, she shared the elevator with Toboriola again as she was going to her office, he held the door open for her, smiling as he saw her.  "Good morning to you " she could not resist smiling back, it as if something is pulling her to him. "Good morning to you too" .
"You know you have a beautiful smile" he stated. It a cheesy line but she still found it endearing sort of, coming from him. The elevator opened and they both stepped out.  She decided to visit Toboriola in his office to see if he can recommend good private investigator for her.
Toboriola was surprised to see okikiola in his office,  "wow what a pleasant surprise, all in A days work, today must be my lucky day and to what do i owe this visitation"  he jovially ask her. She had everything planned , the way she wants to ask him for help but now it felt embarrassing to even do so. She wondered why she came in the first place, feeling self conscious
"Err..you know what, never mind" she said has she quickly beat a hasty retreat out of his office.
Toboriola knew it must be something important that made her to come to his office in the first place, and he intends to find out what it was, he stopped her before she could leave his office.
"Wait up okiki" he called after her.
She stopped reluctantly, knowing that he will not let her go that easily, "really it nothing"
"Well I beg to differ, if you came into my office , am sure it because of something important, or do you want me to assume it to see my handsome face"  , he added flirting with her.
"herr..i  was hoping you will know a Private Investigator that I can hire concerning what we talked about yesterday"  she explained reluctantly.  
"Ok that's not a problem i will see what I can do about it and get back to you, give me some time and let me contact some of my friends in the Federal Police Department" alright?" We need someone we can trust.  "Alright, i appreciate it" . she replied. "Have made arrangement for tomorrow we will leave by 9am so we can get there on time" he told her.
"That's fine by me, let me leave you to work" . She said as she left him.
He smiled  at her retreating back as she left his office, it good to see her get more comfortable around him. It must have taken a lot of convincing on herself, before she could approach him for help, he never thought a day will come when she will ask him for help. He put a call through to some of his friends in the FPD that owes him favors concerning Okikiola's matter.
VIVIAN, OKiki's  Secretary is one person that gets her, she can be a bit nosy sometimes, like now. She enters okiki's office, her lips twitching an obvious sign that she wants to say something, she gets all the latest gist from her.
"OK spill it, because you are creeping me out the way you are staring at me" she sighed tiredly.
"What? I don't know what you mean, am just here to check up on you, you know, to see if you need anything" she replied innocently.
"Since when, I know you Vivian, so spill it" she glared at her.
"OK fine, if you insist, but I just want to know if we are no more fighting with Mr Toboriola, seeing as both of you are now friends?" She said .
"God, Vivian you are something else, who is always giving you all this information? Anyway since you asked, we now understand each other better, and yes am still going to beat him to that Partner position. So you can wipe off that silly grin off your face" 
She clapped her hands with glee, like she just won a lottery. "Awwn am so happy to here that, I mean he is so hot ..hnmm he is like tall glass of chocolate, I can just gulp him up". She said dreamily. She is simply a hopeless romantic.
" Need I remind you that you are a married woman, and what has my burying the hatchet with toboriola got to do with his looks" she demanded.
"It nothing, am just trying to say, he is single, you are single? And you may hate each other because subconsciously you are attracted to each other?" She stated.
"That's it please leave my office and get back to work, and don't forget to clear my calendar for tomorrow",  " fine am going boss lady" . she chuckled good humourosly and left her to work.
She has a way about her, that makes her feel relaxed, even if she is chatty.  Okiki asked herself if what she said about being attracted to Toboriola is true. Could it be possible that she is attracted to him? , "oh God Vivian with her weird theories, why am I even entertaining this thoughts?" She muttered to herself, focusing back on the Agalu Community file.
********
"Kindly put on your sit belts everybody" the flight attendant voice boomed in the plane, Okikiola smoothens her pantsuits before clipping on the belt, as the plane gain speed. There flight to Bayelsa was delayed for an hour, before they could board the plane, due to some weather report. Okikiola does not enjoy local flight one bit, they always end up doing things that will infuriate you one way or the other.  Apparently today is not going to be different. 
"Finally" she muttered to her self,  "Sorry did you say something?" Tobori asked her, as he put on his own sit belt.  "Nothing" she replied, as she  opens her tablet . She needs something to focus on, to distract herself from staring at Toboriola who is sitted besides her.  The blue TM shirt he wore moulds to his sexy body, she almost groan outloud. She can't believe she just thought of him as sexy, Something must be getting seriously wrong with her. 
She stuck her nose further into the tablet, but after she has read one line of the eBook she was reading five times , she gave it up. "You are not reading again?, thought you are enjoying your read" he asked, his eyes twinkling. "Why do I feel like you are mocking me just now?" , she demanded. "Nah  me mock you? I will never dream of it my lady, I just feel you are using it as a mechanism to ignore me" , he stated.  "Well am not ignoring you" she replied.
"Good, now that we have gotten that out of the way, I made some calls and meet up with my contact in FDP, who also happens to be a good friend of mine, so you can be assured that what am telling you is legit and top secret" his voice getting octave lower, "He said their eyes is already on the Senator, because I shared your suspicion with him, and he said they have a team on it already but they are yet to have enough evidence to knock him down, and apparently this came at the right time, he will like to meet up with you and hear things directly from you" he explained.
She was amazed that he really took her matter very serious to go that length for him, "That was very fast, i'm speechless right now. Thank you so much it means a lot to me" she told him. "It alright, am glad I could be of help, once we get back from bayelsa , I will arrange for you to meet with him, so you can discuss" he explained. "OK then, thank you" , she smiled genuinely at him for the first time, looking at him with adoration.  "Wow you are really beautiful you know that right? When you smile your eyes light up, you should do that often. I might just get used to it" he chuckled .
She ducked her head, stealing a peak at him from under her eyelashes, "well thank you" , she whispered her voice getting throaty, she felt self-conscious at the way he was smiling at her, making her feel like they are the only one on the plane.  Her heart beating a mile per minute, she has never feel like this for any man, she has had her share of relationships,  she get bored of them easily and after some months she always end it. This feeling is foreign to her, and she is not sure of how to explain the sudden attraction she is feeling for him right now.   
Or may be it because she is greatful for his help, she is a bit confused. "Now what are you thinking, looking so serious" he asked her, looking at her like he can get the answer by staring at her. "It nothing in particular, just thinking about the meeting we are having" she explained. "Hnmm OK, I am sure we are going to nail this deal." 
One of the Agalu representative came to pick them at the airport as they arrived. "It good to see you, I hope you had a smooth flight. I'm Godwin personal assistant to the Local government  Chairman" he said as they shake hands. "It nice to meet you, am Toboriola and this is Ms Okikiola, it kind of you to come and take us" Tobori answered him. "This way please" he  lead them to the waiting Car, that will carry them to meet with the Chairman.
She has never been to this part of the country before, she stared outside as the moving Car navigates through the City, it a beautiful sight to behold. Toboriola glanced at her, as she soak in the sights, it obvious she is enjoying the sight, he wish they could have time to do a little sight seeing before they leave.
The Chairman is a middle aged man, he smiled as they were ushered in to his office, "Welcome, please have your sits" he gestured to the Chair in front of him.  "They murmured their thanks, as they both have their sit. " I was Surprised when I was contacted by your firm to represent the Agalu Community, I mean your credibility precedes you" he stated.
Okikiola allowed Toboriola to do the talking, "We are glad to hear that and we will be glad to represent your people and you can take it to the bank that it will be won in your favor" 
He laughed boisterously, "I like you, you did not even waste anytime before pitching your firm , but before I make any decision I will like you to visit this community and then we can talk, that means you will not be able to return back to Abuja like you planned, but be rest assured that I will take care of your accommodation" he told them. 
Toboriola consults her and she gave her consent, not really seeing anyway out of it, besides she will love to explore the area. "Sure we will stay, so when are we going" , "right away,  give me some minutes to put things in place" he said.
The Community is even more affected than a think, they met with the community leader who showed them around, fishing is the main source of income for them, and they can't even do that as the Oil exploration affects the water bodies.  
The Man treats them to bowls of pepper soup and palm wine, insisting that it a tradition for them to treat visitors well, Okikiola has never had so much fun just hanging out with the locals and enjoying herself like she did. The driver came to pick them up in the evening, to take them to the hotel they will stay in the city. They left after assuring the community leader that if their firm should represent them they will make sure they are well compensated .
Okikiola has never tasted palmwine before, or any alcohol for that matter,  She only drank some out of the palm wine after the man toothless palm wine tapper promised her that taking a little will not affects her that much. Since she did not want to appear stuck up by refusing their host , she agreed. Then she took a little more, and now she is a bit tipsy. She giggled like a little girl as they were giving their room keys. "What's funny princess, care to share?" He asked, "Nothing am just so happy" she replied. "Am glad you are enjoying yourself, but I guess you are a little tipsy" he told her as he helped her to open her suites. 
"No am not" she stated emphatically, stamping her feet on the floor like a little girl.  He gave her who are you kidding look. "OK fine may be a little, but it your fault" she told him pouting. "How is that my fault, princess?" He asked as they both entered her room. " You knew palm wine alcohol levels are high and you allowed me to drink it, you are a naughty man" she told him, wiggling her fingers at him.
"If I knew you can't handle alcohol, I will not allow you to take it I promise. Just sit here and let me get you something to take it out of your system" he replied her, as he stirred her to sit on the bed. "But am fine really" she smiled at him, not realizing how seductive she looked with her eyes looking half cast, she had already taken her jacket off, leaving her only in her white sleeveless inner wear.  "Please don't look at me like that, if you don't want me to show you the outcome" he whispered throatily.  "How am I looking at you" she whispered back. "Like you want me" he said. "What if I do want you? Will it be bad?" , she asked him, looking at him with eyes now filled with longing.
TOBORIOLA took in the way she lay sprawled on the bed, legs spread, wearing a thin white tank. Her toenails were sizzling red. He decided concentrating on her toes was a better idea than her legs, or the way the tank fit, or ... anything else.  "It won't be bad at all, but you are not full alert right now"  he stated again. Even as he draws near to her, bending over her. He supports his weight with his arms placed on each side of her head.
"Why don't you find out if I am drunk or not" she whispered. He lowered his head and kissed her, his lips brushing hers. She returned the kiss, letting her mouth open just slightly because she liked the feel of their breath mingling. He sighed in defeat, hoping he will not regret this after, as he crushed his lips to hers. 
He made an inarticulate sound and deepened the kiss, pulling her body to his.  Time stopped moving for her and the only thing her consciousness registered was the feel of his lips on hers and his hard body so close. Her lips felt warm and soft, and any resistant he might be feeling flew right out of the window, as she claps her arms tight around him. She moaned with pleasure, it being long since she feel this way. He could not seem to get enough of her, the ice princess is all warmth and fire.  He nudged her thighs apart and settle himself in between, she groaned as his hips came in contact with hers, and she felt his growing arousal seeking entrance. 
She adjusts to find the release she seeks, her whole body on fire. But Toboriola pulled her just before she can get comfortable.
When he pulled back, they were both breathing a little heavily.
"I will..uhn get that drug for you now, please excuse me" he said before running out of the room.  What? Really , just when things are getting heated up. She groaned in frustration, the effect of the alcohol already clearing from her system. How could she have behaved like such a wanton fool? She can hardly recognized herself. As much as she will like to blame it all on the alcohol. She knew a part of her desires him, and if his arousal means anything, it shows he wants her too. But he was sensible enough to put an end to it.
She could not look at him when he came back with the aspirin , so that she will not have terrible headache in the morning, silently she took the pills and bottled water from him, swallowed it, and thank him, before lying down facing away from him. He cleared his to call her attention but she won't budge. "Urm I will be in my room if you need any else" he said. Feeling even more stupid after he uttered it. 
"Yea, thank you, I will call room service. Good night" She replied. She heard him muttered something but was too embarrassed to ask him. He quietly left her room. She sets alarm with her phone so she will not over sleep .
Toboriola could not sleep, he was just tossing and turning. It definitely not because the bed is not comfortable enough, because it is. The hotel is one of the best in the city and they lack nothing, the chairman made sure they had the best royal treatment. He groaned in frustration as he thought of her soft lips and warm body. It was as if she was somebody else, more free and enchanting, it a side of her that he could not resist. "But you did",  a part of him mocked him,   He curse himself silently for his morality, but he knows it will be a different story in the morning.
He prefer his women awake and very much aware, there will definitely be a next time, and if she thinks for one second that they can go back to ignoring each other, she has something else coming. He sauntered to the bathroom to have cold shower for the second time.
OKIKIOLA was grateful that she woke up without having an hangover, thanks to the drug Toboriola brought for her last night, " oh God, what a night" she muttered as she reflect on how she made a royal fool of herself, it was just so out of character for her. She does not know how she will face him this morning or any other morning for that matter.  She sigh, dragging herself out of bed to the bathroom. By the time she emerged from the bathroom she was feeling more like herself, the cool water does wonders for her body.
She is Okikiola and she hides from nobody. She ironed the black pant trouser she wore yesterday to remove wrinkles on it, and pulled on the new white TM Tshirt that she bought yesterday with a new pair of underwear, since she did not prepare to sleep over. Thank God she always carries some of her toiletries in her bag.
It only took her five minutes, as she quickly do her eyebrows and put on a red lipstick,  she smiled at her look, this is a woman that is sure of herself. Quickly brushing her hair, she put back on her earnings. She was just putting on her heels when  someone knocked on her room door, she could only imagine that it is Toboriola, squaring up her shoulders she walked to answer the door. 
She opened the door as Tobori was about to knock again, he stopped midway , "good morning , hope you slept well? Let me just get my bag and we can leave" she told him, a little bit flustered to still see him standing nice and tall at her door step, he has also changed to a new black T-shirt,  leaving him at the door to pick up her hand bag lying on the bed. She bumped into him as she turned around, not knowing when he left the door, "why did you creep up on me like that Toboriola"  she asked , her heart beating quickly. 
"Please , let's go" her attempt to leave was halted, he draw her back , "slow down a bit princess" he whimpered, holding her still, "I don't know what you..." , that's all she said before his lips descends on hers,  he took his damn time, as he thoroughly kissed her before releasing her lips
She stared at him, not sure of what just happened. "Now that is how you say a proper good morning, and yes what happened yesterday, or almost happened between us meant something to me, and I will like to explore it" he stated calmly.  "Wait minute, arrogant much? How can you just kissed me like that and assume things without considering me in this, for your information nothing is happening and yesterday was just a lapse in judgment on my part, so you can stop this thing" she told him.  "Fine if that's how you want to play it but I warn you, I will not let you go easily, so prepared to be wooed" he replied her, face beaming with light.
They had breakfast with the Chairman, and he finally accept to let their firm to represent the Agalu Community, but not before inviting them to come for vacation, when the whole ordeal is over.  They thanked him for his hospitality and his driver took them to the airport before they missed their flights.  Toboriola allowed her be, she needs time to accept his challenge and knowing how stubborn she is, she will not give in easily even if she is attracted to him.
CHAPTER SIX
"Who does he thinks he is, Mr irresistible? Ah, irresistible my foot"  Okikiola said to no one in particular, but Vivian heard her as she enters to give her the file she asked for, she has been in foul mood since they got back from their visit to Agalu , two days ago. Her thoughts keeps taunting her, and the object of her annoyance seems not to be bothered one bit, giving her that silly grin of his, like he is up to no good.
"Are okay? Who are you calling irresistible?" Vivian asked, curious as usual. But Okikiola is just not in the mood, "What! Can't you just mind your goddamn business and let me be? You and that arrogant Tobori deserves each other, always pushing and pushing. We had a kiss so what?" She glared at Vivian.  Vivian knew when to stay the heck out of her way when she is in her element like this. "Am sorry boss, I will just leave this here and you can call me when you need me" about to retreat, "I am sorry Viv, I didn't mean to shout at you, or take out my frustration on you. It just that Tobori is getting on my nerve, he had this idea that we are going to be in relationship, imagine?" She exclaimed.  "Hnmm, I wonder where and how he got the idea from" Vivian replied her.
"Please don't mock me, whose sides are you on" she glared at her. "Of course it your side, but let me say this before you kill me, don't you think you are making this issue more than it is? I mean what's the harm in going out on a date with him, and that way you can be sure that there is no spark between you right?" She gently told her.  "Please get me the other file case" okiki told her, not ready to talk about Tobori again. "Fine am leaving, but think about it" she said before retreating.
Okikiola checked her wristwatch to confirm that it is indeed lunch time, where did the time go? She was just closing her laptop when Toboriola strolled in,  in all his glory, looking dapper in his grey suit. "Hello princess, ready for lunch?" He asked, "Am not hungry thank you" she replied, knowing she sounded like a child, but she is starting to feel harassed.  "Well to put your mind at ease, we are going to be meeting my FDP guy, So are you ready or not?", He asked.
" oh I didn't know, I guess I can do lunch" she followed him out, not answering the knowing look Vivian was giving them as they walked past her. "Am going for a business lunch, I may be a tad late" she her.
She went to where her Car was parked, but Tobori stopped her, "Why don't you come in my car,  since we are going to the same place" he told her.  She did not want to appear ungrateful for his efforts, "Alright then let's go" , he opens his Car door for her.  She loves the smell of the Jeep, the leather sit is supple and firm.  He quickly jumped in, and drive out of the parking lot. He didn't tell her where they are having lunch, she imagined it will be one of the eateries that is not too far from their office, but it was not.
After driving for close to fifteen minutes, he drove into a eatery that is far removed from the prying eyes, she has never seen the place before. It's a classy restaurant and their table was at the extreme corner, it obvious that this is not the first time for him.  They were about to order for their meal , when a tall dark good looking man around the age of Toboriola with a very beautiful lady joined them at their table. "Hope we did not kept you waiting, Tobori my man how are you? " they shake hands, before he turned to her, "hello, please pardon my manners beautiful lady, you must be Okikiola, I am Charles and this is my colleague Alexandra" he said with boyish charm, "hello, yes am Okikiola, it nice to meet you detectives" she replied.  He smiled at her use of their ranks, she is more uptight than what Tobori told him, but she is beautiful.
They all sat down , "So let's get down to business because Alexandra here can't stay for long, Tobori told me your suspicion and I promise that we will look into it, because it will even help in our very own investigation. We just need something solid to tie him to, and from what Tobori told me it seems we may just have found what we are looking for. In other not to blow Alexandra cover I suggest, she will contact you, just be alert" Charles explained, all the while the other beautiful detective did not say anything.
She was on edge, it obvious she did not have time to waste. She did not even look like a Police Detective, she looks more like a fashion model, even the black T-shirt and blue denim, with trainers she was wearing looks like she just stepped out of a fashion ad, she completed the ensemble with a face cap. " I really do appreciate this, it means a lot to me and I can assure you that , whatever you need me to do I will do it" Okikiola said, addressing Alexandra. 
"I will contact you, when next we will meet, please excuse me" she replied, her voice sounds so seductive. She left them and leaves.  "Toboriola, Okiki, do enjoy your lunch, we will meet again" Charles said before beating hasty retreat after Alexandra.
"Is it me, or are they so much in a rush?" Okikiola asked, "You know how detectives are, and that lady is undercover so this place is not secure enough. If what we suspect is true then we need to thread carefully, we must not be seen together with them. She will contact you like she promised, now let's have lunch" he explained. Okikiola accepts that everything he said is true, that Senator is a dangerous man and every precaution needs to be taken, she now understand why Tobori brought them to this secluded place.
"You know you really surprised me with how much you really care" she said, while they eat. "You shouldn't be, your father's death will not be in vain" he promised, as he clasp one of her hands lying on the table in reassurance. "I mean we don't even like each other, until this events" she said, still baffled. Tobori just smiled and continue eating. "Thank you really, I am grateful" .
"It okay kiki really, how about you let me take you out for dinner tomorrow, that way we will be even?" He asked, grinning at her. "Okay then dinner tomorrow" she agreed without hesitating. "Good, tomorrow it is then" he replied, as he continues eating.
LIBERA GENTLEMEN'S Lounge is one of the top three most expensive Club in the big City of Abuja,  it is only for the who is who, the one percent of the one percent. The finest crop of the City, it is the rich men's Club.  Business deals are sealed over a glass of wine, while beautiful scandalously clad women dance on.  
The Senator is one of the elites that frequent the club, he was quickly ushered in to his corner, with their beautiful waitresses leading him on. He like having his meetings here because he enjoys their services, the foreign investors he is having meeting with, were waiting him already. He laughed boisterously as he saw them, happy that they are eager as well.
"Please pardon my lateness, one of my meetings ended late" he explained as he sat down. He flicked his hands to dismiss the waitress after the drinks were served.
"So my friends hope you had a good flight and enjoying the ambience of my country" putting emphasis on the country as if it is his personal possession.
"Yes Senator,thank you very much,  So you said you have the antidote with you already when we earlier spoke, interesting" one of the white men asked.
"yes, i do actually and it cost me alot before getting my hands on it but am sure you will come through with the end of the deal"  the senator drawled like a cat grazing in the sun, with a cunning grin on his face.
"Ofcourse, we will but before the deal is sealed and the money transfered we need to test if it will work as you said"  
"Sure, it will work but if you insist on testing it no problem"
"Very good , we have brought along someone that we will test it on, and we will monitor it once the antidote works we can proceed to the last stage of the deal."  One of the expatriate replied him.
The senator beckon to Bako, and whispered to his ears. He left , and after some minutes he returned with a small package. And securely placed inside is a syringe with a yellow-like fluid in it. The person they have brought to be tested with the vial rolled up his shirt and extended his hands to Bruno so as to be injected, he did not look like a person living with the virus.
He noticed that the senator was looking at him with amazement and told him that he has being managing the disease with drugs for the past 8years and that is why it has not progress to AIDS.  After injecting him , they toast to the success ahead and agreed to meet again once he is tested and  effect of the antidote has kicked in.
The black Sedan Car was packed some blocks away from the club, but with a good camera lens Agent Alexandra pedro aka Caroline was able to capture some images of the senator and the expatriates. As they were leaving the club.  It was well past mid night as at the time  they were leaving .
She quickly put on a black face cap  to conceal her identity and wait around for the waitress she had paid earlier to put the listening in device in the place the senator and his guests will used. The lady came out with the recorded device. And she quickly pay her the remaining balance of her money.
"here is your balance, and remember no one must know about this"
"i understand perfectly"  she replied, as she walks away into the cold night. 
***************************..
CAROLINE played the recording of the conversation between the senator and his guests, while she was preparing to settle down for the night in her apartment.
"I always know that man is involved in that professors death, now my suspicion is confirmed. This audio is another nail in his coffin, by the time i finished with him, he won't be able to wiggle out of it" she muttered to herself.  She reflects back on the meeting she had with the Professor's daughter, she seems cool may be a little too formal.
Initially she had her reservation about the meeting her boss set up, but he will only risk her coming to a public place if it not very important. Meeting Okikiola sheds more light on the case, and she is no push over either. She sets up her phone reminder , for the next door, she will meet up with her and get the information she has on her.
Alexandra replayed the audio, listening to the recording again to see if she miss anything,  she packed it back into the envelope and locked it up in her secret vault behind her wardrobe. She was just about to lie down when her work  phone rang, it was her boss her heart flutter a little,  she tries to calm her nerves before answering it. "Agent Pedro, any update? I need result, you seem to be forgetting that you are not on holiday over there" he growled, he seems to be angry with her  any time he calls this days, since she was assigned to the Senators case , for the life of her she can't lay her finger on why that is. 
She knows she is good at her job, may be too good, so why this sudden attitude.  "Am aware of that Sir,  there is a big break on the case and I am pursuing the lead Sir, I just need more time and I will be able to deliver the Senator to you, but is everything okay Boss?" She asked, "just deliver detective, forward that report. Good night and stay safe"
OKIKIOLA stared vacantly at the program running on the television, she was lost in her thoughts about all that has happened, and especially what the young man she met  told her . But the good thing there is that things are finally looking up and in the right direction thanks to all the help Tobori has rendered to her. Speaking of Tobori, she smiled at the thought of him, despite how hard she tried to be immune to his charm , she could not but accept that he is charming and that is why she had to accept the dinner date.
She switched off the television when she realised her mind was not there and went into her bedroom, she went through her wardrobe and selects one of her labeled designer gowns that she as never worn before, for the dinner the next day. She also layed out the cloth she will wear to office the next day. Going for a white pencil gown with black jacket. 
The shrill tone of the bedside clock woke her up, and relunctantly she turned over to switch it off, she groaned, still enjoying her rest, "It morning already? it feels like i just slept"  she grumbled to herself. It like all the bolt that holds her body parts together were removed, the way she was feeling.  "it like the stress of the past weeks is now finally catching up with me, oh God i seriously need a coffee" she yawned and  dragged herself out of bed, stretching her limbs  as she sauntered lazily into the bathroom, to prepare for work.
By the time she stepped out of the house into her waiting car, she already feels energized and more in her element, thanks to the effect of the coffee, "atleast am not yawning like a cat again" she smiled as she adjust her rear view mirror. She bade Baba farewell as she drove off to work.
She was just locking up her Car, when toboriola drove in, parking right beside her and making it a bit impossible for her to quickly rush in to the building. Since her chance of doing that has gone, she waited for him to lock up.
"goodmorning , she greeted him, " goodmorning to you too beautiful" toboriola grinned back, he stepped in besides her as they both head into the building. "am beginning to like seeing you in the morning , i think i might just get used to it"  he beamed at her with his super white teeth.  Okikiola just rolled her eyes at him as they stepped into the elevator. "May be you are just stalking me?"  She said , giving him a knowing look.  He beamed at her,  "so are we still on for our date this evening ? " he asked with amusement, knowing it will infurate her a little bit. " It not a date , it just dinner between friends"  she replied.  He laughed boisterously, "Keep insisting that it is not a date no problem"  , he said as they walked together to the elevator, which seems to be happening more often.  Now that they are even working together on the same case, it now very difficult to ignore  or avoid him.   
They could not go out for lunch, as they brain storm ideas together for the Agalu Community case, he is brilliant and meticulous and she find herself admiring him even more, they ordered for lunch, and continue with gathering evidence.  They both have passion for what they do, something they both have in common. She stared at him , sitted across from her  eating his snacks quietly and typing away on his laptop, okikiola was so engrossed with staring at  him, that she was caught off guard when he suddenly raised his head from the bent position, trying to work out the kinks. She quickly avert her eyes , but not before he caught her staring.
He smiled knowingly but decided not to say anything, she is already feeling embarrassed, it won't do to ruin his chances with her by embarrassing her the more.
It was past six in the evening by the time they decided to call it a day. "Is eight o clock, alright for me to pick you up?" He asked,  before she left for her office, "yes it is, I will be ready" she replied. "Okay then, see you later" he said. 
She quickly had her bath as soon as she arrived home,  the cloth she choose still layed out , so it will not wrinkle. The cowl neck black dinner gown only show a hint of her cleavage, and reached her knee in length.  It not revealing but still looks beautiful on her, hugging her curves in all the right places, she applied a nude lipstick, accentuating her full lips.  She chose a low black strappy heels, not prepared to put herself through the ordeal of wearing high heels again, because her feet aches but a promise is a promise, no matter how tired she is , she will not renegade on her promise, besides it will seem like she is scared of being alone with him.
She put on a gold wrist watch , adorning her dainty hand, she was just applying perfume on her  wrist when, her mobile phone rang , it was Toboriola that called him. She guess he must be outside waiting for her already, she glanced at her watch and saw it five minutes to eight, right on time. "Hello, Toboriola are you outside?" She asked. "Yes dear am outside" he replied. "Alright I will be out shortly" she said, and dropped her phone inside the small black clutch she carried.
He was waiting for her besides his car when she stepped outside, talking with her gate man, he could not take his eyes off her, when he saw her . Smiling with appreciation, "wow, you are beautiful" he whispered oblivious of the man besides him. "Thank you, you look good yourself" he was wearing a black Tux, looking smoking hot in it. " Shall we? " trying not to stare too much at him.
CHAPTER SEVEN
He opened the Car door for her, and helped her in. "Thank you" she said. He sauntered to his side and enter. "Do you mind if I put on the music?" He asked, as they drove out of her house, "music is good" she replied.  He turn on the music player, and Bryan Adam voice fills the air,  "didn't know you like Bryan Adams" Okikiola said, he glanced at her grinning, "like? I love his songs, do you?" He asked, "yes I do too" she answered. "Nice. See another thing we have in common" his eyes twinkling. 
The restaurant he chose is very classy and exquisite, he had already booked a table ahead for them, they were taken to their sit . She was very impressed with their services, Tobori held the chair out for her, before taking his sit too.  He is very Chivalrous , she will give it to him and he has being gentle with her, though persistent. 
Amazingly, the dinner date went smoothly and Okikiola  let down her guard and truly enjoy his company, he found herself laughing out to his jokes and childhood memories.  Unlike her, his family is a very close knit one, his parents have been married for forty years, and he is the first of three children. His two sisters are both married , and from the way he talks about them , it obvious they love each other. 
"You are really lucky, you seems to love them very much"  she said. "Yes I do, though they can be nosy sometimes" he answered , smiling. Okikiola find herself opening up also about her family, how she desires to have siblings but her mother could not get pregnant again. He was surprised to see her so vulnerable as she talks about her family. She smiled sadly at the memories of those days. He quickly lightens the mood when he noticed her sad countenance, telling her about his fun crazy days while in the university.
"Have not laughed this hard in a long time, i must tell you" she giggled with tears almost streaming down her cheek, after hearing another hilarious joke.    "am glad i could make you laugh, for i was beginning to think you just don't like me around you, i have this feeling that you have this misconception about me"  he replied her.
"Let's just say we both had our differences in the beginning,  I won't say misconception.herhad my reservation about you." she replied. 
"So you are saying if i should ask you out on a date again , you will come ? "  he grinned at her.  " Sure i will think about it".
"Wow that's good to know, guess we will be doing this again soon"  he told her with amusement. "We will see about that" she respond with a smile. 
The drive back home was relaxing,  they both settle into peaceful silence as Tobori navigates through the city to Okikiola's house.  "So any news from the lady Detective?" He asked, breaking the silence. ", nothing yet, but I am sure it will be soon" she answered.
They soon reached her place, Tobori’s eyes danced before he opened his car door and spun around the vehicle towards her. He pulled her door open and carefully guided me Okiki out of the car. "I really had a great time" he said , walking her to the door, "I had a great time too thank you" she replied, stopping to open the door.  He held her hand , stopping her from opening and going inside, "I am glad you did" he whispered as he lowered his head to kiss her , staking his claim over her lips, thoroughly kissed her. 
She saw it coming, yet sbe could not stop his lips from crashing into hers. She surrenders to his mastery, as he plays her like a piano. He slowly lifts his head, as he traced his thumb over her lips, before finally releasing her,  "Good night Okiki"  ,   " yea good night" she whispered back, as she opened the door and enter.
She leaned against the door for support, still feeling out of sort from the kiss, she faintly  heard his car drive out, she traced her lips with her finger, she can still feel his lips on her own, it feels as if her lips is just meant for his, her heart beating a mile per minute, as if they are playing rumba. She managed to drag her feet to one of the chairs and just sat down, staring dreamily into space. It official she likes him,  she sighed  and removed her shoes before carrying them along with her, into her room.
She was just removing her cloth when she  saw Tobori's call,  "hello dear, hope you have freshen up, because you look dead on your feet" he asked. He observed this earlier, that is part of the reason he did not ask her if he could come in, it will be inconsiderate to do so. "Am just about to do that, are you now at your place?" She asked. " No but about to, just need to be sure you are feeling much relaxed, will let you know once I get home" he told her before ending the call. 
They sounded so much like a couple already, with the way they are talking on the phone. She did not expect that she will enjoy their dinner date's, but she did. She smiled again fondly as she prepares for bath.  She thought it was Tobori again when her phone rang, not even noticing on time that it is a private line.
"Hello, this agent Alexandra, hope this is not a bad time?" she asked,  "Detective good evening, good to hear from you"  Okiki replied, already expecting her to contact her even before now. "I will like to see you, can we do lunch tomorrow?, will send you the details of where we are meeting shortly after I end this call" she told her,  "Tomorrow is fine" okikiola replied her. "Alright then, good night".
OKIKIOLA, smiled as she saw Tobori walked into her office, " Hello, I came to take you out for lunch" he explained. "Oh is it lunch already?, I didn't know, i was just so engrossed in  studying the Agalu community case, let me shut down my system, then we can go" , she said. "Alright am waiting then".   He waited as she shut down her laptop, and they left her office. "so what have you gotten so far, because we need to make sure that this community did not suffer for nothing" he asked as he opens his car door for her,  "I am still working on it , but it looking good for us" , "good, I trust you" he  said, as they drove to a near by restaurant,  she smiled , liking how Much he cared, could it be that she has find someone she could finally be with?
The sound of her phone tune as message enters, interrupt their conversation, and when she check it was the detective asking okiki if she can meet up with her in the next fifteen minutes, with her at a restaurant so that they can talk. 
"Is everything okay?" , he asked concerned.   "Am sorry but i need to leave, i have an appointment to meet up with that lady detective in the next fifteen minutes , please take me back to the office, will pick my car, and thank you so much for the lunch , i really enjoyed myself"   "Alright then, but I can take you to her if you want" he replies, " No don't worry, you continue to work on the case, let me sort this out ", she explained as she grabbed her bag ready to leave, he paid for their bills and they left the eatery.
It was just few minutes past the appointed meeting time when she enter the lounge area of the restaurant, they are meeting, and has she walked in , she saw her  in all black waiting for her there already. "am so sorry I was bit late, i was held up by traffic "  okikiola apologised as she stretch her hands for handshake. "oh it okay, just got here not long myself" agent Pedro aka caroline explained to her, as they both sat down.
"I am glad to hear from you" Okiki told her, "Am only sorry I couldn't reach out to you on time , was following the lead. I most say I am really happy that there is going to be a solid evidence soon" she explained. 
Okikiola told her all the information she has gathered, and what the young man she met at her father's office said, and also about the autopsy . "So that's it so far". " wow this is deep, "Interesting, i will like to talk to that guy personally, to see if he will remember another detail to what he has told you,  we need to find that guy asap and convince him to testify when the time comes.
"Do you know about the project your father was working on before his demise? , she asked. " because I strongly suspect that is what led to his death " she ask her.  "I didn't, but I  have his office belongings may be we can find something useful" she said.  " Good, I need to go now, but I will get back to you", Agent Pedro promised her, before leaving.
One of the things that impressed Agent Alexandra Pedro about Okikiola is how calm she was despite the situation, and even more so now that it most certain that her father was murdered for some reasons not yet known to them. "I need to get more evidence" she muttered to herself as she left the building.
She decided has she drove off that she will first check in on the man, that okikiola said saw something the night the professor died, and hear directly from him about what he saw that night. Senator's text  came in, asking her to come over to his place for the weekend. She really hop to spend the weekend home by herself working on the case and tying up any loose end but , now the plan is blown away by the senator's request.
She replied him back to let him know she received his message and looking forward to spending the weekend with him, even if the latter part is not true. The job is really consuming her time and this is one of the cases that she has spent a long time being undecover, it has if she is loosing sight of who she really is, and it not a good feeling. 
For the first time in a long while she really want to just be by herself, without thinking of work or anything, just a normal girl, and not the hard lady detective her colleagues think her to be.  "Am going on a long deserve vacation as soon as i round off with this case"  she mused to herself as she entered her apartment.
******************************************
"Hello beautiful, how are you doing ?  Hope you are now back home",  he asked, he was surprised that she did not come back to office, Okikiola smiled as she listens to  toboriola's husky drawl on phone,  "yes am home thank you for asking, and i enjoyed lunch too"   .   Toborila was busy doing a fist up in the air but kept is voice neutral so as not to sound too exicted . "Okay,  do have a splendid night rest and see you tomorrow.
Okikiola found herself still staring at the phone strangely long after he had drop the call,  and thought about what she is getting herself into by accepting the dates, she did not want to get confused with her feelings, now that making partner is now imminent , what if he is doing all this to make me loose my guard, she wondered, though She has not  being lucky in her past relationships, as she gets bored easily in  relationships and after spending weeks with relationship therapist the conclusion was that her mind has not feel secured enough in the past relationships and since there was nothing  to challenge her mind in the past relationship , the boredom seems like a way out.  But with toboriola she feels there is something about him that is just different from other men she has been with, but she is not willing to jeopardize years of hardworking, she decided within herself  to take things easy and slow,  and see who made partner first between them, and once that's out of the way, she can decide if there is a chance for them. 
CHAPTER EIGHT
TOBORIOLA DASILVA, stared wistfully at his phone, he agreed that he enjoys the company of beautiful women like any normal male, some might say he is a Playboy because he did not want to be tied down to one woman again,  but there is something different about Okikiola, he just want to be around her all the time. It sounds crazy but that is the truth, working together on the new case is even more frustrating than he think, especially with the way she bites her lips when she is trying to concentrate on something,  Her scent teasing his nostril and messing with his system. 
He thought of taking her out the coming weekend to his family picnic, he was still considering the idea when his mother called him. "Mother, I was just thinking of calling you" he said, "indeed, naughty boy, when will you give this old woman grand children and just make me happy" she replied. "Old? Nah you are still young and sexy, and don't worry about me, am sure my sisters are giving you enough babies already", he teased her. " I am serious, Tobori Akinsola Dasilva!, Anyway what time are you coming this weekend?" She demanded. "I promise I will try to make it early to your side, and I might even bring a friend along" , he answered back.
"A friend? Male or female? Do I know this person?" , getting excited already. "Now mum calm down don't get too excited, there is nothing serious yet, we are just getting to know each other mum, so please try not to scare her away with your questions" , he said. "Don't be rude young man, fine I and your sisters will behave, just bring her. Take care Son, I love you" , "you too mum, later" .
Now he has committed himself, he will have to convince Okiki to follow him, because his mum will definitely tell his sisters, and they will not let him rest. He will be pestered till he succumbed to their will. His family is a close knit one, he grew up in a home that is filled with love and care. As wealthy as his father is, he learn growing up that, it not a reason why you should not work hard , for your own success story. His father in still responsibility in them, and being the first Child and only Son, his in still it in him. 
It is why he is has successful now in his career, doing it on his own without using his father's name and fame to get things done for him. That was part of the reason why his EX wife left him, because he will not allow her to use his family's money and connection as meal ticket. Now he heard the man she left him for, has gone bankrupt , he is sure she will want to come back. He did not let her know that he is richer than he appears, the moment she started acting funny. A part of him still felt betrayed and taking for a fool.
He has never lose sleep over a woman, but when it comes to okikiola all theories goes out of the window, for she is not like any woman he has met. She is hardworking and not intereted in his money, so it a little bit difficult to impress her, and that even makes him more endeared to her. 
The moment he saw her the next day, he knew something is up, she was very polite and distant. He tried to ignore the feeling that may be she is having a rough day, "So I was thinking we should hang out together this weekend with my family, what do you think", he asked, taking a break from their preparation for the first appearance in court the next day over the Agalu Community Case.  she stared at him , almost feels like she is trying to put a hole in his head. 
" I am sorry but No, have been spending too much time with you already. We need to focus on this case.
It's hard for  Toboriola to come to terms with the fact that okikiola is saying no outrightly not even to the family picnic , but to any future date between them.
"Wait, my I ask why? And don't give me that crap about case, because I know we always have a good time together, and what are we going to do about this attraction between us? We will pretend it not there?, may be you can, but I can't." He demanded furiously. "It the making partner issue right?" He asked, towering over her, where she was sitted across him.
"Well I need to take my time and most especially, I believe we both need to know the outcome of  who make partner first, before we get into anything serious between us, so it nothing personal against you" she replied , looking at him dead on without blinking.
He could not explain the reasons for her change of heart, but he knew something has changed, and the ice queen is back. He quickly schooled his expression to match hers, without giving anything away.
"Well that's okay, if that's the way you wants it, may the best man or woman wins, because it obvious that you are not ready to take a chance on us". , he left without a backward glance. 
She watched him leave, a little bit hurt that he didn't even try to convince her otherwise,
" well that only confirms that my theory is correct,  I don't even need any distraction right now anyway,  and he is a huge one" . 
She fume, how can he just up and leave, when they have a lot of ground to cover. She could not concentrate on what she is doing again. She saw him saunters back in, without giving anything away. "So what's your resolution on the case" he asked . She quickly recover from her surprise and get on with the program. It obvious he has, she cleared her throat and adjusted on her chair, before answering him.
The truth is, she realized she wants the playful and flirtatious Tobori back. Ever since things perched up with them, she smiles and laugh more around him.  Now it seems the formidable Tobori is back. She did not even know she will feel it until the switch, now there is no going back He worked in silence not talking with her unless it is necessary, Between the two of them it obvious they will nail the case.     
Senator Adebanjo paced around in his office, it being four weeks since he his meeting with is foreign partners and he is getting agitated about how fast the antidote effect will kick in,  he hope they are not trying to play smart with him, he muttered unintelligibly to himself .  The intercom blinked, his secretary knew better than to be disturbing him in this mood that he is in. "What ! Which part of i don't want to be disturbed you do not understand?" He demande.
"Sorry Sir, but you have a meeting with ..." She did not finish before he fired back, furious. "Is it the president? Or Vice president?"  He asked, "No Sir" She answered back. "Then move the meeting, am not in the mood, and don't disturb me again unless I called you" he said before ending the call. "Nonsense" he muttered to himself, almost wearing the rug thin with his pacing.  He has been cranky all day long. He really need the money to prepare for the next election. A lot is riding on this partnership, so it as to come through. He smiled as he imagine himself winning the presidential election, but all that will be based on the hope of the partnership with the expatriates.
He sighed again, as he gazed outside without interest. The incoming call on his private mobile, made him to quickly dash to his table, bringing him out of his presidential day dream, his face broke into a huge smile when he saw who was calling him.
" Hello there , I was just thinking about our business,  setting up a meeting, to know the progress of the antidote". He said trying to hide his excitement.
"Hello senator, am glad to let you know the antidote works like fire, and please set up the meeting, we have to celebrate and discuss ", Mr bruno replied with much enthusiasm. " Wonderful, wonderful!" He cackles.
They agreed to meet at the club, where they had the last meeting, the following day. Senator Adebanjo could not hide his happiness,  he could not wait for the next day to come as he imagined the future , everything suddenly looks bright and beautiful , and very soon he will have everything he had always wanted in his hands.
He called Caroline, to release some of the tension he was feeling,he had already told her not to travel back to Lagos,  but later changed his mind, deciding to do so the next day after the meeting. He messaged Bako to let him know about the next day meeting with the expatriates, so has to put everything in place. He was just replacing back his phone on the table, when a thought crossed his mind about the antidote, with the way things are working , he will need to make more of the vial,  the case bako and his boys took,  contains only three vial inside, and he had already used one.
He made a mental note  to himself, to send his boys to the research building to sniff around about the  antidote, he is sure someone will know about it, or about the antidote formula so he can start making another batch, he rubbed his hands with glee, has he imagine the money he will make from it.
***************
Night life at the club is always busy, and intoxicating with excitement, the ladies that patronise the place are high class excorts, looking exotic and all glammed up, the performing artistes continue to sing to the delight of the people. 
Senator Adebanjo,  face broke into a wide grin when his business associates arrived, he had ordered for champagnes before they arrived, he could not contain his excitement. 
"Welcome my friends, it wonderful to see you and to hear such a delightful news from you" he laughed boisterously.  "It good to see you too senator" 
They  toast to the success of the last meeting, before getting down to business again,. Senator was elated to know that, the person they injected with the antidote is now declared free from HIV, it worked perfectly without any side effect so far.
Five Hundred million Naira was transferred into Senator Adebanjo offshore private account, after they were sure of the effect of the antidote. 
"Now that am sure that the antidote is working perfectly, I will like us to get down to business proper, we can go into partnership, with you. Just be supplying us with it and we will sure hold up the end of our bargain" . Mr Bruno said, seeing a great opportunity for them to make profit as well.
" How about I even give you a much better proposition, I will give you the formula for making the antidote,  how does that sound?" ,  Senator adebanjo replied with confidence, his eyes gleaming as he did a mental calculation of how much he can get out of the deal.
"You mean, you are ready to part with the formula?" , they were surprised that he can part with the formula.
"OK no , problem we even like the idea much better, so how much do you want for it?"
"Well, not that much seeing we are friends and all, let's put it at five billion US dollars"
"What! Be reasonable, Senator, that's much"
"Oh , is it? When you have it now and start a laboratory that will be producing more of the antidote and making money, you will not think so , but if you insist it much, then I will take my business to another" , he said  grinning like loon, knowing he already had them by the balls, and they can not say no to his offer.
They came to an agreement, after the senator promised to deliver  the formula in two week's time  to them, hoping that  before the coming  week runs out, he would have the antidote formula. He made a mental note to quickly send bako and his guys out to get their hands on the antidote.
CHAPTER NINE
She stared blankly at her computer screen, with a guffy smile on her face as she remembered last date that they had, he took her to one of the best romantic place in the city, and as always treats her like a queen. She was still reminiscising on the toe curling kiss they shared when Vivian knock on her door,  "It lunch time boss, are you still busy? From the look on your face, you seem to be enjoying yourself", she asked grinning at her. She blushed as if she had been caught on what she was thinking about  Okikiola dropped her pen, fold her arms , "Can't I just be , do you have to poke nose?" She replied her.
"Fine, but don't act as if you don't like it, anyway it lunch time. Are you going to lunch with him?", she asked. "Who are you referring to if I may asked?, anyways thank you, you can leave" .
"If you insist", she grinned at her before leaving her office. She watched her leave, before applying fresh coat of lip gloss .
She carried her hand bag and left her office,  " bye boss lady" Vivian called out after her. She was about to walk pass Tobori's office, when he  stepped out with a lady, who looks as if she just stepped out from vogue's magazine ad, and the way she was draped all over him shows that she is not a client.  Okikiola saw red, but she tried not to let it show, besides she as already told him that she is not interested so it doesn't matter.  It only shows that she is right about him all along, what a cunny lying bastard. She straightened up , chin lifted, prepared to  walked past them without sparing them a glance.
"bye darling , see you soon" the lady in question said as she left him, but not before kissing his cheeks, "bye" , Okikiola heard him say.  Does he sound irritated or was it her imagination?. She thought within herself.
Okikiola watched her leave, with eyes green with jealousy, "hello Kiki" , Toboriola greeted her as she walked past him, " Hello" She replied not slow her pace, as she walked past him.  She met the lady at the car park lot, as she enters a sleek Black Mercedes Benz CLA.  She must be a model or something.
Toboriola did not expect to see Daisy, his Ex-Wife . She claimed to be in the area, and decides to pay him a visit, saying she miss him.  Apparently the man she ran away with, beats her often and when she can not cope again, she had to leave.  By the time she finished her story, she was shedding tears, he was sure it all an act. Tobori told her he is no longer interested, "I didn't mean what I said then, I still love you baby, don't you love me anymore" she cried, clinging on to him. He did not want her to embarrass him at work, so he just try as much as possible to discharge her. It was until he promised to have dinner with her, that was when she left.
The last person he expect to see him in such a compromising position is Okikiola, but it still amuse him to see her eyes green with jealousy even when she tries to hide it.  He does not understand why she is fighting the attraction they both feel, and it obvious it not what she really want but because she felt he is  just trying to lure her into lowering her guard, and then took the partner position from her when she is not looking. 
He waited for her in the boardroom where they usually study the case file together and put things in place,  She walked in few minutes to when he arrived, "Sorry I came in late" she said has she placed heforaptop on the table. "It alright just got in here too, so we can get started".  The offices were all virtually empty by the time they round off, only one or two offics light were still on, she checked her time and realized it past eight already. They have their fast appearance in court the following week, hence the late night, working on the case. 
The elevator slid open as they both stepped into it, it all happened so fast one moment he was standing on the other side the next she find herself in his arms, he did not give her time to push him away before his crushed her's. She gripped his forearms tightly, and returned back the kiss, all the pent up frustration released. The elevator door slide open too soon as they both released each other and stepped out.
" Will you continue to pretend that this is not really?" He asked her as they walked to the parking lot. "Well I don't want it,", she shouted back at him. " well tell that to someone that will believe you, because I definitely do not believe you," he replied, raising his voice. " fine don't believe me, yet a woman is hanging all over you in your office", she replied. "Are you jealous?, because the last I checked yous don't want to be with me" he said. "Who cares, just move out of the way" she demanded.
He snatched the key out of her hands, "Are you insane?, give me the keys" she demanded. "Not until you calm down, and I will drive you home because it obvious to me that we have a lot to talk about", he replied without waiting for her, as he walked to where her Car was parked. He opened her door side for her and waited for her to accept. She stood rooted to the spot and continue stare at him, he is more stubborn than she thinks,  it already dark, and she is feeling crancky and tired.
She finally entered the car without saying a word to him,  he drove her home.  Baba was surprised to see a man with her at such time, but whatever opinion the gate man as , he kept it to himself as he closed the gate. He did not wait for her to invite him in before he did. 
" This is ridiculous tobori" she said, as she sat down. "What is ridiculous is you acting cold with me when I know you are not this uptight person you insist on becoming, why are you so afraid of letting go?, I really like you kiki, let's give each other a chance. That lady you saw me with earlier is my Ex-Wife and nothing is between us or will ever be again." He told her as he moved close to her, towering over her, he rested his hands on the arm rest caging her in, on the sit. "Please let's stop this childish behavior, you know I like you and I know you like me too, no matter how hard you try to resist" he whispered. "I don't want you to hurt me or to become attached to you" she whispered, "it okay I won't hurt you" he said before kissing her again for the second time that night, and this time she allowed herself to have what she had always secretly wanted.
TOBORIOLA could feel her surrender as he gently kissed her, he draw back a little before things become too intense,  She deserves more than just to be taken without any finesse on a chair, in her home, their first time together will be properly done.         
"Alright darling, I have to go now, so that you can rest,  have a wonderful night rest"  , Toboriola said has he reluctantly removed his arms around her,  gazing intently at her. " Will definitely miss you".
"Come on dearie, we are going to see each other again tomorrow, err..I mean if the invitation to your family picnic still stands", She whispered, sneaking a peek at him beneath her lashes. 
Face beaming with light, "Are you serious? Wow that's wonderful and yes the invitation still stands. My family will love you" he chuckled.
"It's settled then" she replied with more enthusiasm, before giving him a kiss.
"I can't wait for tomorrow to come princess,  anyways you need to give me a long kiss that will hold me till then", he did not wait for her reply beforShehrawing her into his embrace, again, not willing to let her go.
"Now that will hold me till tomorrow, see you soon babe" he said caressing her face before straightening up.  "How will you get home, it late" She asked worriedly, "Am a big boy don't worry I will just take a taxi back to work. I promise to call you." He smiled, happy to know she cared about him.
Okiki watched him go in the taxi,  before retiring back inside the house. She did not even remember how exhausted she was earlier, praying that he gets back to work and home safely. She is worried, but in other not to appear clingy she accepts what he said. She was removing her shoes when she saw a message pop on her phone from the private investigator lady, the only thing in the message was  " new update, let's meet".
Okiki wondered  what the update could be, hoping she found something tangible for her to use, has she reread the message , she messaged her back, with the time for them to meet, but she scheduled her house for  the meet. 
She sat by the bedside , staring blankly at the wall ,her thought spinning all around her. Her gaze landed on the box that contains her father's documents from the laboratory, she padded lazily to it, and spilled the content on the bed. She rift through the papers hoping to see something useful that can help her, but it was just research work papers, her fingers touched something hard as she starts to pack the papers back into the box.
The hard object was inside an envelope, she slit it opened and discover that it was a key, into a safe deposit box, she saw the box combination and address inside the envelope,
"I wondered what dad his keeping in a safe deposit" , she mused aloud, as she stared at the object.  She made a note on her schedule planner to check the deposit box out to know what her father kept inside it. She was just packing the contents she scattered all over her room back into the box, when her phone rang. 
"Hey beautiful am home now " toboriola voice giving her tingle all over.
"That's wonderful to know darling" she replied, a little bit distracted from what she just saw, toboriola could not help but notice that she was not has enthusiastic has she was earlier.
"Is everything okay dear?" He  asked. 
"Yes everything is fine dearie" infusing more life in to her response, "I will tell you all about it tomorrow dearie I promise" She replied. 
"Alright princess, just make sure you rest please. Will pick you up by eleven in the morning. Sweet dreams" he whispered, his voice caressing her ears.
"I will be waiting, good night"  she whispered back, before ending the call.  She went back to the papers scattered all over her bed, reading through them, for clues but it just research papers and files.
The night seems too long for okiki as she could not sleep, a lot of ideas about what could possibly be in the safe deposit kept running through her mind, she also wondered about what the private detective new update would be,  and by the time sleep finally claimed her , it was well past 3am .  The bedside clock rang 8am , she reluctantly reach for it, to switch it off, she felt has if she has not slept a wink as she stretches her muscles.  Her face breaks into a smile as she remembers the date plan with Tobori, she quickly sauntered out of bed, to get ready before he comes. She wonders how his family will be like as she clean up her room, putting the remaining papers that litters her floor in the box back.
It took her ten minutes before she could decide on what to wear for the picnic, it very important to create good first impression she thought within herself.  She rift through her cloth rack, before settling on a yellow flowery patterned gown reaching her knee, with a little plunging neckline Too nervous to eat anything solid, so she opt for a small bowl of cereal, after eating she considered going through her Father's things again, but decides against it, when she saw it jut thirty minute to eleven.
She retouched her lip stick, and wore a flat brown sandal, accentuating her dainty feet's.. She was just slipping on a silver hoop earing, when Toboriola arrived. She carried a small tote bag, before dashing out of the room. He wore a black plain polo shirt, on a blue denim, with a black Loafers. The only accessories he wore is the leather strap wrist watch, it was a staring contest.
"Damn girl you are beautiful" he muttered as he kissed her , "I really needed that" he said after he released her.  Her face radiant with joy she closed the door and wait for him to open the car door. She noticed he did not drive his Toyota Camry to pick her up, but Range Rover.  "this is nice" she commented, sure that there is more to him than he allow people to see.
"Thank you, it just a car" he replied as he drive out of the compound. Okiki was a little taken aback with his reply, she guess there must be a back story to it, he sounded a bit off. 
ALL her fears and anxiety was for nothing, the moment they arrived at Toboriola Family House, it is a big mansion, with large expanse of land stretched across both sides, though he insisted it "just a house", his two sisters pounced on them, demanding to know where he has kept her all this while, she could not help but envy him and his sisters. His sisters too came with their families, one of them already have two kids, with the second one pregnant with her first child.
"You are so beautiful, this brother of mine did not tell us he has someone. Am Teniola, it is so nice to meet you", The heavily pregnant lady said. Okikiola just smiled shyly.
" It's nice to meet you too Teni, am glad to be here", she replied. "Hello, I am Tolani, her twin sister, it so good to meet you" , Okikiola did a double take, the Sisters look so much alike. Tolani seems to be the more reserved of the two. Teniola is the outspoken one. 
"Wow Toboriola did not tell me you are twins, it nice to meet you too" She replied. "Don't mind that brother of ours, he likes keeping things to himself" Teniola replied, glaring at Toboriola.
"If the two witches of the east ends are done talking about me, can I see my niece and nephews?" , Toboriola said before taking Kiki's hand and drag her away from the twins. They all entered the garden area in tow, with the twins giggling behind them like mischievous kids.
The place they choose for the picnic area is already set, with the table covered with different dishes, it more of a banquet,  Tolani, children were running around, screaming and enjoying their selves. But the moment they saw their uncle they scream with joy and run into His arms each fighting to be the one he will carry first.
"Uncle Bori, carry me first!" Vying for his attention. "Hnm, let me decide on who I like most" he exclaimed. Apparently it a game they play among them. He carried them both, grunting and panting to their delight. She watch the way they are with him, and couldn't help but laugh.
"Now kids let your uncle rest a bit, before you climb him again" , She turned to see a very beautiful older woman, carrying a tray filled with small chops,The twins looks exactly like her. She smiled kindly at her, "You must be the lady my Son was talking about, am Toboriola's mum",
" Good afternoon ma, I'm Okikiola. You have a lovely home" Okiki said. "Thank you darling, follow me and meet the rest of the family" She replied. As she leads her to the Tent where, two men she assume to be the twins husbands are, talking.  She was introduced to them as Toboriola's friend, and they both greeted her warmly.
"His father will join us shortly, he is in the studies, talking on the phone with his old buddies as usual" Mrs Dasilva explained. "Who are you calling old, woman" a deep husky voice asked, Toboriola took after his dad in looks and stature. The grey hair, only add to his good looks, he will be in his Seventies. "It you old man" She replied, eyes twinkling with excitement and love as he plant a kiss on his wife lips, "Now behave yourself, we have a visitor" She gently reprimand him, gesturing towards Okikiola. 
"Oh pardon me, and who is this lovely lady", he asked. He stretched forth his hands to shake Okikiola's hand, " hands off dad, she is mine" , Tobori called out as he dragged the kids along with him, to where they are. "Pardon my Son's manners he does not know how to appreciate a beautiful lady, imagine him leaving you all alone here" Mr Dasilva replied mockingly.
"Good afternoon Sir" She could not hold back the laughter, it feels so good to be with people that cherish family.
She has never had so much fun like this before, the men were busy with grilling the beef they will eat, laughing boisterously, while the women gist and talk about their men, with the kids rolling on the grass playing. It was a picture perfect moment, she look on dreamily at them.
"So tell us, how do you meet Tobori?" Teniola asked.  "Teni!" Their mum and tolani exclaimed. "What! It obvious we are all dying to know, don't do as if am the only one that talks in this family" , she defends herself.
"It no problem" Okikiola replied. As they all listened with rapt attention.
"We are both actually working in the same law firm, but we just started dating recently" she explained. "What! you mean he as a very beautiful woman under his nose all this while and he is now just noticing?,  What's wrong with my brother, is it the divorce that's affecting is eyes now?" Teniola said indignantly.
Mrs Dasilva sighed , "Teniola! , we all know how affected he was with the divorce, so cut him do slacks okay?, besides am sure he must have his reasons. Anyways what's most important now is that you are both together. Just don't hurt my baby, because he deserves to be loved and cared for, promise me" she said, as she takes Okikiola's hands.g
"I will try my best, I promise ma" Okiki replied.
"Thank you, did he tell you that his father is a retired Architect? He is the one that designed our home" she said with pride. "Wow! he didn't, this place is very beautiful and big. I love the space." Okikiola replied. It obvious there is a lot he did not know about Toboriola. She did not know why he did not want her to know he is from a wealthy home. 
She got to know that the mother is a Retired Nurse.  
"I hope you are having a good time" Tobori asked her, bringing the hot grilled meat to her table, "Yes I am, thank you for inviting me" she replied. "Thank you for coming" he replied her, grinning at her. 
CHAPTER TEN
"Awwn two love birds, now enough with the mushiness, let's eat" Teniola teased from behind them, causing Okiki to move a little from Tobori, breaking the romantic mood. He groaned in frustration at his Sister, "what! Did I interrupt something?" Teni asked innocently. Tobori knew she was just pretending, he grinned at her and left to join the men.
Okiki, could not eat anything again, even if she want to, Mrs Dasilva insists she tries almost everything. They are all mouth watering and delicious, She has never eaten so much like that before. They also played different interesting games , grouping theirselves into twos, with tobori and okiki grouped together. They end up being the winner in all the games they played, while Teniola threatens husband not to sleep on their bed for a week, for not winning.
Okiki laughed till her stomach aches, wishing the day will not come to an end, as they start packing all the items and stuffs they used.  Tobori's parents, insists she comes back to hang out with them, while his Sisters promise to get in touch with her for shopping very soon. The Sun has completely gone down by the time they left the Dasilva's mansion.
Toboriola was surprised when Okiki asked if they could go to his house, "I mean if it's not too much trouble, I will like to see your place" she quickly add. She surprised herself as well with her demand, but for once she wants to make an effort.
"It not a problem, I am just surprised, but in a good way .let's go" .
His three bedroom apartment, is located in one of the exquisitely designed Estates in the city of Abuja, his apartment is immaculate and spacious. "You have a beautiful place, I like it", Okiki said as he ushered her inside. " Well we can't complain" he replied beaming at her. "Please have your sit, let me get you something to drink" he told her.  "Please don't bother yourself on my account , I can't take anything again" she explained.
"Are you sure dear?" 
"Yes I am sure, just sit down and relax as well, besides I have something to tell you" she told him. "Okay fine I am listening" he said, as he sat across her.
"It about what I saw yesterday, remember you called me last night and I sounded a bit off?, well I saw a key to what I am sure will be a safe deposit among my father's belongings" , she explained.  "That's interesting, but have you informed the detective?" He asked.
"I was hoping to find the safe first, know what's in it and give her feed back" 
"It's a good idea, I am here for whatever you need, just say it" he told her.
"Thank you that's all I needed to hear" she whispered.
He left his sit and held her, siting on the arm rest of her chair,  resting her head on his chest.
He slowly lowered his head and kissed her, his lips brushing hers. She returned the kiss, letting her mouth open just slightly as he gently pry her mouth open, to gain deeper access. She liked the feel of their breath mingling.
He moaned and deepened the kiss, pulling her body to his.  Time stopped moving for her as it usually does any time he kiss her, and the only thing her consciousness registered was the feel of his lips on hers and his hard body so close. He kissed her with care, like she is delicate China to be cherished and loved.
It was awhile before they come up for air,  have never felt so strongly attracted and attached to someone like this before, I know it might sound or look too early for you but I think am falling in love with you.. Shh, don't say anything yet. I was watching the way you were with my family, you feel like you actually belong there. My ex wife is always in a hurry to leave, but with you everything seems so different"  Tobori said,  has he caress her in his arms.
"I enjoy hanging out with your family as well. I am used to being alone, I spent half of my life outside the country away from my parents, and I don't even have siblings. My parents does not have the kind of relationship your parents has, so I think it part of the reason for my being distrustful when it comes to relationship, and I do like you a lot" she explained.
"I am ready to give you as much time as you need, I don't mind taking it slow, okay?' He asked. " okay, I like the sound of that"  she replied demurely, before pulling him towards her, kissing him passionately. He chuckled, "baby girl, I thought we said we are taking it slow", he asked his eyes glinting with mischief. 
" Fine, but does that mean I can't kiss my boyfriend? " she responded, before crushing her lips on his again.  "Boyfriend uh? I like the sound of that, and for that you deserve another kiss",  kissing her.
They cuddled together on the couch, watching a romantic comedy that she selected, not willing to leave each other.  It was past nine in the evening when the movie ended, Okikiola did not even notice when the movie ended, Tobori gently nudged her awake.
" Hey baby, let me take you home, it late." 
"Hnmm alright, let's go" she replied still feeling drowsy. He escort her to the car, and opened the door for her. 
It was a fifteen minutes drive to her house, by the time he drove her into the house, she was  sound asleep,  Baba helped him to hold the door as he gently carried her inside the house, the elderly man pointed out the direction of her room to him, smiling at the two lovebirds.
He laid her down with care on the made bed, removing her shoes and jewelries She stirred awake, looking at him drowsily, "hey you are home, will call you tomorrow princess" he whispered before planting a kiss on her forehead. "Thank you for today, I had a great time. Sweet dreams and drive safe" she whispered back before falling asleep again.
He left her room and instruct the old man to lock up behind him, as he is not coming back.
He wondered how she manage the big house alone, with just the old man. She told him earlier that a maid comes around to clean the house when she needs her but she does not live there. He guessed she is used to being alone. Toboriola swore to take care of her, as he drove back to his house.
IT was Toboriola's call that woke her up from sleep, "hey baby good morning" he said, "good morning dearie, I am fine" she stifled a yawn, stretching. "Oh somebody is still sleeping" , "yea besides it is too early, what are you doing awake this early?" She asked. "Early? Princess it already nine" he chuckled.
Okikiola checked her bedside clock to confirm, and realised that it past nine. "I didn't know, oh god, I need to work on finding the safe" she told him.
"So do you know where to look?" 
"I think I should find something in my father's study, because have thought of it, I know he keeps something there as well and have not checked" she explains to him.
"That sounds sensible, may be I could be some help?", He asked not wanting to sound pushy.
"I will love that, thank you" she said. He promised to come before noon, before ending the call.
She rushed to the bathroom to bath before tobori arrives, she did not want to appear unkempt. Okikiola chose a brown short knicker and pulled on a black polo shirt on it. She carried the whole box and entered her father's study. She sighed, feeling nostalgic as she entered, everything still in place as he left it.
Okikiola carefully arranged all his papers together, before she starts searching, looking through obvious places first but to no avail. Her hand hit a panel besides the table and suddenly a part of the wooden wall slid open to reveal a safe.  In her wildest dreams she can't imagine that her late father could have something like that in the house.
That was how toboriola found her, she heard him come in, and call out to him. He followed her voice direction and met her in a staring contest with the safe. "Impressive place, your father really planned this out, because this is huge, so have you checked what's inside?" He asked.
"No I just discovered it, besides I was hoping we will look inside it together" she explained as she brought out the key, He smiled at her response and stood besides her as she opened the safe, but they find something else that dampens their joy.
Inside is another safe with code combination, "what could be so important inside, that he needs to safely guard" she questioned. "Relax and let's think, what could he use as his code?" He asked. She tried his date of birth, but it did not open. Okikiola tried her own date of birth, nothing happened. "Why don't you try your mother's own?" Tobori suggested.
She decided to heed to his suggestion, and just like that it opened. She clapped in glee, inside it were bill bonds, some cash, then a flash drive. They brought out everything from the safe. She went into her room to quickly bring out her laptop so that they can view the flash drive content, but she was not prepared for what she saw, her father save a video of himself on the flash.
He looks so much alive in the video, he apologized for not being the best father she deserves, and ask for her forgiveness. " Okikiola ,my princess. I am so sorry for the years I wasted without getting to know you and be a father to you like you deserve,  I hope that someday you will learn to forgive me. I pray you will not find this video any time soon, but if you do, it means am already dead without any prior notice or sickness. I need you to be the Amazon I know you are, I know at first I did not approve of the law you studied, but trust me I am proud of you. Inside this flash is a file where I kept the formula for the HIV/AIDs antivirus.
It means the formula worked and I am not here to enjoy the glory and honour that comes with it, guard it with everything you've got, because as you know it a ground breaking invention, becareful too and don't trust anyone.
I love you very much and I hope you will do right by me with this responsibility I am entrusting with you, good bye".
Tears streamed down her cheek unashamedly, as the video come to an end. It all begins to make sense. Getting a solution to the deadly disease will only mean one thing, no more syfuning of funds from the international bodies, so it make sense if they silence him.  Tobori wiped her eyes with his handkerchief, consoling her silently.
She opened the next file and saw the formula like her father said, it just so amazing that her own father found the cure to the disease. It mind blowing, "this is sunreal, i mean I can't believe that my own father did this" she said looking at tobori in wonder. "It mind blowing, I am very sure now that it the Senator that did this, remember what you said the detective told you about the Senator's meeting with some expatriates, talking about antidote of some sort" .
"You are very right, that is true. This wicked man killed my father, and am sure he will be looking for ways to get his hands on the formula" she exclaimed.
"Let's calm down, we will get him and it will be in the lawful way, he will spend the rest of his days in jail I promise you"  She locked everything back in the safe, shut down her system, and they left her father's study, to relax together in the living room.
He advised her to update Detective Pedro without any delay. "Yes I planned to do that, tomorrow because she wants to see me as well. I will see her during lunch time" she told him.
She curled up in his arms,  feeling drained from everything she just saw. Tobori understands what she is going through, and gently held her, caressing her as they just hold each other in comfortable silence.
Okikiola feels as if she just lost her father anew, with the video she saw. It did something to her Psych as she thought of what her father went through in other to defend his work, she silently make a oath to fulfill his promise and to make sure he did not die in vain, nobody messes with her family and goes Scot free.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
"This is good, it exactly what we need" Detective Alexandra said to Okikiola, after telling her what she find out in the flash drive.  The place the detective said they should meet, is a deserted area far away from the prying eyes, she was already waiting for Okiki before she got there. They sat in her Car, discussing their findings.
"I knew it, I am sure he killed your father because he will not give in to his demands, imagine millions of livAlexandraather's antidote will save. But that will only mean they will not be able to get money like they used to from United Nations and stuffs. So he silence your father, and decided to make money from the research for his personal gain, this is huge."
"Yes I realise that too" Okiki said.
"We need to move before election period starts, my boss is on my neck already" 
Alexandra told her that she went around to the young man that witness the murder that night, house, but met his absence. Apparently he has not been around for some weeks now as his neighbor explained.
"I just need you to be prepared because we are going to be inviting him for questioning very soon we already have solid evidence to work on, that means you will have to make official report. Also since he is a serving Senator press will be stalking you, but am sure you can handle that, and lastly you need to be extra cautious, because this man is a killer" Alexandra explained.
"I am ready just tell me when" Okiki replied, not flinching. "Good, I will let you know, we also need that key witness before Senator gets to him. I have to go now stay safe" , unlocking the door, "Stay safe too" Okiki responded touching her shoulder.  She looked back at her, and the hand holding her shoulders, surprised. Nobody has ever shown they truly care about her as a person before, it touched her. "Thank you, I will", as she left.
Okiki watched her leave until she can't see her form again, before starting her Car and drove back to the office. She did not bother going to her office, but went straight to Tobori's office, his paralegal was the only one in the Office, " Well done Mark, where is your boss?". "He went out for lunch a moment ago, he should be back soon ma'am",  He replied her.
" Oh alright, let him know I asked after him when he gets back" 
"Will do".
She bumped into Tobori as she turn to leave his office, "easy dear,  you were gone for long", he said as he held her from stumbling. " Yes, that's what I came to see you for, before Mark told me you went out for lunch" she replied following him back into his Office. He closed the door and stirred her to the big sofa. She has always wondered why he keeps the sofa in his office but the moment she sat down, she felt her muscles relaxed.
She sighed enjoying the softness of the chair, he chuckled, knowing exactly how she feels. "Feels nice eh" he asked as he sat down beside her. He does much of his thinking, relaxing on that sofa. "It does , and to think I resent the idea of having a sofa in the office, but now I won't mind having one actually in my office too",  she chuckled. 
" So tell me what's the update" he asked.
"Alexandra said I should be prepared to officially report the matter, and to be ready for press because we have to get him before election period starts"  kiki explained.
"I am worried for you dear, I know he has to pay but at the same time care needs to be taken. He is dangerous once he knows what we are planning, he will want to fight back. You stay alone with just an old man with a maid that comes in only on weekends. I don't think you should be alone for now" he said .
"Am a big girl I will be fine, I will be careful" 
"If you say so, but I am not comfortable" he replied, kissing her forehead.
He wished he can make her understand his point of view, if she will just move in with him, till the whole issue bless over.  He knew he said they will take it slow and moving in together is not slow, but he needs to protect her. She can be so stubborn but he knew that about her already, so nothing new there.
"I guess you've not had lunch then?", he asked, peering down at her. 
" No have not, I was even thinking we will do lunch together once I got back, but since you've had lunch already I will just ask Vivian to order me something ".
" Why didn't you say so baby, just relax like that and let me get you something to eat" he told her as he took his car keys and left.
She smiled at his retreating back, it feels good to be pampered.  She found a book that caught her interest in his shelves and took it out to read, removing her shoes she curled up with the book. She felt a hand gently nudged her awake, "I am back" tobori said as he placed the packed food in front of her.
"I can't believe I fall asleep at work, this is so embarrassing" she groaned. " Relax, your secret is safe with me , besides it only shows you are human like the rest of we mortals here " he guffawed at her.
"Stop it , don't make me feel more bad" she replied, with a hint of smile on her lips.
"Fine I hear you, now eat" .
It was fried rice with Chicken that he brought for her. He watch her eat, enjoying the moment. He is irrevocably in love with this woman, ice princess and all.
SENATOR Adebanjo glared at Bako furiously, he has never failed him before, but there us first time for everything. "You are saying you can't find anything and you are coming back to tell me that?", he cried. " Sir, my boys and I tr...", but he was cut off by the Senator, "Just shut up i want that formula by all means, don't come back until you have find it. I am sure he kept it somewhere, look for it!" .
"Sir if you will just listen to what I have to say", bako pleaded, he hates feeling like a failure. " fine am waiting " Senator mutters.
"My contact there told me that all the professors belongings were collected by the daughter, so am thinking it may be there" Bako explained.
"Hnmm..that changes things , go to her place and retrieve it. You have to make it look like robbery, but don't kill her", he said and flicked his hand to dismissed him. Bako beat a hasty retreat out of his office.  
His blood is boiling, he hissed in disgust, nothing will stand in his way, not when he is this close to getting everything he ever wanted. He scrolled through his phone to call Caroline, anytimhead,  is like this, she has a way of putting him at ease. He wondered what she is even up to this days, she seems to be busy in school. " hello cupcake, be at our usual to spot now" he demanded. "Hi sugar,on my way" She replied.
This is why he likes her, she never say no or waste his time. She gets him, he pulled on his suit jacket and left his office, his Car his already on standby, his Security details scrambled after him.
Caroline is already waiting for him by the time he got to their love nest. "Awwn my poor baby, come here papi",  she said, helping him to remove his jacket and tie, she wore a sheer lace lingerie that leaves nothing to imagination. He could not seem to get his hands off her, as his hands rove all over her body, his kisses gets sloppy when he is in hurry. Caroline tries not to cringe in disgust as she hides her distaste under a fake moan.
It drives him but even more when she moaned like that, he jerkily removed her lingerie almost tearing it in the process, before pouncing on her, but it over quickly just like that , she faked her climax along with him as he came.
" Oh my baby, that was hot, I just love how you give it to me. You are the best ever", he said sweating inside the air-conditioning. "It was good for me too, you are the man" Caroline replied, caressing him.
"So my Senator, you were in such a mood , care to tell me baby", she asked, twirling her fingers on his head, he loved it when she does that, he always says it drives him wild.
" hnmm..my baby it nothing to worry your pretty head about, it just work related" he drawled.
"So tell me, or do you think I am dumb? I can help you Darling" she said soothingly. "Baby of course I know you are not dumb, why will you think that?, okay fine. I had some challenges concerning something am looking for, but I know where to look now so it all good" he responded.  "Fine darling, am just glad you are feeling much better" .
She did not want to push her luck, before he becomes suspicious.  Her intuition has never failed her, and right now they are screaming that the Senator is up to no good,  but she can't pin point what exactly.
She feigned sleep, and only opened her eyes to sneak a peek at the Senator when she was sure he is asleep, she stealthily leave the bed, and plant the small micro chip that will track him on his brief case, he takes it everywhere with him. She quickly went back to bed when she noticed him tossing and turning on the bed. Alex feigned sleep again, he caressed her body, as he stirred awake, "hey princess" , "hey sugar" . "I slept off, see what you do to me, you worn me out" he said groggily. 
He dragged himself out of bed, and staggered into the bathroom to hiss himself. The moment he left, she snatched his phone from the bedside and enter his password that she has memorized, she went through his messages nothing, she noticed that there is a number he called consistently, Alex memorized the cell number. 
She placed the phone back when she heard him flushing, "hey baby you are back, the bed is cold without you" Alex said, parting her thighs in invitation. "Oh darling you will be the death of me, I need to leave darling, I have an appointment to meet up with tonight"  he said as he starts dressing up.  She helped him to dress up, still pouting that he is leaving. "Don't be like that darling I promise you, we will have enough time very soon, travel around the world together" he said caressing her face.
"I hope your little wife will allow that darling" 
"Don't worry your pretty head about that my baby"
He gave her a kiss before leaving, asking her to enjoy herself as much as she likes, dropping bundled one thousand naira notes for her before leaving. "I will call you my darling" he said. "Bye darling".
She waited till she was sure he has left with his entourage, before leaving the house. She did not take the car the Senator bought for her, so that her tracks can be covered. The micro chip she placed in his bag needs to be tracked. She called up a taxi and gave him the address of where she is going, tracing the tracking device with her gadget, she traced him to his estate, asking the driver to park where they could not be seen. She waited for him,  he spent only fortyfive Minutes in the house before driving out again with his security details.
THE CASE involving the Agalu community is already is the Court, so all hands were on deck. It was a busy week for both Toboriola and Okiki, as they gather more solid evidence to establish their case, it was a big deal as it was all over the news, the community is suing  the Oil exploration Company over one billion naira compensation money. 
The duo leaves work late in the night most days, as they brainstorm ideas together. She yawned and checked the time, and exclaimed when she saw that it was past nine in the night already, Tobori was just typing away oblivious of the time as well, He is like that once he is working, they know this case is a huge deal especially in making partner.
They both decided not to talk about it again, agreeing to be happy for whomever the firm choose between them. She stared at tobori as he pounds on his system and jot down ideas on one of the many papers all around them, smiling tenderly at him, he must have felt her stare as he raised his head from the laptop. 
"Hey, what's up beautiful" he asked smiling self consciously.
"Nothing, I am just looking" kiki replied amusingly.
"Hnmm.. See anything you like?" Wrinkling his eyebrow at her, as he closed his laptop, stalking her. She burst into laugh, as he rounded the table, she was seated across him. "Stop it, let's go home" giggling. "Kiss me first, then we can go home" he chuckled before he kissed her despite her protest. She kissed him back with much adore, before pushing back from him.
"There you go, now let's go it late" she said, eyes  twinkling he went back to his sit and shut down his system, they pack their bags. She waited for him to switch off the lights and lock his office, before they both took the elevator to the car park.  He kissed her again, as she entered her Car. "Be careful babe, you know it's late. I just wish you don't have to drive home this late and it is my fault" 
"It okay dear, take care" she shut the door and try to start the car, but it won't budge, she tried again and again yet nothing . Tobori has started to wait for her to move before tailing her, till she reach a safe distance before he heads home, at first when he started she protested, but after he has done it for three days, she is now getting used to seeing his car behind her. It gladdens her heart to see him do it.
"Problem with the Car?" He asked as he left his Car to join her. "I don't understand nothing was wrong with it before" she muttered. He took the keys away from her and helped her out of the car before trying to start it as well, nothing . He opened the bonnet, to check her engine but nothing seems to be wrong. After trying again to start it for ten minutes, he lock her Car.
"Babe let me take you home, this car needs to be checked by professional, it late." He explained as he helped her to his Car. "You finally have your wish, let's just go to your place because it late and I don't want you driving around so late" she told him. He grinned at her, happy that she cared for his well being as well.
*******
Tobori led her to the guest room, "There you go, if you need anything let me know. Freshen up and come out for dinner, we should be able to snack on something before we sleep" he told her before he left.
By the time she came out of the bathroom, she found a powdered blue cotton gown on the bed, she wondered who it belongs to, as she wore it. It grazed her knee, she went in search of him and find him in the kitchen. His kitchen is spacious and spotless, she smiled at the way he looked in the kitchen. He looks so domesticated in the kitchen, she guessed he already had his bath as well. He has changed into a short and sleeveless Jersey, whistling in the kitchen as he busy himself with whatever he was cooking.
He turned and winked at her, "I hope you like noodles and egg, cos that's what am preparing", " I like it thank you, so what should I help you with" she asked as she walked into the kitchen. "It alright I gat this, just watch the master chef" he pecked her on the checks as he continues. She laughed and silently watch him.
"So whose cloth am I wearing?" She casually ask, "It Teni's own she left it here the last time she was here, guess you were in luck" he explained. He allowed her to set the table after she insisted on doing something. She had to give it to him, he knows how to make Noddles just the way she likes it, and she told him that, he just grinned at her.
After clearing the table and washing them together, they both retired to watch some late night movies. Snuggled together on the sofa, they fell into a peaceful comfortable silence as they watch the romantic comedy, he caress her, kissing her neck softly. She gently stopped him when the foreplay is getting heated.
"We need to both cool off, before things get out of hand" she said breathless as him. "Yes you are right dear, but that lips of yours is doing things to me" he groaned, as he moved away from her. "We will wait, till you are ready" , "Thank you, it funny how things work, I remember how I was the day we were at the hotel when we traveled. I felt so embarrassed and out of my elements" okiki said, still feeling embarrassed at the thought.
"That's true, but I knew you were not totally in control of your emotions that night, and if we had slept together I am sure you will hate me, so am glad we didn't. But that night I couldn't sleep, I was needing you so bad" he replied, staring wistfully at her.
They both decided to call it a night, he kissed her again at her door and bade her good night, before heading to his own room. 
Okikiola could not sleep much, she was just tossing and turning on the bed. It not like the bed is not comfortable far from it, she like the guest room, it sooths her and the bed too is very soft, so it not the furniture. "May be it just me missing my bed and personal space" she thought. Okiki had checked the time for the umpteenth time, waiting for morning to come, she tried sleeping again, but it was when the sleep was gradually becoming intense that the alarm she set on her phone shriek, causing her to snap out of it.
She switched off the alarm and dragged the rumpled cover cloth away before walking into the adjoining bathroom. Since there is no change of cloth, she slipped on the  cloth she wore to work the day before. She quickly brushed her hair and used ribbon to pack it up, before wearing her shoes. It was five past Six by the time she finished.  Okiki hope to get home and be ready for work before Eight, as she left the guest room.
She was not surprised to see Toboriola fully dressed as well, he arrives at work earlier than she does most of the time, causing her to wonder if he ever sleeps. There are times that she tries to beat him to it but always end up few minutes behind him, she smiled at does days of competing with him, it all looks stupid now. He adjusted his tie and grab his court bag, turning to pick the car keys before realizing she was there, "Good morning princess, seems you enjoy watching me these days without me noticing" he said, sauntering towards her and giving her a good morning kiss.
"I just realized that I enjoy watching you, good morning to you too" she smiled at him.
"You look tired, didn't you sleep well?" He asked, staring at her eyes, trying to see if he could find the answer there. "Yea but it nothing to be worried about, I guess I must have a lot on my mind" she explained. He reluctantly let her go, as they both left the house.
Toboriola, horned again for Baba to open the gate, wondering where the old man could be, he is never slow in performing his duties, "His he sleeping or something?" He muttered before getting down to ring the bell, he pushed the small gate entrance opened and it swing open of it own accord. He opened the car entrance,  drove in and park. Okiki too came down both getting agitated. 
"In all the years have known him, he has never pulled this kind of stunt before, do you think something is wrong?" Okiki asked as she walked into baba's quarters to call him, and there he was bounded with his mouth sealed. She quickly removed the cellotape, and called out to Tobori, who rushed in to know why she screamed like that, and found the old man tied.
He removed the rope as fast as he can, and helped the man up to as chair, he ran into his kitchen to get him some water, baba gulped the water, like someone dying of thirst.
"What happened? Who did this to you!" She exclaimed.
She paced the room, tensed like a bow string. "After you called me to say you are not coming home, I locked up and came to my quarters to rest, it was around past one when I heard strange movements in the compound, I came out to check when I saw these hefty man in black, they were up to seven. Demanding to know where you are, I told them you were not around, they slapped me around before tying me down. Then I guess they proceed inside the main house, to look for you I guess", baba explained.
" If I get you right, they were asking for her?" , "yes".
" okay just stay here let me check inside the main house" Tobori told her.
"No we will go together" she replied him, raising her chin up.
He muttered how stubborn she can be, as they both went inside, the whole house was ransacked and it obvious that they are not looking for someone alone, but for something in particular. Her father's study was upside down, her room too was scattered. Her late father's belongings that she brought home was nowhere to be found.
"This is no ordinary robbery, in fact this is not a robbery. They did not even take anything valuable, it shows this is connected to your father's research work and we know who did this obviously" Tobori said watching her pace around.
"And so it has began" she mutters.
"Thank God you are not around, I can't just imagine what they could do. This is why I insisted on you not staying alone. Please don't argue with me just pick some things you will need and come home with me" he pleaded.
"Alright I agree, but first let me check the safe. I hope they did not see it" she ran back to her father's study, stepping through the scattered documents, she pressed the button, and slide the panel hiding the safe opened. She breathe a sigh of relief when she found everything intact, she quickly removed the flash drive and everything in the safe, before closing it back.
"Everything intact?" He asked entering the study.
"Oh yes, thank God" she replied him. He noticed her shoulder quaking and gently turned her around to face him,  She could not hold the tears back, as it stream down her cheek. "Shh it alright, everything will be fine I promise you. Trust me, he will pay even if it the last thing I will do" he held her close to his chest, allowing to just cry it out.
She called Alexandra to inform her, " Hope you are not injured?" She asked. "I am fine, I was not at home, what do we do now".
" Make sure to take a picture of the place, and I suggest you don't sleep in the house for some time, because they may come back. I will report to my boss so they can release some men to guard your house. I think the Senator has just shot himself in the keg with this move. A search warrant will be given to search his house and office am sure some of your father's belongings will turn up. It is the formula he is looking for. I will get back to you just be ready", Alexander told her before ending the call.
Tobori looked expectantly at her, "The battle line has been drawn", Okiki whispers.
"Okiki, i enjoy riddle as much as the next guy, details please" Tobori asks, following her out of the study, "I will. Let me find my bearing first, I need to attend to baba. Can you please  take the picture of this Chaos? I believe it will come in handy in court" , she replied him like someone on auto pilot. She left him without waiting for his response and went back to Baba's place, to help him cleans his cuts.
"I hope they did not steal anything valuable?" Baba asked.
"No they didn't, But the whole house was trashed since they couldn't find what they are looking for", she explained, cleaning the cut on his head.
" I need you to be very careful baba, I am sure they will come back again, but please be careful. Some men will be guarding the house alongside with you, so you can be sure you are in safe hands just do what ever they ask. Also I will be staying with Toboriola for some days" she explained to him. 
He winced in pain as she applied plaster to his cut, "I heard you, just promise me you will be careful as well" he asked gripping her hands.
"I will, I promise. Now are you feeling better or should I drive you to the hospital?"
"Yes much better, besides it just a small cut"
"I will call you, later in the day" she told baba. He is the only close link she has to her father, he tries to hide his pain but she sees right through it. Baba has been working for her father for the past ten years, he is more like family. She sighed with sadness.
She went back in to the main house after treating Baba's injury. Toboriola was just taking the last picture. "Hey" she said. "Hey" he replied, drawing her in to his arms, he gave her a squeeze before gently releasing her. "Pack what you need and let's get out of here, I will arrange for cleaners, because your maid can't handle all this work", he said before placing a kiss on her forehead.
" Alright" , she replied and walks into her room.  Okiki took out a small box and pick out some basic things she will need, few cloths, shoes and toiletries, Things that can last her for a week. Tobori walks in and helped her to carry the box out to the car. She changed her cloth and wore a slim fitting black knee length gown, throwing a blazer on it, before slipping her feet into a black covered heels. She quickly retouched her make-up, and applied a red lip rouge.
She will leave with her head held high, no one is going to chase her out of her own damn house. Okikiola joined tobori outside where he was waiting for her, he did a double take when he saw her, he grinned with respect, it only her that can pull this act off. She is no quivering lady, his ice queen is back, God help us all, he mutters. 
"You look beautiful, more like a badass!" He said as she walked up to him, staring at her with pride and possessiveness.
"Good, that's what i wanted, because am ready to kick some ass, let's go to work, no one will ruin my day" she replied, slipping on her sunshade.
"He will pay, have already spoken with my guy, the one you met the other day, Detective Alexandra has filled him in on situation of things. Seeing it a delicate matter he said he will call me back.  Also the mechanic that I called should be at the office by now", he told her, opening the car door for her, before going round to enter as well. 
IT was well past eleven before they got to work, Vivian has left dozens of messages for her on the phone, but she could not reply any of it, she rushed to Okiki when she entered the office. " Thank God you are back, I was getting worried when you didn't answer your phone. It so unusual, is everything okay?" She asked, carrying her bag into her office for her.
"It nothing I can't handle, thank you for your concern"  Okiki replied, powering on her laptop. Vivian quickly rushed out to get her morning coffee for her. "Thank you, I needed this"
"You are welcome, the boss is asking after you, actually for you and your tall glass of hot chocolate" she said, fanning herself.
"Oh god Vivian it too early for this, and don't let Tobori catch you saying that about him, he will have your tongue, now tell me what the boss want".
" He can have my tongue any time"
"Be serious Viv, am not in the mood for your chatters today"
"Okay fine,  he thought you went out with Barrister DaSilva and he asked me to tell you to see him once you are around" .
"Fine you can go, I will see him"
She figured it will be about the case they are both handling. She left her office and head to the boss office, "Come in please" he called out. He was on call, he signaled for her to sit, Tobori too came in shortly after her.
"I understand , thank you",  He ended the call. " Yes, you are both here. There is a new development, that's what the call is about, they are willing to settle out of court. They will pay the community Five hundred million, so I want you to meet up with them and do the necessary arrangement " he said, dismissing them.
"No" Tobori responded .
Their boss raised his head up, "am sorry what?",  " I said no, they knew we already have them, that's why they are trying to settle out of court. You knew I don't do things half way and this i will see to the end and we will win" , he replied him, looking unruffled.
"Now hold on a bit, I understand perfectly how you feel but we have being receiving some calls from the corridor of power on this case, and it best we just not step on toes on this one" he explained.
"Well I am ready to do just that, this firm is known for our integrity and tenacity, what has changed?,  are you afraid?" He demanded.
Okikiola just continue to stare at them, Tobori is like a pitbull he will not back down.
"Okay fine, but hear them first. Now both of you leave my office I need to think" , dismissing them.
They both left without a backward glance, with Tobori seething inside, he storm into his office. She followed him inside and allowed him to vent his anger the way he knows as he paced around in his office.
CHAPTER TWELVE
The day could not get any more frustrating, Okikiola could just not add this one to her plate, she already have enough to think about.  "I can't even express how am feeling right now, he should have known better. We went to so much trouble to get to where we are, now he is saying something else" he said. 
"Let's calm down first, set up the meeting if they are willing to meet up with our demands, if not we will know what next, just take it easy" she told him. He finally sat down after almost wearing the rug thin with his pacing.  "Guess you are right" he sighed, exhausted. "what a day huh?"  he muttered. "You can say that again, well let me leave you to make the arrangement. I need to do some things in my office".
She left his office, giving him space to work knowing he will need sometime to himself to think. The mechanic he called was waiting for her by the time she entered her office, " Good afternoon, Vivian you should have called me" she reprimanded her. "I was just about to, he just got here" Vivian explained.
She gave him her car keys, and followed him to the car park, "it just won't start" she explains, still baffled. "Let me check ma", he opened the Car and starts it, it roared back to life as if it not the same car that was not starting.  " Wait a minute how did you do that! I mean you didn't do anything" She exclaimed.
"I guess it just your Car battery messing with you, but if you later discover that it still acting funny then you can reach out to us" he told her before returning the keys. "Thank you, so what's my bill for your coming?" She asked. "It alright Barrister Tobori said we should put it on his tab". She smiled, everyday Toboriola gives her reasons to fall in love with him,she thought within herself,  " wait what? Am I in  Love with him?" She didn't know she has already spoken out loud, "you said what ma'am?", the mechanic asked. " Oh nothing, thank you very much"  embarrassed that she has spoken outloud.
She found herself going back to Tobori's office, smiling as she entered his office, "well well, aren't you a beautiful sight for sore eyes, so what's up dearie" he asked, leaving his desk, taking her by the hands and sat down on the Sofa. She told him about the Car, he could not believe it neither, "Are you serious! Wow that's so crazy and weird at the same time. I think God prevented you from going home so you won't be hurt" he said.
"I will agree with you on that note, because it funny that it happened, preventing me from going home, talking of my Car", she said, before kissing him. He kissed her back, " well what's that for? I mean don't get me wrong I like that you did" , he asked, surprised that she did kissed him, just when they are still talking.
"That's me saying thank you, for calling the Car repairing Service" 
"It nothing dearie, but you can show me how thankful you are again" , he said before stealing a kiss from her again. She just giggled playfully at him, before pushing him away. "Now let's be serious ,what's the plan?" .
"We have already set up a meeting with them, for next week so that the Agalu community representative could be in the meeting as well" he explained.
"That's good, I need to call Alex to know when the men that will be guarding my house will come" 
"Okay, do that" .
Okiki called Alexandra, it only rang once before she answered it , "hello detective, any update?"
"I was just about to call you, three men has been dispatched to your house, so don't worry, we are going to move soon like I said, but be careful. I am sure by now they have realized that they don't have the formula so they will come back with force, you are now a target because of it. I will advice that you put the flash drive in a safe place where they can't reach it. Also whatever you do try not to go anywhere alone. Will get back to you today," she told to her.
"Alright we will be on the lookout, be careful too"
Tobori draw her in, putting her head on his shoulder, "Thank you for everything" kiki whispered "You welcome" he replied. They sat like that for a while , each lost in their thought.

"So you failed me again the second time Bako?!,  you incompetent nincompoop, how can you do this to me!" He screamed, "What's the meaning of this nonsense papers you brought to me, because it of no use, I can't find anything helpful that I need here. A job that you are meant to do without raising suspicion!" He threw the letter opener at Bako, it missed him by an inch.  
He and his boys searched the whole house but they couldn't find anything, "Boss I swear we searched the whole house, and the Chic was not even at home, I think she kept it in a Safe or something" , he explained, trying to get back into his grace.
He was deep in thought trying to think of a way out, the days are counting and time his running out, she did not have that luxury of time, if His boys can't do what he wants. It time he get down and get his hands dirty. He decided that he will call Okikioka and invites her for a dinner, that way he will be able to reach some agreement with her. But if she resist then he will be left with no other choice but to take it forcefully from her, dead or alive.
"Even in death the professor is giving us problem" he muttered. "Since you can't handle this small task, I guess I will do it myself. I will get that formula from her" He said with arrogance.
ALEXANDRA, has been the senator's shadow, for the past few days, following him anywhere he goes. She make sure she changes her costumes in other not to be recognized. The tracker she placed on the brief case has a listening device, but it kind off distorted. She heard the senator ranting in his office, screaming about how useless his boys are, she strained hard to hear their discussion but the signal is poor.
Her boss has dispatched some of their men in the top secret operation concerning the Senator, to Okikiola's house to watch and monitor any activity out of place. Her boss insisted for her to round off with operation and bring the Senator in,  Charles her colleague has already joined her in monitoring the Senator, this past days.
They run shifts in watching him, but today after Toboriola told Alexandra of her house being ransacked, they both agreed to stay put and monitor the Senator, they suspected that he will soon make a move. The bit they heard shows that he was the one that sent his boys to searched Okiki's house.
"He will soon make a stupid mistake because he wants to get his hands on the formula by all means, we will just wait for him fall into our traps".  Charles said. 
" listen I think he just said, he will do it by himself " She muttered. "I need to inform boss, Okiki will be needing one or two of our men to follow before the Senator does something crazy".
As much as she love working alone, Charles is one of the few guys in the top secret operation that she tolerates working together. He is smart and intelligent and does not look at her somehow or judge her in the way she does her thing. You got to do, what you have to do, he always say, but it seems the new boss has something against her ways of getting information. They have only being working together since the beginning of this covert operation.
He is always polite when she reports to him, but she can feel his disapproval despite her being one of the best. They had only seen face to face once, and that was when her former boss retired and he was brought in as the new head, their Unit only deals with operations of delicate matters, like the senator's own, so as to not give room to moles. 
Alexandra could not get her hands on the new boss's file try as she may, the only information she got was that, he was once in the military before , heading their unit. She remembered the first time they were introduced, twelve months back. She have to admit that he is a hot specimen, handsome in a rugged toughened up kind of way, going to war will do that to you. The knife scar that looks like someone wanted to give him a tribal mark on his left cheek, could not take away his good looks, it only add to the bad boy charm.
She was impressed with all he has achieved at the age of Forty. The outgoing head has raved about how good and competent she is in her job and she is sure he had seen her file as well, from the way he addressed her that day. It as if he did not want to admit that he is impressed by her, or he just did not like women using all means to get  information out from a suspect. She feels like he is judging her on a more personal level and now it getting obvious obvious to her any time she reports to him. 
"Alex! Are you not calling the boss again?" Charles snapped at her.
"Yes of course" damn where is her head, she just lost herself there for a minute.
"Have being calling you, but you just seems like you are lost in deep thoughts, are you okay?" 
"Sure am fine, just gathering my thoughts, nothing deep" she replied plastering a smile on.
"If you say so, but I think you need a break, don't look at me that way, no insult intended and you are not weak. I just feel you have being working too hard that's all" Charles responded.
She did not say anything to him, rather dialing their boss line. "Pedro tell me you had good news?"
"Sir, I believe so, but then I will be needing one or two men to watch Okiki because it seems the target will make a move against her" Alex said.
"Fine, anything else?" He demanded. She gave him a run down of what they heard, he listens with rapt attention before responding. "If that is the case I want you to come in, leave Charles to continue with the watching. Invite The Professor's daughter over as well, we will work on a plan to nail the target, you have thirty minutes" he commanded.
"Yes Sir" she replied before ending the call.
"What did he say?" Charles asked. She told him, "It sounds like we will need to use Okikiola as a bait to lure the Senator, and I don't think Tobori will be happy with it" he muttered frustrated.
"Well I don't give a shit about that, it Okiki's opinion that matters, besides she will be protected"  snapping at him.
Charles stared at her thoughtfully, "It easy for you to say because you don't know what it means to care about someone else, my friend cares about her so it natural for him to want to protect her. I hope one day you will be able to care about someone like that, someone that will penetrate that hard up , thick skin" he said.
"Yea I hear you, lover boy. I'm leaving, call me if anything comes up", She said before, stepping out of the stake out car where they were monitoring the Senator. She dialled Okiki's line as she leaves, to invite her over. A part of her that is starting to care for Okiki wish there could be other way without using her as a bait, but if the Senator will be nailed down, he needs to be lured and caught in the act, she is ready to protect Okiki with everything she's got. Contrary to what Charles think, she is not hard or thick skinned like they all thought, she just know how to deal with her demons better than others.
TOBORIOLA checked his leather wrist watch and noticed it lunch time already, he is sure that Okiki is swamped with work as well, and it is his duty to remind and take her out for lunch. He smiled at the thought of her, he is missing her already. He shut down his laptop and left his office for her's. Like he predicted she is buried in loads of file she was going through. He knocked her opened door gently, "Vivian go away please am not in the mood for your chit chat" , she said without raising her head.
"So what are you in the mood for Darling?, lunch may be?' Tobori chuckles.
He loves the way her eyes lit up when she saw him, the smile slowly spreading across her face. " Sorry I thought it was Vivian, she has been on my neck since morning, let me just quickly finish this, then we go for lunch". She explained.
"I know you, let's go now, you can always come back and finish, but you need to eat." He told her , dragging her out of the chair.
"Stop Tobori" she said unconvincingly, laughing as he succeeded in pulling her away from the chair. Her phone starts ringing and he let her go to answer it. " hello, can you meet up with me at the FDP headquarters in fifteen minutes? " Alex ask her.
"Okay I can do that" 
"Good I will be waiting". She replied before ending the call.
Okikiola explained to Tobori that she needs yo meet up with the detective, "Sorry our lunch date got interrupted, I need to go".
" Do you need me to follow you?" 
"No don't worry dear, I will be back soon . am sure she just need me to make my official report." She told him, she kissed him and carries her handbag and Tobori followed her outside, eyes pulled together in worry, watching her go. He can't explain it but he feels a dull ache in His chest and it just won't go away, he only hopes everything is alright.
He decides to have lunch by himself, choosing a restaurant that is not far from the Office. He just finished ordering for his food when his Ex wife showed up. "Oh my what a coincidence I was just in the neighborhood and I decided to have lunch here"  she said battling her lashes at him.
Tobori did not believe her for a seconds, it obvious she is following him around on purpose, " oh really, what a coincidence " he replied her. She sat down opposite him without his invitation and ordered for her food as well. He kept to himself and ate his food in silence, she will not stop chattering about the time they spent together, and how much she missed him.
"What do you want from me, because I don't understand you, you've moved on and I have as well, so what's the issue"  he demanded, getting fed up of her chatters and pouting.
"Baby I miss you, I miss us okay? I want us back. Please forgive me, I love you!" She cried, shedding tears.
"You love me uh? Well I don't, I love someone else" he replied, he chuckled out loud at what he said. "Well what's damn funny!" She demanded, banging her fist on the table.
"I love Okiki, and this is the first time I will say it out, thanks to you. Enjoy the rest of your lunch because am leaving", he signals to the waiter for their bills and he left after paying. She rush after him, holding the Car door from closing she grabbed him and kissed him, he pushed her off. 
" Stop it Daisy, you are embarrassing yourself. Stay away from me please!" He exclaimed pushing her away, before slamming the car door and driving off. He was furious, how dare she, after all this while , she thought she can just waltz back in, to his life? . He has find happiness again and he will be damn if he allows any stupid woman to destroy it.
He thought of calling Okiki but decided to give her space, they are going home together after all. Home! It sounds good to him as he thought of them together in his place. He wants to shout it out loud that he loves her so bad, he laughed boisterously like someone who just won the lottery.
By the time he got back to work Okiki is not yet back, it was evening before she arrived. He was surprised that she did not check on him when she got back, he walked by her office only to find her there typing furiously away, Vivian had already gone home. "Hey babe I was worried about you, why didn't you tell me you are back?" He asked.
"I just remembered I need to finish up with what I was doing earlier " she answered back. She sounded cold and off, he wondered what happened at the FDP headquarter, that must be why she is like this. "Babe what happened where you went to, what did she tell you"?"  Tobori ask getting agitated .
"Well I met with her and their boss, we decided that the faster way out is to lure the Senator with what he wants, and that means I will need to meet up with him" 
"You mean like bait?, they want to use you as bait to catch him? But am sure you said no right?" He demanded furious.
"Well yes if you put it like that, and I decided to accept and work with the plan"
"Freaking No! I won't allow you to go on this suicide mission. I forbid you!" He was practically shouting.
"You can't forbid me anything, you are not my husband or father. I will do what I want, besides what do you care" she snapped back.
"What! How can you say that to me, what's wrong with you,".
He could just not fathom the reason for her attitude. He is getting tired of moving one step forward, and then ten steps backwards. 
" I should be asking you after all I am not the one with their ex tongue down their throat" she glared at him. Typing away furiously, dismissing him.
"So that's the reason for your attitude? You won't even let me explain? Jumping into conclusion, I don't know how you even saw us! But if by now you don't trust me then you have serious trust issues you need to work on, and until you do, you will just end up being alone. I can't be with someone that did not trust me" he left her feeling defeated.
It has being like a rollercoaster one minute they are on the high feeling so into each other, the next on the low. Until she decides to trust him, there is nothing he can do, but he will not let her get hurt on this suicide mission she is embarking on. He knew she is stubborn and it possible she will go back to her house, he just hope the whole saga is over.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Okikiola glared at his retreating back, lying cheat. How can he look her straight in the face and lie to her like that? She was hoping to get back to work on time, to have lunch with him, and update him on situation of things, only to saw his Car parked at the restaurant that is just a few blocks away from the office. She decided to join him, giving him a surprise, but she was the one that got surprised. She saw how they were kissing each other, she did not even wait a seconds after what she saw, driving off in tears.
How can he do this to me! She mutters, not now when she needs him most. She drove around just to calm her nerves and compose herself before coming back to work. Now he came to her all innocent and care, When she thought she has finally find the right man. She switched off the laptop and carried her bag, she can't even concentrate it better to just ho home.
She groaned, almost stamping her feet, after she remembers that her house is a mess, the plan was for her to sleep at Tobori's for some days. Guess she will have to lodge in a hotel tonight, then tomorrow the cleaning crew will work on her house.
Toboriola watched her enter the hotel and breathe a sigh of relief, at least she is sensible enough not to go back to her house tonight.  He drove off to his house after making sure she is safely inside one of the rooms. Tomorrow is another day, he will have to come up with a plan.
She felt so lonely, how can she be missing him already like this? She thought she even saw his car trailing her but she later dismissed it, it must be because she is getting used to him following her. Feeling so restless, she tossed around on the bed, staring at the bedside clock counting the hours to morning. She reflects back on her meeting with Alexandra and her boss. He is a very imposing man, huge and tall with rugged looks,  with penetrating gaze that looks like doesn't miss anything. 
He thanked her for, her cooperation and also give his condolence on her father's death, before he made her to understand that the best way get to the Senator is if they used her as  bait to catch him. It can be dangerous but, she will be protected and well taken care of, all she needs to do is to be ready for when he approach her like he is preparing. A fake copy of the flash drive that is encrypted will be given to her, so it won't be opened easily buying her sometime.
Okiki will accept to give him the flash at a price, because to Senator Adebanjo everybody has a price, so it better to play his game. 
Alexandra assured her that she can do it, but she promised to think about it first. She planned  to discuss it with Tobori first, but after what she saw, Okiki came to a conclusion and called Alexandra that she will do it.
Okiki sighed heavily, she can't just wipe that scene of tobori and his ex wife off her mind, staring at the bed side lamp, she did not know when sleep eventually claims her eyes. 
Sleep eludes Tobori as well, how can someone be that distrusting. How many ways does she needs for him to show her that he loves her genuinely?. To make her understand that he is not playing games. It obvious that she is like that because she did not have good example to follow, with what he could gather concerning her parents marriage.
He wonder if it men in general she did not trust or if it just him in particular.Any small thing will just triggers her off, and  Daisy keeps messing with him. "Damn woman!, Tobori cursed. He just hope she gets His message and stay far away from him.
He is just so worried about Okiki, how can they suggests she be used as bait, it crazy and dangerous. But there is nothing he can do to stop her other than for him to just make sure nothing bad happens to her, the only way to do that is for him to know the plan they are working on. He will need to call Charles for update, so that he will be prepared.
He dialed Charles number, " hey buddy is this a good time ?" Tobori asks, noticing that his voice was low and distracted. "No it not Bori, I will call you back" Charles replied, ending the call.
"Could it be that they have put into motion whatever they are planning?" Tobori mutters to himself, but he dismiss the notion, after all he can't be receiving calls when an operation is going down, or could he?. He left his bed, pacing around in his room. "Should I just go to the hotel where Okiki is? The dull ache he felt earlier is back in his chest, leaving a bitter taste in his mouth. 
How do you protect someone that keeps pushing you away? He can't just wrap his mind around it. The need to be with her, won't let him sleep, even with her distrust, she needs space and come to him baggage free, but he just hope he can wait that long for her, before he goes stir crazy with worry.
He sat down on the bed again, resting his head on the bed headrest, his body is too strung up to sleep,  he dive for his phone as it start ringing, happy to see that it Charles calling him back.
" Thank you for calling back, was going crazy here with worry"
"It alright, guess you already know a bit about the plan from the way you are sounding. I shouldn't be telling you this, because of the nature of the operation, but we are brothers. It going down soon, So I promise you nothing will happen to your girl. I make sure of that, but right now I have to go. I will let you know if anything comes up, bye".
Tobori sighed, rubbing his tired eyes, he drop his phone and close his eyes, he knows just what to do next. It was not long when he slept off Adebanjo.
"You promised to deliver the formula , but you seem not to be interested in doing business with us again, or is it the money? May be you have other people you want to sell it to" Bruno asked.
The Senator guffawed, "of course not my friend, it just some hitches here and there, but it nothing that can't be fixed. Give me few days and we will both have what we wanted" 
"Will expect your call"  he responded.
Senator Adebanjo disconnect the call, biting is bottom lip in concentration as he tries to figure out the best course of action to take. The men he placed to be monitoring the professor's daughter informed him that some men that looks like undercover Officer are trailing her. It obvious to him that she got security to be watching over her, since the house robbery incidence. 
It hight time he does something fast or years of planning will just blow in his face. He called Bako to come into his office. Bako came in, look at him expectantly, he has being looking for ways to make up for the failures. It won't help him if the boss gets tired of him, he needs to prove his worth again.
"Boss"
"Yes bako, you will arrange with your boss and bring the professor's daughter to me, bring her to the hotel and make it clean, don't injure her. Do not fail me this time." He told him.
"I will not fail you Sir", he said and left his office.
He paced around in his office, almost wearing the rug thin. His victory is just few steps away, almost within his reach, smiling ruefully as an idea drop in his heart. He rushed to the intercom and called his Personal Assistant to make arrangement for  a dinner, for two at the hotel. 
He plans to serenade her, every woman loves that, she will love it and will definitely forgive him for bringing her over by force. It time he finds another young lady after all, Caroline seems to be busy with school work this days.  He cackled with glee, his eyes twinkling, victory sure smells good.
The Senator's PA, came in to tell him that arrangement has been made like he asks.  "Very good, now carry my belongings we are going out, and this time don't be a klutz by dropping it, I need to relax before dinner" he said, smiling big and wide. 
His personal assistant wonders about what has put his boss in such a good mood like he this, after being in a foul mood for some days now, He almost had his head removed from his body this morning when the brief case fell from his hand. But whatever it is he does not care as long as the reign or terror is over. He carried the Senator's belongings after him hurriedly, it won't do to lag behind.  
Tobori watched her like a hawk, even if she ignores him, he does not care, as long as she is fine. It being a long and tiring day for him, monitoring Okiki and coupled with the fact that he didn't sleep well last night. She didn't know Vivian is updating him on her every move. He smiled at the lecture Vivian gave him after he asked for her help. She is like a mama bear protecting her cub, but after he told her how much he loves her boss, like a romantic fool , clapping her hands with glee she accepted to help him.
He is now playing spy with Vivian, she sent a message to him that Okiki is now rounding off for the day. He was surprised that she is going home early, wondering if it part of the plans she had with the detectives. 
Tobori packed his belongings as well, he needs to follow her discretely, without her knowledge nor the men shadowing her. He had hired a cab earlier, praying it  all goes according to plan. Tobori dash outside in hurry and quickly changed his shirt to another one, he placed a cap on and add a geek glasses to the ensemble. He hide in his car for Okiki to come to the car lot for her car, waiting for her to move.
She came out of the elevator looking like the ice queen she used to be, staring at where tobori's Car was packed for some minutes before walking to her car, and driving off with the security details following her. Okikiola did not enjoy being followed everywhere with the security details trailing her but Alexandra insisted that it for her protection.
She left work early to check if the house is cleaned up like she asked. If she can just sleep on her own bed today it will be a wonderful feeling. The loud bash she heard behind her,  jolt her out of 'her bed' thought. It was the car of the Security details following her that another truck ran into from nowhere. She parked her own, hoping to God that they are alive. Okiki was about to step out when four men blocked her, one dragged her out of the diver's seat, pushing her to the back seat. Another entered the driver seat's, one on the passenger seat, the other two sat with her at the back.
She struggled with them, but they were too strong for her, one hand place a cloth with a foul smelling chemical on her nose and everything went dark.
TOBORI, was following the detective's car from some distance apart when the truck ran into their càr, it all happen in a flash. He saw Okiki park, but he could not come out so she won't see him, so he waited praying that the detectives were not injured too much, it was not a fatal accident. He saw the four men dragged he out, and drove away in her car. Tobori quickly reversed and manuvered his hired car around away from from the growing traffic that the accident caused, and followed the abductors.
ALEXANDRA could not believe what she was hearing, "You say what? OMG if you can call me then you don't need the hospital urgently, so both of you should suck it up, and look for her now!".
" Will do".
Incompetent fools! Alexandra fumes. She hates pulling ranks, but these dummies need to be thought a lesson, she did not care if they are involved in accident, next time they will always be on high alert. Must she do everything by herself? Now what will she tell their Commander? the boss will be furious as heck. She hates feeling like this, the Commander seems not to like her for some reasons known best to him, if not because she is damn good at her job, Alex can't begin to think what he will do,  but these men will drive her nuts.
She has promised to keep Okiki safe, now she hope to God that nothing bad happens to her. Their plan has just gone up in a smoke. They plan to draw the Senator out on their own terms, not on his. The tracking device she place on the briefcase, has lost signal for some hours now, " could it be it has been discovered?, or he did not carry it to work? But he like the briefcase a lot and always carry it around". Lots of scenario keeps poping up in her head, but none thought that the briefcase fell and affected the chip, causing it to shake and lost signal.
Abducting her is bad for them, the Senator is showing his hands, that means he did not care about anything or anyone but the deal. Okiki cannot die, she just hope she is strong enough to stand the Senator's torture and not tell him where the real flash drive is, Alex prays they discover her on time, as she head to the office to report to "Rambo" like she calls him behind, and it not going to be fun.
JUST like Alexandra predicted, the Commander was furious, he reminding her that feel the operation blows in their faces, it will be her fault. "Tell me what I didn't know before" Alexandra mutters under her breathe, obviously he will blame her. 
"I don't care how you do it, just get her! And I want the Senator's head, now leave Pedro I have calls to make" his husky voice boomed, dismissing her.
Alexandra wanted to smash something or someone, damn. She tries calling the Senator's private line but he didn't answer his phone, this is bad because he never ignores her call. He must be busy with Okikiola. She would have gotten search warrant to search his house but she is sure he will not take Okiki to his house. She rack her brain for where the Senator's is most likely to take her. She called Charles, to meet up with her.
Charles was surprised when Alexandra told him to meet up with her. Especially when he heard the urgency in her voice, she is always in control. He did not bother bathing like he planned again, he just drag on a fresh cloths and quickly left his house.
"What's so urgent that you have to drag me here?  I just got home to freshen up before going back to watch the senator when you called". He told her,.
" Well good for you, some of us don't have that luxury, apparently the FDP, now trains incompetent fools, because now we've lost Okiki, I don't know where the heck the Senator took her, and he is not answering his damn phone! He never ignores my call, never!" She paced around her office.
"Now calm down a bit, how did we lose Okiki?" He asked confused.
Alexandra brief him on the situation of things, "but if that is the case, we can trail the Senator when he leaves his office" Charles told her.
"Don't you get it by now! He is no longer at work, the stupid replacement watching him, must have missed him when he left, may be he is sleeping or he just went to hiss himself. I am even beginning to suspect these officers, at first the two guarding her conveniently had an accident, now the one monitoring the Senator too didn't see him leave! This is why I don't like working with newbies" She exclaimed.
Charles sighed tiredly, "it called coincidence Pedro, and it happens sometimes"
"Well I don't believe in damn coincidence, now I will have to go to the Senator's office to see what I can find, but I am certain he has left the building. Guess I will do everything by myself" she fumes.
"Fine, I will follow you and wait around just in case" 
"Let's go" , Alexandra never ask for help, or say please, and Charles knew that, he is one of the very few that gets her. He sighed again and followed her out, His morning relaxation plan just went up in smoke.
They both went to the Senators office, Charles waited for her in a secreted place not far from the building, and like Alexandra has predicted, he is not in the office, the Secretary told her that he had emergency. She was even surprised that Alexandra "aka" Caroline, came without calling him first, since it is very unlike her.
Alexandra thanked her and left, she made sure she is not being followed before she jogged back to where Charles was waiting for her.
"He is not in his office, I told you" she glares at him.
"Where do you think heis hiding her?" Charles asked.
"If I know I won't be here" she snapped at him.
"Hey relax, we are on the same team here"
"I am sorry, it's just that am scared for Okiki" she said.
"You have never been scared of anything, don't worry we will figure this out", Charles promised as they both went back to office to re-strategise.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN 
TOBORI, carefully trail the car from a safe distance, in other not to arose suspicion. This is what he is trying so hard to guard against, now his worst fear seems to be happening. He silently prays that Okiki will not be hurt by the hoodlums that abduct her. A rational part of him wants to call Charles and update him, but the other that does not trust anybody at the moment, wants to know where they are taking her and see how he can rescue her. But the rational part won in the end.
He parked his hired car and wait a bit when he noticed that the car made a turn to a lone tarred road, it will be obvious if he follows immidiately, he put the car into a slow crawl and from far distance saw them,  entered a tall  building that looks more like a hotel. He could not see it clearly from afar, but he was sure of the building, since the place is a new site area.  It better for him to park the car far away so as not to arouse any suspicion. He dialled Charles mobile, " Hello, Charles " he said.
"Tobori, this is not a good time, your girlfriend has just been abducted and.." He replied distracted, but Tobori cut him off. "Yes I know, that's what i'm calling you for, I think I know where she is" he answered back getting worked up.
"Wait what? Damn tobori did you kidnap her?". Charles exclaimed.
" Are you crazy of course I didn't!, why will I do that? I think it must be the Senator goons, I saw them take her, now shut up and let me give you the location ", he said as he quickly forward the location address to him.
" Received, sit tight and keep your eyes open, please don't do anything crazy like try to take them on" Charles told him as he drop the call.
Few minutes after Tobori made the call, Okiki's car was taken out again, he hid in the car peeking out just a little from the window when the car drove past.  Tobori saw that only two men were in the car but he didn't see anything else. Could they have put her in the booth? Oh God don't let it be what am thinking, he mutters, feeling sick to his stomach.
He starts his car and followed their car in a crawling motion. He redialled Charles line, "I just saw them drove out with her car again just now, but I can't see Okiki in the car, only two men. Charles I hope to God they have not killed her, I don't know what I will do" he said, his voice breaking.
"Hey buddy, don't break down on me now, they can't kill her because they need the flash drive and she won't be stupid to give up the location of the flash I am sure. So calm down and don't let them see you following them, we are on our way too. I will track your mobile so we can know where you at". 
"Alright please hurry", he feels much better after Charles reassures him, and he thought of it too, they need the flash drive so they can't hurt her, until they are sure of the flash drive location. He was so engrossed in his thought, as he follows before he noticed the car has come to a halt. The two men came out pointing a gun at him.
Alexandra was still feeling furious and hungry, wondering what's taking Charles so long in buying their food, since it take away, they have been on patrol in their unmarked Car, trying to see if they can get any information, but to no avail. She knows it a long shot, but she is willing to try anything at the moment. 
Charles rushed back into the car, "Charles where is the food?" She asked.
"I have something better than food, Tobori just called me now and apparently he saw the abductors, don't ask me how but he knows where they may be keeping her" he explained breathless.
"Get in the car let's go, finally a good news to work with. Have his mobile tracked" she told him as she put the car in gear.
"Done that already".
" Good one, Hope you told him not to do anything crazy, I can't deal with a love struck man in love, they can be stupid a times" she mutters.
Charles just rolled his eyes at her, "Calm down and understand his view, he was scared OK? That is someone he loves, and if it were to be me I think I will do worst, nobody can be trusted, so I get it. Let's  go we will call for back up on our way" Charles said.
TOBORI, could not do anything as the men point the gun at him, they ordered him to step out of his car, looking menacing. "Calm down guys, what's going on? Is this a robbery? You can take the car", he said trying to play it as if he did not know them, but they will have none of it, they are not fooled.
"Just shut up! Didn't I tell you that this fool is following us?" He said turning to his partner.
"Me? I was just passing through" tobori said.
"Passing through? You think we are stupid, right? Are you a police man? You know the lady?" The spokesman for the two asked.
"Let's just take him to the boss, he can decide what he will do to him" the other said.
"Nah, I suggest we kill this fool, it will save us the trouble of doing it later anyways" he replied his partner, sneering at Tobori with hatred.
"Fine you will be the one to tell boss man, after you kill him and discovered that he actually know more about what boss is looking for, this guy did not look like a police man, may be he is her  boyfriend or something" he glared back at his partner. It's obvious to Tobori that the latter has more brain than the former, that one is just all muscle no brain.
"Fine let's go" he consented, as they dragged him back into his car, abandoning Okiki's car by the road. Tobori sure hope that they are tracking his mobile phone, and they are on their way, because rescuing Okiki is looking bleak by the minute.
OKIKIOLA eyes flutters opened, the fluorescent light pierce her eye lid causing her to quickly shut it again. She felt fluzzy and drugged, "where the heck am i?", She mutters. " boss she is awake" the voice said. Jolting her out of lethargy, flashes of the previous events rushed up to her, as she remembers how she found herself where she is now.
"Alright boss will do" the voice responded again.
She opened her eyes fully to take stock of the room, it was a tastefully furnished room, she guess it will be a hotel from the way it looks. She dragged her self to a sitting position, making sure nothing is amiss, thankfully they did not abuse her sexually.
"Where am I? And what did you plan to do with me!" She demanded from the man that she assumes is monitoring her, but he just behaved like he didn't hear her. She heard someone knock on the door, and Wonder who that is, but she didn't have to wonder long as the door opened and a lady wheeled in some cloths in a rack.
"What? Why are you staring at me?" Okiki demanded.
But the lady just gesture the cloths to her, "ma'am these are for you to try on. I am going to help in getting you ready for the dinner" she explained, her facial expression did not give anything away.
"What dinner?"
"Please ma'am let me just do my job"
The guard gave her a menacing stare that cause a shiver to run through her body, she reluctantly drag herself out of bed, and the man excused them, but not before warning her not to try anything stupid. She tried on different cloths, they are all beautiful gowns, with designer labels. If it were to be a different circumstance she would love to try on all the cloths with joy, but that is not the case.
She tried on the cloths without enthusiasm, but at the insistence of the stylist. She decided to go for a  black long sequence gown, it also the least revealing cloth in the rack. The front part of the cloth is covered, but the back is opened with just a tiny string like a bow at the back.
"I will take this one" she mutters.
"Good choice, I will send in the make up and hairstylist. We have just one hour left" she explained .
She pushed the remaining cloths, to one corner of the room, before bringing out her phone and barking command at whoever is at the other end, five minutes later another lady enters, one that Okikiola assumes could only be the makeup and hair stylist. She gave her a nod, and set to work on her in silence. It took her close to fortyfive minutes, before she finished with her hair and make up. 
She had to admit that she looks so beautiful in all the ensemble, they dressed her up like a royalty. The jewelry sparkles on her throat and ear, she went for a black heel sandal. Okiki could not understand what the fuse is all about, how can you abduct someone only to dress her up like a doll like this, for what? To impress her? What is the plan here? Her mind run in circles, trying to figure out their plans for her. 
She wished there is a wall clock around, just to know for how long she has been gone for, all her belongings were taken away from her, "I hope they are looking for me" she mutters. "I wonder if Tobori knows about me, but why would he care since" . Okiki brushed the tears angrily away, she refused to appear weak, there's nothing coming that she can't handle, she has being doing it on her own for long and she will yet again get herself out.
The guard came back in and gesture to her to follow him, she left the room, and step out, with another mean looking man walking behind her, putting her in the middle. They escort her through the long corridor, everywhere looking exquisite.  They stopped at another entrance, with four men, Manning the entrance. The door was opened for her, and it like she has stepped to a Cinderella fairy tale story. She reins in her gasp, at how beautiful the place is, it a little over the top for a dinner, but it the Senator what did you expect.
There sitted, at the table decorated for two, waiting for her, is the man of the hour himself. Dressed in white tuxedo, he grinned at her like the cat that just ate the cream, four waiters were on attention besides him. 'Well aren't we the romantic' she fumes under her breathe as they walk her to the table.
She is now sure that she is in an hotel, it must be one of the hotels owned by the monster himself, it obvious that they are the only guest in the building.
"Oh my Darling, aren't you a breathe of fresh air, please have your sit" he said, eyes twinkling with mischief. "Please pardon my boys, for bringing you here forcefully, I told them to invite you over not to err for you here"
"Kidnapped me you want to say?" Okiki sneered at him disdainfully.
"Now let's not get carried away, kidnapped? Of course not, lawyers with all their big grammars" he guffaws.
"Why am I here Senator? Because I don't think it to just have dinner with you" she demanded.
"All in due time, darling. All in due time. Let's eat first, after all the night is still very young and believe me I have all the time for you" he replied raising a glass of wine to his lips.
Okikiola wish she can just smash the wine bottle on his head, and wipe the stupid grin off his face, if he thinks she will just roll over and play dead, then he is got another thing coming. All her father's work and labour will not just end up in the hands of this nincompoop, never.
The food taste like rubber in her mouth, forcing herself to swallow it by using the wine to wash it down her throat. She never knew eating can be so tasking like this, she glanced at him, as he eats , stuffing his mouth with food, eating with gusto. After making several attempt to eat and failing miserably, she just stopped, pushing the plate away from herself, waiting for him to finish and get down to business.
Okikiola watch with irritation on her face, as the Senator took his sweet time before finally asking the waiters to clean their table.  "Can we now talk or do I have to wait for dessert?" She asked.
"Tsk tsk..such animosity and impatience. Fine since that's how you want it, let's get down to business, but we are moving to a more relaxed area" he said. He stood up and glanced at her, waiting for her to follow is lead, they left their dinner table and moved to a corner in the big room with comfortable Sofa's.
"You know a beautiful lady like you should not be working so hard, you deserve to be adorn with designers and blings" he said.
"Are you for real! Why don't you just come out and say what you want exactly!" 
"Fiesty, I like my women like that, I will just go straight to the point. You have something that belongs to me with you, and i want it Darling that's all" he replied innocently.
"I don't have anything that belongs to you, may be you have me confused with someone else, and if you are referring to the money you gave me on my late father's funeral service day, then you don't need to drag me here to collect it, I can always transfer it" Okiki responded playing dumb.
"Oh that's a gift my dear, I am referring to the formula for the HIV/AIDS antidote that your father left for me, am sure you know what I am referring to, and there is no need for you to play dumb now" he said, spreading his hands at her.
"Well don't know what you are saying, nor do I have anything of such with me" 
"Come on dear, you don't want me to lose my patience do you? My boys have treated you well since you got here, and I don't want that to change, but it all lies in your hand. So I will ask you again where is the antidote formula?" 
"I don't have it and even if I do, I will not give it to you, you this monster!" She glared at him. She felt a hand strike her across the face, Okiki screamed holding her cheek, her eyes waters in pain. It was one of the Senators men, she didn't even know when he got close to where they were sitting, because he was some meters away from them. She is sure the place will be swollen up very soon.
"See what you made me do now! I don't want to hurt you but my men will not allow you to insult their boss, chose the easy way and let us be done with it"
"This is why things are not working well in this country, it because men like you are in power, doing what you like, killing people and abusing your power. I know you killed my father and I will prove it, murderer!" She screamed, jumping out of her seat, the deadly looking guard that slapped her earlier, was about to strike her again, but the Senator stopped him by flickering his hands for him to step back, but not before he pushed her forcefully back on to her seat.
"This is where you got it wrong, it people like me that makes everything runs smoothly, we keep things in balance. Your father is a stupid naive man, and you are behaving just like him. This patriotic attitude will not help or save you, if you die here no one will know or come to save you!" He sneered at her.
Okikiola folds her hands and continues to glare at him, her heart beats like someone is playing samba, sweat is starting to form on her arm pit despite the air conditioning, but she refuse to give anything away. She wonders if this is it, will she die the way her father did? She will not get to have her own family? Nor tell Tobori how much she loves him. She tries to fight it but he worm his way into her heart. How can she let him go like that, without listening to him. Nothing matters anymore now.
One of the men came in and whispers into the Senators ear, his eyes lit up like Christmas tree and he nod his head in affirmative.
"How God works his miracles" he cackles.
New fear grips Okiki, could it be they know where the flash drive is kept? If they do that means she is of no use again, they will surely kill her.
She gasp out loud when two men dragged Toboriola inside, his eyes was already swollen, but he just smiled when he saw her, still very much alive. The Senator look at him thoughtful, before glancing at Okiki, trying to guage the mood. He must have seen something flickers in her eyes, which satisfied him and gave her away.
"Interesting, guess my boys hit the jackpot by bringing your boyfriend here, he wanted to play the heroic boyfriend, how touching" he giggled like he is high on drugs. He stretched out his hands and a pistol was placed in his hands. Strolls to where Tobori is held down by the two guard and smiled.
"Now this is how we are going to do it, tell me where the formula is and I will spare your boyfriend's here, life. Lie to me and he gets his head blown off, it your choice. I hope you know I don't make empty threats" he told her, as he graze the gun around Tobori's head.
Tears she has been trying so hard to keep at bay rolled down in torrent, despite everything he still came after her, and now his life is on the line because of her, she wiped the tears away angrily, and stood, walking to him.  "Fine I will tell you, but you have to let him go first" she demanded.
"No Okiki you can't do that, I won't allow you. It your father's legacy and I forbid you to give this monster!" He exclaimed, which only annoys the Senator further, he signals to the men and they started kicking him, okikiola screamed for them to stop, begging the Senator that she will do whatever he wants. "Please just stop beating him" she pleaded. He signals again for them to stop.
"Are you ready to talk or is it until we beat the crap out of your boyfriend?" He asked.
"I will tell you where the formula is promise" She replied, "am sorry" she mouthed in silence to Tobori.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
"Please tell me you have gotten through to him, damn but why is he not answering his damn phone!" Alexandra snapped, hitting the stirring wheel in annoyance. Charles has been trying to reach Tobori but his phone is just ringing to no avail, Alexandra is already on edge.
"I have a bad feeling about this Alex, Tobori will never ignore his call, something must have happened to him, let's just locate the address he sent earlier, I am sure we will be able to locate the place, let's just hope nothing bad happens"
"This is what happens  when you try to play hero" she mutters. She switched the gear and increase the speed. She did not want to give anything away, but she feels a sort of bitterness in her tummy. She just pray she is not too late, she has already sent a message to her boss for back ups, should in case it result into a shoot out, because she is sure the Senator will want to resist arrest.
They followed the address Tobori sent, to the building where Okiki was kept, but with Tobori's car no where in sight. Alexandra parked their car away from building, and they both left the car.
"I can see close to four guards patrolling around the gate entrance, what's the plan? Because I am pretty sure their will definitely be more on the inside" Charles said in a whisper, after using the binocular to view the building.
"Give me a second let me think..hnm..okay we will have to take out the guards at the entrance. I will distract them, we also have the element of surprise, backups will also be here soon" Alexandra replied.
She quickly removed her jacket, leaving her with just a white sleeve less top on, she run her hands through her hair, fluffing it up a bit, and applied a red lipstick . She look like a sex kitten, a far cry from the badass Agent that she is, Charles couldn't help but stare at her, she is just effortlessly beautiful. 
"So again what's the plan?" He asked, it kind of confusing seeing her all dolled up like that, "just follow my lead, men are habit of creature, just be prepared to use your hand to hand combat, once we move closed to the building, just attack me okay?, we will move from there, alright?"
She tucked her gun behind her back, another small pistol inside her boots, before stepping out of the car,  and start walking towards the building, Charles followed her, the moment they were a few meters to the guards, Charles attacked her from behind, she screamed calling for help, Charles prayed everything  works according to plan before they shoot them both.
"Help me please! Agh..let me go!" Alex screamed, struggling with Charles. Just like they hoped for, the guards rushed to her aids, trying to save the beautiful damsel in distress. They attacked them the moment they tried to rescue her, years of training kicked in, and within three minutes they have disarmed them, and gave them a thorough beating. They tied them up together after knocking them out cold.
Alex insisted that, Charles should stay outside and wait for backups, and to be on the look out, while  she scout round the hotel to see if okikiola is still in the building. "Be careful" Charles told her.
She entered the hotel, dodging the security cameras. She located the back entrance, and quickly took the stairs, elevators will just give her out. Her first place of call was the surveillance room, two men were there guarding the place, but they were both discussing a football game, may be if they had paid more attention to the camera, they would have seen them outside.
"Hello, boys your boss sent me to you as a present" she said batting her eye lashes at them, cat walking into the room, they both whistled with excitement, but before they could approach her, she knocked them out, "fools, men ! They are all the same, to even monitor a small screen is too much to ask from them" she mutters.
She saw where Okiki, and Tobori is, with the senator pointing his gun at Tobori, and two guards holding him down, there are two other guards at the entrance. She need all the element of surprise she can get, to pull this off, without harming both of them.
The six men team are already in place, and they trooped in with stealth.
Alexandra breathe a sigh of relief as she saw them, signalling to them where the other guards are, she donned the bullet proof vest she collected from one of the men on quickly. She gunned the two guards down with silencer, and gently opened the door, the senator was screaming at Okiki to give him the formula, while the other two guards were busy beating toboriola up, in a corner.
The Senator's back was to Alexandra, so he didn't see her enters, but Okikiola who was facing the senator saw her, Alexandra had to give it to her, she did not even show any sign that she did, Alex signaled to her, to keep him talking.
"Do you think this is a joke, that I won't kill your boyfriend or you as well if you don't give me what I want! You think I don't know that you are trying to stall?, now tell me truthfully where is the formula!" He screamed, with saliva flying everywhere.
"So you will kill me like you killed my father right?" She asked.
"Your father is a stupid man like you, and he got what he deserved because he dared me, like you are doing now!" He snapped.
"Good you can say that again in court, useless man"
"Which court? Of course I will deny everything" he cackled, pointing his gun at her.
"Well it quite unfortunate for you Senator because everything is now on record, you are under arrest" Alexandra said from behind, before the two guards could shoot her, one of her men gunned them down.
Tobori rushed to Okiki, not caring that he is in pain, with blood all over him. The Senator was shocked to see that the game is up for him, and tries to make a last attempt by shooting Okiki, but Tobori pushed her away, but not before the bullet hit him. Okiki screamed, as another gun shot rang out, she  rushed to Tobori's side, in tears.
"Please don't leave me, I love you, I need you, please!" She screamed.
That's the last thing he heard before everything went dark.
FOUR WEEKS LATER
"Dust to dust, ashes to ashes...", Okikiola was just partly listening to what the Rev. Father was saying at the cemetery, eyes red with unshed tears, and frustrated, she waited till the casket was lowered down, before quietly slipping away, just like she came, the dark sun shades conceals her identity. She slipped into the back of the dark tinted Mercedes Benz that brought her, heading straight to the hospital, she checked the watch on her dainty wrist, realizing she is far behind schedule.
Okikiola smiled when she saw him, fully dressed and relaxing on his bed, despite spending weeks on hospital bed, Toboriola still looks yummy as ever.
" Hey Darling" She said as she slowly walks to him, he smiled at her, drawing her in for a kiss, he groaned like a man who was in drought , thirsty for water, Okikiola eased back, not wanting to hurt his injured side, but he will have none of it.
"Easy tiger" she chuckled. "We don't want you to get hurt now , do we?" She said caressing his face. He groaned in defeat. His thoughtful eyes miss nothing as he stares at her, waiting for her to tell him what the matter is.
"What is it? Do I have something on my face?" She asked mockingly.
"Well am waiting for you to tell me what you have being up to, and especially with your eyes red, though you try to cover it up" he asked lovingly.
"My love your eyes miss nothing"
"Spill it then"
"Fine I went for the Senator's funeral service" she whispered.
"Oh my darling, come here" he hugged her, allowing to cry silently.
"I just want to make sure that the son of bitch is really dead you know? It makes me so angry that he get to die,  it seems too easy for him after everything he has put my family through. He almost killed me, if not for you, I am so angry at him" she sobs.
"It alright princess I understand your anger, and that is why we are going to make sure that people like him, don't have free day in the society again. Let's nail those bastards" he sighs, running his hands through her hair. 
"You scared me baby, I thought have lost you" she whispered.
"I'm here, and am not going to die any time soon" he chuckled.
Okikiola was so grateful to God that Tobori did not die that night, it all happened in a blur. One minute the Senator was screaming at her, demanding for the formula, the next minute he was shooting, it was one of the special forces men that shot him when he tried to shoot her again after missing his target. 
The rest of his men were arrested, including the head of his security team, the young man that saw them that night they killed her father,  identifies them and he is willing to testify in court. She is waiting for Tobori to be cleared for resumption so that they can both chew them raw in court.
This days work is no more exciting without him around at work, she misses him. Even on hospital bed, he is still working despite her warning, but that's him for you. He drafted out the compensation agreement for the Agalu community case, while she handled the meeting. She was even surprised that he trusted her to be able to do it on her own without the fear that she will use it as a stepping stone for making Senior partner,  and after arguing back and forth the oil exploration company finally give in to their demands, not wanting to drag their name in the mud.
Tobori just smiled when she recounted how the meeting went to him, it as if he has something up his sleeveless, but she could not put a finger on it.
"I can't believe you took a bullet for me" she sighed yet again, bringing her back to the present.
He kissed her instead of saying anything. "I love you and I will do anything for you darling, and am so glad this whole ordeal is over" he whispered.
"Yea me too".
" I want you to know that I will never cheat on you babe. The day you saw my exwife and I, was caught off guard too believe me" he explained, lifting her head from his shoulder to meet his eyes.
"Shss..I believe you babe, I do and I am so sorry for allowing my insecurity issue to get in the way, I love you so much. Nobody has ever cared for me the way you did not even my parents" 
"I love you more" crushing her lips with his again. They jolt apart like kids caught with their hands in the cookie jar, when his mother came in followed by his two sisters in tow.
"Knock it off you too, this is a hospital, stop trying to give us high blood pressure with all your hot chemistry"  Teni the outspoken one said, holding her chest in mock pain. They all laughed, so happy to see Toboriola doing well.
"I don't need to ask how you are, seeing how you are both enjoying yourself" his mother chuckled. 
Since the shoot out , Okikiola found herself getting more closed to the family, they did not even blame her for the incident, it feels good to belong to a closely knit family.
She watch the twins poke fun at their brother and she just smiled with joy, thankful for him. He will be discharge once the doctor in charge comes, that means he will be going to his family house, and she will not be seeing him everyday like she usually do, these past weeks, and it saddens her.
"Hey what are you thinking babe" tobori called out to her, drawing attention to her. She didn't even know that the sadness shows on her facial expression.
"Nothing to worry about dear, I am fine" forcing a smile.
"So my daughter, I hope we will be seeing you more often in our home, now that your man is going to be recrupriating at home with us" Mrs Dasilva said , holding her hands.
"I will try" Okikiola replied, shyly .
"Mum don't get yourself worked up on my behalf, I will just be staying few days with you and dad" he  responded, hearing what his mother said.
"You hear him? This is the thank you I get" Mrs Dasilva replied.
Okikiola and the twins just chuckled at Mrs DaSilva .
Toboriola, used only a week at his parents house like he said, before resuming work and going back to his own house, but his mother insist that Okikiola should always check on him at his house, that woman can be frustrating at times, but he still loves her.  He sighed as he swivel around in  his chair, he kept turning the letter in his hands over without opening it. It been a week now since he resumed and he is not feeling it anymore.
He smiled as Okikiola knocked and enters, "how are you doing darling" she asked smiling like only a woman in love will. "I am fine now that i see you, come here" he draws her unto his lap. Gently kissing her.  " I presume you got the letter as well" he saud, seeing the unopened letter in her hands.
"Yes I did, but I couldn't bring myself to open it. Isn't it ironic? I wante d to make partner so bad, now I don't care if I win or loss. I just want you Tobori, I choose you," She whispered holding on to him.
"Thank you for saying that, you just made me the happiest man on earth, what do you say, we tear these letters, and create our own luck?" He asked.
"Yes darling we make our own luck, I love you toboriola"
"I love you too my ice princess" he whispered back, as they both tore the letters to shred without reading it.
Epilogue
The first case the Dasilva's and Ogunfeso law firm, will try is the Senators mens case, and it not surprising that they won, and it's a first of many wins for them.  Their boss at their former law firm was shocked when they both resigned, After registering and starting their own Law firm.
It only logical for Tobori to make a honest woman out of Okikiola, even after she insisted on it not being necessary, it just a paper after all, but she loves Tobori too much and before long she gives in.
She adjust her flowing red gown straps, and finally carried her clutch purse, before sauntering out of the bedroom, Tobori is already waiting for her. 
"You are truly beautiful my dear, I am so glad I put a ring on that beautiful finger of yours" he said, his eyes lit up when he saw her.
"Husband, you are not looking bad yourself"  she giggled.
"Well I try" he said before drawing her into his waiting arms and kissed her. "I will be the envy of everyone tonight".
The dinner is in honour of her late father, after three years the government finally recognized her father's work with his breakthrough in finding cure to the deadly disease. The government waited that long in honouring him after they were absolutely sure that the formula is stable. He finally got what he desires most, even in death. An NGO foundation was also commissioned in his name.
" Yes darling, and I will be the envy of every woman as well, and when we get back I intend to show you just how much I love you" she whispers as she kissed him, she has never being happier.
AUTHOR'S NOTE
Thank you! For reading, it really mean alot to me, and I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did writing it. Will love to hear from you
Adekitan Adeyemi is the author of over four romance novels available in ebook at the moment,  on okadabooks.app , Amazon Kindle, lulu,  and other online stores. For sneak-peeks at new-releases, covers, and to win exclusive members-only content, sign up to her blog or follow Adekitan on facebook.  To apply to become a AA Advance Reader, and get your hands on e-books ahead of publication in exchange for an honest review, please email adeyemiadeitan@gmail.com
You can also follow Adekitan on Instagram http://www.instagram.com/Adeyemiadekitan to get alerts for new releases. 
Happy Reading!
All the characters in this book are fictitious and have no existence outside the author’s very-vivid, non-stop imagination. They have no relation to anyone bearing the same name or names and are pure inventions. All rights reserved. The text of this publication or any part thereof may not be reprinted by any means without permission of the Author. 
Contact Adekitan:     
Email: adeyemiadeitan@gmail.com
bloghttp://dekitan.wordpress.com/
Bonus Read
CHAPTER ONE
LIEUTENANT ALEXANDRA PEDRO, sighed in frustration, the zip of her luggage has decided to choose this moment to get stucked. What could be more frustrating than being called back from the well-deserved, over due vacation, she had planned for herself? Nothing!. She left the luggage zip she was wrestling with and drift outside her small cabin , taking in the comfort of the serene environment. 
Alexandra earned this vacation, it's being like forever, since the last time she went on one. It's always about work, besides it's not every day a girl turns thirty-two. She had promised herself this vacation, after she closed the late notorious Senator Adebanjo's case, few years back. It's the longest time she had spent undercover to solve a case, hence the promise to pamper herself for once after the operation. It's never a good time, due to the nature of her work, yes she loves her job, what's not to love in putting the bad guys behind bars, and being damn good at it. 
The need to go on vacation became more urgent for her, when the nightmare started again. It's always the same reoccurring dream she's been having, which is now consistent this past few months. It's always about her foster father, about to force himself on her , before she stabbed him. Alexandra always wakes up the moment she stabs him, screaming. 
Alexandra can't explain why the nightmare that has stopped, came back to haunt her all over again, though her shrink explained that, it was triggered by the last undercover operation she was involved in. She went undercover as a mistress to a corrupt, now dead Senator. In carrying out her duty, she had to sleep with him in other not to blow her cover. 
The therapist explained to her that, though her brain understands why she needs to do what she had to do, her emotions cannot come to terms with it again. It's like an altar ego scenario. 
Alexandra finds it difficult to accept the therapist explanation. Sex has no emotional hold on her, besides, the strongest men have fallen because of it, so using it as a means to an end- to catch the bad guys is no big deal to Alex.  
But now her vacation just went up in a smoke with one damn phone call, a call from the Captain himself, issuing a command for her to board the next available flight back to Nigeria, because of a new development he chooses not to discuss on phone. The bastard obviously knew she left on vacation outside the country few days ago, and still choose to call her back to work. It's like he enjoys tormenting her. 
She is good at her job, but that does not mean she is the only one that can handle cases in the Secret Security Service, under the Federal Police Department. Alexandra had only spent two days in one of the best resort in Malibu, enjoying the sun and the ocean, she had lined up lots of fun activities for herself, but now she will bid all that farewell. 
She files everything away into her memory, to relieve the moments later, hopefully she will come back soon, and finish her vacation. 
"This damn new development, should better be worth my vacation" she mutters, before stepping inside, to finish with her packing. 
Alexandra was seated in the business class, she straps on her seat belt as the plane prepares to take off. The man seated besides her keeps stealing seductive glances at her, as if he wants to swallow her whole. Alex finds it annoying, ignoring him altogether. "Men, they are all the same" she thought to herself in irritation. She is used to seeing men drool over her, even at work. She does not look like a lady with any mean bone in her body. 
Alex looks far too sexy to be an agent, not to talk of being one of the best in hand -to- hand combat, also a sharp shooter. Her male colleagues in the department under estimated her when she first came in, thinking she is a push over, because of her innocent look. A face and body which looks as if she belongs on the cover of a glamorous fashion magazine for models, but they soon realized they were wrong about her. 
Her neighbor did not catch the hint that, she is not interested in talking to him. 
"Hi, you are very beautiful you know, I am Dare Adegbite, CEO of--" 
"And I am trying to catch some sleep here" she cut him off tonelessly, before closing her eyes. She tuned him out by plugging a headset on. 
Alexandra can't remember the last time she went on a proper date, relationships are definitely not her thing. Love and all those romance crap are just energy sapping. Love makes you weak and vulnerable, she wants no part of it. Sex she understands quite alright, no complications, its better that way, call her ruthless, that's just the way it is. Growing up in a foster home, under the circumstance she found herself will make anyone lose whatever form of touchy-feely emotion they have left. 
Alex pride herself in keeping her emotions under check, though the control seems to be cracking up any time she is around Lanre Cole, her new boss from hell. 
She groaned in annoyance as she thinks about him, in few hours time, she will be facing him in Nigeria, God help her, she needs all the help she can get, in keeping tight leash over her emotions around him, and he seems not to like her for some reasons she can't just explain. 
No man has ever given her the cold shoulder like the way her boss has been doing, she evokes different emotions in men, but definitely not the subtle hostility she feels when she is around him. Alex can't deny that the Captain is an attractive man. She imagined that he will be more attractive if he can just smile often and ease up a little, or is it just with her alone that he is all hard up ?she wonders as she drifts to sleep. 
******* 
"Yes Sir" 
"Captain I need result, as soon as possible, I want you on top of this case" 
Lanre cleared his throat, "we are handling the situation, I will update you the soonest Sir". 
"Good, I trust you, and hope the lieutenant is back?" 
"She will soon join us, Sir" Lanre Cole replied. Trying not to let his irritation show, for the life of him, he does not understand why his boss insisted, that Alex should be involved in this case, especially when she is on vacation. 
It's not like he hates her, but he just can't deal with her unconventional way of doing things. 
"Captain are you there?" 
"Yes Sir, I hear you loud and clear, will get back to you" bringing his thought to present moment. 
"Will expect result soon, because the family as you know are well-connected and pressure is mounting on me too. Take care Captain" 
"Yes Sir". Dropping the receiver. 
Lanre rubbed his fore- head slowly, hoping to relieve the tension he was feeling. He opened the case file of the missing woman on his table again, staring at the celebrity. Natasha Brainard is indeed a beautiful woman, even at fifty-two, she looks far younger than her age. The years have been kind to her. He is not the movie watching type, but you will have to be living under a rock not to know the legendary actress.  
He raised his head, when he heard the knock, " yes, come in" he called out. 
"Well ..well, look at who we have here" he thought, as Alexandra steps in, looking sharp as usual in her trade mark, jeans and black jacket. The cloth shouldn't be damn sexy on her, even if she wears a rag, it will still look glamorous on her. She is just effortlessly beautiful, and a damn distraction. 
Alex closes the door gently, "Good day, Captain" she said, though deep inside, she is asking herself if it's really going to be a good day, considering the way, he was glaring at her, as if she stole something from him, and for the life of her, she felt as if he can see right through her, reading her thoughts. She cleared her throat. 
" Please sit lieutenant " he said, gesturing to the chair in front of him. 
She draws out one of the swiveling chair, and sat. His office is nothing out of the ordinary, but his imposing figure makes the place look as if she is in front of the General himself. 
"Welcome back, sorry that your vacation was cut short, but like I told you something important came up" 
Alex almost snickered out loud, sorry indeed, she is sure he is not. "It's alright Sir, I am here now" 
"Here is the file" extending the case file he was studying to her --"Natasha Brainard, age Fifty-two, missing. Her husband said the last time he spoke with her on the phone, she was on her way back home from, a meeting, thirty minute later he tried her line again, but she was not answering her calls--" 
"Please hold on a bit Sir, but this is not the usual cases I handle? Besides this woman has only been missing for less than 72hours, am sure she will turn up--" 
"Lieutenant don't interrupt me again" he snapped at her. 
"Sorry Sir" she mutters. 
"I don't understand what you mean by your usual case, your duty is to go through this case file, and get to work, this is a very sensitive situation, and the family did not want the press to get a wind of it, let me know the leads you come up with before shifts ends" he said, dismissing her. 
"Yes Sir" she stood up, taking the file along with her. 
"One more thing lieutenant, we work together on this one, so I don't need to tell you that time is of the essence" he added, as she opens the door. 
"Dutifully Noted Captain" . 
Lieutenant Alexandra closed the door of her office behind her, and sagged against the door, releasing the breath she had been holding in, since the Captain said they will be working together on the case. She dragged herself to her seat, dropping the file on her desk. She has not slept since she got back. Thank God she slept on her way back. Her flight touched down in the early hours of the morning, and she simply drops her luggage at home, cleaned up, then head to work. The moment a new unresolved case hits her table, sleep always eludes her, no matter how hard she tries. 
She opened the file and stared at the picture of the missing woman, there is something so familiar about her that she can't place a finger on. Alex wonders if she had seen her movie at a point in time, and that's why she feels like she knows her. 
There is nothing much to go on, with what she had on the file, it was the husband that reported her missing. "Why will he assume that she is missing? When it not up to 72hours when he reports it, Wealthy people with all their problems" she mutters. Alex stared at the picture of the beautiful woman, "where are you?" She whispers. 
She powered on her computer, and typed the missing woman name in to the search engine, lots of her pictures filled the screen, articles about her, she saw pictures of Natasha with her husband, he is a good-looking man, looking impeccable and dapper in his suits. They look pretty much happy together as they smiled for the camera. She did not see any picture that includes her children. 
Alex discovered in one of the articles, that Natasha did not have a child. She is also with her second husband. Her first marriage ended with a messy divorce, five years ago, before she got married to her latest husband four years ago. Alex searched again for articles about her ex-husband and discovered that he is a CEO of one of the largest Tech company in the country, money is obviously not the problem here, so what led to their messy divorce? Could it be infidelity? On her part or his part?. She thought. 
Natasha is a beautiful woman, who looks like she is in her thirties, so she will obviously have a lot of admirers. She is also from an affluent family, " The Wellington's" are well-known in the political circle. Alexandra was surprised that Natasha is from the family. So many unanswered questions have start popping up in her mind. Alex knew the only way to get answers is to pay the husband a visit, and hopefully get things started from there. 
ALEXANDRA snagged her jacket from the chair where she dropped it, and stepped out of her office. She will not get anywhere by playing Cop in the office. The last thing she needs is for her boss to call her lazy. Sauntering out of the office, she was stopped by one of her colleagues. 
"Lieutenant Pedro can I pick your brain a little?" He called out to her as she passed through. 
"Bello, not now please, let me get back from my errands" 
"Alright, and welcome back from your leave" he said. 
Alex rolled her eyes at him, and left. She steps into her black Sport Car, putting in Natasha Brainard home address, into her GPS before driving off. 
It was pretty much easy to get the house location, thanks to the GPS, as she navigates her way into the Estate. Alex flashes the security man her badge, and she was buzzed in. She drives through the large estate, pulling in front of the huge mansion. She couldn't imagine leaving in such a big house, as she parked her car in the place marked visitors. Alex walk briskly to the door, rang the bell, and waits. 
The door was opened by a middle-aged woman, that she presumes will be one of the house staffs. 
"Good day, I am Lieutenant Alexandra Pedro, here to see Mr Brainard, is he home?" She asks, keeping her tone friendly. 
"Yes, but is he expecting you?" She asked, not moving an inch away from the door. 
"It's okay Flora, let her in" the husky voice commanded. 
Flora steps aside from the door, and Alex walked in. The voice belongs to the man she was hoping to meet at home himself. He was casually dressed in jeans and T-shirt, barefooted, but still managed to look sexy. 
"Good day Sir, sorry I came without prior notice, but I believe you will understand, seeing as we both want the same thing, which is to get to the bottom of this matter, and bring your wife home as soon as possible" Alex explained. 
"It's alright, I'm happy you guys are on top of things, please have your seat" he said, gesturing to one of the couch. "Flora gets the Officer a refreshment" he replied, flashing her, a captivating smile as he sat down opposite her. 
Alex smiled back, but politely decline the refreshment offer, and took her sit. "Mr Brainard I will like you to take me through what exactly happened that day" 
"My wife left home very early, for a meeting, and she decided that she would like to drive herself, she does that sometimes. I spoke with her in the evening when she was heading back home, and she told me, in thirty minutes time, she should be home. Forty-five minutes later, she hasn't arrived. I called her lines, but they were not going through again" he explained. 
"Why did you think she is missing? Because I noticed you reported her disappearance 4hrs after you tried calling her, don't you think that's somehow presumptuous of you?" Alex questioned him. 
"I understand what you mean detective, but it was getting dark and my wife is not yet home like she told me. Natasha is always on time, besides she has been receiving some threats letters lately" he added. 
"What is in the letters?" 
"That she is too old to be with a man like me" wincing as he said the last part. 
"Old?" Curious to know what that last statement meant. 
"Well it's a known fact that she is older than me, by couple of years, I am Forty-five, but of course I'm not bothered because I love my wife", he quickly defended their marriage. 
" Trust me I am not judging you Sir, but can I see the letters? I need to take it with me back to the office, to analyze it and see if we can get some finger prints" 
"Sure, Let me get it for you" he said before leaving. 
Alex glanced around, admiring the house decor. She sips the juice the maid brought slowly as she waits for her host. 
He sauntered back in, "sorry for keeping you waiting, here it is", extending a brown envelope to her. 
" Thank you, I need to be on my way back to work, this just put a new spin to the story, let me know if anyone calls you, may be to ask for ransom or anything" 
"I will let you know, thank you detective " he said, walking her out. 
Lanre was getting furious, where the heck could she be now, he had tried calling her but no response. He heard the soft knock on his door, "Yes come in" he called out. 
"Captain, you asked of me" Alexandra said, as she steps into his office. 
"Where in heavens name have you been? I tried calling you but your cell was not going through!" He demanded. 
"I ran out of battery Sir, have not been able to charge it since I got back. I went to Natasha Brainard's house to ask her husband some questions, concerning the case--" 
"You did what! Without informing me first? Which part of what I said earlier you don't understand. Lieutenant I will not stand for this insubordination" he fumes. 
"Sir! But you told me to get to work, I was just trying to find new leads, so that I can give you adequate report, I don't know  what I did wrong Sir, Why do I have this feeling, like you disapproves of me?, is there a problem boss? You seem to be judging me right from the moment you set your eyes on me!" Alexandra asked indignantly, eyes glinting, trying so hard not to lose the last shred of control she has left. 
Protocol be damned, but she refuse to stand here and watch while he treats her like a rookie. 
Lanre Cole walked to where she stood, more like stalked her, like a hunter cornering his prey, eyes blazing with anger and frustration, towering over her, despite her above average height. 
"Yes lieutenant, I do have a problem with you, in fact a huge one" he growled.. 
"Finally we are getting somewhere, so what's the problem, Sir?" Irritation lacing her words, 
"This is the problem" he said, before crushing his firm lips on hers. It was like volcano blast hit her, for a moment there, she could not breathe or process what's happening, but it was just a few seconds before her body snapped out of the daze, and returned the kiss with more passion and heat. 
It's over just like that, leaving Alex, still gasping for breath. He stepped back from her, giving her space. 
"You see why it's a huge problem?, Now please excuse me I have some things to work out" he said, Alex caught the double meaning. 
She did not remember leaving his office, everything looks hazy, her boss just kissed the heck out of her. For the first time a man left her speechless, and she did not like the helpless feeling one bit. The case totally forgotten, she walked back to her office in shock. Alex can't deny that she has secretly wondered if the tension between them is more than meet the eyes. Now she has her answer. 
How will she deal with all these emotions that her boss just invoked in her? It's better to just pretend nothing happened, she thought. Will it be possible any time she stares at those beautiful eyes of his?, Alex wonders. 
Excerpts from Alexandra's story. "Taming of the Wild One"
