THE POMPEIIAN HORSE
by Gabbo de la Parra


Copyright 2016 Gabbo de la Parra
Published by Kidwell-Lovely 
Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for purchasing this ebook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to purchase their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.  Thank you for your support.
This ebook is a work of fiction. While reference might be made to actual historical events, the names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.
This ebook contains sexually explicit scenes and language, and may be considered offensive by some readers (M/M foreplay and intercourse). All characters in this book are age 18 or older during the narrative.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

THANKS
PREAMBLE
PROLOGUE
1. ANIMOSITY
2. BOUNDARIES
3. COMPROMISE
4. DEBT
5. ENCOUNTER
6. FATE
7. GIFT
8. HEIGHTS
9. INTENTIONS
10. KINSHIP
11. LIGHT
12. MEANINGS
13. NERVE
14. OUTCOME
15. PENALTY
16. QUIRK
17. REPENTANCE
18. SACRIFICE
19. TOUCHSTONE
20. VIRTUE
21. XENIUM
EPILOGUE
COMMENTS
GLOSSARY
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
STOP BY AND SAY HI!
BOOKS BY GABBO DE LA PARRA
THANKS
It’s been almost three years since the journey of The Pompeiian Horse began, and because it has been a rocky road I must give a big shout-out to Tomás “7 Colinas” Roma for his support during the late efforts of this journey— invaluable help and deep knowledge of Ancient Rome. 
Two amazing betas chose to remain anonymous, and I respect their decision. Still, those two know who they are, and my sincere appreciation goes to them with all my heart.
Natalie was so amazing that my only way to give thanks was to give her a part in the story. Even though Natalie is the English version of a Latin name (Natalia), its Latin version wasn’t used until after Christianity became a force within the Roman Empire, long after 79 AD (or CE if you are not into Anno Domini). Therefore, every time you see the name Thalia, know it’s a tribute to this awesome woman. 
PREAMBLE
Romans were people ahead of their time, and, precisely because of this, the characters in this book speak as we do today. You will not see many Latin words in this story. They were used when a current equivalent didn’t exist (mostly festivities, titles, and names). 
When you see the words “kid,” “boy,” or any others that may imply very young age, they do not mean children (unless it is clearly stated at the moment). These words describe a separation of wisdom and knowledge more than actual age. Manhood ceremonies during Ancient Rome were realized between the ages of fourteen and sixteen, and even younger in some other cultures of the time. Regardless of that information, all main and secondary characters in this story are older than 18, even if they may appear younger. 
Many things that could be seen as shocking today were common occurrences in Ancient Rome. Remember, these were peoples who enjoyed watching gladiators hack each other to death, and accepted slavery as a normal thing. Their moral compass was not the one we use today, even if many of our laws have their roots in their wisdom and philosophy. 
Be aware that, except between actual lovers, penetration was an act of domination not of love. Masters saw their (male and female) slaves as property and used them according to that notion. This did not make them villains. Yes, there were brutal masters (as surely as we have brutal bosses today), but this was not a rule, and there were many slaves who did live happily once they accepted their station.
Therefore, the characters might sound and think like us, but we need to understand their culture is not ours. Let’s keep in mind these are peoples from a faraway time with different customs and great valiant hearts.
PROLOGUE

What you are can never be taken. It can only be surrendered.
—Tom Ziglar

THE YEAR OF THE FOUR EMPERORS
Hidden behind the bushes, Janus Vettius Crispus saw the yellow hare protecting something, he wasn’t sure what. The march of his legion to the Rhine border had been hard, and he was ready to eat something fresh. He had come to take care of some bodily functions away from camp, hearing the little furry creature as he finished. 
Janus was ready to throw his dagger and get that much-needed fresh meat when a large brown eagle swept into the small clearing and caught the hare.
Fuck.
But before the eagle soared too high, it let the hare fall. The chunky yellow thing landed sideways, sprang (cocking its head left and right and sniffing the air), and then scurried away. 
So long, nice stew. 
Well, Janus would have had to share it, and that wouldn’t have left that much for him anyway. Still, after a moment, as he headed back to camp, he felt that what he’d just witnessed was more than the Circle of Life. Why would an eagle drop a perfectly good meal? Something in his gut told him that this wasn’t mere Nature; it was some kind of omen. He didn’t know which god to ask for wisdom, though, and the calls of his brothers in arms quickly made him forget about the incident.
Two days later, as they razed a village that had been abetting the Legions supporting Vespasian, Janus entered a hut, bloodied and in a carnage frenzy. He found a blond boy (not a boy, he was young, but surely a man by the standards of the Romans and his own people) folded, pounding and yelling, over the body of a dead woman. This gave pause to Janus.
The young man lifted his head and, seeing Janus, pointed his finger at him. “Murderers!”
“You speak our language?” It was a really odd thing to say to someone screaming at you. Amid the sounds of fire and death outside the hut, Janus couldn’t think of a good reason for such a silly question.
Nevertheless, the question also stopped the accuser. He cocked his head sideways, a fleeting look of surprise on his face. That motion brought the image of the yellow hare back to Janus. Then, the blond answered. “Yes. I was the interpreter between my people and the legionnaires who were here before you.”
“How old are you?” 
They were in the middle of a fucking battle, and still, Janus was asking the kind of questions you used in a friendly meeting. He must have gone insane before entering the hut.
“I am fifteen winters old.” Blond eyebrows knitted together. “Why are you asking me these questions if you’re going to kill me?” Eyes that had been full of rage and hatred were now wide with confusion and another thing Janus couldn’t quite name.
And it suddenly hit Janus with the force of one of those cudgels these barbarians loved so much; he was the eagle and this boy the yellow hare. He couldn’t kill him— orders be damned. The will of the gods was above the will of his centurion. “What? No! I’m not going to kill you, but others might. Run! Run for your life and don’t look back!” He waved his bloodied sword and shield. “Go!”
“No! I won’t leave my mother!”
“She’s dead! Don’t you think she’d want you to live and be able to avenge her later?” There he went again, saying something completely stupid, taking into consideration that this boy’s vengeance would be against the Romans, Janus’s people.
Shaking his head in disbelief, the blond stared at Janus agape. Five heartbeats later, he seemed to come to a resolution and nodded. He took a long dagger from between the folds of his mother’s dress and stood up. 
For a moment that appeared frozen in time, Janus and the blond had their eyes locked, both with their weapons raised. The stupidity of his actions slapped Janus in the face. The boy looked like he was about to pounce, but then he did an about-face to jump over a window. With one leg over the sill, he turned and gazed at Janus. “Thank you. May my gods protect you.” He was swiftly gone.
Janus took many lives that day, but the only things haunting him that night (and many others after that) were the gray, stormy eyes of the young barbarian interpreter.

1. ANIMOSITY

MARCH
The guards at the Sea Gate saluted him, recognizing his rank. Janus had been and still was Prime Centurion of the Lucky Flavian Fourth Legion of Dalmatia— sent to Pompeii on a leave of absence by his superiors. He needed a retreat, or he would go mad.
Nebulus had a tired gait due to the long journey. Janus dismounted and gave his horse to a groom in a nearby stable to allow the poor animal some rest. He threw a coin to the young man and grunted, “Someone from the house of Pompo will come to fetch him.”
Spring flowed in the air, and a festive atmosphere enveloped the crowded streets. Janus had never seen any other Roman city with so much red on its walls. He didn’t like red; it reminded him too much of all the indignities of war.
Two boys with straw in their hairs and yellow straps around their faces in the guise of bears fought with sticks against each other. “I’m Equus the Stallion, grr,” yelled one. “No, no. I am the Stallion,” riposted the other, thrashing the first with his stick. 
Janus smirked and left the boys to their little battle.
“Half a copper for your piss, soldier,” said a stout man in front of a laundry house. He had a wicked gleam in his eyes as if, more than going to use the piss for the cleaning mix, he wanted to look at Janus doing the deed. “You have to go sometime anyway,” he added, waggling his eyebrows.
Snorting, Janus shook his head, but Nature did knock at his back door, and he found public latrines to relieve his bowels. The old man sitting next to him appeared to have been there for hours, even dozing off a little. Reading the wall, scratched with many inscriptions, Janus saw the name Equus again. “Equus is the olive oil in my ass.” “Beloved by Apollo and adored by Venus, the Stallion rules.” Of course, many other writings assaulted his vision (apparently the people of Pompeii took very long dumps), but the same name was repeated many a time and always with some kind of devotion. 
Equus the Stallion.
Equus meant horse, so it was kind of redundant to also call him “the Stallion,” which in itself was an odd way to call a regular person; the man was probably a gladiator. Nevertheless, this individual sounded like a local celebrity by the way the kids in the mock fight wanted to be him.
Done with his body’s business, Janus soon discovered Pompeii had few streets with designations, and he found himself in need to ask for directions. Stopping at an open place where the owner served hot foods and drinks (there were many along the streets, but this one seemed adequately decent), he asked, “Where is the house of Pompo, good man?”
The entrepreneur smiled at him and asked in return, “Stew?” He stirred his concoction with a metal ladle. It smelled good. 
“Thanks, but I’m not hungry right now.”
“Fish?” The chubby man grimaced, then shrugged when Janus shook his head. “Your loss. My garum is to die for.”
Once you’d tried one fish sauce, they were all the same. Janus grimaced back. “I just need directions.” Then he noticed a painting, more like a drawing, in the shrine behind the insisting businessman. A blond, bearded man dressed in a white short tunic held a sword and had laurel leaves crowning his long locks. Janus pointed with his chin.  “Who’s that in the shrine?” Because it wasn’t any god Janus could recognize. 
“The Stallion, of course,” the cook said as if Janus was dumb for not knowing who was depicted in the almost amateur drawing. He smiled (the way you do to patronize a slow person), this time with an open mouth showing a couple of missing teeth.
The idea of rolling his eyes fleetingly crossed Janus’s mind. “Pompo’s house,” he said with a growl, smacking a coin on the stone counter and making the other customers look at him uneasily.
“Straight, and after two water pumps turn left. The house is at the end of that street,” was the response, using the ladle to point the way (narrowly avoiding spattering Janus), after the coin had been rapidly snatched from sight.
“Thanks,” Janus grunted and stomped away, leaving the other customers to their gaping mouths and whatever ideas they desired.
The following streets were so crowded it was infuriating; Janus’s scowl wasn’t enough to stop people from bumping into him. The nice breeze he had felt, while on his steed, was soon replaced by sweat and the competing odors of man and beast and labor. Everything seemed designed to call your attention forcibly. The streets were not exactly narrow, but between the people and the carts and the businesses that seemed to vomit their ventures over the passersby, Janus was getting beyond vexed.
Since the people coming and going wouldn’t respect his uniform, Janus started to push and elbow his way just like the rest of them. They were so used to this method that no one even flinched, no matter how rude and snarly he became.
At last, Janus found the house (Pompo’s street was less frantic than those nearby), but he was inexplicably more miffed after hearing two women giggling and bringing “the Stallion” to his ears for the nth time since his arrival. 
It was almost noon, and most villas already had their doors opened for the day at this hour— spread to show the owners’ wealth and invite the neighbors’ curiosity. His cousin must be used to start doing business at his own rhythm, disregarding conventions as usual. Janus knocked on the street door. A cutout around the vicinity of Janus’s thigh opened. By the features of the man, he was a midget. “What can I do for you, Centurion?” he asked. 
“I’m Janus Vettius Crispus, cousin of Pompo. He expects me.”
“Oh, yes. Please, follow me, Centurion.” The slave opened the door and turned sideways, inviting him in with a flourish of his stubby hand. At the entrance of the atrium, the dark statue of a faun (as tall as Janus) welcomed him. 
At least it’s not a fucking blond stallion.
The central garden thrived with perfumed flowers, and people worked on the many bushes. Janus’s cousin had acquired the house eight years earlier, so this was his first visit to it. The house their parents shared had not been the same after the earthquake when Janus was eleven years old, so it had been abandoned. Pompo’s residence appeared large and sumptuous if the frescos claiming Janus’s attention (even in the corridors’ walls) were any indication.
Ten years his senior, his cousin was a prosperous merchant embedded in the booming coastal resort of Pompeii, the Vettii family’s place of origin thanks to their Etruscan ancestors. Janus left after his manhood ceremony and, as he enlisted, Pompeii became a fading memory.
Shorter but thicker than Janus, Pompo appeared and grabbed him in a bear hug worth of any untamed beast in the Arena. “My dear Janus, last time I saw you, you were a little faun, now you look like fucking Hercules! What did you do with my baby cousin, huh?”
He had been named Crispus for his curly hair, and only his immediate family called him Janus; especially Pompo, who only used the Crispus name for Janus’s pubic hair. 
“If you pinch my ass, I’m going to smack you.” Janus laughed amiably, recalling long-forgotten moments of his youth. His childhood seemed so far away, even if he hadn’t seen thirty summers yet.
“Oh, but you had the roundest cheeks.” Pompo patted Janus’s ass, still entangled with him. “I reckon you still rock a hot rump, baby cousin.” 
 “And you always wanted it, but I ran faster than you every time.”
“That you did.” His cousin pushed Janus at arm’s length to study him. “You’re too pretty to be fighting. You should be at the Senate where your good looks would serve a more propitious cause.”
“You’ve never stopped scheming, you fat snake.” Janus punched his cousin in his chunky shoulder.
“Snakes are symbols of prosperity, pretty boy.” Pompo swatted Janus lightly on the chin with his closed fist, then patted him on the back. 
“So are phalluses.”
“I see you could be quite a dick too!” Pompo snickered fondly. “Oh, come on. Are you hungry? I haven’t eaten my morning meal yet. I had a really rough night.”
“Thalia still giving the good battle?” Janus chuckled, arm in arm with his cousin.
“At the hour the owl hoots, that woman wants dick, and if I’m not there, she would ravish whoever is at hand. I wouldn’t have a single slave standing if I’m not there to quench that fire.”
“You should be thinner then,” Janus remarked casually.
“Nah, she likes to ride a lot.” 
Janus snorted. “Where is she?” he asked.
“Still sleeping. We let her wake up on her own. She’s not a morning person, and if you poke that lioness before her time, sweet Jove help us!” Pompo didn’t say these things as a man afraid of his wife but as one madly in love. 
Janus smiled sincerely, the lightness of his cousin threatening to make him forget his foul mood. They entered an ample room where couches awaited them and lavish pastoral murals graced the walls. Three comfortable couches surrounded the low circular table as if Pompo regularly shared his meals not only with Thalia but with (at least) another guest. They reclined facing each other, leaving the middle couch for Thalia in case she awoke and decided to join them. 
Pompo dispatched a slave to fetch their meal. Janus blurted out the question that had been nagging him since he entered his cousin’s house, before settling properly on the long pillow. “Um, who’s Equus… the Stallion? Is he a gladiator?”
“Oh, no. Well, he used to be one, though.” Pompo snickered, his eyes sparkling with the sort of mischief Janus was recalling back pretty swiftly.
“I don’t understand,” Janus narrowed his eyes, “used to be, but not a gladiator anymore?” It didn’t make any sense.
“The Stallion is only the most famous male whore of Pompeii.”

2. BOUNDARIES

MARCH
Horse poured wine down his spine. It was a complicated maneuver since the customer below him wanted the wine to run between Horse’s ass cheeks and into his mouth as he licked Horse’s hole. They always took painstaking measures to ensure they would come to a customer squeaky clean; the men of The Zoo were no alley whores to leave their customers’ cocks all brown. 
If people could scrub a floor so much that you could eat on them directly, then a naughty customer could get his kicks drinking from their orifices— after they were ready for business.
“That’s good wine, but your hole is even better, Stallion.” The customer used teeth, and Horse hissed. Mistaking the hiss for pleasure, the customer continued his praise, “You’re the most beautiful man in Pompeii.”
And yet the customer was obsessed with Horse’s behind at the moment, instead of his face. Groaning encouragingly, Horse murmured, “You honor me with your words.”
Even when Horse had been Equus the Stallion, the gladiator, the crowds always exalted how handsome he was, acclaiming his skills since no opponent had been able to mar his face. Currently, as one of the whores of The Zoo, Scando had cunningly named him just Horse, not Stallion— perhaps to take him down a peg. But the owner of The Zoo had never understood Horse didn’t do things for fame or glory, he did things because they were right.
The customer finished with his drinking and moved to kneel behind Horse from where he rested on his back. He licked what was left of the wine over Horse’s spine, caressing his flanks with soft, ringed, aristocratic hands. On all fours now, Horse trembled under the touch, and the customer moaned, certain that he was moving the beast beneath him.
However, Horse’s reaction hadn’t been pleasure or disgust; it had been something else altogether, an unsatisfied need. Not just because the whores were not allowed to come unless the customer paid for it. They could always pleasure themselves alone or share quick moments of lust with the other whores, and, yet, this was a craving Horse didn’t know how to explain. It was an urgency without a clear goal— the restlessness of the atmosphere before a thunderstorm.
The head of a hard cock rubbed over Horse’s hole, guided by one hand as the other wound Horse’s hair around it and pulled. “The lamps make your hair shine like gold,” the customer said throatily.
One pain became two as the man impaled Horse with a harsh thrust, but he knew this customer, and the ordeal would be short— the man too excited to last long since he was fucking “The Stallion of Pompeii.” The customers always used Horse’s former name, even if the Whores Master aimed to keep them in line using less generous titles.
Next morning, the men of The Zoo assembled to share their morning meal. Horse looked at the empty “smalls” table. The last two of the younger whores had been sold the previous day. They didn’t look like younglings anymore and hadn’t bulked to gain access to the “larges” ranks. Horse was sure Scando had a new batch of “smalls” coming; he wouldn’t risk losing that part of his clientele. Luckily for Horse, he would never be sold like those kids since he hadn’t been bought— he was under a contract. Most of the men of the “larges” table were former gladiators like him, in the same indentured slave status, even if their contracts had different reasons and lengths.
Ox approached the table, walking funnier than usual. His obsidian skin gleamed in the early sun, and his thick hair (fashioned backward to end in a wide braid almost like a tail) looked in dire need of fixing. He grimaced as he sat down. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Horse asked.
“Last customer of the night messed me up.”
Big and resilient as the animal that gave him his whore name, Ox wasn’t that easy to be manhandled. Horse couldn’t imagine what a customer could do to leave him looking like this, especially without Scando’s consent.
“What did he do?”
“Well, it was kind of my fault actually,” Ox admitted sheepishly. “We were drinking after we sparred, and I bragged about my ability to fuck myself with my own cock…”
Horse rolled his eyes; Ox’s bragging had put him in more than one tight spot. “So?”
“He convinced me to show him and then fucked me while my own cock was still inside me.” Ox flinched. Apparently, it sounded worse once voiced than when he just had it in his head.
Horse’s mind was about to wander to that time during his childhood when he saw two horses trying to mount a mare at the same time, but the smack of a hand on the table brought him quickly back.
“Yes! Double penetration can be brutal,” offered fiery-haired Tiger so casually he could have been talking about the clouds above them. He stuffed a spoonful of porridge into his mouth cheerfully, emerald eyes twinkling playfully.
Massive Rhino and Elephant nodded, grunting their agreement.
Lion only arched an eyebrow and smirked after popping several cherries in his fucking piehole. His stupidly thick black mane brushed to perfection so early in the morning. 
“But that wasn’t the worst part of the closing act of the night.” Ox paused because even in the middle of a not-so-triumphal story, he loved the enraptured attention of his audience. “The low-life took me on my back!” He flailed his arms in disbelief. “I, the Numidian Ox, taken like a fucking Roman matron! How depressing is that, Horse?”
“A lot,” Horse agreed. Yes, they were whores but still men, and men were mounted like beasts not ravished on their backs like wenches. Or at least that was the general consensus among the former gladiators presently whoring at The Zoo. Even Horse, who actually preferred men, unlike the others, could count with one hand’s fingers the times he had been on his back for another male. “Next time don’t let the wine do the talking and brag about the longitude of your cock. It’s a waste of saliva since you can’t fuck anyone with it as long as you’re within these walls.”
Ox sighed. “You’re right, but even a brute whore foolishly dreams,” he said, almost contrite, losing some of his usual cocky manners.
“While we’re here, we are just holes—bodies for entertainment. Still, we’re luckier than others, our contracts have expiration dates. Other male whores don’t have that luxury. They’d consider themselves fortunate if once they’re too old for whoring someone buys them to be scribes or housekeepers.” Horse shrugged.
“I’m not waiting till my contract expires. I’m gonna buy me out of it soon,” interjected Tiger.
“Dreamer.” Rhino, the only one of the “larges” group truly owned by Scando, spat the word out as if it was laced with poison. 
Dreams can become goals; we just have to choose the right ones.
“You still have five years to go, Tiger. Damn sure you’re not gonna be able to walk straight by the time Scando is done with you,” Rhino added, a sour rictus claiming his mouth.
“Well. Ox had his two cocks, and my last freak relieved his bladder inside me as we fucked. Not a pretty outcome, let me tell you.”
“It’s not a contest, Elephant,” Horse said, shaking his head. “Besides, that, more than ‘outcome,’ was ‘income’,” he grinned, “I just hope you took care of those sheets before Scando has an apoplexy.”
“What makes you think it happened around sheets?” Elephant countered, waggling his bushy umber eyebrows— the only hairs in his head since he was bald and beardless like a freshly laid egg.
The six men at the table guffawed.
“What about you, Tiger? Something out of the ordinary?” asked Rhino, leaving part of his gloomy mood behind.
“One old fart wanted to fist me, but Scando wouldn’t allow it.” Tiger shrugged. “A loose hole is bad for business,” he added cheekily.
“It sure is. Probably just wanted to fist you because the thing between his legs didn’t work,” commented Elephant dispassionately.
Red hair waved as Tiger shook his head slowly with a pained grimace. “Trust me, the thing worked. The gnarly codger was feisty.” 
“If it was a competition, I still win,” Ox declared, back to his usual exuberant self. “No one else was double penetrated last night!” He looked around waiting to see if anyone contradicted him.
The others looked among themselves. Apparently, Ox was the winner of the no-competition.
“So what? You were on your back with your cock and another inside your chute.” Lion snorted. “Why is this worthy of our attention or praise?” he said, petting the neatly trimmed beard around his mouth; the pair of green swamps on his face narrowed disdainfully.
“He wasn’t talking to you,” Horse snapped before Ox could say anything.
“And I wasn’t talking to you either,” Lion answered, his chin up, his face defiant.
Rhino and Elephant moved closer to Lion, as they usually did every time a confrontation between Horse and Lion loomed around the “larges.” Tiger and Ox shifted toward Horse’s end of the table. Loyalties clear as the men took sides.
“You need to mind your own business,” Horse growled.
“Or what? Your luck will run out someday, and there’s not gonna be anyone around to separate us.” Lion pushed his stool backward but didn’t attempt to stand up.
“I’d say you’ll be the one forgotten by Fortuna that day.”
Lion and Horse had been enemies since they were gladiators. They had faced each other at the Arena twice. The first time, the people saved Lion, the next they saved Horse. And it had never been a secret that Lion hated Horse for earning his freedom before him. 
How Lion ended up as part of The Zoo men was a question Scando always evaded. More suspicious was the fact that their master had allowed Horse’s enemy to keep his gladiator name: Lion of Carthage. Horse suspected Lion had followed him here just to finish him off. The jackal’s son was the kind to cut off his nose to spite his face, even if it was a very handsome face. Horse only had a year left on his contract; Lion’s time was running short.
“I’m gonna get you, nag, and it won’t be pretty,” Lion growled, putting both hands on the table, his torso moving forward, his eyes mere slits.  
“Be careful, kitty puss, even an old horse kicks.” Horse raised his cup in a mock toast and drank.
“Both, shut your traps,” Scando ordered as he dumped a bunch of wooden swords on the table, bowls, cups, and fruits jumping and scattering with the impact. “All that energy is about to be put to good use,” he said, dusting his hands. “Pedicas is sending some new gladiators to train with you. Remember these are newbies, so don’t fuck them up, or you’ll be the ones paying for broken merchandise.”
Lion and Horse scowled at one another but stayed quiet. Tiger, on the other hand, opened his mouth as soon as Scando finished. “So, just because we don’t compete anymore we’re supposed to be less rough?” He scoffed.
Scando ran his hand down his face and looked upward, surely asking for patience. “You are part of The Zoo for two reasons.” He showed as many fingers. “One, you’re good looking. Two, as a former gladiator, you’re the next best thing any man with money could hope to fuck since the law against forcing actual gladiators to have sex was implemented. Your purpose here is to entertain, with your strength and your holes. The customers pay to fight with you and then fuck you.” He shrugged. “Sure, some come straight to fuck you, but most want the fantasy of fucking a gladiator after losing to him or as a reward for defeating the beast.”
Ox elbowed Tiger and whispered, “Don’t be obtuse.”
“Shut up. I just like to rile him up,” Tiger said under his breath.
“Therefore, you need to stay in shape and train like the real deal,” Scando continued his exposition, “and I think that, you fools, training newbies for the gladiator houses is an excellent complement to your daily routine.”
“And you get a fee for that, so it’s a win-win situation,” said Elephant, false cheerfulness in his tone.
“Exactly. Thank Jove you are not as dumb as you look.” Scando gave each man at the table a stern look. “Today and tomorrow you’ll train Pedicas’s men. The day after tomorrow, the new batch of ‘smalls’ arrive, and you’ll train them then.”
Four men whooped. Ox rubbed his hands together. “See, Horse? Looks like some fucking is coming our way.”
Horse had been part of The Zoo for four years, and this would be the first time he had to train new members of the whorehouse. He didn’t know how to feel about it.
Lion came six months after Horse, and he was in the same situation. He didn’t cheer like the others, but there was something in the way he stared at Horse that seemed like trouble would be heading their way during “that” training.
“Yes, you’ll have your chance to put your dicks in some holes, but remember, you’re to break them in, not to leave them broken. Even if they know their purpose, and some customers would not be gentle, you need to show them that it can be done without being messy.” Scando clapped his hands, visibly exasperated after his long exposition. “All right be done with your food quickly and prepare yourselves for the day.” Before he turned around to leave, his eyes found Horse’s, and he nodded.
Used to Scando’s random acknowledgment, Horse refrained from rolling his eyes and just grimace-nodded dutifully.
Some of the men grumbled about the spilled food and drinks but started rescuing what they could.
Horse finished what was left in his bowl. The hard training would be a good distraction— not just to avoid killing Lion, but to forget about that recent, inexplicable craving tormenting his body.
He just hoped it was enough.

3. COMPROMISE

MARCH 
Janus had always been more comfortable in his uniform; he felt out of sorts in civilian clothes. Even after several days of being on his official leave of absence, the long toga felt alien— like something restraining him instead of proclaiming his station. Still, there was no point in thinking too much about this as they walked back home. Pompo had chosen the Central baths instead of the one by the Forum today because the priests of the city were doing the recreation of the procession in honor of Mars, the Tubilustrium, which should be happening in Rome with twelve Patrician youths carrying the sacred shields. 
A merchant city surrounded by farming lands, Pompeii was a huge follower of Mars, god of the armed forces and farmers, destruction, and all masculine things. As a member of the army, Janus should be there amid the chaos at the Forum, but he had paid his respects the previous night during the cleaning of the trumpets. Nevertheless, it seemed that their detour had an ulterior motive. Pompo and his bodyguards, Thalia and her female slaves, and Janus stopped in front of a two-story building with bright green-colored walls (never mind the graffiti all over them) and paintings of ferocious animals on its massive wooden doors. A sign dangling above the entrance gave away the name of the establishment— The Zoo.
“Here we are,” said Pompo grandly.
“I didn’t know you had animal exhibitions in Pompeii.” Janus grimaced.
Thalia and her girls giggled, her blond curls trembling gracefully with the action. “No, cousin. This is the all-male whorehouse Pompo mentioned the other night.”
Pompo tried to scowl at his wife, but it turned into a smirk; proper Roman matrons were not supposed to talk about whorehouses and situations beneath their station. But in Pompo’s house, Thalia was not just a wife but an intimate friend, and they were far beyond propriety. It was a beautiful thing.
“Where the Stallion works…” Janus arched an eyebrow.
With a wink, Pompo simply said, “Just so you know the way from the villa, in case you want to come and take a look.”
“You know I could ask someone to bring me, right?” 
“Taking a look is one thing. The owner lets you see the guys, and if they are practicing or fighting you could watch, but to use the services it’s by appointment only.”
“You seem to know a lot about this place.”
“A man wants something different now and then.” Pompo looked at his wife, and she giggled again, her cheeks coloring this time.
Janus had the feeling Thalia watched her husband when he was trying different things.
“I mean, now that you’re here we could finally get you a nice girl to settle down and give me some nephews and nieces to care about.” Pompo smacked Janus on the back. “Meanwhile, you could get rid of all that tension having a nice sword fight with a former gladiator and fucking the living daylights out of him afterward.”
“Are you sure this is appropriate language in front of your wife?” Janus looked at Thalia, and she was covering her face with her gauzy veil now, perhaps embarrassed, perhaps to conceal her enjoyment of the situation. Janus added, “Besides, I don’t believe in love. That is something the gods only give to mess with us.”
“So young to be so callous.” Pompo shook his head, chuckling. “And you are perfectly aware that not all matches are love matches. Not everybody is as lucky as our parents, or Thalia and I.” Pompo grabbed his wife’s waist and smashed her against him. It was something Patricians didn’t do in public, but Pompo had always acted more like a merchant than one of the Roman elite. Thalia yelped contently. Before Janus could open his mouth again, Pompo asked, “Have you ever been in love, cousin?”
Have I?
The only feeling he could call close to love was attached to a fantasy, an ideal that his mind had conjured during lonely nights in the frontlines or while rotting in forts protecting the Roman lands. “I think I lost what you might call ‘love’ in a battlefield a long time ago. Now, I only have the needs of my body.” True, he had exchanged fluids with other soldiers, but that had been more about necessity than passion.
“I bet riding the Stallion would help your body then,” Pompo said, prompting another gale of giggles from the women in their party. 
In that moment, the big doors of The Zoo opened. A man, older than Pompo and who had been handsome at some point of his life, walked between the two slaves pushing the doors. “I heard somebody said ‘the Stallion.’ Are we talking about my Horse?” he said to the people closest to the door at large, then his eyes landed on Janus’s cousin. “Dear Pompo, it’s been a while since you have come to my humble establishment.” He bowed minutely.
Pompo cackled. “There’s nothing humble about The Zoo, Scando. Fortunes had been lost within those walls and rocky cheeks.”
The owner smiled mechanically. “I’m just a modest purveyor of masculine entertainment.” He turned to Pompo’s wife. “Mistress Thalia, you bless my morning with your presence.” He smiled genuinely and his bow was more pronounced this time.
Thalia inclined her head wordlessly, only her eyes peeking from her veil.
“Scando,” Pompo called the man’s attention, “this is my cousin. Janus Vettius Crispus, Prime Centurion of the Fourth Legion. Since his arrival, he’d heard a lot about Horse. You know how much the people of Pompeii love him.”
Equus, Stallion, Horse? The man must be a four-legged beast.
Scando nodded, but he seemed somewhat uncomfortable. “Yes, Horse is very well-liked.” His attention zeroed in on Janus. “I hope you grace us with your presence soon, Centurion.” The man appraised him openly, like someone thinking about purchasing a stud but not sure of its abilities.
This irritated Janus. “I’m not sure your ex-gladiators are used to truly trained men. I don’t think your Horse stands a chance against me.”
“I assure you, Centurion, my men are highly trained. You could actually put them in the Games, and they would fight their way out easily.” The words seemed harmless, but something in the weasel’s eyes was very condescending. His unctuous behavior felt poisonous.
“Let’s do something,” Pompo grabbed Janus by the shoulders and pulled him in, “I’ll pay the fee. If you don’t like the experience, you haven’t lost a single silver.” He shook Janus. “Come on. It’s good to try something new now and then.”
Janus groaned. “All right. I’ll give it a try.”
“Excellent.” Scando rubbed his hands together— a gesture that didn’t change Janus’s idea of the man. “I’ll have everything arranged for the day after tomorrow. You may come after midday so you have a nice stretch to confront Horse before sunset and enjoy your time with him afterwards. He’ll be reserved only for you that day.”
“That’s very soon of an opening.” Janus wasn’t sure what made him say those words.
“I just learned of a cancellation.” Scando cocked his head sideways. “And we don’t have centurions of the legions frequently.” 
“Very well.” Janus nodded. “I think it’s time for us to go.” He turned to Pompo and Thalia.
Janus’s cousin and his wife said their goodbyes to Scando, and they all started moving. Janus steered the conversation to anything but the recent encounter in front of The Zoo. Before turning a corner to reach Pompo’s street, Janus tripped over a giant phallus carved on the sidewalk. Markers like this were all over the city, good luck symbols, but it felt like an omen for Janus.
Pompo chuckled but didn’t say a word. Janus just scowled at him. After they entered the villa and Thalia excused herself, Janus and Pompo sat in Pompo’s office. A slave served honeyed wine. Pompo smacked his lips, delighted. It tasted like vinegar to Janus.
“What’s on your mind, cousin?”
“Why a whorehouse fashioned like a gladiatorial house?
“It’s against the law to fuck actual gladiators. One always desires what one cannot have, ergo Scando’s booming business.”
“What prompted that law? Most gladiators are slaves, why can they not be used as such? They are just property.”
“The rumor is that before the earthquake, seventeen years ago, a group of gladiators, tired of being used as fuck toys, convinced the priests of Neptune to hold an underground sacrifice, during the Spring Feast, six months before the Neptunalia. You were little, but I’m sure you remember the earthquake.” Pompo shrugged. “You, sons of Mars, are a superstitious lot and see portents everywhere, so it shouldn’t surprise you that the Council of the city immediately came up with a law to avoid another catastrophe.
Janus was eleven when that earthquake happened. It was one of the few things of his childhood he remembered well. Perhaps, unconsciously, it had been one of the reasons why he never came back to Pompeii after his departure years after the event.
“Nobody thought much about it until about seven years later when Scando came with the idea to open an all-male whorehouse, using the burly, rough ex-gladiators as pitch. And no one has been able to use the idea after him. The last attempt ended disastrously for the poor fellow.”
“Do you think Scando had something to do with it?”
“Whoever tells you they like competition is also telling you they think you’re an idiot.” Pompo laughed. “The man came up with a marvelous idea, and he’s going to milk that tit until it’s fucking dry!”
“You just said that we soldiers are a superstitious group, and I have a bad feeling about going to The Zoo to meet this Stallion or Horse, whatever he’s called now.” 
“You’re not going to meet him to become friends, just to blow off steam. I don’t think the soft, round form of females can quench whatever is eating you.” 
“Being superstitious is what has saved my life many times,” Janus admitted reluctantly.
“What you need is a clash with another brutal body, and what’s better than him, who you seem to have a nice dose of animosity toward already.”
I don’t have anything against that man; I just don’t like pompous morons—exactly why the Senate is not a goal for me.
“I just don’t see a reason for people to adore a whore so much,” Janus grumbled.
“I believe you, but this is Pompeii. We’re an eccentric city.” Pompo nodded and smiled at Janus fondly. “I have a feeling that blond beast is going to be good for you.”
“At least I’m going to find out what all the hoopla is about.”
“At a minimum,” Pompo said, that wicked light in his eyes again.
Janus didn’t like it.

4. DEBT

MARCH
Six young men came into The Zoo’s courtyard completely naked. They had hair on all the right places, so Horse was sure they were of age, just looked young. Scando was a rat, but not a pervert. Besides, if he got caught with underage whores, he could lose his business. The “larges” were equally nude, and Ox and Tiger were already semi-hard. Horse shook his head.
Scando stood with two baskets in the middle of the space, one in each hand. “All right, my ‘smalls,’ pick a ribbon to see which of the ‘larges’ will be your tutor.” They guys moved forward and started to choose ribbons, all of different colors. Once they finished, Scando put that basket on the floor. “Until your tutors give you a name, we’ll call you by the color you’ve chosen and you need to wear them around your head. If I catch you without your ribbons you’ll be punished. Understand?”
The six “smalls” nodded in agreement and tied the ribbons over their foreheads. The darker of the two dark-skinned boys (he had gotten the pink ribbon) seemed to want to ask something, but one look from Scando appropriately discouraged him.
“Come on and get your boys, my brutes.” Scando pushed the remaining basket forward, a nasty grin on his face.
Lion elbowed his way to get a ribbon first. “Pink,” he said, arching an eyebrow and looking at his charge. “Kind of skinny but nice, plump lips. You’ll do fine.”
Pink smiled a bit too eagerly.
“He’s not for your pleasure but to train him.” Scando waggled a finger at Lion. “Don’t abuse this opportunity.”
Rhino was the next. “Brown!” He waved his ribbon. The other dark-skinned kid was his charge.
Tiger got green. Elephant got black. Ox got red. That left Horse with the blue ribbon. His charge was the only one with truly long hair, and he appeared to be the shiest of the lot. Each charge moved toward their tutors. Blue gave Horse a little smile, his eyes downcast. 
“Hello. I’m Horse.”
“I know,” whispered Blue, his voice breaking.
“Now,” Scando called their attention, “we’re gonna do mouth skills first. Here, in the courtyard, all together because the weather is nice and sometimes a customer might want to have more than one of you with him. So, you need to be used to doing things in front of others.” He looked at each pair. “I don’t let customers share one ‘small,’ so no group will gang up on any of you individually.”
“Lucky them. Tiger doesn’t have that same fortune,” hissed Ox.
“Shut it. It’s not my fault those morons wanted to recreate the siege of Emerita Augusta,” growled Tiger under his breath.
Still,” Scando continued, “there could be group gatherings, so you need to be ready for that. Whores can’t be shy.” He gave a pointed look at Blue.
Blue swallowed audibly, his auburn hair sparkled red as he nodded. Horse wanted to punch Scando for singling the kid out on his first day. It wasn’t fair.
One of the house slaves distributed cushions; others brought six high backed chairs. The ‘larges’ sat, their charges kneeling at their feet.
“All of you had done things with men before or you wouldn’t be here otherwise. Harden those cocks and let’s see those mouths working.” 
Blue, coincidently, happened to have blue eyes, although a lot lighter than the ribbon around his head. He looked at Horse from lowered lashes, his eyes shining as if he was about to cry. “I am so honored to be at your feet.”
“What? Why?” Horse leaned forward. “You don’t have to say things like that. I’m not a customer. I’m not even comfortable doing this, but, for the time being, it’s our lot in life.”
“It’s not flattery. You’re a hero of this city. What you did for that widow and her family after you were free is something the people of Pompeii could never forget.”
“Gods, kid, don’t say such things. There’s nothing heroic in what I did. It was just the right thing to do at the moment.”
“No other person would have forgone the freedom they’ve just earned to save a low family from slavery. What you did was so selfless, poets will sing your praises long after this city is forgotten.” Blue put his hand on Horse’s cock. “Apollo has granted me a wish. Let me show you the appreciation I feel in my heart for your sacrifice.”
Horse trembled as the hand caressed his cock. The previous words should have drowned all desire, but it was the touch of a man, yes young, but a man nonetheless. He closed his eyes and allowed the sensations to envelop him as the hand pumped his hardness. Soon a tongue left a wet trail over his shaft.
“Pink! You don’t have to be so enthusiastic. You look like you’re enjoying yourself too much!” Scando yelled, breaking part of the spell and making Horse open his eyes.
What he found in front of him (the hollow cheeks, the adoring sky-blue eyes) was disturbing.
And this was just the beginning of the training.

Blue was the only Pompeii native of the six “smalls,” but as the days progressed he saw admiration in the eyes of four boys. Pink, on the other hand, scowled every time their eyes met.
“Tiger, what is the name you’re giving to your ‘small’?” asked Scando once the training had been completed.
“Squirrel,” Tiger said, winking at his charge, who made a funny gesture, pulling his hands to his mouth in the guise of his namesake as if gnawing on something.
The group laughed, even Scando. Squirrel could pass for Blue’s brother, although he had shorter hair and his muscles were all veiny and developed. The only thing marking him as a youngling was his boyish face.
“Rhino, yours?”
“Dormouse,” Rhino exclaimed, grabbed his “small” and lifted him by the armpits like someone showing a prize. The boy, formally known as Brown, took a bow with a flourish as he was settled back on the floor. What Horse had mistaken for naturally dark skin was the result of many months working at a farm from where he’d escaped with only a very deep tan as reward from the experience.
“Elephant?” asked Scando.
“Have you seen these fair eyes and black hair? Since he can’t be a panther, I name him Cat!” Elephant took the kid by the shoulders with his long arm and smashed him to his side, shaking him jovially.
Cat licked the back of his hand and swept it over his hair as any domesticated feline would and sexily said, “Meow.”
Laughter was riotous this time. Even the slaves, watching the quasi-ceremony, cackled.
“What name do you give Red, my Ox?”
“Well, after much deliberation, seeing his physical qualities and sneaky behavior. You know, that red hair and those big ears,” Ox made a dramatic pause, undisturbed by the groans of the other “larges, “I’ve only seen an animal like that back in Africa—.”
“Gods! Give up already!” Tiger shouted. “There’re no red animals! Are you crazy?”
“As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted.”
“This is not one of your stories,” Scando offered menacingly. “We don’t have all day either.”
“All right, All right. I name him Fox. It’s Fox.” Ox waved his hands in exasperation. “You know Fox rhymes with Ox.”
Scando arched an eyebrow. “I can change that name if I feel he’s gonna be attached to you.”
“Oh, please, master, I really like it,” Fox said calmly. “I’m not attached to Ox here,” he punched the big Numidian’s shoulder, “and I learned my lessons very well. I’ll be a good asset.”
“Fine,” Scando conceded. “You stay Fox, but you better behave. I’ve noticed you’re truly sneaky.”
“Thank you, master.” Fox’s smile was so big it brightened his entire face. The kid was clearly up to something.
Horse chuckled inwardly. Blue, who barely reached Horse’s shoulder, seemed to hear him, and their eyes met. He gave Horse one of those shy smiles.
“Lion what about you?”
“This one is good with his mouth and seems unable to keep it shut, so Parrot it is.”
“True,” said Ox. “Once those African birds have learned to speak you can’t make them shut it.”
Parrot only smirked as if he knew something the other people in the courtyard didn’t. Horse didn’t want to be biased just because the kid had been trained by Lion, his enemy, but there was something darkly odd about him.
All “smalls” seemed to know their names beforehand, but Horse had chosen to keep his decision from Blue until this moment. He wanted to surprise him.
“Well, Horse is your turn. What’s it gonna be?”
Horse looked around the courtyard, and then beaming, settled his eyes on his charge. “Lamb.”
Lamb stared at Horse frozen for several heartbeats. Suddenly, he sprang and wrapped his limbs around Horse, squeezing him and murmuring, “Thank you.”
Surprised by the action, Horse locked eyes with Scando, expecting a discouraging scowl (or worse). But even more unexpected than Lamb’s reaction was Scando’s almost approving grin.

5. ENCOUNTER

APRIL
A new month started before Janus could finally go to The Zoo. Not because of him but, still, to his unconscious approval. The day after the offer, Scando sent a messenger with profuse apologies, claiming confusion on the dates and promising a huge discount for the unintended mistake.
The morning of the appointment, Janus went to the Forum baths and was pampered (haircut, shaving, nail trimming, etc.) like never before since his arrival to Pompeii. The finishing touch was a long massage.
Pompo laughed on the table next to him. “If I didn’t know better, I’d think you’re preparing to visit a lover not to have a brawl with a former gladiator.”
Janus chose not to explain himself because he couldn’t explain himself— even to himself. “I want my muscles loosened and relaxed for the battle. That’s all.” He was facing his cousin but didn’t bother to open his eyes. He did his best to let the delicious fragrance of the massaging oils and the burly but deft hands of the slave soothe the charged throb of his body. Besides, Pompo surely had a smirk on his ruddy face, and Janus didn’t need to add that image to the rampant chaos within him.
“Uh-huh.”
“Oh, shut up.”
“It’s not like I’m saying much.”
“It’s precisely what you’re not saying that’s bothering me.”
“Really?”
“You’re good to go, Centurion,” said the slave massaging Janus.
Janus jumped from the table wordlessly and went to the communal dressing room. By the time Pompo was done and entered the room, Janus was fully dressed.
“You know it’s not even noon yet, right?”
“I’m aware of the hour, cousin,” Janus said curtly.
Pompo put his hand on Janus’s shoulder. “You don’t have to go if you don’t want to. I’m truly sorry if you’re uncomfortable with the situation.”
“Don’t know what’s wrong with me. Part of me wants to do this and another to run away from it.” Janus shook his head. “I don’t have a logical explanation.”
“Perhaps you don’t want to be disappointed.”
“What does that even mean?”
Pompo finished dressing before answering. “Maybe your expectations are too high.”
“I’ve got no expectations whatsoever.” Janus started to walk toward the exit.
Do I?
Janus arrived at The Zoo two hours after midday. A female house slave took him to Scando’s office.
“Welcome, Centurion. What a pleasure to see you.” Liquid, dark eyes surveyed Janus.
Janus put a bag full of coins on the desk in front of Scando. “Thank you. How’s your day going?” he asked out of sheer politeness even though it was absolutely unnecessary. This was just a commercial transaction; they were not friends.
“Very well indeed. Can I offer you something to drink?”
“I appreciated it but no.” Janus browsed around the office. It looked like the office of any merchant. If he had just awoken here, he could have thought he was buying food or textiles, since there were sacks and piles of grains and fabrics amid parchments and scales. Two sunny, high windows gave the place a cheerful appearance. 
“Not what you were expecting, huh?”
“Vastly different,” Janus agreed.
Scando went to his feet and rounded the desk. “Please follow me, Centurion. Let me take you to get acquainted with Horse.”
Finally.
“Thanks,” Janus said with more excitement that he’d intended.
With a silent smirk, Scando stared at Janus sideways for a heartbeat as they walked out of the office.
They moved through several airy corridors. There were no sounds of sex, like in other whorehouses Janus had been, although working hours for such places were usually after dark. The sun was still too visible for regular whores to be active. Yet, this wasn’t a normal whorehouse; this was The Zoo.
Wearing only loincloths and wraps around their forearms, four men were in an inner courtyard. All used exercise equipment that mingled with blooming bushes of colorful flowers. The flowery aroma in the air tickled Janus’s nose, spiced with male sweat. There was only one blond in the group, and he had his back to Scando and Janus.
“Horse! Prime Centurion Vettius is here,” Scando called.
The blond stopped pulling the ropes attached to heavy blocks facing him and turned his attention to them. The other three men did the same, forgetting their javelins and carved logs.
The closer Janus walked toward the Stallion, the more amazed he was. He expected this man to be a rough-looking, bearded, somewhat disfigured ex-gladiator. Horse was big and muscular, but he was beardless, astonishingly handsome, and didn’t have single scar marring his face. Janus, dumbfounded, admired the masculine features, especially the eyes— gray like a stormy sky.
Horse removed sweaty hair that was stuck on his cheek and nodded, half bowing. “Welcome to The Zoo, Centurion.”
The voice was another surprise. Deep and soothing, it seemed the voice of a cultured man, not a former brute of the Arena.
All eyes turned to Janus as he didn’t answer for several heartbeats. He realized there was no logical reason for his silence. “Oh, yes. Thank you.”
Horse wasn’t gazing down like a slave, but he didn’t seem particularly interested in appraising Janus either. “I understand you want to fight me first,” he said matter-of-factly. 
Janus wasn’t sure anymore. He didn’t know if he wanted to fight this man or just listen to his voice for hours without end. Still, he nodded, almost in a trance.
“You can change in my quarters. Please come with me.” Horse extended his hand, showing the way toward the opposite end of the courtyard.
They walked side by side. “You smell good, Centurion. Forum baths?” asked Horse without looking at Janus.
“Yes.”
“The guy with the white eye?”
“The same,” Janus answered. 
“He’s really good.”
“You go to those baths?” The innocuous conversation was helping Janus to feel more like himself.
“Oh, no. The Central baths are closer, but Themious used to work at my gladiatorial house. He mixes his own oils and would leave you like new after a massacre at the Arena.” The Stallion chuckled, and the sound went straight to Janus’s cock.
Talking about death, even if it was so casually, shouldn’t ignite Janus’s libido, but they were men used to mortality. “How many years did you fight?”
“Four.” Horse said the word with a finality that seemed to block any further comment on the subject.
Janus could respect that; he wasn’t one to talk about his battles either. Before he could come with another topic, they reached Horse’s quarters. 
There was a wooden door, which was unusual even in regular houses. It most certainly was to give customers adequate privacy. Horse opened it, after extracting a key from the cloths wrapped around his forearm. He made a wordless gesture, inviting Janus to enter.
Most workspaces in whorehouses were a bed carved on the wall, a stuffed mattress covering it, and, if you were lucky, a backless chair— a place just to dump your need. This looked like an actual bedroom, not extravagant in Patrician fashion, but comfortable and appealing in a masculine way. There were sturdy chairs, tapestries, large pillows, practical oil lamps, and the bed was made for at least four people. The latticework of the windows was simple but beautiful. 
“Is this your real room or just where you entertain customers?” The words came out before Janus could censor them. 
“Here is where I wake up every morning,” Horse answered unfazed. 
“All of you have rooms like this one?” 
There you go, asking stupid questions.
“Other rooms are similar. Although, mine is the biggest because I am the top earner of the house.” There was no arrogance in Horse’s words, just a mere explanation. He moved to an open chest, pulled out a loincloth, and set it on the bed. The white linen almost glowing over the black bed covers. “Please wear this. Do you need help removing your clothes?”
Janus arched an eyebrow. “You know I’m a soldier, right?”
“Yes, you’re the Prime Centurion of the Fourth Legion, but now you’re dressed in Patrician finery. It wouldn’t be bizarre for slaves to undress you.”
“Do you want to undress me?”
“Only if you need me to. I might be a hole for you to play with, but I’m not a courtesan or a body slave,” the Stallion said without heat, simply stating a fact— his eyes locked with Janus’s unwaveringly.
Janus wanted to be offended (and part of him was), but they were men, and even if Janus had paid for Horse’s time, the ex-gladiator wasn’t Janus’s slave, nor he a pampered asshole who needed help to undress himself. “I’m perfectly capable.”
Horse nodded. “I’ll be outside then, Centurion.”
Getting rid of his clothes and sandals quickly, Janus fashioned the loincloth in the way soldiers did when doing light training instead of the gladiator’s style. He walked to the door, and stood on the threshold, puzzled by the sight just outside. Horse sat on a stool, a wax tablet and a stylus in his hands; he seemed to be practicing his calligraphy. He wrote: 
You are not your past, but you don’t need to erase it.
“You can read and write,” Janus blurted, his shock badly disguised.
Horse left the stylus on top of the tablet and turned slowly to look at Janus. “I learned the language and letters of Rome long before I became a gladiator in Pompeii.” 
Those gray eyes flashed in a way that resonated with Janus; it was not only confusing but disturbing. “It appears you’re full of surprises.”
Horse went to his feet and closed the room’s door, leaving the key under his writing implements on the stool. He gave Janus a defiant smirk. “Wait till we both have our weapons in hand.”
That could be taken in several ways, and one way went directly to Janus’s manly weapon. “Let’s see how a gladiator fares against the might of Rome.”
Horse scoffed. “The power of the Empire is about numbers, not individuals.” 
“I hope your sword is as good as your tongue.”
“It’s even better, but my tongue has its virtues.”
“I bet every part of your body has a virtue.”
Horse cocked his head sideways, arching an eyebrow. “Some more than others.”
“Where. Are. The. Weapons?” Janus growled, his cock hard, and his body inflamed already.
With a downright evil smile, Horse gestured for them to start walking. His hair had dried some, and it brushed Janus’s shoulder as he turned. Janus didn’t know how he suppressed the moan that almost escaped him; the fleeting touch had been worse than a blow.
How am I going to battle this man if I’m so disturbed by him?
Janus tried to hold onto the animosity he had toward Horse before seeing him, to use it as a lifeline. Remembering how he felt about the jackass that everyone in the city seemed to adore, Janus chalked his current state up to the need to wipe that evil smile off the Stallion’s face.
By the time they reached a secluded, sandy yard, Janus was in total war mode— cranky and ready to draw blood. A large variety of practice weapons hung from a wood board. Next to it, at least ten shields (of different sizes and designs) were on display. There were no helmets, though.
“Choose your weapons, Centurion.”
“No helmets?”
“Do you need one?”
“I was thinking about you. You know. To protect your pretty face. I might mess it up.”
Horse gave Janus an “eat shit” grin and grabbed two swords from one corner of the board. “These girls protect my pretty face.” He swirled the weapons expertly. “I can still get you a helmet to preserve your pretty face.”
“You think I’m pretty?” It was the stupidest thing to ask. Horse was clearly just trying to make him angry so he’d lose focus.
“A scar would not improve it.”
“Fuck you.”
“You already paid for that.” Horse shrugged. “We could go there directly and forget this farce.”

6. FATE

APRIL
“What farce?”
“You know. I’m gonna let you win, so you can claim your prize.”
“Don’t you dare let me win! Fight me as if your life depended on it.” Janus leaped to the weapons board, grabbing a sword and, as he spun, a short shield. He waved the sword at Horse. “Go!”
For some unknown reason, this last action startled Horse. He stood there, staring at Janus as if he hadn’t truly seen him before. His face screamed puzzlement.
But Janus didn’t have time to figure out Horse’s apparent astonishment; he was pissed, and he needed a vehicle for his rage. He used a small box near the board to give himself a boost and went in a spiral toward Horse, hitting him with the shield as Horse reacted, covering his face with his forearms crossed over it. Janus rolled as he landed and sprang to his feet. “Does that feel like a farce to you?” he growled.
Horse charged; his first swing low to disable Janus’s legs. Janus jumped and tried to use the momentum to elbow Horse, but the blond deflected him with one arm and smacked the side of the sword to Janus’s right flank. “If this was a real sword you’d be dead.”
“Yeah, right. Not with that aim,” Janus hissed, moving for Horse’s midsection. He swung the shield, and Horse blocked it; Janus slashed— Horse counterpointed. 
The fought for several minutes in equal terms, sweat covering them— both hard-ons visible as their loincloths absorbed their perspiration. Janus preferred to come from above, but that wasn’t working with the Stallion, even if Janus was slightly taller than the other man. He went for low, swirling with his leg out to trip Horse. 
Horse jumped sideways, in a confusing motion that looked like he would move away from Janus, but instead brought him closer, and he kicked Janus in the chest. Janus lost his balance and ended up on his back with a thud, dust scattering upward around him. Horse lined the tip of one of his swords to Janus’s throat, and then did something unnecessary; he put his foot on Janus’s cock, not crushing it but with enough pressure to father goosebumps all over Janus’s body. 
“You begged me not to let you win,” Horse said with a smirk.
“I did not beg,” Janus barked.
Horse shrugged and threw his swords away from them. The action expanded his chest and showed the span of his arms. It was a beautiful image, almost as seeing a giant bird of prey spreading its wings. The ex-gladiator narrowed his eyes at Janus (not a real scowl, more like someone trying to understand an elusive thing), and then removed his foot from Janus’s crotch. “You fight well.” He offered his hand to Janus. “You could’ve been a good match at the Arena.”
“You’d have killed me there,” Janus said calmly, dusting himself.
“Only if I had to.” Horse winked jovially.
The Stallion was an enigma, but in that moment the only thing Janus could do was laugh— laugh openly. “You know I wasn’t truly trying to mess up your face.”
“I know.” Horse chuckled and shook his head. “You just wanted me crippled.” 
“That’ll be no fun later,” Janus agreed, smiling.
“Right you are.” Horse moved to pick up their scattered weapons. After putting them in a pile by the weapons board, he came back to Janus, who still stood in the middle of the yard, not cranky anymore but absolutely horny. “Let’s get you cleaned so we could enjoy the second part of our day,” Horse said.
Close to this yard was a washroom where slaves removed all the dirt and sweat from their bodies. Covered in fresh loincloths, they walked silently to Horse’s room. 
The key wasn’t under the wax tablet or on the floor around the stool. “Hmm. That’s weird,” Horse commented. “You saw me put it there, right?”
“Yes.”
A slave came their way. “Tercia,” called Horse. “Please bring some wine to Prime Centurion Vettius while I have a word with Scando.” He turned to Janus. “The left garden is very nice at this hour. I’ll be right back.” He gestured toward the open space with tall bushes and trellises along the corridor where his room was located. 
Pompo had told Janus that The Zoo was a large place, but you wouldn’t think so looking at it from the street. “I have nowhere else to go.” He grabbed Horse’s arm before the man walked away. “Don’t take too long, though.”
Horse smacked his forehead with the heel of his hand. “Tercia! Get him something for his feet too!”
“I can be barefoot.”
“On the corridors, not on the dirt.” Horse sounded like a parent chiding his child. “Wait till she comes back with something to protect your feet.” He turned and left without another word.
Flabbergasted, Janus could only stand there. He couldn’t even debate if he ought to be insulted or pleased.
The slave, Tercia, reappeared with soft wrapping shoes more appropriated for an old person than for a centurion of the Roman Legions. Janus sat on the stool where Horse had left his writing implements, tracing a finger over the words as the girl fastened the shoes. Then he realized this was exactly what Horse had been talking about previously. Janus had been out of his uniform no longer than a month, and he was already acting like some fat Patrician, allowing the girl to tie the shoes for him. He moved to the garden and sat under the shadow of a fragrant bush with pale yellow flowers he didn’t recognize, sipping a gentle wine.
“Crisis averted,” said Horse, stopping beside Janus. “Scando had it. He said he took it to avoid somebody entering my room without permission.”
“You usually leave your things unattended like that?”
“I wasn’t thinking straight.” Horse grimaced.
“Good to know.”
Horse avoided commenting by turning around and walking to his door. He opened it and allowed Janus to enter first. He closed the door behind him. “This hasn’t gone the way it was supposed to be. By now we should have had a couple of goblets of wine and been ready to get physical.” The room had gotten dark, and Horse started to light lamps.
“Again.” 
“In a different way,” Horse said gruffly, still moving around the room, turning the safe darkness into a disconcerting reality. 
“That’s your RUDIS?” Janus asked, pointing at the wooden sword with inscriptions mounted on the wall close to the bed.
“Yes. It is.”
“So how did you end up here?”
“My story is unimportant, Centurion. I don’t think you’re here to talk about my past.” Horse’s voice became deeper with each word.
“No. I’m not.” Janus nodded.
“I can show you a hundred better uses for my mouth.”
Janus swallowed hard. “Oh.” He remembered how Horse had said that every part of his body had its virtues.
Horse moved closer and unfastened Janus’s loincloth. He guided Janus to sit on a chair with a hand over Janus’s chest, pushing him backward. The chair had a nice, downy cushion, and Janus landed with a muffled thud. By the time Horse knelt between his legs, Janus was stupidly hard.
Grabbing the shaft, Horse neared his lips to it. He looked up. “May I?”
Janus didn’t answer, just closed his eyes and pushed forward with his hips. He heard a chuckle before the words “I’m gonna take that as a yes.” Janus moaned as the flat of a tongue landed on his glans, wet like rain— hot as fire. He tried to keep his eyes closed (basking only in the sensations assaulting him) as more and more of his cock was covered in sultry heat, but that was another battle he would lose today.
Horse’s eyes were fixated on Janus, hair cascading, lush and golden, and strong and callused hands controlled Janus as none before. 
Remorse rose inside Janus, monstrous and childish. He was betraying what had never been his but held him together— a distant memory. A luminous fantasy created amid blood and fire, getting slowly jagged by Horse’s gray eyes. He touched the Stallion’s tanned face, maddening and divine, and rubbed his thumb on the high cheekbone, ready to stop the blond man because Janus shouldn’t be doing this.
And, yet, the two forces fighting inside him (pleasure and guilt) froze as climax seized him, sudden and devastating and mortal. He cried, his body trembling; the man between his legs relentless, set on extracting the very last spasm with his lips and tongue.
Janus didn’t know what made him do it, but he pulled Horse’s face upward toward his. Their lips met, the flavor of his completion invading him in the same way the man facing him was invading each one of his broken senses.
“It’s you,” Horse whispered as they broke the kiss.
“What?”
“Were you with the Fifteenth Legion destroying barbarian villages which had helped the men of Vespasian near the Rhine?” Horse asked, his eyes bright, hopeful in the dancing lights of the lamps around them.
“Yes.” Janus looked at the man in front of him, still holding his breathtaking face with both hands. “That’s a very weird question.”
“How many fifteen-year-old barbarians did you find crying over the dead bodies of their mothers and let them live?”
“What?” It was impossible. How could Horse know about that? “No. No. You can’t be.” Janus was shocked, almost terrified— a million emotions pulling him in all directions.
“I am.”

7. GIFT

APRIL
 “I thought I’d never see you again,” the centurion said softly, his hands still holding Horse’s face.
“Years after you saved me, I heard about the purge of the Fifteenth Legion. The decimation and disband. I was devastated for months, but your words were the only thing giving me purpose.”
“To avenge your mother.”
“No,” Horse put his arms around the centurion’s torso, “to live.”
Prime Centurion Vettius pulled Horse to his chest, smashing him, squeezing him. “Gods! What trick of Fate is this?”
Horse had recognized his savior the moment Vettius yelled at him before their fight started. Yes, he was ten years older with some silver peppering the black curls on his temples, but he was the same imposing man. If Horse had seen him in uniform, he’d have known immediately. Although, the way he’d looked at Horse after his completion was the confirmation. That mix of remorse and confusion would never leave Horse’s memory. 
“I owe you my life. I think Fate has given me a break.” Horse extricated himself from the thick arms wrapping him. “Now I can thank you properly, Centurion.” He locked eyes with Vettius and kissed him, ten years of gratitude flooding everything like an unruly river.
“I was a mere infantryman then,” the centurion sighed. “I followed what I thought was an omen against my superiors’ orders.”
“And was it?” Horse couldn’t understand what kind of omen would have told Vettius to let him live, but he was not going to question it.
“Perhaps it was. We are here, aren’t we?”
“Yes. And my gratitude has no limits. You gave me a chance when all seemed doomed.” Horse knew that anything he did during the following moments could be perceived as the acts of a whore earning his wages, but it didn’t matter. After today, he would find a way to show this Prime Centurion more than physical appreciation.
“Thank the gods, not me,” Vettius murmured, honeyed eyes sparkling softly in the wavering light.
Horse didn’t want to break the moment with his thoughts about the gods. “You’re the one in front of me right now.” He sat on his haunches, still amazed at this turn of events, their eyes locked.
“I have to go.” Vettius stood up and moved to start dressing.
“Why?” Horse stayed on the floor. “Did I displease you?”
Vettius turned to Horse with a startled look on his face. “No. You’re perfect. It’s… me.”
“Nah. You’re disgusted because that memory disturbs you, and you cannot see anything but that kid in me. I’m sorry.” Horse would let the centurion be if he didn’t want anything to do with him. He couldn’t show gratitude forcing his presence upon the man. He lowered his eyes and stared at the floor, feeling worse than defeated, sad.
“Look at me.” Vettius grabbed Horse’s chin, their eyes meeting. “I need time to process this discovery. I’m not disgusted. I’m shocked.” He shook his head like someone not sure what to say next. “We’ll meet again.” Their lips touched, more a caress than an actual kiss.
Horse closed his eyes, and the firm hand holding him disappeared. By the time he recovered his breath and opened his eyes, Vettius was gone.

The days passed with Horse going through the motions as if nothing in his life had changed. But the knowledge that the man who had saved his life was within Pompeii’s walls was pure torture because he was indebted to Vettius, but he didn’t want to be intrusive. The Prime Centurion had said they’d meet again, but the hours of each day had triplicated in Horse’s mind, making his normal routine an obnoxious burden. Between his customers, real gladiators coming to practice with them, and the “smalls” advancing in their reading and writing skills, Horse shouldn’t have had time to think. However, thinking was all he did.
Amid the interminable hours, Horse started to notice that things in his room changed place or vanished altogether. He blamed it on his restlessness, after all, his own hand had left his room key in an absurd place while around Vettius; it wouldn’t be that farfetched to be leaving things all over with the man now constantly clouding his thoughts.
“Horse.” Scando approached him as he left the practice yard on the seventh day after Horse’s encounter with Vettius. “A word.”
“Yes?”
“Prime Centurion Vettius has requested to take you out of The Zoo for an afternoon, and I’ve consented to it.” Scando paused as if waiting for Horse to say something. He continued because Horse didn’t open his mouth. “I expect you to behave appropriately. This could be a great business opportunity if he puts in a good word and more soldiers come to us.”
“I’ll be a good boy,” Horse said, trying his best to sound sarcastic because he felt utterly exhilarated but didn’t want Scando to see it. It would bring inquiries Scando didn’t need to be making.
Scando arched an eyebrow. “He’ll come to pick you up at the seventh hour. Be. Ready.”
“Trust me. I will be.”
Scando wordlessly stared at Horse with narrowed eyes for several heartbeats, then turned around and walked away pensively.
Jerk.

8. HEIGHTS

APRIL
Forbidden to horse ride, Horse wondered if Vettius would simply walk with him somewhere. His mastery of horses was what had given him the Arena name of Equus. Now, since he was a whore it was something he couldn’t do; thus, when Vettius showed up driving a cart pulled by two bay geldings, Horse only chuckled as he bowed. “Welcome, Prime Centurion. I was ready to walk.”
“We could walk to where we’re going, but that will take precious time I’d rather spend with you.” 
Those words shouldn’t excite Horse the way they did, but he couldn’t help it; he beamed at Vettius.
The Prime Centurion smiled and winked. “Hop on.”
Horse jumped to the cart and sat beside Vettius. The sky was deliciously cloudless; its blue so radiant it made Horse want to sing. “Beautiful day, isn’t it?”
“Indeed,” said Vettius cryptically, a half smirk on his face.
A thousand questions bubbled inside Horse, but he would let the other man set the pace of the meeting. A group of children started to run along the cart. “Equus! Equus!” He waved, and other people, noticing what the kids were yelling, waved back and him. 
A baker came out of his shop with a loaf of bread, wrapped in an oiled cloth and still hot. “For you, handsome!” He thrust it into Horse’s hands. Horse laughed aloud, thanking the baker. He turned to Vettius. “Let me hold the reins, and you have some bread.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” Vettius looked at him. “It’s not technically riding, but you’d still control the horses, and someone might make a fuss about it.”
“Thank you.” Horse keep in check the urge to break the bread and feed Vettius himself as they rode. It wasn’t just inappropriate but ridiculously romantic, and they weren’t that to each other.
They traversed the always busy streets of Pompeii, bursting with colors, smells, and people of all regions of the Empire. Horse soon realized they were heading toward the Vesuvius Gate. As the cart moved in a straight line toward it, flowers rained over them. People were silently throwing them from their balconies with smiles on their faces. Horse saw a flash of discomfort on Vettius’s handsome features.
“They really love you,” the centurion admitted casually.
“I’m sorry,” Horse offered, contrite, not because the people loved him but because it was disturbing Vettius.
“You must have been pretty good in the Arena for them to still worship you like this.”
That wasn’t the reason, but Horse couldn’t tell the story without it sounding like shameless bragging.  “That must be it.”
Vettius gave Horse a sideways glance. “Most gladiators brag about their exploits. You seem very tame on the subject.”
“Boasting is not in my nature. Besides that tends to bring more enemies than actual admirers.”
“So you’re being meek for people to like you?”
“The only thing I wish to be is grateful, Centurion. Please don’t give my words more meaning than they have.”
Their eyes locked. “You are right. It is not your fault that the people of Pompeii seem obsessed with you.”
Why is this turning into a confrontation?
“I can still go back to The Zoo, Prime Centurion. I’m sure Scando won’t refuse to give you your money back,” Horse said softly and lowered his eyes in submission, even if all he truly wanted to do was to scream at Vettius to let him explain.
“Oh.” Vettius’s face crumbled. “I’m an idiot. I apologize.” He gave Horse a sheepish, little smile. “Before I met you, I was a little worked up about the people talking about you so much. I guess I haven’t purged that previous resentment completely.”
The fact that the centurion was apologizing to him was already shocking, but to know that he was mad at Horse long before they met was seriously upsetting. “If you just give me the opportunity I’ll explain the people’s actions to your satisfaction.”
Vettius only nodded wordlessly. His garb was Patrician, but he wore three medallions over his toga, signaling him as a Prime Centurion of a Roman Legion, and the guards in both extremes of the Vesuvius Gate Arch stood in salute with a “Centurion!” as the cart passed. He smacked his closed fist over his chest in response. The scene was somewhat bizarre since Vettius had flowers stuck to his night hair and was out of uniform.
The cart rattled along one of Pompeii’s necropolis outside the city walls, buildings of all sizes containing ashes of prominent people (or those who can afford it), ancestors always hungry for libations to placate and beseech them. Vettius snorted. “I still have flowers in my hair, don’t I?”
“You do.” Horse grimaced.
“I must look very stupid.”
“I’m not going to say what I really think.”
“You know what these buildings are?”
It was an odd question since Vettius must be aware of Horse knowing these things about the city where he lived in. “I do.”
“I’m talking about something deeper than just places to put ashes and bring oblations.”
“I don’t know then.”
“We make these things to last longer than us, to be remembered, forgetting to do things while we’re alive.”
“I don’t see how this thought relates to the flowers in your hair.”
“Appearances, Horse. Most things we do, we do for the sake of appearances. A bunch of soldiers just saluted me as their leader while I have flowers in my head. Flowers that weren’t meant for me but for you.”
“They didn’t know that,” Horse said, trying to sound soothing.
“Of course, they did. You’re Pompeii’s sweetheart. They recognized these,” he grabbed the medallions, “my face means nothing to them. Yours is one they know.”
Horse didn’t have a clue of what to say to assuage Vettius’s discomfort. He put his hand on the centurion’s shoulder.
“I’m not rambling,” Janus huffed. “What I’m trying to say is that life is too short to waste it on nonsense. I’m wrestling with your reappearance after so many years. With the thing your memory has meant to me through all this time. I wanted to see you today to spend time like friends. Like the friends I hope we could have been in a different life, and I’m mucking it up with the bull crap I created in my head about Equus the Stallion, instead of focusing on the man that little blond interpreter has become.”
“Centurion, I…”
“Let’s forget what happened and enjoy the ride. We’re not far from our destination, and I brought food and drinks for a feast.” He signaled over his shoulder with a head turn.
Horse saw baskets and jars he hadn’t had time to notice before. There were also blankets and cushions. The sight lifted Horse’s spirits. “You’re absolutely right. Life is too short, and it is a beautiful day to be alive.”

“The gods I used to have, were not gods of revenge. Yes, they condoned war, but only to protect and survive,” Horse said. The conversation had been lengthy: the places they had seen, the adventures they had encountered before arriving at Pompeii— settled over cushions and body-long rugs, the food spread before them, the wine flowing freely. “I don’t believe in deities anymore, just in the fact that every action has a reaction. If you do good, good comes your way, even if not in the same way you did it. We only need to have our eyes open to see it.”
The splendid wine had silenced the last echoes of the previous tension; they were just two men sharing their thoughts about life.
“You were treated like a beast in the Arena. You gave your hard-earned freedom up for other people. Now you’re a whore with a beast name. How can you see ‘good’?”
“Action. Reaction.” Horse smiled. “If I hadn’t been at the Arena, I wouldn’t be a whore at The Zoo, and I wouldn’t be here with you right this moment. Saving that widow and her children, from a life of servitude they didn’t deserve, was just another step in my path. A path you see as something wrong, but which finally led me to you after many years.” Horse cocked his head, enthralled by the centurion’s attention. “This is how I see things. You cannot know joy if you haven’t known tears. You can’t be strong if you haven’t been weak. There is no light without darkness. If you only knew light you wouldn’t be able to handle the darkness.”
 “You’re talking about darkness during this beautiful day,” Vettius said, his pupils dilated. Their eyes strangely locked.
“Night always comes,” Horse said softly.
Janus arched an eyebrow. He looked like Horse had just contradicted himself.
“And the sun always rises after it.” Horse chuckled lightly, without breaking eye contact. “Night isn’t only darkness. When else can you see the damn stars?”
“So fucking wise,” Janus whispered.
“Old people are wise. I’m just a guy who has seen a lot.”
“Tell me the name you were given at birth. I cannot call you Horse again, not even Equus.”
Yes, that was definitely the wine speaking.
“My name isn’t important. When I think about myself I think of me as Horse. Horses are good.”
“If I follow your words, we’re today a product of our past. When I let you live, you were not Equus or Horse. And when you become free again you can be whatever you want to be. I don’t want to live in the past, but let me care for that boy that tormented my nights for many years.”
Horse didn’t hesitate. He wasn’t sure why yet, but he wanted to give this man everything he was, everything he could be. “Ehren of the clan Renke.”
“Thank you.”
“No. Thank you.”
They lay sideways, facing each other. The centurion smiled and moved closer to Horse, using the hand not holding a goblet to take Horse’s hand. “For you, I don’t want to be ‘Centurion’ or ‘Vettius.’ I’m Janus. Think of me think as Janus, even if you could only use that name when we’re alone.”
So, they would see more of each other. Horse’s heart swelled full of an emotion he didn’t know how to describe, much less name. It wasn’t mere gratitude, but this wasn’t the moment to analyze things when those honey-colored eyes were over him with such concentrated intention.
“Say it, Ehren.” The centurion pulled Horse toward him; their faces came closer, and their lips parted but didn’t touch.
“Janus,” Horse whispered, loosening something he didn’t know he was holding back inside him.
The other man moaned and smashed their mouths together. Teeth slashed, tongues entwined, hands clawed. Before they could remember they were in the open (only the shadow of a large cherry plum protecting them from the sun), they were naked, licking each other’s sweat like desperate beasts.
They rolled from the blanket onto the grass, and it added another layer to the myriad sensations assaulting them. “Ehren,” Janus panted over him as they finally stopped wrestling for dominance. That name, so long unused, sounded like a prayer coming from the night-haired man’s lips. A large, callused hand traced the curve of Horse’s, no, Ehren’s ass upward to end on the back of his knee. “Would you let me?” Those eyes were bright, pleading. “Not because I paid for it but because you want me to.”
I’m Ehren here with Janus, even if I cannot be that anywhere else.
Was this it? The desperation— the craving, tormenting Ehren before Janus appeared somehow an omen for this encounter, for them finding each other after so long?
Ehren nodded. “I want you.”
Janus smiled but groaned when he disentangled their bodies as if the action was physically painful. He crawled back to the blanket and drew a little flask from one of the baskets. “Come here,” he said, extending his free hand as a man waiting for a lifeline to come his way.
Rolling from his back, Ehren crawled too, and positioned himself with his back to Janus, on all fours, waiting to be mounted. He blew a chunk of hair covering his eyes, and saw Pompeii and Herculaneum down below, gleaming in the sun beside the blinding ocean.
Janus body covered Ehren’s. “Not like this,” he whispered, tickling Ehren’s ear. “I hope it’s not humiliating for you, but I want you on your back. I need to see your face.”
Ehren looked over his shoulder, enjoying Janus’s weight on him too much for his own sake. “You can have me however you want.”
A soft kiss landed on Ehren’s shoulder before Janus helped him to change positions.
Preparations were swift because their urge was great, their desperation aflame. Janus promptly breached the muscle ring, but every heartbeat after that was as moving through dense mist, cautious, almost hesitant. 
Ehren growled, his need for a conflagration spiking in direct opposition to Janus’s uncertainty. He wrapped his legs around the centurion’s waist and pulled, the motion impaling him and yanking a supplicant’s groan out of both. “This isn’t my first match, Centurion. I might be on my back, but I won’t break.”
“It’s not that, Ehren.” Honey eyes were almost liquid. “You cannot begin to comprehend what this moment means to me.” Janus was fully sheathed inside Ehren, but motionless. “I’m afraid this is just a dream.”
Tightening his hold, Ehren moved his hips; a shallow circular motion that made Janus shut his eyes and hiss as if wounded. “Not a dream, Soldier, but the truest of realities,” he whispered, pulling their faces close, so close, Janus’s hitched breath fanned over his face. “I’m real, and this moment is ours only.” He bit Janus’s lower lip.
“Yes!” Janus howled, and the desperation returned, ferocious, destructive, irrevocable.
And Ehren had Janus on his back, but also rode him— their eyes locked, and the sounds of their passion disturbing the birds and the little creatures of nature, and possibly the workers in the not so distant vineyards.
Once they cleaned the outcome of their session, Ehren sat between Janus's legs, his back resting on the centurion’s broad chest. Janus’s chin rested on his shoulder, strong arms wrapped him, night hair tickled his ear. 
Ehren daydreamt of a life where Janus and he could be together; illogical as that seemed since he was the one always saying that whores should not have dreams.
Everybody wants to be happy, and dreams are not harmful unless you let them be.
The moment was perfect until he caught movement in the corner of his eye. 
He recognized the figure scurrying away from them as the sun slowly descended into the bay.
Parrot.

9. INTENTIONS

APRIL
Pompeii never truly slept. As some businesses closed their doors for the day, others opened for the night— the later the hour the more disreputable the place. Revelers had already seized the streets, even if the sun hadn’t been gone for too long by the time Janus and Ehren slowly approached The Zoo. Perhaps during the day there were more men and women on the streets (also children and animals), but at least those were paying more attention to where they were going.
Janus stopped the cart in front of the whorehouse. He wanted to kiss Ehren before he left, yet they weren’t just inside the city but in the middle of a busy street. It wasn’t something you could do in public without someone taking the gossip to where it not belonged. He settled for his hand on Ehren’s elbow, rubbing it softly with his thumb. “I’ll see you soon.” 
“Goodbye. I thank you for a wonderful afternoon, Janus,” Ehren said the last word almost under his breath and with a shy smile.
“You’re most welcome.” Janus watched Ehren jump from the cart. His hair was tied back, and Janus missed how it had shone, wild and loose, as they learned the maps of their bodies. He didn’t want to think about the men who might have Ehren in their arms tonight or during the coming days until they met again.
The memory of the little blond interpreter might have belonged to him for ten years, but Equus the Stallion, Horse, wasn’t his. A dark shadow enclosed his heart anew, and he reluctantly roused the horses with a snap of the reins, guiding them to Pompo’s villa.
Not a great distance, but it took Janus longer to maneuver the cart amid the stone streets full of people than it would have taken if he had been walking. This didn’t help the seething thoughts assaulting his mind, which had become downright nightmares before he reached the villa’s stables.
A slave with a lamp waited for Janus as he alighted and lit the way until he was inside the villa properly. Not a guest anymore, he walked on his own until he found his cousin, sitting in his office and dictating to his assistant as if it the sun were already out. “Oh, Janus!” Pompo’s face brightened. “Hope you had a great time.”
Throughout the many days he had struggled with the knowledge of who Ehren was, Janus hadn’t confided in his cousin. Now, it was time to share the burden with someone else. Pompo’s usually sunny approach to life might be just what Janus needed in this absurd moment of darkness. “Can we talk?”
“But of course,” Pompo said genially. “Berrus, seal those documents and send them first thing tomorrow.” He moved around his desk and held Janus by the shoulders with one arm. “You don’t look like a man who had fun all afternoon. What’s going on?”
The dam broke as they walked toward the dining room. How Janus had seen the eagle and the hare. How he’d followed what he thought an omen and let the blond boy live. How those gray eyes had haunted him forever after that day. How such memory had transformed into a lifeline, a beacon of strength when all seemed about to end as his legion was decimated and disbanded. 
Perhaps Ehren is right, and when you do good, good comes your way, and that’s why I didn’t die when the Fifteenth Legion was purged and was blessed enough to rise through the ranks of the Lucky Flavian Legion.
“Now, I discovered that the young man I spared is the ex-gladiator all Pompeii loves. For days I warred with myself, trying to reconcile what my memory has desperately clung to for all these years and the grown man, who I despised without even knowing his face. Our time today was great, even if to a rocky start. Thus, I thought I’d made my peace with all my craziness, but I haven’t apparently.” 
Pompo’s face had turned from jovial to grave with each word coming from Janus’s mouth. They stood upon the threshold of the dining room, and his cousin’s face was a glower away from pure rage.
“But, as soon as I left him, all the beauty of the day faded, leaving me only with the monstrous images of all the men that will have him while he’s not by my side,” Janus finished, sighing. 
With his eyes narrowed to mere slits, Pompo thundered, “You shouldn’t see that whore again!” He stormed into the dining area to where Thalia was arriving from another entrance. He threw himself on a couch with such force, it should have broken were it not a very sturdy piece carved from stone.
Janus simply stood there stunned, gaping. He had thought his cousin would give him comfort and useful advice. He had expected sunny Pompo to come to his rescue, not this dramatic tempest.
Thalia’s green eyes settled on him, and Janus snapped out of his surprise. He walked into the room and took the middle couch, leaving his usual spot (the one opposite Pompo) to Thalia. 
“Did you two have a fight?” Thalia asked, looking at both in turn. “Whatever it is, it’s silly. You two love each other too much to let anything divide you.”
“There is nothing happening between us.” Janus leaned forward and patted Thalia’s hand. 
“Something,” Thalia said with a huff. “I know my husband, and that murderous rictus only seizes his face when he is seriously upset.” She fixed a curl that had escaped her elaborate hairstyle. “And since you put yourself in the middle, avoiding facing him…” she added sagely. 
“There’s no fooling you.” Janus chuckled.
Thalia shook her head in agreement, then turned to her husband. “Start talking.”
“Woman,” Pompo growled, startling the slave who had come to fill his goblet with wine.
“Don’t you ‘woman’ me.” She put her delicate hand on her ample chest. “My meals are sacred, and you’re not going to disturb this one with that sour face. So, whatever it is, you need to let it out before I taste my first morsel,” she said in a very convincingly theatrical tone.
Janus was ready to see Thalia put the back of her hand over her brow and sigh as if about to faint. She didn’t do that, though; she only kept her narrowed eyes trained on Pompo as if ready to slap him if he didn’t speak soon.
Pompo’s scrunched face softened. “You’re right, dear. Your meals are sacred. I’ll behave, and I promise to tell you everything once we’re alone in bed.” 
Thalia arched an eyebrow but nodded, accepting her husband’s offering.
Janus didn’t know what to think. Why Pompo couldn’t tell Thalia in front of him? After all, it was his confession what had upset Pompo in the first place. Janus knew they shared everything, and even Thalia’s input (even if not his first choice) would be welcome. Maybe Pompo was going to make something up for her (some outrageous story to distract her) and preferred to do it away from Janus.
“Well, boys, let me tell you about my day. They have the most amazing play at the big theater!” She started to detail the play animatedly and how much fun she had with it.
Nodding, smiling, and oh-ing at the appropriate moments, Janus seemed to pay attention to her, and he was up to some degree, but, in the background, he ruminated about Pompo’s reaction. He tried to make sense of it. Nevertheless, he didn’t have anything to go with because Pompo hadn’t given him any reason for the outburst. 
Was his cousin right? Should Janus stop seeing Ehren?

10. KINSHIP

APRIL
A few days had passed since their visit to Mount Vesuvius. Ehren walked through the silent corridors toward the bustle of the yard table to have the morning meal with his fellow whores. Every passing minute was easier to think of himself using that almost forgotten name. As he reached the group, Lamb scooted over to give Ehren space between him and Ox on the bench, his smile shy as usual.
Ehren hoped the kid would never lose that sweet quality. It’d be a feat, due to the life they lived, but Lamb had entered The Zoo knowing his purpose; he hadn’t been uprooted forcibly, and that had to count for something.
“Seems like everybody had a rough night. You all look like shit,” joked Tiger. Laughter mingled with groans and nods.
“Well, I—” Parrot started to say before Lion elbowed him. The bigger man didn’t try to conceal the action.
“Nothing happened to you last night,” growled Lion.
The “larges” stared at Lion suspiciously; the “smalls” looked among themselves.
“What’s going on?” Ox asked. “Did you do something to that chatty birdie?”
“Nope, but if I did, it wouldn’t be your business anyway.” The answer had been delivered in a casual tone while Lion selected fruits for his bowl. Still, it had technically been a threat.
“You know,” Ehren used an even more casual tone, “I’m gonna assume you were truly well-fucked last night, and that’s why you’re a cranky bitch so early in the morning. Usually, your bullshit grows in size as the day progresses, but even lions had bad hair days.”
“That’s exactly what I love about you, horsey.” Lion’s grin was downright evil. “You’re such a meddling nag, it’s really easy to have an excuse to punch you in the face. I appreciate that.”
“You wanna go!?” Ehren sprang up, pushing the bench away from the table, regardless of the other four men sitting on it.
Ox put a steady hand on Ehren’s arm. “You don’t need to start your day like this.”
Lamb touched Ehren’s hand and murmured softly, “Please.”
Both touches gave Ehren pause. He looked around the table. The “smalls” seemed ready to bolt, and the other “larges” were rolling their eyes, except Lion, who had a self-satisfied smirk and an arched eyebrow on his bearded face.
Ehren put his hands up in a surrendering gesture. “You’re right. That asshole doesn’t deserve my time.” He sat back, and Lamb poured some porridge for him.
Lion nodded as if confirming something. “That’s what I thought.”
“What’s that supposed to mean.” Tiger furrowed his brow as he asked. He sat between Lamb and Rhino, closest to Lion’s end of the table.
“There’s always someone holding him back. One day it’s gonna be only the two of us, Horsey. Just you and me.” Lion popped the piece of fruit he had just cut into his mouth, grinning smugly as he chewed.
Ehren growled but didn’t take the bait. Part of him agreed with Lion’s statement. The animosity between them made Ehren interfere every time Lion opened his mouth, whether it was directed at him or not. It was a futile use of his energy, but Ehren couldn’t stand the jackal’s son.
“My night was easy,” Rhino commented. He looked at Lion defiantly as if inviting Lion to send an elbow his way. Lion ignored him. “These three codgers just wanted to watch me masturbate after they tried to fight me together.” Rhino chuckled. “I played them like pesky little dogs.”
Elephant pointed his wooden spoon at Rhino accusatorially from the other end of the table. “Why do I have the feeling you’re keeping out some interesting detail of the night from your story?” 
Rhino flinched minutely. “Um, they finished aiming at my face, but most of it ended up in my hair.” He waved his hand away like it wasn’t a big deal.
Most of the twelve men at the table looked between them, pressing their lips together, but Dormouse snickered, and that was all it took for nine whores to start cackling. Rhino wasn’t amused but grinned, resigned. Lion sported a disdainful sneer, and Parrot, following his example, twisted his mouth as if disgusted. 
Ehren didn’t like that the dark-skinned pup was adopting Lion’s mannerisms, but he was going to do his best to stay out of it. It wasn’t the moment for it, but he still had a bone to pick with Parrot for spying Janus and him the other day.
“Fox and I entertained a Magistrate from Capua that came for some Isis offerings.” Cat waggled his eyebrows at Fox. 
Fox took the story from there, but Ehren wasn’t paying attention anymore. The mention of Isis brought to mind part of the lengthy exchange Janus and he had on Vesuvius before their bodies collided. Janus had commented how the Isis venerated by the Romans was a polished version of the Egyptian goddess. Janus had been to Egypt and told Ehren how most statues of the goddess were made with dark stone, which reminded Ehren of the gods of his people. The Roman Isis was a pale matron holding the sistrum in her right hand and dressed in softly draped garments. The flowing grace of the Roman sculptures was in high contrast with the stiffness of most Egyptian statues, according to Janus. And that thought moved Ehren to a different kind of fluidity— to how their bodies had moved in unison while united as if long-accustomed to one another.
It was kind of sad that Janus hadn’t been in contact with him after their Vesuvius meeting. However, they couldn’t see each other every day, as if their lives weren’t on opposite ends of the social ladder. Rules commanded their encounters to be sporadic, and not only because Janus had to pay handsomely for Ehren’s company but because they couldn’t be anything of importance to each other.
The silence of the table brought Ehren out of his pondering. He focused back on the group, and everybody was staring at him expectantly. “Sorry, guys, my mind wandered for a moment. You were saying?”
“You haven’t told us about your outing with the Prime Centurion the other day,” Dormouse said with a gentle grin. It wasn’t usual for a “small” to request information like that, but since Ehren wasn’t paying attention before, he didn’t know how the group arrived there.
All eyes were on him, except Lion’s, who picked his teeth with an ivory toothpick as if uninterested but failing completely. Ehren knew his enemy too well.
“Oh, that,” Ehren scratched softly behind his neck, “nothing extraordinary. He took me to Vesuvius for a rug-meal.” 
Surprise was the common theme on most faces. Elephant elbowed Ox, and both snickered. Ehren was on the second spot after the head of the table occupied by Elephant, and Ox’s jolt almost made him fall over Lamb. He narrowed his eyes at the two “larges.”
“That sounds like something you do for a girl,” Squirrel commented, twisting his mouth.
“Don’t you like girls, cub?” Rhino asked.
Squirrel only shrugged. 
“It’s not like we’re gonna have a family anyway,” Fox grumbled. Five “smalls” nodded in agreement. Lamb was the only “small” on Ehren’s side of the table, and he didn’t move a muscle.
“I think it’s nice that now and then a customer comes along that doesn’t just want to fight or fuck the living daylights out of us. Good for you, Horse.” Tiger raised his wooden cup and then drank with a wink.
“Who said the centurion didn’t fuck him,” blurted Parrot. Lion kicked him under the table, and the little shit yelped.
“And how would you know that, birdie?” Ox didn’t look happy.
“He was spying on us,” Ehren said, “but I’m going to take care of that situation in my own time.”
“We don’t like snitches, Parrot. We are the only family you have right now. You ought to be loyal,” Tiger admonished him.
Parrot pressed his lips together, trying to look sheepish, unconvincingly.
Ehren shook his head. “The fact that he was outside The Zoo implies someone else’s orders. If he had been on his own and Scando caught him he would have been lashed.”
“True,” Elephant agreed. 
The other smalls were sending murderous glances in Parrot’s direction.
“Fellow whores, I love a mystery as much as the next man, but I have more interesting things to do than listening to your speculations.” Lion pushed his stool back and moved to his feet. “Rhino, Elephant, we have some practice to do. Don’t be late.” He left the table— a nasty swagger in his step.
“I’m pretty sure he sent Parrot,” hissed Lamb under his breath. He flinched when he noticed Ehren had heard him.
“I think you’re right, kiddo.” Ehren grinned at the blue-eyed “small.”
Or Scando is using Lion to do his dirty work.

Since Pompeii was a vacation spot for wealthy Romans, the city always tried to emulate all of Rome’s festivals. Floralia, a very Pompeiian celebration of the flowering grains in honor of Flora got entangled with the Festivity of Mother Ceres, an affair closest to Rome’s elite; thus, eliminating the mournful part of the Ceres festival, the people focused on the happy aspects and married them with the revelry of Floralia.
The men of The Zoo worked on their float for the parade. Floralia was also intimately associated with prostitution, and Scando didn’t waste any opportunity to promote his business. The float represented a ship bringing the exotic animals that were part of his establishment. Ehren was giving the final touches to the central mast when he received a powerful punch. The blow went to the left side of his head, and it made his right side slam into the mast. Stars clouded his vision for a heartbeat. He turned around, still wavering, to face his attacker, only to find Lion cackling maniacally. 
“I told you I would get you alone,” Lion said as he threw a new punch in Ehren’s direction.
Ehren dodged the blow, hoping to make Lion hit the mast and break his hand. The dark-haired man held his punch on time and swept with his right leg, throwing Ehren out of balance. Before Ehren could organize his thoughts, Lion’s fist found his jaw in an upward jab, the impact making his teeth rattle cruelly.
Through the pain, Ehren was able to connect several punches and kicks, but he was clearly on the losing end of the fight. He kept trying to find more effective ways to hurt Lion to no avail. Unable to do any real damage and with is head vastly dizzy, he was soon on his back with Lion straddling and punching him in the face viciously. He used his arms and legs, hoping to upend Lion, and (in the middle of his flailing) his hand found the mallet he had been using. Ehren thrashed and found an opening to strike Lion, and the weight of the man was suddenly yanked from him.
“What the fuck, guys?” Ox and Tiger yelled as they pulled Lion from Ehren, dragging him by the armpits. 
Lion struggled frantically to be released, his face an utter mask of madness. “Let me finish him. Let me finish him!” he screamed, rabid.
Lamb and Rhino knelt beside Ehren. “What did you do?” asked Rhino.
“What?” Cobwebs still surrounded Ehren. “I didn’t do anything! That fucker came out of nowhere and attacked me!”
“You two are always at it. You must have done something to send him over the edge,” said Elephant. He stood behind Rhino, arms akimbo, shaking his head. 
Lamb dabbed Ehren’s broken lips with a cloth. He murmured, “I’m sorry.”
The coppery taste of blood and the rush of it in Ehren’s ears were pushing him to his own edge amid the fogginess in his mind. He rose to his feet awkwardly, resting a lot of his weight on Lamb. He pointed a bloodied finger at Lion. “You’re lucky I have less than a year in my contract ’cause if not you’d be a dead man.” He spat a blob of red saliva. “You’d better sleep with an eye open, though.” He limped away, letting Lamb help him as the other “smalls” entered the yard, looking at them in confusion.
“You’d better not close your eyes at all, nag!” Lion bellowed, still restrained by Tiger and Ox.
Ehren made a rude gesture with his free hand without looking back. It was more for his own benefit than to actually insult Lion; his face was starting to swell, and he was very pissed about it.
Anya, one of the kitchen slaves, came to them with a pot of salve before they could reach Ehren’s room. “I saw it all. I can tell owner Scando what happened.”
“Thank you, Anya. It’s good to know there’s at least one witness,” Ehren said, his voice hoarse.
She nodded and left them. Lamb said he was sorry again.
“Why do you keep saying that? It’s not your fault. That asshole is crazy.”
“We shouldn’t have left you alone with him, but Parrot came and said there were people with funny masks on the street. We all ran to the windows to see them.”
“You couldn’t have known,” Ehren groaned as Lamb helped him onto the bed. 
Lamb cleaned the wounds and started applying the salve. Tiger knocked on the opened door. “Man, Scando is fuming.” He entered the room, Dormouse trailing behind him. 
“Is Lion getting lashed?” Ehren asked, hoping with all his heart that his enemy got what he deserved, even though it’d be better if Lion was punished by Ehren’s own hand.
“I don’t know,” Tiger uttered, almost embarrassedly.

11. LIGHT

MAY
“Master Scando gives you his biggest apologies,” said the messenger. “Horse is not available for the next ten days.” He returned the pouch of silver coins Janus has sent to contract Ehren’s time.
“Why?” Janus asked, accepting the bag. After much debate, he had decided to say goodbye to Ehren face to face. He wasn’t a coward, and even if they couldn’t be anything to each other, he knew disappearing without an explanation would devastate the blond man.   
“I’m not authorized to give you details.”
“Too many customers?”
The messenger shook his head, like someone fighting the urge to vomit.
Janus opened the pouch and pried the slave’s hand loose to put a silver coin in it. “Tell me what happened.”
With eyes like plates, the slim, old man looked from the coin in his hand to Janus’s face several times. Janus could see the dilemma in the man’s eyes. Scando had very loyal slaves or punished them truly harshly. Finally, the messenger sighed, as if his greed had won the battle. “Horse had a fight with another whore. He got the worst part, and his handsome face is all messed up. Scando doesn’t want customers to see him like that.” 
Janus felt like he had been thrown from Nebulus. The world was upside-down for an instant that became longer and more hurtful with each passing heartbeat. Ehren was injured. “Who did it?” Janus growled, startling the messenger, who shook his head, visibly frightened now that Janus was shaking him. “Tell. Me. Who. Hurt. Eh— Horse!”
“Lion! Lion did it, Centurion!”
Releasing the slave as if he were a glowing ember, Janus closed his fists. He had no logical claim on Ehren, couldn’t be anything but a customer to Ehren. Nevertheless, something inside him was enraged and murderous, hungry for a vengeance that shouldn’t be his. He took a deep breath; he would face these conflicting things inside his chest as a soldier because he hadn’t been anything else for a long time. Ehren was a wounded comrade; Janus needed to be by his side to give him comfort and support, but also to appraise the enemy. He pushed the coins’ pouch into the messenger’s hands. “Tell your master I’m coming to see Horse tomorrow morning, and I won’t take no for an answer.”
The slave looked at the coin Janus had given him and then at the pouch. Janus understood; Scando would think the slave stole the coin since the fee was incomplete.
Janus chuckled. “I took it out of the pouch, old man,” Janus closed the messenger’s hand, holding the silver coin, with both of his, “because the whore is damaged goods.”
With a solemn nod, the messenger said, “Thank you, Centurion. I will pass your message to my master.” He bowed and left the atrium.
Janus followed the slave’s departure, and his eyes met Thalia’s as she came toward him from an inner corridor. She had her veil over most of her face, and only gave him a wordless nod when she passed him by. Nevertheless, the twinkle in her eyes told Janus she approved of his actions. He chuckled as his cousin-in-law turned around, in a swirl of silky fabrics, to face him.
“I’m going to the theater later. Care to join me?” Thalia asked.
“What’s the play about?”
“It’s a Greek comedy. Obviously not new, since they’re all old, but it’s the first time presenting in Pompeii.” Thalia grabbed Janus’s arm and pulled him to walk with her. “Come on, cousin. You’ve been all sulky for days. You need a distraction.”
Thalia knew why Janus had been with a dark cloud over his head for days, but she was polite enough not to comment on it. Besides, she was right; he needed a distraction or he was liable to start breaking things by the end of the day. He should have gone straight to The Zoo to see Ehren today.
Janus smiled. “You have excellent timing, my dear Thalia.”
“I know.” Green eyes twinkled.
After the baths, Thalia, her slaves, Janus, and their bodyguards were taking a very strange route to the small theater. “Why are we not going in a straight line?” Janus asked.
Thalia giggled. “That way if someone is following us they cannot foresee where we’re heading to.”
“Are we suspecting shadows?” This was a new development for Janus. He thought Pompo was well-liked.
“No, but I like to be mysterious.”
She was just a bored housewife, but Janus was not going to say that aloud. “By the way, I’ve never seen you use a litter,” he commented casually.
“Litters are a nuisance. You never find a place to park the damn things. Besides, the gods gave me legs. I don’t see a reason to be paraded like a fat roasted pig on a plate.”
True, Janus had seen a lot of truly fat pigs amid the Patricians in Pompeii. “Sweet Thalia, you’d be more like a beautiful pheasant.”
“You’re horrible,” she swatted his shoulder, “but that acid humor means you’re feeling better.”
He was. Perhaps all these detours were Thalia’s way to distract Janus to the point of having fun with all the things assaulting his senses in the streets of Pompeii. Everywhere was full of people of many races and stations coming and going; screaming vendors competing with barking dogs and caged birds; a thousand smells pulling you in as many directions, and not always in an enticing way. He was entertained, to say the least.
Thalia turned left, and they were facing the Temple of Isis. “I just need a moment to touch the feet of the goddess.”
Janus had never been to this part of the city because it was at the opposite end from Pompo’s villa. The temple burst with frantic activity. It wasn’t the biggest of the city; it was frankly small compared to others, still, there was something about it that was charming and nostalgic at once. Probably because this temple was a Roman version of the Egyptian ones, and the goddess wasn’t completely at ease in Patrician garments.
Thalia ascended the steps with her body slave and one of the bodyguards. Janus waited with the rest of the retinue close to the outdoor sacrificial altar, trying to stay out of the way since the temple’s plaza was nearly chaotic. 
Out of the crowd, an old woman, covered in black, dirty rags, yanked Janus’s hand, pulling him downward before he or the bodyguards could react. She hissed in his ear, “Embrace your past. It is the gate to your future.” She let go and scurried away, cackling loudly and shaking a sistrum above her head. She smelled like blood and charred things as if she had been wounded in a fire.
One of the bodyguards moved to chase her, but Janus stopped him. “No harm done. Pay more attention next time.”
“Yes, master.”
Hold it. A sistrum? No. It can’t be.
The sistrum was one of the attributes of Isis. Could it be a message from the goddess? Janus had heard once (in Ostracine) that part of the Isis Mysteries was human possession. The people around him became a blur, his thoughts spinning wildly. Yes, he had decided to see Ehren tomorrow; the need to be close to him due to his wounds great, but he wasn’t sure if his determination to be away from the man had changed in the long run.
Embrace your past. It is the gate to your future.
A bejeweled, delicate hand waved in front of Janus’s face. “Are you all right? What happened?” Thalia asked. Concern wasn’t appropriate for her pretty, kohled eyes.
Janus took the dainty hand and patted it softly. “Nothing, dear,” he said with a chuckle that didn’t come from his heart. “Let’s go. We have a play to see.”

 “I don’t know what your game is, but I already paid,” Janus growled as he paced before Scando.
“Yes, Centurion, but I’d rather you used another man today.”
“Why?” Janus stopped his pacing.
“Well, Horse’s face is still purple in places. He doesn’t look as handsome as he usually does.”
“You think I come here for his pretty face?” Janus was very close to strangling the Whores Master.
Scando only shrugged, apparently lost for words.
“I want to see Horse, and that is final. I don’t want my money back or another whore. I. Want. Horse.” Janus punctuated the last three words with his finger poking Scando’s chest.
After a flinch, Scando made a placating gesture with both hands. “As you wish, Centurion.” He motioned for the girl slave waiting by the door. “Take Prime Centurion Vettius to Horse’s room.”
Janus had taken the time to go to the baths to be presentable for Ehren. He chuckled inwardly as he remembered his and Ehren’s first conversation. He hadn’t used the services of the masseuse with the white eye this time; the man was busy, and there were too many emotions vibrating inside Janus to let him wait.
The day was bright, and slaves moved about on their daily chores. The sounds of the other men of The Zoo practicing their gladiatorial skills were faint but persistent. Janus wondered if Lion had been properly punished. He hadn’t asked Scando because the man didn’t need to know how deep Janus’s concern for Ehren was. 
When they reached Ehren’s door, a young, long-haired man was coming out of the room. “Oh, hello, Lamb,” said the slave. “Is Horse awake? Prime Centurion Vettius has come to see him.”
Lamb furrowed his brow but didn’t look at Janus directly. “He’s awake. Let me tell him you’re here.” He turned around and closed the door in their faces.
The slave grimaced awkwardly. A moment later, the door was yanked open. “Please, come in, Centurion.” 
Janus nodded, dismissing the slave and entered the room. Thin wooden shades (Janus hadn’t noticed the previous time) blocked all the exterior light. Oil-scented lamps were the only illumination, and those were but a few.  The smell of healing plasters couldn’t be completely hidden, but it didn’t disturb Janus; it was the usual aftermath of battles. At least, there were no cries of agonizing pain here.
“I’ll be back later,” said Lamb and exited the room, closing the door behind him.
“I was resigned to never see you again,” Ehren spoke quietly.  “You have given me two gifts already, and I haven’t been able to repay you in any way.” He sat on his bed with his back to the wall propped by several large pillows. The meager light cast ghoulish shadows over him.
Janus moved to the bed and sat, afraid to touch Ehren, unsure of all the things warring inside him. “I don’t know of gifts, but whatever I gave you, was because you deserved it.” His words came out throaty and nervous and hesitant.
Ehren smiled, his bottom lip still a bit swollen, but this false fullness made the monster inside Janus ravenous. “You spared my life once. How could that not be a gift?” Ehren said and made a “come closer” motion. “And not that many days ago, you gave me my name back.” He took Janus’s hand as it became within reach. “Prime Centurion Janus Vettius Crispus, you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.” He kissed Janus’s knuckles. “I’m indebted to you until my last breath.”  
Those words spurred the monster. Janus swallowed hard. He didn’t want Ehren to feel obligated; he wanted Ehren to love him. The realization was like a thousand swords piercing him in one brutal strike. There couldn’t be love between them; it was irrational; it was impossible. Nevertheless, the raging monster within roared and thrashed and demanded to be sated. 
Janus took Ehren’s hand in both of his and kissed bruised knuckles in turn. “You know the Song of Ilium, right?”
Ehren looked at him surprised by the sudden and erratic change of topic. Still, he nodded. “Yes, about the Trojan War.”
“So, you’re aware of how the Greeks conquered Troy,” Janus said softly. Their eyes locked in the strange half-light of the silent room.
“With a gift in the form of a giant wooden horse full of enemies,” Ehren murmured.
“The Trojan Horse,” Janus hissed as he let go of Ehren’s hand and crawled on the bed so their lips were a mere hairsbreadth apart, their eyes never breaking contact. “You’re that gift. I am Troy. You’re the one thing that can break me and destroy me.”
Ehren’s Adam’s apple bobbed. “I’m sorry,” Ehren uttered with broken finality, moving his head sideways to avoid Janus’s eyes.
Taking Ehren’s chin with one hand, Janus made their eyes meet again— storm gray shone with watery despair. Janus brushed his lips over Ehren’s, just a sigh of a kiss. “I didn’t say it was a bad thing, my Pompeiian Horse.”

12. MEANINGS

MAY
Ehren grabbed Janus abruptly by the shoulders and whirled them, straddling him after the meaning of the last words exploded in Ehren’s chest. Bruises and conventions be damned. He needed to let the centurion know he wasn’t alone in his ordeal— that Ehren was also struggling with things forbidden to them. He loomed over Janus with both hands still pinning massive shoulders down. “Savior of mine,” he murmured as he lowered his lips to meet Janus’s, and their first touch swallowed the centurion’s moan.
Janus freed his shoulders with a brusque movement that had him seizing Ehren’s face to take control of the kiss, of their blending, of the frantic dance their bodies began. He pulled their mouths apart when they were about to suffocate. “No. You saved me. Your memory was the only thing keeping me alive, knowing that if everything else was wrong, at least once, I did something good.” 
Those honey-colored eyes were pools of fire, and Ehren wanted to drown in them. Their pelvises ground, their cocks seeking contact, but Janus had too many clothes on compared to Ehren, who only wore a loincloth. Their position would not let them unwind the white toga around Janus’s long tunic. Ehren was ready to just pull it up and ride Janus to oblivion, but he couldn’t risk soiling the centurion’s mark of Patrician status.
“I want you inside me.”
What?
Ehren must have been hallucinating. 
“I want you inside me,” repeated Janus. “Fuck me. Make me yours.” His voice had been low, grave, secure. He pushed Ehren aside and jumped from the bed, unraveling the lengthy toga and removing his long tunic with quick ease. He stood there naked and hard, facing Ehren. “Do you accept me?”
Shocked beyond disbelief, Ehren could only nod and offer his hand. 
Janus reached the bed and crawled until he was close to Ehren’s crotch. He kissed the proffered hand and let it go, then undid the loincloth with resolute fingers. Janus lowered his face, taking the solid cock in hand and inhaling along the shaft— his eyes closed, his smile delighted as if he was breathing in the most precious and fragrant flower.  He opened his eyes as he pulled the skin back and with a wicked grin licked the seeping tip.
Ehren was ready to lose his mind; this was something Roman men didn’t do to one another, especially not to a whore. Still, all coherent thoughts scattered as the heat of Janus’s mouth enveloped his cock head. He groaned, and instinctively his hands sought Janus’s curls. A muffled moan of approval vibrated throughout his length. 
After endless moments of blinding ministrations, Janus surfaced— his lips swollen and irresistible. “Oil?” he asked. His eyes shone eager in the scarce light of Ehren’s room, and his face was radiant, striking in the dancing shadows.
It was difficult to concentrate beyond Janus’s face, the way the light shifted over battle-honed muscles, but Ehren commanded his body enough to signal toward a pot on a low table not far from the bed. The man over him smiled and moved with ease to his target, every contour moving sinuously, enticingly as he left the bed.
Janus returned and poured the sweet-scented oil over Ehren’s cock like a priest making an oblation. He coated the rigid member completely, his hand deft and eager. Each movement had Ehren closer to the abyss, but he needed to wait, to let Janus take his pleasure, and in the process take Ehren to oblivion. 
“I’m going to ride you hard,” the centurion growled, commander of his Legion ready to raze an enemy fortress. 
Ehren swallowed the lump in his throat. His eyes followed Janus’s big hand positioning the cock to his entrance, saw and felt the breach of that tight ring. The guttural sound Janus made with every inch his body took was maddening— cruel, in its absurdity and beauty.
Completely impaled, Janus sought Ehren’s eyes. “This is for you as much as it is for me. Know that I’m yours, beyond rules, beyond fears. I’m not fighting with myself anymore.”
The purest confession, perhaps in the oddest moment, but Ehren was willing to accept it, through the fog, the quagmire, the thousand things muddling his head and crushing his chest. Only one word was able to escape the swamp. “Janus.”
And Janus took it for what it was— benison, welcome, embrace. With a groan, his hips rocked, their tempo increasing in tandem with the hasty beating of Ehren’s heartbeat. Square hands used Ehren’s chest as leverage to add a second layer of movement, take the delicious torture up more than a notch. Bobbing, swiveling, undulating, Janus was a powerful machine recklessly determined to obliterate Ehren’s previous concept of pleasure.
Delirious in his heat, Janus stretched his arms over his head, his wide chest expanding upward, thick arms glistening furtively in the semi-darkness around them. Ehren’s mouth alternated between river and desert, watering with the sensual vision, drying with every masterful twist of hidden muscles. 
Aroused and enthralled, Ehren seemed destined for joyful doom, but after a lifetime of being the receiver, a new creature surged, awakening from hidden places within Ehren. Places, he didn’t know existed. He seized Janus’s hips and stopped the resolute march. The delight on the centurion’s face was frozen for an instant, and the unnamed creature snarled, “Mine.” Ehren flipped them without breaking their intimate connection. Now Janus lay on his back, muscular legs in an upward straight line, his ankles secured in the grip of Ehren’s hands. 
With the first smash of Ehren’s hips, Janus’s eyes rolled white, the curse coming from his lips colorful, violent, irreversible, and ending with “More.”
And more Ehren gave and took from Janus until the lamps ran dry.

 “Horse!”
Tiger hit Ehren’s shoulder with his practice sword. “Oops! Sorry, Horse.”
“Not your fault,” Ehren said friendly. “Only Scando yells at you like that in the middle of a match.” He turned to their master. “Yes?”
Scando made a come over gesture. Whatever it was couldn’t wait until they were properly done for the day. “Prime Centurion Vettius is taking you to a party tonight,” he said without preamble. “I arranged for a fitting with the seamstress, and you need to be on your best behavior at that party.”
Ehren remained impassive; he was sure he even managed to look unhappy by the news. Inside, he was dancing around a fire to the beat of a thousand happy drums. He arched an eyebrow. “Any more recommendations?”
“Don’t be a smartass with me.” Scando’s brow furrowed. “Vettius paid for your time, no one else can touch you at that party. If he tries to be sneaky and share you, I authorize you to refuse.”
“Understood. Can I finish my practice now?” 
“No. Today’s all about getting you ready for that party.” Scando turned around and tossed over his shoulder. “The seamstress is waiting for you already, and after that the works.”
Meaning Ehren would be shaved all over his body, scrubbed, and kneaded until he was a shiny, new toy. Ox, Tiger, and Rhino came beside Ehren. “What’s going on,” asked Ox.
“Not much,” Ehren sighed as in despair, “Prime Centurion Vettius is taking me to a party tonight.”
Elephant sidled up to them. “Shit. Only you could look so dejected after being invited to a fucking party.”
“I think the problem is that he doesn’t like the attention of that centurion,” Tiger offered his theory triumphantly.
Ox elbowed Ehren. “Hey, if you don’t want the guy, I don’t mind him doting over me.” 
Every fiber of Ehren wanted to snarl and punch Ox. However, he said, “I’ll put a good word for you. He’s ought to get bored of me soon enough.”
“Why would you say that?” Rhino asked, scrunching his face. “Are you just lying there like a dead cow? ’Cause if a customer takes me out to places all the time, I’d be acting like a mare in heat to keep him happy.” 
“You always act like a mare in heat even if the guy is peeing on you,” Lion said, appearing in their midst out of nowhere.
“Asshole.” Rhino spat on the floor and walked away. Apparently, his alliance to Lion was coming to its end.
Lion sneered and gave Ehren a disgusted once-over. “I wonder what witchcraft you’re using on that soldier.”
“Well, you’ll never know.” Ehren gave Lion an “eat shit” grin and winked.
Lion growled and closed his fist, his chest moving forward, but he stopped.
“That’s what I thought,” Ehren said, his eyes locked with Lion’s. “Lashes always do the trick.”
“I’m not done with you,” Lion hissed.
“But I’m done with you, kitty. I need to get ready for a party.” Ehren nodded to the other men and left the courtyard.

Janus arrived in the same cart he had used to take them to Vesuvius. His white toga over the black tunic was luminous, competing with the moon above them. He beamed at Ehren. “You look magnificent. Blue suits you.”
The royal blue tunic had silver embroidery, and the belt had an equestrian motif— also in bright silver. His hair had been done in a single long braid. “Thank you, but I’m nothing compared to you.” Ehren jumped to sit beside Janus. He wanted to kiss the man, but that wasn’t done in public.
“Never say that. To me, you’re more precious than the sky,” Janus whispered in Ehren’s ear.
Ehren had never taken account of the men he’d killed at the Arena, afraid of nothing and sure of the power of his body to save his life, but Janus’s words made him a dithering mass, ready to surrender, to lose himself.
“Where are we going, Janus?” There were parties all over the city since it was the last night of Lemuria, the Ancestors’ Festival.
“To my cousin Pompo’s house. It’s his wedding anniversary. You’re about to see me playing my kithara.” 
The Greek lyre was a professional’s instrument; not many people were truly capable of handling it. “You’re full of surprises,” Ehren offered almost casually. He already knew how deft those square hands were for many things; thus, there was nothing casual in the way his body was reacting to Janus’s closeness and this new information.
Janus chuckled. “The kithara play is guiltily passable. The real achievement is my singing voice.”
“We could sing together.”
“I don’t think we know the same songs.”
“I’m a quick study,” Ehren said softly.
“You proved that the other day,” Janus agreed. His words came out grave and inviting. 
The heat spreading over Ehren’s face was another confirmation of how fucked he was. He only nodded, not having a response to such a statement. 
“Do you know the Lost Sailor song?” Janus asked.
“I’m not sure.”
“It starts with the sea is wide like a woman spread…”
“Oh, that one.” Some of the mortification left Ehren. “Do you think it’s appropriate for a Patrician affair?”
“Pompo might be a Patrician and be surrounded by them, but he dances to his own beat.” Janus shook his head merrily. “I’m positive that song would be the tamest thing of the party.”
Both laughed and practiced together until they arrived at the villa, and a male slave took the reins as they alighted. Janus pulled the end of Ehren’s braid. When Ehren turned to look at him, Janus said, “I’m happy that you’re here.” He moved forward and brushed their lips together. More than that, and they would never stop.
Music and laughter flowed from the end of a richly decorated corridor. The fragrance of the perfumed bushes from the central courtyard mingled shyly with the tasty aromas of roasted meats. They entered the room where the party was already in full swing— couches full of riotous guests; naked contortionist couples twisted and bent in suggestive poses; slaves fluttered around with trays of food and beverages. Pompo appeared almost immediately to greet them. “Dear Horse, so good to see you!” He squeezed Ehren in a bear hug.
Ehren noticed a fleeting discomfort on Janus’s face, but he thought he might feel the same way if he saw another man embracing Janus with such enthusiasm. They were so fucked; this sentiment had no future, but Ehren decided to worry about that nonexistent future some other time. “Thank you, Pompo. Your invitation honors me,” he said softly.
“Anything for my baby cousin here.” Pompo smacked Janus’s back. “I would do anything to keep him happy.”
Strange words even more strangely said. That flash of discomfort marred Janus’s features again. “We’re going to fetch some drinks,” the centurion said, pushing Ehren’s shoulder to start moving away from their host.
“You kids, do that. Can’t wait to hear you sing, cousin. Don’t take long.” Pompo waved them and was swallowed by his guests almost instantly.
“Is something wrong?” Ehren asked.
Janus shook his head but couldn’t mask the uneasiness quick enough. “Not at all. Let’s get my kithara. I’ll do the first song alone, and then we sing together.”
They greeted people on their way out of the room. Nobody seemed to object Ehren’s presence among them; many seemed truly delighted to see him there. However, he couldn’t shake the odd sensation over him due to Janus’s, even if brief, apprehension.
Before they could reach Janus’s chamber, he stopped a slave. “Merlo.”
“Yes, master?” the midget slave asked.
“Bring the kithara from my room.”
“At once, master.” The slave bowed and turned away from them.
“I thought better about it. If I put you in the vicinity of a bed, I’m liable to dispense with the party altogether.”
That information tickled Ehren in very inappropriate places, lifting his somewhat dampened mood. “It’s not like we need a bed for it.” He winked, doing a bad job of keeping a straight face.
“Shhh. Don’t tempt me, you hellion.” Janus winked back, and they stood there with the raucous noise of the party enveloping them, their eyes locked, their smiles wide.
Merlo returned with Janus’s kithara. They reentered the party, taking goblets of wine from a passing slave. After a few sips, Janus gave Pompo a signal, and their host silenced the musicians.
“Dear friends, you all know my cousin, Prime Centurion Vettius of the Lucky Flavian Fourth Legion. He’s in Pompeii after many years away from his home city. A seasoned warrior, he’s also a gifted kithara player and singer. Prepare your ears for a feast.”
The guests cheered, and Janus left Ehren’s side to seat among the musicians. He strung the kithara, and, with a soft smile in Ehren’s direction, sang.

Jove’s steed so white and so fine
Clouds darkened with envious spite
So pure and so fine
All the other gods wanted his hide.

The beautiful stallion so pure so fine
Only wanted one touch one hand
Just one master to rule his heart
So pure the fine stallion was.

As the room exploded in applause, Ehren understood he could never be away from Janus. 
Janus opened his arms in a grand gesture, his eyes bright with laughter. “I only have two songs for you, and the next is a duet.” He offered his hand. “Equus, step forward and sing with me.”
Someone took the goblet from Ehren, and he walked confidently, even if his insides were a wreck, not because he was about to perform a naughty song in front of these Patricians but because Janus had called him by his gladiator name, elevating him from a mere whore to the celebrity Pompeii loved. Janus sat on a stool close to the edge of the musician’s platform, so Ehren placed himself at his feet.
Once again, the kithara became alive. The piece had a slow start as if it were a ballad, but the drummer, recognizing the song, joined them.
 
The sea is wide like a woman spread
But I’ve a huge ship to make it quick
And I dive and I plunge and I make it mine
Even if the sea believes itself a threat.

The sea was cunning like a woman hurt
Stroke me so hard it left me blind
In tremulous waters, I lost my way
’Til my vast oar made naughty waters spurt.

This time, cackles and wolf-whistles mixed with ferocious applause. Janus stood, bringing Ehren close to him, and both bowed, hands held and smiling. The party-goers that weren’t reclined on couches came to congratulate them, patting their backs and praising their voices. Before Ehren could realize how, they had been separated, lost between amused Patricians.
“Er, Equus, follow me,” a suddenly serious Pompo told Ehren. He didn’t wait for a response but started walking.
Ehren looked around but couldn’t find Janus. It would be disrespectful to ignore their host’s request. Ehren didn’t feel like Pompo wanted to grope him or worst— his face was too stern for that outcome.
They walked until the music became a bare whisper. “I know what you mean to my cousin.” The torches gave Pompo a distressed appearance. “If you don’t feel the same way and are just toying with him, you’d better tell me now.”
The first wave was outrage, but then Ehren tried to put himself in Pompo’s place. Understanding didn’t make the situation less irritating. “I do feel for Janus. We might not have a future, but that doesn’t make it unreal.”
Pompo stared at Ehren for a moment, surely measuring him. “I’ve seen men lie with their mouths easily, but lying eyes… that is a true feat.” He nodded as if coming to a resolution. “I’m going to trust my gut in this and believe you.” He put his hand on Ehren’s shoulder. “I know a place where you two can be together, where no one will look down on what you have for each other.”
Whores should not hope, but if there was even a hint of a future for them, Ehren needed to hold to that lifeline with strong hands and a hopeful heart. “Thank you.”
“I’ll work the details with Janus. You don’t worry about anything.” Pompo squeezed Ehren’s shoulder and steered him back to the party, softly kneading the muscles under his hand until they reached the party room entrance. The moment they were inside, he let go with a wink and disappeared among his guests once more.
Janus and Ehren were men used to war and how to mask fear in front of their enemies, so the almost perfectly concealed rictus of panic on Janus’s face was unnervingly clear to Ehren.  “Where were you?” Janus asked in a hiss.
“Outside with Pompo.”
“What did he do to you?”
In that moment an old matron, not afraid of showing her white hair in an outrageously elongated hairstyle, chose to approach them to compliment Ehren’s hair. “Oh, I had a beautiful stallion with a golden mane like that.” Her voice trembled but her smile was radiant. “You’re such a handsome man,” she cocked her head, “would it be wrong if I go to The Zoo to request your services?”
Ehren saw the storm on Janus’s face. The matron must be top of the food chain when the centurion was holding his tongue, and because she was openly considering to visit a whorehouse when women usually spoke (and did) those things in hushed tones. 
“Your enthusiasm honors me, gentle lady. You’ll need to arrange details with Master Scando. I’m just a humble whore.”
“Well, I’m always looking for a bargain, and Scando is a thief. I can pay you nicely if you have time for tumble now. If the Centurion doesn’t mind, of course.”
“The Centurion minds, Augusta. Equus is here on my coins, and I didn’t bring him to this party to pimp him out,” Janus growled. “I’ll appreciate if you leave us now.”
The matron huffed and turned, her beehive of curls wobbling precariously with the violent movement. Ehren was almost sure he heard her spat under her breath something close to “Fucking soldiers.”
Ehren chuckled but went back to the attack quickly. “Since we got here you’ve been out of sorts. What’s going on? Don’t you dare say ‘nothing’ because you can’t lie to me any more than I can lie to you.”
“We should go.”

They exchanged little to no words on the way back to The Zoo. Ehren wasn’t above begging, but the walls Janus had erected were thick and tall, and he didn’t have time to climb them. 
“I’ll see you as soon as I can,” Janus said as they reached the whorehouse.
“I don’t like to say goodbye with this animosity between us.”
“I’m not mad at you.” Janus shook his head. “I’m mad at my cousin. He had no right.”
Ehren had the feeling Janus misunderstood the situation, but again, there was neither time nor was this the place to clarify things. He didn’t have any other option than waiting for Pompo to explain his plan to Janus or for Janus to calm down on his own. He caressed Janus’s cheek, not giving thought to the people on the street. Janus seemed not to care either. “Be safe,” Ehren murmured.
Janus rubbed his thumb over Ehren’s lips. “You too.”
Ehren jumped from the cart and followed the male slave holding a lamp outside The Zoo’s wide opened doors. He didn’t have the chance to start evaluating the night because the slave told him, “Master Scando wishes to see you at once.”
“Did he station you there to wait for me?”
The slave nodded, his pace quick as if they were already late.
Scando sat behind his desk, his office bright as day. As soon as Ehren entered, Scando told Helix, his scribe, to leave the room, then asked Ehren, “Did you have a good time?” 
Ehren had expected something more along the lines of did you behave? He shrugged. “If I might use one word, ‘uneventful’ would be it.”
“Oh, well, sometimes you win sometimes you lose.” 
A weird night indeed; Scando’s behavior was even more illogical than Janus’s. Still, Ehren remained impassive, if the Whores Master had something to say, Ehren was all ears and no questions.
Scando stood and rounded the desk. “I have a proposition for you.”
Ehren did not move a muscle.
“Aren’t you curious?”
“It makes no difference. I have no other option than to hear your proposal or whatever you want to say until you dismiss me.” Ehren said the words without heat. He simply wanted to remind Scando that they were not friends; their circumstance was a business agreement.
Scando snickered while shaking his head. “I wanted this to be something nice for you, but you’re a hard-ass. Actually, one of the things I like most about you.”
Ehren wanted to scoff at Scando’s amiable behavior. The man didn’t like a single human being, and whatever was behind all this sweetness would surely end up with Ehren taking it up the ass both literally and metaphorically. “Thank you?”
“All right, you unemotional son of a crossbow, I want you to be my right hand and help me manage The Zoo once your contract is over.” He beamed as if expecting Ehren to get all excited and bounce like a kid receiving his first toy sword.
Choosing his next words very carefully, unmoving, Ehren said, “I’m flattered, Scando. Being your right hand will be a great honor.” He cocked his head and grinned minutely. “I just have one question.”
“Go ahead.” Scando grinned back almost childishly.
“Why do we need to wait until my contract expires? What’s stopping you from rescinding it tonight?”
The friendly mask shattered for two heartbeats. Ehren knew there was something primal, almost demented, inside Scando but it was usually well-restrained, and it abruptly surfaced in that instant. The madness usually flashed when he was not getting his way, but he quickly took control of his deranged part, and the mask returned in full force. The voice came out close to pleasant, fake as Orcus in its honeyed tone. “An agreement is an agreement.”
Yeah right.

13. NERVE

MAY
“You’re positive this is going to be in the hands of General Licinius in three days?”
“Yes, Centurion. We have the best messengers this side of Campania.”
“Very good.” Janus gave a stern look to the dispatch officer. “You’ll find yourself on the best side of a reward if I get news promptly.”
The soldier nodded gravely, but the twinkle in his eyes was unmistakable; he’d do his best to stay in the good graces of a centurion even if he wasn’t from his own legion.
“Be with Mars and the Emperor,” Janus said before he about-faced without waiting for the soldier to put fist to chest. He was in Patrician clothes, the three medals hanging over his toga the only acknowledgment of his military status. That morning, he had tried to wear his uniform to come to the Pompeii garrison, but it felt wrong. And sending his Early Retirement Papers to his General had just confirmed what already felt right in his heart. He couldn’t go back to a military life after acknowledging and accepting his feelings for Ehren. What he needed to do now was find a place for them so he could put into practice the second part of his plan.
A trainee brought Nebulus, and Janus mounted swiftly. He entered back into Pompeii through the Nocera Gate, perhaps the oldest and most unkempt of the seven entrances. The usually crowded streets were in a state of total turmoil in this area because a new batch of gladiators was about to debut in the Amphitheater— the city’s Arena. 
Janus had no interest in the Games, only one hard body filled his mind. He was on his way to meet the one man who had been a constant in his dreams since that fateful day when his former legion destroyed a village by the banks of the Rhine. Even as he was able to count (using less than all his fingers) the nights he’d shared manly strokes with other soldiers, none of them had left a mark deep enough to make him forget that interpreter boy; a barbarian, who had grown along with Janus, perhaps not physically but in the dangerous edge of the lonely memories.
Now Janus knew what it meant to share his body with someone that truly mattered to him— ride the unforgiving beast of desperate need. He would do everything in his power to give Ehren a life worth living. Wrapped in purposeful machinations, Janus soon found himself facing the doors of The Zoo. He dismounted and walked Nebulus to the stables, passing the reins to one slave and following another to Scando’s office.
“Ah, Prime Centurion Vettius! So nice of you to grace my humble establishment with your presence!”
Janus’s negative perception of the man hadn’t changed an iota since their first encounter, and Scando’s absolutely fake enthusiasm wasn’t helping the matter. “I came to watch your whores practice for a while. I’m bored.”
“You don’t need to play coy with me, Centurion, most people are heading for the Arena, and you’re here. You came to see Horse. There’s no charge for spending a couple of minutes chatting with him.”
“Tread carefully, merchant. I’m not some old fart that can be enthused by barter’s cordiality.”
“Duly noted. You want to make an appointment for a future date?” Scando was straight business now.
“I’ll let you know should the need arise.”
“Excellent.” Scando gestured with his chin to the slave, waiting by the entrance. “Take Centurion Vettius to the practice yard.” Before Janus could leave the office, he added, “Centurion?”
Janus stopped his march and looked over his shoulder, one eyebrow arched.
“If you want to spend an hour with Horse or any of the other men, it’s on the house.”
“Why?”
“An apology.”
Janus nodded wordlessly and followed the slave out. Used to analyzing and remembering extensive charts, Janus was almost offended by his inability to map The Zoo. The whorehouse was a labyrinth, or perhaps the slaves guiding him had been instructed to take him (and all customers) through different paths each time. He was ready to test his theory as he approached the practice courtyard since there were other men sitting and watching the former gladiators. Most of them Patricians with a few seemingly wealthy merchants in the mix; all doubled Janus’s age, but there was one who looked barely out of his manhood ceremony. 
This made Janus wonder which of the whores held the young man’s attention. He hoped to Jove it wasn’t Ehren because he would not hesitate to pull rank on the guy, and that toga had no purple to give him status over Janus.
“Would you like a cushion, Centurion?” the slave who brought Janus asked as he seated him, while girl slaves circled among the audience with trays and jars.
“I’m fine.”
“I’ll leave you to the entertainment then.” The slave bowed and left quietly.
The men closest to Janus greeted him. He answered politely, and then crossed his arms and furrowed his brow, blocking all future interaction with them; he would test his theory about the intentional labyrinth some other day. The young Patrician’s presence disturbed him.
This was the first time that Janus actually sat to see the broad-shouldered whores’ practice. He had to admit it wasn’t just for show— the motions and clash of shields and swords were too effective and raw to be a calculated fake. It was a beautiful dance; the play of muscles (glistening with sweat) accompanied by harsh grunts was seriously exciting.
A tray full of pastries blocked Janus’s view for a moment, the slave girl holding it smiled encouragingly. The little cakes looked good and smelled even better. He uncrossed his arms and took one. The creamy filling dripped down his chin when he took the first bite. He used his other hand to wipe the mess before it soiled his clothes, and, in that precise moment, Ehren chose to look his way and their eyes met, startling Ehren in a damaging way because the red-haired beast practicing with him used the minute distraction to smash his shield on Ehren’s shoulder.
“Fucker!” Janus sprang, whacking the slave girl out of his way in his desperation to reach Ehren. His shout made the other men stop their drill and stare at him, agape. He went straight for the redhead and pushed him with both hands, yelling, “Why did you do that? You think it was cute?”
The other man just gawked at him with big green eyes, lost for words, letting his sword and shield fall to the ground.
“Centurion, please.” It was Ehren’s voice. “It was nothing.”
Janus turned to face Ehren. “Are you sure?”
Ehren nodded, pressing his lips together, a strange twinkle in his eyes. Those eyes sought the redhead. “I’m gonna get you for that, Tiger,” he said without heat— merely the jovial banter of brothers in arms.
This gave pause to Janus, making him realize how stupid he must have seemed to every man in the courtyard. Well, so be it; he’d simply reacted to an attack on someone important to him. 
“I’m going to take care of the centurion. No need for you guys to stop the practice.” Ehren spoke to the group at large, but his hand landed on Janus’s arm. The ex-gladiators agreed with grunts and gestures, while Ehren put a little more pressure on Janus to make them move away from the practice courtyard.
“A bit over the top, huh?” Janus asked when they were far enough from the whores and the spectators.
“I’m not going to say what I think.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re not going to like it, and it’s shameful.” 
But, Ehren's face didn’t show any sign of distress; he looked like he was trying really hard not to snicker-snort. They stopped in front of Ehren’s quarters.
He’s making fun of me!
The craziest part was Janus didn’t mind it. He enjoyed this playful side of Ehren, even if it was directed at him. 
Ehren produced his key out of the wraps around his forearm. He opened the door and waved Janus inside.
Janus entered and grabbed Ehren’s hand, yanking him inside— kicking the door closed. “You think it’s cute you make me forget my place,” he bit Ehren’s lower lip, “so much that I act like an idiot in front of others?” He growled, smashing their mouths and quickly disposing of Ehren’s loincloth.
Ehren took Janus’s face, pulling them apart— panting. “More than cute, it’s fucking adorable.” 
Janus swallowed his lover’s laughter as their mouths and bodies collided again. After long moments of desperate rutting, he unfastened his toga and went to his knees. Ehren was hard and leaking, and Janus did not hesitate to lap the engorged piece with a content hum. He kissed the tip and peered upward. Ehren had his head back, and his throat was a beautiful marble column. Janus kissed the head, eager to engulf the delicious cock. The agonizing hiss erupting from Ehren was all the encouragement Janus needed to proceed.
One hand traveled over Ehren’s muscular, sweaty upper body; the other pumped the shaft while Janus’s tongue lavished attention over the thick, purpled glans.
A sudden tug dragged Janus out of his concentration. “We can’t do this.” Ehren’s chest heaved. Their eyes met. “If Scando finds out…”
Janus winked, releasing Ehren’s cock with a naughty pop. “Do not worry.” Janus grinned. “He gave me a freebie.”
Ehren’s eyes went wide. Janus didn’t know if it was due to the unexpected information or Janus gulping his entire cock in one go. Either way, Janus closed his own eyes and immersed himself in the sweet aromas of Ehren’s soaked body and the girth blissfully making his jaw ache. 
Too soon Ehren’s hips started to buck, signaling the approach of his completion. Janus redoubled his efforts and drank his reward with unrepentant gusto. 
Spent, Ehren’s cock slipped out of Janus’s mouth. Ehren pulled Janus up and held him at arm’s length. “It’s not fair,” he murmured softly.
Janus frowned. “What do you mean?”
“You, on your knees for me.”
“There’s nothing I would not do for you,” Janus said, steady confidence in his voice and in his heart.
“Where is the pleasure I ought to give you?”
A clang sounded outside the room. Ehren’s gaze shifted toward the window. With a muffled “fuck” he bolted for the door, jerked it open and out he went.
Three heartbeats later, Janus heard a squeal. He wrapped his toga about him and exited the room. Ehren was forcibly holding a squirming dark-skinned youth. “What’s going on?”
“Parrot spying on us again,” Ehren snarled.
So, this is the spy.
Janus moved closer and grabbed the kid’s ear, pulling it roughly. “Who sent you?”
“Sexual passivity in a free man is a crime, for a slave a necessity, for a freed slave a duty,” Parrot said, still thrashing about.
“You vulture hatchling. Quoting fucking Seneca, huh?” The whore must be parroting somebody else’s words. It was very unlikely this kid had read Seneca the Elder’s works. Janus felt like slapping him. “I think I’m going to buy you and then flog you to death,” he threatened.
“I’m sure Scando will let you flog him here for a decent fee.” Ehren looked at Janus knowingly.
“It would be cheaper to buy him, Centurion.” Scando’s voice came from behind the group. “That way you could flog him many times before killing him.”
Ehren released the kid, but Janus kept pulling the ear, so the little slave didn’t run. He gave Scando a glare. “I don’t mind an audience, but I don’t tolerate spies.”
Scando grabbed Parrot by the back of the neck. “I’ll deal with him, Centurion.” Janus released him, and Scando added, “My biggest apologies. This won’t happen again.” Parrot whimpered as they marched away.
Something in the back of Janus’s mind wanted to worry about rumors of him on his knees for a whore spreading around the city. It wouldn’t be a lie, but it was a dishonor for any Roman citizen, especially for a Patrician. He took a deep breath and realized he honestly didn’t give a fuck. “Well, this has definitely doused my ardor.” He chuckled, pulling a naked Ehren to him and kissing his lips, there in the open corridor, careless of who might see them. “I think I’d better go.”
“I’m sorry,” Ehren murmured.
“I’m not.” Janus patted Ehren’s cheek and walked down the corridor. Further down, he stopped a slave and asked to be taken to the stables since he couldn’t find his way there.
I just hope my release papers come back quickly.

 “So, you think is cheaper to buy his contract than to keep paying me for his services?” Scando sat behind his desk a week after Parrot’s incident. “I can sell you two of my new ‘smalls’ for that amount.”
Janus chuckled. “I’m not buying a pleasure slave, Scando. I’m freeing a friend.” 
“An, er, acquaintance has become a friend so quick?”
There was more than mere greed in Scando’s words, but Janus couldn’t decipher what it was. He simply answered, “You might say that.”
“You need my answer right now or can I think about it? It’s a handsome amount you’re offering, but I think I’m still losing money with it.”
“Do your calculations, merchant. Right now, what I need, it’s an hour or two with him outside The Zoo.” 
“All right,” Scando said and turned his eyes to the slave by the door. “Fetch Horse. Tell him to get dressed for a walk with Centurion Vettius, and bring him with you.”
The old slave bowed wordlessly and left the office.
Scando pushed his chair back and stood, rounding his desk. “Some wine while you wait?” He poured himself some without waiting for Janus’s answer.
“No. I’m going to sit on the bench outside.” Janus looked at Scando firmly. “You know, a recommendation from me will bring a lot of business from the military ranks.”
“Be sure that factor is considered in my calculations, Centurion,” Scando said.
“Good.” Janus nodded and exited. He found the bench in the garden facing Scando’s office and sat, stretching his legs. The day was sunny and a bit breezy for summer, but gray clouds slowly moved toward the city from Vesuvius.
Ehren appeared before Janus had too much time to debate whether to tell or not about his plan. He wanted to surprise Ehren and make him happy, not to make him feel more indebted to Janus. His blond lover wore a green tunic that for some unknown reason made Janus think of a woodland spirit. He stood up. “You take my breath away.”
“It’s very unmanly to blush, so you better stop.” Ehren smiled, but there was no color on his cheeks.
“I see no red on your face. Perhaps we could try some color in other places.”
Ehren coughed. “You just want me to walk out of The Zoo with a hard-on.” He shook his head. “That would be a great offer to Vulcan. Let’s just go straight to the Forum.” He snorted.
The second Tubilustrium, dedicated to the patron of smiths and forgers, should be starting any moment now to replicate the procession surely happening in Rome. It’d be a good idea to go there and participate. “We should go and honor Father Vulcan, minus the erect cock, though.”
“Then you need to choose your words carefully, Prime Centurion. Each one is a caress in places that must remain covered while we’re out.”
“Now I am the one who’s going to be parading a stiffy.” Janus punched Ehren’s shoulder playfully. “Such a bad influence.”
“We should go.” Ehren chuckled.
Janus grinned, and they found their way out of The Zoo. The streets were chaotic as always, but the flow seemed to move in one direction instead of randomly as it usually did. The unruly mass of bodies, carts, and beasts seemed focused toward the Forum, and this somehow helped Janus to direct his own thoughts. In this moment, not even the many red walls of Pompeii had the stain of bad memories.
“I have something to tell you,” Janus said when they encounter a less frantic street. “I see it as a good thing, but I don’t want you to think too much about it.” He was feeling heat on his face, and it had nothing to do with the weather.
Ehren stopped and stared at him quizzically. “Then don’t tell me. Once you break an egg you can’t put it back together.” Ehren winked with a disarming smile. 
It was a total invitation, and Janus could not refuse it. A young boy, wearing the tunic of the innocent, approached them with an older female slave holding his hand. When slave and master were close enough, Janus knelt before the boy. “Citizen, I need to swear an oath. Would you allow me to touch your tunic?” 
The boy couldn’t be older than eight, but he answered regally, “I allow it, Citizen.”
Janus touched the purple on the boy’s tunic. “Ehren of the clan Renke, I swear on the innocence of this child that everything I do is to procure a bright future for us, no matter how strange it might seem at first.” He felt tears welling, and he blinked before the emotion threatening to escape made him look like a weakling. He stood up and gave a small bow. “Thank you. Go with the gods, young Citizen. May you grow in stature and wisdom.”
The boy nodded, giving his slave a tug. She started them off. Janus heard him whisper as he pulled her down, close to his lips. “Did you see that? It was Equus the Stallion!”
Snickering, Janus realized how much his world had changed; not that long ago, those words would have pissed him off royally. The boy and his old slave disappeared among the moving crowd. Janus’s eyes rested on Ehren, who hadn’t moved or said a word since the oath.
“I can’t believe you did that.” Astonishment could not begin to describe Ehren’s expression. “I. Can’t. Believe. It.”
“Now you’d understand the reason for what I’m about to tell you.”

14. OUTCOME

MAY 
Today was Ehren’s last day as part of The Zoo. Scando should be meeting with Janus at this very moment to transfer Ehren’s contract. When they returned from the Forum, Ehren would leave this place behind forever. 
He had gone earlier to the baths to be at his best when Janus took him to Pompo’s house. He had been a little hesitant at first after Janus told him about Pompo’s first reaction after Janus’s confession, but Janus had assured Ehren Pompo was on their side now. All he wanted was to see his cousin happy no matter with whom. Janus was convinced Thalia had been a great part of Pompo’s change of heart.
On his way to the practice courtyard to say a final goodbye to the other men, Ehren got startled, first by a bloodcurdling scream, then by the sound of people running. He turned around and followed the direction of the subsequent screams. He saw the “larges” throwing their weapons and running toward the same place.
They found an utterly macabre scene. Lion lay, facing the floor, in a pool of his own blood. His neck was in an unnatural position, almost facing backward, his eyes frozen in a flabbergasted shock. He had been stabbed too many times to count in a single glance. A wooden sword was lodged deeply in his back at a disturbing angle; the weapon somehow seemed familiar to Ehren.
Somebody bodily grabbed the slave girl who had found Lion, and carried her away; she was still screaming, absolutely aghast. All others gaped at the body on the ground; all appeared clueless as to what to do next. 
Lamb sidled beside Ehren and held onto Ehren’s arm silently. He patted the boy’s shoulder. Ehren had honestly wanted to kill Lion a hundred times. Now, seeing his body broken like this was not just anticlimactic but sad; even if, as ex-gladiators, they were men accustomed to see dead, bloodied corpses.
“Should we move the body?” asked Rhino.
“It’s best to leave it alone until the city guards arrive,” Ox said.
“You’re right.” Tiger looked around the house slaves. “Who went to get the guards?”
The slaves gave furtive glances among them, but none uttered a word.
“All right. Khero, please go find Scando at the Forum,” Ehren said. “Tunio, go get the guards.” 
Both slaves nodded and left them at a jog.
“The ‘larges’ will stay here until the guards or Scando appear. The rest, please go back to your chores. We don’t want the master to have more than one apoplexy today,” Ehren added.
“What about Elia? She was the one who found him,” asked one of the kitchen slaves. The woman was new, and Ehren didn’t know her name yet.
Elephant answered that one, “Give her something to calm down, so she’s feeling better by the time the guards come around to question her.” 
“We’ll do that,” said the woman and left, embracing two other girls.
Lion had not been liked; he was a supreme jerk most of the time, but the gruesome scene had affected everyone one way or another.
All the “smalls” had joined the “larges,” only Parrot was mysteriously absent.
“Where’s the snitch?” Dormouse moved his head as if counting his peers.
“Yeah, where’s the little birdie?” Ox’s voice came out dark and low.
Squirrel put his hand over his mouth and shook his head. “Gods. You think he did this?”
“No,” Ox said. “I’m just saying it’s very suspicious that he’s always in the thick of it, and now he’s not around.”
“He’s too little to get away with this.” Tiger didn’t look completely convinced of his own words. “Sure, whoever did this attacked him from behind, but still.”
“How do you know that?” Elephant narrowed his eyes.
“He’s face first, and all the stab wounds are on his back.” Tiger moved his hands in a gesture close to “are you blind?”
“We don’t know if there are more wounds in front.” Dormouse said.
“True, but we’re not moving him to find out,” Ehren concluded.
“We’re gonna look for Parrot.” Cat grabbed Fox by the hand and started to tow him away.
“Hold it there.” Rhino put his hand on the kid’s chest. “We all stay here until Scando or the authorities arrive.” He looked at the group at large then. “We need to be smart here. It’s better if they find us all together. What we need to do is try to be sure of where each of us was when the girl screamed for the first time.”
“What are you whores looking at?” Parrot chose that moment to appear, elbowing his way between Lamb and Dormouse. His eyes went wide when he saw Lion’s body. “Nooooo!” He tried to throw himself at the body, but Tiger caught him in time. He started to thrash equal to a rabid animal. His pale eyes took an insane glint as they turned to Ehren. “You killed him! You killed him!” He pointed at Ehren. Elephant had to help Tiger, restraining Parrot’s legs. “You killed Lion, you cocksucker!” Parrot screamed again.
The kid had totally gone off the deep end. Ehren didn’t have anything to hide; he wasn’t responsible for this.
“Why would he kill Lion? He’s done with this place, why risk it?” Lamb shouted at Parrot, squeezing Ehren’s arm in his distress.
“Shut the fuck up!” Elephant slapped Parrot to quiet him.
Ehren put his hand on the big guy’s shoulder and shook his head. “He’s just shocked, Elephant. Don’t make it worst.”
“He fucking did it. He killed Lion!” Parrot pointed at the wooden sword. “That’s Horse’s RUDIS! Check his fucking room!”
“Silence in the name of the Emperor!” A commanding voice ordered before Ehren could react. The city guards were finally there.
“What the fuck if going on here?” Scando asked, his usual level of irritation multiplied a hundredfold. He moved from among the guards and stopped, facing Lion’s unmoving form, hands on hips and head shaking. “This shit only happens to me. Lose two whores the same day.”

Four days later, Ehren lay on a stinky pallet in a dark cell. The animosity between Lion and him had never been secret and the authorities didn’t have any trouble pinning him as the culprit and quickly sentencing him to the Arena. There was no redemption this time; this was an execution. They would keep bringing gladiators to combat until one finished him. 
Janus had not been to see him, but Ehren was sure it wasn’t because the centurion had abandoned him. However, part of him wanted the opposite to be true. Janus would be better away from him, forgetting they even met. There was no reason for a Patrician to be associated with an ex-gladiator, former whore on his way to Orcus. Ehren lamented Janus had spent so much coin to free him only to end up like this. Scando was a sneaky asshole and would claim that Ehren was already in Janus’s possession when he committed the crime since Scando saw Lion alive when he left for the Forum. Or so he claimed.
Ehren had been framed, there was no doubt about it, but by whom and why? Well, there was no use in ruminating about it. He could scream his innocence until his lungs exploded, and no one would care to listen. He had been convicted and there was no turning back. He would not pray because he didn’t care for gods anymore. Action. Reaction. His feud with Lion had been his downfall. What-ifs were a waste of time.  
His life would be extinguished in three days, and his only regret was not being able to see Janus’s face one last time. Perhaps it was for the best, that visage would make his way to damnation more difficult than it already was. 
Movement outside the cell’s door let Ehren know night had fallen. The guard was coming with his supper. He didn’t move from the pallet; the guard could throw his food on the floor for all Ehren cared. Maybe, his ordeal at the Arena would be quick if he was weak.
“I brought food and a visitor,” the guard announced as he opened the door.
A visitor?
Ehren sprang to a sitting position.
Janus.
They stayed motionless until the guard exited the cell, closing the door behind him. In a heartbeat, they had met halfway and crumbled to their knees covering each other faces with kisses and desperate caresses.
“They wouldn’t let me see you,” Janus murmured amid the hungry kisses he rained over Ehren.
“I’m so sorry, Janus.”
“Why? Why are you sorry? I’m sure you didn’t kill him. And even if you did that doesn’t change anything.” Janus pushed Ehren at arm’s length. “I’m yours and you’re mine.”
“Valuable property I am,” Ehren offered dryly.
Janus shook him. “Don’t be silly.” He smiled then. “As soon as your contract was transferred to me I freed you.” He winked. “I just didn’t do it in front of Scando. I wasn’t going to let that idiot spoil your surprise.”
“Freedom,” Ehren sighed. He embraced Janus hard. He was so sad his next words came out trembling, almost wet. “Did you bribe the guard?”
“Yes.”
“Do you think he’ll give us enough time so you can do one last thing for me?”
“He’s going to wait until I call him or it’s time for the guard to change. Whatever happens first.”
“Then fuck me, Janus Vettius Crispus, Prime Centurion of the Lucky Flavian Fourth Legion of Dalmatia. Take me in this new state, so the last memory of my lover could be that I enjoyed him a free man.” 
Janus unfolded his body, unfastening his toga and removing his long blue tunic. That color brought a pang of pain— a reminder of one of their best moments together (when they sang at Pompo’s party), but Ehren pushed it away. Janus helped Ehren out of his filthy tunic, their bodies entwining instantly. “I will give my life for you,” Janus whispered before tracing a line over Ehren’s ear with his tongue.
Ehren shivered but didn’t say a word. What could he say after that declaration when his doom was only a few days away?
Janus guided them to the pallet and soon they found their rhythm. This time (their last time) the motions were slow and measured— to savor every inch, every contour of their long, undulating forms. 
When they couldn’t kiss anymore, each made his way to the other’s end, exchanging lips for cocks, offering moist heat, memorizing girth and length. They keep the sounds of their passion low and modest to avoid the guard’s attention, but it was becoming harder as their bodies, their very souls grew aflame.
Ehren finally rode Janus’s length, their eyes locked, their fingers twined. A sure gallop took them to the hills of ecstasy where they could bathe in the stars of completion, in the moonlight of blissful abandon. 
“Hold it for me, my Pompeiian Horse,” Janus said, halting Ehren by the hips. “I too want to be yours in this final hour.”
And Ehren’s heart shattered because he didn’t have any other thing to give the man beneath him but his absolute devotion. He dismounted and knelt beside the pallet to kiss Janus’s lips. “Yours to do as you please.”
Janus rose to his feet, after returning the kiss, and walked near the door. He faced the wall, arms and legs extended, his hands holding his weight on the stone. He glanced over his shoulder and nodded solemnly.
Ehren reached him and prepared Janus’s entrance for the assault. Muffled groans of pleasure surged with the ministrations, and the battle inside Ehren reached a turning point. Carefully, almost hesitantly, he entered Janus, and, in that heartbeat, he understood the centurion’s first actions when they were on Vesuvius. This was a moment of reverence that could not be accomplished with violence; it had to be faced with gratitude, candor, awe.
His hands wandered over Janus’s torso, learning every muscle, the perfect texture anew, while his hips continued their rotation once again on their way to the hills— to find, to lose, to surrender.
And the summit became a thrust away, and Ehren left Janus’s body and turned him around, slamming him against the wall and taking both cocks in his hand. Devouring Janus’s mouth, Ehren pumped their girths until their burst was liquid and loud, leaving them blind in its radiance.
Soaked and panting, they slid to the floor. Janus rested his head on Ehren’s chest, the pressure settling a resolution in Ehren’s heart. 
When their breathing became normal, Ehren touched Janus’s cheek, making him look upward. “May I be selfish and ask one more thing from you?”
“Anything.”
“Leave Pompeii. I don’t want you to see me dying.”
“Anything but that,” Janus hissed, shifting his face away from Ehren’s gaze.
“Please. Let this beautiful moment be our last memory of each other. I don’t want to cross the river knowing that I left you with the image of my body bloodied and broken to remember me.”
“Don’t be obtuse, Ehren. I must be there for you.”
“No, you don’t. After this moment, I should be nothing to you. Keep this memory if you want, but you’d be better forgetting me.”
This time, Janus shifted again to face Ehren purposely, his eyes on fire. “Are you fucking serious?”
“I am.” 
The argument following Ehren’s statement turned into a shouting match until the guard stepped in and made Janus get dressed and leave.
Ehren’s heart was broken, but still coherent enough to know he had done the right thing. That didn’t mean he wasn’t devastated. So overwhelmed he was, he did something he thought himself incapable of ever doing again. He cried.
Only once had Ehren cried like this: over the dead body of his mother. The same day he set eyes on Janus Vettius Crispus for the first time.

15. PENALTY

JUNE
 “You sure we can trust these mercenaries?”
“Baby cousin, these men have done countless ‘jobs’ for me before,” Pompo said, squeezing Janus with the arm he had around his shoulders. “You both will be far from here in no time.”
“Thank you. I’ll find a way to repay you soon.”
“Don’t be silly. We’re family. If we cannot count on each other then on whom?” Pompo released Janus. “All you need to do it wait by the pass, and they will bring him to you. By the time the guards realize what happened, there’ll be no trail to follow.”
“And you’re sure they understood they could not tell him who’s behind his rescue?” Janus asked. One thing was to plan an attack on an enemy and accomplish your goal, and another to wait for others to do the job and not be worried about it.
“Yes, yes. They have clear instructions. Equus won’t know you organized it until he’s in front of you. I told them to knock him out if necessary.”
“Why would you do that?”
“Are you serious? I need those men alive in the future. An uncooperative gladiator is not an easy thing to handle.”
“All right,” Janus said. “I’m going to organize my things.” He put one hand on each of Pompo’s shoulders. “You’re the best, cousin. I love you, and I’ll never forget this.”
“Aww, you’re just a big softy.” Pompo grabbed Janus in one of his demolishing bear hugs and shook him like a sack of grain. “Now, go and get ready, night approaches fast.”
“Say goodbye to Thalia for me.”
“I’ll let her know once you and Equus are far from Pompeii. Nobody needs to know about this, and that woman is far too smart for her own good.”
“Thanks again.” Janus gave one last smile to his cousin and walked down the sumptuous corridor to find his room. 
Janus hadn’t brought many things to Pompeii, but he needed to pack enough clothes to disguise Ehren as a Patrician. His Latin was flawless; Ehren had been speaking the language of Rome for so long he didn’t even have the accent of his tribe anymore.
The next hours, waiting for Ehren, would be the longest of Janus’s life.

Nocturnal creatures chittered and called each other. Janus never dismounted, ready to bolt with Ehren as soon as the men bringing him arrived. He chewed a green straw, and the bitter taste kept him from letting his thoughts wander toward disastrous scenarios. 
The neighing of horses alerted Janus of a group’s approach. This pass on the way to Nocera was a practically unused road and most people didn’t travel at night— at least those with good intentions. Still, Janus stayed hidden until he could have a better look.
Those bringing Ehren had instructions to meet Janus by a very distinctive holm tree. Janus waited to see if the group would stop at the appropriate place. They did, but the group was incomplete. According to the information Pompo had given Janus, the party should have been eight, including Ehren. There were only three men. Something had gone wrong.
One of the riders made the prearranged bird call. 
Janus showed himself after the third call as agreed, his heart in his throat—Ehren wasn’t among these men. They didn’t know Janus or his name; they only knew a man on a black horse would be waiting for them to take their charge. That way, if something went wrong (like apparently did) they couldn’t implicate him. He stopped Nebulus by the one that looked in charge. “What happened?”
“They were waitinq for us, boss.” The man had the harsh, deep intonation of the Syrians.
“What do you mean? Who was waiting for you? Explain yourself!”
“Takinq Equus out of jail was easy do. We no kill no one, and he come willinq when we explain we friends of city,” the Syrian mercenary said. “Jail was three-man job. Others wait with horses outside to run for city walls. In no time, we leave through the Sarno Gate to follow river. The gate guards no look at us twice.” 
“Where were you ambushed then?”
“They wait on second bridge like someone told about escape route. When we see way block, we try turn around, but another group blockinq rear too.”
“We try fight our way out,” said one of the other two. This had a nasty scar crossing the middle of his bronze face. “They seem to have orders to kill us no matter what ‘cause they aim to finish us. Equus cloak fall off head when he fight, and soldier commander stop skirmish.” 
“Why?” Janus asked. If the battle had been halted there was hope Ehren was still alive.
“He say somethinq about debt of city to Equus. He say he Pompeii-man first, soldier second. He no goinq to have good man blood in his hand and anger gods. Even if man convicted of murder,” the chief mercenary explained.
“I no think soldiers happy ‘cause we kill bunch of them,” added the third man of the mercenary group. “We lose two but they no care that.”
“How the three of you were free to go? What did you do?” Something in their story wasn’t completely logical. 
“When they try restrain us, we fight again, aim to free Equus. They circle him and fight back like demons. Syrian always have trick under sleeves, but breakinq free man surround three-to-one plenty difficult.” The chief mercenary shrugged. “We ride all way to tell you ‘cause we want keep doinq Pompo business.”
“Very well. I appreciate your effort. Do what you need to do. I’m going back to Pompeii.” Janus spurred Nebulus, leaving the mercenaries behind at a hard gallop.
Janus didn’t know what god to thank for saving Ehren’s life during the ambush. The day after tomorrow Ehren would be fighting for his life one last time in the Arena. Janus wasn’t sure if the gods would be as benevolent with them in that moment.
The road near the military garrison outside the city was the best kept. Janus took it and stopped to spend the night with his former comrades. He needed a new plan. Beside the mercenaries, Pompo was the only person aware of the rescue mission. 
Apparently, Janus couldn’t trust his own blood. 
Saving Ehren was in his sole hands.

16. QUIRK

JUNE
The escape attempt had been a foolish idea. Ehren should have never agreed to go with the Syrians. Men had lost their lives because of him. Even if he had been convicted of killing a man, he’d never truly spilled blood since his arrival at The Zoo. Now, after he was officially a free man, blood was again in his hands; no matter if it had been indirectly.
The screams of the two Syrians brought to jail with him were not long. Apparently, they spilled their confession rather quickly if no soldiers came to interrogate Ehren too. Or perhaps they didn’t care to question him since he was already destined for Death. What would be the point to maim him before the spectacle?
Only one thing had changed from Ehren’s previous state; they’d moved him to a different place. More cage than cell, his new accommodation was all bars without walls. It didn’t matter; he had nothing to hide.
Well, there was something else, but it was more of a surprise than a change. Lamb and Dormouse were on the other side of the bars grinning at him. “A short visit,” said the guard flatly. He opened the cage door, and both boys ran to embrace Ehren.
They squeezed Ehren, their bodies trembling as if they were sobbing, but he couldn’t hear a thing. He hugged back and then patted their heads. “How did you get in here?”
Dormouse dislodged from the three-way embrace, composed himself (with a hard swallow), and grinned playfully this time. “Never underestimate the power of a whore’s mouth.”
“You didn’t!” Ehren was shocked— but also amused.
“We kind of did.” Lamb’s grin was shy in high contrast to Dormouse’s. “We were dying to see you.” His eyes opened widely in horror. “Oh, I shouldn’t have said that.”
Ehren shook Lamb by the shoulder lightly. “Don’t worry about it.” He narrowed his eyes at both. “What I wonder now is how did you get past Scando to come here?”
“That was easy,” Dormouse put his chin up, “the ‘smalls’ told Scando we’ll start biting customers’ cocks if he didn’t let at least two of us come to see you.
Ehren never expected such a show of loyalty from the “smalls” at large. “Even Parrot?”
“He didn’t have another option.” Lamb’s expression was something Ehren had never seen before on the cub’s face. He also smacked one closed fist over his open palm, in a gesture implying brute force to make Parrot comply.
Dormouse nodded. “We’ve been hard on him. That little shit betrayed you, and he won’t be easily forgiven.”
“What do you mean?” 
“We’re almost certain he had something to do with Lion’s death. Nobody knows where he was when Elia started screaming,” Lamb said.
“Or afterwards. He just appeared out of thin air when we were all together,” Dormouse added. “He said he was taking a crap, but I don’t believe him.”
As Elephant had said, it was unlikely that a skinny kid like Parrot could subjugate Lion. Still, there could always be poison or other things involved. “It doesn’t matter, guys.” Ehren caressed one boy’s cheek with each hand. “My destiny is sealed. Even if your suspicions were true, there is no time to prove them.” He smiled. “Just let it go.”
“Fine,” said Dormouse, almost physically shaking the darkness that had settled around them. “We didn’t come to be brooding. We brought you a present! Courtesy of the kitchen slaves.” He removed the makeshift sack he had crossing his lean torso from right shoulder to left hip. Once spread over the pallet, the large piece of cloth contained carefully wrapped sweets, cuts of roasted meats, and fruits.
“This is amazing.” Ehren’s astonishment was quickly followed by this stomach’s loud approval. Gruel wasn’t the best thing to eat during your last days alive. “You’re going to share this with me, right?”
“We brought it for you,” Lamb said bashfully.
“It’s too much, even for a big guy like me.” Ehren chuckled. “And there’s nothing better than to share a meal with friends.”
Ehren saw the flash of dread in their eyes.
A last meal with friends.
“Come on,” Ehren goaded them. “Let’s eat before the guard comes and confiscates it!”

 “Why are you here?” Ehren asked softly.
“I’m going to fight beside you.” The rictus of resolution on Janus’s face was luminous and disturbing.
“What?” Ehren jumped from the pallet. “Are you crazy? How’s that even possible?” His head spun with the implications.
“I invoked Lex Confabula.” Janus puffed up his chest.
“Never heard of it.” 
“It’s an ancient ruling stating I can fight alongside you to protect your life if I don’t agree with your sentence. If we survive the trial they have to spare your life.”
Ehren couldn’t let Janus go on with this. “That doesn’t make sense. In cases like mine, they keep sending gladiators until the convicted dies. There’s no escape.”
“There is with Lex Confabula. The Magistrates had to fix a number once it was brought to the table.” Janus looked smug. 
Perhaps there was hope after all; if the number wasn’t great. “How many?” Ehren asked.
Janus shrugged. “Twenty.”
“Twenty each!?” They were doomed.
“Nah.” Janus chuckled. “Just twenty against us.” He dismissed the amount with a hand wave. “Easy peasy olive crush, Ehren.”
“Yeah, crushed is how we’re gonna to end!” Ehren grabbed Janus by the shoulders and shook him. “I’m not letting you do this!”
He’s not risking his life for me.
“There’s nothing you can do about it.” Janus took hold of Ehren’s wrists. “It’s my decision, not yours.”
Something terrible burst in his mind, and Ehren went with it. “I can tell you the truth.”
“I don’t care if you did kill Lion. You should have killed that moron in the Arena long ago. What happened was just a delayed outcome.”
“I didn’t kill that asshole. I’m talking about a more important truth.” Ehren scowled at Janus. 
“What?” Janus asked, and their eyes met. Honeyed eyes shone with trust, hope, confidence.
It was now or never. 
Ehren jerked his wrists from Janus’s hold. “Everything I did— I did just to gain your favor, and you fell for it like a fucking simpleton.” He managed to snort acidly. “You’re so ridiculous, I pity you.” He rolled his eyes. “You were right about one thing, though. I am like the Trojan Horse, full of deception, made by the enemy.” Ehren forced a sneer to surface. “If you want to risk your life knowing that I don’t give a shit about you, be my guest, but if we survive that fuckfest…” He shrugged disdainfully. 
Janus narrowed his eyes, his face hardening. “Liar,” he hissed.
“Oh, Janus,” Ehren whispered. He leaned into Janus’s ear, his lips brushing the soft shell. Full of sarcasm, he murmured, “You have given me two gifts.” His hands rested on the powerful chest before him. He pulled the toga almost hesitantly. “I’m indebted to you until my last breath.”  He looked Janus in the eye and snorted again. “You’re a sad, unmanly nothing.” He pushed Janus as if disgusted. “Sucking my cock and offering your hole to be rammed like a bitch in heat, degrading yourself in the hands of a common whore.” He spat at Janus’s feet. “I had no options, enslaved to a contract. But you… you’re pathetic.”
Janus stood there, confused, petrified, broken. His distraught features shattered Ehren’s heart beyond repair.
Ehren was ready to launch another attack when the wanted reaction surged, explosive.
“You filthy, disgusting whore!” Janus punched Ehren in the face. Revolted could not begin to describe the transformation marring the centurion’s handsome face; it scrunched in a mask of murderous hatred. “I curse the day I spared your life.” He kicked Ehren’s folded form. “I should never have come back to this despicable city,” he growled and turned around. “Guard! Let me out!” 
The guard rushed to open the cell, his eyes wild. Ehren wasn’t sure if the man had been eavesdropping, but it didn’t matter. Ehren had accomplished his intent: Janus hated him.
It’s done. I can go to my death knowing that he will not suffer for me. Whatever he’s feeling right now shall pass— no one remembers the lies of a whore.

17. REPENTANCE

JUNE
Janus had never been on this side of the Amphitheater. He wasn’t a centurion of Rome anymore, but his connections were still fresh, and his weight as Patrician had never failed him either. The roar of the multitude already assembled was deafening and unsettling. Nevertheless, their noisy excitement could not compare with the rumble of war, where the glory of the Empire was won with the blood of loyal men, not criminals.
At least one of the men scheduled to die today was not a criminal, even if all the proof had been against him. Janus knew in his heart Ehren was innocent; in the eyes of the gods, a man had the right to retaliate.
Janus was sure that a great number of people congregated to watch the spectacle were not aware that it was an execution, not actual Games. For many, the blood of the Arena was just entertainment, independently of the reasons for it to happen. 
The unnerving cacophony turned into an enthusiastic chant: Equus! Equus! Equus!
They seemed thrilled by the apparition of their champion after so many years away from the Games.
Humongous wooden doors opened, and Janus walked out of the enclosure, where he had been waiting, to join Ehren. 
Surprise and guilt and anger flashed on Ehren’s face. ”You hate me so much, you decided to do the deed yourself,” he grumbled.
“Don’t be dramatic. I came to fight by your side. The words on your lips were harsh, but the lie never reached your eyes.” Janus swirled his sword in his left hand. “You might be a good actor, and, yet, it takes a consummate liar to recognize the telltales of another.”
Ehren shook his head silently. The chant of the people was becoming a frenzy.
Janus gestured with his chin and pointed at Ehren. “If you think I’m going to let you go to the Afterlife by yourself, you’re fucking wrong. I’m not letting you jump through that window without me again.” 
“You can’t do this,” Ehren hissed. 
“I gave you the reaction you wanted because you’re a stubborn mule when something gets in your head, and I wouldn’t get anywhere arguing with you.” 
“Asshole.” 
“That would be your reward if we survive the day, if not,” Janus winked, “see you on the other side.”
The doors opposed to the one Janus had exited opened; five men in loincloths stepped out of them, armed to the teeth.
Janus moved closer to Ehren. “I’m already here, so stop being a bitch. We just need to kill twenty jackals, and we go home to fuck like rabbits.”
There was no home; Janus would never set foot in Pompo’s villa again, but Ehren didn’t need to know that— he just needed an incentive. 
“I’m not putting up, you lunatic. I’m pissed off!”
It seemed the prospect of a long night of passion wasn’t enough, though. Janus laughed. “It’s not nice to go to the Afterlife pissed off at your lover then.” Both were appraising the men approaching, but (in that instant) they turned toward each other, their eyes locking. “You know I’ll find you across the river,” Janus said almost lightly. “You’re not getting rid of me that easily.”
“You sick, pompous moron.”
And to think I used that same expression about him what seems now eons ago.
“Ha! But you love me!”
“I so fucking do!”
“Well, that’s why I’m here, you whiny-ass. When Love becomes Danger you have two options: run or fight for it. I chose to fight!”
Three were finally close enough to attack. The trio swung their swords as one. And with the violent clash of metal on metal, the sprint for survival began. 
Ehren blocked a descending sword, kicking another assailant in the stomach. He swiveled, smacking the first with his short shield.
Janus sidestepped and used the enemy’s forward momentum to whirl and slash him in the arm. Before the man could bring himself completely upward, Janus thrust, opening the man’s belly on his way out— guts and blood gushed out. He pushed the dying man away. 
Ehren had dispatched his two. And they fought the remnants of the five, side by side with practiced swift motions. It was as if they had fought together all their lives. 
They finished the wounded men, cutting their throats; there was no reason for them to stay in agony longer than necessary. The crowd was wild, its roar thunderous and hungry. Somehow, Janus name had reached them and they chanted it along Ehren’s.
Equus! Crispus! Equus! Crispus! Equus! Crispus!
They thought him another gladiator, and Janus would be anything to save his love. He had accepted that idea; what it meant to his future. And he was ready to roll with it.
Both heaved and panted, searching in all directions, waiting for the next group.
“Fifteen to go,” Janus shouted even if he was beside Ehren since the crowd was beyond loud, riotous.
“If we survive this I’m going to kill you.”
“Seriously? I thought you loved me.”
“And I thought you hated me, and that was my way of saving you,” Ehren yelled.
The first battle had taken them to the center of the Arena. Slaves had come to pick up the dead bodies, and now four men were rushing toward them— these with tridents and nets.
“Fuck, I hate retiarius,” Ehren growled.
“You think these are real gladiators?” Janus asked. The previous five seemed convicts without too much previous combat training. The idea would be to execute as many prisoners as possible, especially knowing how capable Ehren was.
“I don’t know. Doesn’t seem right to waste good gladiators in this fight,” Ehren spat, “unless those morons are trying to prove something by going against me.”
“Let’s show those cunt-lickers how it’s done then.”
“You’re so paying for this.” Ehren bumped his shoulder with Janus’s.
“Gods! How many men do I need to kill to get your forgiveness?”
Ehren cackled, “At least more than me, Centurion!” 
“Easy peasy—” Janus started to say.
“—olive crush!” Ehren finished, dodging the first net thrown their way.
Another net came flying from the opposite direction. Janus sidestepped and went on the attack. He used his shield to block the trident as he moved forward and swept lower to strike the man’s legs. Usually, fighters with tridents and spears relied on the length of their weapons, thinking the opponents would not get close enough to harm them. That was exactly Janus’s specialty, close quarter combat. His retiarius didn’t react as quickly as needed. Janus slashed the back of one luckily exposed ankle, not deeply— just enough to make the man go to his knees and finish him with a returning neck swipe. The angle made blood splash on Janus’s side. He hated to be covered in blood. He didn’t mind the stickiness, but weapons became hard to grasp and maneuver, especially when you were constantly moving.
Before Janus could think too much about it, he had to jump avoiding getting tangled with a net swiping at his feet. The new attacker threw his trident. In that heartbeat, while the retiarius waited to see his weapon reach the target, Janus flung his round shield like a disk as he ducked. It hit the fucker deathly in the center of his face. Janus took the trident and sent it back to his master with a goodbye note.
Ehren was dealing with the last of the retiarius, and this one either was a true gladiator or had a personal quarrel with Ehren. The man was giving the Stallion no quarter, and Janus realized that Ehren was bleeding from one shoulder. He retrieved the net from his last prize and ran to join his lover. Instead of casting the net, Janus lashed it at the opponent’s face. The man yelped as it stung his eyes. Ehren finished him with his sword between the ribs.
As the last retiarius fell to the ground, Ehren and Janus touched elbows, and the crowd went wild. 
Equus! Crispus! Equus! Crispus! Equus! Crispus!
“You fight well!” Ehren shouted over the crowd’s booming chant.
Something inside Janus twisted with recognition. Ehren had used those same three words after they’d fought— the day of their first meeting.
“I rather fight beside you than against you.”
“Ostrich,” Ehren said, smirking.
“You don’t seem to mind when I have my ass in the air.” Janus waggled his eyebrows.
The battle’s flush deepened on Ehren’s face. “This isn’t the place for that kind of image.”
“Then don’t call me ostrich again. I don’t hide my head in the sand. I just know when to accept that someone is better than me at something.” Janus thought about sticking his tongue out, but that wouldn’t be appropriate for this moment. They were fighting for their lives, and myriad eyes were on them, enjoying fierce killers. “Eleven to go, and we’re free!”
They collected their shields and a couple of short daggers from the retiarius before the dead bodies were removed from the sand.
The next six men seemed convicts (barely covered like Ehren and Janus), but each had a different weapon, and only one of those was a sword. 
A club, a dangerously long length of chain, a spear, a ridiculously huge cleaver, a whip with mysteriously glinting tails, and a broad sword were the new arsenal against them.
“Now I wish we’d have kept at least one net,” Ehren growled.
“I wholeheartedly agree.” Janus cleaned his bleeding mouth with the back of his hand. He didn’t know which dead man was responsible for his busted lip. It was meaningless anyway. They couldn’t leave the Arena unscathed; there was no honor in that. “What’s the plan?”
“Not happy with Chain and Whip. I think we should neutralize those first.” Ehren twirled his sword, his eyes narrowed— appraising their enemies’ strengths. “Chain looks uncomfortable, perhaps because to handle it, he’s the only one shieldless. Let’s focus on that one, and when the others close in, we use them to finish him. Be mindful of Club, though. He seems capable.”
“I noticed that.”
“Good. We don’t wait for them this time. We attack. Ready?”
“Ready.”
Both took a moment to breathe deeply. At Ehren’s signal, they unleashed a war cry and ran straight to Chain, confusing the others. Chain tried to spin half of the heavy length over his head in what appeared a foolish attempt of showmanship. Cleaver came from Janus’s left while Spear threw his weapon from Ehren’s right. Ehren and Janus both dropped down almost in sync, using their momentum to slide heels-first on each side of Chain. Their swords slashed his thighs, and they rolled and sprang back. 
The spear aimed at Ehren was lodged on Cleaver’s shoulder. Janus thrust, piercing Cleaver’s unprotected flank as the man struggled with the rod. His scream was louder than the cheers of the crowd. Janus smacked him with his shield to knock him out. He whirled and saw Ehren engaged with Sword, Chain at his feet, motionless. 
Club was trying to crush Spear, in their own particular battle. Whip ran toward Ehren and flicked his hand. The lash struck Ehren’s calf and almost doubled him. 
“Nooooo!” Janus cried as he rushed toward them. He flung his shield, but Whip ducked, avoiding it and bringing his whip back to him. Before Whip could unfurl his weapon again, Janus leaped— his sword ready to hack the cunt-licker in two. The blade found Whip’s head and lodged there as Janus slammed against him. His sword got stuck in the skull. Janus didn’t have time to wrestle it out because Club turned to the other two, done with Spear. 
Club rushed toward Ehren and Sword, ready to cudgel them. Janus rolled from Whip’s inert body and hurled a retiarius dagger. It entered Club’s midsection, but the asshole kept running, impassive. Janus gained his feet properly, grabbed the whip, and sped toward the group. He was furious; no one should be able to run with a dagger fixed in the abdomen. 
As soon as he was within striking distance, Janus lashed truly— straight at Club’s face. The sting stopped him— his weapon flew as he tried to protect his face with both hands. Any other person would have screamed; the bastard roared more violently than a wounded beast. The pieces of metal braided in the tails had done their job. Club’s face was covered in blood as the lunged looking for his cudgel. 
Ehren thrust sideways, finally connecting with Sword. He kicked the wounded man to free his sword, the impact making him slam into Club— his weight finishing the work the retiarius dagger hadn’t done on its own. With both men down, Ehren and Janus quickly finished them. Janus went back to check on Spear, and (since he was still breathing) sent him to meet the ferryman.
The crowd was wild, clamoring for more blood— their harsh voices, the call of a hungry monster.
Janus gathered sword, shield, and a dagger from the dead men. Slaves scattered to claim the fallen, dragging them, leaving trails of blood in their haste. The doors hadn’t properly closed behind the slaves when a two-horse chariot burst from the opposite end. One man controlled the horses, while an archer drew and loosed arrows with supernatural speed. Both men wore chest armor. 
“What fuckery is this!?” Janus pushed Ehren. 
Ehren cackled. “Hey, only three after these two!” 
They ran away from each other. Archer focused on Ehren, who zigzagged— trying to gain the back of the chariot. 
As the horses veered toward Ehren, Janus came to the perfect spot and flung his shield, knocking Driver out. The unconscious weight struck Archer, and the animals were spooked out of control.
Ehren climbed the chariot and wrestled Archer. The man struck Ehren with his bow. Ehren abandoned his shield, punching Archer in the face because both had their sword hands tangled. Janus jumped onto one of the horses to control them. The space in the chariot wasn’t enough for four, especially because one body there was an unconscious burden already. He used his sword to cut the reins. Once freed of their cargo, the horses calmed down. Janus dismounted, running back to the fray. 
Archer was now metal against metal with Ehren out of the chariot. The man wasn’t just an exceptional archer; he was brutally fighting Ehren with the sword. He thrust with blinding speed. Ehren counterpointed with difficulty. The wound on Ehren’s shoulder was progressively taking its toll. 
This was life or death. There was no point in integrity; survival was the only goal. The moment Janus was within striking distance, he slashed the back of Archer’s knee. Ehren dispatched the enemy, piercing the neck. 
Driver had awoken and aimed a dagger toward Ehren. Janus stopped the projectile with a swing of his sword. He instantly swiveled to send the retiarius dagger with his free hand. The dagger didn’t meet flesh but gave Ehren and Janus time to run and catch Driver before he could figure out his next move. He went down silently, almost resigned to his fate.
The chant of the crowd had turned from their names into “Let them live! Let them live! Let them live!”
The only had three more men to go, and they were free. If they stopped now due to the people’s fickleness, the Magistrates could find another reason to keep Ehren jailed and sentenced. Their only hope was finishing the number of opponents agreed through Lex Confabula.
Slaves removed the debris of the encounter.
“All right, Janus. We survived seventeen. I’m starting to be optimistic about the outcome,” said Ehren, with his hands over his knees and heaving. His face was radiant, close to mischievous amusement, even if his body was full of cuts and bruises, and the shoulder wound bled profusely. 
“That’s the spirit.” Janus was truly intrigued. After all the combats, nothing marred Ehren’s face but the normal battle flush. The gods really loved his handsome features. Janus chuckled. Ehren looked at him with an arched eyebrow. “You look like shit,” Janus joked.
“You haven’t seen yourself. Although, I’m seriously liking that busted lip and swollen eye look.” Ehren grinned, waggling his eyebrows.
“Jerk.”
“Ha!”
Giant wooden doors creaked open for the fifth time; Janus wasn’t happy with the three things they puked.
The fully armed thraeces were colossal. Two had round shields, like theirs, and the one in the middle had a square one. All shields were chest size, but since the fuckers were huge, their shields were bigger than Ehren and Janus’s. 
Janus turned to Ehren. “Still optimistic?”
“We haven’t fought this far just to pee our loincloths now, have we?”
“Fuck no!”
“That’s the spirit!”
“You’re an idiot!”
“Watch your mouth, or you won’t get laid after this,” Ehren hissed, but his face had too much excitement and enthusiasm on it. He looked different, and Janus understood why the people had adored him while a gladiator. He was a man who relished giving them a good show. His whole body vibrated with an energy Janus hadn’t noticed before because he had been fighting for his life too.
“What’s the plan?” Janus asked as the thraeces slowly advanced— intent on intimidating them.  
“Go for the flanks, the helmets limit their vision vastly. These morons tend to fight with hacking motions because of their height so keep yourself edgewise, and use that aerial fight you love so much.”
“Here we go!” Janus shouted over the roar of the crowd, and they split, looking for their targets.
The thraeces had not expected their prey to attack first. 
This gave Ehren and Janus a small window of confusion to produce some damage. They slashed opposite flanks on their two thraeces. As the marks tried to swing their curved swords, they smashed their shields to disable both men. Ehren and Janus spiraled in mid-motion and struck shoulders. 
The thraeces swatted blindly, their swords searching for muscle, but it was too late. Before they could do any harm, their throats became blood fountains. The third thraex aimed for Ehren. 
Ehren thrust. The thraex deflected with his square shield. Janus joined them, taunting the gladiator by moving in and out of his sight field. The thraex roared, swiveling to avoid Ehren’s sword and smacking Janus before he could get out of the way. 
The hit hurt Janus’s shield arm, and he decided to ditch it, too heavy now to maneuver it properly. He tried to kick the thraex, but the man blocked Janus with his own bare foot as his and Ehren’s swords clanked furiously. 
They were tired. If they didn’t find a way to finish this cunt-licker fast, they’d lose due to pure exhaustion. Janus sidestepped closer to Ehren. “Air?” 
Ehren gave a quick nod. With short attacks, they led the thraex back to the vicinity of his two dead comrades. As soon as they had him in the best spot, both used the thraeces’ immobile forms to launch themselves and strike in unison. Their swords descended, angling toward the neck. Their aim was true, but, in that frantic heartbeat before the thraex was annihilated, he raised his weapons and wounded (even if slightly) Ehren’s right flank with the sword and Janus’s left thigh with his shield. The thraex fell to the ground with a muffled thud, blood and dust rising from and around him as Ehren and Janus rolled away.
The people in the Amphitheater went to their feet, their deafening cheers— monstrous and absolute. 
Equus! Crispus! Let them live! Equus! Crispus! Let them live!
They had paid the price of the Lex Confabula. 
They had done it.
Janus found Ehren’s eyes. Storm gray mirrors were bright and full of emotion. They ran toward each other and hugged. They cry of the beastly mass around them became louder than before, the approval clear and unanimous. Janus desperately wanted to taste Ehren’s lips, but they would have time for that later when they were alone and celebrating their victory against Death.
Almost painfully, Janus broke the embrace, and both turned toward the Magistrates, as slaves dragged away the thraeces’ bodies.
The Head Magistrate stood up, waiting for the people’s loud revelry to cease, so everyone could hear his voice. “So the man known as Equus the Stallion has defeated men, helped by another man. Now, let’s see if the whore known as Horse is able to defeat a pride of lions.”
There was a moment of gaping silence where all eyes moved from the Head Magistrate back to the sand.
Disbelief and confusion and rage surged, thundering from the crowd. Thousands of voices rose like myriad arrows aimed at the Magistrates. 
It was all meaningless anyway. 
The eight doors, leading to the Arena, opened as one. The beasts sped toward them.
“Seems like some bigshot is not your fan,” Janus shouted and chuckled over the roars of humans and lions. 
“Perhaps, you pissed them off!”
Fuck.
Well, if they were going to die, Janus was ready to do so— with a smile and a happy heart.
After all, he was about to die beside the man he loved.

18. SACRIFICE

JULY
Their lives had been spared.
Ehren looked as the physicians desperately worked on Janus’s wounds. He started limp-pacing again. 
“Equus!”
Ehren turned around, seeking the voice, and found Pompo running toward him, his wife hot on his heels. 
“Thanks the gods, you’re all right.” Pompo grabbed Ehren by the shoulders and inspected his wounds. 
They were mostly superficial, and the heavy ones had already been cleaned and dressed. Even if the lions had done more damage than the men, this hadn’t been his first time fighting beasts. 
Pompo tilted his head to see where the physicians worked frantically. “Is he going to make it?”
Thalia let a loud sob escape.
“His injuries are great but these are the best men for the job.” Ehren shrugged slightly, so Pompo would release him. He narrowed his eyes. “Where were you? We have been down here for almost two hours.”
“I didn’t know Janus was fighting here beside you.” Pompo scrunched his face. “I thought he’d left Pompeii after he helped you escape.”
“What?”
“I never come to the Amphitheater for executions like this. I wasn’t aware yours was still happening.”
“Not about that. What did you mean with helping me escape?
Pompo’s dark eyes went wide, and he covered his mouth with ringed fingers, surprise clear on his face. “You didn’t know it was him?”
Ehren palmed his face. It explained so many things. He turned his head to the bloody pallet where the motions were slowing down. What could he say to Janus when the centurion was awake again? Janus didn’t want him to be indebted. But what else could Ehren be?
Thalia moved close to Pompo and encircled his arm. “They’re finishing.”
Ehren walked away from husband and wife. The head physician, Galen, met him halfway to the pallet. “We did everything we could. He lost too much blood, but we patched him well after we adjusted internal conflicts exposed. Now, he’s in the hands of the gods.” He patted Ehren’s cheek softly; he’d patched Ehren many times while he was a gladiator. “You take that pretty face to Aesculapius with some offerings.”
“Of course,” Ehren said. “Can we move him?”
“Just to be safe, let’s wait until morning.” Galen smiled. “The best healing is during the night when the body is supposed to rest.” He gestured to one of the slaves that helped with the wounded. “See that a pallet is fixed near the centurion so Equus could spend the night here too.”
“At once.” The slave bowed and left to carry out the order.
“I’ll come back before first watch to check on him,” Galen said with a nod and walked away. He stopped and chatted with Pompo and Thalia for a moment before exiting the underground infirmary. 
Ehren stood before Janus’s pallet. The lions had done a number on him, something men hadn’t been able to do. He had never seen Janus sleep before, even if this was no real sleep but drug-induced rest. It didn’t matter; Janus looked peaceful. Ehren couldn’t deny his feelings were more than gratitude. He wanted to be conflicted about it, and, yet, he couldn’t. They had shouted they loved each other; there was no turning back from there.
Beyond conventions and restrictions, Ehren had accepted the reality of the emotions swarming inside him. There was a moment when gratitude moved further and transformed. To reject the fire Ehren had discovered in Janus’s eyes would be cowardice, knowing the same relentless flame burned inside him.
The time of debt had transcended something his heart couldn’t completely grasp yet— but was entirely ready to embrace without fear.

The sun had come and gone ten times since they fought for their lives at the Arena. Not even once Janus had opened his eyes, nor recovered the barest trace of consciousness.
Galen and Pompo had contacted great physicians, even intercepted an old, famously known Greek in his way to Ostia, rumored to procure medical miracles. 
None had been able to come up with a logical diagnosis. Janus’s most terrible wounds were almost healed, and he didn’t have any swelling inside his head oppressing his brain to keep him knocked out like this. 
It was a deplorable mystery. Pompo was ready to request hecatomb, but that had its own set of complications. A soldier could offer sacrifices to Aesculapius, but hecatomb was reserved for the higher gods. Mars should be the one receiving the hundred oxen. However, his priests said one didn’t offer to Mars for healing but for victory. Wasn’t healing a victory over Death?
Ehren didn’t pray, but after seeing the slaves feeding Janus with tubes once again, he couldn’t be stubborn and selfish without remorse. He slid from the chair beside Janus’s bed to his knees and took hold of a gelid, callused hand.
“I don’t know if it was the gods of Rome who let me live, or, you, the gods of my ancestors. All I know is I pray for the life of this man, Janus Vettius Crispus, who was willing to give his life for mine. Take my life and give it to him because, after knowing the face of true love, a life without it, it’s not worth living. I can’t live without Janus. 
“Every action has a reaction. The reaction to his actions is that I’m ready to offer my life for his. Gods of my ancestors, Gods of Rome, hear my plea.” 
“I don’t think the gods would let us go through all this,” Janus hissed hoarsely. “Just to end it like a fucking Greek tragedy. With everybody dead on the stage.” He coughed. “Give them a little more credit. They’re going to allow us happiness for a while, and then fuck us over.” 
“I’ll take it, even if it’s just a day of happiness!” Ehren desperately kissed the icy hand he held, still in shock from Janus sudden awakening. 
“You’ve got to aim higher. You start the haggle with a year to see if you can get away with it.” The voice was rough and unused, but it was laced with amusement— all true Janus.
“This is why the gods have fun with men. We’re greedy. We always want more than we deserve,” Ehren admonished Janus.
“If men weren’t greedy, you wouldn’t live in an empire.”
“Exactly. I wouldn’t be crying like a fucking idiot beside your sick bed.”
Janus tried to move his hand to touch Ehren’s tears, but he was too weak. Ehren guided the hand and a finger traced the wet downward trail. “So you love me, huh?”
“Asshole.”
“Soon, beloved. Soon.”

19. TOUCHSTONE

JULY
“I’m telling you. He was the only one, aside from the mercenaries and me, who knew about it.” Janus had not been happy to discover Ehren was in Pompo’s villa.
“But he’s your blood. What would be the purpose of something like that? I barely know him. He never requested my services before or after your arrival,” Ehren argued. “There must be another explanation.”
“What if it’s not about you, but about me?”
“I don’t understand.”
“He’s always had a thing for me since we were little. Always groping me, always telling me how pretty I was.”
“Are you serious?” Ehren’s expression was one of pure disbelief.
Janus touched Ehren’s face. “Why would I make up such a thing? Do you really think I would want my cousin to be the enemy in this story?”
“No. Of course not.”
“Then help me figure this out. I rather find some other place to stay than being here, and I’m about to say to Orcus with the physician’s instructions.”
Ehren snickered. “We just need to exercise you for a couple more days, and you’ll be fit to ride and everything else. We will leave then.” He took the hand Janus had over his cheek and kissed the palm. “Slaves hear things. I might find a way to get some information out of them. I have a sneaky trick or two.” He winked.
“Heh, heh. One mercenary said something similar.”
“You, Romans, tend to be straightforward, but there’s a lot of intrigues and bad blood underneath that façade of propriety. The conquered always need an extra something to deal with you.” Ehren waggled his eyebrows.
“Hmm. And what’s that ‘extra something’ you use with me?” Janus traced a finger over Ehren’s full lower lip. Ehren closed his eyes and parted his mouth encouragingly. Janus pushed himself from the pillows and replaced the finger with his own lips. Both hands moved to Ehren’s shoulders, bringing their chests closer.
By the time they broke their kiss, Janus had forgotten about conspiracies and the need to flee from his cousin’s domain. He just wanted to stay in Ehren’s arms and not worry about anything else ever again. 
Ehren looked at him with his wonderful eyes, big and shiny. “I haven’t had the chance to properly thank you for the Arena.”
“I protect what I love. There’s no need for gratitude.” Janus smiled. “Lovers don’t thank each other for something rightfully deserved.”
“That doesn’t mean I can’t be grateful.” Ehren smiled back.
“I have a couple ideas for a properly filthy thank you then.”
“And I will happily oblige.”
“Master?” A young slave girl stood by the room’s threshold, pulling the curtain a little apart. “You have visitors.”
Strange. Janus didn’t have any acquaintances in Pompeii. It probably was some business associates of Pompo looking for his favor. “Who?” Janus asked.
“Three boys from The Zoo, master.”
Janus glanced at Ehren. “It must be for you then.”
“Sorry, master. They asked to see the Centurion,” she said hesitantly.
“That’s odd,” Ehren said. He turned back to Janus. “You want me to talk to them.”
“No. Let’s see what they want. Bring them in. What’s your name, girl?”
“Omara, master.”
“Very well. Bring them in, Omara.”
She left the threshold, letting the curtain fall back.
“That was nice.” Ehren patted Janus’s hand.
“I’m learning from the best.”
Omara escorted the trio into the room. Janus knew Lamb and Parrot, but didn’t have a name for the third boy; he had the dark tan of the desert people.
“Good day, Centurion,” Lamb said, bowing slightly and pushing Parrot in front of him. “We have information you may find interesting.”
“Lamb, Dormouse, what’s going on?” Ehren asked. 
The boy called Dormouse answered, “The snitch knows things.” He elbowed Parrot, who squealed with the impact. 
Ehren went to his feet and stopped, facing Parrot, arms akimbo. “I’m not part of The Zoo anymore. What is your issue with me?”
Janus knew Lion had been Parrot’s mentor; perhaps the kid still resented Ehren for Lion’s demise. 
Parrot shook his head, his lips pressed tightly, like someone avoiding bitter medicine. Dormouse smacked him on the side of the head. “Speak, you cunt-licker.”
“Dormouse, stop that!” Ehren ordered.
“Oh, I’m pretty sure you’d smack him too if you knew what we know,” Lamb offered. Ehren had always said the boy was shy, but he didn’t seem it right now.
A little bit of jealousy nudged Janus. He was aware of the relationship the boy had with Ehren. Whore mentorship was an intimate affair, and adoration was clear in the boy’s eyes every time they settled on Ehren. Janus shook the dark sensation away; he shouldn’t be jealous of a youngling. “You’d better start talking, vulture hatchling,” Janus growled. “Not that long ago, I told you I’d buy you just to lash you. Don’t force me to make good on that offer.” 
“I have nothing to say.” Parrot narrowed his eyes with a defiance he didn’t have in him a heartbeat before.
PLAFF.
Parrot touched his struck cheek, his face bewildered. 
Even Janus was shocked. He had never seen Ehren do something like that. He noticed the same confused looks on the other two boys.
“Centurion Vettius gave you an order, and you will obey.” Ehren grabbed Parrot by the arm and shook him.
“Omara, get someone to prepare the lashing post. I don’t feel like wasting time interrogating this snitch, I rather see him bleed.” Janus adjusted the pillows behind him. “That ought to loosen his tongue.” 
“Yeah!” Lamb and Dormouse cheered in sync. Janus would think the kids cruel, but he was sure they were just fed up with the little piece of shit.
“At once, master.” Omara bowed and turned to leave.
“Wait!” Parrot cried. “It was all Scando’s idea!”
“What do you mean?” Ehren gave Parrot another violent shake.
“He told the city guards about your escape!”
That didn’t make any sense. Scando and Pompo working together?
“Tell the whole story, snitch.” Lamb was the one smacking Parrot’s head this time.
Ehren released Parrot as if he was something seriously disgusting. “Talk,” he barked.
“One of the Syrian mercenaries told Scando about it. He wanted to have Cat, and Scando wouldn’t let him, saying that the mercenary would damage his goods. So the Syrian gave him the info to gain his favor.”
Ehren’s features turned from disgust to fury. He looked at Lamb and Dormouse. “Cat?” 
The pups nodded gravely. Then, Lamb said, “But he’s all right. You know we aren’t fragile.”
“Would you recognize the mercenary if you see him again?” Janus asked Parrot.
Parrot looked upward as if he couldn’t hear Janus. The answer came from Dormouse. “He had a big scar across his face.”
“I know the fucker,” Janus hissed.
“You do?” Ehren stared at him, surprised. 
“He was one of the three that came to inform me of the bust.”
“What do we do now?” Ehren asked.
“First, we deal with this hatchling,” Janus pointed his chin at Parrot, “then, with his master.” 
Parrot made a dash for the door. Lamb and Dormouse tackled him, punching him with gusto once on the floor.
Neither Ehren nor Janus stopped the beating. “Omara,” Janus called, “get some chains.”

Love is a messy thing.
In the case of Lamb and Parrot, it was more infatuation than love, but still— messy.
The conversations with both kids had been enlightening even if Janus had never been one to go easy around younglings. Yet, those two weren’t mere pups. A whore’s life wasn’t a soft one, and they had to learn to be tough in the presence of hardship.
Janus had confronted Lamb first. He knew it came from the wrong place, but he was not going to let that thing be nagging in the back of his mind forever, even if it was a silly thing. “Explain this loyalty I see toward Equus,” Janus had asked Lamb while Ehren, Dormouse, and two male slaves handled Parrot’s accommodations until they dealt with all their enemies. “Are you in love with him?”
Lamb closed his eyes and scrunched his face as if ashamed for a couple of heartbeats. “I want to be honest, Centurion,” he said, opening his eyes and staring at the floor. “I was star-struck at first. I’m the only one of the “smalls” actually from Pompeii. Just coming to The Zoo, and be able to work in the same place with him was incredible, but when Fortune made him my mentor… I can’t describe how that felt.” He made a pause, his Adam’s apple bobbing. “I guess I don’t need to tell you what that mentorship is.” The boy was well-trained; he didn’t blush.
“Yes,” Janus huffed past the lump in his own throat. Jealousy made ugly faces and danced inside him. “But you haven’t answered my question.”
“I’m not in love with Equus, Centurion.” Now, a touch of red surfaced on Lamb’s cheeks. “Dormouse and I are trying to figure out the emotions between us. Whores are not supposed to be affectionate with each other, but we can’t help it.”
Jealousy shattered like a vase flung against a wall. Janus felt little and absurd and ridiculous. He put his hand on Lamb’s shoulder. “I’m a selfish man. Someday, you might feel as strongly for another, and you’ll understand.”
“I think I’m not far from that moment.” Lamb smiled shyly. 
Janus nodded and kept his hand on the boy’s shoulder as they walked to find the others.
Parrot’s had been a completely different exchange.
The first thing Janus realized was the lack of respect of the snitch. He didn’t consider Janus a man because he saw Janus on his knees with Ehren’s cock in his mouth. The fact that a whore, who used his holes to please others, could have the nerve to judge him irritated Janus to no end. A self-righteous whore was beyond ludicrous. 
Janus slapped Parrot hard. “If you think I’m less than you because I, a Patrician, was sucking a cock willingly, that’s your mistake. No matter what I do or don’t, I’m your better, and you will show respect.” He grabbed the kid’s jaw and squeezed it. “I can crush you and end your life. It will only take a couple of coins to repay your master,” Janus sneered. “I want answers.”
Parrot’s eyes started to water. He nodded, and Janus released him. He looked like a string puppet, hanging from a roof beam of the grain storage room. 
Janus wasn’t one to be unnecessarily cruel, but he wasn’t a patient man either. “Why do you hate Equus so much?” For a moment, Janus thought of simply killing the snitch and be done with it. He was just a slave after all. Still, he was sure Ehren wouldn’t condone that action unless it was in self-defense, and Ehren would not believe him if he came with that excuse. “You think he killed Lion, is that it?” He raised his hand to strike Parrot again.
“I know he didn’t.”
“What? How could you know that?”
“I want your word that you won’t kill me after I tell everything.”
Janus’s hand descended with irate force, making the kid swing sideways after the strike. “You’re in no position to bargain, vulture hatchling.”
Tears ran down Parrot’s cheeks. They would not stop Janus if he needed to use real violence with the little rat. Parrot looked at Janus straight in the eye for the first time. It was a defiant gesture, but Janus would let it slide if it gave him the answers he sought.
“Are you going to speak, or you need more?” Janus asked.
“Scando did it.”
Janus was aware Scando was part of the situation, so those words didn’t bring anything new. He raised his hand one more time, arching an eyebrow.
“He killed Lion,” Parrot shouted.
“How?” Janus wasn’t convinced just like that. Scando didn’t look like a man capable of having a fight with one of the ex-gladiators, and he didn’t have any visible signals of a struggle.
“I gave him a drug to slow him down, and Scando paid somebody to sneak behind Lion and kill him with Horse’s RUDIS.”
“Why didn’t he use one of his slaves?”
“How would I know? Perhaps they refused. Everybody loves fucking Horse.” The last sentence was said with such venom— Janus didn’t know how he had the control not to beat the shit out of Parrot.
“Can you identify the man who did it?”
“Yes, and it wasn’t a man but a woman. One gladiatrix from Capua.” 
Shit. Janus would have to send a party to capture her under wraps, and it was not going to be easy.
“But why? Why do all these things to hurt Eq- Horse?” Janus even knew Scando had asked Ehren to be his right hand and help him manage The Zoo. There was no reason to turn against him like that.
Bright and powerful, hatred burnt in Parrot’s fair eyes— his face a mass of pure contempt. “Because he loves him. Scando said if Horse wasn’t his, he’d be no one’s.”
Fuck.
But something in the kid’s demeanor alerted Janus. “What’s your excuse then? Were you in love with Lion? Shouldn’t you help destroy the man who killed the one you loved?”
“I didn’t love Lion.” Parrot looked at him as if Janus was stupid. “He was an asshole but a good teacher. He taught me to be strong, to be ruthless.”
“Why your animosity toward Horse then? There must be a reason.”
“I want Scando for myself. He’s the only one with power in that whorehouse.”
Janus hadn’t seen that one coming. Lion had taught his pupil extremely well; the pupil didn’t show any remorse after taking him out of the way to reach his goal. In a way, Lion had chopped the wood for his own funeral pyre. “Now you won’t get anything, and you’ll probably die since you’re a murder accomplice.”
Parrot shrugged, his chains making a sad rattling sound. “Still win. Dead, I’m nobody’s slave.”
Lion had breastfed a monster. No. That dark seed must have been inside Parrot before Lion made it blossom— his darkness simply found the appropriate place to be nourished. 
“Very well. I promise to make your death very slow and painful. I don’t like rats, snitches, or talking birds.”
“I’m not afraid to die,” Parrot scoffed.
“That doesn’t mean it won’t hurt like a bitch.” Janus about-faced and left the grain storage room.
A day later, Janus rode with a mixed force of city guards and soldiers toward the Milk Mountains to where Scando had escaped. Scando had done things to hurt Ehren; it was Janus’s right to be the one to take the man’s life if he resisted capture and fought back. 
Janus really hoped Scando didn’t surrender quickly. He wanted the chance to hurt the cunt-licker before Justice handled him.
Ehren tried to argue with him when Janus retold Parrot’s story. “Let the city guards handle this. You’re not strong enough to be riding and fighting. He’s probably got the mercenaries with him.”
“Never tell a centurion of Rome he isn’t strong,” Janus hissed.
“Don’t go there, Janus. You renounced the Legions before this happened. You might be a soldier at heart, but what about me? You want me to lose you when I just accepted that I can’t live without you?”
“You don’t want me to go there and would resort to guilting me?” Janus couldn’t disguise his amusement by Ehren’s dramatic tactic.
“I would if it works,” Ehren accepted flatly.
“It’s not.”
“Fuck.” Exasperation was clear in Ehren’s tone.
“Later, love, later. Now, if you scoot over a little I can put your cock in my mouth and give you something to think about until I return.” Janus chuckled.
Ehren did the opposite, sliding away from Janus until he was out of the bed. “If you want some you’d better come back in one piece.” He stormed out of the room.
Janus laughed as they galloped, remembering Ehren’s irritation. It didn’t last long, though. They fucked like beastly rabbits an hour before Janus’s departure. They knew how tides could change in a heartbeat for better or worse, and each moment they could spend inside each other was an opportunity too dear to be wasted. 
“Prime Centurion Vettius, the trackers found the trail.”
Janus was not going to argue with the men about his not-military status after he had raised a stink to come with them. “How many and how far?”
“Ten horses, Centurion. No more than two hours.”
“Let’s make haste then. The crimes of that cunt-licker aren’t just against men but against Pompeii for wasting her time.”
The twenty men with Janus cheered and spurred their mounts.
Night arrived before they could catch their prey. Scando’s slaves had been very helpful since they weren’t happy with their master after learning of his maneuvers against Ehren. They informed Janus of a secret cottage Scando had in the mountains, but none really knew the location. The fucker was as sneaky as he was wicked.
Parrot was right; everybody loved Ehren, but not for the reason Parrot suspected. The rat had the impression people loved Ehren because he was a handsome man, and they were just enthralled by his appearance. That was his mistake. Ehren knew the name of each person in the whorehouse and used it. Never called a slave “hey” or “you”. Even in passing, he always said something nice or encouraging to everyone. Yeah, the animosity between Ehren and Lion was famous, but that was a very specific case, not the norm with him. 
The selfless act of saving the widow and her kids from a life of servitude they didn’t deserve was another reason for the slaves of the whorehouse and (beyond its walls) for Pompeii at large to love Ehren. How many men would give up their freedom so rightfully and recently gained for others? 
Ehren had a great heart, and that was the secret his enemies couldn’t understand. You catch more with honey than vinegar. Most people only cared about asserting their position within a hierarchy; it didn’t matter if it was Patricians or slaves— it was a human thing. Nevertheless, in the fight to establish their rank they forgot that those they were elbowing and crushing were people too. Ehren never seemed to forget that, and it was his best skill so far because it came from a pure place.
This knowledge was one more thing to add to the list, making Janus love the man Ehren had become; greater than the fantasy his mind had concocted about the youngling he had spared, amid fire and blood, such a long time ago. 
The trail took them west of the route Janus would have used to escape with Ehren, moving away from Nocera and closer to Stabia. They stopped and made camp by a small brook to water the horses and strategize. He sent the trackers forth to scout. They were at the base of the highest of the Milk Mountains where the capture wouldn’t be that complicated if they got close enough to ambush Scando. Once they started the ascent, it could all go to Orcus really quick.
The trackers came back when the moon was high in the middle of the sky. “We found them. They made camp south of here. Only two men on guard duty.”
Janus nodded. “Excellent job. I only need Scando alive, but if he wants to die here, I won’t complain about it.”

20. VIRTUE

JULY
They brought Scando in chains.
The sun rose slowly, caring little about the affairs of men.
Ehren knew it was Scando because Janus was with the party bringing him. If not, he wouldn’t have recognized his former master. All the craziness had come to the surface as he thrashed and raged, bloodied and disfigured. Not a trace of the slick merchant remained; he was all base creature, growling and screaming obscenities mixed with Ehren’s former names and threats of property and death.
Two soldiers dragged him by the armpits through the Forum as vendors started to organize their goods and common folk waited in line for the public offices to start their duties. The weight of House Vettii wasn’t light in Pompeii; the Magistrates were already in place to proceed with a trial even if the time was hours away from their regular schedules.
Janus had sent a messenger ahead to alert of their arrival to the city so the family could wait at the Forum. Pompo, Thalia, Ehren, and their retinue had been waiting at the steps of Apollos’s Temple, and now stared in shock as Scando was hauled toward the courts. 
Ehren wanted to believe Pompo wasn’t a part of the intrigue, and the man looked unafraid and curious as any normal person would. His gut told him Pompo wasn’t implicated. Janus kept his reservations, explaining that perhaps Pompo was the one who made the contact between Scando and the Syrian mercenaries.
“He and his men fought like feral beasts,” Janus said as he reached their group. He walked beside Ehren, sweaty and with a lot of blood on him. “I have to admit, I’ve never thought Scando would be such a swordsman.”
“Always full of surprises that jackal,” Pompo said lightly.
“I think I heard somewhere he used to be a gladiator before coming to Pompeii,” Thalia said behind her translucent veil.
“What?” asked Pompo. “Why didn’t you mention that before?”
“When have we ever talked about Scando long enough to bring that information up?” Thalia arched a blond eyebrow. “And I just remember it,” she huffed.
“All right. All right.” Pompo put his hands up in surrender.
Ehren shook his head at the couple, then turned to Janus. “Are you hurt?”
“Nothing some unwatered wine cannot fix.” Janus winked.
“I don’t think the Magistrates are going to be happy with your appearance, cousin,” Thalia said, green eyes flashing playfully behind her veil. 
“Oh, I’m not going to antagonize them with my filth. I’ll stay right by the door, fusing with the background. Ehren is the affronted party in this situation.” Janus smiled at Thalia and turned to Pompo. “I just need someone to fetch me a strong drink.”
Pompo nodded to one of his slaves, and the man jogged away in pursuit of Janus’s wine. “Well, let’s go in before we miss something.” Pompo guided the group toward the Courts building.
Janus grabbed Ehren’s arm to keep him lagging behind the others. “Keep yourself in a position to tackle Pompo if he tries to escape. I’ll be blocking the doors. I don’t trust him.”
“You need to stop. He’s not part of this.” Ehren wasn’t going to argue with Janus there, but he had to state his mind.
“We’ll see. Just be prepared,” Janus growled.
Ehren gave a silent nod and moved forward to join the others close to the Magistrates’ podium and sit until he was summoned. He saw city guards bring Parrot and the gladiatrix from Capua, both chained and freshly beaten. He felt no pity for any of them, and that was sad. He always wanted to see the best in every person, but those two had no qualms about fucking somebody else’s life to gain what they wanted. Parrot had aimed to become Scando’s favorite, perhaps his lover. The gladiatrix had made a deal to own Tiger. Helix, Scando’s scribe, didn’t have a clue of her final intentions for Tiger. 
Scando hadn’t been any better. He would have preferred to see Ehren dead rather than happy with another. At least it came from Love, sickly dark— but still Love. 
Did that make it right? 
Ehren didn’t know. He would do anything to be beside Janus; he would kill with no remorse if that was needed. Still, Janus was his as much as he was Janus’s; that was the true difference. If Janus didn’t want him, Ehren wouldn’t take a life to force his presence— he would worship from afar, resigned, steady, grateful.
The Magistrates called Parrot first. Ehren was impervious to the boy but mesmerized by his stoic demeanor as he related his role in the story. Ready to die, he told every little detail without regret or emotion. True to his whore name, he was just a creature repeating things that happened around him, as if he hadn’t been part of them at all.
The gladiatrix was next after Parrot confirmed her as the contracted killer. She was a tall, broad female, beautiful in a cruel, destructive way. Her golden hair only reached her shoulders in very masculine fashion. Still, everything in her screamed woman, from the curve of her hips to the grace of her bosom. Yes, she was beaten up, but Ehren had seen enough cuts, wound, and bruises in his lifetime to recognize what was hidden beneath them.
Her name was Tura. She described her pact with Scando. Tiger was to be hers three months after she dealt with Lion. Since she was a freed slave (fighting now just for the coin), she would take him far from Capua and use him to produce offspring. 
The Magistrates asked why Tiger; she unabashedly told them she had seen him fight at the Arena many times and how perfect he would be to give her beautiful, strong children.
Ehren shook his head at her words. Tiger had been flattered by Tura’s desire but not enthusiastic about the slave part. When Scando’s scribe, Helix, told them her payment was Tiger’s contract, the “larges” of The Zoo went into all kinds of speculation but the offspring outcome.
Scando’s turn came, and he wasn’t screaming and fighting his chains, but he still looked demented, otherworldly, lost. He gave the account of his sins, swinging his head from side to side, eyes wild, mouth drooling. 
Something must have happened during his capture to make him finally snap, but Ehren would need to wait until Janus could give him details of the arrest. Scando had always been a restrained, calculating, cold bastard. This deranged persona was alien to Ehren even if the shadow of madness had always lurked in those dark eyes. 
Occasionally, the guards drugged violent prisoners, and the present slow, looney behavior could be the result. Although, as Ehren heard Scando’s schemes, any compassion, he might have felt before the words came out, slowly waned until nothing was left. 
Pompo’s name was never mentioned. Ehren wanted Janus beside him so he could say “I told you,” adding a well-aimed elbow to match.
After Scando’s confessions, the Magistrates conferred for a long while in an adjacent room. They came out, summoning Ehren to stand up. 
“Equus of Pompeii, do you wish to seek reparation from Scando Severus?” the Head Magistrate asked.
“Appreciated Magistrates, my birth name is Ehren of Renke, and I wish to be addressed as such.” They nodded in agreement. “Yes. I think reparation is my right.”
“Very well, Ehren of Renke. This council recognizes your right to reparation, and Scando Severus’s properties will be turned over to you as soon as the city deducts the fines for abuse of the community resources.”
Pompo chuckled beside Ehren. They both knew Ehren might end up with nothing but a little bag of coins after Pompeii confiscated everything she wanted for this trial, the Games to execute Ehren, the manhunt to find Scando, etc. However, it wasn’t about the money; Ehren didn’t care for it.
Ehren was allowed to sit again.
The guards brought Scando, Tura, and Parrot back to the room.
The Head Magistrate looked at the trio gravely. “Scando Severus, for crimes committed against men and community your sentence is…”

 “It’s up to you guys.” Ehren looked at the men of The Zoo, gauging their reactions to the news. The stared at each other silently, perplexed. “Rhino, you’re a free man now. So, if you want it, it’s yours.”
“Damnation, no!” Rhino shook his head, pretending fear. He sat at the head of the long table, where they used to have their meals, to Ehren’s right. “I wouldn’t know the first thing about managing a brothel.” 
“Yeah. I don’t see any of us with the business head necessary to deal with an establishment like this,” Elephant added from the other end of the table. Cat sat to his left, and he put his meaty hand on the cub’s shoulder and squeezed, winking. “The men on this table only know one kind of head!” The whole table guffawed.
“You could always have an administrator to oversee the day-to-day management,” Janus observed.
“That might seem like a good idea, Centurion,” Fox made a face, wedged between Ox and Tiger, “but what’s the point if you don’t understand whatever information that administrator gives you? He could totally fuck you over and you wouldn’t know.”
The table agreed.
“All I want is for you to have a decent backup,” Ehren said. “Most of you have been my family for a while, and even the ‘smalls’ are part of my life.”
“We owe you an immense debt,” Squirrel stated, next to Cat. “Not only did you give us freedom, but before that you taught us to read and write. That alone could take us far.” At Squirrel’s left, Ox patted his head affectionately, as if saying “well said.”
“Good thing Parrot is not here. That greedy snitch would have taken The Zoo without blinking,” Lamb growled beside Ehren. Dormouse, seated on his other side, patted his hand soothingly.
“I’m sure Horse, I mean Ehren, wouldn’t offer it to that stinky birdie,” Ox commented, his tone amused. “What is that you called him, Centurion? A vulture hatchling? I like that!”
Janus nodded.
“He would have had the option to have it if he had been one of us. He never was.” Ehren shook his head.
“Every traitor gets his comeuppance,” Janus hissed. 
Ehren studied the man he loved. Janus had saved Parrot from execution, only to give him a worse destiny. He had been sold to the captain of a merchant ship. Janus had promised Parrot he would make him suffer for what he did; life at sea would not be easy on the little shit. 
Tiger put a hand over his wide, fiery-haired chest. “I’m gonna miss you so much, you whores.” He even managed to sniff, while his eyes twinkled playfully.
Rhino smacked Tiger in the back of the head. “You’re such an asshole.” But he was laughing.
Cat spoke for the first time since they sat at the table. “This is goodbye then.” He glanced at each one with a sad face. “We’re going our separate ways.”
Elephant dragged Cat to his chest with his burly arm and ruffled the cub’s black hair. “It doesn’t have to be. It’s the end of The Zoo not of our friendships.”
Murmurs of agreement from the others followed Elephant’s words.
It was a solemn moment, and Ehren didn’t have a clue of what to say to lift his friends’ spirits.
“You know what would make us feel better?” Tiger asked. When every eye was on him, he said triumphantly, “Go to the Arena and watch that two-timing, son of a jackal bitch Scando die.”
Most faces brightened; seemed like the death of their common enemy could erase the sadness of this closing.
Ehren turned to Janus. “Do we have to go?”
Janus took Ehren’s hand and kissed his knuckles, there— in front of the others, without hesitation. “From now on, you only need to do whatever makes you happy.”

21. XENIUM

JULY
“I didn’t expect him to be able to fight like that,” Lamb said three days after their last meeting at The Zoo. He sat beside Dormouse as they recounted Scando’s execution.
The weather was mild for this time of the year, so they enjoyed the soft breeze and the fragrant flowers in the main courtyard of Pompo’s villa.
“Yeah, we never saw him train with the ‘larges,’ but Tura was better than him. I’m not sure if he was truly keeping her at bay or if she was playing with him,” Dormouse added animatedly. “She finished him with a thrust in his flank and then slashed his throat. The crowd went crazy!” He simulated the gladiatrix’s movements and then the people’s enthusiasm.
“What happened with Tura then?” Janus asked. Ehren hadn’t wanted to see the executions, but Janus was eager for details. He would have been happy to finish them with his own hands. True, now he was a lover first, but he was still a Roman soldier deep inside; soldiers had to see their enemies through. 
“Archers came to deal with her.” Lamb took a pastry from a nearby plate. “They were four and she took two down before they could kill her.” He took a bite and closed his eyes, humming in delight.
Janus caught the way Dormouse stared at Lamb’s satisfied face. He knew that expression very well.
Dormouse shook his head minutely, stepping out of whatever fantasy his mind was concocting. “She was feral. I’ve seen gladiatrix fight before, but she was inhuman. I almost pity the Arena for losing such a great fighter.”
“Greed is a bad counselor,” Ehren said cryptically.
“She only wanted pretty babies,” Janus joked. “In her head, killing Lion at The Zoo was no different than doing it in the Arena.”
“Tiger is a very handsome man,” Lamb commented. Dormouse elbowed him. “Ouch! What?” Lamb rubbed his side.
“Most people don’t like when the person they’re into, praises the beauty of another.” Janus tried his best not to laugh but failed miserably.
Dormouse very tanned cheeks darkened a little, same as Lamb’s. Luckily, they hadn’t been part of The Zoo long enough to lose those adorable little quirks, and they were surfacing again. 
Ehren squinted at Janus, one eyebrow arched and his mouth in a thin line. Then, he said, an almost shrug in his tone, “Well, Tiger is very nice-looking, and that red hair… By Jove, it’s like fire.” His eyebrow hiked a bit more. “If you elbow me, you’d better run for your sword.”
Janus put his hands up in surrender. “If you think the man is pretty, we should consider him blessed by Apollo.”
Ehren nodded, masked in fake seriousness, accepting Janus’s capitulation. Their eyes lingered on each other, their surroundings slowly fading.
“Ahem,” Dormouse interrupted them. Ehren and Janus moved their attention back to their guests. “We didn’t come only for the pastries or to give you execution details.” He took Lamb’s hand and both went to their knees. “We have a boon to ask.”
The Patrician in Janus didn’t mind the action, but he noticed Ehren’s discomfort. Still, Ehren let the boys speak. He seemed to understand this was important for them, and it was their wish to do it in such fashion. “Proceed, child,” Janus said.
“We want to go with you. Follow you. Learn from you. Become good men like you.” With Dormouse last words, he took Janus’s hand, and Lamb took Ehren’s. They intoned together. “If you accept us, we pledge our lives, our honor to you.” They kissed the backs of the hands they held. They kept their eyes lowered, but Janus could see they shone with restrained tears.
Ehren patted Lamb’s cheek, then ruffled his hair. “Of course, you two can come with us. You didn’t have to be so formal.”
Janus tsked. “It was the right way to do it.” He took Dormouse’s chin and made the kid look him in the eye. “Where we go, nobody knows you or what you were. If your words are truthful and your honor has weight, you two would be our sons. As long as you two behave and listen, we will be good to you, and you’ll be our heirs.”
“Yes, sir,” Lamb and Dormouse said together— voices trembling and tears running.
“I just got me a son, and I’m going to be a granduncle already!” Pompo boomed behind them.
All four turned to look at a beaming Pompo. “I don’t understand,” Lamb said.
“Pompo adopted me two days ago. I’m an official member of the Vettii family now,” Ehren explained.
Part of Janus wanted to hold onto the idea of Pompo implicated in the things that happened against Ehren, but after he offered to adopt him, Janus didn’t see a reason to keep his secret animosity. Perhaps Pompo did it out of guilt— yet, it didn’t matter anymore. 
“If you’re to become part of the family, you don’t need to go back to The Zoo, unless you have something precious that you need to retrieve.” Pompo opened his arms grandly, inviting Lamb and Dormouse to come to him. 
Both waited for Ehren and Janus’s permission to move.
Smart boys.
Janus and Ehren nodded. The younglings went to their feet and walked to Pompo’s embrace. Pompo shook them happily as they circled him. 
“So what are your real names?” Pompo asked.
Janus palmed his head. True. He was so used to calling them Lamb and Dormouse— he had forgotten those weren’t their birth names.
The boys exchanged glances as if secretly communicating. “They will give us the names we take from today,” Dormouse said, looking at Ehren and Janus.
Pompo chuckled. “Etruscan names, please. They’re going to be Vettii after all.”
“Then you choose. I don’t know any of those.” Ehren winked at Janus.
Janus stood up and went to the boys. “Who’s the oldest?”
“I am,” Lamb answered.
Janus put his hand over Lamb’s head. “Cacus.” He put his other hand over Dormouse. “Artiles.”
“Nice,” Pompo approved. He looked at Ehren and explained, “It’s an old myth about a lyre player and a scribe. The musician was the oldest of the two.”
Ehren came to the group. “Welcome to the family, Cacus and Artiles.” He put his hands on their shoulders. “Now, let’s go say farewell to our friends leaving Pompeii.”
Ox, Cat, and Fox had decided to go south to Africa Nova, back to Ox’s motherland. Tiger, Elephant, and Squirrel would go west to Hispania; and Rhino would try to allure Fortuna in the soon to be completed Colosseum of Rome.
 
“Big day, today. Huh?”
Ehren stretched beside Janus, muscles rippling in the lazy morning light. “Our last day in Pompeii,” he said softly.
They were in Ehren’s old room at The Zoo. The whorehouse was deserted. Its slaves had been freed since Ehren refused to own other people’s lives. Now, most of those former slaves would follow them in their adventure out of loyalty and wisdom, knowing they would have fair treatment, a secure roof over their heads, and good food for their mouths. 
“Did you sleep better now that you know why Pompo did what he did?”
His cousin was an asshole. The rage upon Janus’s confession had been a ruse to force him to find his own path. Perhaps, Pompo knew him too well and anticipated Janus’s rebellion against a positive counsel after a couple of days.
“Being in your arms helps a lot too,” Janus murmured softly, easily forgiving his cousin’s well-intended treachery.
“Still many hours until we sail,” Ehren commented pensively, his voice a delicious purr. “What should we do to fill the time?” he kissed Janus’s nose.
“I have a couple of positions— I mean, ideas we could try.” Janus chuckled.
“Mmmm.” Ehren grabbed the base of Janus’s stiff cock and pumped it.
“Your idea is good too,” Janus hissed, swallowing hard, goosebumps erupting about his body.
The previous days had been so hectic with preparations; they had always been exhausted by the time they could hit the bed. Today was a different story, and their bodies were eager to be drained thanks to a more enjoyable reason.
Storm gray eyes narrowed mischievously. “I always have good ideas.” Ehren slid downward until he was at eye level with the object of his manual attentions.
“I. Absolutely. Agree.” The three words came out broken because in that moment Ehren decided to give Janus’s frenulum a lick, then pulled the foreskin upward to cover the glans and playfully nibbled the ends. Janus squirmed in delight, sometimes forgetting how to breathe. 
By the time Janus was able to find a way to connect his thoughts to articulate more words, Ehren was on all fours over him, wrapping Janus’s cock in liquid fire. Ehren’s own cock dangled heavily over Janus’s face, its swing hypnotizing, inviting Janus to reciprocate. 
Accepting the invitation, Janus first lapped on balls, hairless and full of seed. Next, he maneuvered the thick shaft until the tip was ready to breach his lips. And their separate forms became ouroboros, the infinity serpent devouring its tail till the end of times. Their motions matched and reverberated— in talent and in speed and in passion. Their moans and grunts muffled by the girths transporting them to secret heights.
The previously timid light moved around the room. The surging heat of the day resembled their ardor. Sweat covered them, slicking their actions, adding fragrance to their feast. Still, their celebration needed more, and Janus, panting and ablaze, found the strength to break the connection. “Fuck me, Ehren. Fuck me now.”
The answer was teeth softly dragging along his shaft, sweetly torturing his cock-head as they left his furious member. Ehren moved upward silently, bestowing kisses along his path— on dark curls above Janus’s cock, on the space between pubes and belly button, on his abs, on the center of his chest. He bit Janus’s chin and touched their lips. 
Ehren grabbed Janus’s face with both hands, his eyes dark, mostly pupils, hungry. He growled, a beast letting you know it was there before pouncing, “Yours is all I am.”
Janus groaned, and his axis shifted. His body wasn’t his— the notion of up and down destroyed. As his wits returned, he discovered himself straddling Ehren, a strong cock ready to batter his defenses, to claim him. The lump in his throat had him speechless; the beauty of the man about to conquer him was mesmerizing. Blond hair, sweaty and yet luminous, spread like the Golden Fleece of fable. Marble features, worthy of any temple, with that regal nose and that wicked mouth, made for poetry and song and bliss.
Not closing his eyes was almost impossible, but Janus resisted as the sting of sword and shield colliding flared from his hole throughout his body. Every inch inward was imprecation and benediction, war and truce, destroyer and healer. How could he not lose himself in the sacred pyre consuming his body, fed by the flames swelling from the depths of Ehren’s eyes?
Strong arms circled him, their chests uniting. Janus’s own arms wound around Ehren’s wide torso. Their faces came closer, mouths a hairsbreadth away in smiling curves. “You made me forgive my errors, accept myself,” Janus panted. That breathless confession razed the last watchtower keeping him from self-exoneration. If he was capable of loving like this, he couldn’t be the monster he always thought he was.
Ehren grinned, not breaking the rhythm of his assault for even a heartbeat. “We make each other better.” Teeth found lips, and tongues sparred, sealing their pact, as hands grabbed and pulled and kneaded, in flawless communion with the southward battle.
Hips thrust. Hips counterattacked. Pelvises gyrated. Muscles squeezed. The violent tide moved forward, racing to annihilate the coast, and, with one final strike, Ehren screamed Janus’s name. He convulsed, clawing Janus’s back, drawing blood in the most intimate of sacrifices, triggering Janus’s own explosion.
A geyser rose between their bodies, abundant and thick and perfect.
There, from the zenith, coiled around each other like hungry vines, they gazed down at the world, and it wasn’t such a bad place after all.

EPILOGUE

SEPTEMBER
The tangled black bedsheet allowed tiny golden curls to peek from round, hard cheeks.
Janus appreciated the beauty of the sleeping man. All his body hair had grown after years of hairless gladiatorial styling. Balls, legs, chest, and forearms were covered in the same wonderful, luminous fuzz, and even a beard, sunny and magnificent, graced Ehren’s face now. 
High windows filtered the surreal light of the Isles of the Dogs, and it landed over Ehren’s slightly covered body, making it a gleaming masterpiece. Unable to resist anymore, Janus moved from the chair, where he had been contemplating Ehren, and crawled over the bed. He removed the bedsheet completely, letting it fall to the floor, and kissed a lower cheek.
“Mmmm,” Ehren murmured, slowly swinging his hips, as Janus’s face swept happily over fuzz-covered hills. “I love when you do that,” he said, his voice an unused growl— a growl that stirred Janus’s passion.
Before, the hunger had been Janus still unbelieving Ehren was his, that they were here, on these islands (thanks to Pompo’s business contacts) where the existence of Rome was almost unknown. Now, all he wanted was to devour Ehren, letting Lust be his guide.
Janus buried his face between delicious cheeks, and licked the twitching, inviting hole. Ehren moaned encouragingly, lifting his lower body to give Janus better access and show his own hardness. Janus worked on two fronts, lapping and pumping when a knock on their door made them stop.
“Masters?” Tercia’s voice came cautiously through the closed door, not out of fear but respect. “Master Pompo needs a word with both of you. He says is very important.”
Both groaned. Janus gave a teasing kiss to the tip of the cock he still had in his hand. He saw goosebumps, erupting over Ehren’s ass, and chuckled.
“You evil man,” Ehren chided him, and, yet, his grin was one of complete approval.
They got dressed and went in search of Pompo. The buildings of the people inhabiting these islands were different from Roman villas. Here, groups of buildings were connected by enclosed corridors (one could call them tunnels above ground) to form a residence. Pompo and Thalia sat close to each other in the guests’ building, their faces grave with consternation.
“What’s going on?” Ehren asked, rushing to take Thalia’s hand. 
Pompo had tears staining his face. Janus had never seen his cousin cry, not even when his favorite pet died, during their younger years. His voice came out as a sad croak, “Pompeii is destroyed.”
“What?” Janus was shocked. What enemy could possibly want to destroy a city with practically no military value? Perhaps to ransom the wealthy, but they didn’t need to destroy the city for that. “Who did it? What’s the emperor doing about it?”
“Not who, what,” Thalia sobbed. She threw herself into Ehren’s arms, sniffling uncontrollably.
“I don’t understand.” Janus moved to sit by his cousin. “What happened, Pompo?”
“Vesuvius wasn’t a simple mountain. It was a volcano, and it erupted three weeks ago!” Pompo grabbed Janus by the arms, shaking him. “We didn’t know! We never knew!” 
Janus soothed Pompo with soft words until he calmed down. Thalia was inconsolable, but Ehren was doing his best. Janus went to his feet and took the terrible letter, forgotten on a nearby table. It was from one of Pompo’s associates in Stabia. The man’s family in Pompeii had been able to escape the eruption, sought refuge in his house, and told him the story. They spoke of the lack of water the previous days, of several tremors, how they thought some fires had started on the vineyards when they saw the lights and smoke coming from the mountain. But the smoke never stopped and it moved toward the city; that’s when they decided to flee, knowing something was horribly wrong. A dark cloud covered the bay for many days. The screams of the dying people could be heard in Stabia. 
Improbable due to the distance, still Janus understood the idea. It had been a distressing nightmare.
Artiles entered the room, surely alerted by the servants, with Cacus hot on his heels. “What’s the matter?” he asked. 
“Vesuvius was a volcano, and it destroyed Pompeii,” Janus said, the awful truth becoming more real and painful with each heartbeat.
Both Cacus and Artiles covered their mouths, after gasping in shock. Their eyes wide, they stared at Janus. Knowing his adopted sons very well, he nodded. They went to Pompo and Thalia. Cacus knelt beside Pompo and hugged him. Artiles embraced Thalia and Ehren. Thalia wailed and squeezed him.
Janus crossed his arms, unsure of what to do. Their beloved city wasn’t there anymore. His eyes found Ehren’s. The Pompeiian Horse mouthed, “Our family is safe.”
And that was the most important thing. Janus walked to those he loved and knelt in the middle of the two clusters, encircling them with his arms. He spoke firmly, “We’d grieve because it’s our right, but this is not the end.” He fought the lump in his throat, threatening to weaken his resolve to be strong for the others. “Our precious city and people we knew might be gone, but the Vettii family continues. The Vetti family endures.”
“And we promise to thrive,” Ehren added.
Amid sniffles and tears and sadness— Pompo, Thalia, Cacus, and Artiles said clearly, conviction shining through their tone, “We promise!”

COMMENTS
Ehren means honorable. Renke means strong judgment. Ehren’s was the clan that imparted justice and wisdom among his people. This is one of the reasons why he was fluent in Latin and acted as interpreter between his people and the Romans.

A little explanation of why “cunt-licker” is a big insult. In Ancient Roman times, the mouth was sacred. Putting genitals (either male or female) in it was a dishonorable and disgusting act; you were defiling a holy place. As we mentioned before, penetration was an act of domination (unless it was between true lovers); thus, putting your cock in another’s mouth was usually with the intention of asserting your dominion over another in the most humiliating way. Now, even if this was an act usually aimed to force submission, there was something entering somewhere. Cunnilingus, on the other hand, was technically a waste of action since women don’t have anything to penetrate a mouth. Beyond that, conception (one of the main objectives of having sex with a woman) is impossible using a man’s mouth.
We don’t need to incur in a biology class here; we’re talking about the Ancient Romans, and female genitals are usually not protruding. Therefore, calling someone a “cunt-licker” meant they were— not just nasty but also stupid for doing something with no real purpose.
Still, I could have used “cunt-sucker,” but I like the sound of “cunt-licker” better. *wink*
GLOSSARY

Tubilustrium: March 23 (also May 23). Holiday dedicated to Mars. To bring success in the coming campaigns, the war trumpets were cleaned. In the Hall of the Shoemakers a female lamb was sacrificed and Salii, the twelve youths who were leaping priests of Mars, danced through the streets.
Neptunalia: July 23. This festival celebrated Neptune as the god of irrigation. During the festival, participants would sit under arbors made from leaves. They would ask Neptune to continue supplying them with fresh water during the heat of the summer and early autumn. Salacia (one of Neptune’s female counterparts) was also worshiped during the festivity.
Emerita Augusta: Roman name for Mérida, Spain.
Rudis: A wooden sword, given to a gladiator as proof of his achieved freedom. It signified his ascent from being a slave to becoming a freeman. The memorable past battles of the gladiator were carved into the blade of the sword.
Lex Confabula: I created this law, saying you can fight along friends (or loved ones) to save their lives if you disagree with their death sentence, especially if it is a brutal physical trial. 
Retiarius: These gladiators fought with nets and tridents instead of swords and shields.
Thraex: (plural Thraeces) armed in the Thracian style with small rectangular, square, or circular shields and very short swords with a slightly curved blade, intended to maim opponents’ unprotected back. Another style of their armor included reinforced greaves.
Inches: The Roman foot was sub-divided either like the Greek pous into sixteen digiti or fingers; or into twelve unciae or inches. Frontinus writes in the first century CE (the period of this story) that the digitus was used in Campania and most parts of Italy. Thus, Janus and Ehren would have used the English word “digit,” speaking of measurement, but I used “inch” instead, to avoid confusion.
Ouroboros: The infinity serpent devouring its tail till the end of times. I couldn’t use “sixty-nine” for the sexual position because that would be LXIX in Roman numerals, losing the idea it has for us. *wink, wink*
Colosseum of Rome: The architectural masterpiece was completed in the year 80 of the Common Era. Rhino left Pompeii for Rome in July of 79 CE, when the structure had been under construction for nine years already.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Born a Sagittarius in the fabulous year of the Rooster of ’69, at the hour when his cat was about to become a complete dragon, Gabbo de la Parra landed on the Caribbean Coast of the outlandish Republic of Panama to start the adventure of life. 
Love and the Internet brought him to Middle Tennessee to embrace the American Dream and his husbandly romance. Writing has been an important part of his life since a very early age, and it’s a pleasure to share his stories with others thanks to the wonderful opportunities this land provides. His main genres are Historical and Sci-Fi, and he's been combining both lately. Still, he dabbles in all genres that embrace hot guys and their search for Love in the most descriptive ways possible.
Close to a manmade lake and in a townhouse (crowded with the spirits of his novels’ characters), Gabbo cherishes Life with a southern gentleman, and their pets: black esoteric kitty, Luna; street-smart Russian Blue, Bella; and white emo-twink Maltese, Chance.

I absolutely love that you took the time to read my book. 
Stop by and say Hi!
Twitter: @GabbodelaParra
Instagram: @GabbodelaParra
My blog: Manly Romance by Gabbo
OTHER BOOKS BY GABBO DE LA PARRA
Please visit your favorite eBook retailer to discover more of my stories.

Bridegroom from Heaven (Spaniards # 1)
The Stallion & the Dragon (Spaniards # 2)
Connection
Prince of Atlantis
Nashville Dreams
Immaterial
Darkest Before Dawn (The Masked Man Serenade)
How I Lost It On Planet X
Tarnished Toys
Nor Sub Nor Dom
The Road from Maryville
Wand-Losing & Other Things You Shouldn't Be Doing
Cenotaph
Meridian
Another Dawn on Planet X
Nightjar
Schadenfreude
Clockwork Vendetta
