The Quiet One
Anni Gossmann
Copyright 2013 by Anni Gossmann
Smashwords Edition
Anne was enjoying the beauty of the gardens: the hollyhocks, the foxgloves, the roses, and many other colorful plants in peace from the solitude of a bench.
“Why hello!” broke into her quiet world.
She looked around and saw a young man coming towards her following the path from the house. “Hello,” was all she could reply.
“It looks as if you needed some company.”
With a deep sigh and saddened gaze, Anne replied, “Why did you think that?”
“Alone in the garden with nothing to do, of course you need company!” Erwin was so sure of himself that Anne could only shake her head in sadness.
“Actually I was enjoying the garden in peace and quiet; the beauty of all of the flowers in bloom, the gorgeous blue summer sky, and the birds flitting around from flower to flower and their young begging and pleading in the area to be fed. And then, there are all of the insects: bees, bugs, spiders, and such that so fill the garden with an unimaginable amount of life.”
“Bugs! You are watching bugs? Miss Anne, you definitely need some company if you are starting to watch insects!” Erwin sat down next to Anne upon the bench but not as she expected: he sat down much closer than etiquette allowed making her a bit uncomfortable.
“Erwin, please let me be out here in silence and in peace.”
“No. Why should I?” Anne felt what seemed like his arm going around her waist. With that motion, she quickly stood up. He swiftly followed suit, but immediately grabbed her arm. “Anne, you know you are my betrothed—“
“Really? Why is it that I don’t know about this?”
With a mischievous gleam Erwin stated, “Our parents had decided upon this years ago. So, you might as well get used to my proximity.” Erwin smirked and with that, Anne yanked her arm out of his hold and ran up to her room.  Erwin quickly followed but, upon seeing Anne disappear into her room, he just took his time. 
However, Erwin had forgotten that Anne’s room had a door that exited to the balcony. She had an escape route. She stealthily strode to the stables and had her horse readied. Anne needed to find some quiet and comfort with her friends in nature. With her riding escort, Fred, they rode off. Fred was used to her quiet and her desire to be alone as much as possible, so he usually rode quite a few strides behind her. Anne rode around aimlessly for a while and then suddenly increased her speed. She found something! There seemed to be a path, not much ridden, just barely discernable, but a path none-the-less. With the uncertainty of what could be on this path and where it led, Fred narrowed the distance from his charge and carefully and alertly followed Miss Anne. They rode a few minutes through a little forest which slowly opened to a clearing. Anne abruptly stopped. The scene was breathtaking, at least for her. This was the right spot, and with Fred’s help she dismounted and took in all the sights on foot. Knowing Miss Anne, Fred moved to the side and leaned upon a tree to let her have her solitude. Being Miss Anne’s escort was an easy task, at least in comparison to the stories Fred heard from other servants. Anne was not demanding, short-tempered, cruel, nor unkind.
As the two were enjoying the peacefulness, a rider was heard approaching. Fred was immediately attentive. The rider was cantering but, as he was getting closer and noticed persons ahead, slowed to a jog.
“Good afternoon, miss.”
At first Anne was angered but turned around to look at a very amiable face. “Good afternoon.” The man grinned slightly but looked at her with a bit of curiosity.
“What brings you here to this remote spot?” He asked while dismounting.
“The quiet,” she replied. Anne turned from the stranger to gaze upon the meadow that was one of the parts of the scenery that forced her to stop.
“Hmmm, yes, I see. Well, then, I shall not disturb you anymore. Have a good day.” He sent her a nod, remounted, and jogged away. Anne gazed after the visitor thinking: Now that was an understanding man! He comprehended what it meant to have tranquility. Learning that not all men were inconsiderate eased her spirit. Anne started listening more intently to the birds around her and tried to mimic some. After a few tries, some of the less complex songs were almost identical to the true bird songs and with this new “intruder” some species came closer to inspect the situation. Seeing these birds flit about her in relative close proximity made Anne gleam. Somewhere in the background she heard another song which seemed quite unusual. Having always taken time to listen and watch, it did not seem too bizarre to be a bird call. Anne tried to mimic it. But the song, being a few phrases of different whistles, was not as easy as the others she just repeated. Soon the song stopped and she could not hear it well enough in her “mind’s ear” to practice anymore.
Coming back to reality, Anne noticed that Fred was starting to inch towards her which usually meant that it was time to head back. Anne was not against the idea; she was starting to get hungry. With alert eyes, so that she could easily find her favorite spot again, the pair rode back home.
Erwin’s horse was not in the stables anymore, so he must have decided that he was wasting his time. Glad that the awful man was gone, Anne asked their butler where her parents were. Her mother was arranging flowers in the library and her father was busy in the study. She entered the library with some trepidation.
“Mother, Erwin….” She did not quite know how to start.
Her mother glanced up and saw the unease in her daughter’s eyes. “What is it my dear, what about Erwin?” She moved to a settee and patted the closest cushion, begging Anne to sit next to her. Knowing that her daughter was not the type to exaggerate, Lady Vinrey was becoming unnerved. “Well, dear?”
“I was out in the garden,” her mother just nodded and grinned, Anne always was in the garden if possible, “when Erwin rudely came upon me….”
Anne usually did not leave sentences hanging and when her mother reviewed what Anne said, “What do you mean rudely?”
“First he sat extremely close to me and then harshly grabbed my arm. I believe…he may have—“
“Phillip!  Phillip!” Lady Vinrey shouted. Anne winced at the loud shriek.
Not much later a wide set and warmhearted man entered the room. “You called me dear?”
“Good afternoon, Father.”  He came and kissed Anne’s hand lovingly, “it always is when you are around!” 
He gleamed into Anne’s eyes. “So, dear, why did you call?”
Lady Vinrey got up agitatedly. Anne’s father instantly knew it was not just the usual little havoc creating cry of “Phillip” that he has often heard. “Erwin might not be the type of fellow we hoped he would become.” Anne’s mother exclaimed.
“Erwin?” He looked at Anne questioningly. She could only nod with trepidation which quickly changed to confusion.
“Father, did you have some arrangement for me and Erwin?”
“Yes, we made it when you were an infant. What has he done?” Between Anne and her mother, Lord Vinrey heard what had occurred, but with more details. “Hmph, well, I think despite our hopes of a good match for both parties, he has just destroyed it!”
“What was the gain with our union?” Anne inquired. With the sound of the arrangement being called off, she felt much calmer.
“You know that we have neighboring lands along the west. The Buttwells wish to extend their annual race, which our land would have done. And for you, you would have married into a wealthy family—“
“But I don’t need a wealthier family than we are!”
Her head received a little pat, “We know that now. But at that time, we didn’t know what exactly your needs were, nor what type of fellow Erwin would end up being. So, I see I must go and have a discussion with the Buttwells this evening.” Just then they were called for supper.
During supper, the discussion continued with the new problem of finding a decent husband for Anne. From their single and very short visit to London, all knew now that anyone who came from that type of lifestyle would not suit. As they entered the outskirts of London, Anne had noticed the horrible din of the noisy city. As they came closer, the dirtiness and the constant bustle was more than Anne could stand. She pleaded right away that they distance themselves from the crazy city as quickly as they could. But, her parents hoped, as most parents do, that their daughter be accepted in London. Little did they realize how the capital’s environs impacted the quiet natured Anne. She would try to hide in the quietest spot in the apartment they let to keep the noise and madness out. And, when the family was able to get her out, Anne acted like a caged animal: haggard, perpetually moving fearful eyes, not moving from any spot she was pushed to, and not speaking at all.  Needless to say, instead of meeting people, everyone avoided her. 
The unanimous conclusion now became that the fellow will have to be from the country and one who wished a quiet undemanding wife. But, it was also agreed that it should be someone who Anne would like, so another arrangement would only come from Anne. Her parents would not force anyone upon her. This discussion somewhat depressed Anne because she knew she would have to wed soon. But, she had not found anyone whom she desired; although, the man who visited the Perfect Spot might be considered.
During dessert, the topic finally changed and the poor dog, Theodore, finally stopped panting under the table. “Anne, I think Teddy’s getting a little too old for you already,” declared Lady Vinrey.
“I know. He hasn’t been able to keep pace with me when I stroll the grounds anymore….”
“So, maybe it’s time for you to find another dog.”
“But I don’t want to hurt Teddy’s feelings!” With this statement, Anne’s feet went out in search of the poor pet under the table and when he was found, she started stroking him with her feet.
“My dear, I think Teddy would probably be happy that he doesn’t have to stay at your side as much as possible. I really think you need to look for another dog.” Anne finally agreed with her mother and chose to start with the endeavor the next day.
After breakfast the following day, with the company of Fred, Anne started upon her search. Instead of having Fred ride some distance behind her, they were discussing possible places which might have dogs and what type of dog to look for and so on. The morning had turned into afternoon with no luck. None of the places that had dogs had any that would fill Teddy’s shoes. Anne desired a very loyal dog which would follow her around on her jaunts. It should never leave her side except when she went riding for a long distance.  
Anne needed to rejuvenate, so went to her Perfect Spot by the clearing. The setting had not changed at all and the sky was still its lovely shade of blue. The birds even seemed to remember her whistling back and came to investigate again. The unusual whistle that stopped just before she had a chance to mimic the whole song had started up again. What she found quite unusual was that the song was not heard on her family’s estate. She had learned about three-fourths of it when it stopped again. The other infuriating thing about the song was that it did not seem to get closer unlike so many of the other bird songs. Maybe it was because she could not quite mimic the whole melody, so she was not considered an intruder yet. Anne had just moved her interests to the meadow when someone was heard approaching. This time, the person was on foot.
“Good day, my dear miss!”
“Hello again!” It was the amiable man from yesterday.
“I see you seem to like this location.”
“It has received the title of being my ‘Perfect Spot’.”  
He looked stupefied. “Why so?” He came closer and, with an arm outstretched upon a tree, watched her intently.
“Look!” Anne came alive with eyes sparkling and a gleam radiating from her. She stretched her arm toward the meadow. “The meadow, full of color and life. The birds flitting in and out with young screaming for food. The bees, and many other drab and colorful insects, coming to the flowers and plants. Then, the forest surrounding the gorgeous clearing. As if that wasn’t beautiful enough, this little murmuring brook, here at our feet, lures the birds and insects to drink…the sound as soothing as the spring sunshine after a long harsh winter. But, that isn’t all. When the sun is out, as she is now, the multi-colored reflections off the water are absolutely mesmerizing. With the sky so azure, you might think you were gazing upon an unbelievable, almost unreal, painting. Then, you see a little cloud, lazily finding its way across just to prove to you that it isn’t just a figment of the imagination. That’s what this spot is.” Anne gazed sheepishly up at him. He was openly staring at her. Her voice dropped to almost a whisper, “I see that I have spoken too much—“
“On the contrary!” He finally looked about. “I just never thought of it quite in such a way. I have often gone past this scene. But now, I will never gaze upon it the same ever again.”
Anne was heartbroken. “I am terribly sorry.”
He jerked his head back. “Apologizing? What for? For opening my eyes? I am grateful that someone took the time and revealed to me what I never was able to see before. To think, that for years I just gazed upon this scene and never saw any of what you see.”
“Oh.” The stranger did not understand her reaction. He positioned himself before her, blocking her view to the meadow, gazing at her confused. “This was your Spot before I came, wasn’t it.” 
He grinned and shook his head. “No. I never had a ‘spot’. I must have known that there was something about this place but never really perceived it. No, this is yours and I will leave it to you…but, wouldn’t you like to see it in a little more comfort?” He motioned around at the trees, roots, bare ground, grass, and wildflowers.  
“What do you mean?”
“Wouldn’t it be more comfortable if you had some gazebo or—“
“No! No! It would ruin it all! No!” She was absolutely horrified and threw her hands in dread to her face covering her mouth. The stranger had never seen such a genuinely distraught face before.
“Alright,” he chuckled, “maybe not something as big as a gazebo. Maybe a nice bench?” She glanced at him wondering, seeing a nice brown eyebrow raised inquiringly. “What type of bench do you think would fit here, since I’m sure I wouldn’t have the right notion.”
Anne grinned and nodded in agreement. Taking a few paces toward the brook and then slowly turning around with a critical look, she finally answered. “It would have to be quite rustic. It can’t be anything fancy nor embellished. To really fit here,” her arms went out to embrace the area, “it must fit in so well that you would think it was a part of the forest. Do you understand?”
“Yes, I believe I do.” He was glancing at her that she was being affected in a strange way.
“But, you can’t just put a bench here. You would first have to get permission of the landowner.” He couldn’t believe it. He was thinking:  She is such a romantic and naturalist and yet there us a realist in her too. Could it be possible that no man wants this charming young lady? He was going to have to learn much more about her. She was looking at him with expectation. No other woman ever wanted so little from him and instilled the need to learn about her.
He finally pulled himself together. “There are ways and I shouldn’t have any problem at all. It’s up to you.”
“Oh, no. There’s really no need for it. You only asked for my opinion for the type of bench for here. But you need not go out of your way to put one here.” She saw Fred inching closer again. “Well, it was nice to meet you again, but Fred here is telling me that we need to go.”
The stranger took her hand graciously and kissed it lightly as if it might shatter, sending shivers up her arm.  “Until next time.” He threw her lightly upon her mount and watched them ride off. As soon as they were out of sight, he raced back a few yards upon the path and grabbed his horse. He was going to find out where she lived and who she was! Leaving enough distance between the pair and himself, he found out where they went. Now he would have to learn who lived on that estate. After riding a few strides back, he saw an older man leading a very old horse pulling a cart. Calling out to him and giving him a guinea, he determined that she was Miss Anne Vinrey. Well, he will have to put out enquiries without creating any talk. But, at the moment other things needed his attention, like a bench.
He galloped home and started upon the endeavor immediately. Being so used to making fancy handiwork for his lordship, Viscount Hufton’s own forester did not understand the simplicity of the object. Continuing with his quest, he found a good woodworker in the small town not far from his estate. He took great pains not to go for the best because they would not understand the simplicity of the project. Yet, even with this man, Hufton had a hard time getting him to understand the utter rustic style of the bench desired. But, after being taken to the spot, the artisan saw why the bench had to be as described. He immediately went to work with the promise that it should be done tomorrow, because there was not much work involved in making it. Pleased with the possible outcome of the bench, Viscount Avery Hufton now went to work learning about Miss Anne.

<>

Having had no luck with the search for a new dog, the next day Anne decided to search over a larger area. So, she and Fred rode to various towns within the vicinity asking young lads who might know about dogs and they asked at inns. Again, by late afternoon no progress was made in her search. She was starting to wonder if maybe it was unwise to think of getting another dog until Teddy was dead. Was she to enjoy and appreciate Teddy to the very end?
As she entered her loving home she was greeted excitedly by her mother. “Dear, oh the news is so great! The Earl is to have a ball in a week! We must decide upon dresses now!”
Anne was thrilled for her mother, but had something nagging her all day. “I’m sorry Mother to have to bring this up, but what was the outcome between Father and the Buttwells?”
“Oh, Lord Buttwell was appalled and scolded Erwin in front of your father!” Anne shuddered and thought: Will there to be any repercussions? “Your father was embarrassed; it didn’t have to be so openly done! Needless to say, he is worried what Erwin might do, having been so sadly treated by his own father.” Lady Vinrey shook her head and was quite worried about her daughter.
Not wishing to cause her parent more worry, Anne quickly changed the subject back to the ball. Her mother was instantly animated and they were immediately deciding upon the style of their gowns. No matter what Lady Vinrey said, Anne was steadfast with her very plain style. Lady Vinrey often wondered if Anne really was her daughter: Where did she go wrong? Anne was so quiet, reserved, and simple. How could there be such a big difference between her and her only child? Lord Vinrey must have a stronger influence upon the girl than she thought. The bulky man mostly kept to himself but at least, when needed, he could be alive and talkative. Anne did have his soft gray eyes and soft hay hair, but, thank goodness, she did not receive his wide set build nor his flat nose. That some-what pointy nose that gave the plain face some character was at least something visible that her mother gladly bestowed upon her daughter.
So, by the time bedtime arrived, the ladies had chosen their gowns and had already sent their wishes to the dressmaker. The message they received back stated that the gowns would be ready just in time for the ball! Lady Vinrey was up in the boughs at the fear of the dresses possibly not being ready in time. At such instances, Anne was glad to have the garden to disappear into, just like her father drifted to the study to avoid his wife.
Anne was not so sure what to think about the ball. Especially since the Earl was hosting it. There would be so many people, she thought, and pushing. Loud talking from the people trying to hear each other over the others. Heat. Probably no one to talk to and just more people! So, the next morning she was not in the best of moods and was now even more determined to find a dog. Now, she was thinking of maybe not being quite so restrictive. Her loyal Teddy just this morning fell down the stairs trying to amble his slow way down them. He was going to have to be kept downstairs, which probably was better for him. But, Anne would miss him in her bedroom. Who will be on the bed? What will she pet when she gets up in the morning? Who can she talk to as she lies in bed before falling asleep? She had to find a dog!
Shortly after dinner, Fred and Anne were already in Fredericks still searching when from behind they heard: “What brings you here?”
The friendly voice caused Anne to gleam with happiness. “Well, we are desperately looking for a dog.”
“You lost your dog?” He looked saddened as he led his horse next to hers
“No, looking for another to replace Teddy, my very dear loyal dog.” She became sad and almost tearful.
“Oh, I’m terribly sorry about your loss. My very gravest condolences….”
“Teddy hasn’t died yet, but he did fall down the stairs this morning….” She certainly was on the verge of tears but worked hard to hold them back.
“Not severely hurt, I hope!” Anne only shook her head. “That’s something to be thankful about.” They rode a little further in silence; he was giving her time to compose herself. When it seemed that Miss Anne was back to her usual self, “So what type of dog are you looking for, if I may ask?”
“A very loyal dog, just like Teddy. One who won’t leave my side.”
“No particular breed?” She only grinned and shook her head. “Full grown or a puppy?”
“I don’t know. Which do you think would be best in this situation?”
“From the little I know about you, I don’t think you want a lap dog.” She laughed at the craziness of a lap dog. “I didn’t think so, but I gather nothing large like a sheepdog.” She agreed. He stopped his horse, Anne and Fred doing like-wise. “I believe I heard about a place where they have puppies to sell.” Anne looked apprehensive. “That might be the best idea, because being so young they can get really attached.” He quickly gazed reminiscently telling Anne that he owned dogs. But, he quickly went into action turning them around to head to the estate.
Upon arriving, the Viscount asked the stable boy where the puppies were being kept. The boy quickly led them to a corner of the stables where a litter of 6 young, very active, little puppies were in a basket. Anne was not sure if a puppy would be the right thing. Seeing the uncertainty in her face, Avery picked up one of the squiggly pups and put it into her hands. She glanced at the little handful and then looked at Avery wondering.
“What is going through that head of yours?”
“How do I take care of something this young and small?” He laughed. Other ladies would never think of the care for a dog; they just let the servants deal with it. Anne certainly was different!
“I would recommend asking your servants. I’m sure they had to deal with such situations before—“
“Good day!” Anne and Avery spun around to see a lady behind them looking like the lady of the estate. “I’m Lady Willer. I hear you are here to buy a puppy.” She glanced at the two. She was sure she knew the young man but the young miss was not anyone she could recall.
“I’m not quite sure, yet.”
Lady Willer realized that Avery was an aristocrat and not poor either. The fine cut of his well tailored suit and the large gem in his cravat certainly told her all she needed to know! Glancing shrewdly at the pair she instantly noticed that the young miss seemed to have caught the eye of the young man and she could get a good price for a puppy! “Take your time! You can hold every one of them if you wish. We were thinking of selling all of them.” She left the stables but kept close enough so that she could overhear what the occupants were discussing.
As Avery bent down to the basket, “Well, do you want me to give you each one—“ 
“Oh no. There’s no need.” Once Avery returned the one she held back to the basket, Anne glanced at the whole litter again. After much deliberation, she finally stated that the one with the white patch on his back seemed to be different from the rest of the bunch. That seemed to make it more endearing to her. For some reason, that did not surprise Avery at all.
Hearing correctly that a choice was made, Lady Willer quickly entered the stables. “So, any decisions yet?” Anne nodded. Lady Willer worked hard to keep a big grin hidden inside. “They cost ten guineas each—“
“What?” Anne could not believe the price: ten guineas for a puppy? These were not even pure bred! “I can’t pay that much for a puppy!” She placed the little tyke back into the basket.
“I can buy it for you,” was Avery’s quick reply.
Anne held his arm, keeping him from going to grab the little active pup. At that moment, he so desired to take Anne’s hand and kiss it warmly. “No. There is no need for you to buy it. I’m looking for a dog, not you. I will just continue looking. Lady Willer, do you know any places where dogs or puppies are available?”
Lady Willer could not believe it. The gentleman was not buying the puppy for her. Maybe she was some relation of his. Anne certainly was not expecting him to buy her a little token. Realizing that she was not getting any money, Lady Willer decided that getting some money is better than none. “That…that was a little much. Two…pounds.”
“That is much better, but—“
“Anne, I could really buy it for you.” Avery was quite incessant. He knew how much a pet can mean and understanding Anne’s temperament, a pet is taken close to her heart.
“No. There is no reason why you should pay a shilling for anything for me. Lady Willer, I must ask my father if two pounds will be acceptable. If so, I shall return, probably tomorrow, to take him. Oh, what is it a he or a she?” Avery inspected the animal and pronounced it a male. “Good, then he can really fill Teddy’s shoes.” She turned morose again so Avery quickly whisked her out. Just before mounting their horses, Anne quickly asked if the puppy could be put aside until tomorrow. If she did not return to get it by tomorrow, then they could rejoin it with the rest. Lady Willer agreed and wondered about the relationship between the two.
As they mounted the discussion still continued. “Anne, there is no need for you to leave him here. You could take him home now.”
“But I don’t know if 2 pounds is what father is willing to pay for a puppy!”
“Anne, you are quite stubborn you know!” He sent a hand through his brown hair bringing his bangs further down his forehead, which in the sunlight showed hints of blond streaks making him look quite young and dashing. Anne had to quickly breathe to hide a sigh of appreciation. “I shall escort you home—“
“There is no need. Why don’t you just go about your business—“
“Are you trying to get rid of me?” He was hurt.
“Oh dear. No, not at all. It’s just that Fred here will escort me. I don’t need two men to escort me. That would be a waste of time. By the way, you seem to have learned my name, what is yours?”
He grinned, happily answering her with Avery, but the grin was short lived because Anne was incessant about refusing his escort. He responded with a comment about her being stubborn again, and with a hand wave left the two to find their way home.
The ride home was the usual ride: Fred riding a bit behind, leaving Anne to her thoughts. As they rode back, she was wondering what name to give the puppy and how to get him to her favorite spot. Eventually her thoughts went to the uncertain topic of the cost of the dog. She could have let Avery buy the puppy for her, but they were good friends with apparently many shared thoughts and feelings. She did not want to ruin that.
When they arrived at the estate, a stable boy warned Anne that Erwin was here. She thanked him gratefully for the warning and carefully went in search for her father. As she neared the study she heard raised voices: her father was discussing something with Erwin. Sure it had something to do with her disapproval of the eldest Buttwell, Anne instead headed back to the stables. With Fred in tow, she went to her Perfect Spot. It did not take her long to realize a change. The animals all seemed to move about more hurriedly and not seem to realize that she was there. A few birds were only a few inches from her as they flew around. Anne looked about but did not see a hawk nor a fox nor any other type of predator. What was going on that they all acted so peculiarly? As she glanced around, the sun was starting to be enveloped with clouds but she did not think anything about it. With the sun gone, it had gotten a little cooler so that Anne soon was shivering and beckoned Fred to her to return home. Just as he was about to help her mount Anne gasped. Fred quickly scanned the area but did not see anyone or anything out of the ordinary.
“Miss Anne?”
“Look!” She pointed towards the west edge of the meadow where an almost indiscernible bench stood. She quickly walked over and stood in amazement. It was absolutely perfect. The legs were tree trunks but cut so extremely low to the ground that it really looked like they had grown there. The seat was again a part of a tree but so that the four sides were bark. The seat was painstakingly smoothed so that when she ran her hand across it, she did not have to worry about getting any splinters. She could not believe it! It was only a few days ago that they discussed the bench. How could he get it done so quickly? Fred motioned that they hurry home: the skies had turned vicious looking.
This time, Erwin was not there, so Anne was able to go to the garden and think about the happenings of the day. She was quite positive that she would be able to get the puppy and now was trying to determine what to call it. Trusty, that seemed to be a good name. She was about to start wondering why the bird with the particular song seemed to only be at her Spot when she felt a few drops. She quickly ran in, to miss the sudden torrent that came from the heavens. Soon later, thunder was heard in the distance and Anne went to find her father, who with some consideration stated that a pound is all he would pay for a puppy. Anne was not sure if Lady Willer would accept that price, but decided to try tomorrow. All that could happen is that she would come back empty handed.
The next day the rain just continued, so Anne could not go for the puppy. She hoped that under the circumstances Lady Willer would not sell Trusty. With the weather the way it was, Anne spent the day reading and doing needlepoint. Lady Vinrey was busy writing letters to acquaintances in order to determine what everyone was wearing for the ball and passing on gossip. Lord Vinrey kept himself to the study, as usual.
The following day, the rain finally left mid-morning and the mist stopped around noon, so that Anne was able to go for her puppy after dinner. Lady Willer did not have any requests for any of the puppies in the meantime, so Trusty was still available. But, hearing only a pound was approved was not taken kindly by Lady Willer. After some discussion and realizing that Viscount Hufton was not coming nor knew that Anne was here, the pound was accepted as a price. Anne was exceedingly overjoyed so that the somewhat stiff Lady Vinrey even grinned and was happy to place the squirming puppy into Anne’s hands. In despair, Anne realized that she had no way of taking the puppy home with her. Lady Willer found a towel in which they could wrap the little thing and it was then transported in Fred’s lap. Since the Vinrey household was busy pampering the puppy upon its homecoming and relishing its youthful actions, the next few days passed quickly. Even a little basket was created which was affixed to Anne’s saddle allowing Trusty to join her at her Perfect Spot.

<>

The day of the ball had arrived, much more quickly than Anne expected. She was even taken aback when Lady Vinrey reminded her that today was the day of the ball. The days were so filled with Trusty and seeing Teddy accepting his new playful friend, who often drove the elder dog crazy. Anne had no time to build up her fear of the ball. The afternoon was mostly spent dealing with her mother’s last minute ball hysterics, but before the time came for Anne to get dressed she quickly took Fred to go to her Perfect Spot. She needed to have some calm and space before joining the throngs at the ball. Understanding Anne so well after the many years of being her escort, Fred waited until the very last minute before urging her to return to change for the ball.
Because of her simple dress, Anne was ready much earlier than her mother. She wore a royal blue dress with silver drops along the hem, shoulders covered luring the eyes up along her lovely neck, the neckline much higher than was the usual custom, a dainty silver drop on a thin short silver chain, and no other frivolous additions. Lady Vinrey, on the other hand, had lace, a low neckline, shoulders free, and multiple layers for the skirt that looked absolutely gaudy with Anne standing next to her. Lord Vinrey looked much more like his daughter’s father with his simple choice in clothes and only a small gem in the cravat. When he joined his family, as usual, he gleamed when he saw Anne. She always looked so becoming and her choices in simplicity so matched her demeanor. She did not even have any earrings, which so often detracted, nor the long necklace with the bauble hanging between the breasts. There was nothing in Anne’s demeanor nor dress to lure men. Her father used to be thankful for her simplicity but now that she was getting older and no requests for her hand, the aging man was getting quite worried.
The lane to the Earl’s estate was crowded making Anne quake inside. If it was so crowded out here with all of this space, how congested was the building? Eventually the Vinrey family found their way to the front and joined the masses up the stairs into the enormous home. If her father did not have such a strong hold of her hand, Anne would have bolted and headed back home. Instead he pulled her up the stairs to the host who graciously greeted them and kept pulling her along until they came to one of the ballrooms. It did not seem any better in the room, but there were glass doors out to a garden! There might be something for her after all. Before she could even finish the thought, a young man asked for her hand for a dance. This continued for 4 dances, when finally she found her way out of the room looking for refreshments. She needed something to drink but with the throngs could not find anything.
“Are you looking for something?”
“No, Erwin, I’m mostly being pushed around by the people.” Well, she should not have said that! With that remark, he grabbed her arm and pulled her to an empty room. Realizing the situation, Anne frantically tried to pull her arm away but with no luck.
“No, you aren’t going to try that again! My dear, why do you not like me?” He seemed crestfallen.
“Erwin, if you would have listened to me, everything would be much different.” He shook his head. He pulled her a little closer. “Erwin! I’m telling you that it is exactly such actions that showed me that you are not my acquaintance, besides dear friend!”
“But we are to be wed!”
“Not anymore!” Finally she was able to push herself away and quickly went to the door. “Erwin, you must find someone else. She will have to desire your advances or you won’t have any wife whatsoever!” She quickly went through the door and merged with the throng. How was she going to avoid Erwin? She ended up in the ballroom again and quickly was asked for a dance but stated only after she received some refreshment. A few men brought her various drinks and she was grateful since one was not enough. It was so warm with the amount of people there. She did not understand why anyone would want to dance with her or why the men were so kind to her, except Erwin, because she really had not spoken much. She did not know what to say. 
Unbeknownst to Anne, it was her quiet that enticed the men. There was no gossip, no empty chatter, and no embarrassing questions or statements exchanged. Having heard that she was so thirsty, after each dance she now was presented with various drinks. She danced three more dances and then finally was able to push her way to the garden. She had to be careful, though, she did not want to be followed or found by Erwin again. Sadly, the garden was neither empty nor beautiful as she expected. Instead, it was overrun by people who were trying to “discreetly” kiss each other or hide for other nasty doings. Now what was she going to do?
Suddenly she heard the whistle. Now? Why would the bird be here and sing now, she wondered. Anne whistled back and worked her way closer to the song. It repeated and she mimicked and moved even closer. It stopped. Now what? She looked at the bushes, at the trees, and any other possible place a bird could be but, with the dim moonlight at this end of the building, she could not see much.
“Are you looking for something?” She quickly spun around. Avery was right behind her. He looked so handsome and regal with the stark evening clothes. “Miss Anne?”
“Oh. Why are you out here? I’m sure you have many women to dance with.”
“Yes, but I needed some fresh air which seems hard to do here.” She only nodded in chagrin. “Are you enjoying yourself?” He noticed underlying unhappiness in her face.
“I just want to go home.” It sounded so childish and after stating this, Anne wished she had not.
“I’m surprised you even came.” She glanced up into his face. It was such a nice face: nice arching eyebrows, hazel, caring eyes, a mouth that seemed to tend towards a grin, and a young looking short cropped haircut. She was about to study his nose when he interrupted: “Anne?”
“I think I should return to the ballroom.” For some reason, Avery thought this to be unusual for her. The throngs and the crowded garden must be having an effect upon her. He lightly took her arm and led her into the ballroom. Hearing that a waltz was starting, he gently nudged her onto the dance floor and pulled her towards him for the dance. She was getting a headache from the constant noise, her stomach was complaining from the tense nerves and still not having eaten anything, and she really just wanted to go home. Avery really tried hard to improve her mood but the evening was just too much. He truly wanted to dance with her, but the situation was beyond hope. So, Viscount Hufton just stopped and, after receiving descriptions of her parents, started upon the search. He placed her upon a couch that was a little away from the main corridor, sent some food in her direction, and continued with the search. After finally getting some food, she felt a little better but her head was exasperatingly hurting and she was enormously depressed. It was starting to feel like London again. With this extra thought she realized she probably would never find anyone to wed because only through balls and similar outings could she meet eligible men. What was she going to do? There was no hope for a young lady who detested balls and loved open, empty human-less places. Anne was about to cry when Avery came back.
“Anne!” She had started to pull out a kerchief and he knew what that meant. He was around enough crying women in his life to recognize that. He pulled her up and held her close. “I’m taking you home, my dear.  You’ve had much more than you can take.” 
Hufton carefully eased their way to the front door. They would be the first to leave the undeniably well attended ball. The Earl deduced correctly that they were leaving and came to bid them a good night. He at first thought that a young man was going to continue the evening with a young lady somewhere else, but upon seeing Anne’s condition realized that she was not feeling well and desperately needed to go home. 
Being considerate, Avery did not talk to her at all. Instead, he just held her close so that her head rested against his cheek. The only sound Anne heard was the sound of the carriage moaning and crunching along the road and the hoofs of the horses. Hearing the horses and the rhythm of their trot soothed her a little. By the time they arrived at her home, much of the headache had disappeared but her stomach still was not comfortable. He tenderly helped her out and told the servants that Anne needed to go to bed immediately. Seeing her condition she was flanked by a servant on both sides as she went up the stairs. After watching her disappear into her room with concern etched on his face, the Viscount told the butler that she needed quiet and not to wake her the next morning. He received an understanding grin and “We know, been through this before, sir.”
Hearing that, the Viscount felt more at ease since the household seemed to know how to deal with her tender temperament. Before entering his carriage he took a long glance at the Vinrey home hoping that Anne would be able to sleep in her condition. Although the evening was very young, instead of going back to the ball Hufton just went home. There was nothing to lure him back to the ball. Avery had thought of hosting a ball in the near future and showing her his beautiful home. But after tonight’s tragic end, he knew she would avoid coming if she had a chance. He would have to think of some other way to invite the family. Before he had a chance to do so, he had drifted asleep. Never was he so drained from a ball.

<<>>

The servants were extremely kind as they helped Anne go to bed: not a word was spoken and everything was done as quietly as was humanly possible. She finally was in bed and was wondering if she would be able to sleep with the gut-wrenching effects of the evening when the door was slowly pushed open but there was no one there. This puzzled Anne but in her condition, she was not able to determine the cause. Soon later the interloper announced himself: Trusty was whining because he could not jump up onto the bed yet, he was still too small. Anne quickly reacted and helped the little guy onto the bed. His tail was wagging so quickly that she could hardly follow the tip of the tail. Her headache was gone with a few ear scratches and under the chin rubs. Her stomach had untwisted itself and she was feeling satisfactory except for just the emotional exhaustion as could be expected from the day. Anne would have discussed the evening with Trusty, but was too drained and instead just fell asleep with the little beagle, terrier mix sleeping right next to her shoulder.
The next morning, she awoke around ten, but did not feel like dealing with the day yet. Trusty, jumping off the bed by the lure of breakfast, woke her and his leaving her saddened her, but she understood. Hopefully he would be back as soon as he was done. Being the pet Anne had hoped,Trusty soon returned and with some help was on her bed again. She proceeded to discuss the evening and almost cried again at the thought of probably never finding a husband. Feeling her emotions, Trusty came closer and nudged her hand for some scratching. She was glad that her mother talked her into getting another dog. Teddy just could not be with her when she needed him the most. Around noon her mother asked if she was planning on getting up any time soon. Anne was about to respond when her mother explained: “You have two letters here: one from the Earl and another one.” She knew the one from the Earl was just to make sure she felt better but who else would write her? She begged Lady Vinrey to send up the letters and she would be down presently for breakfast.
The one from the Earl was opened first and was as expected but Anne glanced at the writing from the stranger. It was a very smooth, even script and very legible. She turned the letter around to look at the seal. It was set in lovely blue and a seal she recognized but could not place. With shaking hands, she broke the seal and read:

Dearest Anne,
I really wish the evening would have concluded differently.  I hope your headache has subsided and that the quiet, as you dearly needed, was obtainable. (She paused, not believing what she was reading.)  I had looked forward to dancing the waltz with you, since I believe music would be as dear to you as the song of birds, but under the circumstances I will just wait until the next time. I haven’t yet decided upon the date yet, but I wish to invite your family to a little gathering I plan on hosting. It will be an extremely small handful of guests, so the volume should be low. My gardens should not have anyone in them letting you enjoy them in solitude.
You humble servant,
Viscount Avery Hufton

It couldn’t be! She glanced it over again in disbelief. Avery, a Viscount! It just was not possible. In the distance she heard her name and quickly reacted and went down for breakfast.
As Anne entered the room, Lady Vinrey stated, “We heard that you had come home early: not feeling well.”
“It was like in London.”
“I told you that I was sure it was nothing unusual.” Lady Vinrey gave her husband a smoldering look. “You were escorted home safely, I pray.”
“Yes, it was the Viscount who brought me home.”
Lady Vinrey was astounded. “The Viscount? The Viscount….” She was busily trying to see if she could get the pair together more. When finally she brought her thoughts back to the present, “What did the men write?”
“They just sent their regrets.” Lady Vinrey hoped that maybe more was written but her hopes were extremely short lived.
That afternoon Lady Vinrey tried to coax her husband to invite the Viscount so that the younger generation might be together more. He refused to meddle and force them together. If there was something blossoming, the two would have to work on it themselves. At such times Lady Vinrey wondered how she could have married such a man!
Anne, in shock, just took a stroll through the grounds with Trusty on her heels to occasionally be picked up and hugged or to have something pointed out to him. She was thinking of going to her Perfect Spot, but was not sure if she really wanted to see Avery today. What would she say to him? Had anything changed? Unbeknownst to her, the Viscount was waiting for her but in vain today. He was sure she would come, and with her absence, he started to worry. Via servant’s channels, he learned that she was up and in the garden or on the Vinrey grounds. She needed to relax and rejuvenate, he thought.
The next afternoon, Anne was about to go visit her Spot when her mother stopped her all excited and bubbling with joy. “Anne, such good news! The Blands are to have a ball in about a week!” Anne looked petrified but was thinking it was only the countryside. The ball should not be such a squeeze by London standards because the Earl was not hosting it. “And, they invited the Earl—“ Anne stopped listening.
“NO! Oh, God, no!” She ran to the garden with her mother frantically calling her back. Pausing a moment in the garden but feeling as if the world was caving in on her, she ran on to the stables in tears asking for her horse. Seeing Anne’s condition, Fred immediately knew the destination and quickly scooped up Trusty and put him in his little basket on the saddle. Hopefully she would find some comfort there. They raced there as quickly as her horse could canter with Fred right next to her; sure that she was not capable of controlling her mount today if anything unforeseen would happen. Upon arriving, Anne immediately went to the bench and just cried. Fred wished he could somehow help Miss Anne, but did not know how other than sitting next to her. Trusty was in her lap trying to get her to scratch him.
A rider was coming down the path, which Fred was not aware of, being preoccupied with Miss Anne. As the rider was about to pass them, he stopped his horse abruptly. He quickly dismounted and ran over to the bench. At first he was infuriated, but upon seeing Anne crying and Fred trying to console her, Hufton became saddened instead. Perceiving that it was the Viscount, Fred immediately left the bench. Feeling the motion, Anne glanced up to look into worried hazel eyes. He affectionately pulled her up into his arms, after kindly displacing Trusty. “Anne, what’s the matter?” She did not respond; she was relaxing in the comfort and safety of his arms. Her teardrops slowly found their way onto his shoulder, but he did not mind. He was about to ask her again, when she finally responded with: “The Blands’ ball.”
He moaned. “Why don’t you just decline?”
“My mother….”  She started sobbing; forcing her body to go into convulsions and Trusty started whining.
Blast! He would have to think of something to save her from another evening of hell. As he furiously was thinking of ways to help his love, he tenderly stroked her hair and held her tightly.
She slowly stopped shaking and her crying was more controllable. “My world is falling down around me.”
“Has your father consented in going?” She did not know. “Does he have any influence over your mother?” He could see from her face: not much. “Do you have any influence over your father?” She nodded. “But that probably won’t do much good if—“
“When it has to do with me, he can sometimes be severely stubborn.” He saw a glimmer of hope finding its way from behind the tear-reddened eyes. Avery sent Anne back home after discussing how she might go about her persuasion with a promise that if it did not work, he would himself come and talk to Lord Vinrey. Anne was grateful and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. She was embarrassed for doing it and he was touched. Avery so desired to pull her into his arms again and kiss her properly. He was much too well mannered. He helped her upon her horse and gave her a heart-filled kiss upon her hand, neither wanted to move, but Fred had started off and she had to follow.
Anne stealthily worked her way to the study where her father always was. Hardly waiting for a response she entered hoping he would listen to her and help her like he always tried to do. Seeing her glowing nose and reddened eyes, he quickly ran to her side and demanded to know what transpired. She explained the little she knew about the upcoming ball and quickly explained about the Earl’s ball. Upon hearing Lady Vinrey’s desire to go to the ball, he quickly belted: “Audrey!” With this sudden loud noise, Trusty started barking, forcing Lord Vinrey to laugh, apologize to the dog, and take him into his lap to pet him.
Never having been called for by her husband like this before, Lady Vinrey arrived timidly. “Audrey, we will not go to any balls, especially if the Earl is invited.” He saw a challenge coming. “We may go, but Anne will stay here.” She was debating the situation.
“But how will she find a husband? Staying at home will keep her from meeting any—“
“We will just have to host little soirees or only go to small gatherings. Large assemblages are not to be considered anymore for Anne. You may make any type of excuse for her as you wish.” With that, he closed the subject and winked at Anne. Why did she not come to him directly instead of panicking? She quickly gave her dear father a grateful kiss upon the cheek forcing him to displace the puppy and hug her quickly and kiss her kindly back. She saw in his eyes how much she really meant to him.
Lady Vinrey most certainly desired going to the ball, so Anne would have to be excused. Lady Vinrey would not miss any invitation; she needed to mingle and hear the gossip. How Anne could not like it, she just could not fathom. Anne was kind enough to lend her ear to her mother’s ramblings about getting ready for the ball and tried to show mutual excitement but, with the Earl’s ball still clear in her mind, her grins were empty and her eyes a little dismal. Yet, when Lady Vinrey changed to the topic of hosting soirees, Anne quickly was alert. Would she really keep it small or invite the whole countryside? They should have one before the ball and Lady Vinrey now was deep in thought about the invitations. Anne held her breath.
“We must keep it small.” Anne grinned and nodded back. “We most certainly need to invite our closest neighbors at first.” She was busy thinking about names and who should be considered in this list. Anne gave her mother her undivided attention and already had some paper and a pen to start the list. “Yes, I think I know. If we go by most important, the Viscount would top the list.” Anne almost gasped. After hearing this name, she was not really paying too much attention and just went through the motions for making the list. Surprisingly, there were only 6 families being invited. She took the list to her father for approval, who at the first name looked up at his daughter.
“The Viscount, eh?” Anne tried hard not to blush but her father noticed anyway. “I thought there might be something there. Speak child!” Anne gave a general explanation, which was based on her Perfect Spot and ended by asking how he gathered they knew each other. “When you came to breakfast you seemed a bit more thoughtful and yet you had this grin.” She blushed again. “And when you responded that the letters were only condolences, I thought I saw something in your eyes saying more than that. Dearest Anne, you can’t hide much from me. Now the question only is: if the fellow has any feelings for you.” From her eyes he could see that she thought so, but he knew that often the feeling was far from mutual. He dearly hoped she was right. So, the list was approved and he wondered if in three days they could have the honor of hosting this little gathering. Lady Vinrey was overcome with the chore of the preparations but Anne and Lord Vinrey knew that the lady of the house lived for just such occasions. Since Anne was the cause for such a gathering, she helped her mother as much as possible. Anne was in charge of writing the invitations and left one for last so that she could properly address it.

Dear Viscount Hufton,
It seems that my family will be inviting you to a little soiree before you will have a chance. I hope you will accept this invitation for a tender gathering of only a few families on Wednesday. At the moment, I do not know if my mother has any desire to invite musicians, so your wish for a waltz may have to wait until a later time. I am eternally grateful for your advice, which has worked as you might have gathered with this invitation.
With sincerest thanks,
Miss Anne Vinrey

Anne was absolutely shaking when she finally laid the pen aside and dried the ink. She quickly handed the letters to a servant to be sent immediately and went in search of her mother to aide her in any way possible. Anne needed to keep busy to not think of the Viscount. With a few well-placed hints, Lady Vinrey did decide to have a few musicians and now was feverishly finding someone available for Wednesday. With all of the preparations, Wednesday quickly arrived and Anne did not even have a chance to go to her Perfect Spot: the garden and paths on their estate was all the time she had. She was getting irked that the whistling song of the one particular bird just did not seem to exist on their estate. She would have to spend more time at her Spot and start searching for the bird. It must be an exceptionally beautiful and shy bird.
Wednesday had arrived. All the preparations were taken care of; some little details in terms of the decorations were still being placed or fixed. After a quick glance, Lady Vinrey deemed the afternoon would be a success. After dinner, the musicians arrived and placed themselves in the ballroom and the Vinreys went to get ready. Anne was getting nervous. They never had invited anyone who really mattered to her before. How was he with other people around? Were 6 families still too much? What could she talk about, now that it was a smaller gathering? She almost wished it was already over. The guests were arriving and she was happy that Avery was not the first. The Plands arrived first with their three children, then the Fitzgeralds with their youngest son only, the Ambers arrived with their daughter and her family, the Walls came next being the eldest couple having grandchildren already at marriageable age. The Breuts arrived with apologies for coming late and with flowers, and last but certainly far from least, Viscount Hufton arrived. He also arrived with flowers for being extremely sociably late and two bottles of wine. As he handed the wine to Lord Vinrey, he quickly and quietly stated that the flowers were mainly for Anne. They were not like flowers people usually came with because they came from her meadow with some insects included! She gleamed at him and quickly put them in a vase in the main hall. At first some small talk ensued which did not include Anne, which was usual, and then individuals moved around to have more meaningful conversations. Edmund Fitzgerald aimed towards Anne who was sitting towards the back of the parlor, hands clasped together in her lap, just quietly listening. He tried to start some conversation, but Anne did not say much because she really did not know what to say. From previous conversations at other social gatherings, the topics she discussed did not seem to interest much of anyone. Actually, thinking back, the only people not put out by her conversations were Avery and her father. So, not getting very far and only getting monosyllables in return, Edmund decided to join some of the others. Anne was alone again. When it seemed like everyone was deep in conversation, she walked out into the main hall to inspect the flowers from Avery. She smelled their sweet aroma being careful not to get too close to the blossoms with insects on them. Then, she closely inspected the bugs. They were so much easier to study than most other animals because they were so small and, except for those that flew, did not travel very much, at least not for mankind’s size.
“Anne, shouldn’t you be in there?”
“Yes, Father, I should.”
“Are they from that special spot you were telling me about?” She nodded with a grin lighting up her face. “You could at least talk to him.” She nodded sheepishly. As was his custom with his shy daughter, he gently took her arm and led her into the room. The Viscount was energetically arguing with Edmund about horses and everyone else had someone to talk to. Anne did not want to just disrupt the conversation nor just stand at the edge listening in. The latter was the most embarrassing. So, she went out into the garden. There Anne was the most comfortable. She sat down upon one of the benches and wished she was a little more social. So many people talked about absolute nonsense, did not care if their listener cared about the topic, or just passed around gossip which mostly was false. Why could she not be more like them?
Soon later, she heard the call for partners for cards and that some of the young girls were asked to play the piano. Anne decided to try again, entering the room to join the guests. She quickly was asked to partner Julie Amber and gladly accepted. Being occupied now, supper quickly arrived. As people moved toward the dining room, Avery came to her side making her heart leap.
“Is this better?” She glanced back confused. “A smaller group of people.”
“A little.”
“I noticed that you left a few times at the beginning. I hope you won’t leave when the dancing begins.” He squeezed her hand.
Supper was noisy for the amount of people in the narrow room and Anne had to work hard to hear the conversations right next to her. Avery noticed that she was squinting which he thought was a sign that her head was starting to bother her. She really was squinting from concentration but her ears were starting to throb inside. The clanking of the dinnerware was the most painful sound in the room. She was wondering how loud the musicians were in the ballroom. Since you could hear them in the background despite the noise, Anne knew that meant the music was loud. How could she dance with such thunderous music which inevitably would give her a headache? She did like to dance. Supper just seemed to be endless and she was starting to feel her head by the time it finally was over. Even the Viscount’s superb wine did not help her head. Because of all of the commotion around her, Anne responded less and less to conversations until she was totally out of them by the time dessert arrived.
Realizing the increasing pain in her face and the diminishing responses, the Viscount noticed that even a little soiree was not right for Anne. He started looking around and then realized that it mainly was the room that increased the volume. He would have to keep that in mind for his soiree. As soon as it was possible to leave the table, Avery quickly ushered her into the garden for some quiet. He did not say a word. Instead, he just sat next to her holding her hands wishing that her head would improve soon. Just as he realized that she was regaining some normalcy the musicians started up again for the dances. From the volume that ensued through the doors, he immediately knew that Anne would not survive dancing in the ballroom. From this distance it was starting to bother her. It was quite light out yet, so with a quick glance around, the Viscount found an ideal place. 
With a gentle pull, Avery got Anne up to her feet and led her out the garden onto the green beyond. The music was muffled but still loud enough to dance to it. When Anne realized what he was up to, she almost cried in joy. He quickly kissed both hands and then swept her into a waltz. Soon they were not alone. Trusty had apparently somehow found a way to get out of the stables and was determined to find his mistress. There were a few screams and yells in the ballroom, which the couple outside did not even notice. Not finding his quarry, Trusty started to yowl. Recognizing that sound, Anne quickly stated: “Trusty!” Avery moaned with the disruption and quickly strode toward the ballroom. But, someone decided to throw the dog out to the gardens where he at first yowled but then catching her scent, started finding his way to Anne. Upon feeling a dog brush past him, Avery quickly turned and grabbed the puppy.
“Is this the fellow that made such a loud ruckus?” For his little size, he certainly could make his sound carry! He placed the dog next to Anne and continued with the dance. At first Trusty created problems because he wanted to be between them, but soon realized that just sitting close to them was sufficient. “Doesn’t like to leave your side, does he?” She laughed and moved closer to her partner. With a voice noticeably out of breath and emotional: “I don’t plan to either.”
In the increasing darkness Anne had a hard time seeing his face. “You don’t plan to do what either?”
“Leave your side.” She gasped. “What’s the matter?”
“You mean that?” She stopped allowing Trusty to quickly come closer and whine for some attention.  
Avery picked up the hand-full, scratching the dog behind the ears in hopes of getting him to quiet down. “Why shouldn’t I?”
“But you are a Viscount…and I’m…I’m just a very shy, reserved, not very social young lady….” She hung her head.
The dog was placed back on the ground with a pat on the rump. “Anne, that all doesn’t matter—“
With despair clearly showing on her face, “But you need to host balls, soirees, and—“ He covered her mouth with his index finger.
“Anne, dearest, we will just have to adjust. Find the right number of people, the right rooms so that it isn’t so loud,” he felt that she wished to say something, “we will learn together.”
He maneuvered his hand so that their hands were clasped together. She had to take a deep breath to slow her heart a little. “But being a host, I would be expected to talk to all of the guests!” He heard her panic.
“You are expected to do the same tonight too, you know.” Her whole body drooped in despair.
“Anne?” Her mother was looking for her.
“Coming.” Lady Vinrey was standing in the middle of the garden looking apprehensively for Anne.
“What were you doing out in the dark?”
“I was dancing—“
“Dancing? Out there?  Anne?” Lady Vinrey did not like the sound of something in that.
“Ma’am, I had realized that the music was much too loud for her and even here in the garden it was still bothersome to her ears, so we—“
“Went out into the dark!”
Before she could create any fearful scenes, the Viscount quickly cut Lady Vinrey off.  “At the time, it was still light. We needed to go out onto the green because we needed room to dance. Trusty found us quite quickly as soon as someone let him out of the ballroom.” Anne’s mother still did not like the sound of any of that.
“If you wish to dance anymore this evening Anne, you will do it in the house. There are plenty of rooms in which you can dance.” With that, she took her daughter into the house. Anne quickly apologetically glanced back to the Viscount to which he only grinned back understandingly. If he were the father of any child in this situation, he would ask the man out! He understood Lady Vinrey’s reaction.
Anne was hardly in the room when she quickly went out into the main hall searching for a room with a less deafening sound. She ended up in the parlor. When the door was only partially open, the music was muffled enough for Anne to actually be able to enjoy it instead of cringing. Having such melodious music surrounding her, she had to move the chairs and tables and settees to the walls to give herself some room to sway to the music. It was unbelievable that Avery knew what type of hold music had upon her. The country-dance was over and during the pause Anne went to get a few bites of food and a glass to drink. She had just finished her little refreshments when the musicians swept into a waltz. Trusty, as usual, was at her feet and she positioned herself to face the sitting dog, who was wiggling with the excitement of the day. Anne graciously curtsied to her “partner” and proceeded to waltz with her little puppy who she took into her arms after the introduction. After a turn, she was looking into a sweet grinning face.
“My dear, you do look a sight! Let the poor pup be back on the floor where he ought to be.” Helping her with her little charge, he immediately took its place and swept his daughter around the room. “Did your mother stop you dancing before?” Anne grinned sheepishly into his all-seeing soft eyes. She nodded and put her head down to rest upon his shoulder. “It seems like this little soiree is quite a bit better for you than the ball was. But still, you aren’t mingling with the guests!” If only she knew how. “You have received too many of my bad traits.”
“Father! You don’t need to blame yourself. I just don’t have the courage.”
“Courage! My dear! You have the courage to not be like the rest of the brainless, dimwitted, gossip-filled, gaudy women or young ladies that England is full of! I’d much rather have you like you are than you changing into any of them!” The waltz was over and with a quick kiss upon her cheek, “I must return to the guests. I believe there is one person out there who probably misses you, but I am sure in due time he shall find you in here. He does seem to know how to protect your tender ears, doesn’t he?” He slipped out of the room and Anne sat down on one of the settees that she pushed to the wall. Was there really a chance? Could it really be possible that a Viscount could be interested in her? Quiet, reserved, shy, fearful, socially inept Anne? She went to extinguish some of the candles so that she could see the woods along the drive to the house. The music had started again but the lively dance was not befitting her mood at the moment, so she hummed the previous waltz to herself instead. What if she was only a quick interlude between ladies for the Viscount? When he returned back to London, how quickly will he forget her? Trusty found his way back to the room and with an astute nose, quickly found his way to her lap.
“Oh dearest Trusty. We might just end up being company for each other longer than either of us would probably like, if you understood my situation.” Not wanting to think more depressing thoughts, she just tried to not think of anything and just amiably scratched her puppy around the ears.
“In the dark?” She jumped making Trusty yelp. An arm quickly came out to steady her. “Oh gad, I must apologize!” He helped her back to the seat and started lighting some candles again. “I was going past not too long ago when I saw you dancing with your father. Would you like to dance?” She looked skeptical. “I mean here.” She agreed. Edmund Fitzgerald did not speak much nor seemed to expect her to say much either. Noticing the change from the start of the evening to now, forced Anne to ask him. “Not one to beat around the bush, are you.” He chuckled. “Before we went to supper, I asked Avery if he knew anyone here and he could only talk about you.” He was going to continue but Anne’s nod and grin showed that she understood. She was sure that Edmund would quickly excuse himself after the dance, but he hardly released her hand to only continue with the start of the next dance. Realizing that he could be an understanding friend, she looked him over a little more scrutinizing. He was not quite as handsome as Avery but he did have his own lure. Edmund acted a bit regally but it was not overdone, it just came from being self-assured. Just like Avery, his choice in clothes was elegant but not flamboyant. His brown eyes were more intense but, from the little she was with him, she thought she saw a little tenderness lurking in the back. Unlike the straight hair that Avery had, his jet black hair was short and curly. In less capable hands, his hair would have been compared to a mop. Anne wondered how well he would fair with a wife and in the future. He certainly would get what he wished. “So?” Anne gave a start. “What results have you come to?” Anne blushed down to the roots of her hair. He laughed brotherly. “I hope nothing bad!” She summarized what she saw. “You learned all that in just 2 dances?” He was absolutely amazed. “I am happy to say, there is much more that you haven’t uncovered yet.”
“That’s good. I hope no one is quite so shallow that there isn’t more to see or learn in only a good half hour!”
“Miss Anne, you don’t know much about people if that is what you believe!”
“That is so sad. From what I hear London has such people, but I was hoping that was only vicious gossip.” Edmund sadly shook his head. The dance was completed, “Please, you don’t have to keep me company if you wish to be with the rest of the guests.”
“That is very gracious of you, but, Miss Anne, you will see more of me. Do you wish anything?” She declined and he left with a nod emphasizing that she will be in his company soon again. Unbelievable. What did Avery tell him that he sought her out? And, he wants to spend more time with her! This was most certainly an unusual evening! She decided to see what everyone was doing. Some were in the dining room, which was changed into a card room where the men played hazard, and others were in the ballroom. A few were just strolling around the house talking. Her mother was in the middle of a conversation with the elder ladies, the children were kept occupied with various guests who were trying to teach them the various dances, to the amusement of some parents and other onlookers. Anne was about to turn from the ballroom when she heard a welcome, “And there you are.” A country dance had just come to the last note and Avery made a pronounced nod to the musicians and led Anne to the dance floor. They were going towards the musicians and Anne was getting worried: the music will only get louder the closer they got! He positioned her before him and the violinist started. Only one violin was being lovingly played and plucked for a waltz. It could not have been more perfect and she instinctively hummed along. She did not feel anything; it was as in a dream. At first, no one else danced, people just watched, but soon the elder Vinreys joined in and then a few others. The violinist stopped much sooner than Anne had hoped but the musician had gone through a few more stanzas than were usual. Everyone remarked that the rendition of the waltz was the most beautiful thing they had heard. It was so much more moving and absorbing than if the whole group would have played it. Many congratulated Avery on the choice but little did they know that it was because of Anne. Because of the high acclaim they received, the next few pieces were played with a minimal amount of instruments allowing Anne to stay in the ballroom and letting Edmund dance with her too. After being handed off between Avery and Edmund for the next 4 dances, Anne was happy to hear that they were back to the full amount of instruments forcing her to leave.
She was excessively hungry and extremely thirsty. As she took some cold meats and pork pie, assorted fruit, cheeses, and a big glass of wine, Baroness Breut commented highly upon her dancing forcing Anne to reply: “Oh, no. In a dance, the lady is only half of the equation. The men must be good leaders and they must flow together well to form a good dance.”
“Madam Breut, you will never hear Miss Anne ever accept any form of praise.”
“Oh you silly boy!” Edmund received a congenial slap on the shoulder with the elder lady’s fan. “Did you see her upon the dance floor?”
He lit up, “Oh yes I did. Why do you think I didn’t let Avery have her all to himself?” They laughed together, but Anne quickly slipped away.
She quickly gulped down her food and disappeared out into the garden. No, she would not ever be comfortable socializing. She might as well just accept her fate. She could no more be the wife of the Viscount, if it ever came to that, than the wife of any London residing man. She would have to find out if there was any man out there who wished a quiet, isolated life like she could handle. She was so consumed by her thoughts that it took her a while to realize that Trusty was yowling for her again. By the time she was able to react, someone kindly let the poor pup out so that he could reunite with his mistress.
Hardly was Trusty in her lap, “Out here again?” He folded his tall form onto the bench next to her.
“What did you tell Edmund?”
“Nothing much.” Avery could almost feel her disbelief. “I just described a little about you and your interests.”
“You didn’t tell him to dance with me, I hope.”
“No, my dear, that he decided to do himself. You need to realize that you are beautiful and as soon as people understand you a little, they are intrigued and desire to know more about you. You just need to give people, and yourself, a little more credit.”
She was thinking of asking him if he knew any quiet men seeking an almost socially empty life, but thought against it. He realized that she was not interested in conversing anymore and thinking she was probably tired, not used to all of the socializing, he decided to bid her good-night. If she did not bid him to stay longer, he knew that it was time for the evening to end for her. Anne did not and Avery worked his way to her parents to leave. From experience, he knew if he left, the others would soon later follow in his lead. Within an hour, Anne threw herself into bed, grateful that the day had finally ended.

<>

The next morning, Anne was awoken with a shrill “Anne!” She moaned, turned around, and covered her head with a pillow in hopes of being able to fall asleep again. But, “Anne!” was even louder now than it was before. She turned back around and found her mother standing next to her bed; no wonder it was so loud just before!
“Anne, dearest, you won’t believe it!” Lady Vinrey was all aquiver with excitement and could not keep still, pacing the room excitedly. Anne just wished her mother would be quieter; her head was starting to throb from her pitch. Finally, she continued louder than even before. “The youngest Fitzgerald is asking to accompany you on a ride this afternoon!” Her arms were flailing about from the sheer amazement. “What is your response?”
“You woke me up for this?” Her head was aching again and making her feel miserable.
“Anne!” Lady Vinrey’s face showed her surprise and horror.
“Mother, dear, it could have waited until I came down for breakfast. What time is it anyway?”
“Noon.”
“Up already?”
“I had Winard call me if we received any mail this morning from our guests.” Having lost some of the excitement, Lady Vinrey’s voice returned almost to normal, slowing Anne’s avalanching headache.
“Since you went through all this trouble for me this morning, you may reply that tomorrow afternoon would be lovely—“
“Tomorrow!” She was screeching again, intensifying Anne’s headache with a fury. Anne quickly covered her ears and had a pained expression.
If only the headaches would evaporate as quickly as they were formed! “Yes, I need to spend some time in the garden today.”
“What? No! Today! No Anne, you will ride with him this afternoon!” She left slamming the door behind her. Anne could only moan and wish her mother was more like her father. 
In order to quicken the retreat of her headache, Anne asked for breakfast up in bed. This worried her father who came to investigate the situation. Upon entering, he saw her head was bothering her. In almost a whisper, “From last night?”
“This morning…Mother.” That was all he needed to hear and left her in peace to only take out his fury at the wife he deemed inconsiderate. The Vinreys hardly ever had a spat, so after the confrontation, Lady Vinrey was crying and retreated into her bedchamber for the day. Lord Vinrey at least was assured of some peace and quiet for his tender–eared daughter.
After eating, Anne quickly disappeared into their woods, to slowly amble around their estate. By the time Fred found her to bring her back to the house, her head had improved greatly but the effects of the morning will probably be with her all day. She did not want to ruin Edmund’s day and dearly wished her mother would have listened to her. There he was, elegant yet simple, patiently waiting for her in the garden.
“You haven’t waited long, I hope.”
He shrugged his shoulders. “I wouldn’t know. I was ambling through your gardens. Quite an impressive variety! So, where do you wish to go?” She went to sit down on a bench and he soon followed suite waiting tolerantly, but after a while he noticed she was not going to respond. “Miss Anne?”
“Dear Edmund, my mother, against my wishes, agreed to our ride this afternoon.” She kept her head hanging, so did not see his disgust. “I knew that I wouldn’t be good company today and wanted instead to ride tomorrow…if that is no trouble for you.” Anne finally looked up. Edmund’s demeanor changed with the explanation and he now grinned back and took her hands into his.
“Miss Anne, if only I would have known about your condition today, I would not have bothered you.” His voice became softer and quieter as he spoke. “I heard you needed quiet in such instances and I wish not to worsen your head. I would gladly have your company tomorrow.” 
He was so kind. “Are the Fitzgeralds related to the Huftons in any way?”
He cocked his head at the strange question. “Not that I know, why?”
“You just…you’re kind like Avery.” He laughed a deep and full laugh but quickly stopped as he saw her close her eyes and wrinkled forehead.
“Beg your pardon. Avery and I have been close friends from school and I noticed that he seemed to like you. If you were his friend, then you were going to be mine, too.” She was deeply touched. Maybe that was why Anne thought he would be a good friend; he was so similar to Avery in kindness. “Well, I best leave you now, if you wish, for you to recuperate.” When he was not too loud, she liked his company very much. To his surprise, she did wish him to stay but instead of riding, they just walked around on the estate. Occasionally Trusty would interrupt their conversation or divert them with his prancing about and desire for attention.
In the meantime, Avery expected to find Anne at her Spot after the rigors of the previous day but she did not arrive. He could determine what she was doing through the servant grapevine but today he wanted to see for himself. Upon his arrival, Lady Vinrey almost fainted in the disbelief that two men desired Anne’s company. But, she did pull herself together and stated that Anne was out riding with Edmund. He disagreed stating that Anne’s horse was still in the stables. Fred was called for and he greeted the Viscount warmly and replied that Anne was walking on the grounds with Mr. Fitzgerald. Well, Edmund was not going to be the only one with Anne if he could help it, so he rode out in search of the pair. Hearing a galloping horse and from the distance deducing correctly that it was Avery, Edmund thought of pulling a prank upon his old friend. When Anne heard about it, she did not like it but it did sound exciting. Edmund was about to set it into motion, when at the last minute Anne’s realistic side took control and she went out to warn Avery.
“You know, Avery, I would say this young lady was a spoil-sport.” After dismounting, and hearing this, the Viscount naturally put his arm around Anne’s waist. To her surprise, she liked it, liked it very much. She was so preoccupied, that she did not mind being called a spoil-sport. But, upon seeing this scene, Edmund knew that his old friend finally found himself a young lady. After discussing various topics, teasing poor Trusty led the three-some to some silliness and childish games.
Soon, all three were out of breath from laughing and Anne found herself lying right next to Avery who was lying on his side facing her. She had not had so much fun and excitement since she could remember and she was glowing from it. Her hair was all tousled about her with leaves and grass clinging to it. She certainly looked like she belonged to the natural world, not the crazy inhumane human world. Feeling his tender glance upon her, Anne started blushing which only heightened her beauty. With his left free hand, he started brushing the leaves from her hair but soon his hand was caressing her cheek. Anne could feel her heart in every vein.
Suddenly a brown, white, and tan body was on her, destroying the wonderful scene. Trusty wanted the fun to continue and could not get Edmund to play with him, so went to the next available body. Trusty quickly was yanked from her and Hufton proceeded to tease and play with the dog until the poor little pup was out of breath and exhausted.
“Avery, he’s only a puppy!” Anne took Trusty from his arms looking concerned into the cute brown eyes that were still dancing from all of the attention.
“Just wait, he won’t be in a few more weeks!” Edmund agreed and the three slowly worked their way back to the house with Anne in the middle, each arm linked with one of the men’s. Trusty, with the infinite energy of a puppy, was jumping around them with a long red tongue.
As they were getting to the garden, Lady Vinrey just happened to look out the window in their direction and squealed “Phillip!” Never hearing this voice used before, he quickly came to her side.
“What’s the matter, dear?”
“Look!” She could only point in the direction of the three arriving arm in arm. In shock, Lady Vinrey leaned against her husband who was gleaming. He knew something good would come out of her acquaintance with the Viscount. The three were laughing and joking and Anne had never looked as well and happy as she did now. The men, upon entering, were asked to stay for supper and they gladly accepted. After everyone was refreshed, they joined the Vinrey pair at the table. Being back in the house, Anne turned back to her proper more reserved self. It did not matter, the men knew that there was much more to Anne than anyone could ever imagine.
The next day, Anne needed to digest all that had happened the previous day and discussed most of it with her loyal Trusty. She walked through the forest and did not see it the same way anymore. The forest always was a special place for her because of all of the animals that lived in it but now it also had some human element to it. To think that the soiree would not have any consequences was direly wrong. And, the beginning with Edmund was so terrible! In joy, she hummed a waltz and poor Trusty had to play her partner. It was a sight to see.
When she entered the sitting room, her mother burst into the room from the other side. “We’ve been invited!” Anne was expecting her head to start acting up, but it did not. “The Viscount has invited us with a few dear friends to come to a soiree that he will be hosting! Anne, you must get the best dress to impress him!”
Anne shook her head in disagreement. Her mother froze. “Mother, I won’t do anything different than usual. Trying to be someone else will only result in confusion and people hurting each other. Besides, I think I have impressed him by just being me. Right, Father?”
“I would certainly agree! But, your mother is right in that you should have a nice dress for the occasion.” Since her style really never changed, Anne only needed to decide upon a color and this time a nice deep red was her choice. To make sure that the dress would be ready for the soiree, in 2 days time, Lady Vinrey went with her. In the possible chance that this event would create results for Anne, she picked a new dress for herself: one that was even more lacy and pretentious than usual.
The following day started quite uneventful. The garden was nice and peaceful and Edmund had come to visit again, so the morning passed quite rapidly. He left to prepare things for the upcoming soiree, which he gratefully was also invited to, leaving Anne to wander the woods again in solitude. She was deep in thought thinking about how her life had changed by just a few kind words about her to Edmund. He had turned into the older brother Anne never had. They discussed just about anything either was interested in and often had heated debates when their views clashed, but thank goodness, that did not happen too often.
“Good afternoon, Miss Anne.” She felt a shiver go up her spine.
“Good day, Erwin.” Trusty must have sensed her unease because he came closer and did not leave her heels, keeping an eye on the “intruder”. She had no desire to speak to Erwin and started heading towards the stables, being closer than the house.
“I see you had some nice company yesterday.” She almost froze but decided that probably showing any emotion might make the situation worse. Getting no response, he continued. “Why haven’t you responded to any of my messages?”
“I haven’t received any.” Did her mother remove them or were others told to remove them so that she would not have to deal with the ill mannered and roguish Buttwell?
“After realizing I wasn’t getting anything back from you, I assumed as much.” He took her hand which she immediately pulled away and increased her speed toward the stables. Seeing this action being taken with his mistress, Trusty started growling. “Quiet, dog!” This did not deter Trusty’s growling but it was a little quieter.
“Don’t speak to my dog in that manner!” She spoke extremely loudly, shocking Erwin. Her unusually loud voice did drift far enough so that some of the stable boys heard her and they quickly responded. Fred was immediately sent out to accompany her and to send Erwin away. When Trusty saw the good friend Fred coming towards them, he raced to him and seemed to lead Fred to the pair.
“Miss Anne, your mother is asking for you.”
“Miss Anne, I still have things to talk to you about.” Erwin tried to stay with Anne, but Fred had placed himself between them, infuriating the eldest Buttwell.
“Mr. Buttwell, they will just have to be unsaid.”
“To hell they will!”
“Sir! There are ladies in our presence! Will you please keep your manners!” Fred rarely, if ever, became enraged, but Erwin was far from being anything like Miss Anne’s two present suitors. He would rather die than see Miss Anne with this hideous man. They had come to the door and Fred pushed her in and quickly closed the door behind her, making sure that Trusty was with her. He immediately turned around and bluntly threw Buttwell off the estate.
“You haven’t seen the last of me!” He hissed at Fred as he departed.
Needless to say, after this episode, Anne needed a good amount of time in the garden. She was not going to be wandering the grounds alone for quite a while.
After spending the rest of the day almost exclusively in the garden, she needed a change of pace. The next afternoon, she decided to go to her Perfect Spot. Fred was extra watchful for any sign of the eldest Buttwell but happily did not see anything. When they arrived, he looked about for additional hoof marks or possible places that the crazy Erwin could use to conceal himself. Anne stayed on her horse understanding the extra precautions that Fred executed. Somewhat later, she was standing by the edge of the meadow, wondering how she could stop Erwin or turn his interests somewhere else; although, she did not want any young lady to have to deal with him. The foxgloves and roses were starting to wane. The end of summer had descended with the summer flowers slowly giving way to the next species. It would not be long until her garden will be covered with frost and eventually snow. She will not be able to come here either because of the cold. With this and the events of yesterday, she looked upon her natural friends with a little more admiration and emotion.
“I knew you would come here.” Fred jumped with the sudden voice that just came from nowhere. Anne spun around fearfully looking upon a face she despised. Where did Erwin come from? He just appeared behind her and he was only arm’s length away from her! Trusty quickly took a defensive stance and already started growling; he remembered this bad person from yesterday.
“What do you wish from me?” Anne was scared to hear the answer, but she needed to know what his plans were.
“I think you know.”
“If it has anything to do with the agreement, my father, as you plainly know, voided that and your father accepted it. If you wish the land for hunting and your races, you will have to discuss that with my father. But, with your actions of late, I highly doubt that he would ever consider it!” She turned from him to get closer to her horse, but a strong arm kept her at her spot. Trusty growled more fiercely.
“Shut up, you mongrel.”
“I already warned you, don’t you talk to my dog that way!”
He laughed viciously, “What do you plan on doing? I’m the one controlling the situation, not you!” He pulled her closer and Fred quickly moved between them and Trusty barked with all of his might. “Damn you dog!” Erwin twisted around and kicked Trusty so hard that he landed in the meadow whimpering. “That’ll teach you!”
In response to the horrific treatment that her dog had to endure, Anne shrieked louder than she knew she ever could. Fred pushed Erwin away from Anne with a might he did not know he possessed but was quickly thrown down by Erwin twisting his ankle on the way down. Getting the bothersome dog and Fred out of his way, Erwin pulled Anne cruelly towards him hoping to get her closer to kiss her.
He was yanked away so hard, that Anne almost was thrown against a tree trunk. In the forceful turn, Erwin flew directly into Avery’s waiting right fist making the contact even more powerful. It hurt Avery’s knuckle almost as much as Erwin’s jaw, but Avery was so full of fury that he did not even feel it. “You bastard!” Hufton pulled Buttwell up and gave him a ferocious left hook making Fred wonder if Erwin’s bones were broken by the impact. Buttwell’s head jerked so much to the side that he flew into the dirt face first. The Viscount was ready to continue when he heard a tear filled, heart-wrenching “Trusty!”
Giving Erwin a quick glance and seeing that he was not going to be moving any time soon, he ran to Anne. Poor Trusty was whimpering and he knew that the poor mongrel was intensively in pain. He was about to ride to get a doctor when Fred, limping exceedingly, stated he would get help. He was directed to go along the path and at the house to demand a doctor, one would come shortly. With a light touch, Avery inspected the brave puppy and when he came over his ribs, he whined loudly. In horror, Anne threw herself onto Avery who quickly pulled her to his chest and held her tightly. He had gone through the death of many dogs in his life, but all died either from disease or old age. Trusty was only a few months old and was such a good companion for Anne. He could not refrain from crying either. Anne had stopped crying but she was so quiet and still that Avery’s heart stopped from fear. He pushed her away to gaze with intense worry into a tear-streaked face. She was so much in shock that she did not even realize the red eyes upon her rescuer. “My dearest Anne….” He so wanted to calm her but he could not find the words and just stroked her lovely hay hair and occasionally kissed her hair or her ear. She had just become a shell of a person. It was only a few days ago that she was laughing harder than she ever did and was enjoying the company of two wonderful friends. She will never come to this spot ever again; it just possessed such horrible memories now.
The doctor finally arrived. Seeing Erwin still sprawled on the ground the doctor knew something horrible must have happened. Hufton motioned him to the spot the dog lay and verified the sad outcome that Avery had hinted at. “The poor pup probably won’t make it to sunset.” Anne leaned even more heavily on Avery. “Was kicked by the sprawled man, eh?” The doctor was only answered by a nod. “He sure had it in for the poor dog.” The older man only shook his head in pity and sadness. Seeing that the doctor was done with the prognosis, Hufton pulled Anne up and led her to her horse. He helped her mount and quickly went to talk to the doctor before he left. The physician had a little pistol with him if it was desired that they take the poor dog out of his misery. With a heavy heart but not wishing poor Trusty to anguish in pain, Avery agreed to the idea.
Fred had not returned, so the Viscount led Anne to the end of the path that opened to a large courtyard bordered by stables and under an arch the path led to the back of a large and impressive home. A small carriage was at the stairs and Hufton quickly realized it was the doctor’s. After leading Anne to the parlor, Avery quickly asked where Fred was and was led to him. Fred only had a sprained ankle but since Anne always was accompanied by him, Hufton quickly picked another man to take Fred’s duties until he healed. Despite Fred’s strong arguments against this, the Viscount was steadfast with his decision. Then, the doctor was led to Anne. She was unresponsive, but after hearing from Fred what had occurred, the doctor was far from surprised. Also knowing that Anne was very close to her pets, the doctor knew it would be quite a blow. He could only prescribe lots of quiet, attention, love, and whatever she needs to be comfortable.
“You are saying that a soiree should probably not be attended then.”
“She probably wouldn’t even think of attending in her condition.” 
Hufton only nodded his head. “So, I must call the soiree off.”
A very quiet, barely audible “no” was heard.
Avery quickly sat next to Anne and took a hand into both of his. “But dearest, it probably would be the best.”
“I need to be with those who love me: my parents, you, and Edmund.” He grinned, understanding and liking the fact that he was included in the list.
Soon later, Anne and Fred were transported back home in a carriage with their horses behind. Rarely seeing her daughter in a carriage except for balls or soirees, Lady Vinrey immediately became anxious. Again, a call for “Phillip” at the top of her lungs was rendered. Being a little more on edge than usual, the volume from her mother made Anne flinch noticeably forcing the Viscount to put a comforting arm around her waist. Not wanting Anne to relive the episode again as he and Fred told the story to her parents, Hufton ushered her to her bedchamber and told her to get some rest. He would get her for supper. She clung to him almost in desperation and he did not want to let her out of his reach either, but when he saw her asleep from exhaustion, he did manage to pull himself away to go to the worried Vinreys.
When he entered the library, he was greeted with a very warm handshake and “We are eternally grateful to you son for saving our daughter from certain….” Lord Vinrey did not even want to think of the outcome besides state it. He received an understanding nod. Pulling himself together, “When I saw how you took care of Anne so well at the soiree, I knew I could trust you and Anne seems to feel the same way.” Lord Vinrey finished with a smirk. If the Viscount understood the meaning of the smirk right, Lord Vinrey understood their friendship. Lord Vinrey might not stray far from his study, but he did have an uncanny ability to see people for who they were.
Lady Vinrey decided it was time for her to get into the conversation. Still in a high pitched voice from the shock of her daughter’s almost disastrous outing, “Dear Viscount—“
“Avery, please.”
“My dear boy, I cannot voice my gratitude. Is there anything we can do to show our deepest thanks?”  
“No, ma’am. Maybe tomorrow. Anne still wants to come to the soiree, she wouldn’t let me cancel it….  Please make sure you stay quiet,” he was not sure if Lady Vinrey could keep that promise, “and maybe not mention anything about dogs, at least not for a while.” Thinking back to the poor beagle mix brought moist eyes to the twenty-three year old, causing the Vinreys to glance at each other in alarm. Why was the Viscount so emotionally affected by what had happened? It was not depicted quite so horribly to them. Lord Vinrey brought the young man a stiff brandy, which he was grateful for.
Wishing to be there when Anne awoke or came down, the young Viscount joined Lord Vinrey in the study. There was much the men wished to discuss. Anne’s father was sure that eventually vows would be exchanged between this wonderful young man and his daughter, but needed much more information about him. In exchange, the Viscount wanted to know about the past situations with the eldest Buttwell. They had built a great rapport when a servant came in calling for the Viscount. He quickly excused himself and bounded up the stairs in threes. Seeing this reaction, Lord Vinrey knew that the wedding bells were near.
Anne heard a tentative knock on her door but expecting her mother or father, did not respond and even turned to face the other way. She only knew her loyal Trusty was nevermore and that her Spot has turned to a horrific spot. She was so depressed. Then she heard a soft and tender “Anne?” She must be imagining things and just stayed the way she was. Having such keen ears, she did hear a chair pulled through the room. Maybe she was not dreaming. She turned around to behold a loving face looking absolutely concerned at her. “I won’t ask if you are alright, because I know you aren’t. But do you wish any company or anything at all?” She dearly would have been taken into his arms again, but was too well taught to say as much. But, she did have a yearning glance that was reflected in his hazel eyes. Apparently he was able to determine what her heart desired and putting out his hand in which she put hers, he pulled her up and they stood holding each other. They stayed just like that until a maid mentioned that supper was ready. Sliding his arm around her waist, he maneuvered Anne down the stairs. They were about to enter the dining room when slowly Teddy eased himself along the hallway towards the dining room as was his custom at this time. Anne ran to her elderly dog, pulled him into her arms, and proceeded to sob atrociously. Hearing this outpouring of emotion from their daughter, Lord Vinrey quickly went to his wife who cried for her daughter in his arms. Lord Vinrey was close to doing the same but he had to be strong for his wife and daughter. He did glance at the young Viscount who only stood there watching the heart-wrenching scene unfold at his feet with tears slowly trickling down his cheeks. Hufton loved Anne and his heart bled with hers: all other information about the Viscount was unimportant now for Lord Vinrey.
When finally the horror of the scene had diminished slightly, Hufton pulled Anne up but she was unable to stand and still held Teddy dearly to her heart. The sobbing had stopped but the tears just would not end and her eyes had turned lifeless. Avery bent down, and with all the strength he could muster, lifted her with her Theodore and carried her back up to her bedchamber. He might cancel the soiree after all. Being back in bed, she did not release her dog who just wiggled himself into a comfortable position and gladly stayed with her in the comfort of her arms. Upon closing the door, Avery just stood there leaning against it. How one moment can change lives. Supper was postponed and Lord Vinrey took his future son-in-law to the library where the younger man dropped himself into a lounge chair and just stared into the fire that was only smoldering. The elder man gave his exhausted future son a very stiff drink and just sat there if needed.
After letting the drink burn its way down, “Damn the man! All of this for what?”
“He had his mind set.”
“Was his goal to really marry her? If so, what then?”
“I don’t know if we wish to go there, son.”
“Was she then just a mistress or would it have continued….”
Vinrey put a hand upon the frustrated man’s shoulder. “Dear boy, you are only making it worse. Just think that you just happened to be in the right place at the right moment to destroy any horrendous plans Erwin did have.”
“I waited there often for her. I whistled sometimes and when she responded, I knew she was there. I did the same today and assumed maybe she was here in the garden and I had remounted when I heard Trusty….” Vinrey put his hand on Hufton’s shoulder again in hopes of some comfort. “That poor thing…it gave its life…to save….” He could not continue. He put his face in his hands and just sat there. Vinrey left the poor soul to deal with his emotions as he deemed fit.
Upon closing the door behind him, Lord Vinrey swore, “Damn Erwin, if you were close now, I think I’d kill you with my bare hands!” He stomped over to the dining room and rejoined his wife to eventually eat supper.

<>

The next morning Anne was not sure if she should get up or not. But, after just lying in bed indecisive with Teddy lying next to her, she heard a light rasp on her door. Remembering yesterday’s nice surprise, she eagerly awaited the visitor. “Are you awake?” It was not Avery but it was another welcome guest: Edmund. Edmund had waited at the Hufton estate for the return of the owner yesterday and when it became quite late, he wondered what had become of his best friend. Finally when Avery did arrive home, he was prepared to kill Buttwell. Thankfully Edmund was there to talk him out of his revengeful mood and learned about the events of the day. Fitzgerald knew immediately that he had to come here the next morning to ease Anne’s pain. “Do you wish to do anything today?”
“Besides eat?” Edmund looked stupefied at her. “I never had supper yesterday!” He kindly went downstairs and asked for some hearty breakfast in the kitchen, while Anne dressed. The whole house was hushed and everyone talked in a whisper. Hufton’s request for quiet was taken seriously. Soon later, Edmund arrived with a filled platter and ate with Anne. He chatted about almost everything under the sun except anything having to do with dogs. Anne realized this and appreciated the effort, but Trusty was not so easily forgotten. Teddy seemed to feel how much Anne needed him, and did not leave her side until Edmund came. Then with her help, he was placed on the floor to give a tail wagging greeting to her guest and then left.
Edmund stayed with her all day, accompanying her into the garden and then through the estate with Fred’s replacement for extra protection. Only about an hour before the soiree did he leave her to get prepared for the event. Anne was touched that he stayed with her.
The dresses that Anne and her mother had ordered, came about an hour before they needed to get ready but that was close enough for Lady Vinrey to panic but with her daughter’s condition, she kept it to herself. Because of yesterday’s incident, Anne was a little pale but the lovely ruby red dress gave her some color and, maybe because she knew the Viscount was hosting the soiree, she did become a little excited. When her father joined her in the usual wait for Lady Vinrey, she could not believe the festive flair his evening clothes had. He had a ruby in his cravat reflecting Anne’s dress color exactly, the cravat itself seemed prepared with a bit more thoughtfulness, and his suit was not just the drab brown or gray he usually wore. He had a dark brown coat over a tan vest with shirt cuffs a little more frilly than was his custom. Lord Vinrey made sure that he was meticulously perfect. “What is the big occasion Father?”
He chuckled. He should have known that Anne would notice. “My dear, I have a feeling that tonight may be an extremely special evening and I thought I should be dressed for the occasion.” She glanced at him sideways: why was this more special than any other soiree or ball?
Finally Lady Vinrey arrived and when she was escorted by her daughter and husband on either side, she looked like an overdressed doll. Even with the extra special care Lord Vinrey applied to his dress for the evening, she still looked overly pompous. Her neckline did not leave much to the imagination, many did not want to see half as much as she showed, and the rest of it was not much better. It might have looked good on a much younger lady with a nice figure, but it only made her look worse. Many of the other dowagers did not care nor realized; they were too much interested in the gossip that Lady Vinrey always brought. Just the younger generation was amazed at her bad taste, but they did not worry, she was not going to lure any men away from them!
As they drove down the lane to the Hufton estate the family was in awe. They knew he was a Viscount but they did not expect quite such an entrance. A nice stone wall was along the main road, roses lined the first few yards, then a strip of cottage garden lined both sides that merged into bushes and then a forest, then a wide lawn with a few thoroughbreds was on both sides. The lane then bent through some more forest, and finally they entered upon another green that gave the visitors their first glimpse of the residence. Anne thought it to be a very lovely home. It was made from brown brick, ivy crept its way up on the left and right sides. The stairs leading to the entrance did not fan out as was the custom, but rather were just simple stairs leading into the home. For Anne, it just seemed to naturally fit with its surroundings. There were only 2 torches at the stairs giving the massive building a warm feeling. Even though Anne and her father had to wait for Lady Vinrey, they still were the first to arrive. Avery was waiting for them at the top of the stairs. He greeted them warmly and immediately asked how Anne was. “Better, thanks to Edmund.”
“So, that’s where he went. I’ve been looking for the chap all day. Why I didn’t think of looking there, I don’t know.”
“I’m terribly sorry for keeping him from you.”
“Please don’t! Actually, I was hoping he would take some time and see how you were doing, since I had no time today.”
“You were busy getting prepared for today. You didn’t have much of a chance yesterday afternoon nor evening….” Anne became wistful and he took her hands.
“I much rather would have been with you, than dealing with preparations, but they had to be done.” He then led the Vinreys through the house. The ballroom was vast and decorated in royal blue, which so nicely fit with her ruby dress. Tapestries hung everywhere to absorb more of the noise. Each one of the rooms was so beautifully kept and decorated that Anne could not tell which she liked better. Then, he led her into the place he thought she would like the most. Avery led Anne to the glass doors exiting the library and as he opened the doors, the servants lit the torches and candles. The flowers were exquisite, vases filled with flowers from the meadow were on pedestals everywhere, and the soft glimmer of the candles on the benches lit even the smallest and daintiest bloom. She just stood there in awe. If she liked the rooms so far, there was no way to describe how much she loved the garden. He led his mesmerized lady down the path to a bench and motioned her to sit.
Before she knew what was happening, Avery went down to one knee. He glanced up at her with hope and love dancing in his lovely hazel eyes, which with the candlelight had little speckles of gold in them. She held her breath.
“Dearest Anne, would you be—“
“Yes!”
“Anne, you didn’t even let me—“
“Oh, Avery,” she pulled him to the bench. “I was hoping, but couldn’t be sure nor could I believe you’d want me.”
 “I practiced quite a few times. I wanted to make sure it was perfect.” He looked like a hurt child.
“It was.”
When she finally had it sink in, he saw a face of bliss looking up at him. Their eyes locked and he bent towards her and finally had a chance to kiss her. At first it was loving and tender but when she kissed him back their passions flared.
When that kiss ebbed a bit, they heard someone clearing their throat. With Anne leaning heavily upon his chest, Avery looked to the door. Edmund was there with a knowing look and motioned with his head that other guests were arriving.
Pulling her up with him, Hufton started toward the door to enter the house again, when Anne asked: “Did you prepare for this all today?”
He glanced down at the face that he fell in love with at their first meeting, “After yesterday’s events, I thought today would be a good time.” She became a little saddened but it was short lived. Other emotions were on the forefront and she could not be bothered with sad thoughts.
“So, you finally went for it, eh?” Edmund slapped Avery on the back and congratulated the pair.
“Do I hear congratulations?” Lord Vinrey was coming from the library. He only needed one quick glance at his daughter and knew. “My dear boy, you never asked!”
“Sir, with the comment and glances you gave me yesterday, I was sure this was what you had envisioned. Was I wrong?” He hoped he was not and was fearful that he had read the inferences wrong.
“No, you were right.” He winked at the young man who noticed that he was had.
Before the Viscount could comment back, Anne broke in. “Is this why you were so meticulous with your dress today Father?” Lord Vinrey took his daughter’s hand and kissed it lovingly and heartily nodded. “You kept this to yourself?”
“Couldn’t tell you. Didn’t know when the chap would decide to go to one knee. You know, son, that was a wonderful way to do it!” He praised the gardens and the romantic air that was obtained with the candles, vases, and torches. It was indescribable.
Just then, the other guests arrived: Hufton’s older sister with family and his younger brother. It was only going to be a family gathering. Hearing about the news, the newly engaged pair was allowed to spend a lot of time alone: mainly in the garden mostly in quiet, just happy to be alone and in each other’s company. When the musicians came, and it was only one violin and one bass and one flute, they quickly flowed into a waltz. Upon hearing that the musicians had arrived, Avery quickly towed Anne to the ballroom. Seeing only three musicians, Anne lovingly grinned at her well-chosen man. Before others were able to join, he quickly kissed Anne and then pulled her to him for the waltz. Only every other third dance was not a waltz, so Anne was kept busy between Avery, Edmund, her father, and Todd, Avery’s brother. Every desire was quickly dealt with: food, drink, fresh air (opening the glass doors that led to the garden), and wonderful company. Anne was resting during one of the country dances when in the distance she heard: “I believe it is time for bed, young lady!” She had fallen asleep in her chair! She reddened almost to the color of her dress and quickly was swept to her feet and lovingly led to a guest room. No wonder Anne fell asleep: she had never lasted until 3 in the morning before!

<>

The following morning, Anne awoke to a strange feeling. Something was lying against her back! At first she was afraid to move. What could it be? Carefully she sent out an arm to investigate. Fur. Long ears. A dog? Eventually she turned around to come face to face with a black and white border collie. It was still deep asleep at first but noticing that it was being stared at, it awoke and looked directly into Anne’s eyes. She could not resist and hugged the seemingly grinning animal. It did not squirm nor pull away. Once she was done with the heart-felt greeting, she held the dog at arms length investigating the animal. It seemed to be a happy-go-lucky type of dog and ready to do whatever she wished. She got up to dress and it was immediately at her heels. I wonder what your name is, she kept questioning.
Someone lightly rapped upon the door. “Anne?”
“Who’s dog is this?”
Avery, noticing that Anne was presentable, let himself in. “Ah, I see you met Sassy!” The collie raised her head at her name but did not leave Anne’s side. Avery cocked his head and glanced at the dog. Was it possible? Did the dog feel that she needed her? Did he, unbeknownst, have the dog Anne needed under his very roof?
The long pause and the studious stare unnerved Anne. “Is something wrong?” Sensing the discomfort, Sassy nudged her nose into Anne’s hand. Seeing this automatic response, Avery grinned disbelieving and shook his head in response. “She is yours, isn’t she?”
“I had hoped that one of my dogs would fill your pet’s void but I didn’t think it would be so instantaneous nor of their own doing. I did have a bit of a hand in this, I should confess. I led her into your room.” His usual motion to call her to his side did not work anymore and he had to come to Sassy to pet her. “I must say, when you have a dog, they seem to become extremely loyal.” Seeing Anne’s apologetic face, he quickly shrugged it off and happily kissed her hands which melted her expression into one of love. “I had hoped that by the time we wed you would have a pet that was dear to you, so Sassy has become a very early wedding gift.” In joy, Anne hugged her husband to be and the shock of being proposed to yesterday flooded over her again.
At breakfast, the Vinrey family was invited to stay as long as they wished. After breakfast Avery invited Anne on a tour of his grounds. As during the previous day’s arrival, she was awed at the beauty of the drive to the regal yet not imposing home. The early summer flowers had subsided but the next phase was so colorful that Anne had to dismount. Avery had appreciated his well-groomed grounds more and more as he got older but not until Anne inspected the blooms noticing every detail was he really aware. Sadly as they were marveling at the gorgeous magenta rose, his estate manager came. Understanding that the estate needed his attention, Anne just continued going through the garden. She would point out the delicate points of the plants to Sassy.
In the meantime, Lady Vinrey strolled through the house hoping she would remember all of the details. When they returned home, she would have to have some tête-à-têtes with some of her closest friends to discuss the remarkable home her daughter would have. Lord Vinrey just disappeared into the library, more than happy to be surrounded by the many volumes the room held. Then, over supper, Lady Vinrey could not hold her pride nor excitement at bay. Anne was a little embarrassed at the glorious reports from her mother, but Avery just grinned appreciatively. When, finally there was a little pause, the host asked Lord Vinrey his views. His appreciation of his favorite room was not as emotionally portrayed, but the sparkling eyes said everything. When Lady Vinrey was able to continue, the younger pair only had eyes for each other which older all-seeing eyes did not miss.
After supper, Anne continued with her solo tour and came to a little pathway. It was leading into some dark woods. There were very few birds left, migrating to warmer climes for the winter so the walk was relatively quiet. Soon she saw a brighter area ahead. It was not until she was in the meadow that she noticed where she was. Sassy felt that her new master needed some company and sat right in front of Anne who did not see her. Anne only heard the yelp of Trusty as tears started blurring her vision. Not getting the attention she wanted, Sassy not only sat up, but stood up putting her paws on Anne’s knees. Finally realizing that Sassy was there, Anne immediately led her new companion to the bench where they sat together on it, Anne hugging Sassy. Sassy was a good listener and patiently let her master tell her what happened that fateful day. Sadly Sassy could not respond when Anne asked her if she would alert her when Erwin was nearby. Feeling a little better for having told Sassy about the sad day, Anne took the time to look at the changing meadow. 
After a deep sigh of sadness for the growing season coming to a close, Anne was about to get up to return back to the house when she heard it. She jumped up immediately alert. Sassy whined in confusion. “Sassy, listen! That’s the bird!” It stopped! Anne frowned in frustration. Noticing that it was not going to sing again, Anne explained her aggravation to Sassy. Turning around one last time in hopes of hearing one of the bird’s notes and not hearing anything, Anne started down along the path. She stopped mid-stride. It started up again! She tried to mimic it but it was just so much more complex than other songs that she had a hard time keeping up with it. No song. She returned back to the bench practicing the beginning trying to get at least that right. Sassy thought this starting and stopping on their way back was a great game and was getting all excited. Anne interpreted it as her excitement in getting some of the song figured out. 
Just as Anne got up again, the song resumed. She was able to repeat more of it but still not the whole song. It was getting louder because she was going along the path with Sassy jumping around her. It seemed only yards away when the song stopped again! The only sound was Sassy panting with the excitement of the strange game. Still not hearing anything after a few minutes, Anne in trepidation tried the song. Nothing. Should she go on or go back to the bench and see if it will start up again? Not wanting to miss this last possible connection with her secretive bird, Anne quickly headed back to the bench. With the quick pace, Sassy was almost barking in excitement. They sat upon the bench again waiting. As Anne was concentrating on hearing the bird’s call again, she was staring into Sassy’s face. Sassy, in exchange was anxiously watching Anne wondering when the game would start up again, the tail wagging unbelievably swiftly. In impatience, Sassy started to whine. 
There it was again! Anne jumped up and started racing along the path as she tried to mimic the complex whistle. Sassy in exuberance almost made Anne trip and fall but her momentum kept her up. It was really close when it stopped again. Maybe it was because Sassy was just too active. “Sit!” She dropped her behind as if it weighed tons and the tail now was sweeping the forest floor. They waited. Silence. The shadows were getting long and still no song. It was already too late to go back to the bench and try again. “Maybe tomorrow,” she told the red-tongued collie who was wondering what the next part of the game was.
Somewhat saddened, but hopeful for tomorrow, Anne and her furry companion headed back to the house. They were barely halfway through the forest when Avery came into view. Wanting to have her old master in the new game, Sassy raced up to him. Avery chuckled in surprise, quickly patted his old friend, but was quickly left alone. She was leading him to Anne. Delving deep into his memory, Avery did not recall Sassy ever doing that before. “Hello dear! I didn’t expect to see you on this pathway but you were nowhere else to be found!”
“I’m sorry for taking so long. I just happened to stumble upon this pathway and found myself….” 
Avery quickly took her hands into his. “I know. That’s why I didn’t think of looking for you here. Are you—“
She did not give him a chance to ask how she felt being in the meadow again. “Avery, did you ever hear a very peculiar bird?” He glanced confused at her as they continued on the pathway leading towards the bench again. She explained with the utmost detail about the episodes with the evasive bird. They arrived at the bench which was immediately occupied by a furry friend. Sassy never sat on any furniture before! It was not a very wide bench so only Anne and Sassy would fit. Noticing Avery’s stupefaction at Sassy’s behavior, Anne took Sassy into her lap so that he also could sit down.
“So how does it sing?”
“I wish I could whistle it for you. It is beyond my capabilities!” The frustrated and saddened face tore at Avery’s heart.
“Not even a few notes?” With some cajoling, Anne tried her best to mimic the beginning. “Hmm, no I don’t think I’ve ever heard this bird. On my grounds you say?”
“Your grounds? No, here and in the Earl’s garden.”
“Like I said, on my grounds and on his.”
Anne’s eyes doubled in size. This also is his? A heavenly grin soon flooded her face. “That’s why you said you could get permission for the bench! Why didn’t you tell me?” She slapped his shoulder.
He chuckled and quickly took her hand to kiss it. “I didn’t want to spoil it for you. Back to this bird. No views of it at all? I can see that this could frustrate you.”
“What I can’t understand is that I’ve only ever heard it here consistently and that one time at the Earl’s ball….” He waited as she thought of something. Sassy noticed that the game was over and despite being happy in Anne’s arms and being petted by both most of the time, she decided to jump down and lie at Anne’s feet. Her panting had stopped and she could rest easily now. How did Sassy know that Anne needed her? Avery just could not fathom it. Anne broke into his thoughts: “Maybe there’s a nest around here and at the Earl’s estate.”
The next afternoon, with Avery in company, Anne visited the Earl to find out if the unknown avian was still at the estate. Hearing about something so bizarre, the Earl could not resist letting the strange young lady wander the garden to determine if the bird was still here.
“Where did you hear it?” 
Anne tried to recollect the spot. “Just shortly before I met you.” Avery went to his position and Anne then backtracked to where she thought she was. Once she had an idea of the layout of the garden, they sat upon a bench to listen and wait: to no avail. Maybe the bird already migrated. The Earl was saddened by the results and wished them luck.
As soon as they were back on Avery’s estate, Anne rushed to the meadow and waited upon the bench. Sassy immediately came to her side, apparently hearing that the coach had arrived and smelled her mistress. So, the three waited somewhat impatiently for the unbelievable whistle. Dusk was setting in and Anne hung her head. Avery led his saddened love back to the house with Sassy in tow.
After supper, Anne was found standing at the glass doors leading to the garden staring out into the darkness. “Anne, something amiss?”
“I might never hear that bird again! I can only imagine what it might look like….”
Noticing that nothing was happening, Sassy laid down curled up with her tail over her nose.
“What have you imagined?” Avery put an arm around her waist and pulled her to him as they looked out into the moonless night.
“I’m thinking it more colorful and spectacular than any other bird I’ve seen. Probably blue, red, black, white, and maybe even some yellow. Because of the melodious whistle, it must be related to the nightingale….”
“Sounds absolutely wonderful and quite unique.” He released his love and strolled to the couch. Anne nodded but stayed where she was.
“Never again….” He could barely hear her from where he sat.
Anne jumped and Sassy was instantly alert. Her mistress spun around looking throughout the room but did not find what she was looking for. Slowly Anne’s eyes went back to Avery. He was nonchalantly reading a newspaper. She became very quizzical but disregarded her thought and turned back to the windows. She heard it again but before it could get close to finishing the phrase she turned around and found the source. “Why you!” Sassy instantaneously crouched and was ready for the attack. “You knew I was trying to find it! You let me go and search for it yesterday and today!”
Avery regally stood up and came toward Anne but stopped half-way when Sassy warned him not to proceed one step closer. It was good to know that she would defend her new mistress so well but, for god’s sake, not from Avery! “Sass, DOWN!” He could see her struggle with what to do and she did decide to do the right thing but stayed alert and ready. “Anne, I often whistle when I’m wandering the grounds. I just happened to whistle this little ditty apparently when I left you because I heard you try to repeat it. After that I always used it when I came to the meadow or left it.” He saw her quizzical look. “Alright, I also used it at the ball. I saw you go out to the garden and knew I could lure you to me by whistling it.”
She glared at him, “but not telling me—“ 
He had positioned himself next to her, and stopped the sentence with a kiss. “Do you think me too old to have fan?” She grinned and shook her head as she pulled him down by his lapel to kiss him.
