






The Deadlier Sex
©February 2017 by Maelani Reese & Nataleigh Sharp
All rights reserved
Published by
Cover Design by MelancholyMuse
Photography Depositphoto
www.Maelani.com

This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not, by way of trade or otherwise, be lent, re-sold, duplicated, hired out, or otherwise circulated without the publisher’s prior written consent in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without similar condition including this condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.

This is a work of fiction. All characters and events portrayed in this novel are fictitious and are products of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to actual events, or locales or persons, living or dead, are entirely coincidental.


Be Obsessed…

Follow Maelani here:
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter




Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve 
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One
Chapter Forty-Two
Chapter Forty-Three
Chapter Forty-Four
Chapter Forty-Five
Chapter Forty-Six
Chapter Forty-Seven
Chapter Forty-Eight
Chapter Forty-Nine
Epilogue
About the Author




Chapter One


“Dammit,” Hayley whispered, “just dammit!”
She stood over the body, staring down with sheer horror. He’s dead! Shit, shit, shit! was all she could think. The fucker was dead, and there was no mistaking it. The man at her feet had once been beautiful, hot even, she thought. His bare chest was packed with muscle, and his exposed abdomen was tight and rippling with a hard eight-pack. Her fingers dripped a thick scarlet substance that landed on the stone floor next to his face. His jaw was a sculpted masterpiece, and covered by a fine layer of stubble. Dark, disheveled hair danced over the tan skin of his face. His still, grey eyes stared up at nothing and told her there was no more life left in him. That, and the three-foot piece of twisted, jagged steel jutting out from under his rib cage. The half-inch thick pool of blood beneath him was another giveaway.
Hayley took in every detail carefully, desperately trying to coax her mind into processing the information. She was close to overload and didn’t know what to do next. The man’s naked torso ended in a pair of very faded blue jeans. They were unbuttoned, giving her the clue she needed that this was no ordinary encounter. They should’ve been buttoned all the way up to the fly where an ornate belt buckle connected a thick leather belt, but they weren’t. The cuffs lay limp against a pair of black leather motorcycle boots. Not that she was an expert on boots, but she saw the telltale orange bar-and-shield logo denoting Harley-Davidson emblazoned on the side of them.
One of his hands was still gripping a short length of black nylon cord, maybe thirty inches of it, she thought. The other hand lay open and limp against the dark grey stone. Stone. Where was she anyway? 
“Fuck!” she cursed and kicked the man in the thigh. This was a rude awakening if anything and there was no way in hell the guy had any good intentions with the way things appeared. Nevertheless, no one deserved to die. Right?
Hayley’s feet were bare, and she registered the cold of the ground beneath them. She glanced around her. It was dark but not entirely. She was in a long chamber of some sort, made out of carved stone. Am I in a cave? She slowly took inventory of her own person.
On her bare legs she could see deep red marks on her calves and thighs, fresh bruises from something, but what? Her bare thighs came together in a pair of polka-dotted boy-short panties that rode up high onto her thin hips and waist. She was near naked, and a sticky, almost stiff black camisole covered her torso, reminding her that it was cold down here. She began shivering and lifted her left hand to pinch a bit of the black fabric. Her fingers stuck to it for a moment reminding her of the way a sticky jar of jam felt. Those fingers came away covered with a tacky, dark red substance. She lifted her right hand in front of her eyes, feeling faint yet strangely calm. 
This is a real problem, she thought.
A dull, fiery ache radiating up her right arm made her look down to find it also drenched in congealing blood. She spread open her palm, revealing a deep, angry gash along the length of her forearm and into her hand. She couldn’t see the bone but knew this wound would require medical attention. The laceration oozed blood but could not account for all of the dark stain covering her arm. She’d have to wrap it with something clean and sew it up herself.
Nervously, she squatted down near the slain man to examine the piece of metal protruding from his abdomen without touching it. It was a roughly t-shaped piece of steel, and to Hayley it looked like something that might be used in the walls of a big building. Only this metal was twisted and serrated and sharpened. The edges looked like they had been torn from a larger piece, leaving this lethal length behind. Hayley studied the gash on her palm with a queasiness building in her stomach. She reached her shaking, bloody hand out and placed it over the sharp metal, then jerked it back.
“Oh, shit,” she murmured, her breaths starting to quicken. The wound on her hand matched the sharp edge of the metal spear perfectly. She had stabbed this man.
I killed him.
“Oh, no,” she said and started to back away. “No, no.” She continued crawling away until her spine found the damp, stone wall behind her. Frightened tears rolled down her face, wetting her cheeks in streaks. She had killed that man. She should run for help.
No. She’d be charged, blamed for his demise. No way in hell would she let that happen. She couldn’t remember what happened and that wouldn’t help her cause any. Her eyes darted around nervously, realizing that she didn’t know where she was.
Where the fuck am I? Who is this man? Why did I kill him?
Then her mind stumbled onto something even more frightening….
“Who am I?”




Chapter Two


Sex, drugs, money and power. It was all hers, and she knew it. All hers to use and abuse.
In her bed, Hayley looked around the decadent room. It was designer everything. Nothing but the best would do for her.
“Here, baby, try this.” She turned to find a man with lightly tanned skin and corded, rippled muscles sitting naked next to her in bed. He held out a small wafer, coaxing her to take it. She’d had some of these before but wondered if she wanted to take any more.
“Not now.” She motioned to the table. “Later.”
“What do you want to do now?”
Hayley eyed him up and down, his complete nakedness beckoning to be used and taken.
“Who are you?” she asked. Confused, but she knew better. She knew what he was there for. She knew why she had summoned him but had lost the moment somehow. She struggled to gain it back.
“You called me in to satisfy you, Madame. I’m here to fuck your brains out.”
Hayley laughed, turning away and jumping up from the bed. The fool thought her stupid. He was a fine damn specimen of a man, but he thought she had no brains. That was fine. It wouldn’t matter in the end. She would take what she needed and then give him his just desserts.
“I am a business woman above all things.” She grabbed a bottle off the dresser and took a long, hard swig from it. Whiskey? She didn’t really taste it. It didn’t matter. “And being in this sort of business, Ricky, I have to say, I am most disappointed in you.”
The guy shifted in the bed. His flaccid member was shrinking in the coolness of the night air wafting into the room.
“Excuse me?”
She laughed. “I’ll tell you later. First”—she handed him the bottle which he took a gulp from as he watched her open her silk robe, revealing her ample breasts—“first we take care of me. Then, I’ll take care of you. Deal?”
He nodded, placing the bottle on the nightstand. His cock responded immediately to her nakedness, and his eyes widened when she shed the robe completely. Reaching out, she touched his waiting member, stroking its length in her hand. He was small at first, but with her touch, he grew enormous, larger than most of the lovers she’d taken.
“That’s good. You want this, don’t you?”
Again, he gave his head a little tip, his breathing shallow but fast as she worked him under her fingers. He was ready in no time, and she wanted him to do to her what he was paid to do.
“Fuck me. Hard.”
“Yes, Madame.” He reached over, grabbed her and shoved her down onto the bed, pulling her legs around his waist before teasing her entrance with his swollen length. It was smooth, hairless and ready to slide into her folds. Impatient, she yanked him closer, rocking her hips up, beckoning him. He slid inside, letting her hot wetness cover every hardened inch of his cock.
“Yes,” she whispered into his ear. “Faster.” He did as he was told and continued, pumping faster and slapping his hips against hers until they were both soaking wet. Reaching up to take her breasts into his hands, he pinched her tiny nipples, rolling them in his fingers and relished how hard they became under his rough touch. 
“Yes!” Her pleasure-filled moans made him even harder, and he breathed in to hold back his orgasm. She was so tight, so wet and horny as fuck. He liked this job. It was a lot more fun than the last job he’d had, double-crossing her.
“Tell me when you’re going to come,” she hissed in his ear. 
He was so close. He could feel it. He told her he would, leaning back some so he could get a good view of her breasts bouncing with the rhythm. Madame H. had a nice rack. He loved breasts and wanted to suck on them hard enough to leave a mark. He liked marking his bitches. He loved leaving them to bleed.
“I’m going to come!” he groaned. He closed his eyes, ready to feel his burst of pleasure. But then… then something happened. A streak of crimson. A scream in Hayley’s head. A struggle for breath.
Was it even real?
It’s all in your head. It’s all in your head. Nothing is real….
“Will that be all, miss?”
Hayley gasped. She looked around, wondering where she was again. That feeling of perpetual amnesia crept into her once more, giving her a lost, perplexed and dazed feeling. Her heart was racing, and she didn’t even know why. The scene had faded away faster than she could grasp onto it and hold on. She was grabbing for straws which were just not there. Nothing tangible. Nothing truly cohesive.
Damn.
She peered back down, staring at the headline of the newspaper in front of her, narrowing her eyes before jerking her gaze away from it, wondering if anyone had reported on a house fire/murder scene yet. Her head was foggy, and everything that had come rushing back like a tsunami receded just as quickly. The recent recall faded and was replaced with the memory of a burning house in the middle of the countryside.
It’s all in your head….
There was nothing in there anymore. Nothing worth remembering.
The cave had been carved into the side of a basement in an isolated country house far from any nearby towns or neighbors. It could have burned down to ashes before anyone noticed, and she hoped it would, but she couldn’t be sure. Grabbing one of the papers, she added it to the pile of snacks and a hot coffee in front of the cashier. 
He was a young kid with acne scars peppering the otherwise youthful face hiding under a mop of dark blonde hair. It needed a cut badly, but that was the style nowadays.
“Yes, that’s it.” She straightened a crumpled twenty-dollar bill that had been stuffed in her jeans, some of the little money she’d taken from the dead guy’s body a few days ago. She was burning through it too fast and would soon need another source of income.
Grabbing her bags, she shoved the heavy glass door open with her back, bracing for the slam of frigid wind tumbling against her, sending shivers straight down her spine. 
“Have a good one, miss,” the cashier guy called out, giving her a crooked-tooth smile and googly eyes as he watched her. He seemed nice but far too young for her taste. She liked them older, dark haired and olive skinned. Much like the guy she had killed. Or did she? How the hell was she supposed to know? Maybe she liked the gangly youthful kind of guys too. Regardless, she wasn’t in the business of looking for a man at that moment and averted her eyes from him with a shy smile before leaving the convenience store. 
Hayley’s replacement clothes had come from the house above the basement where she’d killed the unknown man and fit loosely. The mothball scent from the dusty clothes was unappealing, but it was better than the alternative of walking in the blood-soaked clothes that were now ashes along with the entire contents of the house she’d left behind. It was lucky the dead guy had had keys to the basement door and his car on him. There, she’d found a jug of gasoline in the trunk of the car. It most definitely belonged to the body lying in its own puddle of sticky, slick blood. 
It was best to not leave any trace behind. She had no idea where she was going or what she’d do but was relieved to be sensible enough to think of covering her tracks as best she could.
So she had cleaned herself up in the shower in the house above as quickly as she could, not knowing if anyone else would be coming to meet the man, and donned the loose women's clothing that hadn’t been worn in what seemed like years. Then, she’d doused the place with gasoline, making sure to cover every surface, and set it aflame before hurrying out the door to jump into the awaiting car.
The miles had passed like a smear of memory, and she didn’t even know where she was now. It didn’t matter. Any place was better than the last. Each city passing by was another place between her and the person she’d killed. Her memory had yet to return, but her wound was healing well. Still, it was a constant reminder of that day and everything she’d lost with it.
The only thing that had returned to her was her name. That was it. And not even her last name.
Hayley. Yes, that sounded right.
But what else?
She’d been so thorough to cover her tracks that she wondered if she’d missed something crucial to help her remember. The car didn’t ring a bell, but just in case it was hot, she’d ditched the plates several towns back and stolen some off a similar car to not arouse suspicion.
She must have watched her share of espionage movies to know such things and do them without hesitation. Maybe that’s what she was… a spy. A secret agent. Anything would be better than not knowing who she was at all.
Walking against the biting wind, she made her way a few spots down toward the car when someone grabbed her arm and sent her coffee splattering to the ground. A gloved hand cut off her scream as the man spoke.
“Keep your eyes forward and don’t scream, or I’ll kill you right here,” he hushed her as she tugged to get away. His fingers dug harder against her skin, causing her to wince in pain.
“What do you want?” she gasped, hurrying as he shoved her forward.
He led her to the car she’d been driving and slid into the driver’s side, pulling her in after him. He grabbed her bag of snacks and tossed it to his feet then reached over to slam the door shut. She waited, gripping the steering wheel with her frozen fingers hard enough to turn them pale white.
“Where to?” she asked, eyeing the gun he pointed at her. Who the hell was this guy? He looked oddly familiar, and she wondered if he’d been following her the entire time after leaving the burning house.
That’s impossible, she thought. She’d made damn sure no one had followed her for days, keeping a low profile, paying everything with cash just like in the movies. How would this guy fit into all that?
Nothing clicked, and she squeezed the steering wheel tighter, afraid to let it go.
“Just drive the way you were going before. I know you’re running. Just keep going.”
He had been following her. But how?
Hayley cranked the engine and backed out. Heading west on the interstate once more, she risked a peek at her captor and noticed he’d relaxed once on the road but kept the gun in hand. His hair was dark, and his skin was a lighter olive tone, as if he didn’t go outside much. Still, his shoulders were broad, and he was a good six feet tall. She knew he was well-built from when he’d grabbed her in the parking lot, his hard chest pressing into her. He was gorgeous, she had to give him that, but some things are only skin deep. Her arm still tingled where he’d squeezed it.
The miles rolled by, the houses grew scarce and the city faded behind them. Finding it odd that she wasn’t completely out of her wits with fear since the guy probably wouldn’t kill her yet, she relaxed. He would have done it already if he was going to, she told herself. It wasn’t being on the road that frightened her, it was what came at the end of this little trip. What was he going to do with her?
The funny thing was, this guy acted comfortable with her, even with the gun. He reminded her of something familiar, and his scent was like cigarettes and faded cologne mixed with sweat. It made her feel like she must have known him from somewhere. Why would he remind her of something, or someone, for that matter? He hadn’t divulged anything that would mean he knew her, but secrets were easy to hide.
Like her own secrets—lost in the abyss of her mind.




Chapter Three


“Are you getting tired?”
His voice was so unexpected after miles of silence, it caused Hayley to startle. She glanced at the man in the seat next to her, finding a sharp, cool stare meeting hers. He was a good-looking man, yes, but frightening as well. 
He’s dangerous, she thought. And creepy.
“I, uh, yes,” she finally responded. She had been driving for almost three hours straight, plowing through America’s Southwest. Of course she was tired.
“Pull over here.”
Hayley glanced at the rearview mirror. Satisfied they were alone, she pulled to the side of the road, putting the car into park. Immediately, the man grabbed the keys, spun them on his finger and cracked a smile.
“Hop out. I’ll take over from here.”
Hayley hesitated. “I don’t want to go any farther with you. Please—just release me.”
The man chuckled then reached over and yanked the door handle, shoving the door open. “Get out,” he said as he leaned toward her, motioning her out the door before heading out of the passenger side.
I could always run, she thought. They were in the middle of Timbuktu, and the next town was miles away. She’d die of exposure before reaching any civilization. She deepened her frown and gave him a prickly glare.
“Come on,” he shouted at her, pounding on the hood of the car. “We haven’t got all day.”
Hayley complied, seeing that he was leaving her no choice, and cursed under her breath. The shock of the day was starting to wear on her in a big way, and she was getting irritable. She met him around the front of the car, and before she even knew what he was doing, he reached behind her with one of his large hands, pulling her tightly against him. Their faces were mere inches apart, and she could feel his body’s heat emanating from his chest—and much lower. He pressed her harder against him, wedging her against the car’s warm hood before she shoved her hands into his chest, knocking him away. Hayley was surprised by her strength and planted her feet firmly to the ground.
“What? Are you going to add criminal sexual conduct to your kidnapping charges?” she asked snidely, feeling suddenly brave.
He chuckled heartily. “Look, H., I’m not the enemy. I know you’re having a bit of a breakdown or something right now, but when you come out of it, you’re going to realize that our causes are not so different. You might want to rethink your way of comforting a man, if you get what I’m saying, because”—he stepped up close to her again, and she raised a palm in front of her—“you and I,” he said with a grin, “are very familiar with each other.”
Hayley shook her head. “Convenient thing to say to a woman who can’t remember shit. Probably every felon’s dream.” She twisted her lips, biting down as his face darkened and his chuckle faded to an angry scowl.
“You’re one to talk, H. You’re one to talk. Look, the desert stretches for hours in every direction. You and I will stick together until I get you back to Vegas. Then there’ll be some sorting out to do. A lot of sorting out. I just hope that memory of yours kicks back in for both our sakes.”
“And what the hell does that mean?” she snapped, hands balling into fists. This guy was toying with her. He had to be. He had nothing to lose and everything to gain. Why would he risk anything for her?
“I know it’s hard to believe, but you’ve actually got bigger problems than greasing that douchebag Damian.” He gave her a hard look. “You have business associates who aren’t too pleased with you. See, you’ve been gone for a week.”
How does he know about the guy in the basement? He knows his name? A week? Holy shit, what happened to me? The thoughts were coming at her fast, and Hayley felt instantly overwhelmed. Her head swam, and her vision darkened. Then her legs began to go, and Hayley felt herself falling, but she could do nothing to stop it. Big arms wrapped around her, his arms, only this time there was nothing salacious about his touch. This time he’d grabbed her out of concern.
He lowered her to the ground slowly and knelt down with her. The light was starting to fade from the sky. Hayley recovered her vision but stayed sitting.
“I don’t understand any of this,” she said honestly, then looked the man in the eye. “I’m frightened.”
The man blew out a long breath. “Wow, H., to see you, like this….” He shook his head then used his hands to pantomime mind blown. He looked down, shaking his head as if unsure what to say next. Far in the distance ahead of them, five or six miles out on the desert road at least, a pair of halogens came into view.
“Who the hell was I?” she asked, staring into him, begging him for some information. “Please?”
Another deep breath was blown out, and then he answered. “You’re the boss, Madame H., of a human trafficking operation.”
“Human trafficking?” The words floated out of her mouth, a horrified whisper in the evening air.
He cleared his throat. “Sex trafficking. Prostitutes, sex slaves. Some of them willing, some of them… not.
The headlights grew brighter, and he helped her up and stuffed her into the passenger seat of the car. She barely registered anything. Nothing felt real anymore. It couldn’t be.
Hayley wished he’d never answered her.





Chapter Four


Hayley tried her best to imagine getting comfortable on the single queen bed taking up most of the tiny motel room. There was only one. Of course. This was fucking bullshit, and her aching head wasn’t helping the situation.
Tossing her bag to the floor, all she wanted was a hot shower and some food. Clean clothes would be a bonus, but one or the other of the former would be nice. All three would be damn luxurious.
Her captor shut the door behind them and snickered when he saw what she’d been staring at. 
“Cozy.” He smirked, and she glared at him, hoping her incessant, acidic look would eat a hole right through his body. He didn’t seem to notice and placed his own bag of stuff onto the bed. He must have snuck it into her car when she’d been in the store, for he hadn’t been carrying it when he’d grabbed her. This man was full of mystery, but she didn’t have the faintest clue who he was or if he was telling her the truth about the past. He could be a pathological liar for all she knew, and had concocted an entire story to mess with her head.
No… he knew her, that was a definite, but she didn’t trust him at all.
“I’m sure you want to get a shower in; I’m not so sweet smelling either. But, since I’m not quite sure you won’t bolt on me when I’m washing up, I see only one solution to this problem.”
Hayley felt her heart speed up and wondered if the man could hear it outside her chest. It was possible; it felt like a stampede of elephants rumbling inside her. The mere suggestion that she’d have to shower with him watching her, or worse, joining her, was too much too process. 
She let her gaze slide back to him, feeling her face burn under his scrutinous eyes. 
“What?” 
He was kidding, right?
The smoldering look he wore now assured her he was far from joking around. How was it that he knew her that well? He obviously did, or he wouldn’t be hungering for her like a familiar pleasure. She let her eyes drop to the floor but not without noticing the obvious hard-on bulging to break free under his dark jeans.
“I—I’m not showering with you.” Her voice cracked, but she couldn’t speak anymore. He was encroaching on her space, but she couldn’t move from the spot where she stood. It was as if she was glued to the floor or under his command to stay put. As his body touched hers, there was no more air in the room to breathe.
“Come on, you might enjoy it. Live a little.” He slipped his hand over hers, and try as she may, she couldn’t snatch it away. 
Bastard.
He was a bastard, and he knew it. How well did he know her? How was it that she already couldn’t resist him and didn’t even know why? He was as sleek as a thief in the night, stealing away her free will with just a touch. It made her body burn and sent squeezing warmth through her middle. She imagined him pulling her close and running his fingers along her neck before cupping her chin and furiously kissing her with his hungry mouth. What was worse was that she wanted it. Her body remembered everything her mind was trying so hard to forget, and she hated herself for it. The traitorous sensations did nothing but build the resentment she was accumulating for this man.
“I don’t even know your name and you want me to shower with you?” She laughed. It was more of a crazy chuckle, but she wasn’t sure what was happening and didn’t know well enough to stop anything that’d been set in motion earlier than her memory allowed her access to. It was too much; overwhelming and insulting all at the same time. She wanted to give in. She wanted to scream. She wanted to run away, but nothing cooperated, and all she could do was let him lead her to the bathroom where he clicked the door shut behind them.
“Take off your clothes.” His voice was gruff in the small room. It was a standard motel shower/tub combo, but the curved curtain rod gave it more room, and it wasn’t the cheapest motel, so the tub was more of a Roman tub than standard one. It made her even more nervous when she saw that after he moved the curtain to the side.
Then he pulled off his shirt.
Hayley had barely dropped her coat to the floor and was still fully dressed, but she paused to watch him. Underneath the snug dark shirt were corded muscles, sleek and strong. Tattoos covered his arms like sleeves and ran over his chest and back. All sorts of things from skulls to arrows and other objects sprayed across his skin in intricate patterns she wanted to touch with her fingers. The urge was overwhelming, and before she knew it, her fingers were scorched with the warmth of his skin.
He turned, catching her caressing his tattoos. She gasped and pulled away, backing up into the wall where the towel hanger rammed into her back.
“You sure you don’t remember anything?” he asked.
She shook her head, panic at his proximity crawling into her. He was still wearing his jeans but nothing else and smelled of sweat and musky dirt. It was alluring, yet she fought her desire and shoved it down as deep as she possibly could.
“No. Don’t come any closer… please.” Her pleading didn’t sound as desperate as she felt. She wanted him with a baffling amount of desire she couldn’t comprehend. She knew him… but how? How much had they shared before her memory had committed suicidal erasure? There had to be a damn good reason she’d want to forget things. Maybe she’d been hit on the head? Quite possible, but if it’d only been a week since her disappearance, and her head felt pretty darn intact except for the swimming fogginess this man’s presence caused. How does one lose their memory out of the blue?
“Come on, H. You don’t forget something like what we had. It was intense and all consuming. Why are you running?”
“I’m not this person you think I am. I can’t be….” Could she?
“You are and proud of it. I’ll help you remember, I promise. Just let me in.” He reached out for her again, and she pressed her back painfully against the towel bar, wishing she could be one of those superheroes who could walk through walls. But she wasn’t, and no amount of her strength could get her out of this predicament. 
He was the picture of the hottest man she’d ever seen; so why did she want to run so badly?
His hand was on her cheek, and she jerked her head away, feeling the increasing ache of lust trying—needing—to take over.
“Please, don’t….”
His hand retreated, leaving a cold front where the singe of his touch had once been. She wanted it back yet couldn’t articulate another word. She opened her eyes to find him undoing the button and zipper of his jeans and stripping naked. He didn’t turn around but instead cranked the faucets and yanked the switch for the shower spray. 
“I suggest you take off your clothes.” He tilted his head back to her and smirked. “Unless you want to shower with them on.”
“I….” Hayley stuttered, not knowing what to do. The guy just shook his head and groaned.
“When did you become such a prude, H.? You’re the one who wanted to go skinny-dipping off the shores of the cliffs near Cabo. You had the whole group naked in mere seconds. What happened to you?” He held his arm out and waved her forward. “After you, clothes on or off.”
Hayley cursed under her breath. Her fear melted away, with his last comment filling her with anger instead. She ripped off her shirt and yanked her pants painfully off. She left her bra and panties on and walked forward, stepping over the lip of the tub and letting the heated water slap against her body. He joined her, tugging the curtain into place.
“That’s a slight improvement,” he muttered, grabbing the small courtesy shampoo bottle and pouring its contents into his hand. “Might as well do some laundry at the same time, right?”
He handed her the bottle and proceeded to lather up his short hair.
“What’s your name?” she asked. It had eluded her all this time, and she had to put a name with his face.
“Just call me Jay. It’s close enough.”
Watching him for a moment as he washed up cleared her head. Jay. At least it was something. Knowing he had a name close to that had her thinking up the ones that could match. It was relaxing enough that she was able to start her own task of cleaning up.
Jay was harmless, wasn’t he? He would have killed her by now if he’d wanted to, right? A man that good looking and tough could kill with one twist of a wrist if he wanted to. If they’d been close beforehand, he wouldn’t want to do anything bad to her. His treatment of her was baffling and confused her even more. She was tired of feeling this way, but nothing seemed to be making sense. It was exhausting trying to catch up.
She just wanted to relax and enjoy the scene unraveling in front of her. Jay’s glorious, naked body was all she wanted in her head right now, and as she grabbed a washcloth, lathering it with soap, she gently rubbed the filth away, taking extra time down where all desires flow, trying her best to ease the need away with her fingers.
It was time to let go and see where things went. She was done making sense of anything.
Madame H. it is.




Chapter Five


Pleasure. It drives all things, motivates all people and demands complete obedience. Even more than survival, more than the most basic necessities, it is the very essence and core of the human being. It is a primal need that can cause anyone to act like a fool, or much worse.
Hayley pressed hard between her legs as Jay rinsed off his body, her fingers conspicuously cloaked in the washcloth. She rubbed hard enough for the tender flesh there to ache, and in that singular sensation, she found sweet satisfaction. The pain set her nerves alight with an intense prickle of euphoria through her entire body, forcing her eyes shut. She gasped at the sudden onslaught of carnal bliss and stumbled backward in the shower, until her butt was pressed against the vinyl back wall. She knew he must be watching her now, but she didn’t care or was too consumed by the need to register it. She kneaded against herself, her body moving to match her touch. Then her foot slipped out from underneath her.
Immediately he was on her, pressing her tight and hard against the vinyl, pinning her between corded muscles and the hard, slippery wall. She tried briefly to cry out, but then his mouth covered hers, and his tongue was inside her. She responded graciously, her nails biting into the flesh of his shoulders as he grated against her. She felt his hot erection pressing against her soaked panties and could not help but let a moan escape into his mouth. She felt him grinning, and then he bit down on her tongue.
“Ouch!” she cried at the sudden pain. She pushed him back, away from her a little, but she could tell by the mad, lustful fire in his eyes that he would not be letting her escape now. He reached out, put both hands on the cups of her bra, and tore it apart. Two perfect, pearly white breasts were exposed, and while she bristled with anger, her nipples, dark pink and tender, rose in excitement, ready for attention.
Her face registered shock, but she didn’t fight it when he descended upon her. He took one nipple in his mouth while his hand cupped her other breast, massaging it, teasing the soft skin, and flicking over the equally erect nipple there. Her hips bucked against him, her desires taking over and obliterating her doubt.
“Just fucking do it,” she moaned, trying to snake one of her hands down to grab at his naked sex. “I want it!”
One big hand cupped between her legs, and his fingers pressed into her, held back only by the fabric of her panties.
“You want it, do you?” he whispered into her mouth.
“Yes, fucking yes!”
“Good,” he murmured, and pressed his own swollen sex against hers.
Oh god, it felt good. She wanted to fuck. No fear, no confusion, she just wanted a long, hard fuck to take the stress of the day away. Just as she was about to reach down and help him take her panties off, it was all gone. His lips were gone, and the hotness against her pussy disappeared as well. Her eyes fluttered open in confusion.
“What—?”
Jay backed away and flicked a hand behind him.
“Jay?”
Then she was assaulted by a sudden blast of icy cold water. Her body doubled over, and she screamed.
“Ah! What the fuck!”
Jay was smirking, just under the showerhead and out of its icy reach. He held his rock hard erection in one hand, stroking its length in his palm, smiling wickedly in her direction.
“What’s your fucking problem?” she shrieked at him.
“Oh, I have too many to tell you them all.” His smirk disappeared into a hard line on his face. Then, without another word, he stepped out of the shower. Hayley heard him grab a towel before exiting the bathroom.
Mother fucker!
Hayley scrambled to flip the levers back over to hot and felt the water change to stinging nettles against her frozen skin. Her jaw chattered with cold, and her whole body shook with angry energy. Not to mention the ache he had stirred up down below that demanded payment.
 Bastard! How dare he fucking leave me hanging like that? She watched him through the crack in the shower curtain as he swiped a towel and dried himself, never looking worse for wear. Then, right before exiting the bathroom, he glanced her way, blew her a kiss and winked.
Fuck me.




Chapter Six


Jay was far from harmless. He was anything but. He’d let the bathroom door swing closed behind him, leaving the former Madame H., now just plain Hayley, to writhe in her unresolved defeat. He held a scratchy white towel in one hand as he walked into the living space of the motel room. His own body ached with desire, hurt with it actually, a distinct throbbing between his legs. He heard Hayley scrambling to warm the shower and smiled. Then he looked to the ceiling, straightening his back and closing his eyes. 
He felt the desire in him, let it rise up before he mastered it. Like a ringmaster, he forced the angry heat between his legs to subside, which it did after a moment of concentration. Jay smiled at the command he had over his body. Pure control. He had to have it. If he couldn’t even rein in his own animalistic desires, how could he be effective in his line of work? Sure, he could have fucked Hayley senseless in the shower and be none the worse for it. In fact, he may still fuck her tonight, but he had to show himself, and her, who was truly in control of this little rodeo. The look on her face had been worth every bit of agonizing restraint too.
It was a cruel lesson Hayley had to learn. The tables were turned now, and things were going to change from this point on. He’d make sure of it.
Jay came from a long and distinguished line of professionals. He would not take his station or its duties lightly. His order was ancient and worldwide. Though Jay liked to think of himself as the best, he knew that in this field, the competition was stiff. Stiff and ruthless. If one wanted to play in the world’s oldest and greatest game of sex, money and death, he had better be ready to kill for it. Or to die for it. Jay too would one day die for it, it was his destiny, as unavoidable as the sun. But it would not be this day. For this day he was still the hunter, and the hunter was bringing back a juicy prey.
Hayley too would die eventually, that he knew, and much sooner than she might think. The wolves were waiting in Las Vegas, a city that took no prisoners. Madame H. had built a gilded throne of wealth, deceit and carnal gluttony there—a vast empire. The problem with being the queen, though, was that everyone else wanted the throne. All it took was one little misstep, one mistake, and the masses became the hunters and royalty became the prey. Just like now. She was in more danger than she could have ever imagined. 
Jay smiled to himself and let the white towel rub over his iron body. He was not one of the masses, though; he had no desire to be royalty. His kind only wanted one throne, one title: to be the best. To be the most feared. To be the deadliest man to walk the planet.
Lying on the bed, he couldn’t wait to see how things would pan out in Vegas. It’d be easier to get things moving in the direction he needed them to once they returned. It was his town, and no one knew it better. Though he’d traveled extensively, there really was no place like home. 
No other place to get revenge either. Hayley had it coming. It was inevitable, being the Madame of Vegas with more enemies than any person should have. It was all her fault, really. Jay was her right-hand man, lover, hater, enforcer... and whatever else Hayley had needed him to be. Even so, she’d never lived up to what she owed him. The years had passed, and no matter how much she used him, she never gave him anything he really wanted—her heart. He didn’t think she really had one anymore. She’d shoved her promises down his throat for so long, he no longer knew if she was even capable of keeping the one she’d sworn to him years before. Anyway, he wasn’t sure that was the only thing he wanted of her anymore.

“You will always be mine.”
“Goes both ways, doesn’t it?” Jay asked. Hayley twisted a long blade of grass in her fingers before she carefully tore it down the middle to create two blades and tied them together in a knot.
“Of course.” She avoided his look as she spoke, sending alarm bells firing off in his stomach, which he chose to ignore. “Always.”
“Promise?”
She scoffed, this time eyeing him with a stink eye that burned into the very heart of his soul. “Are you saying I’m a liar, Jay?”
“No, of course not. I’d never do that. I just need to know that this isn’t some joke for you, that we both see it the same way.”
She smiled, scooting over closer to him, swinging a leg over his thighs to cradle his lap. His hands instinctively slid over her ass and gave it an affirming squeeze as she rocked her hips slowly, igniting a fire inside his loins that could never be quenched. He swallowed, waiting for her to elaborate.
“I promise. It’s you and me. Always. Okay?” She reached down, sliding her hand between her legs down onto the bulge in his jeans. It sent sparks raging through him that only she could control. He wanted her to control him then, wanted to be her slave forever. If only she’d let him. Nothing was more impossible than trying to resist. 
“Okay.”

Who knew how much that lie had cost him? The payment had been too great, and he stifled the tiny twisting ice pick embedded in his heart that Madame H. had placed there so long ago. There was no removing it. Some things had to be lived with, no matter how agonizing and torturous they were.
He would never fall again, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t have some fun with her first. Especially now, without her wretched memory to impede her reactions. Who knew Hayley losing her memories would be the most amusing thing to happen since getting caught in a monsoon in Bangkok while on assignment to assassinate a business mogul? It hadn’t been easy getting through the security of his inner circle, but Jay had done it and had barely slipped out of the country without losing his head.
This wasn’t that different, really. There was just less risk of losing an appendage. If her memory stayed away long enough for Jay to get what he wanted, this all could work out better than he’d ever anticipated.
Storming out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped tightly to her chest to cover her breasts, Hayley huffed to the other side of the bed, slamming the light off before staring hard at him.
“The hell you’re sleeping by me. Get off the bed!” She waited but a second before she crawled onto the bed and began shoving at his side. “I said off!”
For a moment he thought Madame H. had returned, but when she didn't say anything further, he knew better and laughed.
“I paid for the room. You get off,” he responded, folding his arms behind his head and closing his eyes, feigning sleep. This had to have steamed her more, but she didn’t push it any further. Instead, she yanked the sheet out from under him before sliding into the bed next to him. He had shoved the blanket to his feet and hadn’t counted on her ripping them both from him. The only thing she’d left him was the nasty coverall he was betting never got washed. 
“Fine. Find your own blankets then, asshole.” She tucked the sides of the sheet and blanket under her nice and snug as a burrito before turning to the side, away from him, and going silent.
He could tell she was pissed, but the air of unfamiliarity and her initial fear were gone, which was more than enough for him. Jay was counting on her getting comfortable with him, more than she’d ever been before. They’d been completely harmonized before, but now with him in control, he’d have her doing his bidding without hesitating or demanding to know why.
Just desserts….
“Good night.” Bitch.




Chapter Seven


“He's a thug. A real degenerate piece of shit.”
“Maybe so,” Sheriff Cordoza answered, nudging the man with a well-worn cowboy boot. “But he’s still dead, and he’s still in our county.”
“So,” his deputy huffed next to him, “we still have to bring him to justice?”
“Oh, son,” the old man said, his dark face crinkling, “I’d say this one has definitely already been brought to justice. But that don’t mean we ain’t gonna solve the killing.”
“Maybe give the perp a pat on the back while we’re at it? Hell, I’ll buy ’em a beer.”
The old, leathery-skinned sheriff mused over this for a minute. It had its appeals, certainly. He was a lawman, of course, but out here in the middle of God’s country in Texas, he sometimes saw the laws a little differently. Sometimes natural justice just… occurred. Sometimes he had to help it along. “Have it all photographed, DNA smears, the whole bit. Jobs needing done.”
The deputy nodded. “Of course. Any press release?”
“Not unless they come calling, and if they do, send them to me.”
The sheriff stood in what used to be a carved-out dungeon of sorts in the old mansion. The mansion was no more, of course, after the house fire which had raged through the morning and throughout most of the day. There was almost nothing left. Well… almost. Then they found him, and shit got complicated fast. And then… they found them, and the shit really hit the fucking fan. The man was burnt up, of course, and the sheriff knew damn well it was murder/arson, but he had no problem identifying the victim. He happened to be a frequent flyer through Texas, one the sheriff had been most anxious to get acquainted with. 
Looks like I'll never get a chance to now, thought the sheriff. Damian Abrudhera was stamped in elegant calligraphy on the inside of the dead man’s belt buckle. A former narco trafficker, he had moved to Texas from Dubai to take advantage of the lucrative drug opportunities between Mexico and the United States. Damian, who several years ago got out of the cocaine business and into the people business, namely underage ones. The definitely illegal age kind of people. Those souls that no one in America knew about and even fewer cared about.  Most people were happy to stick their heads in the sand and flip the channel on their sixty-inch flat screens to the Food Network rather than hear about the sick demented people in their own backyards. Nope, most didn’t want to know their bubbles were sitting in a wasteland of shit where the criminals ran amuck, dealing in the sick desires and secret fetishes of those with way too much money to burn. Those were the new pots of gold at the end of the rainbow, and the public kept their blinders on to it all.
Damian had begun offering his services as a coyote, or so the stories went. Then he would abscond with the young female refugees and either kill the families or leave them to die. He would sell the underage girls as sex slaves to an unknown accomplice somewhere out west, probably Vegas. That place seemed to be a hotspot for the seediest of America’s crooks. After that, the girls were never seen again. They would live out a short and presumably torturous lives as forced prostitutes before they became too old or too boring. Then, they would be sold as household workers to the rich or to those just looking for bodies to torture, for use in snuff films. That would be the end of the road for them. No more hopes or fears, no more dreams, only disappointment and death.
This would be big news in law enforcement circles, but not much further than that, since Americans didn’t really want to know about the real monsters in their midst. Give them a few police brutality cases and a school shooting and they went back to arguing contrite stuff like gun control and whether a woman’s uterus was the government’s domain. Bullshit to fill up their monotonous days with something of value. Too bad it was the wrong kind.
The sheriff turned over the belt buckle with grim satisfaction. Damian was a bad guy, a really tried and true bad guy, but who had killed him? Was this just a lucky break, having one of the most feared human traffickers in the southwest picked off, or was there a bigger fish out there that they now needed to be looking out for?
“Least they saved us the time to try him,” the sheriff said.
“At least there’s that. So, no car in the garage or driveway, so I’ll assume that our killer took off in it?”
“That seems to be a pretty accurate assumption. Either that or they came together and only the one left. Either way, it’s the same in the end. Did you find a wallet or anything like that?”
“No, but I figured it would be burned up anyway.”
“Could be, could be. Go ask around a few gas stations. See if anyone was asking for directions or if someone noticed a fancy car heading out of town with a little bit of speed.”
“Sure, sure,” the deputy agreed. “Anything else? Should I talk to the state police yet or wait?”
“Wait and see if we get a description on the car. If we do, get an APB out immediately for it. Also, get in touch with border patrol. Most of these girls here were too young to have been through the system yet, but I’ll bet that somebody down there has seen at least one or two of them before. They may be illegals, but they still have next of kin out there.”
“I'll do that.” His deputy didn't flinch. He was a pro, but he avoided looking over to the area in the cellar they had uncovered during the search. The area was a pit that had been dug into the stone floor, beneath where Damian had been killed. The pit had been filled with girls, presumably waiting for sale. It was now filled with twisted, charred remains.
He no longer thought of it, but it was sad that the sheriff had become desensitized this way. He had seen so many Mexicans dead. Killed by the cartels, killed by the drugs they swallowed, killed by his own men as they tried to make stands. They had been his people just a few hundred years ago, born of the same native tribes, only they had grown up on the wrong side of the river. It did no good to dwell on this, which is why the old man did not. He had many children and grandchildren that he had successfully raised in America. America was a good country. Texas was the best state, and he loved his home. It was just sad and a damn shame. 
“All right then, get on it.”
The deputy got up and walked out of the room, already sending the other investigators scurrying.
Damian was a piece of shit, a real cocksucker, and the sheriff was glad to see him burned. He really was, and didn’t feel a damn bit bad about it. 
It was like Johnny Cash said, in the end, “God’s gonna cut you down.”  And he sure as hell did to Damian Abrudhera.

***

Deputy Mason walked out of the dungeon happy to be away from the stink of burning flesh. Ugh. It wouldn't be so bad if it smelled like pork, maybe some spare ribs, but burning Mexicans? Jesus, it was goddamn terrible. The house was just a skeleton, and he picked his way carefully out to the road, passing firefighters and arson investigators. 
He thumbed his radio. “We need a full CSU response team over here on Peach Grove.”
 He didn’t want to say too much over the radio. There was this guy, Dick, the town’s newspaper editor, and once he heard “bodies,” on the radio, they’d have a thousand damn people with cameras shoved up their asses. Plus, Mason had some thinking to do before all this rancid shit got stirred up and displayed for public viewing and consumption. It would be a fucking circus when word got out. That was for damn sure.
He flipped open his phone at the same time as he pulled open the door to his cruiser. 
“Hey, Es. Hey, baby. I’m glad you’re up. No, I’m fine. Just heading home, though. Eh, it’s some nasty business this morning. I’ll talk to you about it when I get there. It’s… concerning. But hey, I was hoping you could help me take my mind off it a little. What do you say?” 
A grin crept over his face as he listened to the response. Esmerelda was always up for doing his bidding. She was the perfect little wifey.
“Yep. Yes, I think that will do just fine, baby. I like the one with the red hair. I know she’s a little older, but I really like the red hair and her hot legs. Good. I’ll be home in ten minutes.” 
Mason flipped his phone closed and smiled. He was going to have a little fun this morning at least, before he had to clear everyone out. It was already turning him on, and his arousal pressed against the zipper of his slacks. His flashing smile switched to a frown as he thought of the unpleasant task at hand here at the mansion.  
Now I’ll have to find another damn contact to get me the girls. Not to mention figuring out who he’d have to deal with in Vegas. After all, Damian had always handled that side of their business.
Esmerelda was waiting for him just inside the door of their home. It was a three-bedroom ranch, built just two years ago. It was cute and well cared for, and was the type of home Mason had always dreamed of living in while growing up, traveling from motel to motel with his worthless wannabe singer druggie mother. As he closed the door, Es threw her arms around him, pulling his chest against her. She wore a satin robe, which broke favorably in the front to reveal her ample breasts. As Mason gazed down admiringly at her bosom, Es started unbuttoning his work shirt, then pulling it off over his back and shoulders. 
When his chest was bare, she backed away from him, leading him to the edge of the sofa, where she leaned back and let the robe fall the rest of the way open down her front. Mason took full advantage, kneeling down in front of her soft brown body. She wrapped her legs behind his head and held him against her while his tongue did delicious things with her tender parts. Es pulled his hands up to her breasts, helping him massage them while his face was busy down below. 
She began to moan against him. “Oh, baby, that’s so good!” Her broken English was sexy, and he loved to hear her speak. He moaned something inaudible back which made her chuckle. Intertwining her fingers in his sandy brown hair, she pulled and kneaded it, just like he liked. This was what Mason liked. He loved to give her oral pleasure, and she wasn’t about to argue with him about it. Two more minutes passed with his tongue inside her, twisting, turning and then flicking over the top of her sex before Es finally climaxed. She screamed out in pleasure, vocalizing it enough that if they had neighbors, they’d be cited for the noise.
She rocked back and, since both hands were on Mason’s hair, she suddenly lost her balance and fell over onto the couch, laughing as she did. Mason, after a startled moment, joined her in laughter, and they both rolled about on the floor, half naked.
“Talk about bottoms up!” he said, laughing and smacking her tight bottom. Es rolled herself into a sitting position as gracefully as possible. Her black hair was in her face, but her almond eyes were still sparkling. 
“I love you, baby, no matter what happens. Okay?” Her words were like honey in his ears. Her accent elongated the vowels in a way that made him want her to keep talking.
“I love you too, Es. You’re my dream woman. Just perfecto!”
“Now come in here,” she said, swiping his hand to lead him into the bedroom. She opened the door, and the soft yellow light inside revealed his king-sized bed with its ample comforter. Laying atop the bed, bound and naked, was the redheaded Hispanic girl they’d gotten in last week.
Mason grinned wickedly, his cock pulsating at the thought of the girl’s awaiting hot pussy.
At nineteen, she was too old to be much use on the market, so they kept her around just for fun. She never tried to run. Not yet. In fact, he thought she was actually starting to enjoy their brief but passionate interludes. Mason undid his belt and let his pants drop, revealing his erection. Es put her hand on it, massaging him into a fervor. The girl made no reaction on the bed, but neither did she shy away from him.
“This is going to be the last time for her,” he mumbled to Es, who nodded, giggling like a schoolgirl.
“Turn her over,” Es said. “I want to see her ass.”
As the two closed in on Sasha, so did a twinge of fear. She wasn’t afraid of the rape. Years of it had made her numb to it. At least, that’s how she’d coped through all the rapes. Though one thing for sure, she’d rather not be tied up like a fucking pig. She’d been in this business far too long to let it bother her much. Too many rapes over too many years had numbed her soul into an emotionless vessel. No, her fear came from the cop-pig’s words. “This is going to be the last time for her.” That could only mean they were finally going to get rid of her, which meant she had no more time to plan her escape. The time was now. She had to make her move or die.
Her contempt for her keepers had started to blossom from some unknown hidden crevice inside, festering and drawing life like a cancer. It had developed enough to keep her watching, waiting for the most opportune time to escape. Now that it was approaching fast, she had to gather her wits and make every move count.
Survive. Kill or be killed. There was no in-between.




Chapter Eight


The lights of Vegas burned into Hayley’s retinas as the horizon revealed the skyline passing the mountains. It was breathtaking and sent a familiar tickle through her brain. She’d been here before. It was impossible to pinpoint how she knew that; it was like a childhood memory pressing to reemerge from the depths of an ocean within her mind. Nothing specific drifted up, just an affirmation she’d been here before and this place held all her destiny within its neon lights and flashing signs.
The buildings were an array of every color of the rainbow, and it was impossible to not gawk at the beauty of the city. There were no other places like this in the world. Somehow, she knew she’d been all over. A fucking world traveler and had almost seen it all in her youthful years. How was it that she could remember such random shit but nothing else? It was frustrating beyond belief.
Not only that, but Jay hadn’t divulged anything further about her. She wanted to choke the living shit out of the man, but he wouldn’t budge. It was to be told in Vegas. What she wanted to know would reveal itself there. The bastard probably didn’t know a thing about her at all and was pretending he knew her well. He probably just knew what he’d been told when he’d been sent to retrieve her.
But who had sent him? If she was the boss, who else would give the command to search for her? A partner? Co-owner? Jay obviously wasn’t her second in command or he’d be more forthcoming. Was there someone else in power that wanted her delivered back alive, or worse, dead? Maybe it’d been an order of dead or alive for all she knew. Either way, she was silently thankful Jay had so far decided to keep her alive.
“So when am I going to know more? We’re in Vegas already.”
Jay’s amused grin rubbed her like coarse sandpaper. If he wasn’t driving and she wasn’t afraid he’d veer off the road and kill them, she’d sucker punch him in the jaw. Curling her fingers tightly into a fist, she resisted the urge and waited for him to give her the standard answer he’d been repeating to her over and over again for a thousand miles. What was this inherent violent notion inside fighting to break free? Something told her she didn’t really want to know.
“I didn’t say the moment we got to Vegas you’d find out everything, but you will know fairly soon. We’re not that far from where it all began.” He paused and threw her a sideways glance. “Where it all ends.”
“What do you mean, ‘where it all ends’? That sounds a bit ominous, don’t you think?” Hayley caught a slight quiver in her voice. Maybe this uncomfortable feeling of dread creeping up her innards and gripping its tiny tentacles around her spine was wearing her down. A thousand possible scenarios raced through her brain.
“I promise you’ll be told everything. Really. Now it’s just time to be patient and wait. You might like what you hear. On the other hand, you might not. There’s no way to tell. You’ve forgotten it all, like some weird mental block or something. Why you’d want to forget baffles me.”
“Maybe there are things you don’t know about. Horrible things I’d want to block out.”
“Nah.” Jay shook his head. “I know everything that happens at Madame H.’s.”
Hayley shoved her fists into her sides, hugging her body as she pushed away all the possible violent ideas plaguing her thoughts. What if there were things he didn’t know about her, about her business? Anyone could keep secrets. Why not her past self too?
No one knows everything about everyone, right?
The lights of the Las Vegas Strip zoomed past like a hypnotizing streak of neon and taillights. Something about it felt familiar and comforting and yet full of doom. How one place could evoke so many emotions in a person was a curiosity. Hayley reached up to touch the cool glass of the window and felt the fading heat from the outside penetrating in like a constant friend reaching out toward her. Maybe the night would bless her with the memories she needed badly enough to be on this dark road with a stranger who held the keys to her life. Nothing made sense, but she was willing to bet it would be resolved soon.
Whether it was good or not was the question. 
“How long have we been friends?” she asked. Her curiosity couldn’t wait any longer. If only Jay would open up more about the past, she might feel more at ease. Nothing made it harder than arguing with him about timing. He wanted to wait to tell her everything, but she couldn’t wait any longer. 
“I’ve known you since you were in diapers.”
She turned toward him and scoffed. “You’re lying.”
“You wanted to know. I’m older than you by five years, and I remember everything.”
She watched him as silence ensued. Everything he answered left her with more questions. Was it even worth it to ask him any more, when it was just too much to take? After a moment, she decided it was. It was all worth it to find out who she was and what kind of people she associated with, no matter how much it would hurt. 
“How many of those years were we lovers?”
He paused, contemplating her question in-depth before he answered. “From the moment we laid eyes on each other.”
“Come on. Really. Can’t you give me a straight answer, ever?”
“It’s true. I knew back then you were special. There was never a doubt.”
“If I was so special, what happened to break our bond?”
Jay glanced at her, and a strange, evocative look passed over him. “Who said it was broken?”
“It is, you know. You and I. We’re broken. There’s no way a pair of people who loved each other for so long with as much intensity as you tell me could ever be too far from each other without the other suffering ill effects. If we were all right, I wouldn’t want to forget any of it. I’d cherish every memory, despite being in this fatal fugue, all fogged up in here.” She tapped her temple. “Regardless of how damaging our love was to either of us.”
“True. But you don’t know that yet. Maybe one of us was broken. Maybe the other is trying to not give up on them.”
She drummed her fingers against the door handle, feeling the hard surface under her nails. Something told her she was right. They had been broken a long time ago, and it had taken this mental block to bring them back together. Maybe there was no fixing what was wrong, but the mess she was going to walk back into was pulling her in like a long-forgotten tether which would never let her go, no matter how far or how long she ran. 
But running had gotten her nothing. It had brought her full circle, and regardless of what happened this time around, she wasn’t going to run away again. The demons had to be faced head-on.
“Would you do me a favor, Jay?” Hayley asked.
“What sort of a favor?” He kept flicking curious gazes toward her. The things running through his head were things she would love to pull out and sift through with a magnifying glass. She wanted to find the most impossible and darkest things she might ever discover about a person. He was a puzzle she wanted to figure out, a Rubik’s Cube that needed solving, but the longer she attempted to turn his fragments around, the deeper they bit into her fingers. Maybe he was unsolvable. Maybe he was the only one who could show her the way the colors went.
“When everything goes down or goes bad,” she said, “promise me you’ll be the one to end it.”
“What sort of bullshit favor is that? Why would you even ask me that? You don’t know what’s coming or how it’s going to go. It could be a good thing for you and me.”
Hayley sighed, closing her eyes and dropping her head back on the headrest. She hoped he was right. Oh god, she did.




Chapter Nine


Jay watched as she pulled her hand from the door and laid it in her lap. Her long, dirty blond hair draped around her like a curtain sliding closed across the stage. She was nothing but a mystery he thought he knew everything about. Maybe he didn’t know anything about her anymore. She’d had her secrets, that much he had discovered in the past week after she’d gone missing. How someone so close to him could retain such a vast well of things he didn’t know had blindsided him.
Everything about Hayley was his business. She was his piece of the game to play, and it was disorienting to hear her speak like they were doomed, no matter what was going to happen.
She couldn’t know that much; her memory was shocked. Stunned. It made him wonder how much she did remember. If she was hiding things now, it could prove fatal for both of them. He’d have to make sure she didn’t remember anything, especially what had happened the day she’d gone missing. It was fortunate he hadn’t been too far behind her when she’d torched the mansion. If he’d been gone just one more day, he would have lost her forever. He’d have to stay close to her and take care of it if it all came rushing back.
If it ever did come back.
“Just promise me, Jay. Please?”
He sighed, scratching the stubble growing out across his jaw. What to say to that?
“All right, fine. I’ll take care of it. I promise. But nothing’s going to happen. Trust me.”
But in truth, now that they were back in Vegas, in this brilliant desert of decadence, he was not the one in control. Hayley was his only chip. It was a big damn chip, no doubt, but it was all he had. For all his skills, there were so many more like him, and even though he was good—fuck that, the best—he really didn’t know if he would be able change the outcome of this endgame. 
Do I even want to? he thought.
What was it about Hayley that tortured him so? Her smoking hot ass, for one! But that wasn’t it. Her face was in his mind, always, and her words were in his ears every single damn night. 
You and I, baby, always….
No! 
He shrugged off the memory violently, shaking his head to clear it. It was lies. All lies. That’s why she was in his head, because of what she’d done to him. She was a master fucking manipulator and an authority in mind-fuckery. This could all be a ruse. Who else could convince all those young, naive girls to go out and sell their sex and mouths for her? She was a brilliant, deceptive monster. A sexual poison that rotted the soul away, bit by aching bit.
But she isn’t that monster right now though, is she? 
That was a thought that felt beyond his reach. That’s out of your depth, his adopted father would have said. But he pondered it nonetheless. She was Madame H., of course. It was her body he had loved so many times, her lips he had kissed, and her wicked mind that had committed innumerable crimes against women, men, anyone who got in her way. But it also wasn’t her. It was also the fragile, vulnerable Hayley under that mask of amnesia.
This was not Madame H., queen of illegal sex-trafficking in the Southwest. This was just a woman named Hayley who happened to share the same body with Madame H. That body. Oh yes. That body. Jay felt warmth flood into his face, and much, much lower as he thought about Hayley’s brilliant white skin and sexy, womanly curves. Oh god, that's what really did it for him. She was all hard muscle underneath, but covered with soft, supple skin which practically melted under his touch. Fiery memories rolled in of her legs wrapped around his waist, her hard nipples in his mouth and her hungry hands all over him, begging him for more. Pleading with him. 
Those were memories he couldn’t keep away, and for all his discipline and control, for all the mastery of emotions he’d taught himself, there was no denying the primal weakness for this woman. He hoped it didn’t get his ass killed. 
Not over a fucking woman. That won’t be the end of me, he thought. Well, it was always over a woman, wasn’t it? Always. Men were brought to their knees and laid out in pools of their own pathetic blood because of women. The tales were old, tried and true. Only a fool would deny it.
His street approached, and he took the turn quickly, the Mercedes’ tires squealing just a hair as he executed the turn onto Blue Diamond Road. Another few miles down and he was turning again, back on his home turf. One more swiftly executed right-hand turn and they were on a gravel road, heading into the unforgiving scrub desert. 
Ahead was the Red Rock Lodging, which was little more than a dozen small wooden cabins in a semi-circle with enormous gaps in between them for privacy. An old-fashioned style water tower hovered behind them, serving not only as a decoration but also as the only means of running water for the cabins. Out here in the desert, there really was no water unless you brought it, pumped out of the ground or piped it in, so each week the tower was filled by a tanker to supplement the small wells drilled into the earth all around the place. It’d been here a long time, and upon close inspection, the walls of the cabins betrayed their age.
In the center of the semicircle of small cabins, which probably covered a quarter of a mile, was a swimming pool which, though it looked like shit, was actually well maintained, with a single spiraling open-topped water slide for anyone who dared venture out into the daytime’s blaring sun and heat. It was a well-used retreat for the customers and staff alike. The small resort was a favorite of Jay’s.
This would be home for tonight. He had a lot of things to think about, and even though he was supposed to be bringing Madame H directly to the warehouse headquarters, they did not know he had returned to Vegas.
They could wait one night. She could have this one night for her troubles, couldn’t she? He stifled a pang of… what? Guilt? Regret? Sorrow? Useless sentiments anyway, he thought. The kind of shit that gets one killed, or worse, tortured. 
Brushing the emotional cobweb of shit away from his thoughts, he pulled the big sedan into the single spot next to the cabin he’d rented days ago. He always liked to have a backup plan as an escape or just another option. It was how he’d stayed alive so damn long in this crap business. One had to have not only a Plan A and B but make damn sure there was a Plan C, D and E.
He threw the car into park and looked over at Hayley. She was just staring at him, observing him with her tiny, beady eyes like she could see past his facade and deep into his blackened soul.




Chapter Ten


Hayley’s thoughts came into more focus as she observed Jay driving. He was thinking about her. She knew he was from the almost imperceptible glances he was flicking over at her legs, her hands, her chest. He was watching her. What was he thinking about? Was he thinking about what he was going to do to her? Was he reliving some old memories? Or was he just a boy looking at a girl? No, no, much more than a boy. This is a man, and he isn’t looking at me like that with innocence. 
Hayley watched him shift around in his seat then noticed the tightening in the crotch of his pants. Holy shit, he’s getting hard…. This kidnapping mother fucker was fantasizing about her! She almost chuckled out loud at the absurdity of it. He had shut her down hard last night. I wanted something hard, but his rejection wasn’t it. As she watched the tiny grin tugging at the corners of his sensuous mouth, she couldn’t help but smile faintly as well. She knew they shared something deep, she just knew it, but the memories still evaded her. Then they turned off the main strip, jolting her out of her thoughts. 
She watched intently as they made several turns that led to a desert road. She memorized those turns, locked them into her vault, which right now, had plenty of room. She saw the cabins coming up in the distance and formulated a plan. No, not a plan. An idea. A request to her mind to get an action plan going. He wanted her, that was true enough. His hard-on told her that much right now. She could not overpower him with her muscles, nor with her will, but maybe with her assets. My brain and some good fuckin’ pussy, she thought. Yeah. Just maybe she could get the upper hand.  
Jesus, do I really talk like that? She crossed her arms, feeling dirty and somewhat unclean at her perverse thoughts.
She did not know what his plan was. She didn’t know what fate awaited her, and even though she really wished she and this man were in it together and that he would somehow be there for her after all was said and done, well, she wasn’t about to take any chances. Plus, she didn’t trust him one bit. He wouldn’t fuck her, so what else would he not do for her? She still wanted to get laid. The ache throbbing between her legs told her that much. Even if Jay wasn’t good for much else, that much she wanted from him.
They pulled up to a small cabin, which, for all it was lacking, actually held a bit of charm. As the dusty sand puffed out into the night air, Hayley prepared herself for whatever this night would bring. She had to be ready.
Neither she nor Jay could have seen the tiny wink of a reflection on glass nearly a mile away.

***

In the distance, a man who’d been waiting for hours finally shifted the focus ring on his two-thousand-dollar telescope. He’d left the scope focused on top of the tripod, pointing at the two as they exited the vehicle. The man, Jay, scanned the horizon as he moved, but he didn’t see him. The man reached down and touched his throat radio mic. The radio signaled to a transceiver over five miles away, where it would then bounce through a scrambler and then zoom back into the heart of Las Vegas to deter any tracking. 
“They’re here.”
Static crackled in his earpiece as he waited for a response.
“You’re certain of this?”
He ground his teeth briefly, knowing it could be heard in the mic.
“Absolutely certain. It’s them. He has the woman. Just like I told you he would.”
“This is disappointing.”
“I told you he wouldn’t do what you asked. He wouldn’t just return her.”
Silence. Crackling, screaming silence.
Fuck! the man thought.
“Do not engage. Continue surveillance and let me know of any changes. I’ll be sending a team.”
“ETA?”
Crackle, crackle.
A small cough. He hated waiting on the sidelines.
“I’ll get the team ready. They’ll need to be outfitted first but can be ready in sixty minutes, maybe ninety.”
The man groaned at his employer’s lack of military precision. “Are you certain?”
Wait for it, wait for it.
“Yes. Don’t question me, soldier! She isn’t going anywhere if she came this far. Standby for now.”
The man nodded, frowning as he went back to his scope. The fireworks would be coming soon. He wished he could see what kind of fireworks might be happening inside that blasted cabin. This was Madame H. of all people, of course. She was there, and when she was involved, it always included a hot throbbing between his legs. He’d been watching her for years on and off, and she played a major part of all his innermost fantasies.
One day, he thought. One fucking glorious day, he’d give it all to her. Hard.




Chapter Eleven


The cabin’s interior was familiar, but Hayley couldn’t pinpoint why. She’d been here before; she was betting on it. Dozens of times. Had it been with Jay? How many lovers had she shared her bed with and spread her limbs dripping of sex? How many? There was never just taking when it came to such intimate things. It was always give more than take. Shell out the pieces of oneself with every encounter, every caress, every kiss, lick and thrust. It took something from each participant, leaving behind bits and pieces of one another whether they wanted to or not. She’d lived many nights and was betting she’d rarely spent any of them alone, without the comfort of a man. 
It was a soothing yet frigid thought.
“Another night in the same bed?” she scoffed. “Is it that impossible to get two beds? Why don’t I just take the floor?”
Jay snatched her arm before she could take another step into the room. She gasped, pulling back and yanking as hard as she could while kicking his legs, but he refused to let go.
“You’re sleeping with me tonight. I don’t care if you lie there or fuck me. I let you out of my sight, I’m dead, and you’re dead. So get over yourself.” He promptly let her go and sent her flying onto the bed. 
Her slender body bounced off the mattress, leaving her settled on her back. Lying there, she eyed him with a tenacious anger, hunger and contempt, filling Jay up with a longing he’d never known. 
There it was again, that damn fire she sets inside him with nothing but one look. There were so many pieces of her missing, but that look—it was there just for him. Remembering how hungry it made him to reach out, rip her clothes right off until her tits hung out for him to pull into his mouth and suck until the tips were red and raw, he licked his lips.
She liked it rough. She always had. He could see she still did.
He wanted to give it to her right then. Show her everything she made him feel and remind her just how much she wanted him. There was no giving up what they had. Even through the pain they’d caused each other, the multiple lovers, the deceit… it had him thinking twice about why this had all happened and how much they needed one another.
But….
He couldn’t take her back now. They’d kill them both. Wouldn’t they?
He shoved the thought from his mind. She was waiting for him, and he didn’t want to wait any longer. Her legs spread apart slightly, driving him forward to do exactly as he’d dreamed of doing since finding her again.
“Hayley, you know where this ends, don’t you?”
Her wicked smile played on the edges of her lips. They belonged to the same warm, wet pink mouth he’d seen wrapped around his cock so many times. It responded to the reminder, pulsating to break free from his pants.
I need her. Badly. More than she’ll ever know.
“It will end in the only place I want it to end,” she answered. He liked her feistiness, the way her eyes shined with a depth he could never fathom. Her soul held secrets he was sure to pay for, but right now, there was only one payment he demanded.
Give and take. That was the simple contract of this moment. 
Jay reached out, sliding his hands up her smooth thighs, relishing the gooseflesh that flared from his touch beneath her jeans. He knew they were there. There was no doubt about it. Her eyes never left his, igniting with a pinch of fear which drove him to go further and grab her pants, tugging them down to her ankles where her shoes got in the way. He pulled them off too and spread her legs, giving him a full view of her pretty bits. Cupping her ass with hands, he lifted her closer and kneeled to the ground. 
She gasped, anticipating what was to come. Her tension eased as his tongue slipped out and into her awaiting wetness. Each lick made her twitch at first, heightening her awareness and causing her to relax with each movement as he thrust his tongue inside and let her feel the pleasures she couldn't remember. 
Her moans increased as her legs spread even wider, giving him full access. Give and take. It was a chant in his head while he tasted the sweet juices from her orgasms and spread her wetness all over, readying her so his hardened cock could take her over and over.
And she was ready—more than ready—for Jay to give it to her. He unzipped his jeans and yanked his boots off with one swift motion. She crawled back on the bed, her eyes no longer slightly fearful but now vibrant with curiosity and desire. No, it was only a ravenous appetite to get what he was going to give her. She wanted it, and she undressed, tossing the rest of her clothes to the side and waiting as she watched him.
Her hands subconsciously moved to her hardened nipples, pinching and rubbing as they went along, all on their own, remembering all the things they could do to her own skin without her head involved. It was glorious and sent her over the edge without trying too hard.
It was something to see a person realize that the true power came from within.
He loved it when she touched herself. He had watched her do it often enough, for she loved to tease. He knew better than anyone she didn’t need any man to give her pleasure. She had given it to herself just the way she wanted it more times than he cared to admit. Even the women who’d shared her bed were nothing but playthings. Only Hayley knew exactly what Hayley needed, and it left all her lovers striving to be more to her, do more, give more. That was until she used them all up and discarded them for the next ones. It was her way. A succubus in the flesh, able to convince them all to bed her, give her pleasure and be left emptier than ever before.
But they were different. He knew it. He would give, and he would take. That was the deal. It always was.
As he took the loveliness of her body, aching for him, aroused and awaiting, he knew things would be different from now on. Maybe it was time she became only his. He was the only one still here, after so long. He deserved to be the one who got it all from her. Maybe this time around, he could convince her to do it. To make her his and only his.
But there were still so many obstacles between them, it’d be an almost impossible feat.
He approached the bed and slid between her awaiting thighs, promising himself he would get all he wanted from her once and for all, forever. And she would give it all back no matter what.
Even her stone-cold heart. Every last bit of it.
“I want it. Now,” Hayley breathed as Jay approached. 
She was still hot from the climax that had just rocked through her, causing her to grind into his wet mouth, pressing herself hard against him. Now he stalked over to her, all muscle and hard cock. She realized she wanted him with everything she was, and she wanted every inch of him inside her. So when he brushed the mouth of her sex with his own, teasing her lightly, she bucked forward, taking in the length of him within her. 
She let out a whimper of pleasure as he filled her completely. Warm fingers of pleasure shot out all around him, drilling into him into his very core. She was so wet she was dripping all around him, but she didn’t seem to care. She held him still inside her, deep, so deep. Then she slowly began to rock her pelvis up and down, carefully, slowly… and then… she screamed out as a mammoth orgasm flooded her body. Her head flattened back against the bed, and she whimpered. He was so deep, so hard inside her, ready for more when he took ahold of her legs roughly, spreading them wide, and slammed into her hard.
“Oh, fuck, oh, god!” she cried, as if she was feeling this magnificent fuck for the very first time. She put her hands over her head, grasping the headboard to brace herself while Jay continued fucking her. He picked up the pace, bending her legs over and pounding hard inside her, each thrust bringing her closer and closer until she screamed again, and fresh pleasure rushed around his beating cock. 
It was so hot and blissful inside her. She bucked into his thrusting, losing all sense of herself. A throaty growl emitted from her mouth, and she clawed at his chest, scratching the skin, and digging her nails into it. 
He loved the pain. It was sweet torture during sex, and only made him harder.
“Dammit,” he cried, moaning as his climax approached. He pumped furiously into her until he cried out, “Yes! Fucking yes, Hayley!” 
His body shuddered and slammed against her one last time. A hot, bursting sensation deep inside her made her breathe out as it filled her, pulsating and full of heat.
Jay collapsed on top of her, breathing harsh, ragged breaths. “Oh my god, Hayley. I’ve missed you so much, baby.” He pulled her closer, face to face.
Even though they had just shared the most intimate of all things, she was surprised and touched by this tender admission. She wanted to tell him she missed him too. She wanted to tell him things that would equal his passion, but really, she just didn’t remember.
So instead she cradled his head against her naked breasts, feeling his heart beating in a flurry within him, relishing the closeness. She liked this. This was something worth remembering.




Chapter Twelve


“Just stand there so I can look at you,” Hayley said breathlessly. 
She was flat on her back, staring up at his muscled form. He was illuminated by the clear moonlight streaming in from the window on the opposite wall.
My god, he’s like a god.
All thoughts of escape seemed to drift away as she took in his gorgeous body. He smiled, and it was in that smile where she saw years of history and something far deeper than lust. It was love. This man loved her. A shiver went through her at the thought. It was disturbingly personal… and intense.
He stretched his back, and she watched those perfect abs twist and ripple. All hard muscle covered in ink. From atop his delicious pecs and over his shoulders wound intricate tattoo work. From a distance it looked like tribal work, but here in the cool blue light of the moon she saw it was much more detailed than that. Every swooping stroke, every spiral, and indeed, every sharp edge was filled with an intricate web of lines and symbols. It was breathtaking to behold. A masterpiece of artwork over a truly perfect canvas.
She wondered if any of it meant anything more than just art.
The sight of him there, all muscles and tattoos and smelling of sex, was overwhelming, and without knowing why, she felt a tear come to her eye and pressure in her sinuses. What is this? She was completely vulnerable without her memories. It wasn’t pleasant, and she needed to know the reasons why she felt that way.
“Jay, I—”
She never got to finish the thought. From the window behind her she heard a tiny tink of glass breaking. Right before one of Jay’s cheeks erupted in a bright gash of blood.
“Fuck!”
“Jay!” she squealed, as he cried out in pain.
“On the floor!” he roared at her, dropping down to the old wood planks. His face was gushing blood all over the place, but he ignored it.
“Oh shit, oh shit! What do I do?” She pressed to the floor as they were showered in glass and debris. Bullets whizzed overhead, slamming into the back wall and spraying drywall all over them.
“Calm the fuck down!” he yelled, then reconsidered when he caught her widening eyes. “I have to get my gun from my bag in the closet over there.” He motioned, tilting his head in the direction behind him. The closet too was bathed in the same moonlight that had betrayed his position.
“But… they’ll see you!” she cried, afraid to move.
“It’ll be fine!” he hissed. “I’m bleeding too much though; we won’t be able to hide with me leaking all over the damn place. I need you to army crawl into the bathroom. There’s a big metal first aid box under the sink. Drag it in here.”
She nodded nervously.
“Go, now, and for god’s sake, stay low to the ground.”
“Ok, ok,” she said, starting to hyperventilate.
“Hey,” Jay whispered, touching her shoulder. It was painful to look at him, with his cheek torn open and blood pooling beneath him, but she locked eyes with him, and in his gaze he held her, took her in his strong arms and squeezed her tightly. “I’m going to take care of you. It’s just a scratch.”
Hayley nodded, and for whatever reason, she knew he would. Something told her that this man, rock-hard sex god and trained killer, would die to keep her safe. With the comfort of his words in her ears, she set off at a slow crawl. The old wood floor scraped against her breasts, and twice she felt slivers stabbing their way into her knees. She swallowed down the pain and crawled, inch by careful inch. Now she was hearing sounds outside, sounds other than the desert night. She heard low murmurs in a language she didn’t understand and the sound of bodies moving just outside the cabin. Oh shit, oh fuck, oh shit!
Just stay low and focus on what you’re supposed to do. She finally reached the bathroom—thank god the door was open—and pulled open the under-sink cabinet. Sure enough, there was a big white metal first aid kit. She dragged it out, trying and failing not to let the metal clang on the wood floor. She was backing out of the bathroom when someone grabbed her leg.
“Ahh!” she started to shriek, but stopped when Jay hushed her.
“It’s just me,” he said, sliding up into the doorframe by her. There was a bathroom window, but it was made of opaque blocks of thick glass. Jay propped himself up a little. “Okay, I need you to dress this wound as best as you can.”
“But I can’t see shit, Jay.” The moonlight that filtered through the tiny window was insufficient for the task.
“Well, you’re just going to have to. Grab a big non-stick dressing and a roll of tape.”
She did as he said, tearing open the big bandage.
“All right, stick it right on my face, over the wound, and hold it there.”
She did, wincing as he grimaced in pain when she applied pressure to the large, fresh laceration. The bandage immediately starting absorbing blood, but it did slow it down. Facial wounds bled so much, even if it was just a small slice. How did she know this? She wasn’t a doctor or nurse. Something told her she knew a lot more about wounds and injuries than she cared to recall.
“I don’t think this is going to be enough to stop the bleeding, Jay.”
“It will be fine,” he said, silencing her. “There are no arteries in the cheeks, so we just need to staunch it until it can be sewn up.” As she held the bandage in place, Jay started the tape and wound it around his head and over the bandage twice. “There, that should hold even if it gets soaked. This tape is sticky-ass shit.”
He looked like a war casualty now, like in the movies. Yet somehow, still sexy as hell.
“I can hear them right outside the cabin, Jay.”
“I know. Are you scared?”
“I am,” she said meekly.
Jay let out a sigh. “There’s not a single person in Las Vegas I can’t handle on my own.”
“But a whole group of them?”
He nodded. “That is the problem. That is the problem,” he mumbled to himself. “Stay here,” he said and slipped back into the bedroom. He came back a moment later with the sweats and shirt they’d picked up for her at a discount shop on the way there and tossed them in her direction. He also gripped a pair of black sweat pants, which he slid onto his muscled legs. 
“It’s only fifty degrees out there, but these will be better than nothing.”
Hayley nodded, watching with disappointment as he covered up. He was one fine man, and every bit of flesh he exposed she had savored. It had felt so good inside her.
“Hey,” he whispered, catching her staring. He leaned forward and kissed her on the mouth. “There’ll be time for more of that later; get those clothes on.” He winked.
Her face turned scarlet, and she looked away as she grabbed the sweats, hoping he didn’t see her embarrassment in the dark. Hurriedly, she dressed. “So what now?”
Jay pulled up his small, black shaving bag. Only it wasn’t a shaving kit. Inside was a nine millimeter semi-automatic pistol, a couple of magazines, and two dark, pear-shaped objects that looked like—
“Are those grenades?” she hissed, suddenly terrified. As if the guys outside the cabin weren't enough.
“Concussion grenades. Pretty much really loud frickin’ fireworks. These are our ticket out of here.”
“How?”
“Well, the douchebags outside are either relying on their night vision scopes or simply their night vision. Either way”—he paused, holding one of the grenades up—“these are going to fuck up their world. Follow me.”
They army crawled to the front door. For a brief moment, her leg passed in front of a strip of moonlight on the floor, and she heard another tink of glass followed by a thick thud when a bullet slammed into the floor next to her. 
“Be careful!” he whispered. Then they heard the sound of a radio by the front door. “Shit, they know we’re heading that way.” 
Hayley was terrified, sliding across the floor behind Jay, watching his muscled ass as he pulled his body along in front of her. At least it was a good view. He waved her up to him and pulled himself to a sitting position with his back to the wall right by the door. She pulled up next to him.
“Listen,” he whispered. She could hear the nervousness in his voice. “There are going to be two eagle-eyes out there sniping, one in the back, one in the front. As soon as this goes off, everything is going to go batshit for about ten seconds. Just hold onto me, and whatever you do, don’t stop running.”
Hayley was nodding, her eyes flitting around the room. He reached out and took her chin in his hand.
“That’s all we have, Hayley.” 
For some reason, the sound of him saying her name filled her with warmth and hope. 
“So follow closely behind me. They’ll be expecting us to go for the car, but we’re not.”
“Where are we going then?”
“You’ll see. Just stay close.”
“Okay,” she huffed. He could be so bossy, but she was damn glad he knew what he was doing. Or at least he sounded like he did. It just made him seem that much sexier to her.
“All right, here we go,” he whispered. “One, two, three.” On three, he yanked the door open half a foot. As soon as he did, it was peppered with gunfire—close-range gunfire. He tossed out one grenade then slammed the door back shut as several bullets tore into the room.
“Hayley, cover your ears,” he cried, then tucked into a ball with his hands pressed against the sides of his head.
She squeezed her hands to her ears as hard as possible. When the grenade went off, the loud concussive blast blew into her and smashed into her brain. Even with her ears plugged it felt and sounded like someone had smashed her head in and blasted an air horn into her ears at the same time.
“Holy shit!” she screamed. Then Jay grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her to her feet. He opened the door, saw the smoke and several bodies in pain on the ground, then they were running, sprinting over the gravelly earth. As they ran, he flicked the last grenade behind them.
“Eyes and ears!” he screamed.
Hayley screamed as she ran blindly, covering her ears. The grenade went off, blasting them forward once again. The world fell silent before a violent ringing whooshed through her head.
Hayley’s heart beat madly as she pounded after him, desperately trying to keep up with his lithe form. Five seconds passed, ten seconds, then the ground at their feet erupted in gunfire. It seemed to come from every direction, and it was getting closer. The bombardment of noise slammed into them, and she winced as her ears opened to the painful eruption.
“Jay! They're going to hit us!”
“No, they’re not!” And at that moment he changed course, dragging her straight toward another cabin. It took the snipers a moment to readjust, and in that time he had pulled her behind the back of the building. There was an enclosure that held the campground’s smelly dumpster. 
“Stay right here. I don’t think they can see us.” 
He left her standing against the back wall of the cabin. Her chest was heaving with exertion and fear. Copper-tasting phlegm filled her throat, and she fought the reflex to cough it out. Holy god, how did I get into this? Can’t I just have amazing sex without everyone trying to kill me?
Jay kicked through the door of the wood shed enclosing the dumpster. Chained inside was a big Yamaha VMAX motorcycle. He snagged the key from a hidden spot in the fence, and the bike’s big 1700 cc engine roared to life. He hit the gas and came spinning out of the enclosure. 
“Jump on, now,” he called to Hayley, who was watching him with wide eyes. Just the sight of him, all muscled and tattooed up, hunkered over the big bike, made her insides twist in sweet, warm honey.
“Goddammit! What the hell are you doing, Hayley? Get on!” he yelled.
“Okay!” she snapped, hopping over the back of the bike and gripping his waist in a tight embrace against his back. It was warm and firm, and she pressed her cheek into it, afraid to look around.
Would they die tonight?
“We’ll never get away,” she whispered, shutting her eyes.
“Yes, we will. Quit it.”
“How do you know what I’m thinking?” There was no way he’d heard her over the snapping gunshots.
Jay laughed. “I’ve known you since you were a child, Hayley. You’re either excited, horny or despaired. Always one of those.”
“Hmph. Fuck you,” she grumbled, then the VMAX’s motor roared beneath her. He revved the engine up high, pushing the rpms until they reached his desired point. Bullets began to rain down around them—the hunters had caught up to them. Jay slammed the bike into gear, and 113 foot-pounds of torque tore into the desert beneath them, peppering the men running toward them with high speed gravel, like jagged bullets. The tire caught, and the big bike launched into the air, wheelieing up high under the full-throttle acceleration.
Holy shit, I’m going to pee my pants! Hayley thought, gripping Jay’s torso with all her strength, her nails cutting into his chiseled sides. The bike set down and pounded away from the campground, straight into the black desert. It was the most exhilarating thing she had ever felt, almost as good as sex. Bullets continued to snap through the air around them, but Jay was juking and turning the bike, maneuvering in a serpentine way that prevented the gunmen from getting a good lock on them. 
The desert beneath them roughened; rocks and sagebrush peppered the landscape, making their path coarse. Hayley looked down and saw the heavy, knobby tires on the bike chew into the earth easily. But the sound of the bike was blending in with even louder engines behind them, and she risked a peek back to find that the men had given chase in a big Suburban.
“They’re coming after us!” she screamed out. Jay frowned at her screech in his ear.
“Not for long!” he yelled back.
She thought she heard him chuckle after that last part. Then she saw why he found this entirely fatal situation so funny.
Shit!
Ahead of them on the ground loomed a long, dark shadow. Only it wasn’t just a shadow, it was a steep, rocky ditch. 
“Holy hell, are we going over that?” Her fear slid up her throat, ready to spew out the contents of her stomach. Jay was out of his mind.
“You know it, babe!”
He gunned the engine once more, making it lurch over the ditch while at the same time Jay expertly hauled on the risers, bringing the front end up just enough for the bike to slam down on the opposite bank. He then jerked the handlebars, slowing the bike to a stop facing the ditch, and pulled out his pistol.
The suburban was making good time chewing across the desert toward them. Jay kissed the barrel of the semi-auto and aimed toward the lights. Hayley covered her ears as he unleashed a three-round burst in the direction on the oncoming truck. The truck faltered, swerving, then straightening. Jay readjusted his stance and sent four more rounds into the big vehicle. 
One of them found a target. 
She couldn’t see it from the distance, but a single 9mm round pierced the windshield and then cleanly through the driver’s head. He slumped forward over the wheel, and Hayley could hear the horn blaring into the endless night.
Holy shit, what a fucking shot, she thought. 
The truck didn’t slow enough, though. In fact, it gained speed as the dead driver’s foot jammed down on the accelerator. They heard panicked screams coming from inside the truck as the occupants realized they were headed straight for the ditch, and the Suburban’s five-star safety features prevented any door from opening while it was in drive. There was nowhere to go but down.
Jay smirked and turned away, revving the engine before taking off once more. They sped into the night where he intended to make a long desert loop, and then go—where? He didn’t know that yet and would have to figure it out. The only thing that mattered was they had gotten away in one piece.
They heard the truck crash into the ditch a few seconds later, the horn unrelenting, and Hayley could finally breathe more easily. Her heart continued its manic hammering as Jay raced across the foreboding landscape, avoiding boulders, small cacti and tumbleweeds in the desolate night, heading toward the lights of Vegas. She let herself relax and leaned against him now, exhausted by the exertions of fear and adrenaline. Her nerves were fried, and she was afraid if she really let things sink in, she’d burst into tears or start laughing hysterically.
Either one would be okay.
“Did you like that?” he asked over his shoulder.
“Fuck, no!” she shouted back, but then a pleasant twinge between her legs as she squeezed them against his hips made her reconsider. Jay was a machine. A sexy killing machine. Damn, it all was pretty exciting, she thought as the rumble of the bike’s big engine numbed her body. “You might have to take me to bed again to shake this off. Like really soon.”
“Ha!” he laughed. “I’m just worried about staying alive for now!”
“That’s paramount, of course. Where are we going?”
“I’m working on it. I’ll let you know when I figure something out.”
“Great.” Like that had worked out the first time around.





Chapter Thirteen


“Do you even know where you’re going?” Hayley tightened her arms around his waist, feeling the cold air biting into her skin. The impenetrable darkness of the desert felt heavy until they made it to the main road and were able to turn their lights back on. Jay didn’t stay on it for long, afraid they would be spotted too soon. Turning down into the neighborhoods once they reentered the Las Vegas Valley, the cloak of the residential areas hid them even more.
But it did nothing for her frozen fingers and face. They had to warm up soon. Even the desert turned into a pit of exposure if they weren’t careful.
“I told you, I’ll figure it out.”
Coming up on a park near the other side of the desert, they spotted people still lingering in the cool evening air. Jay turned into the parking lot and parked behind a brick building holding the main trash receptacles. Turning the motorcycle off, He pushed the kickstand down and hopped off. Hayley followed suit, hugging her arms from the cold of the early winter breezes. 
“I’m cold.”
“Just give me a minute.” His eyes darted around the dumpster’s shelter, eyeing the street both ways before relaxing and leaning against the wall. “I need to get to a safe house.”
“Wasn’t that what the cabin was for? A safe place to rest?”
Jay scratched his head, pressing his fingers to the blood-soaked bandage on his cheek before exhaling hard into the cold night. “Yes, but I’ve frequented it a lot lately. We have to go to a place I rarely visit. These guys are good. I had no idea I had a tail. And for who knows how long.”
“Do you have another safe house no one knows about?”
“I can’t be sure of any of them now.”
Hayley stepped closer, nudging his arm. He got the hint and pulled her into his embrace to let her siphon off his body heat. The cool air didn’t bother him; he was used to the dry desert winters. But she was so thin, he doubted she had any kind of insulation against the elements. He rubbed her arms and hoped it would be enough to keep her warm.
“What should we do? We can’t stay out here….” Her voice trailed off and shook as her lips quivered. She was fighting to keep her teeth from chattering. He could hear it in the strain of her voice. Her lips were already turning a darker shade of pink against her stark-white skin.
“I may not know of any, but you do.”
Hayley’s eyes widened.
“You told me something once. You made me promise to never go there unless I absolutely had to and to tell no one about it.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re a complicated woman, Hayley. You never put all your eggs in one basket. There are several safe houses across North America you kept ready in case you needed to find a place to lie low. You never told anyone where they were or of their existence, except me. Even then, you never told me the exact locations of them.”
“And this is helpful to us how? I don’t remember where they are.”
“You don’t, but I know someone who can tell us where you hid the locations for yourself.”
Impressed, Hayley peered up into Jay’s handsome face. His features were appealing, strong willed and sexy. The bandage on his face needed to be changed badly, but it had slowed the blood flow enough that it was no longer dripping. 
“How do I find this… person?”
“I’ll take you there.”
“How do you know they haven't gotten to them already?”
Jay cupped her chin, boring his dark eyes into her. “Because you never told anyone about them besides me.”
She nodded. There wasn’t much more to ask. They would find this person and maybe they would have answers for her. Something Jay no longer had.
“Why are they trying to kill us?”
Jay sighed, letting his head fall back onto the block wall. “I don’t know. I didn’t expect it. I’m pretty good at knowing these kinds of things and preventing them from happening. Not this time. I’ve been blindsided, and I have to do some digging to discover who’s behind this. If they want you dead, there’s no way we can return home now. If this person doesn’t know anything that can help us, we’re done here. On our own. We’ll have to leave the country.”
The thought of running again made her blood heat up in a rage. Why would someone do this to her? Had she been such a horrible person before all this happened? Who had she let down to accrue such a wrath that they’d want her dead? On top of that, they wanted Jay dead too.
They were on each other’s side no matter what now.
“Who’s this person we have to see? Are they here in Vegas?” she asked. Her voice was no longer frantic but an eerie calm which caused her some discomfort. It was disorienting to hear herself talk so seriously, like she had a mission, and nothing was going to stand in her way. Not a bullet, not Jay. Not even the horde of killers on their tail.
“Alejandro Mraz.”
She racked her brain again to find any familiarity to that name, but found none. A man. She had trusted a man over a woman? Why did that sound strange to her? Did she not have any female friends?
“Is he close?”
“He’s on the other side of town, near Sunrise Mountain. He has a few acres there and keeps himself secluded.”
She peered up at Jay, taking in his determination and hoping he didn’t have any hidden agendas.
“And you’ve never visited this man before?”
He shook his head. “No. I had no reason to check him out. You told me not to bother or speak of him again. So I didn’t.”
“Did you always do as I asked?”
Jay chuckled. Hayley was starting to show more and more characteristics of her old self, and it was more than amusing to see them surfacing.
“No. I didn’t.”
“How do I know you’re telling me the truth?”
“I have no reason to lie to you.”
He pulled her close and squeezed enough to make her gasp. To bystanders, it looked like they were about to kiss, but he knew Hayley understood it was more of a challenge than a lover’s embrace. 
Instead of looking frightened, it appeared to turn her on. Her lips were inches from him, parted and enticing him with their soft promises. Her hooded eyes twinkled with the wickedness that often passed over Madame H.’s expression every time he demanded something from her, whether it be sex, backup or cooperation. She’d made him pay for every favor he asked, and this was the same look she always gave him before she twisted the knife in his side and negotiated her own demands.
It stirred his loins, and he fought to keep it under control in the middle of this godforsaken park. If they’d been alone, he would have turned her around, ripped her sweats off and fucked her from behind. His desire burst through his insides like a violent storm, and he breathed hard and fast to keep his urge under control, nostrils flaring.
Madame H. had this effect on him all the time. She’d been the only one to evoke such a desperate response from him. Almost the only one who could make him feel anything besides the constant hollow emptiness of his non-existent soul—almost.
Maybe her old self was returning faster than either them could tell. Maybe… maybe she was lying about not remembering anything and held more expensive secrets than Fort Knox.
“I think it’s time we pay this Alejandro a visit.” Her lusty voice was too much to bear. He agreed and abruptly let her go. The disappointment on her face was worth it as he mounted the bike again, bringing it to life with a roar. 
“Get on.”
Hayley obeyed, straddling the seat behind Jay and circling her arms around his chest as he kicked the kickstand. Pushing off, they sped through the parking lot and back onto the road. He had to avoid the main road and took several turns before getting to the right one that would take them where he wanted to go.
He had lied to her about not knowing who Alejandro was. Of course he’d been curious enough to go looking for the guy after she’d told him to keep him a secret from anyone else. It’d been years ago. So long that he hadn’t thought about the guy in forever. Whoever was chasing them had most definitely never heard of Alejandro Mraz.
The sound of his name infuriated Jay.
If there was any other man who’d finagled his way into Hayley’s life and possibly her heart, it would probably be Alejandro. The guy ran a ranch at the edge of the city where the developers had left half-built and forgotten expanses of land, no longer bidding to construct any new housing due to the high influx of poor and lower middle class into the area. The land was riddled with patches of desert and decrepit housing which had seen better days. The eastern side of the valley was where the immigrants, down on their luck, and outsiders gathered in hopes of a better life. Far from the lights of the Las Vegas Strip, it was the best place to disappear.
Just like Alejandro.
Jay doubted the man went by his given name and hid under the guise of some pseudonym. The rancher bred horses and shipped them off to other states for those in need of them. He had a tight-knit staff kept under his iron grip. Nothing got past the guy, and no one crossed his path. When Jay had looked into him previously, he’d found a trail of carnage leading all the way back to the dredges of Juarez and farther into the center of Mexico. Cartels, drug trafficking, human trafficking and any other unsavory businesses he could get his hands into.
Now he let his capos and lieutenants run the businesses down south, sending him his due. His frequent trips to check up on his interests with his most trusted sicarios ensured things stayed running like a well-oiled machine. Alejandro wasn’t one to be messed with, so Jay had avoided confronting him all those years ago. Even when he’d discovered Alejandro had been heavily involved with Hayley when Jay had taken off to work overseas for several years.
It had hurt him more than he could have ever imagined. But Hayley had never spoken of the guy again, so Jay had assumed they were through. When they got there tonight, Jay was determined to find out how close he and Hayley had really been. 
Not that he was afraid of being replaced by some psychotic drug lord. He just thought he’d known everything about Hayley. Every last, miniscule secret she’d tucked away. Apparently not. Discovering she’d hidden this from him without thinking twice had cracked his confident exterior and had sent him into a profoundly reckless mood. He wanted to know why she’d hidden this relationship and not any others. Why would she do that?
The things he’d done during those dark times when he was away were forever branded into the back of his mind. He hoped it had all been worth losing Hayley to this other man.
Brushing the thought away, he turned, and the road transitioned into dirt as they got closer to the ranch. Fencing and the whinnies of horses greeted them as they rode on. Other animals called out into the night as the motorcycle disturbed their rest. After what felt like forever, they arrived at the entrance of the ranch only to be met by guns and a spotlight pointed right at them.
“Come any closer and you die, caballero. Don’t fucking move.”




Chapter Fourteen


Alejandro Mraz was around the same age as Hayley and Jay, but hardened from the years of ranch work and dangerous living. His skin had a deep, rich tan to it, glowing from frequent outdoor labor. His fit body showed underneath his loose shirt and snug jeans. He wore a caballero's hat and well-worn boots dusted with desert dirt. He held a shotgun pointed at their faces, mainly Jay’s, and narrowed a threatening look.
“Alejandro?” Hayley stepped forward, unaware his name had come to her without thinking, but stopped in her tracks when his comrades showed up sporting their own firepower, aimed right at her.
“Whoa. It’s me, Hayley. This is my friend Jay. I need your help. Please….” She held out a hand, reaching toward him, but he never wavered.
They were goners. That’s what was going on here. Jay fought the urge to jump toward Alejandro, swipe the shotgun from his hands and put him in a headlock. He’d do it if he was certain he wouldn’t end up with holes the size of Mars in his flesh before he even got one step in.
“Why are you here?” Alejandro asked. He lowered his gun and waited for Hayley to answer. He didn’t need a weapon anymore; there were ten others pointed straight at them. Insurance in case either of them had something up their sleeves.
It’d be a damn good time to have a trick or two right now, Jay thought. But they didn’t. So they waited for a miracle.
“I’ve come to retrieve the information I gave you years ago. You know. About my secret safe houses. You still know about them, yes?” Hayley’s hands began to shake from hovering in the air too long. He felt for her. She was a strong woman, but far more fragile than anyone would expect.
Alejandro eyed her up and down, scrutinizing her sparse wardrobe and filthy knees. The both of them looked like hell, and it brought a spark of amusement to Alejandro’s eyes.
“You look like hell,” he said. A chuckle echoed in his band of brothers. All except for him. He glared at Jay “I remember. Why should I tell you with this... this güero next to you? You never trusted any of your henchmen. Do you want me to get rid of this imbécil?”
“Whoa, man. I’m her oldest friend. You don’t have to worry about me.”
One of Alejandro’s lieutenants grabbed Jay and shoved him to the ground. He found himself face first in the dirt with the barrel of a shotgun digging painfully into his injured cheek and a hard boot pinning him down. Blood slid from beneath the bandage, coagulating in the dirt.
“Errr.” Jay moaned, closing his eyes against the pain.
“Stop! Alejandro, please. He’s trustworthy. I swear it on my life!” Hayley begged. Her panic flared up on her face as she frantically pleaded. 
Alejandro focused on her, taking in her pleas with a hint of interest. He was apathetic mostly; his features rarely changed from the relentless hunter’s expression. Jay was willing to bet he could skin a man without batting an eyelid.
Moments passed as Jay struggled to breathe through the pain inflicted on his face. Alejandro looked more intrigued with each second, flicking his eyes from a disheveled Hayley to the man in the dust. What a sight they must have been. Especially Hayley, after all these years.
Finally, he motioned for his guards to stand down. They moved swiftly behind Alejandro but stayed on the alert. The man had his crew well trained, Jay had to admit. But the throbbing in his face made it really hard to appreciate.
“Hayley, in the flesh.” Alejandro eyed her up and down, drinking her in like a sweet cocktail. It made Jay’s blood curdle. “We have much to talk about. Come with me, and we can discuss these important matters of yours.”
She stepped forward into Alejandro’s outstretched arms. Peering over at Jay who was dusting off his sweatpants and cursing as the blood slid down his neck from the freshly opened wound, she pulled away and pointed toward him.
“What about Jay? Promise me you won’t hurt him.”
Alejandro chuckled, the first true emotion they’d seen across his face. He narrowed his gaze at Jay, his eyes full of twinkling madness. 
“Oh, I’ll take good care of your gringo. Don’t worry. My staff includes a doctor for things like that nasty gash on his face. I hope he won’t be too upset about his pretty face getting all mangled.” He tilted his head as he scrutinized him. “My regards. You’ll need a good amount of stitches.” 
He tipped his hat at Jay, but the gesture didn’t match the wickedness in his smile. “La doctora Jasmine will get that all straightened out for you, my friend.” He hooked his arm around Hayley’s waist, watching to see if Jay would lose his cool before walking away into the house.
Jay stepped forward to follow but was stopped by one of the guards. A woman. 
“You’re not going that way. La doctora is this way, caballero.” The woman wore a military-issue camouflage outfit and spoke with a thick accent. Jay glared at her but followed her around to another wing of the expansive ranch house. He watched Hayley and Alejandro disappear through a set of doors to the main house before focusing his attention forward and following the female guard. Two other guards followed behind them; he wasn’t going anywhere for now. 
At least the view was pleasant. The woman clearly worked out, and her scrumptious ass moved under her snug fatigues in a most desirable manner. He’d love to squeeze the shit out of those cheeks while she rode him hard. The snickers from behind told him he wasn’t the only one enjoying the view in front of them. 
Hayley was on her own, but from what he’d seen so far, she wasn’t going to have any issues getting what she wanted from Alejandro. The guy had it bad for her, no matter how well he hid it under the mask of a dangerous cartel leader. All Jay had to do was stay alive and under the radar while they were here. He could do that. Especially with that sexy guard and a female doctor to treat him? Why the hell wouldn’t he enjoy his stay? It was almost as if they were wanting to distract him deliberately. 
Somehow, Jay knew that was the plan all along. Too bad he wasn’t going mind one bit of it.




Chapter Fifteen


Deputy Mason, magnanimous sadist of the rural town of Marx, Texas’s police department, was deep inside Sasha Martinez. Sasha was on her hands and knees on the California king bed, Mason drilling her doggy style. He fucked her hard, not enough to hurt her, but enough that she wanted to turn and slap him. 
She wished she could touch herself while he fucked her. At least pleasure from her own gentle fingers would be nice. She moaned loudly through the doggy-style fucking, for she knew the moaning drove Esmeralda mad. The woman was bucking softly on the bed and grinding her slippery sex into Sasha's mouth. Sasha didn’t particularly like the taste, but at least it was better than semen. She had never gotten used to or enjoyed the overly salty, sticky male ejaculate.
Her hips moved to Mason’s rhythm while her tongue made a rhythm of its own, bringing Esmeralda closer and closer to orgasm before backing off, teasing her, and bringing the heat back up again. It was sweet torture, she knew, because that’s how she was taught. As she was fucked by her captors, Sasha thought back to life in Mexico. 
At the age of fourteen, her father had been injured in a farming accident. He survived but lost his leg and his livelihood. Her mother passed on when she was just a young child, so her father, his fourteen-year-old daughter and her younger brother, who was only ten, were left fending for themselves. Now they faced the real possibility of starvation. There was no welfare to assist them, no food stamps and no sympathy. For two weeks she had begged for food outside the local churches and managed enough to sustain her and her brother, but her father’s health declined quickly. 
That’s when she made the “big decision.” Sasha knew about the street girls, and she knew how they were treated. No girl wanted to be one of them. But those girls were paid for the things they endured. And that money bought food. And food could feed her family. It wasn’t difficult to start. She had seen one of those girls who wore a jean skirt that was too short and a top that showed her belly and formed to her large bosom, attracting all sorts of unsavory types of guys. So, at night, after she tucked her brother in, she sought the girl out. 
The girl was only sixteen, not much older than Sasha. When she saw Sasha coming, somehow she knew. She was shaking her head when Sasha walked up to her, and before she even spoke, the woman said, “No quieres esto.”
But then the girl, who in the eyes of the men who took her saw her as a woman, noticed the desperation in Sasha’s eyes.
“My family will starve. Please, won’t you help me?”
The woman reached out to her and touched her face. Sasha was beautiful. She had long, burgundy locks that were almost unheard of in Mexico and smooth light-brown skin. Her waist was tiny, and her breasts were already developed and ample for her age.
“Are you sure? It can be dangerous. Very dangerous and unpleasant.”
“Do you make a lot of money?”
“No. But I make enough that I don’t starve, and neither does mi abuela.”
“What about your parents?”
“They were killed in a car accident when I was just a niñita.”
Sasha nodded, feeling solidarity with this girl through their mutual suffering.
“My name is Anna.” The woman held out a small hand. It had a few tiny scars on it. She too was a beautiful girl. Her face was round, and her cheeks were full compared to Sasha’s thin face, but her eyes were large, and her lips were full, something the men liked very much. Especially when she stained it with her dark red lipstick and wrapped it around their cocks. At least, that’s what Anna told her. Her belly was a little larger than Sasha’s, which she would discover later was because there was a bastard child inside her. 
As Sasha licked and sucked Esmeralda's more tender parts, she thought about her first time having sex. It was with Anna. Anna told her that she would do it with her for her first time, because it would hurt less. So she did it to her with a finger, rough and hard, just like how the boys liked to do it. The pain was sharp, and the burn was much more than she’d anticipated, but after that first time, she never felt it again. She was an instant hit with all the men of the neighborhood, who all wanted a chance to defile her virgin body, making her bleed, making her scream, making her cry. Sickeningly, the more she reacted, even if it was in a faked pain, the more they liked it. She learned to act, she learned to lie to gain what she wanted by giving these men their innermost desires no matter how vile, violent and sadistic these wants were.
Then, when she was eighteen years old, her brother threw himself off a water tower, killing himself. There was no warning. Sasha never knew why he had done it. She suspected her father’s constant put downs and name-calling abuse had worn him down. That and the niños at school chastising him for his impoverished life. Regardless, Sasha blamed her father for her brother's death. 
One night, while her unloving father slept, she took one of her brother’s pillows and held it against his face until he stopped breathing. She had already paid a coyote five thousand American dollars to help her cross into Texas. She would leave no strings behind.
Goodbye to the streets of Mexico. Hello to a new life in the states.
The crossing was frightening but uneventful. What followed was not. Instead of being released, as they’d told everyone who paid in full would be when they arrived, she was taken to a “safe house” where she would be kept only for a week, they said, to make sure the coast was clear. A week turned into three months, and the safe house turned into a prison cell where she was kept between forced rapes. The worst of it was, now having escaped Mexico, was that she was still having to fuck strangers, only now they were fat, white men with tiny dicks, and she wasn’t even getting paid for it. 
So the story went until she was considered too old, tossed from pimp to pimp, whorehouse to whorehouse, until she’d outgrown her stay.
Her last move had been into the basement of the pig cop’s home, when she became a regular in their bedtime antics, a regular who had apparently run out of time. She snapped out of her memories just in time to hear Mason calling out that he was “Fucking coming!” Her heart pounded. She knew she had to make her move now.
The cord that had bound her hands had been removed and now just dangled from a thick knot at one wrist. There was at least three feet of the nylon cordage. As quickly as she could, she wound the loose end around her other fist, and just in time. A moment later, like he always did, Mason started to flop onto her back, exhausted, and he would let his body drape over hers while he kissed and bit her ears. Not this time though. She had a surprise for him. 
When his body flopped down onto her, Sasha heaved up with her strong core, raising her two hands up over her head and hooking the nylon cord under his chin. He was still in mid-flop, and his weight brought his head down into her noose. As he crushed down on her, she pulled against the cord with all her might, strangling him with same the nylon rope that had been used to bind her. Because he was smashed against her, Mason had no defense and no way to strike her, just his awful crushing weight on her back, but years of abuse at the hands of much bigger men than him had made her strong and resilient.
Five seconds went by, and Esmerelda sat up, wondering why the cunnilingus had stopped. 
“Oh my god! What the fuck? Let him go! Let him go right now you… you bitch! I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you!” She screamed at Sasha, but Sasha didn’t move, hearing the life slowly burble out of Deputy Mason. 
At least he got to go out fucking. I might too, she thought, especially when the Latin woman pulled out a snub-nosed .38 from one of Mason’s drawers. She has no idea how to use it, Sasha decided as the woman fumbled to cock a hammer that didn’t need to be cocked. She pointed the gun at Sasha, only a few feet away. She was trembling and terrified.
“Let him go you fucking crazy puta!” 
Okay, the dice are in my hand, fuck it, let ’em roll!
“He will die tonight, you filthy cunt!” she spat at Esmerelda, her thick accent somehow making the words drip with even more menace. To her credit, Esmeralda responded like a badass. 
“No... you will die!” She pulled the trigger, and the room filled with a flash and a roar, and Esmerelda was flung back by the .357 mag round that had been chambered into the little gun. Then the deafening sound receded, and Sasha knew she was still alive. 
Mason was not though. His head was blown apart, brains and blood dripping down over her neck and head. Holy shit, the crazy bitch shot him instead of me. Well, there were only inches between them. Sasha shoulder rolled him off onto the floor, his body flopping violently on the ground with a thump. By now, Esmeralda was on her feet, trying to figure out what had happened, but then a dropkick from Sasha sent her flying into the drywall behind her where her head hit a corner and bounced forward. Sasha pried the gun from the now unconscious woman’s hands then shoved it deep into her mouth, undeterred by the teeth she was knocking out. 
“Someday, when I am in hell, we can relive this moment together. Until then….” Sasha pulled the trigger, her hands steady and her focus sharp as ever. The gun bucked in her hands, shattering Esmeralda's teeth as its payload blew out of the back of her skull. The woman was deader than a rat. Sasha stood, sticky blood, brains and gore all over her naked body. At last, she was free. Free for the first time since she’d come to the land of freedom. How ironic was that?
Now I can start my new life, she thought as she stood there, shivering under the cooling wetness and bloodstains. A new life with none of this bullshit. But first… first she was going to right some wrongs. She had paid her way here and had still been turned into a slave. She intended to find every last person responsible for this treatment. If a girl wanted to be a whore, so be it, it was her damn body, but nobody, no one, should be a damn slave. Someone headed this operation, and that person was going to pay for every wrong done to Sasha and every rape she’d incurred by trusting these bastards.
“I will kill them all,” she said to the blood stained room. Only silence answered.
I will kill them all.




Chapter Sixteen


Alejandro led Hayley through his beautiful home, giving her the grand tour and history behind all the authentic decor. It was nostalgic, like a Mexican adobe villa. The plaster walls and variety of old country items warmed the interior and made it feel homey. Though it contained sleek and modern amenities, the house still held the air of a Mexican ranch. It was furnished with high-end couches, chairs and appliances, but the tile that covered the long counters and islands was traditional with its bright colors and imperfect surfaces. It was a remarkable blend of the old and the new and was kept immaculately clean considering the dusty outdoors.
As they passed a large bay window, Hayley saw what looked like another, longer house off to the side and behind them. She wanted to question him about it, but she still hadn’t figured out if his welcome was genuine or if she should be terrified.
Just keep on your toes.
Alejandro pushed open a large door made of huge wood slats and bolted together with iron straps. It looked like it belonged in a castle.
“Is this your room?”
Alejandro hesitated then waved her in. “This is the guest room, for our most honored guests.” As soon as she entered, the door closed behind her. Alejandro backed against it.
“There is no way out of this room, senorita.”
A nervous flutter began in her stomach. “Should I be worried about escaping?”
“Take your clothes off, now.” Alejandro’s eyes were hard, his words cold as steel. It lacked the furious desire she expected from someone making such demands.
“Hell no! I’m not here as a booty call for you, Alejandro.” She tried to sound tough, but then Alejandro pulled a large pistol from behind his back.
“Take them off, now. This will be your last warning.”
Hayley trembled then finally decided she just didn’t have the energy to fight him. If he was going to rape her, kill her, whatever, then so be it. After the shootout earlier, she was just… done. So she stripped. She didn’t do it slowly or sexily. She whipped her clothes off, tossing them into a pile. They were shredded and dirty from the previous struggle anyway and weren’t even hers. She didn’t bother to straighten her back or tighten her belly, those things she normally did automatically when in a romantic situation. Fuck him though.
“Turn around in a circle.”
Hayley put her hands on her hips. “Really?” 
A flick of the pistol, though, and she complied, twirling slowly in front of him. Then, as a bonus, she raised one leg and hopped in place, then the other, mocking him with her compliance.
Alejandro looked satisfied. Hayley didn’t know why, but he did. He replaced his pistol and took a step toward her then lifted her chin so that he could look into her eyes.
“Sit down, Madame.”
Hayley sat back on the bed, her eyes never leaving his. The defiance and venom that brimmed to their surface might have easily been mistaken for tears by a man not as smart as Alejandro. But he was not that kind of man.
“What do you want?”
“I would rather not use the gun, Madame, so do not lie to me.”
“I, uh… okay.”
“You are not wearing a wire, and I just received a text that your sidekick out there has no transmitting equipment on him either.”
“Of course not. We’re not cops or something.”
“Then tell me, Madame, what in the fucking hell are you doing here?” His voice had risen a notch. “Riding to my home. My home! In the middle of the damn night! Making all of my people come out on high alert to protect the house. Babbling about secrets that no one should be hearing out loud, secrets you know better than anyone, not me! There are bullet holes in that motorcycle, and there are most certainly people looking for you. You’re a mess. My kids are right down the goddamn hall, puta. What the fuck were you thinking?”
“I—I—kids?”
“Are you fucking kidding me? What the hell is wrong with you? Tell me the truth, and be careful, because these words may be your last.” He sat in a chair in the corner and held the gun up to remind her of its presence.
Hayley took several deep breaths, centering herself. The truth was all she had. “Alejandro, something happened to me, something traumatic, and I have lost my memory.”
“Bullshit.”
“It’s not bullshit. I woke up two days ago, and I had killed a man in Texas. I have no memory of anything. This guy Jay found me, said we were close. I’m in danger. A bunch of guys with big guns came and tried to kill us tonight, and we barely escaped. And I just don’t know what to fucking do! I swear I don’t even remember you. Jay said you might be able to help me get to a safe house that I told you about a long time ago. I don’t remember anything though, so I don’t know. Can you help me?”
Alejandro’s face softened a little. “This is pretty unbelievable, wouldn’t you say?”
She sighed. “Yeah, I guess I would. But it’s all I have right now. Jay knew I had a friend named Alejandro and that you helped me before. That’s why he brought me here. I’m so sorry. I did not mean to cause your family trouble. I really am sorry.”
Alejandro nodded. “You must have been close to that gringo to tell him about me, Hayley,” he said, startling her by using her first name. “You’re in a lot of trouble in Vegas. It’s been all over the circuits. You are a prized possession, dead or alive.”
She swallowed hard.
“Can you tell me anything about it?”
“I will tell you what I know, and that isn’t much.” Alejandro sat next to her on the bed. She felt oddly at ease next to him, even though she was naked. He felt… comfortable. 
“You are a slave trader, Hayley. You sell sex and women to bad men all over this country, and in truth, the world. The rumor is that you took payment for a big delivery then never produced the girls. This got some dangerous men very angry. Saudis, I believe, though I can’t be certain. So they came here to confront you about this problem because you have their money, you see. No goods, no money, no girls. That’s a dangerous game to play.”
Hayley nodded. “So this is all because someone didn’t get their women they wanted to enslave and rape?”
A crinkle formed in Alejandro’s eyes, and he smiled. “Señora, you really don’t remember who you are at all. These women, they are not people to your clients, they are products. The products must be clean, healthy and ready to perform. You house a lot of women, ready for sex, ready for sale. If the order was big enough, you might be talking about millions of dollars you owe these Saudis.”
“Do I have that kind of money?”
“I’m sure you do. The Saudis are just the tip of the iceberg though.”
She groaned.
“Indeed. You have a lot of competition. A lot of very unsavory, cruel people who have been waiting a long time for you to slip so they can take control of the lion’s share of the sex business. I’m willing to bet that your Saudi clients and your competition are in collusion now. In short, you are fucked, right and good.”
“Will you help us?”
“I will help you, Hayley. Shower and sleep, and tomorrow morning I will send you on your way to safety with a vehicle and guns. You will go into hiding, in your so-called secret safe house you made me promise to never tell anyone about, and you will confront your demons. There are clothes, guns and all you need here to disappear, as you requested I keep ready at all times. You will tell no one where you have been or who you have seen. Do you understand me?”
Hayley nodded somberly. “Thank you, Alejandro.”
His mouth was a hard line. “Hayley, I would be careful about trusting that man you are with. I know his face. He is a killer for hire. He is dangerous and wasn’t always on your side, like he claims.”
“Aren’t you dangerous too?”
He let out a brief chuckle. “I am, but a family man now, chica. I live on my ranch, run a business, and take care of my children.”
“What about their mother?” The question burned on her lips, but she felt she had to ask.
He gave her a long look that was strange, unnerving almost, full of an intensity she could feel in the depths of her soul. He shook his head a little. “Their mother isn’t involved in their lives. It’s what she wanted.”
With that, Alejandro left. Hayley watched him go then staggered, naked and exhausted, to an enormous shower. The filth of the day swirled down the drain mixed with blood from Jay’s wound and minor scrapes and cuts she’d received while on the run. The soap stung every bit of her skin, matching the stab of realization that her life was anything but honorable. She was the monster, not Jay, not Alejandro or those crazy gunmen trying to off her the moment she slipped up. She was the beast she feared the most, and it was no wonder she had run so far to forget who she was.
But the steamy water only did so much. She scrubbed her body raw like it was the only way to slough off the past, with the stinging stroke of the sponge. Her body ached in all the wrong places, and she hadn’t even gotten another good fuck to relish as she nodded off the way she would’ve liked. Finishing up in the shower, she wrapped a large body towel around her bruised body. Wiping the mirror to contemplate her reflection, she didn’t see an innocent woman trying to run away from blood, death and darkness. No, there was someone else peering back at her, amused and waiting to resurface from her temporary slumber with a crazed cackle.
I’ll be back soon. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of everything. They all will pay for what they’ve done. I swear it.
Hayley gasped, backing away and almost slipping on the wet tile floor. Glancing back at the mirror, all she found was her scared, wild eyes reflecting back this time. The murderous woman was gone, and there was no one else in the bathroom with her.
I’m losing my damn mind!
Who am I kidding? I’ve already lost it.
Sliding into the large, comfortable yet unfamiliar bed, she wept into her wet tresses. The soft comforter warmed her body, but there was nothing and no one else there to ignite the cold within. Wiping the tears onto the pillow, she then reached over to turn off the one lamp illuminating the old Mexican decor. In the unquestioning darkness, she squeezed her eyes shut until sleep overtook her. She was tired. Tired of the violence, tired of herself.
The funny part was that after meeting Alejandro—whose naked body now occupied her dreams in an oddly familiar way, filling her with sweet loving—she never even wondered what was happening to Jay.




Chapter Seventeen


“Whoa, tell me that’s not for me.” Jay held up a hand when the beautiful Latina doctor named Jasmine held out a curved needle and thread. Sure he had a gash on the side of his eyebrow now from being manhandled and his cheek continued to throb and ooze with blood, but there was no way he needed stitches. She had already washed off the copious amount of clotted blood that had dripped down his brow and face. That had been torturous enough, and fresh blood was already seeping from the wounds.
Okay, so maybe he did need stitches. Still, the needle looked like it was made for a horse’s hide.
“Just don’t move or you’ll lose an eye, güero,” she snapped in a heavy accent. He nodded, afraid of her threat coming true. He was a badass and could chop up a body for disposal, but needles were not a strong point for him. It turned him into a wuss he didn’t care to be.
And tattoo needles didn’t count.
“Okay.”
“This might sting a bit. Whatever you do, hold still.”
He held his breath, focusing on the doctor’s pretty face as the needle entered his skin. She had shot him up with lidocaine at the site, and that had been hell to bear too, even though it had numbed the area well. The tugging and the constant clicking of the hemostat opening and closing along with the flash of the curved needle had his empty stomach in a flurry. He tried to think of something else while she worked.
“So how do you know this Alejandro?” he asked. When moments passed and Jasmine didn’t answer, he figured she had to concentrate to work or didn’t want to answer. 
She stepped back, eyeing the wound to make sure the ends met. Then she broke the silence abruptly before starting on the gash on his cheek.
“He helped me save my sister when she was kidnapped and brought to the states. I was a nurse back in Juarez, the murder capital of Mexico, and I helped a lot of criminals with gunshots, stabbings and other kinds of injuries for extra money. You take whatever you can get down there. My skills were in demand, and he helped me find her. In return, I work as a medic for him.”
“I bet. That all you do for him?” He sniffed, and she glared at him, giving a hard tug at one last stitch. It stung and made his eyes water. “Ouch!”
“I told you not to move. Now I have to redo the last stitch.”
“Sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry. You can never be sorry. Just do as you’re told.”
“Yes, ma'am.” Jay smiled at her, amused. Her feistiness attracted him, and the slight blush on her tanned cheeks let him know she didn’t really care if he was moving or not and was enjoying the view too. 
He cleared his throat. “So, Jasmine. You stay here because you owe him a debt?”
The final click of the scissors she now held up told him she was done. She stepped back and admired her handiwork. Pleased, she replaced the tools back on the surgical tray sitting next to her and she grabbed a small packet, ripped it open and squeezed out an ointment before smearing it on his brow and cheek.
“There. Done. I put antibiotic ointment on it so don’t touch it. In fact, I’ll put a bandage on it until you shower to keep it clean.” She slapped on two large bandages, still acting like she hadn’t heard him. She ripped off her gloves and was about to toss them away when he reached out and caught her wrist. The female guard, who’d been watching the entire thing off to one side, stepped forward. Jasmine waved her off.
“It’s okay. I’m all right Carmen.” So that was the fine guard’s name with the luscious ass. Jay had to remember that for later. Jasmine lifted an eyebrow and motioned to her wrist. “Let go.”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
She sighed, tightening her lips. “I don’t owe anyone anything, anymore. I stay here out of choice. I live a good life here, and he pays me handsomely. Now, if you would kindly let me go, I’ll show you to your room.”
He let go and winked at the guard, who narrowed her eyes at him. “Sounds good. I’m beat.”
Jasmine led him out of the room, followed by Carmen. He hoped they would be joining him in the shower when they got to the room. His cock was already throbbing at the thought. Two fine Latina women to satisfy his every whim. Now that was customer service!
“Here you go.” Jasmine showed him to a large room at the end of a hallway and out of sight from the other parts of the house. Jay walked in and examined the digs. A king-size bed with fluffy down pillows and comforter beckoned him to lie down and doze off. Lord knew he could. But first, a nice hot shower or soak in the tub would set his sore muscles right again.
“Wow, nice place you guys got here. I have to admit, I didn't think Alejandro would be so forthcoming. I mean, this place is like a fortress. I honestly thought….” He turned around and held his arms up. Jasmine shut the door and held a gun pointed at his chest. Carmen was in the same position, with her machine gun ready and loaded.
Shit.
“Take your clothes off,” Jasmine demanded, motioning for him to hurry. “Don’t try anything funny. It just takes one bullet.”
“Whoa, now. No need for that.” Jay began slipping his clothes off until he stood stark naked before the two fierce women. “What’s this about?”
“Lie on the bed,” the doctor's voice demanded from behind, but he didn’t move until the iron cold tip of Carmen’s gun jabbed him in the rib.
“All right, I’m going.” He walked slowly to the bed and laid down. The moment he laid back on the pillows, the women put their guns down, reached out and tied his wrists to the headboard. 
“What the…?” It would be a turn-on if they weren’t armed. Nonetheless, they did the same thing to his ankles before he could protest further. He flicked his eyes between the women, widening them when he found them both stripping down to their bare skins and giving him a pair of wicked smiles. 
Carmen reached over and slipped the bolt lock into place, checking the door and turning back to Jasmine, who closed the distance between them and kissed the guard hard on her mouth while giving Carmen’s breasts and nipples a squeeze. His cock rose in response, heating up as his excitement increased. These ladies were lovers, and they were giving him a torturous show. So not fair.
Then Carmen pulled away from Jasmine, headed to one side of the bed and pulled out a blindfold from the bedside table. 
“Relax, gringo,” Jasmine’s voice whispered into his ear menacingly. “It will only hurt a little bit. Remember to breathe.”
The world darkened as she tied the cloth around his head. It was snug enough he couldn’t see anything with it on. The darkness of the room and their silence ticked off his alarms.
“What do you mean by ‘a little bit’?” The panic in his voice was unmistakable. He had to keep his cool, because if he didn’t, there would be no mercy.
A second later, a ball gag was shoved into his mouth and secured. He gagged and tried to tongue it out to no avail. Then he felt it, a small metallic object sliding across his chest. Its frigid wake sent terror across his mind as he realized it was a slender knife. Maybe a scalpel? Then one of them took his cock into her mouth, sucking hard and wetting his manhood to keep it nice and firm, jerking him off at the same time. 
Holy shit. They were going to rape, or maim, or kill him. He wasn’t sure which one it would be, and the sheer thrill and horror of it all was downright hot in a sick and twisted way. He hoped it wouldn’t be either of the latter two as the women continued to have their way with him.
He felt the frigid metal knife once more drag across his stomach and did his damnedest to keep his breathing under control.
Oh, god, put the damn knife away….
He couldn't see them, but he could feel them, and damn, could he feel them. Jay felt every sensation heightened as the two deadly, sexy women played their game. The light was still on in the room, but he could see nothing through his blindfold, which was a supple, soft leather. He was scared, naked and hard as a rock. 
The two women giggled at a spattering of words they spoke in Spanish. God, they sounded sexy as hell. Jay felt a hot, wet mouth descend on his cock again, slowly moving up and down. Then a warm vibration rang through him, and he realized the woman was humming with him still in her mouth. His hips started to rhythmically follow her movement, increasing the delicious pleasure rolling through him. He was breathing hard when the ball gag was roughly ripped off his face. 
He gasped. 
“What—” he started to say, then he was slapped in the face. Hard. Hard as shit, actually. 
“Don’t speak,” came Carmen's low, sultry, voice. He felt her moving around by his head and suddenly he could smell the sweetness of her sex right above him. She must be straddling my face, he thought, and his own sex throbbed at the thought. 
“You listen carefully, gringo. You’re going to go down. You’re going to do it good. And if you do it good enough, you might live to see the morning.”
The woman sucking his cock stopped for a moment, with him deep inside her. The pleasure was painfully intense. 
“But if you don’t do good, gringo….”
He heard and felt her shift over him and felt the cold steel of the knife cuddle up under his neck. Jesus, he thought, she’s pushing too hard! Jay couldn’t see it, but a line of blood had formed under the blade. 
“If you don’t do good, I will cut your pink throat.”
Holy fuck. The woman between his legs gave a giggle and snaked a hand under him and pinched his butt. His hips jerked involuntarily, thrusting him deeper into her mouth. She moaned around him, and he could picture his cock filling that sexy Latina mouth, filling every bit of it. He wanted to fuck that mouth hard. He wanted to come in that mouth. 
Reading his mind, Carmen’s deadly voice drifted down to him. 
“Maybe, gringo, if you are good.” Carmen chuckled at herself and lowered down onto Jay’s mouth. He opened it wide, inviting her sex in. His lips closed around her vagina, and he sucked gently and slid his tongue into her. She was wet and sweet. God, she tasted like fucking candy, and soon he was ramming his tongue as far into her as he could, desperate for more of her sweetness. She rocked on top of his face, grinding against him. Every few seconds he retracted his tongue and pulled her clit into his mouth, sucking the tiny organ up and flicking his tongue over it, softly at first, then harder. 
She responded by grinding straight down onto him. With her clit still in his mouth and his tongue flicking up and down faster and faster, he started to moan, letting the sound waves vibrate her clit even more, like a sonic dildo. That did it. She cried out in Spanish something he didn't understand then jerked against him, hard. He felt a flush of heat and liquid in his mouth and down his cheeks. 
The whole time she bucked and fucked on him, the knife never left his the throat. He was panting, just like Carmen. She uttered several more very pleased moans in Spanish then rolled off him. She climbed on him facing the other way and stuck her fingers in his mouth, pulling it open and holding his jaw. Then she kissed his open mouth. Her mouth was very wet, and her tongue danced all over him. It was like nothing he'd ever felt before. She kissed and licked him with a fervor that was anything but civilized. Her tongue was in his mouth, and he sucked on it, lapping up the sweet saliva. She bit his lip, hard enough to draw blood, he suspected. 
“Ah,” he cried out, but it was more from pleasure than pain. Never had pain and fear been so damn sexy. The hot mouth that was on his cock lifted away from him, and his body strained upward, seeking it again. Jasmine, the ferociously hot doctor, spoke to Carmen in Spanish. “Buena lengua!”
“Yes, he was a good boy.”
Jasmine’s reply was to take his cock into her mouth once more, deeper than should have been possible. He throbbed inside her, bulging and spasming with excitement. She sucked as she moved, slowly torturing him. One of her hands was doing things down there he would never speak of again, but it was more erotic than he could have imagined. The other was under her mouth, and now she pumped her hand up and down along his shaft, her sopping wet mouth sucking the head of his dick.
He didn't last long. 
After only ten seconds of this masterful fellatio, Jay cried out, “I fucking love Latin women!” Then he exploded, and the climax that blasted through his body was the most intense he’d ever felt. Arousal and frustration—and in truth, terror—had pushed him to the ultimate orgasm. Jasmine's mouth took him completely in as he came, and he felt her sucking on the hard flesh, draining every last bit from him. 
“Holy shit,” he gasped. Then Carmen ripped the blindfold from his head. He shied away from the bright light but not the sight of her hot body. Then she straddled his chest, with her rear facing Jasmine. 
“I need another, lover,” Carmen said to Jasmine.
Jay angled his head to see Jasmine climbing on top of him, kneeling behind Carmen with her legs parted. Then he heard the rip of Velcro and saw Jasmine attaching a leather harness with a large black dildo hooked to it. She grinned as he saw Jay watching. 
“You just watch and learn, señor,” she said sultrily. Then she entered Carmen with the huge strap-on, and Jay got to watch and feel as she fucked her on top of him. 
“Best night ever,” he mumbled as he watched the perfect, mocha breasts bouncing and swinging over his face. It only took a few minutes for his cock to start getting hard again. This night was far from over.




Chapter Eighteen


Hayley lay on her side on the king-size bed. She had slept, and slept well, unplagued by dreams or tremors of the nightmare she had been living. The bed was of a premium quality, offering her tired body support enough but with a tender pillow top that did not aggravate her many bruises and small abrasions. 
Sometime in the very early morning, a large, warm body lay down behind her. She did not stir until he put his arm over her, a large spoon in the darkness. She still did not startle but rose from slumber like a dolphin quietly surfacing from the ocean’s depths. 
“Do not worry, you are safe,” a smooth voice rolled over her.
It was Alejandro’s voice. She was not concerned by his closeness, just as she had not been uncomfortable being nude in his presence earlier.
“What are you doing here, Alejandro? If you came for sex, I’m too tired.”
“I did not come for your body.”
There was a long silence while Hayley listened to him breath. She smelled his cologne, a musky scent, mixed with fresh soap. It was pleasing, and she sighed happily, inhaling his presence.
“I do not know why I came in here,” he finally admitted, and his arm started to lift from her shoulder. She held it in place, his smooth muscles tender beneath her grip.
“Please stay. Just hold me.”
Alejandro let out a long breath, one he had held for much longer than she could know.
“Can I ask you something, Alejandro?”
“Yes.”
“Were we lovers?”
Another silence, then his voice poured out over her again. “Mas. Mucho mas, mi amor.”
“I—I don’t know Spanish,” she said quietly.
“I know,” he whispered back. He said no more, nor did he leave. Hayley backed against him so that they were spooned tightly together. It felt comfortable, familiar. It felt right. His scent filled her with a longing she never knew, but she couldn’t pinpoint why. She fell asleep again quickly, and in the morning, he was gone.
With dawn came soreness. Her body ached from the abuse of the last few days, not to mention that which she had endured and could not remember. There were voices in the house when she rose, and Hayley found a pair of clean jeans and a Western-style, button-up, short-sleeved blouse. Oh, thank god for clean clothes, she thought, and marveled that they fit her. There was also a pair of frilly panties and a utilitarian bra. It was perfect. 
After dressing, she emerged into his home and delighted in the smells of spicy chorizo sausage, peppers, onions and eggs cooking. Alejandro was there in the kitchen, working over a frying pan. 
“Buenos días, señora.”
“Good morning, Alejandro.”
Alejandro turned around, and in the morning light, Hayley saw he was far from fearsome or threatening. He only looked handsome, happy and whole. As she studied him, two children entered the room. Each hugged their father in greeting and laughed as he joked with them. She could see he was a man, a real man full of love, strength and power. His eyes crinkled at the sides when he hugged his children. They glanced over at her curiously before settling at the table with their already prepared food and drinks. They were beautiful, with smooth, fair skin but black obsidian hair and even darker eyes. Their father’s eyes. 
“Señora, this is Michael. He is nine.” Alejandro motioned to the boy.
The young man smiled. 
“And this is Elaina. She is seven.” 
“Very pleased to meet you,” Elaina said, her English perfect but with a soft touch of her father’s accent. Hayley smiled widely at the two. These children were so beautiful, and in the dirty world she had inhabited, their beauty was almost too much for her. 
“And it is very good to meet you,” Hayley finally responded. Alejandro ushered the kids into the next room once they were done inhaling their breakfast. As Hayley watched, he filled two large tortillas with the remainder of the food and folded them. Then he wrapped paper around the tortillas and placed them in a small brown bag. 
“Your breakfast, for you and your… compadre.” He gave her an awkward smile, which she returned shyly. 
“I’m not eating with you?”
“I’m afraid not. Danger is following you. You cannot stay here.”
Hayley nodded but was disappointed. She had felt so close to him last night, and she wanted to feel like that again. Plus she wanted to question him about his cryptic Spanish message to her. But alas, as they say, it was not to be. Alejandro nodded for her to follow him, and he led her out into his large driveway. 
The swath of asphalt was so wide that there was a circular median in the center. It was filled with decorative stones, large flowering barrel cacti and several stands of prickly pear. She turned back and looked at the house in the morning light. It was truly beautiful. Large, yes, but it felt more like a home than a mansion. The soft pink stucco walls showcased a clay tile roof, and copper awnings opened over windows with arched tops. She marveled at the exquisite simplicity of this place, a home that was made with both excellent design, a lot of love and most of all, strong enough to withstand an attack. She couldn’t help but smile. 
Then her thoughts were interrupted by the growl of an open-topped jeep rolling up the drive and stopping in front of her. Jay gave her a boyish wave from the passenger seat. A dark-skinned, paramilitary-looking woman was driving, and she looked over at Hayley with what could only be described as… contempt? Jay climbed out and approached Hayley. 
“Are you okay?” he asked, holding out a hand to her. She took it and squeezed it lightly before letting go. Jay looked well. He looked damn good, if she should say so herself.
“I’m fine. Did they take good care of you?”
The dark-skinned woman walked up and stood next to them, staring at her hard enough with those hawk eyes that she could feel them on her skin. Hayley thought she saw a brief flick of Jay’s eyes toward the woman, followed by an almost imperceptible twitch of his mouth.
This woman… Jay had fucked her, hadn’t he? She wasn’t sure if she felt jealously or relief at the revelation.
“Oh, yes, they treated me very well. Once they got to know me.” Again, that faint almost-smirk.
“Good,” Hayley said, smiling at him. He was certainly a handsome man, clean and in a pair of tight-fitting jeans and a tight gray t-shirt. His beautifully sculpted body filled out his outfit in all the right ways. Still, he was lacking something, something she didn't quite know or understand—yet.
“Señor,” Carmen said in a thick accent over Hayley's shoulder, “the jeep is gassed and outfitted as you requested.”
“Gracias, Carmen,” Alejandro said. “Was our other guest well behaved last night?” he asked with his eyebrows slightly raised. 
“Sí, señor. We did not give him an opportunity to do otherwise. He was confined to his room.” Carmen’s voice, while admittedly sexy, was monotonic, emotionless, brisk.
“Very good.” Alejandro turned toward Jay, giving him a knowing smile. “Mr. Jay,” he said, and extended a hand toward Jay. Jay took the hand and shook it firmly. “I trust you will take very good care of my friend, Hayley?” She saw the cords of muscles stand out on each of their arms in this societally accepted form of male dominance.
Fucking guys, she thought. Idiots. Jay’s mouth was a tight line, but Alejandro was smiling, undeterred. 
“The best care,” he responded with machismo.
“Ah, good. That’s very good.” Alejandro broke off the handshake and gestured toward the house. “Mr. Jay, there is a case of bottled water on the counter, just there. Would you mind grabbing that? I don’t want you two to get dehydrated.”
“Sure,” Jay said, clearly unhappy about being dismissed.
As soon as he walked by, Alejandro reached out, turning Hayley to face him. “Remember what I said. Do not trust that man.” As he spoke, he handed a leather and steel package to Hayley. It was a gun, small and black, which he tucked into a leather holster with a clip on one side. Hayley shook her head at first, but Alejandro silenced her before she could speak. 
“It's a .38. It doesn't kick, and there’s no safety. Point and shoot, that’s it. It goes here,” he said and turned her around. He tucked the small gun and holster between her jeans and her lower back, where the stretchy piece of fabric in the back of the jeans was suddenly explained. The holster clip was all that was visible on the outside of her jeans and was easily covered by her shirt.
“You planned this, with my clothes and everything?” she asked.
She heard the door open behind them; Jay was coming back. Alejandro pulled her close and touched his forehead to hers in a gesture that was both confusing and comforting.
“Señora,” he said, with real tenderness in his voice, “I truly hope that you do not remember who you were. Whatever happened to you, it was a blessing. Don’t look back.” He pulled away, leaving Hayley feeling confused and somehow empty.
Nevertheless, she waved goodbye to Alejandro and his cadre of, well, whatever these people did for him, and climbed into the Jeep with Jay. Once they were in and the doors closed, Alejandro walked up and handed her a piece of paper through the open window.
“Here are the GPS coordinates to the safe house nearby. Good luck, and be careful you two.”
Jay nodded at him, and Hayley said, “Thank you again, Alejandro.” He gave her a nod as Jay typed in their coordinates. Then they were pulling away, and Hayley watched with an unexplainable sadness as the ranch shrank away into the distance behind them.
“Whew, I’m hungry!” Jay said beside her. “You’d think the guy could have fed us, huh?”
“He did. Here.”
Hayley handed one of the paper-wrapped packages to him, and Jay immediately dug into the folded tortilla. 
“Perfect! Hey, he’s not all bad, I don’t think.”
“No, not too bad at all,” Hayley said quietly as she watched the desert pass by them. She didn’t know who Madame H. was to Alejandro. She didn't know who Madame H. was to Jay. She didn't know anything about this woman except that she was bad to the bone; a user, a pimp, and worst of all, a slave trader. The thought sent a frigid shiver down her spine. 
How did any person, especially a woman, ever come to think it was okay to profit from the misery and enslavement of other women? She didn’t know; she couldn't fathom it, but she decided right then, rolling through the scrub desert of Nevada, that she would right those wrongs, whatever it took. She could not let her legacy be one of the rape and misery of her fellow women.
I will fix this, she thought. I will fix it all if it takes my life to do it. I will. 
But first, she had to find out who was trying to kill her. She looked over to Jay, who was driving the Jeep like a badass, the way he did everything. He glanced at her and smirked. God, was he handsome, but what the hell was his story? Jay had told her they were together, be it on and off, and that he would take care of her, but Alejandro had said not to trust him.
What would she do with that information? Something inside her believed Alejandro, but something inside her told her otherwise too.
Crap, she thought. What the hell am I going to do now?




Chapter Nineteen


Most men will never know what it’s like to have a gun to their head. The fear starts at the gun’s barrel. The gun itself; cold, hard steel, uncaring, unflinching, and it’s that cold that prickles against your neck. The hammer cocks back, and a shiver of fear at the base of your skull turns into a hot spike of adrenaline, racing for the heart, coursing through the senses fast enough it makes a man think he’ll vomit. His legs wobble and his bladder loosens. It is a humbling experience.
Sheriff Cordoza stood stiffly just inside the door of Deputy Mason’s house. He’d come directly here from the scene of the fire after the deputy failed to answer his calls. As soon as he passed through the front door, a pistol was pointed at the back of his head, nudging him forward. He continued and stepped inside, his hands up in the air. The unknown assailant kicked the door closed behind him while he cursed himself for not telling dispatch he was going to stop by Mason’s home before heading to the precinct.
“What have you done with my deputy?” he asked. His voice came out rough and gravely, just like his appearance and personality. Even though he was afraid, he did not let the fear leak into his words. Fear was an enemy he couldn’t afford to dance with. “Is he safe? Have you harmed him?”
“El está muerto.”
Cordoza was shocked to hear a flat, female voice behind him but wise enough to keep his arms in the air. A female with a gun was just as deadly as any man. More so at times, he thought. Cordoza no longer spoke fluent Spanish, not since he was a boy, but he knew what muerto meant, and his shoulders sagged. 
“Hablas inglés? Entiendo un poco de español.”
“I speak english,” her slow, dark voice responded.
“Why have you harmed my deputy? Are you on the run? Are you looking for drugs?”
“Were you a part of his business?”
“I don’t understand. He was a police officer who worked for me.”
“So you are the boss man?”
“Yes, I am the sheriff of the police department. That means I can help you; I can make sure you’ll be treated fairly, but you have to give me that weapon.”
“Turn around.”
Cordoza did and found himself staring into the dark brown eyes of a young Mexican woman. Her face was beautiful but covered with splatters of blood. Her hair, a deep maroon, was tied back in a tight ponytail.
“Were you a part of his other business?”
Something in those eyes made him shiver. Or maybe it was the single eye of the revolver, now pointed at his face, that chilled his blood.
“I don’t understand what you mean. What other business?”
The woman leaned closer, and the gun’s barrel rested on his forehead. “The business of selling slaves, sheriff. For sex. Were you his partner?”
Cordoza flinched back as if he had been slapped. He tried to shake his head. No, not Mason. He couldn’t be involved in all that. Could he? The shock was splattered all over his face.
“No, you must be mistaken. He was a police officer. He protected people, he didn’t hurt them.”
The woman’s mouth opened into a growl, and she sneered at him. “I have been that pig’s prisoner for months now. I have seen him take many girls and sell many girls. Sometimes he fucks the girls, like me.” She backed the sheriff farther into the room. “And sometimes he kills the girls. Your pig policer officer did this if they are not good enough.”
“I—I….” The sheriff’s words failed him. His body shook, and sweat poured off his face.
“We will see for ourselves, if anyone is left. Go.” She waved him on, flipping the gun toward the kitchen.
“Where?”
“To the basement. To the zoo. That is what the pig called it. We are his animals. If he had more women, they would be there.”
Cordoza walked hesitantly toward the kitchen and saw the door next to the pantry that must lead into the basement. His legs were shaky, and he hoped to god he didn't have a heart attack.
Mason was involved in sex trafficking? Why?
He approached the basement door slowly. As soon as he was next to the tall pantry door, he flicked a hand out and grabbed the knob then whipped the door back as hard as he could. At the same time, he ducked down and behind the pantry door. The gun fired immediately, before the door smacked into the woman's face, knocking her off balance. 
With what dexterity he had left after sixty years, Sheriff Cordoza shot out of his hiding spot and shouldered into the woman. She went flying backward, tumbling over Mason’s low kitchen counter before landing in a heap on the dining room floor. Cordoza slid over the counter and pounced on her, yanking the gun from her hands. She was disoriented but fought like a damned tiger, swinging at him with her hands, scratching and kicking. 
Cordoza released the gun’s hammer and swung it down on the side of her forehead. There was a crunch, followed by a shudder. The woman fell into unconsciousness. Cordoza flopped back onto his ass, wheezing and holding a hand to his chest. Holy shit! It had been a decade since he’d performed a felony takedown, and he’d never been in a situation like this. This was just as scary as being in the jungles of Vietnam. At least there it was guerrilla-style fighting, and he hadn’t always seen his targets go down. This was a woman. A desperate and wild woman who would just as soon pull his eyeballs from his sockets as chop his head off. 
Actually, he wasn’t sure what was worse of the two evils.
After a minute of deep breathing, Cordoza checked the woman for a pulse. She was still very much alive. For now, at least. There was blood on her hands, face and neck, mixed with bits of brownish matter that Cordoza recognized as pulverized bone and brain matter. 
“Jesus Christ,” he muttered. The woman had shot someone in the head at point-blank range. Even the pistol he held had bits of shit stuck to it. Cordoza pulled himself to his feet and wandered into Mason’s bedroom, searching the home for his deputy. When he entered, he fell to his knees and almost threw up his lunch. 
My god, he thought, and the pain and pressure started back up in his chest. I think I might actually be having a heart attack this time. He pulled his small radio off his belt. 
“Dispatch, Cordoza, I’m code eight at 128 Marigold Avenue.”
“Go ahead, Sheriff.” 
“Code eight, one-eighty-seven, ten-double-zero.”
“Ten-four. Jesus.” 
Cordoza let the radio drop as the dispatcher relayed the information to any officers in the area. His stomach lurched again at the sight of his deputy, naked and shot in the face on the bed. His wife was on the floor, in nothing but a corset top. Her head was blown off. The sheriff shakily made the sign of the cross over his chest.
Time never went as slowly as the next few minutes did.
“What in God’s name happened here?”
He studied the corpses, feeling queasier by the moment. When he finally heard the approaching squad cars, he looked up to check on the crazed woman, but she wasn’t there. The spot where she’d fallen was empty, like she’d never existed.
“What the hell?” He jerked around, racing to check the rest of the house, but didn’t find her. It was like she’d been a ghost, disappearing without a sound and without existing. Except for his deputy and his wife, there was no one else around.
The gun was missing too. There goes the murder weapon.
At least that meant she did exist and was now free to go out there and kill more officers.
Or maybe she was done. God, he hoped so.
He mentally kicked himself for being so careless with the woman. He should’ve secured her with handcuffs before leaving her on the floor. He was getting sloppy in his old age. The comforts of a quiet life in a small town had soften him up like butter. These were fatal mistakes to make in such a critical case.
He momentarily thought of not mentioning the girl, but it might not be a good idea. Who knew what was on him from the struggle with the girl. Her fingerprints could be peppered all over the damn place too. He’d just have to own it; she’d gotten the best of him and was now nowhere to be found.
Straightening, he smoothed down his shirt and adjusted his belt, ignoring the slow, dull ache down his left arm. It was fading, but he’d have to get that checked.
He’d own it all right. It was the worst day of his career, but he was still alive. It had to count for something, no matter how little.




Chapter Twenty


“Do you think the safe house is… well… safe?”
Hayley shifted in the seat for the hundredth time. She’d been a bundle of nerves since leaving Alejandro’s compound. The entire situation was wearing on her as she worked through everything which had happened to them since she’d woken up in the basement, bloodied, without her memory. Oh, and finding out she was a killer. Alejandro’s affections, without really giving in to the temptation of relishing each other the way they’d both obviously wanted to, troubled her as well. They’d been something before. Something more than what she had with Jay.
And those kids of his… they looked mixed. Like their mother was fair skinned, even though the Hispanic blood bled through on their tanned skin. She knew those faces. They looked so familiar, but try as she might, there was no placing where Alejandro and his family fit into her crazy “Madame” lifestyle.
He hadn’t told her everything about their past. His well of secrets ran as deep as the rest of them, including Jay. Having secrets was the norm around here, and she wasn’t exactly enjoying it.
“I think so,” Jay answered. “Alejandro and his group seem like the kind bound by honor and loyalty. Whatever you had with that guy, it seems you had your reasons to trust him.” He flicked his eyes to the rear view mirror, constantly checking to see if they were being pursued.
“Yeah,” she sighed. “I wish I could remember exactly what those reasons were. It’s like everyone knows more about me than I do about myself.”
“It’ll come back. Sooner or later. Maybe this is a good thing. You weren’t exactly the most popular chick in this town.”
Hayley groaned, closing her eyes and tilting her head back.
“Thanks for reminding me. I’m starting to think I don’t want to know who Madame H. is. I just want to put everything behind me.”
“But you can’t,” Jay responded. “Not until this is all somehow dealt with and your enemies are six feet under will you ever get any kind of peace. Even then, I’m not sure how many people have it out for you, but I can tell you, from what I know, it’s a whole damn lot of them.”
She glared at him as they turned down a dirt road heading out into the desert. There wasn’t much out here except an occasional ranch, horse stables for tourists and canyons for sightseeing around the Lake Mead recreation areas. Wherever they were headed, it was pretty isolated and well hidden from prying eyes. It was a cold comfort.
“Here we are. Home sweet home.” Jay pulled the SUV into the driveway in front of a large ranch house. It looked abandoned and quiet, like no one was home. Even so, they had to be careful. There was even a garage to one side of the house where they might be able to stash their vehicle out of view of prying eyes. 
Hayley peered out at the large ranch house with a strange sense of déjà vu again. Ever since she’d seen Alejandro, the world had been different. She couldn’t even pinpoint how or why, but she was seeing places in an all-too-familiar light.
She jumped out of the vehicle and ran toward the front door.
“Hayley! Wait! We have to make sure no one is here,” Jay called out after her. She ignored him and passed the front door heading around the corner of the house. She was compelled to go there with every fiber of her being. She didn’t want the feeling to slip away before she found what she was looking for.
It wasn’t until she got to the spot on the side of the house that she realized what she was seeking. There, a loose brick, which wasn’t all that noticeable, caught her eye. She tugged at it and finally managed to shimmy it out of its tight spot with the tips of her fingers. Behind it was a small fingerprint screen on a metal door. She dropped the brick down and pressed her first finger to it. It lit up immediately, scanning her finger with a bright green laser. When it was done, a series of whirs and clicks sounded before the small metal door popped open and revealed a single key and piece of paper.
She reached in, grabbed both and shut the door before replacing the brick. Holding up the key, she grinned to herself. “Gotcha!”
“How’d you know that was there?” Jay asked, startling her back into the present.
Her eyes flicked from him back to the paper and key. “I don’t know. I just did. Isn’t that weird?” She held the key out to Jay, which he took and flipped over in his hands. She unfolded the paper to find handwriting on it that looked like a woman’s: all loopy, longhand and fancy.
“I wrote this. I think. To… myself.” Hayley glanced to Jay, who narrowed his eyes at her. He was suspicious, of course. Who wouldn’t be? She couldn’t figure out how it had come to her; it was like a paddle thrown to her in the middle of a still lake. Out of the fog, the tiny thread of a memory had slid out and told her where the key to her compound was.
My compound?
“What’s on the note?” Jay motioned toward the paper now clutched in her fingers. 
She’d almost forgotten about it. Unfolding it once more, she cleared her throat and read it aloud.
“If you’re here, you’re in deep shit woman. WTF did you do? You’ll find everything you need in our version of Fort Knox. There is no way in. Trust me. Oh, and in case I forgot a lot of shit, read my diary, bitch. -H.”
“Dang. You always were a potty mouth,” Jay snickered. 
Hayley threw him a sour look and snatched the key from his fingertips. As she marched back toward the front door, she hoped this diary of hers would tell her more than the note had. It all added up to how much of a bitch she was in her former life. Everything was going to change, she swore to it. Regardless of which way it was going to go, she was either going to exact a very direct revenge on the people trying to kill her or disappear into oblivion forever.
She was hoping for the latter.
She shoved the key into the lock and pushed the door open. It was heavy, more so than any door she’d ever pushed in her entire life. It must’ve been thick, reinforced metal, like for a bunker or a safe. Whatever it was made of, every freaking wall, joint and door was made of the same material throughout the interior of the ranch house. The windows weren’t real but more for aesthetic purposes on the outside of the house. In here, there were tiny slats of window to peek outside at strategic points around the house with metal plates that slid into place to cover them up when not in use.
The air was cool and fresh inside, leading her to believe that it was being filtered and pumped in from some source she couldn’t see. It was furnished comfortably and expensively, with sturdy furniture. She peered around, taking it all in as Jay shut the door behind them.
“I’ll find the garage and put the car in there. Wow. This is a fortress.”
She nodded absentmindedly. It really was, and she had built it for the purpose of hunkering down for a while. There was even a walk-in freezer and pantry off by the kitchen. How did she know this? She shook her head.
Memories were returning in random wisps, smacking into her head like punches. It made her feel like she was going under, and the claustrophobia creeping up into her chest grew with each passing moment.
Dark cell. Screaming. Girls chatting about going home. Wailing.
She closed her eyes as Jay left the room. Her hands shook, and she crushed the paper still held between her fingers.
“You’re relieved of your position, Madame H. It’s mine and my family’s now. But I am curious, I have not found your list of contacts anywhere. Do tell me where they are, or I will make this extremely painful.”
She shook her head, her entire body shaking and her breathing increasing in short, rapid bursts as the memory burned in her head.
“You’ll never get away with this. I’ll make sure you burn and scream into your next life. And if I die too, I’ll haunt your ass forever and make you wish we’d never met.”
He pulled her close, his breath hot against her neck. “I never regret anything, Madame. I loved every time we fucked. Every time you thought you were tricking me, sleeping with me, acting the part of my lover, I knew your true intentions. You’re mine to do with as I please. You have no idea what I’m capable of. You’re going to give me what I need, or I’ll prolong your pain until you forget who you are.”
“You’ll never do that. My man will make sure your limbs are severed, inch by bloody inch, and you’ll pay dearly, you and your family, for what you’ve done here tonight.”
He sneered, flashing his pearly white teeth.
“Your man? You don’t mean Jay, do you?” He chuckled, which sent an icy rivulet down her spine.
“He’s more of a man than you’ll ever be.”
“Don't be so sure of yourself, Madame. But perhaps you will see your Jay again, before this is all over. And perhaps—no, definitely—I’ll be fucking your sweet ass again, one last time.”
Not a second later, stars sprayed across her vision, and the world filled with bright flashing lights. He’d hit her hard, and Hayley’s lip was bleeding hot crimson liquid from the corner where her tooth had sliced into it.
“Mark my words, Madame. You’ll be begging me for death before I’m done with you.”
She glared at him, giving him every evil thought she could conjure. He laughed all the way up the cellar stairs into the house above. With the slam of the door, the incessant chatter fired up again behind her, where the girls sat in their cells lining the hall built underneath the mansion.
Hayley fell to her knees, her eyes blurred with stinging tears as her body trembled from the force of the violent memory filling her up with nothing but hate.
She was still tied to the chair, and her wrists burned from her attempts at freedom. As she struggled, she finally knocked herself to the ground where she smashed her cheek on the floor and laid there for an unknown amount of time in searing pain from her fall. Then she heard a distant voice coming from one of the cells behind her. 
“There is no escape, Madame H. This is your purgatory for all your sins. Pray. Just pray that he does it quickly and you may move from this level to another. Don’t pray for release from pain, for there is none. You’re already in hell, where we all burn, and there is no heaven. There never was.”





Chapter Twenty-One


“Holy shit, Hayley, this place has an indoor pool!” Jay’s voice was uncharacteristically excited. Hayley was sorting through the kitchen when he returned from scoping out the house. His smiling face was handsome, smooth, yet still possessed that ruggedness that drove her a little wild.
“There’s nothing in the fridge here, but I found a bottle of Fireball whiskey in the freezer besides other frozen food.”
“The freezer was on?”
“Yes, Alejandro must have had someone coming to check on the place once in a while. Either that, or I was, and I just don’t remember it.” Her words, and the realization of more lost memories, brought a frown to her face. “There’s a lot of canned goods in the pantry, enough that we could stay here for weeks or more if we don’t go stir crazy.”
“Hey,” Jay said, coming up to her and closing the cupboard she had been rummaging in. His brown eyes searched hers, knowing there was something wrong, but unable to tell what it was. Hayley looked down and leaned back against the counter. He lifted her chin up with one hand so that he could look into her eyes once more.
“We’re going to be okay, Hayley. I’m going to take care of you, okay?” He stroked her cheek with his strong hand then wrapped his other arm behind her and pulled her against him. At first she tried to resist, then let him take her. She leaned against his taut chest, feeling the hard muscles beneath his shirt.
“I’m scared, Jay.” Her voice came out much weaker than she had hoped.
Jay held her tightly, one hand on her lower back, the other resting gently on the back of her neck. She was aware, standing there with him, of just how easily he could overpower her.
Why would I think of that? He hasn’t shown any intention of harming me. Well, except for that initial kidnapping part.
Jay nuzzled his head down against her neck. He started kissing her, just little ones, along her neck and shoulder, then nibbled at her earlobe. It felt good, it felt damned good, and it sent little shivers up her back, which Jay felt. It fueled his growing passion, and he kissed and nipped at her more forcefully. She could feel him growing hard against her. She wasn’t really in the mood for sex, but he obviously was, and perhaps it would make her feel a little better.
“I want you to take me to the bedroom,” she whispered into his chest.
He needed no further prompting, scooping her off the ground and carrying her effortlessly through the house. His big hands held her firmly, and she could feel the muscles of his biceps bulging beneath her as he walked. 
He brought her into a large master suite. The king-sized bed called them to it, and he laid her on the comforter, which was a quilted silk with a pattern in gold-colored thread. It was beautiful yet somehow still subtle.
Like Alejandro, she thought.
Where did that come from?
She focused on Jay, on his hard jawline grinning at her with boyish delight and desire. Oh, yes, he knew how to please her, there was no question about that. And he knew he did too. He slipped her jeans off, and Hayley was glad she’d hidden the pistol Alejandro had given her in the bathroom. She remembered his warning to her before he sent her away. 
“Do not trust that man, he is a killer.” 
Hayley shivered. He may be a killer, but she was a pimp and a slave master. Was that any better? She didn’t think so, but then Jay was sliding her panties off, and she got a little distracted.
Instead of climbing on top of her like she expected, Jay pounced on her with his mouth, sucking and teasing at her soft pink folds, which were swelling with excitement. She moved and moaned as he took her sex in his mouth, pleasing her in ways she didn’t even know she needed to be pleased. It didn't take long, with his skilled tongue on her, for Hayley to climax. Her back arched, and her pelvis pushed down and against his mouth. 
Still he did not relent, his mouth taking her in again, that magical tongue still dancing its way over her tenderest parts, coaxing another orgasm out of her, and then another, until she was literally sore from the stimulation. At last she grabbed his dark, shaggy hair and lifted his head. 
“No more, I can take no more,” she wheezed, exhausted by the tremendous energy that had coursed through her body. Jay grinned at her, a heart-melting, panty-dropping smile. 
“Are you sure, Madame? Not like you to tap out so quickly.” 
Hayley let out a few more panting breaths. “I am totally spent. You did good, boy,” she said and patted him on the head playfully. He chuckled in response. “Now you go play while I take a little nap.”
Jay actually laughed at her this time. “Are you serious?”
“Yes, I’m serious. I’ll take care of you later,” she said, and pulled him on top of her. She kissed him on the lips. “Thank you for taking care of me, Jay. I needed that and didn't even know it.” She stroked his thick hair.
“I know you did, and as always, I am happy to serve,” he said with a wink. “I will leave you to your nap now.” Jay stood and looked down at her then turned to leave the bedroom.
“Jay,” she called after him, and when he turned back around she said, “Don’t call me Madame any more, okay? I don’t like it.”
Jay nodded. “I’ll remember that.” Then he was gone.
Hayley scooted up onto one of the bed’s many pillows. She blew out a long breath. That had been very satisfying. Strange as well, strange because while Jay was buried between her legs, she kept seeing Alejandro's face, kept envisioning herself kissing him, touching him. She shook it off and closed her eyes. Some early afternoon sex and a nice nap would take care of anything that ailed her, she was sure of it. Except all of those gunmen, the Saudis and the sex slaves, that was. But that would be tomorrow's problem.




Chapter Twenty-Two


Hayley fell into a sleep that she wished she could wake from immediately. She was back in the dark room, back with the man who was beating her. She had no idea how long she had been there. Her hips and shoulder ached from lying on her side. The floor beneath her was a dark concrete, coated with a greasy-looking black something. It smelled damp and raw. 
Her nostrils were burning from the stench of… what was it? She couldn’t place the foul smell just yet, but then a fist crashed into her face, and her head bounced against the concrete floor. It’s a dungeon, she thought, and she knew that she was a prisoner. Her eyes opened, and she tried to blink away the bursting stars in her vision and the bright flashes of pain that were blossoming through her cheek. She panted for breath. Why am I being beaten?
“Why… why are you doing this to me?” she croaked, finding her throat parched and sore. The movement of her lips caused pain to flare up, and she tasted blood in her mouth. In the dim light of the dungeon, she saw her attacker, hunched over her. It was Damian Abrudhera, in the flesh and very much alive. Not dead like she’d left him in the basement of his mansion. His dark hair was neat and combed back while his grey blue eyes shined with malice as he sneered at her. 
“What do you mean ‘why,’ you dumb cunt? Give the information I need!” He grabbed her chin roughly and twisted her head to face him, and he leaned close to her. “I’ve found most of the products, but there are several shipments that have evaded me. Where are they? Who is their handler? Why can’t I find them?” His voice rose with anger.
“I don’t have any idea what you’re talking about! What products? What’s a handler?” Hayley started to cry, and the tears burned down her freshly bruised and lacerated face. Through the tears, Hayley saw a confused look on the man’s face. His head cocked awkwardly as he looked at her, and she saw that his eyes were bloodshot with rage and probably cocaine. She choked on her tears and the pungent smell in the dark room. Sewage. It’s fucking sewage.
“You’re only causing yourself more pain by playing games with me, Madame,” the dark haired man growled at her. Then he spat in her face. The hot saliva mingled with the tears already streaming down her face and dripped off her cheek in a sticky glob. “I’ll be back tonight, and you’d better have some answers for me. Otherwise I’ll use the pear on you again.
Pear? What? What the hell is the pear? And what answers does he want? Hayley trembled involuntarily, and the man slapped her one last time in the face. The force of it knocked her onto her back, and she lay still, watching the gray ceiling as her captor moved out of the room. There was a loud clang as the door was shut and locked behind him. 
There was silence for a few moments before the low chatter of women’s voices drifted over to her. They were speaking a language she didn’t understand. She tried to move her body, to position herself in such a way that she could see the source of the talking, but her muscles would not give her anything. She was beaten, broken down, so she closed her eyes and prayed it was all a nightmare.

***

It was a nightmare, but it was far from over. She woke, still on the concrete floor. There was a queasiness in her stomach and her body was rocking back and forth. What the? Then she felt the fullness in her vagina, and the burn of the concrete against her bare ass. Her eyes opened and adjusted to the dimness. Her arms were pinned over her head, and her legs were spread open wide to either side of her.
Hard breathing and grunting came from the man on top of her as he raped her. His cock was jamming into her harder and faster with each thrust. He smelled like—she could not place the smell. He smelled clean, though. His head was bent down as he fucked, and she saw lines of muscles standing out on his arms. She was wet inside, so he moved freely, but it wasn't from excitement. Her body was simply responding to the situation in order to protect the tender flesh by lubricating it.
The man went in deep, deep enough to ache, and Hayley thought that if she weren't being raped on a cold concrete floor he might actually be a good lover. He made some deep guttural sounds and hammered himself into her in several hard bursts before finally climaxing. The force of his thrusts further abraded her ass, and then he pulled out and let himself shoot over her stomach and pubic hair. 
As he righted himself and let his hands drop down to his sides, Hayley took in his incredible physique. This wasn’t the same man who’d been beating her earlier. It must be his partner, or one of them. His abs were rippled and hard and topped by perfect pecs. His long, muscular arms were tan and covered with dark, tribal-looking tattoos that stretched from his wrists all the way up to his chest. He was a rugged, handsome rapist. 
Her stomach heaved, and she leaked a little vomit from her mouth. It burned in her throat. She tried to wipe it away, but her hands were bound by what must have been zip ties, since they were thin and warm like plastic. Her mouth opened to speak, but only a little bile and blood dribbled out. She must have been punched more. Maybe he did that while he was raping her, because her face was too sore to even speak. The man regarded her weakened, defiled state with what looked like a detached curiosity.
Then, suddenly, he leaned forward over her, and she could see clearly into his merciless eyes. When he spoke, it was like venom dripping from the fangs of a deadly viper. 
“And you deserve every bit of it, you fucking bitch. What does hell feel like?”

***

Hayley startled awake to find herself in her compound. Her chest was heaving, and she was trying desperately to get air into her lungs. She wiggled her arms in front of her and said a silent thank you that they weren’t bound. Just a dream, she thought, just a nightmare. It wasn’t real. But it wasn’t just a dream, not really, and she knew it. It was a memory. The image of the man raping her drifted up from the blackness that was her addled mind. The chiseled features, the hard muscles and the arm-length Maori tattoo sleeves. 
Holy fuck, she thought, it was Jay.





Chapter Twenty-Three


Breakfast was quieter than usual. The night had worn rough on them both, especially Jay. He observed Hayley picking at her food, sliding the bacon and pancakes around the plate and creating a messy trail of food. She was looking paler and thinner the longer they stayed here. It’d just been three days, but even with food aplenty, this woman was getting more waiflike with each passing hour.
“What the fuck is wrong with you, Hayley?” Jay shoved another mouthful of food in and chewed, his jaw flexing. She didn’t look up but dropped her fork and continued to stare hard at the plate.
“Nothing is wrong.”
“Bullshit.”
“You don’t understand.”
“I don’t understand what?”
“You’ve never had to step outside yourself and study the wreck you’ve become. You’ve never had to look at yourself with different eyes than the ones you’ve had your entire life. You don’t get it!”
Hayley shoved away from the table, and the chair went flying backward, crashing into a large vase holding a pathetic Ficus. A piece chipped off the vase and landed near Hayley. She reached down and picked it up, holding the sharpened ceramic in her fist so tightly a dribble of blood seeped from her palm.
“Hayley? What’s going on.” Jay was on his feet but hovered several feet away. Her disposition concerned him. She wasn’t really there, a ghost of the person she’d been the entire time they’d spent together.
Or lack of time. She’d refused his entry into her bed for the past several days. 
“You’re hurting yourself. Tell me what’s going on, babe. I want to help.”
She shook, hugging herself with her free arm. “Why would I be such a horrible person? Who would strive to be like that?” She lifted the ceramic shard, mesmerized by the blood trickling down her arm. “I don’t deserve to live. My legacy is nothing short of psychotic. I should let them kill me.”
“For what? They’ll just replace you. Don’t you get it? It doesn’t end. You either take back your throne and use your power to change things or you lie down and wait for death. I know which one you should be doing, and it’s not the latter. Get a grip!”
He reached out grasped her wrist, giving it a firm squeeze.
She gasped as her hand went numb and dropped the shard. It shattered into a dozen more pieces. She looked up into Jay’s cold, hard eyes, feeling nothing but hate.
“Was it you? Were you part of it?”
Jay furrowed his brow in confusion. “Part of what?”
A low, resonating chuckle rose from her throat before she began to laugh uncontrollably.
“In Damian’s dungeon. That’s what the girls called it. I was there for weeks, wasn’t I? You were his henchman. A double agent. You’re a liar and a rapist. You always wanted to do those things to me and while I was there, you did. You acted out every sick fantasy you’d ever had. To me!”
She was pummeling him with her loose fists, smacking his face, chest and whatever else she could reach until he clamped his hands over both of her wrists. Bucking, she struggled to pull away using her legs to jab at his knees and attempt to catch him in the balls.
In response, he twisted her around, pulling her into a tight embrace while holding her arms down.
“Shh,” he hushed her, breathing into her soft tresses. She was starting to smell, and he kicked himself for not noticing her lack of interest in mundane things like showering for the last few days. Her clothes were clean, but she wasn’t. Her mental break had worn down these basic needs; even her need to eat was gone. She would wither away if she didn’t snap out of it.
“You did this! You did this!” she screamed, still struggling to escape his firm grip. It was pointless; he was bigger than her, and her movements were no match for his bulging strength. Eventually she gave in, slumping in his arms, and her wails morphed into soft, self-defeated sobs. Jay slid down to the floor, still holding her, and cradled her as she wept.
When she grew silent, he checked to make sure she was still breathing. She was. She was staring off into the room, her eyes lost to the world. Slowly, he loosened his arms but kept wary of her movements in case she decided to jolt out of his lap.
“What do you remember, Hayley? Did Alejandro tell you anything?”
She bobbed slightly back and forth, her stringy hair falling over her face, but she didn't answer.
“What did he tell you?” Jay kept his voice calm and low, hoping he could coax her out of her delirium. She needed a bath and food. How she could think straight right now was a mystery. But he supposed she wasn’t.
“Hayley?” he asked again. 
“He said you were not to be trusted. Why would he say that, Jay?”
Jay inhaled sharply. It made her turn to look at him, trying to sponge off any emotion he had to offer.
There was none.
“Because like you, things change.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
Jay let her go and got to his feet. He paced, running his hands through his hair as he walked. Then, scratching the days-old beard growing evenly across his jawline, he stopped and glared at her.
“I was a monster. Like you. I’ve known you for years on and off, and yes, I worked for you too. I was with Damian because I was his enforcer. I made sure his products stayed in line. In exchange, I was paid well and got to taste whatever goods I wanted. When he got ahold of you, I was no longer working for you. He knew I knew you and wanted to make sure I wouldn’t betray him and side with you. He made me do things to you I wouldn’t have ever dreamed of doing. Yes, I wanted to fuck you again, like we had before, so many times. But this time, you wouldn’t have anything to do with me anymore.
“You see, when I left, you told me to never come back. I told you I was going to return. I promised. I had to save her though; I had to get her out. You didn’t like that, jealous bitch that you were. You told me to never come back, even though we were lovers.”
“Who, Jay. Who did you have to save?”
He lowered his eyes to her. They were filled with an eerie darkness and hatred toward Hayley she’d never glimpsed in them until now. It shot her fear up until she trembled and backed away as she got to her feet. He was dangerous, two-faced and unstable, just as Alejandro had predicted. She was more afraid of him than the Saudis, more than anyone else she’d ever known in her short memory.
“Her. She was mine, and you sold her. You sold her despite knowing she was pregnant with my child. She was mine, and you had no right to do whatever you wanted with her. Damian made me work for him in exchange for her freedom. But like you, he was a liar. He didn’t have her there at his mansion. He stowed her away somewhere, and I know you had everything to do with that.” He slammed his fist onto the table, and their breakfast plates shuddered with the force.
“Who? What are you talking about?” Hayley gripped her head as though his words were like acid pouring onto her brain. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“My wife, Hayley. You sold my wife like she was piece of garbage. She was mine! She earned her freedom from you, and you… instead of letting her go, you sold her. She was pregnant. Did you know that?”
“I don’t know… what… you  mean.” Hayley slammed her back into the wall, sliding down to the floor as the tears continued to pour. She was shaking uncontrollably, and blood smeared from her wounded hand across her face and hair where she dug her nails into her scalp, wanting to rip away her skin.
“Sasha. She was my woman, I was doing everything you wanted to buy her freedom from you, and you fucking sold her when you found out we’d married without telling you. I was still fucking you like you wanted me to. She still bedded the men you pranced in front of her and wanted to impress. We knew the deal. But then… you found out.”
Hayley shook her head. “No. I don’t believe you. I wouldn’t—”
“You did. You sold her to a worse monster than yourself. You I could handle, but Damian? That fucker was more demented than you’ll ever know. You worked with him on shipments and probably laughed at me and Sasha the entire time as you dealt us this card. I fucking hated you for that.”
He inched closer as he spoke until he stood right in front of her. She pressed her back against the wall, and he got onto his knees and put his hands against the wall on either side of her arms, his warmth embracing her body as he pinned her there.
“Now you’re going to help me. You’ll tell me where she is, and I’ll get her. Only then, when she’s safe again, will I ever leave you alone. Where did Damian take her?”
“I don’t remember!” She didn't make a move to get away. She’d given up. That much he could see. He reached up, cupping her chin with his hand. It was as large as her face, and he could just move it down a few inches to her pretty neck and squeeze just enough to collapse her trachea.
“You will remember, and I’ll be here when you do. Then you’re going to help me retrieve her, or I’ll kill you. Then you’ll leave us alone forever. You won’t hunt us. You won’t even think about us ever. Got it?”
She nodded, her cheeks red where he’d just squeezed them together. 
A bloody, coppery taste filled her mouth where her teeth had cut into her cheek. She licked it away, swallowing the despair she was feeling. Bits of memory were coming back to her, but they weren’t returning quickly enough. It was all a jumbled mess, like someone had taken a film, chopped it up and tossed the negatives around the room in a turbulent disarray of memories. The impact of the few snippets of the past had already worn against her sanity, and she wasn’t sure she could take much more.
One thing was for sure, she would have to gain strength, arm herself and outwit anyone who was trying to kill her. Including Jay. Then she would run so far away no one would ever be able to find her again.
She wobbled over to the table, slid down into the chair she’d occupied before and shoved the rest of her breakfast down her throat. It was flavorless except for the iron taint still coating her mouth. Jay watched her with an intensity she’d never seen in him before. Chewing the last bit of food, she chased it with the juice sitting in her glass. 
Filled up, she checked her wounded hand and decided it wouldn’t need stitches. Glancing back up at Jay, she smiled. “When this is all over, I don’t ever want to see you again.”





Chapter Twenty-Four


Jay imagined lashing out with a quick left jab, caching Hayley in the jaw and sending her into a deep sleep on the floor. He pictured her lying there, knocked out. He would strip her down, suck on those big beautiful breasts, make her body want him. Then, when she was wet with unconscious desire, she would wake and beg him to slip inside her. He would, of course. 
He would hold her down, hands over her head, legs spread out wide, and pump every last inch of himself into her. He would fuck her soft, then hard, then just when she was about to come, he’d pull out and finish on top of her, maybe even on her face. He’d leave her begging to have him enter her again. And would he? Maybe. Because he wasn’t over her, was he? He had loved her, loved her so deeply that the gash she’d left had never healed. He hated her and wanted her just the same.
He wanted to love her and make her suffer, he wanted it almost as much as he wanted his own wife back. He cringed at the thought of Sasha. She may not even be alive, but in his head he thought she must be. Her looks were nothing short of exotic. Rich, tan Mexican skin, black eyes and deep burgundy hair. She was one of a kind, and she would fetch a high price. He wondered if she still carried the baby. She better still have my baby. She’d only been six weeks along when she’d disappeared, not even showing. 
It was her pregnancy that had convinced him he needed to marry her, to make their bond legitimate, more than just a captor and prisoner. Even though Damian knew she was his, knew how he wanted to keep her, he still kept her locked away, unable to really be by Jay’s side. Damian was a damn bastard. A good-paying bastard though. And let’s be honest, he thought to himself. I could have killed him and taken the girl any time I wanted. But then the money would have dried up, and the money was just so damn good. 
It was money he was going to use to build an empire for himself, and Sasha, his queen, would be by his side, with his little prince sitting nicely on her lap. He would have strong muscular features like Jay’s and dark hair and a pleasant, kind face, like his mother. Jay would train him to be great, to rule when Jay no longer could. He would be like an emperor passing on his throne to his heir.
The thought brought a smile to his face, and then the bitch spoke and ruined it.
“What are you smiling at? How could any of this make you happy?” It was Hayley.
 Jay had zoned out and forgotten she was staring at him. He hated it when he blanked out like that. Her eyes dug into him. They’re looking for a crack, he thought, for a weakness. His jaw tightened. But she will find none. Jay stood abruptly, his chair falling behind him. He stared down at Hayley, her face still flushed from his palms. He wanted to fuck her, he wanted to hurt her, he wanted to love her, and he wanted to kill her. But for now I need her, so I’ll have to try to play nice, even though the thought of it makes me sick.
“I—I’m sorry I hurt you, Hayley,” he grumbled with as much sincerity as he could muster.
“Which time?” she shot back in that snotty way she had. 
The old Hayley is coming back, all right. Can’t just shut up for the life of her. He stilled his anger, though, and loosened his jaw so that his teeth were no longer grinding.
“All of them. I know that doesn’t mean much to you right now, but that’s because you’re hurt. Remember though, I was no more a monster than you. I still may not be perfect, but I’m trying to change.” That sounded good, right? He thought it did. In fact, it might even get him laid later if she started feeling guilty about Sasha.
Served her fucking right.

***

Sasha drove fast down the I-15 southbound, rarely stopping and pushing the car to the max speed while keeping her eyes open for highway patrol. She knew the trip would be long, and she did not know the way, but she was used to that. She never knew the way. All she had to rely on was her wits and her patience. During her time in captivity she had overheard a great many conversations. She knew the girls were usually taken to Las Vegas. It seemed to be the logistical hub of the sex trade in America, the one she had unwittingly been sucked into.
There was an uncomfortable movement in her belly, and she cringed back the discomfort. That too she would deal with, in time. Time. It was all there really was for a girl like her. She had come to America with hope and found that it was just another Mexico, with whiter faces and more money. There was no hope here, not for her. So she was focused on punishing those who had wronged her. It wasn’t right. She had paid her way here, dammit.
“Damian is dead,” she murmured to herself. She had heard the pig cop tell his wife that while they were both fucking her. She shifted at the memory, remembering the pleasant, warm fullness of his cock inside her—before she strangled him to death. “So that’s two down, him and the cop.” Esmerelda was just a bonus.
“Now I will find Madame H.” Madame H. was like Damian, only her empire was Las Vegas. Damian ran Texas, Madame H., Nevada. Sasha would find her and make her suffer, just as she had. 
Perhaps if there was time, if she could find a proper place, she would make Madame H. her prisoner, keep her locked in a cell for three months. Sasha was certain she could find men to come in and rape her. She would probably even get paid for it. 
The thought brought a criminal smile to Sasha’s face, the mistress turned into the whore. It would be poetic, it would be perfect. Sasha might even fuck the men too, for free of course, just to feel their hot bodies against her. She loved sex, she loved the rock-hard exaltation of climaxing on top of a muscular stud. The thought made her shift her legs, provoking a pleasant response from her sex. The roar of the Z35s six cylinder turbo vibrated through her, further entreating her lady parts to respond.
“There will be plenty of time for that,” she assured herself softly. “First, I must be patient. First I must find Madame H.”
Her stomach made another uncomfortable twist. Sasha was tough, she was fierce, but this pain was special, a moving wisp of fire deep inside her. She dropped open the glovebox and yanked a twenty-dollar bill out of the wad of cash she’d taken from pig cop’s house. He really should have been more careful about who he let see his stash. 
“He really should have been more careful about a lot of things,” she murmured and chuckled at herself. She pulled off the highway in Arizona somewhere—she wasn’t quite sure where—and rolled toward a gas station. She needed antacids, as strong as she could get, otherwise this nausea would prevent her from completing her mission.
As she pulled to a stop she thought about Jay. She shook her head. Jay was most certainly dead as well. He’d been one of Damian’s men, and if Damian had been taken out, Jay would have been with him. 
“Unless Jay is the one who took him out.” Hmm, the thought was intriguing and frightening at the same time. Jay had been an experiment, a failed one, but it had been close. Jay had fucked her just like he did all of the girls, but Sasha had given him something special. She’d reciprocated, she’d kissed his neck and his mouth. She’d massaged his body from his tight pecs down to his large cock. She’d done it with not only lust but intimacy. 
It had worked beautifully. Jay had fallen for her like a pathetic little dog in need of attention. She’d given him the best sex she could and had followed it up with loving sweet talk. Before long, he’d started promising her a way out. It had been taking too long though. Then she’d told him she was pregnant, and that had lit a fire under his ass. 
He’d been ecstatic… and panicked. He’d dragged a priest into the dungeon and forced him to marry them. What kind of priest would marry a rapist to his victim? she’d wondered, but then she figured the priest had probably been forced and was furthermore now probably lying in a shallow grave with one of Jay’s bullets in the back of his head. 
He had argued with Damian about her. She could hear it, all the girls could. They’d shouted furiously at each other, and eventually Damian had agreed to release her in one month if she began to perform like he wanted her to and brought in the money she was actually worth instead of being an ungrateful bitch like she had been. Damian would release her and give Jay a cut of the profit.
That was it, that was the deal. She shook her head. It was all about fucking money and fucking for money. She had worked so hard on Jay, so hard to earn her freedom, and he’d been too weak to stand up against Damian, too weak to resist the pull of the great American dollar. Jay was rich already, or so he’d told her, so why would he leave her there for more?
It was disgusting. Everyone used everyone for everything. But that was okay now. She doubted she would ever see Jay again. She hoped, actually. Because she was free now, and the last thing she needed was another dirt bag tying her up and holding her down. She would never be taken prisoner again; she would never give up her freedom. She would die before that happened. No… she would kill.





Chapter Twenty-Five


It had been a long day of doing nothing. Well, not nothing, actually; she had been spending her energy avoiding Jay. When he’d first come into her world, she had been frightened. Then that nervous fear had turned into a heat that had built up inside her until it ignited into lust. She had felt enamored of him, and damned if she wasn’t still sure he felt the same about her. Hayley pulled the clothes from her body and walked naked into the bathroom, where she had started a bath. The water was rising high in the tall soaker tub, and she found a red bottle of scented bubbles which she poured into the moving water. The bathroom was instantly bathed in the smell of roses. Huh, a pretty floral scent for the badass Madame H.? Whatever.
She waited another minute for the tub to fill, and as she did she gazed into the mirror at her nude form. She felt over her thin stomach with open palms then brushed over her breasts, causing a small shiver to run through them and finally up over her neck. Her fingertips delicately touched the spots along her jaw where Jay’s steely fingers had held her. She had light purple bruises there, just deep enough to be visible without concealer.
What the hell am I going to do? Hayley stared at the lost expression on her face. That woman in the mirror didn’t have the answers either. There were just so many conflicts. But I must focus on the one closest at hand. Jay was not a good guy, she had decided. If he would rape her while she was chained to the floor, he wouldn’t hesitate to sell her out to the Saudis or whoever else might want a piece of her.
“There’s no way I can trust him,” she said to herself. Hayley turned and dipped one long leg into the bath. It was hot, but the heat felt good as it penetrated, warming her all the way through. She settled down into the tub, letting her breasts sink below the frothy waterline.
If he has a weakness, it’s sex, she thought as she laid her head back onto the porcelain. So I can’t trust him, but perhaps… perhaps I can control him to some extent. A wicked smile crept over her face, a smile she did not know she possessed, and she closed her eyes. The smell of roses was strong and beautiful. In the warm water, her body seemed to melt away and become weightless. 
Yes, I can use sex to control him. It was an intriguing idea. After all, she was naturally equipped for such a task. She chuckled to herself. They call us the fairer sex, and we may be, but we are also the deadlier sex. Hayley should have been disgusted with herself; Jay was a married man, he was a killer and he had taken advantage of her. But for now, at least, she needed him to get her through this Saudi thing. And, she thought, he’s pretty good in the sack.
That he was. Hayley rubbed her hands over her body in the hot bath. She thought about the first time she’d had sex with Jay, the first time that she could remember, anyway. It had been hot and fierce. Her hands worked their way down her stomach and over the insides of her thighs. She thought about Jay naked, his torso rippling with huge, corded muscles, black and grey tattoos running over his chest and arms. Those tattoos did something to her, she couldn’t deny it. He would kiss her, put his tongue in her mouth and then maybe nibble on her lips while his hands found her breasts and caressed them softly. 
Her hands found a spot between her legs even hotter than the water, and she began to massage sweet circles around her clit. She pictured Jay sucking on her nipples, and they hardened. He would nip at them and flick his tongue over their soft surface. Little waves of pleasure would radiate from them. And then her would use one big hand to stroke between her legs, tickling her, teasing her, before he slipped a finger—no, two fingers—inside her. Hayley moaned as she slid two fingers into her waiting sex. Her back arched up to meet them, and she drove them in deep, enjoying the fullness. 
She pictured Jay slipped his big fingers in and out until she was raw with need, and then he would take his large cock to her, slipping it in slowly, then ramming it home. He would plunge into her over and over until she cried out in pain and in orgasm. He would fuck her rough, and she would come, in great waves, all over his hard cock.
Three fingers were sliding in and out of her now, and with her thumb, Hayley rubbed her clit until her body bucked and shuddered under the water. She let out an involuntary cry as the orgasm pulsed through her, causing her chest to heave and her eyes to squeeze tightly shut. Her fingers slid out into the bath, and her body calmed. That was nice, she thought before sleep overtook her satisfied body. 

***

Jay stood over the bathtub, watching Hayley sleep. Her bubbles had fallen flat, leaving him a clear view of her fantastic body, naked, resting just below the surface. How he hated this woman. And how he loved her. Against his wishes, he felt arousal building inside him. How easy it would be just to slide down into the tub with her, have her body wrapped around him. He reached out with a single finger and broke the surface tension of the water, sending little ripples away from it that obscured his view. That seemed to be his view of everything right now. 
His phone buzzed in his pocket. Jay frowned and looked down at the screen. His frown turned into a grimace then a sigh. He had made promises, promises to people he should not cross. Promises to people who had ensured him a huge payday that would set him up for life. He had to let go of Hayley. It was not only a necessity but an inevitability. She had an expiration date, and no matter how badly he wanted to keep her for himself, it simply wouldn’t work.
These feelings were maddening, and he felt himself swinging into another bipolar shift of mood. Maybe I could protect her. Maybe she and I could have something together? No, that didn’t make sense. He had Sasha, and he had his son, his prince. The phone buzzed angrily in his pocket again. There was a time and a place. He looked again at Hayley’s lithe body, warm and ready for him. He really didn’t want to give her up. He typed a quick response.
Hard men must make hard choices.





Chapter Twenty-Six


“I need a room.”
Sasha handed the motel front desk attendant crumpled twenties and eyed the short woman with salt and pepper hair watching her from behind the counter. Sasha needed to rest. She needed a hot shower and a meal too, but mostly, she needed to sleep. She’d driven almost nonstop from the fucker cop’s house to the small town of Mesquite, Nevada. Here, she was close enough to Las Vegas to be just a short drive away, but far enough her presence wouldn’t alert anyone who mattered.
Not that anyone mattered. Not even Jay.
She subconsciously rubbed her lower abdomen, feeling the flutter of life inside.
“That will be sixty-five dollars. Do you have a credit card for deposit?” The woman slowly and meticulously straightened the twenties with crooked hands ravished by arthritis. She must’ve been in her mid-sixties, and the remnants of a hard life were etched into every wrinkle of her leathery skin. She might have been a beauty when she was younger, but life had a way of squeezing that away.
“No. I don’t use credit cards.”
“I’ll need fifty dollars as a deposit then.”
“That’s fine.” Sasha tossed a few more bills onto the counter and straightened. She didn’t need any complications. She had money, so that wasn’t an issue. She had to remain untraceable if she was to find Madame H. and anyone else who was responsible for her torment.
“Here’s your key card. Room 142. Go down this way, to the right, and it’ll be on the left side, three doors down.” The old lady produced her change and slid the card her way. Sasha managed a smile on her hardened face, and the woman gave her a knowing nod.
There were some kinships only those with experience could ever understand. This woman must’ve sensed Sasha’s need for privacy and anonymity. Relieved, she took the key and headed in the direction of her room.
Outside, she paused as she stared out across the tiny expanse of the town. She felt eyes on her, but she couldn’t pinpoint where they were. Was someone following her? She scanned the darkening horizon but found nothing. Only dry tumbleweeds crossed the road toward the center of the dead end town. Nothing seemed to want to grow here, and she felt the deadening of the land around her. Beyond some buildings she could see the casino hotels looming like giants near the highway. This motel was off the main road but more toward the edges of the town and less likely to be noticed by anyone unless they had binoculars and happened to be peering in her direction from the nearest hotel tower.
She doubted they would even know who she was. Maybe it was some pervert jacking off in his hotel room as he watched beautiful women and prostitutes walk the streets. She felt tempted to flip him off but decided not to try her luck. Who knew if he was capable of taking offense, jumping on the elevator to head out to his car and drive all the way out here to disturb her rest. He could pump off to her image all he wanted to, she didn’t give one little fuck.
Pathetic.
Sasha made her way to her room, locked the bolt and chain and drew the curtains shut. Inside the darkened room, she tossed her bag on the floor and spread out on the bed. She’d fought the fatigue for days, and now it was creeping up in her periphery, threatening to overtake her. She had to hurry and shower before she collapsed from sheer exhaustion. She wanted to scrape the crud of the week off her body until it was shiny, bright pink and brand new again.
If only she could get back on her feet.
Sasha reached over and unzipped her bag. After grabbing a set of clothes, she managed to slump toward the bathroom and take that much needed, steamy hot shower. Afterward, without even changing into her clothes, she slid under the covers where the sheets sent pain scurrying over her body with every motion. She hadn’t slept well, eaten enough or taken care of herself for months. There wasn't much holding her back from sleeping for a week straight except the need to complete the mission embedded in her brain like a thorn that refused to be plucked. She had to finish this if it was the last thing she did.
Whatever came her way, she would be ready. But first she had to attend to the most jealous lover of all… sleep, relax, get high? She didn’t know. Sleep evaded her, like a lover refusing to bed her. She needed something to relax her nerves. That would help.
Reluctantly, Sasha pulled herself from bed, dressed once more and left the room.
As she went around the corner, she came upon a man in a dark ski cap and worn leather jacket paired with jeans, leaning against the wall. She didn’t slow down but walked briskly past him. He was lighting a cigarette. As he inhaled, the cherry glowed orange in the darkened entryway to the other side of the motel. 
“Hello, pretty lady. Care to relax?”
She stopped and turned her head toward the stranger. He kept puffing his cigarette like he hadn’t just interrupted her inner musings. His face was partially hidden by the cap and his week-old stubble. He was slender but toned underneath his tight jeans and form-fitting jacket. She could tell he wasn’t that much older than her, but he had probably lived a hard life of drugs, sex and possibly rock and roll.
And that was why she decided he was just what she needed. Dirty sex was a favorite of hers, regardless of what she’d been through. Especially with strangers. They had no stringent rules, no expectations, no follow through. A satisfying tryst with no strings attached. The best kind.
She stepped forward, coming inches from his body, staring hard into his dark eyes. He didn’t flinch but instead offered over his smoke. She smiled, plucked it from his fingertips and took a long, lung-expanding drag. It’d been ages since she’d smoked, but it wasn’t something one forgot. The bitter, harsh taste of it made her body vibrate with anticipation, and she held it back out to him.
“Good stuff. Got anything more relaxing in your stash?” she inquired. Her exhaustion was gone, and she inched closer. If he dared, he could kiss her if he wanted to. She wasn’t unaware of the effect she could have on men. Most guys never turned down a good-looking woman who had sex on the mind and let them know it. This was no exception, and he was certainly taking the bait. The sides of his smile twitched, and his eyes widened before slowly narrowing in a dreamy stare. She let him smell her feminine scent. He didn’t seem like the kind of guy who cared for vanilla-type sex, which was perfect. She never cared for the straight-arrowed, square-pegged type of men.
Was that what revived her and made her feel alive? Soliciting strangers for a piece of their life force to replenish her own? Something about these men gave her drive to continue another day in this harsh world. It was bleak, full of fire, death and lies. Nothing made up for it, but the small encounters she stole in the darkness of the city lights was all it took to hold on for one more day. She knew her world was unraveling at light speed, but one more night she could handle. One more person to share her bed and revive her when he left his mark on her, forever changed and yet forever unchanged.
“I got anything you need to relax. Just name it, I got it.”
“For what price?” she asked.
He eyed her up and down, letting his eyes linger on her long, sleek legs. 
“We can come up with an equal arrangement if you’re up for it.” He flicked his eyes back up to her gaze, a sensual grin gracing his features with a mix of desire and danger all at once. “What do you say, Miss…?”
“You can call me Sara.” No way would anyone else know her real name. She could deal with anonymity. It was easier to let go that way.
“Well, Sara.” He tipped his head, still checking her out and growing hornier with each passing second. “How about we head to your room? Or mine. Your choice.”
She pondered this for a moment and smiled. He couldn’t best her for nothing, and for once, she felt in control of everything, even this scenario. She’d be ready for anything, even in the most vulnerable of states.
And in the meantime, she could have some fun too, especially when she knew in the depths of her mind that the father of her child was having fun out there fucking whatever woman came along. He was nothing but an ass, and she would give him what he deserved eventually. But now, it was her time to thrive before she put bullets in the heads of all who’d wronged her.
“Your room will do. Come on.”




Chapter Twenty-Seven


She dropped her bag on the floor of the less-than-perfect motel room. It could use updating, and the carpet looked like it’d been run over by an asphalt truck. It didn’t matter. It had a bed, and her second wind was hitting her hard as she watched the stranger turn toward her.
“How do you like it?” he asked. He waited for her to make the first move. How chivalrous. It wouldn’t matter either way to Sasha, she just wanted a nice, quick fuck to loosen her muscles and throw her into the longest, deepest, most dreamless sleep of a lifetime. He was her ticket to blissdom, and she was ready to tear his clothes off.
“I like it rough. Don’t hold back.” She yanked his jacket off, throwing him a wicked smile.
“I’d like my cock in your mouth until you choke.”
“It takes a lot to choke me, darling. I can take more than you can dish out. Trust me.” Her thick Spanish accent made his eyes widen with fiery desire. “What else do you want, and what kind of goods do you have for me?”
She jerked his zipper down and began to tug his jeans off. He didn’t even have to take off his shoes; she wanted his hardened member in her hand. It bulged in his boxers, and she helped it out, licking her lips. He was ready and swollen for her, bobbing in the air, teasing her with its possibilities. She stroked him with both hands before reaching around and grabbing his ass. 
“I—I….” He swallowed hard, already losing control of his words, for she chose that exact moment to slip his cock into her hot, wet little mouth. She sucked hard before bobbing up and down, taking in his length with ease. It made him even harder, and he had to breathe in deep to control his urge to explode all over her face. He hoped she swallowed, but he knew she wanted more from him than just a blow job. He wanted to last and satisfy her innermost desires.
If only she wasn’t some random stranger. He needed hot, juicy pussy like hers every fucking day.
“I love anal. You game?” he breathed out, the heat of her lips driving him wild.
She kept on licking him, teasing with nips of her teeth and eyeing him with her dark, chocolate-brown eyes that were so haunting, they sent shivers down his spine. She was made of stuff he’d only seen in the movies; sensually dangerous and lethal. There was nothing scarier than a woman who knew exactly what she wanted and took it, without regard to anyone else’s needs or desires. She was one of those kinds of women, and he couldn’t mess this one encounter up. He had a feeling it would be something he’d be dreaming about for the rest of his pathetic life.
Finally, she let go of him and stood up, pulling off her shirt and kicking off her jeans, along with a pair of bright red panties. She wore no bra, but her breasts were ample and begged to be taken by his mouth. He reached out, cupping them before bringing the hardened, dark nipple against his lips. Her nipples were swollen like his cock and larger than he’d expected. He loved them immediately and gave one of them a good suck, nipping with his teeth as hard as he thought she could stand. The other got attention too, and he rolled the pebble-hard nipple between his fingers, pinching it.
“Yes, baby, bite me harder. I want you to make me scream in pain.”
Pain was all she knew to be real. Pain was good. It reminded her she was alive and able to do whatever the fuck she wanted. Not many emotions revved her up like that. Most made her feel as empty as shells strewn across a forgotten beach. Pain was better than nothing at all.
“Oh yeah, baby. I’m going to fuck the living shit out of you.” He couldn’t wait anymore and moved her to the bed where he jerked her around and shoved her down.
“Yes, baby, fuck my pussy hard.” She curved up her ass, ready to be slammed with all he had, her cunt already dripping wet with anticipation. He obliged, taking the tip of his cock to her entrance, teasing just a bit as he tickled her over the edge.
“You smell like the kind of pussy I want to fuck over and over again.” He pushed in, slamming against her ass before pulling back and repeating. He began slowly, but her incessant begging prompted him to go faster and harder. He slapped her ass in the process, to the point where it was fiery red.
“Yes, baby!” she screamed, feeling the ripples of orgasm tear through her. She stuffed her face into the mattress, letting the oxygen deprivation fill her with a desperation only his cock could alleviate.
“Fuck yeah!” His sweat gleamed on his skin, and the effort sped his heart until it felt like it would burst from his chest. He slowed and shoved her to the side, rolling her over so she was under him. “I don’t want to come yet,” he hissed, feeling the pressure building up. “I want to feel this forever.”
Sasha smirked, spreading her legs wide and beckoning him farther up. “Choke me,” she demanded.
His eyes widened again, wondering what kind of request that was.
“Do it. You won’t hurt me. I’ll stop you. Do it.”
He nodded, sticking his cock back into her pussy, breathing out from the insane pleasure it gave him. He wrapped his fingers around her frail-looking neck and squeezed slowly. He’d never done this before, but he’d heard it intensified orgasms. 
“More! I want to feel my heart in my head!” Sasha snapped, impatient with his hesitation. He complied, tightening his grip until her face darkened to a deep red. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back as he continued. He’d cut off her oxygen, but the pressure of his hands on her neck as he continued to pump his cock into her made him want to explode. The mix of excitement, danger and sex sent his senses spiraling out of control, and as her mouth gaped, throwing her into a violent torrent of orgasms, she tapped his wrist, and he let go just in time to pull out. 
“Yeah, baby, fuck me in the ass while you do that again.”
She turned over, and he breathed hard, calming down his impending orgasm as he watched her spread her cheeks, welcoming. There didn’t seem to be any ill effects from choking her, so he proceeded, sticking his soaking wet cock into her ass, feeling the tight pressure decrease as she relaxed and moaned out into the pillow.
“Yeah, baby, harder! Fuck my ass until you explode! Give it to me!” she screamed.
There was nothing else to do but do as she asked. He liked being told what to do; it made things so easy for him. He let her tight hole envelop him. She felt amazing. So sleek and good. He was on the edge of exploding when he remembered to slip his hands around her neck again, squeezing hard this time without hesitating.
The thrill of adrenaline as he concentrated on choking her and fucking her ass at the same time took a bit of focus to control, but he was able to do it easily once he fell into a nice, rough rhythm. He loved this. It was the best fucking bliss he’d ever felt, better than any kind of drug. How had he gotten so lucky?
Sasha made a muffled groaning gasp as she came, grasping at his hands. Her orgasm ripped through her, and she clenched her ass hard, sending him overboard. He came inside her, like he’d never come before, his cock aching as it emptied into her ass. Finally, he let go of her neck. She gasped for air, hungry for it as it filled her lungs and she took in deep, raspy breaths as they both collapsed to the bed, side by side.
“You all right?” he asked, concerned he’d gone too far when she didn’t speak for several moments after their climax.
“Yes, you fool. I’m fine.” Her voice came out in a whisper, and he worried he’d hurt her, even though she wouldn’t admit it.
If she wasn’t so spent, Sasha would have laughed at the concern in his voice. Pain was good. Pain was life.
He slipped his arm over her, nuzzling her neck and hoping to calm her rage as she settled down from their romp.
She shoved him away. “Get the fuck off me!” she hissed. She jumped from the bed and began yanking her clothes back on. “Where's my drugs?”
He sat up, perplexed. “I just wanted to thank you. What’s wrong with some cuddling?”
“Cuddling is for fools. I want my drugs. What do you got?” She smoothed down her hair, her face still red, with blossoming bruises now showing on her neck. “Give me my drugs or I’ll shoot you, fucker.” She held out her hand, waiting.
This chick was insane! He jumped from the bed and didn’t even bother throwing on his clothes before reaching into his jacket and grabbing a baggie of Mary Jane and another of some meth.
“What’s your poison, lovely?” He dangled them in the air, hoping to capture one more glance at her beauty. 
She eyed both bags, contemplating which one she wanted.  
“Both. Give me both of them and some rolling papers too.” She wiggled her fingers, urging him to hand the stuff over. He sighed, gave her both bags and reached back into his inside jacket pocket for a packet of papers for her to roll the joints in. As he turned, he watched as she shouldered her overnight bag and held out her hand once more. 
“Now.” She was through with him, and he reluctantly reached out, taking her hand and placing the packet in her palm, not letting go when she attempted to pull away.
“What’s your real name, beautiful? I’m Christopher Fallon. I’m scared you’ll forget me if I don’t tell you. When whatever it is you're doing is all over, come find me. I’ll be here, in this town, waiting for you.”
She scoffed, not knowing if he was insulting her or being nice. So much tragedy had skewed her view of people, especially men. They were just tools to use, that was all. Anything else was just more suffering to inflict on oneself.
But his words had cracked the fragile shell surrounding her stone-cold, frozen heart. They’d made her feel alive for one moment, feel like she was breathing without pain, without chains dragging her to the ocean’s floor for once. It was disarming.
“It’s Sasha,” she whispered, yanking her arm from his grip, turning to the door and grasping the knob before she paused. “And don’t hold your breath, gringo. I’ll most likely be long dead before I ever return to this dump.”
With that, she swung the door open, not bothering to shut it behind her as she headed out to find her room, take a second shower and scrub his scent away, discarding the remnants of him forever.




Chapter Twenty-Eight


At eight in the morning, Hayley’s eyes fluttered open. Soft light filtered in through the windows, and she stared up at the white ceiling for several moments. Her eyes played over the flat, white drywall, adorned with an angular crown molding at the edges, simple yet expensive, like most things in this home. No, not a home… this shelter, this glamorous bunker. Then she heard the reason for her early awakening. Three soft knocks sounded on the door. It was Jay, but why in god’s name was he waking her up so damned early?
Hayley arched her body out in a feline motion, stretching the muscles and popping little joints as she stretched. Then she pulled her legs out of bed. She was nude but for her panties, and she snatched a white camisole off the floor next to her bed. As she got up and passed the bathroom, she saw that the tub was still full. Hmph, I didn’t even empty it last night. Another set of soft knocks sounded at her door. She reached the handle and pulled it open. Jay was waiting on the other side. 
She sighed and offered him a smile. He looked handsome this morning, even kind. His face was shaved, and he wore a form-fitting polo. He cleaned up well, even with the dark bands of tattoos wrapping down his arms, escaping from the confines of his shirtsleeves. One might mistake him for an honest man, she thought. It would have been easy to forget that only yesterday he had manhandled her in the kitchen, leaving bruises on her face. It would have been easy to forget that he was a killer, especially when he flashed her a heart-stopping smile. Almost, if not for his eyes. Those beautiful eyes that could melt the panties right off her were still dark, and there was a fiery glint in them of something very malicious.
“Good morning,” he said softly, happily.
“Good morning, Jay,” she said, playing along. So he wants to play nice this morning? All right then, I can play.
“Sorry to wake you up so early, Hayley, but I have a lead on someone who might be able to help us, and he wants to meet up soon.”
“A lead? Who is it, and how can he help us?” Hayley cocked her head as she waited for his response. Her stomach was turning in an odd way, and her weary senses were starting to light up. 
“He’s an old friend. He’s been working with a man who knows your Saudi partners well.”
He sounded convincing, but Hayley was concerned. “So how can he help us? And why do we need to go to him?”
Jay let out a soft sigh but then composed himself. “We can’t bring him here in case he got followed, and we can’t talk about this kind of stuff on the phone. The FBI and DEA monitor phone calls, looking for anything suspicious.”
Hayley nodded but motioned for him to continue.
“I’ve convinced him to try to negotiate a truce between you and the Saudis, to give you time to get them the product they’ve purchased.”
“Women, you mean? Slaves?”
Jay paused but nodded. “Yes. If you give them their product, there’s a chance they might leave you alone.”
Hayley contemplated this. She stared into Jay’s eyes, looking hard for the deceit she was somehow sure must be there. But he was either a great poker player or telling the truth, because she saw nothing but the ubiquitous calm and cunning that had clearly defined his career. 
“All right, that sounds reasonable,” she agreed, offering him what she hoped looked like a grateful smile. She didn’t tell him there was no way in hell she would hand over innocent women to become sex slaves. She was no longer Madame H. That bitch was dead.
“Great,” he said, looking happy and relieved. “We meet with him at 9:30, so we’ll need to leave within the next half hour.” He gave he another stunning smile before turning away. Hayley was about to shut the door when Jay turned back to her. “Hayley, I’m—I’m really sorry. I hope you can believe that.”
Hayley nodded. “I know this is hard on both of us.” Bull fucking shit.
Jay grinned and turned away.
Hayley closed the door and leaned back against it. Could it be true? Could there really be hope for her? If Jay’s friend could help her, she might be able to get out of this deadly game she was playing. Only it wasn’t me playing, it was Madame H. She wanted to be free. Her memories were still like faded denim, but she knew they were there, and she knew they would help her and guide her in some way. She hoped, anyway. If she could get the target off the back of her head, she could run away, start over. She assumed Madame H. had substantial savings; perhaps she could tap into those and start a new life.
It’s dirty money, a small voice said inside her. It’s blood money.
Well, beggars can’t be choosers, she shot back. And besides, maybe I could do some good in this world if I had a little money to work with.
She closed her eyes. It was hard for her to hope; it was hard for her to trust Jay. He was handsome and intoxicating and an expert lover. But, she thought, he may also be a psychopath. His violent mood swings and horrid past kept her unsettled.
“Do not trust that man,” Alejandro had told her.
No, she thought, I will not trust him, but I will use him to get myself out of this mess. She remembered her thoughts from last night. Sex. That was his only weakness. I will play nice, and I will make myself enticing to him. I will make myself too good a prize for him to give me over to the Saudis.
Her mind made up, Hayley dressed. Thankfully, the house had a fantastic wardrobe, but she didn’t need much. A pair of low-rise skinny jeans paired with a push-up bra and a lacy camisole was all the adornment she would need. She examined herself in the mirror. Her full breasts peeked out enticingly. She smiled as she turned to the side, thankful she still had an ass to pull off the jeans. Some concealer, blush, eye makeup and a swath of lipstick across her pretty mouth completed her look. She let her hair fall down along the sides of her head, dark and wavy. She had to admit she looked pretty good. She smirked in the mirror and heard Jay knock on the door. Time to go to work. Whatever happened now, it would all depend on her acting skills.

***

Jay opened the door for Hayley, and she climbed into the Jeep. He couldn’t help but stare at her round bottom as she stepped up into the Wrangler. He wanted to touch it. It looked firm but soft and would be perfect in his large hands. No, stay focused. He shook the thoughts away and walked around to his door. She was smiling at him when he sat down. He was pleased with her cooperation this morning. In contrast to the last few days, she was actually quite pleasant, even enjoyable to be with. He almost regretted… things.
He started the Wrangler and sped away from the large safe house, exiting onto the gravel lane that led to the next civilian road three miles away. All of this land was private, all owned by Madame H.’s shell company. The Jeep kicked up a great cloud of dust and coarse earth behind them. He glanced over at Hayley. She was sitting quietly, watching out the window as they passed through the high scrub desert. She looked beautiful with the morning sun glowing in her hair.
Gravel gave way to asphalt, and the Jeep roared up to a comfortable cruise at seventy miles per hour. At this speed, traveling down Lake Mead Road, they headed toward the center of town. Once there, it was just a short jaunt to reach the industrial park behind the Las Vegas Strip. It was run down, dotted with closed strip clubs. He glanced at his wristwatch. Right on time. He looked over at Hayley again. Now she was watching him, a silly smile still on her face. God, she was beautiful. Jay smiled back. What he would give to go back and do this all over again. What would he change? Who would he become? I’ll never know, but there’s no going back now. Or was there? Again he had to shake his confused mind free from the medley of conflicting thoughts. Why was it that this woman confused him so much?
He focused on the road speeding by. The skyscraping towers of the casinos along the strip were approaching fast. Their lights were visible for miles. As he eyed the twinkling sparkles of color, he felt a warm hand wrap over his thigh. Startled, he glanced over at Hayley, who was dreamily gazing back at him with a veil of pure lust over her eyes. Her smile turned as wicked as the reflective gleam in her eyes.
“Watch the road,” she said with a mischievous grin.
“What?”
Hayley massaged the inside of his thigh, her fingertips brushing his penis as she did. He reacted instantly, his cock becoming engorged as her fingers began to stroke over the length of him. He shifted his hips, working up into her waiting hands as she began to stroke him harder.
“Hayley, what are you doing?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” she said with a chuckle. “Now stay still.”
To his delight and amazement, he felt the button of his jeans pop open and then his fly zip down. Holy shit, he thought. She pulled him out and started working her hands up and down his shaft. Jay let out an involuntary moan and bucked up toward her again. She held his hips down and lowered her head over his lap.
“Hayley, wait. What are you…? It’s broad daylight. Ah!” His words were silenced as Hayley’s wet mouth closed over his cock.
Oh god, her mouth’s so hot and wet! Jay writhed as Haley worked up and down the length of his cock, her mouth swallowing him over and over. She took him in deeper with each dip of her head, slipping him in until he was sunk all the way up to the hilt. It was mind blowing. She sucked as she slid along his length then used both hands to work his shaft beneath her mouth. He couldn’t hold out any longer as she sucked hard on the tip of his cock, gently brushing her teeth against the sensitive nerves.
“Oh, shit!” he cried out as his hips bucked involuntarily, and he climaxed hard, the orgasm blurring his vision and causing him to jerk his cock in Haley’s mouth, slamming impossibly deep into her throat. Hayley moaned as he came into her mouth, emptying all of his stress, all of his anxiety in one heavy load of pleasure. With one last nerve-bending suck, Hayley pulled off of his trembling cock, drawing her hand over her lips and smiling wickedly at him. My god, he thought, what the hell am I going to do?




Chapter Twenty-Nine


She stared out at the drab, grey parking garage feeling oppressed by the tons of cement surrounding them. Unlike the busy garages of the Las Vegas Strip hotels, this one was not exactly on the well-trodden path, just off Fremont Street. It was corded off for the most part and closed to the public. So why had Jay brought her here?
Ever single fucking alarm was going off in Hayley’s head, and she didn’t like it one bit.
“Where are we, Jay?” She didn’t get out of the Jeep’s cab; it would be like exposing herself naked in a crowd. She hugged herself, shivering but not from the cold.
“We’re supposed to meet here.”
“Who? Who’s supposed to meet us here?”
Jay scratched his head and checked his cell phone for the tenth time. It was a throwaway, the kind one prepaid the minutes on and ditched when it was of no more use. Shaking his head, he looked around. “I don’t get it. He’s supposed to be here.”
“Who, Jay? Jay?” The door slammed, and she huffed out in frustration. He was ignoring her questions. Why? Things were feeling odd, and she didn’t like it one bit. If he didn’t tell her what was going on soon, she was going to slide over, start the Jeep and hightail it out of here.
And leave Jay here? The thought had occurred to her, yes. She liked him. He was an excellent lay, and just thinking of his gorgeous, fit body made her sex soaking wet and her insides twist with warm honey.
Dammed if my fucking pussy doesn’t have a mind of its own. She had to get a grip. 
She watched as Jay texted someone on the cell, his eyebrows furrowed tight with a stern frown gracing his mouth. His sunglasses covered his eyes, but she was sure they were narrowed in frustration.
This didn’t feel right. Something was different. Jay was acting different. What did it mean?
She pulled the door open and stepped out of the Jeep. Just then, a sleek black Audi with noir-tinted windows screeched up to her. She could see her reflection in the darkened window a moment before the back door swung open and a pair of arms reached out to her, grabbing her wrists and yanking her forward into the dim interior.
“Hey!” Jay yelled from the other side of the cab. He’d never make it in time. Another figure shoved in behind her and must have come around from the other side of the car, ensuring she didn’t try to hop back out. This second person lay on top of her then slammed the car door and locked it. Jay was already at the window, pounding his fists against it to no avail. It must have been made of sturdier material than a regular window, for it didn’t even shudder or crack under the force of his fists. When he saw the window wouldn’t break, he abandoned it and jumped toward the door of the Jeep.
He’d left the gun in there, on his side. How very short-sighted of him! Hayley cursed as she bucked to push off the weight of the person who was crushing her.
“Stay down!” he snarled. She could tell it was a man before he even spoke because his Eurotrash cologne was filling her nostrils and almost choking her.
Fuck!
The car was throwing them all around as it backed out, swung around and screeched the hell out of there.
Gunshots ricocheted off the trunk. That was why the guy was still shoving Hayley down, to avoid getting hit. But the glass and metal held, and the car sped down the ramps of the garage at a perilous speed that tossed her stomach so much, Hayley bit her tongue hard to refrain from throwing up all over the back seat. Plus, she was more concerned with surviving this kidnapping and not getting shot by Jay, who had obviously forgotten she was in the rear seat.
Fuck again!
The car sped out onto the road, past Fremont Street, which was teeming with tourists visiting the endless stretch of souvenir shops and kiosk vendors while street performers peddled their music or cosplayers dressed as famous characters posed in exchange for a costly picture. 
No longer being crushed, Hayley was shoved into the middle seat as the man who’d jumped onto her straightened his suit.
“That was the most fun I’ve had in years.”
Hayley turned to look at the dark eyes peering at her from the front passenger seat. Tan-skinned with chocolate eyes, the man winked as he offered a flirty grin before donning his sunglasses and turning to face front once more.
Alejandro!

***

Fucking bastard.
“What the hell, Alejandro? What are you doing?” Hayley smacked the back of his seat, seething. His comrades next to her pulled her back and muttered incomprehensible threats in Spanish. She tried her best to not slap them. For all she knew, they had guns too.
“You kidnapped me!”
“I didn’t kidnap you. That gringo had you under his restraint this entire time. I’m sorry I didn’t realize earlier, but I couldn’t risk my family with him there. You see”—Alejandro turned back to her, once again shedding his sunglasses—“they are my first priority, and you brought him to my home, my sanctuary. I couldn’t put them in danger, so I sent them away to live with their abuelita in Central Mexico for a while.”
“What? Why would he do anything to your family?” She felt confused, like there was a huge chunk of the story missing, and she was trying desperately to capture and interpret each piece of information, but most of it was sliding through her fingers.
“He’s not who you think he is, niñita. Trust me.”
“How can I trust you? I don’t even know you.”
This remark caused Alejandro to betray a sliver of pain in his eyes before he caught the slip and donned his sunglasses once more. 
“You know me better than anyone has ever known me, Hayley. I’ll prove it to you in good time, but for now, we have to go to my place.”
Her eyes widened.
“Look, just drop me off now, I don’t want anything to do with… with any of you. You’re all liars.” Hayley couldn’t keep the confused anger out of her voice. The car made a fast right turn onto Bridger Street. No one spoke for a moment, and the men next to her glanced from her to Alejandro in the front seat, waiting for his response. She saw Alejandro’s shoulders slump a little, but he quickly straightened back up. Turning to face her, he eyed her through the sunglasses he now refused to remove.
“I have never lied to you, Hayley. Please sit quietly. If we are lucky, we will get you back out of this city alive.”
Luck was not on their side. They had made it fifteen minutes through the city when a large black SUV screeched around a corner behind them, closing fast. The Audi was doing forty-five already, but the SUV was on their ass in seconds.
“Vámonos!” Alejandro yelled, and the driver stomped on the gas. Alejandro looked behind them. “Shit, puta madre!”
“What is it? Who is it?” Hayley asked, turning around nervously in her seat.
Alejandro said something in Spanish to the men next to her, and they roughly bent her over onto their laps.
“Hey!” she objected. Dammit, these guys were like freaking Mexican gorillas the way they manhandled her, and she was getting damn sick of it. “Alejandro, what the fuck—”
“It is your other tan-skinned friends, señora.”
“My other…? Oh shit, the Saudis?”
Alejandro nodded at her. “You remember the gift I gave you when you left my home?”
The small pistol. Hayley nodded.
“You may have to use it. Be ready.”
“How did you know I had the gun?”
Alejandro chuckled, “How did you think I found you, niñita? The smile was jarred from his face as the SUV crashed into them from behind, causing the Audi’s wide tires to bounce and lose friction on the road. They fishtailed, then the tires caught again and they continued their high-speed run through the dense city.
“Ve allí! Abre la ventana!” Alejandro screamed at the driver. From her squashed position, Hayley saw Alejandro draw two silver hand-cannons out of dual shoulder holsters. Holy shit, she thought, he’s like the fucking Desperado! 
“Tómelo con fuerza!” he said, throwing Hayley a wink. “They will have to slow down when we go around the corner.” As the driver prepared to make a hard right-hand turn, the bodyguard in the backseat leaned onto her, putting even more crushing pressure on her. Alejandro rolled down his window and held each pistol up in front of him. He was taking deep breaths.
“What are you going to do?” she asked from beneath the pile of brown-skinned muscle. Unlike the one soaked in Eurotrash cologne, the other one smelled fantastic, like some long-ago cologne she used to inhale off her lovers, like CK One. She didn’t mind him one bit. Then she felt her ribs crunch a little and groaned. Nevermind. 
“Alejan—”
“Ahora!” he commanded, and the world slid sideways. The car careened into a slide, and Hayley saw their road only feet ahead. They would never make it. But the driver expertly feathered between the brake and the accelerator, and just as the street appeared, the hot tires squelched and gripped the asphalt, rocketing them forward.
“Stop!” Alejandro commanded again, and Hayley saw him extend both arms out his window. The guns went off—one two, one two, one two—deafening blasts. Alejandro’s arms raised slightly with each shot then lowered and fired again, as though he were a machine. He unloaded thirty rounds like this as the SUV tried to make the turn, plastering the big black vehicle with hot lead, mowing down the passengers. Then they were accelerating again, fast, the big V-6 screaming under a full throttle burst.
“I missed the pinche driver, goddammit!” Alejandro cursed. He dropped spent magazines onto the floor and rammed two fresh ones into the pistols.
“Get the fuck off me!” Hayley cried out. “I can’t fucking breath!”
Alejandro glanced back and nodded to his men. They got off her, and she sat up, heaving for breath. “I’m not sure I like your brand of protection, Alejandro,” Hayley snapped. Though honestly, she was pretty impressed. He looked like a gunman of the Old West, handling his pistols, if they had fine silk suits back then. She couldn’t help but feel a little flicker of hot lust from down below when she looked at his handsome face grinning back at her.
“Believe me, niñita, you don’t want those fucking Saudis to get ahold of you. Nice, white-skinned jeura to mess with? You’d be done for.” His face darkened, and his accent grew heavy as he finished reloading and eyed the vehicle chasing them through the busted up rear window.
“Don’t call me that! What’s it mean? Bitch? Are you a racist, or is it just the Saudis you hate?”
He looked back again, raising his eyebrows at her. “Palomita, you have no idea what those people would do to you. And I don’t hate all Saudis, just these ones. Oh, and bitch is puta, and don’t act like one.”
Hayley crossed her arms. This man was about as confusing as Jay, and she sure as hell didn’t need another violent, mysterious man right now. She just wanted a little bit of normal, or whatever the hell normal was to her.
“They’re falling back, señor,” the driver told him after a look in the rear-view mirror.
“Good,” Alejandro responded, letting out a long breath. “Keep going. Get out of the city and we’ll—”
Alejandro’s words were cut off as another black SUV shot out from a side street and smashed into them. The car was launched into the air and rolled fast. Hayley threw up as the negative g-force pulled her stomach in tight circles. The man to her right flew over the top of her and crashed into the opposite door, smashing it open with the force of his broken body and flying out. The car hit the ground in a violent crash of screeching metal and shattering glass, tumbling further.
Hayley was lost, half between consciousness and oblivion. The world was a blur of nauseating motion, and the deafening sound of metal dragging over rough asphalt was the only real thing. But there was something else too. A voice out of the abyss caught her attention. Someone was talking to her, but she couldn’t really hear it, she was so far away. 
The car flipped one more time, tossing Hayley enough for her head to collide with something solid and hard. That was when the lights went out completely, and in the darkness, she continued to hear the voice more clearly. The sounds of screeching tires and metal faded away. Thank god, she thought, and other foreign-yet-familiar things invaded her head.
The lights turned back on as she blinked, finding an expanse of white walls and the burning smell of disinfectant. There was a bright light overhead, and she flinched away from it until her pupils adjusted.
“Señora, here he is.”
Hayley turned to the woman’s voice. It was a nurse, a dark-skinned woman in pink scrubs. She leaned over Hayley, holding a swaddled bundle in her arms and cooing over it. She was confused. Where was she? What was happening?
“Tu niñito, señora.”
Hayley stretched her arms out to accept the little package and saw that she had an IV in the back of her hand. Her arms were bare except for an ill-fitting gown that barely covered her shoulders. Soreness wrapped itself around her body, but she was feeling elated. Why?
“I’m in a hospital? Is this a dream?” she whispered, but her words were ignored by the Spanish-speaking enfermera.
It must be dream, she decided, but already the car wreck was beginning to fade away like it’d never happened and this place, this moment, was all that mattered. She took the baby with care from the nurse’s hands and pulled him closer to her. Peering into the bundled mass, she found a tiny reddened face staring up at her with half-open eyes and a scowling frown on his lips. Something filled her insides, overwhelming her and giving her the sudden urge to cry. This baby… it felt like a part of her. It was a part of her. But how? She’d never been pregnant… had she?
Then a large brown hand slid over her own, hooking fingers with hers. She looked over and saw Alejandro there next to her, smiling and leaning in to stare at the baby boy. He was beaming. The feeling of elation completed her, and she wanted to feel that way forever. It was pure love, and she wanted it back.
“Our beautiful boy. Mi cielo. Our son.”




Chapter Thirty


He was a tranny, Sasha was sure of it. She pulled up to the curb. It was still early in the day, far too early for the partiers to be out and looking for fun, yet here he was. He looked bedraggled, beaten and strung out but not altogether ugly. His figure was nice, and under his tight t-shirt she could see perky breasts. He, or she, as she probably identified, wore tight black leggings. Her hair was a frizzy mess, barely contained by the halfhearted effort that had gone into taming it. Her rich brown skin had just a hint of rose on her cheeks, and she wore heavy eyeliner. Most might mistake her for a natural woman. Sasha was not most. The woman’s large hands couldn’t be hidden no matter which way she posed, and her Adam’s apple was most definitely not one of the features given to Eve eons ago.
And Sasha was in luck. This she-man was in desperate need of something. A fuck, a hit, who the hell cared. She needed something, and Sasha was ready to dangle it in front of her like a carrot to an ass.
She eyed Sasha’s car with indifference until she rolled down the window. Sasha motioned with her head for the prostitute to approach. She leaned into the car, and Sasha could smell vodka on her breath.
“You’re pretty,” Sasha started.
She smiled, revealing teeth that were a little crooked in front and slightly too big for her mouth.
“How much to suck your cock?” Sasha asked, flipping her rich red hair behind one shoulder. The woman paused for a moment, her eyes widening just a bit then returning and narrowing on 
Sasha just a little.
“Who says I got a cock?” she asked, feigning offense.
“Do you want my money or not?”
“Thirty-five,” the woman responded coldly.
“Thirty,” Sasha countered, knowing that everyone tried to barter.
“Look, it’s thirty-five, or you can fuck off.”
Sasha smiled and drummed her fingers on the steering wheel. “Fine, thirty-five. Get in and tell me where we can go.”
The prostitute looked behind her a moment then back at Sasha. She apparently didn’t look like much of a threat because she rounded the front of the car and slipped into the passenger side. “You must really want some dick to be out looking this early, lady.”
“Yeah, well, I’ve got a taste for it,” Sasha told her with a wink as she pulled away from the curb.
“Turn left here,” she instructed Sasha, indicating a service road winding through some aged industrial buildings. “Pull into that one, back around by the loading dock. Sasha did as she asked. “Money,” she demanded.
Sasha pulled out her wad of cash, watching the hooker’s eyes brighten. She unrolled five twenties and held them up for her to see. “I want to know where Madame H. keeps shop.”
The woman blanched as if she had been slapped then immediately reached for the door handle. Sasha flipped the lock down, and the prostitute clawed at the door, looking for the unlock lever that Sasha had pried out before she’d left the motel.
“Look, bitch, you don’t want to fuck with me!” the woman yelled, puffing up with anger in an impressive display.
Sasha pulled the cop’s pistol out and pointed it at her ill-fated hooker. “I took this from a cop after I shot him. Now if you think I’d have any problem putting a bullet through a piece of tranny trash like you, you’re dead wrong. Now tell me what I need to know and make yourself a hundred bucks. I’m sure you could use a few more hits right about now.”
The hooker’s face darkened, and her lips pressed together in a hard line.
Sasha cocked the pistol. “Come on, I really don’t want to have to clean your brains out of this fucking car.” She waited impatiently for the woman to try to work her way out of the situation. Once she realized there was no easy way out, she finally spoke.
“Madame H. is missing. She fucked something up, and now there’s a bunch of Saudis in town, looking for her, I guess.”
Sasha mulled this over. How the hell was she going to find the Madame if she was on the run? “Where are the Arabs staying?”
“I don’t know.”
Sasha backhanded the woman with the pistol, breaking open her scalp and knocking her against the passenger door. “I asked you where they were staying. Don’t fucking lie to me.”
“I said I don’t know!” she cried then held her hands up in front of her face. “Lupita said she saw a bunch of them Arabs in Gino’s Pita Palace yesterday though, and there’s a big hotel over there. I guess that’s where they could be staying.”
“Where’s the Pita Palace?”
“Corner of 7th and Bonanza Road, where everyone goes to get hot, thick meat stuffed into their yeasty buns.” The woman cackled, scratching her arms incessantly.
Sasha handed her the cash gently. After she took it, Sasha depressed the unlock button on her side. “Thank you. Now get the fuck out.”
“You’re just going to leave—” she began, but then Sasha raised the gun again, and the woman bolted out the door, tripping and falling onto the pavement as she did. Sasha didn’t know where those streets were, but she would look up the address. She hit the gas and sped away, leaving the displaced tranny staring after her. A sick smile crept over her face. Oh, it’s fucking on now, puta.

***

The clerk was a bore and useless to Sasha. She rolled her eyes and scanned the lobby of the hotel once more. It was an older, seedy place that reeked of urine and old cigarette smoke which was embedded in the walls and furniture. This place would smell that way until it was inevitably demolished. She hoped it would be sooner rather than later.
Scanning the rest of the place, she spotted what she needed. The security guard leaning against the ancient-looking cigarette machine was already ogling her. His hungry eyes betrayed everything this guy was made of, giving her all the ammunition she needed.
Throwing him a sly smile along with the tried-but-true flutter of eyelashes, she could practically smell his arousal from across the room. A toss of her lovely, red locks over her shoulder sealed the deal. That and a nice uncrossing and recrossing of her legs with a long pause in between for a good glimpse of her nether region, shaved and uncovered. His eyes practically rolled out from their sockets, handing her the key to all his reasonable senses.
Now to get what she wanted.
She rose and walked toward him with a hypnotic shake of her hips. She leaned over the cigarette machine, feigning interest in the packs. She never saw these archaic things anymore and wondered how they could just sell it to the public without checking an ID. A glance around the lounge told her it wasn’t a family-oriented place. A kid here would be a tragic thing and probably belong to a junkie freak getting it on in one of the rooms while they waited on their pathetic parent.
She wouldn’t be such a loser. Her plans for her child did not include anything near this low quality of life. No. Her child would never see the scrapings of the bottom of the barrel as long as she had a say in it. She would squeeze the Madame dry for riches and set herself up with her kid in some far-off tropical paradise. This shit hole of a town could fuck itself.
“Hello,” she smiled, smacking her gum in her mouth and licking her lips. “Got any change?” She waved a hundred dollar bill under his nose, but he wasn’t interested in the cash.
“Sorry, miss. I don’t carry any cash on me.”
She grinned, giggling in her girlish best. “Too bad. I could use a smoke.”
He eyed her, his pupils dilated at her nearness. “Smoking does bad things to you.”
“Oh, an occasional hit of good stuff is always beneficial.” She winked, and his face brightened. “You look like you could use something… sweet.”
“Sweet is always nice.” He eyed her from head to toe, adjusting his collar as he shifted on his feet. “What’s your poison?”
“I need your help, officer.” Sasha leaned in closer, her tits brushing against his chest. He sucked in a sharp breath, noticing her ample bosom.
“What can I help you with, love?”
She glanced over her shoulder toward the room, noting there were just too many witnesses present. She needed a more private place to take what she needed.
“Well, it’s kind of private. Is there some place we can go and talk a bit?”
His eyes narrowed some, watching her as she traced the outline of his security badge. It was a star-shaped, die-cast brass, a cheap imitation of a real police badge. She could tell he wished her fingers were stroking something else.
“I can arrange that, if you need some… privacy.” He motioned toward the hall past the clerk. “Follow me.”
She watched him leave, checking out his backside with gusto. He was a fine specimen. What was he doing working in a dump like this? She got that with the current economy it was slim pickings on jobs, but damn. He could be a stripper. It was a mighty shame he was wasting his time in a place like this. She’d make it worth his while. At least for this hour of pay, he would be getting a fucking bonus.
He took her to the back, through the rear kitchen where the cook was watching the football game on a tiny, old-fashioned TV/radio combo that rippled with static while he groaned and slapped it. In the back, there was a stairwell leading down to a basement area where the guard typed in a code and took her into the security room filled with screens showing feeds from the cameras that watched the halls inside the motel and the alleys outside. 
No one else was here to monitor the cameras. Only one guard per shift? What a cheap ass hotel, thought Sasha. Still, it worked to her advantage in every way. At the larger Strip hotels, it would have been much harder to get past security. Here it was going to be a breeze.
He turned, smiling again before his eyes settled on her tits. It was so easy to manipulate men. Just show them tits, cunt and ass and their brains turned control over to the other side manning the switches.
“So what is it you need help with?” he asked.
She smiled. She was glad he didn’t ask her what her name was. No, that would be too personal. She’d make one up anyway. It was better when they didn’t ask, meaning they weren’t going to be that opposed to whatever she had up her sleeve. Asking a name brought trouble. It meant they planned to remember you.
“I need a room key. There’s a group of Arabs here, and I need to get something they took from me. Would you help me out?”
He arched an eyebrow, paling. “I don’t know. They don’t look that friendly. I mean, I don’t understand a thing they say, but they don’t seem nice, if you catch my drift.”
She nodded, stepping forward and reaching down to the bulge in his pants. It grew at her touch, and she could feel his chest seize as he began to breathe harder.
“I’ll do anything for one. Whatever you want, baby. I need my stuff back, and I can handle a few Saudis. They are no different than most people, just a different language and color. We are all made the same with the same desires… wants… needs.” She massaged his cock, making him weak in the knees. His eyes practically rolled into the back of his skull. “You understand this, don’t you?”
Her Spanish accent thickened as she whispered into his ear, nipping the lobe with her teeth. He blew out a breath and shivered under her lips. It was working. He was melting like putty, easy to meld into what she wanted him to be. It was just a matter of time before he would give her the world.
“Yes, I—I understand. Goddamn, woman,” he hissed through his teeth as she jerked his belt off, unsnapped the button and yanking his pants down. His swollen member popped out, ready to be serviced, and that was something she excelled at. The one thing this life had taught her was how to give the most mind-blowing blowjob that would get her anything she wanted. Most of the time.
She stroked his cock, loving the hot, rippled sensation in her palm. Eyeing him through hooded lids, she threw him a wicked grin, hoping to ignite his need even more.
“What I can do for you, no one else will ever do,” she whispered as she slid down to her knees, grabbing his ass with her free hand to steady herself. He smelled of musk, like all men, but definitely delicious.
“Jesus, woman.” His grunt as her lips wrapped around his cock told her he was in the palm of her hand. Nothing else was needed other than a long, hard suck on his perfect dick.
She took him in, slowly at first, letting her tongue work its way down to the base of his shaft and back to the tip, expertly spinning circles and licking along the way. Running her teeth around the end made him gasp, and his cock bobbed with motion as he held back his orgasm. She could make him come fast; he obviously hadn’t been getting any lately. His moans and sharp gasps made her own insides stir, and she pondered whether a fuck would be in order. If not, she’d have to seriously give herself a good hard finger fuck or pick up a vibrator. She was going to need to blow off some steam somehow.
The only other thing that could get her off was a good killing spree. Maybe she’d get lucky and the whole bunch of fuckers upstairs with Madame H. would get their comeuppance by her hand. The thought of that alone almost made her insides explode.
“Oh, geeze, woman, I’m going to come all over you.”
“Mmm,” she giggled. “Come in my mouth, big boy. I want to swallow your sweetness, taste you for hours from now.” She flicked her tongue on his tip, and he cried out, trying as he might to hold back.
She sucked harder, his length inside her mouth as she reached over and massaged his balls. They were swollen, ready to explode, just the way she liked it. This pushed him over the edge, and the pulsating sensation under her fingers ignited into a rush of hot, spilling cum from his cock. She swallowed every bit of it, feigning enjoyment. It wasn’t her favorite thing to do, but she couldn’t let him come all over her face and risk ruining her makeup, so this had to suffice.
“Oh, Jesus, god!” 
“God had nothing to do with it.” She rose and wiped her mouth, giving him another coy wink and smile. “Will you help?”
Men are such simple things, and there isn’t much that a blowjob wouldn’t take care of. The guard leaned back against the wall, panting hard, his cock still hanging out and slick with saliva and cum. Sasha drew a finger across her lips and pressed against him, slipping her wet finger into his mouth. He moaned as he took the finger. She pulled it out then kissed him on the lips, dipping her tongue into his mouth.
“Room 327,” he finally gasped. “They’re in room 327.”
“I need a room key as well,” Sasha said, inches from his face.
“I can’t—” he began to argue, but then Sasha grabbed his dick and pulled along its length, causing his legs to tremble and another moan to escape his lips. “Okay, whoa.  I’ll get one.”
“Good,” Sasha purred with a smile. Because I’d hate to kill you.
They exited the large security room. Sasha gave him thirty seconds and then followed behind him. Two minutes later she was heading to the elevator, a plastic card with a black magnetic strip held in one hand. She pressed the up arrow and waited. Three floors and a few rooms above might be the key to finding Madame H. or even Madame H. herself if the Saudis had already found her.





Chapter Thirty-One


Atif looked through the glass peephole of the hotel room. He was a big man, taking up most of the doorframe. His dark suit bulged out in his arms, barely concealing the enormous muscles within, and the chest puckered out awkwardly, betraying the shoulder-holstered pistols waiting there. His eyes narrowed as he stared out the door. A shadow of a woman walked by. It was a boring job, but it was his; he was the door guard. A muffled scream came from the large bathroom farther inside the suite, where Fares was interrogating the woman. Atif smiled and turned away from the door. He would return to the peephole any time he heard steps close to their room. 
Taha and Ayman were sitting in the suite, reclined on the bed, watching a DVD. Independence Day, he thought it was. Tied to a chair, slumped over and motionless next to the room’s large locked window was the Mexican. They didn’t really know who he was, but judging by the man’s thousand-dollar suit and finely-crafted pistols, he was someone important, as important as these Westerners thought they might be anyhow. He won’t be saying anything anytime soon though, even if he would talk. 
They had beaten the man for two straight hours, and all the stubborn Mexican did was spit insults at them in Spanish. Then Taha had lost his cool and belted him over the back of his head with a pistol. Fares wouldn’t be happy about that, but he had his hands busy with the woman anyway. Atif sighed. He longed for a little action. He was still a little amped up after the car chase. His vehicle was the one the Mexican had shot up, killing three of his comrades. He had been the driver, and he felt some responsibility for their deaths. He wanted to exact revenge on this piece of shit, but Fares wanted information first. Atif thought about punching the wall, just for something to help clear his anxious mind. 
He heard footstep in the hall and turned lazily around back toward his post at the keyhole. Then there was an electronic click, and the green light on the inside of the door lock flashed. Oh, shit! Atif lunged for the door, but he was six feet away and it was already opening. He missed the edge of the door by inches, and a caramel-skinned woman with red hair stepped over the threshold. It took a moment for him to register the large black revolver in her hand, and by the time he started to reach for his shoulder holster, it was too late.

***

Sasha unloaded two rounds into the big guard’s chest. His eyes bulged, and he took one gasping breath before falling backward into the room. She strode past him, and as the roar of the gunfire softened, she heard a woman’s screams; they were coming from the bathroom. She’s here. Sasha didn’t have time to fully assess the situation, because another black-suited Arab was racing toward her. She never stopped moving, and the big gun roared in her hand once more, sending supersonic lead rocketing through the thick, smoky air of the hotel room. The big Saudi man’s head snapped back as a .357 round blasted through his skull. She took two more steps, saw a dead or unconscious man strapped to a chair, then turned. 
Gunfire blasted at her from around the corner, and Sasha dove forward, landing on her side at the foot of the bed. Whoever was shooting was using a semiautomatic, and bullets pounded into the bed, trying to hit her. Ten seconds later the shooter had an empty magazine. Sasha shot up, pivoting and swinging the heavy steel revolver. Her finger jerked against the trigger twice, and the Saudi’s bearded face exploded, painting the wall behind him a mottled red and black with blood and chunks of sticky brain matter. There was a moan behind her, and Sasha turned to see the man she thought was dead stirring. His face was swollen. He had been beaten within an inch of his life.
“The bathroom,” he gurgled through battered lips. “The bathroom.”
“Is Madame H. in there?” she growled. He nodded, struggling to open his eyes.
“Cut me… cut me loose,” he said.
“Not a chance,” Sasha snapped and turned on her heel. She walked to the bathroom and heard a crash behind her. The beat-up Mexican had tipped over in his chair, struggling to free himself, but by the looks of him, he wasn’t going to last long anyway.
Sasha knelt by the bathroom door, ignoring the struggles of the man in the chair. She listened. She heard soft cries and even softer whispers. Madame H. was in there along with another of the Saudis. She blew out a breath. She was at a disadvantage here. Fuck it, you’ve come this far. Stepping to the side, Sasha twisted the handle and shoved the door in. Nothing happened, no gunfire. She swung around the corner fast, the gun held in front of her. She only had one bullet left, maybe two.
What she saw shocked her, but she held firm. Madame H. was there. She was sitting on top of the toilet, or rather, a man was sitting on the toilet, holding her naked body against him as a shield. The Madame was bloody from her neck down to her thighs. Her skin was red, and Sasha saw burn marks on her inner thighs. They had been torturing her. Her cunt was spread open, with some sort of silver-handled object stuck inside. Even that was bleeding a little. Some may have felt pity seeing this horrific scene, but Sasha felt no such emotion for this wretched woman.
The man holding the Madame shouted something at her in Arabic. He was hiding his face just behind Madame H.’s and holding a razor to her neck. He shouted again, and it clicked for Sasha that he had no gun. The man made a cutting motion against the Madame’s neck.
“I kill her!” he shouted in barely passable English. “You not save her.”
A wicked grin spread across Sasha’s face. “I’m not here to save her, you fucking idiot,” she sneered, and fired. 
The bullet blew through Madame H.’s ear, pulverizing the flesh and cartilage, and then struck her Arab torturer in the face. Madame H. started screaming as blood poured from her ear and fell forward onto the floor, her hands bound behind her back with cord. She made a loud thunk as she hit.
“Don’t worry, Madame,” Sasha chuckled. “The fun is just beginning.” Sasha grabbed her by the hair and dragged her out of the bathroom. As soon as she cleared the door, Sasha looked out into the room, and a dark object swung at her face. She felt an explosion of pain, and then the world went black all around her.




Chapter Thirty-Two


Alejandro dropped the wooden chair leg and reached down to the red-haired Mexican woman to check for a pulse. She was breathing, and her heart still thumped strongly. Alejandro pulled her out of the way and saw Hayley for the first time. She was face down on the bathroom floor, bleeding and whimpering softly. A tear formed in his eye as he saw her shredded ear. Even with the best plastic surgery, she would be disfigured for life.
“Hayley, Hayley,” he called to her, aware of how muddled his voice sounded. His lips were split and swollen, and his mouth was bone dry. It felt like it was filled with dust.
He gently turned Hayley over and then gasped.
“Dios mio, m’amor! What have they done to you?”
Hayley finally saw him, through bloodshot eyes that were filled with tears. Her cheek was swollen badly, and blood from her ear covered half her face. Alejandro tried to pull her to a standing position but Hayley cried out in pain.
“No! Get it out, get it out of me!” Her eyes were wide and frantic, and he lowered her back down, only then seeing the shiny handle sticking out from between her legs.
“What the—?” He gently spread her legs and examined the object that had been inserted into her. It had a metal handle that turned, and Alejandro surmised that it opened and closed some type of torture device inside her, like a speculum. He carefully turned the handle, reversing the threading, and after a few turns he felt the tension on the device weaken, and it slipped out of her. He held up the bloody object, aghast at its sick purpose. It looked like a metal pear with a handle at the end. The pear itself was made out of four leaves, and when the handle was turned, those leaves spread open, doing unspeakable things inside Hayley's body.
He dropped the pear to the floor and pulled Hayley to her wobbly feet. “We must go now, Hayley. There will surely be more coming.”
Hayley nodded. “My clothes,” she squeaked.
“Of course.” Alejandro helped her out of the bathroom and past the Mexican woman on the floor. Hayley observed her with curiosity as she moved past. The woman looked familiar somehow.
Alejandro set her down on the edge of the bed and found where her clothes had been tossed into a pile against the wall. He gently pulled Hayley’s garments over her beaten body, cringing every time he saw another deep red burn mark. He wanted to ask her about them but felt this wasn’t the right time.
When she was dressed, Alejandro collected guns from the men in the room. He let a smile creep over his face when he located his two pistols in one man’s coat.
“Who is she?” Hayley asked, her voice hoarse. She was pointing at the red-haired woman.
“I don’t know, but she saved us. She killed all these men.”
“And shot my ear off,” Haley mumbled.
“Yes. I don’t think she is a friend. All the same….” Alejandro trailed off. “She did save our lives, even if it was a function of some other final motive.”
“She looks familiar to me,” Haley said. “I don’t remember her, not exactly, but I think she may have been one of my girls.”
Alejandro frowned at the woman. “So her purpose here could have been vengeance. On you.”
Hayley caught his eye. One of hers was swollen shut now, the other bright and blue. “We take her with us, Alejandro. Even if she wanted to kill me, she has earned her right to live.”
Alejandro opened his mouth to argue, but she would have none of it.
“You said there would be more coming. If they find her here, they will torture her for information. And no one—no one—should ever have to experience that.”
Alejandro blew out a breath. “Fine, Hayley.” He bent down and searched the woman’s body for weapons. He tossed the empty revolver away from her and picked her up. She had two black eyes, and her nose was bleeding across the bridge, where Alejandro had struck her. 
“Grab a glass of water, Hayley. We’ll have to wake her.” He set the woman down in a chair and found his suit coat, rummaging through the pockets until he procured his cellphone. He dialed a number and spoke in rapid Spanish. He then flipped the phone closed. 
“My people are coming. We need to get moving though. We have to get out of this room.” Hayley nodded. She was trying to get some water into the redhead’s mouth. 
Removing a beat-up woman from a hotel in the middle of the day was no easy task, especially when you looked like you had been through a war yourself. Alejandro and Hayley carried the woman through the hall to the elevator, praying no one would come out of their rooms. Thankfully, most of the guests were out enjoying the day, hitting up the pool or the many casinos out on the Strip only a few miles away. They took the elevator down to the basement and then struggled up through an access stairwell to a discreet exit into the parking garage. 
Alejandro flipped out his phone once more and spoke to his driver. Two minutes later, a shiny black limo pulled up, and they slipped inside. His doctor was in the back seat, looking beautiful and ready for anything. She immediately sprayed Haley’s torn-up ear with an antiseptic that burned like a motherfucker then wrapped a large bandage around her head. She turned to Alejandro, but he waved her off and motioned to the redhead. She’d stayed awake just long enough for them to get her to the car, but she was asleep again. His doctor nodded and pulled the woman’s eyes open, examining her pupils.
“She has a concussion, certainly, but she will regain consciousness soon, I think.”
Alejandro nodded. “Good. Bind her hands before she does though. She is not necessarily a friendly.”
The doctor raised her eyebrows as him, looking somehow even more sexy when she did, but then nodded and slipped a long, black zip tie out of her bag and around the woman’s wrists.
Hayley stared for a long time into Alejandro’s beaten face as they drove. Then she finally spoke. “Take us somewhere safe, Alejandro. And tell me about our children.”




Chapter Thirty-Three


“My god, when did I leave?” Hayley asked. She sat across from Alejandro in the back of the limo, which was racing out of the city of Las Vegas. Her body ached from the torture she’d endured at the hands of the Saudis, and she could only see out of one eye.
“Just after Elaina was born, you left. You didn’t give me an explanation, only that you loved us and couldn’t stay anymore.” Alejandro’s beaten-up face was sagging with exhaustion, and his eyes, which were puffy from abuse, showed rims of red as he spoke. He held in his emotions though. He was a tough guy, there was no doubt about it. The way he’d rescued Hayley, even though he was inches from death himself, was a testament to his grit.
“So do they know who I am at all?” Hayley asked, not doing well to hide the rising distress in her voice.
“No,” Alejandro answered flatly. “I am sorry, niñita. Michael was only two when you left, and there was a no visitation policy.”
Alejandro closed his eyes for a moment. There was blood streaking his face from small lacerations peppering his cheeks and forehead. He probably had a severe concussion. His gorgeous female doctor, Jasmine, was sitting next to him in the seat, applying cold compresses to his pulverized face. She was averting her eyes politely but was obviously hearing their conversation and doing her best to look oblivious.
“Stay awake, señor,” she whispered in his ear. He nodded his understanding before peering up through the slits of his swollen eyes.
Tears, like little acid emotions, worked their way down Hayley’s face. How could I leave my own children? Alejandro, the Saudis… hell, even Jay isn’t the monster here.
I am the monster. 
She took a few long, deep breaths, trying to cool the heat rising to her face. Overwhelmed wasn’t even close to describing the way she felt. It was as if she was an island, far off in the sea, out of view of everyone, and now the ocean was beginning to rise up around her, threatening to swallow all that she was. She struggled to swallow down her fear and the waves of anxiety that lapped at her shores, but she truly did not know how long she could keep herself together. 
Then a warm hand slipped over her own, giving it a good squeeze. She startled and almost jerked her hand away until she looked up into Alejandro’s eyes. God, he looked bashed to a pulp and exhausted, but there was something else showing there. Pity? No, not pity. Forgiveness, perhaps? Understanding? She would settle for anything close to that even though she couldn’t comprehend any of it herself.
“Hayley,” Alejandro said. “I know that right now you are confused, and I know that right now things are not as they should be. But I feel,” he said, placing his other hand over his heart. “I feel like things are going to get better. You’ll remember what you’re made of, and you will see who you truly are meant to be soon enough. Don’t be afraid and don’t look back. Only forward.”
There was nothing but caring and honesty in his eyes, but Hayley didn’t feel as optimistic as he sounded. Her hands trembled a bit under his. She had to keep it together. Had to. 
“Thank you, Alejandro, for pulling me out of there.”
“Of course, Mi cielo. There is nothing I would not do for you. Don’t you know that?”
“Really?”
“Absolutamente.”
“Will you help me fix all of these things I’ve done?”
“There is redemption at the end of the road. Undoing the web of your life will be harder than anything either of us has ever done.”
“But we have to do it. I have to.”
Alejandro cocked his head and looked at her quizzically for a moment, but then the unconscious woman beside her stirred, and their attention was diverted. 
“Here we go,” he murmured.
The woman had been slumped over in her seat, knocked out by Alejandro in the hotel room where he and Hayley were tortured. After the unknown woman stormed in and shot their captors, it’d been made perfectly clear Hayley had been her target. Now, coming into consciousness once more, Hayley hoped to get some answers from her. 
As she opened her dark brown eyes, the woman’s face registered shock at being in a vehicle she didn't recognize and at the snug ties around her wrists and ankles. She immediately jerked upright, her deep maroon hair flopping over toward Hayley. Her fierce, beautiful face whipped instantly from shock to anger, and she pulled at her arms only to find her wrists bound behind her with zip ties.
She let out a long string of expletives in her native language and spat on the floor of the limo. Her eyes frantically roamed the interior, assessing every person now watching her with great interest. Finally settling on Hayley, those dark brown eyes turned a churning black with vile rage. Hayley backed against her door as the woman lunged at her head-first, her bright white teeth bared in an almost inhuman snarl.
Just as Hayley thought for sure her face was going to get smashed in by the woman’s head, Alejandro’s hand shot out and caught her by the ponytail, giving it a violent yank. The woman’s head stopped short just before cracking Hayley in the nose. Instead, she sneered over at Alejandro, ready to pounce on the man restraining her from her kill.
“Tranquila, ey!” His voice boomed inside the limo as he spoke sternly. He was calm though, and his dark eyes bore into Sasha’s with no less intensity than if she was a caballero he was about to assassinate.
“Let me go, pendejo!” she shouted and began wrestling with her arms behind her back.
“Not a chance, chichóna. Not a chance.” Alejandro was studying the fierce woman. She was ferociously beautiful and just plain feral. She bucked against his grip like a wild cat, but he would not release her. “¡Cálmate! Sit down.”
For a moment at least, the woman relented.
“Now, what is your name?” he asked.
She looked as if she might not tell him but then shrugged defiantly, appearing bored with the company already.
“I am Sasha.”
“What do you want?” Hayley asked.
“Do not speak to me, pinche puta madre!” she snapped at Hayley fiercely, causing her to flinch away. Alejandro gripped Sasha’s hair once more and forced her head back toward him. She hissed, and more obscenities poured from her pretty lips.
“I do not want to hurt you, Sasha, but if you attack my friend again, the doctor will put you back under, and there won’t be any sweet dreams after that.”
His words were painfully placid with not even a sliver of emotion on his battered face. Sasha followed the nod of his head toward the woman doctor sitting next to him. She was hiding something in her hands, and upon seeing Sasha’s interest, flashed the half-full hypodermic syringe into view.
“Fine,” Sasha said, defeated for now. She leaned back away from Hayley, settling as comfortably as she could while tied up in the bucket seat. Her eyes never left Hayley as Alejandro released his grip on her hair. Sasha rested back against the seat, trying her best to feign relaxing, but she was no good at that. Not one bit. She reached up and touched the large swollen bruise on her forehead before frowning deeply. “Who struck me?”
“I did,” Alejandro said. “Sorry about your face, I was only trying to keep Hayley from harm.”
Hayley studied Sasha as she digested Alejandro’s words. In a sick way, they all matched, with their beat-up faces, though some of Hayley’s wounds could not be seen beneath her clothes. She shuddered painfully, thinking about the stainless steel torture speculum that had been forced inside her then gradually opened, causing horrific pain in her vagina.
She would not wish such torture on her worse enemy, not even this delusional girl, Sasha.
“You brought me here.” It wasn’t a question, but Sasha clearly didn’t understand their motivation. “I will not go back to work for you.” She gave Hayley a sidelong glance. “You might as well kill me now. I will never be your whore again. I paid my way into this country! I paid! I am a free woman. You are nothing but shit.”
Hayley was speechless. Thankfully, Alejandro was not.
“Sasha, no one is going to put you to work. I promise you that.”
She sneered at his words. “Of course you would say that.”
“You don’t know me, chicana; don’t presume anything about me.”
Her eyes dug into the cartel liaison. He was a puzzle she couldn’t solve. “You don’t know me, either, vaquero, but you are all the same.”
Hayley tried to clear her throat but found it was too dry for even that. Instead, she leaned back against her door and watched as the city turned into desert, the limo kicking up a light plume of gritty dust as it traveled. 
It was apparent Sasha had been one of her girls. Shame and guilt swooped down on Hayley, engulfing her and burning her soul like she was already in the hell she deserved. She knew some of the horrible things Madame H. had been involved in, but now, sitting next to one of her victims, Hayley felt like she was being crushed by the enormity of it all. She had enslaved people. She had forced women into her service then made them prostitute themselves for her own gain without a second’s thought to their suffering and pain. She knew she deserved this guilt, this anguish, but she begged to have it taken from her. It would tear her to pieces. Soon, tears streamed down her face, leaving pink trails through the caked blood on her cheeks.
“Did I kidnap you, Sasha?” Hayley croaked, her throat burning.
Sasha glanced at her then looked back to Alejandro. “What the fuck is this puta’s problem, anyway?”
“She has no memory,” Alejandro answered. “She’s been in a fugue for days. She didn’t even know who she was until recently.”
Sasha looked over to Hayley again, who was staring at her somewhat blankly.
“I paid a coyote five thousand U.S. dollars to bring me to America. I paid him up front, cash. There was supposed to be no strings attached. I get here, I’d be free. We traveled at night and made it across the border. We walked for six hours, no water, no food, and desperate for help. Then, we were picked up in a van and taken to a safe house where we were told we would stay until the morning and then be freed to fend for ourselves. I would live in the United States and start my new life.”
Alejandro sighed and sat back, closing his eyes. Hayley thought he must know where this was going, but she did not. At least, she didn’t remember, anyway.
“But instead, I was raped, over and over again. They sold me to the highest bidder. Again and again. When I was sold by you for the last time, I met your man, Damian. You were his employer, no? We were not freed; instead he made us his slaves. He sold off the best-looking women but kept me. I was his favorite. Him and his… friend… they had their way with me many times, raping me, beating me. I wanted to find a way out, so I convinced his friend that I really loved him, to think we would be together. Be in love.” She spat on the floor of the limo again, disgusted at the thought.
“I was so close to escape… then I got pregnant. I told him this, and he was going to help me escape somehow. But he disappeared. Mierda. Damian must have known. I don’t know how, but after that, I was sent to live in a pig cop’s basement. He became my new master. I was a slave to him and his wife. Until I killed them.”
“That’s terrible,” Hayley breathed. Sasha only glared at her. 
“It was your fault.”
Hayley swallowed hard. She couldn’t deny it. The woman was right, but something about her story clicked in her brain. “Wait, what was the other man’s name? Damian’s friend?”
“His name was Jackson, Jack, or Jay. Who the fuck cares? I didn’t pay attention. He was supposed to help me, the lying bastard.”
Oh, shit!
“Wh—what?”

Chapter Thirty-Four


“I said I don’t know, you fucking cocksucker!” Jay spat out the words through a mouthful of blood.
Vincent sat in a chair across from him, watching silently. He looked up to the large-bellied man in an Armani suit standing above them. The man nodded to Vincent, and the smooth-skinned Portuguese man leaned forward.
“I believe you, Jay.” His voice was like a dark liquid, thick, rich with his accent, and so very smooth, like a syrup. More like a poison, Jay thought.
“Then release me already; they’ve already got a long enough head start!”
“Of course, Jay,” Vincent replied, a smile on his lips. With small diagonal cutting pliers, he snipped the thick plasticuffs from Jay’s wrists and then from his ankles. 
Jay rubbed his wrists and rotated his hands, stretching out the kinks. He’d been in this chair for two hours. Once Hayley had ditched him in the parking garage, Vincent had arrived to collect her from Jay, who of course no longer had her. Since then he’d been a captive of the Saudis, with Vincent, their bag man, keeping an eye on him. Jay knew it was Alejandro who’d taken Hayley, and after the Saudi forces were massacred in the hotel, Vincent had brought Jay to his boss, Rizwan, for a little chat. The little chat included a lot of electrical current and having his face beaten in. Fucking Alejandro, he was going to kick the shit out of him. Fucking ass!
“So, you will go with Vincent and his team, and you will retrieve Madame H. from this Alejandro,” Rizwan told him. Jay stood, stretching out his back.
“This would’ve all been avoided if you had just met me at the right time this morning!” Jay shot back at him. He had turned his back on Vincent to speak to the Saudi boss man, and now his head was jerked back into a tight choke hold. Cold steel pressed against his neck, and he could feel his arteries pumping against it. One wrong breath and Vincent would have his neck opened up.
The Saudi boss didn’t look angry, only impatient. “No, this could have been avoided if you’d brought her straight to me like you were supposed to instead of fornicating with her in that campground.”
Jay said nothing. There was nothing to say, really. The man was right, and he was lucky that he hadn’t simply shot him on sight. The feel of the knife against his skin was repulsive, and Jay wanted nothing more than to snap the Portuguese assassin’s arm and beat him to death. Yes, that would be nice, to do it with his own hands, squeeze the life out of him. Jay was brash but not stupid, and he knew Vincent would not hesitate to kill. Even though Jay liked to think of himself as the best, he had no illusions about this man. Vincent really was the best.
“We all must face the consequences of our own actions,” Rizwan said, in a voice usually reserved for teachers and professors. “As men, we are burdened with responsibility, and that must not be trivialized. You made a commitment, and you did not fulfill your end of our deal. Whether or not it was your fault is not my concern. You will deliver the Madame, or you will forfeit your life.”
Jay cleared his throat softly. “I will deliver her.”
The big man nodded to him, and Vincent released his iron grip on Jay’s neck. Jay turned and glared at the man. Vincent smiled at him pleasantly, his tanned face revealing nothing of the monster within. Vincent slipped the thin blade away into the pocket of his suit, and with long, delicate fingers, smoothed the silk coat out.
“When this is finished—” Jay began.
“I certainly hope so, Jay,” Vincent interrupted him.
“Yes, yes,” Rizwan said, “when this is finished you can sacrifice yourself to Vincent if you like.” He chuckled. “Like a Christian in the Colosseum. Leave now. I expect you back by tomorrow night.”
Jay glared at Vincent. The man, in turn, only smiled back at him pleasantly, politely. What a fucking creepster, he thought. What I would give to smack that fucking smile off his face.
As if reading his mind, Vincent’s smile widened just a smidge, and he held out his hand to Jay. “To a prosperous working relationship, Jay,” Vincent purred with his hand out.
Jay snorted in disgust and turned away from Vincent, heading for the door. “Let’s get a move on, you bastard. I want to get this done so that I can be rid of you.”
“Will this Alejandro return to his home compound? Or to the safe house where you hid with the Madame?”
“I wasn’t hiding.”
“Of course, Jay.”
Jay grumbled. “I’m not sure. I think he will head back toward his home. He has a small army of dedicated soldiers there. Whatever team you have put together, they’d better be experienced. This guy is not somebody to just go after half-cocked.”
“I think I understand. My team is very experienced. My brother and several of my more esteemed colleagues will be among them.”
Jay sighed, hating that he would be saddled with this man. Jay liked to work alone, and having Vincent at his side only reminded him that he was no longer free in all of this; he was now firmly under Rizwan’s thumb. Even though he didn’t like Alejandro, and in truth really did want a shot at him, the man was well connected, and the prospect of a head-on assault on Alejandro’s compound made Jay nervous.
“Let’s get one thing straight, Vinnie: I’m in charge out there. I’m the only one who knows the layout of the place, and there’s a chance that if Hayley sees me, she may actually come willingly. She trusts me.”
“Hayley,” Vincent murmured.
“What’s that?” Jay snapped.
“You have become too familiar with this mark, Jay. For that reason, and many others, you will not be in charge of this assault.” 
Vincent held open the large steel door, and Jay walked out into the evening air. It was still hot out. The cool night breezes had not settled in, but Jay was used to the Nevada heat. He relished it, actually, even if the unrelenting heat turned freezing overnight. The weather was so bipolar here. 
Jay was seething but followed behind Vincent as he led Jay to a black van. Several other men were milling about the outside of the van, and they nodded to Vincent as he approached. The men had the same slight build as Vincent. They looked more like stock brokers than soldiers, and Jay hoped they could hold their own. He didn’t give a god damn about them or their lives, but with his own neck on the line, he didn’t want any careless mistakes. 
None of the men offered to shake his hand, nor did they open the van door for him; instead they appraised him with disapproving looks. He could tell right away which one was Vincent’s brother and made sure he gave the deeply tanned man a double stink eye before sliding open the van’s rear door and climbing in. To his surprise, there were three more men already inside, chilling in the air conditioning, waiting. Behind him, two more men piled in, then Vincent and his brother took up the front seats.
“Is this all we have? Eight men?” Jay asked, not bothering to hide the incredulity in his voice.
“This is all we will need, Jay. When a team works together as well as these men, the need for excessive numbers becomes unnecessary and cumbersome.”
Jay snorted. “You sure are a cocky bastard. I just hope you don’t get us all fucking killed.”
He saw Vincent’s smile once again creep up his face, and he glowered. God, he hated that man. He promised himself that when his business with Rizwan was concluded, he’d beat Vincent to death, slowly, with his bare hands. Vincent’s phone rang, and he answered, spoke several times in Portuguese, then hung up, looking pleased.
“As I predicted, Alejandro is taking the Madame back to his home base in the northern outskirts of Las Vegas for safekeeping.”
None of the other men in the van spoke, so Jay did. “He is not a foolish man. There will be defenses in place. I’m telling you, an assault on his property is not wise.”
“A wise man would have taken the Madame and run with her, run to Mexico, or wiser yet, simply given her to me. Have you made any progress determining where our missing shipment is? Is has been many days, and I fear the goods my employer paid for may be… damaged.”
“You mean maybe starved to death or dead of exposure somewhere in the desert heat? Well, it’s a possibility, but Hayley doesn’t know where they are. She’s only barely begun to remember who she is.”
“And you believe this ruse of hers?” Vincent asked calmly.
“I do. She’s… broken. Weak. She was deceived by one of the product handlers, I know that much. I’m not sure if she discovered more before she lost her memory. I think she would have told me if she had.”
Vincent’s brother spoke in rapid Portuguese to him. The language was just different enough from Spanish that Jay couldn’t understand a damn word of it.
“Three hours until sundown, Jay, and then you can put what skills you may have to use.”
Jay cracked his knuckles as they rode. The van made many turns and finally pulled up to a very disreputable-looking storage unit. Two of the men disembarked, and Jay heard large cases being thumped into the back storage compartment of the vehicle. Weapons, he presumed, and a lot of them. “What’s your plan?”
Vincent took a moment to respond, and Jay had to calm his angered breathing. God, he hated this.
“Well, Jay, we know his home compound is fortified, that much you have told us. And I have several spotters surveying the area now. The surrounding area is just a bunch of slum houses. Degenerates, drug addicts, worthless dregs make up most of it. We will leave the van amongst the tenements there and move forward on foot. Once the compound is within range, we will begin heavy fire to occupy his soldiers while a smaller part of the team pushes forward and then waits for the firing team to catch up. We will leave no man standing.”
“Fire and move? And if they see us while we are approaching?”
“We will move with no lights; we will be invisible in the night. After we start firing on them, surprise will not be an issue. I told you we have spotters watching the compound. The Madame will not be able to leave without us seeing and intercepting her. I hope that you are not afraid of the dark, Jay,” he added with a smirk.
No, not the dark. Just what might be out there waiting for us. Vincent was underestimating Alejandro, Jay could tell that straight off, and it was a mistake that would end poorly for them all. Jay had a fortune on the line but also his life. I have to distance myself from them, but how? 
He wanted the Madame back badly, he wanted his money, and he wanted his Sasha, who he had not heard from in two weeks. That fucking cop who was renting her while Jay got enough money to take her away was supposed to check in with him every few days, but he had heard nothing. All the same, if he stuck with Vincent, he was sure to get killed. This Portuguese assassin had no real idea of the savagery the Mexican cartels were capable of, and Alejandro was deeply engrossed in their world.
This is going to be a fucking shit storm.

Chapter Thirty-Five


“The storm approaches, señora,” Alejandro said in a contemplative tone, standing in the living room and staring out of its large windows.
“Literally, I guess,” Hayley responded. She sat on the overstuffed sofa next to him, watching dark clouds cover the darkening skies. Hayley was medicated now, Norco and ibuprofen, and the swelling in her face had receded. Her nether regions were still sore, but the pain had been reduced to that of an unpleasant bout of rough sex; she could deal with it. What she was having trouble coping with was her rising fear and anxiety about the imminent attack on Alejandro’s home. She had refused to take the Valium he’d offered her. She wanted her wits about her.
“Yes, literally. We don’t often see rain here, but this will be a storm to remember. I expect there will be much flooding.” Alejandro looked over at Hayley. “This is good for us. The rains here are torrential. There will be little visibility, and radio communications will be difficult. Traversing the muddy landscape will be difficult, too. Our enemy will be hard pressed to succeed.” Alejandro sighed. “They are coming, the Saudi’s men, and I am told their team is small but very skilled. It will be a dangerous night, Hayley, but we will persevere. It now comes down to our wits and our metal.”
“How do you know so much about it?”
“I have many ears to the ground, and my people are all over this city. Many of the tenants in the buildings all around are people I have helped rescue from prison, border patrol, opportunists, or simply starvation. They are very loyal to me. We have located the Saudi’s spotters; they are watching this building from telescopes, and we are waiting for their strike team to arrive.”
“How will the attack happen, do you think?”
Alejandro clasped his hands behind his back and paced slowly back and forth in front of the window. “I don’t know what kind of man we are dealing with. If he had a large team and was a good tactician, he would surround the compound and move in hard, crushing our forces.”
Hayley frowned, and her heart thumped loudly. She didn’t like that idea. “Crushing our forces” was not what she wanted to hear.
Alejandro turned and winked at her. “But that would take a large force, señora. More than likely, they will play shadow games with us, distracting and moving, leapfrogging their way inside the ranch’s boundaries.”
“I really don’t like the sound of either of those,” Hayley said dourly. “Can we just call the police and ask for help? Surely they would come if they knew a firefight was imminent.”
“There will be no police involvement here. All of them scattered after the great cataclysm, and now they are afraid to venture into my lands because of the werewolves.”
“I see, uh-huh. What?”
Alejandro chuckled and shook his head.
Hayley wasn’t sure how to respond to that, so she sat silently. He was obviously joking, and his whimsical mood didn’t fit with the seriousness of the situation. Couldn’t he be serious for once? What was up with Jay and Alejandro joking when they’re about to die?
Sick bastards.
“There will be no police here. They have abandoned this part of the city. We will handle the situation ourselves.”
“Do you think we can? I mean, will we be okay?” Hayley was trying to keep the panic out of her voice.
Alejandro stood over her and held his hand out. She took his firm brown hand, and her own fingers seemed so tiny next to his. “We are never truly in control, señora. No one is. I cannot say what will happen or what will not.”
Hayley’s face drooped. This wasn’t the encouragement she was hoping for or expecting.
“But I believe that we will be victorious on this night, Hayley.” Alejandro had her locked in his gaze. His deep eyes were so dark they were nearly black. “And tomorrow, we will rise to face another day.”
“And what then?”
“Hmm?”
“What happens tomorrow, or the day after that?”
“When they were torturing us, they were trying to find the location of a stolen shipment—stolen or missing.”
“Yes, otherwise they probably would have just killed me, right?” Hayley asked.
“Without a doubt. Crossing the Saudis will get your head removed. The torture means they need you to find their missing products.”
“Women.”
“Yes. So, we have to find them.”
That actually hadn’t occurred to her. “Find the girls? But how? I have no idea where they might be.”
Alejandro stroked her face gently with his palm. “My doctora, Jasmine, is very skilled with memories. She will help you.”
“Oh, god….”
Alejandro smiled. “Nothing sinister, I assure you. Jasmine will not hurt you.”
“Then how will she get my memories?”
“She will not get them, you will get them. But she will help coax them out of you. Jasmine knows much of the human mind and body, and she can help heal you far deeper than just your damaged skin.”
She loved listening to Alejandro speak. His voice was so smooth and confident. She felt like she was listening to an author telling a story when he spoke to her, and she felt compelled to believe him. She wanted to heal, and she wanted to remember. Well, mostly. There were some things she didn’t think she ever wanted to see again.
Hayley blew out her breath. “So when can she start helping me?”
“I will call for her now if you’d like.”
“Okay, please. I want to find answers.”
Alejandro nodded and clicked a button on his phone, which made a soft chirping. A crisp female voice spoke, then Alejandro said, “Es hora. La mujer está lista.” He gave a quick smile and told Hayley Jasmine was on her way.
“Alejandro, I need to tell you something.” Hayley took a breath before continuing. “If we can find the missing women… I am not going to give them to anyone to be slaves.” She stared into his eyes, expecting anger or a reprimand. Instead he nodded.
“You have never done things the easy way, señora, I did not expect you to start now.” Jasmine entered the room quietly, looking demure and striking. “Please, go with Jasmine now, and find out what you can. You will be safe with her.”
“Will you be okay?” she asked as Jasmine came to stand next to her.
“Sí, I need to be with my people, and we will protect this home. No se preocupe.”
Hayley nodded and stood to leave with Jasmine. Alejandro turned away and went back to looking out his window at the darkening sky.



Chapter Thirty-Six


Hayley followed Jasmine toward the center of the house. It had a nice courtyard, surrounded by the house, filled with beautiful greenery, cacti, and flowerbeds. Oh, the flowers. They drenched the air with their magnificent scent, mixing into the desert air. 
Hayley sniffed. She wasn’t crying or even needed to do so; she felt an increasing numbness overwhelming her senses, blocking any pain leftover from the abuse she’d endured.
I deserved every bit of it, she thought. Things didn’t happen for no reason at all. There was always a reason events went in a certain direction, and Hayley knew exactly the reason why this was happening to her. One word: atonement. Sasha was proof of this. So was the pain she’d suffered through the past week. It’d all been a cataclysmic slam of karma turning it’s boar-like head back in her direction and ramming the shit out of her once-perfect bubble.
She was glad for it, though. She craved the harsh beating it had in store for her. Who else on earth deserved such punishment? She, more than anyone else in this world, deserved every last bit of payback heading her way, so she kept her mouth shut and moved along quietly as Jasmine opened the door to a room off the courtyard and led her down the stairs into a cool, quiet basement.
“Here, watch your head. The entrance is tight.” Jasmine pulled a rug off the floor and revealed a trap door leading farther into the underground. “There are secret passages and tunnels fortified with supplies all over this compound. Most are sealed with locks, but this one is the main escape. It leads out into the desert to another house supplied with getaway vehicles, guns, and more. We’re heading that way now.”
“We’re leaving? But I thought we would wait with Alejandro. I can’t run away. Not anymore.”
Jasmine groaned softly, obviously sleep deprived and done with Hayley’s demands. “I’m not asking you, güera. Alejandro wants you out of here. Safe. I follow orders, and so will you, or we will die. Got it? I don’t have time for your insolence.” She tipped her head, signaling someone now standing behind Hayley. She barely had time to glance back to see a band of three soldiers approaching, along with Sasha in handcuffs.
“Hmph!” Sasha growled beneath the gag in her mouth. It was an obvious risk to leave her unsilenced, so they’d gagged her. Hayley cringed at the thought.
“Can you undo her restraints? What’s she going to do? Run out to the Saudis and wave the white flag? They almost killed all of us. That includes her!” Hayley’s anger boiled over, and she could feel her face burning scarlet red. She didn’t care. If she was to atone for all her past actions, she should probably start with Sasha.
Jasmine narrowed her eyes, throwing her a pointed glare. The doctor in her glanced over to Sasha, assessing the risk of letting such a wild thing loose. After a moment of contemplation, her shoulders sagged, and she waved the guards off Sasha.
“Untie her.” She pointed at Sasha. “I’m warning you, if you try anything, we have orders to shoot you on the spot. Got it?” Her thickly accented English resonated in the room. Sasha met her stare eye for eye with equal contempt oozing out of her. 
“I understand.” Sasha let the guards undo her restraints, feigning a bite when they lingered too long. Smirking, she turned back toward Hayley and gave her a sickly-sweet smile complete with bright white teeth. “Don’t worry, Madame. I won’t kill you while trying to survive a gun storm. That’ll come later.”
“You don’t scare me, Sasha,” Hayley said, sounding braver than she was. “What scares me is that I’ll never make things up to you for what’s been done to you by my people. It wasn’t right, but that doesn’t give you any power over me. Got it?”
Sasha snickered but was interrupted by Jasmine ushering them through the hatch she’d unlocked and opened. It was pretty predictable to have the hidden hatch leading to a tunnel in here, but Hayley didn’t question it when she heard distant gunfire erupt outside the room.
“They’re here! Let’s go!”
They each went down the hatch one by one, tapping their shoes on the metal ladder that led down into a narrow tunnel that reminded Hayley of something that might have been used to smuggle slaves in a century long passed. Hewn out of the clay and rock, the tunnel extended into blackness far deeper than she could see. Large timbers, the type one might expect so see in an old silver mine, braced the walls and ceiling.
“My god, is this safe?” Hayley asked nervously.
Even Sasha, as unflappable as she seemed, looked up and around nervously.
Jasmine didn’t answer but moved forward, a large LED light in hand. The armed men followed behind with their own lights. In the white illumination of their flashlights, Jasmine’s round bottom led them, and Hayley saw why Alejandro was so fond of her. She was a strikingly beautiful woman. Hayley felt a little stab of jealousy then did her best to tuck it away. I was the one who left, she reminded herself.
Sasha, almost extrasensory in her perception of the situation, snickered just behind her. “She is much prettier than you, puta. I bet he fucks her every night.”
Hayley shrugged in the dark passageway, knowing that Sasha only intended to hurt her. She tried to let the crass words roll off, but they did sting. “He’s not mine to pine over. No one is,” she answered, trying to sound indifferent.
“Maybe I will fuck him too, cabrona. You can watch as you’re dying.”
“Silence!” one of the men behind her ordered.
Hayley felt a lump form in her throat. This life was still very new to her, and she hated, absolutely hated, that someone could despise her so much that they wished for her death. Did she deserve that hatred? Probably, but it still hurt. It made her stomach roll uncomfortably. That woman had been a slave, enslaved by Hayley’s employees, presumably on her own orders. It was sick; she was sick. And now, now what? What could they do with Sasha? She still wasn’t free, held captive here by Alejandro’s men. And if they released her, would she just slink away into the city, disappear from Hayley’s life? Not likely. She was intent on murder, on Hayley’s death.
“I wish,” Hayley said with a voice that grew weaker with every word, “that there was something I could do to make things right with you.”
“There isn’t,” Sasha sneered.
“I’m rich,” Hayley continued. “I don’t know where it is, but I know I have a lot of money. I could try to help you. Maybe if you had money, you could start over, somewhere far away from here. Maybe you could live the life you wanted before… before my people took you.”
Sasha was silent for a moment. “I do not want your money. I want your life.”
Hayley felt a sudden sharp pain as Sasha grabbed her hair from behind. The fiery redhead yanked her back by the head and slammed her onto the hard earthen floor then pounced on her, landing on Hayley’s chest and squeezing her throat with both hands. “And I will have it!” Sasha growled at her. “I will have your life!” 
Her voice rose into a loud roar, then there was a crack, and the crushing force on Hayley’s throat subsided. Sasha fell off her to the side, and Hayley saw Jasmine, the dark-haired beauty, standing over her, the long flashlight in hand. The light flickered a little, and Hayley saw that the lens had been broken.
Jasmine squatted down over Hayley, who was still on the ground, grasping at breath. “You seem to have trouble understanding, señora.” Jasmine panned her light over Sasha’s limp body. “That one will kill you. Do not speak to her. ¿Entiendes? Understand?”
Hayley nodded meekly, fresh tears in her eyes. “I understand.”
“Good,” Jasmine said. “Now get up, and stop making my job harder.”



Chapter Thirty-Seven


The van wove through the desperate, destitute apartment buildings, barely held together with aging concrete and stucco. There were shadows of tenants hidden on terraces or behind windows, but no one stepped outside into the waning twilight. It would be full dark soon, and the desert night would be cold. Cold and deadly. Drugs and death kept civilians off the streets. There were no street lamps in this slum of a neighborhood, which Jay felt was good for them. Three more blocks passed, and they could see Alejandro’s hacienda, a lone island paradise amidst the dregs of the Hispanic district in Northeast Vegas. It was grossly disproportionate to its surroundings, a sprawling complex rising out of the ruins of the city. 
The gate was only a hundred yards ahead when the van pulled into a nonfunctioning gas station and parked tight against the decaying cinderblock building. The complex was set apart just enough from the surrounding tenements that anyone inside had a clear line of sight all around it. They would have to traverse a football field’s length of open desert between the gas station and the gates. It was foolhardy.
“Where are your spotters?” Jay asked nervously as the group disembarked from the van and loaded up with M-16 automatic rifles and handguns.
“Four hundred yards back, on the rooftops. They will be watching carefully,” Vincent stated dryly.
“When was your last contact with them?”
Vincent looked bored by his questions but answered anyway. “Ten minutes ago. Everything is ready, and we will have radio silence from here on in.”
“Fine. But this is a shit plan.”
“Perhaps you will learn something tonight, Mr. Jay.”
Vincent motioned to the rest of the men, and they began moving forward in two tight groups. They had no night vision, but their rifle optics amplified light, allowing them to sight out targets much easier than an optical scope. In the darkness the two groups looked like pools of shadow, but Jay knew their quarry was no fool. Alejandro would be watching. 
After twenty yards, the front group signaled back that they had contact. Jay read the hand signals. Two men at the gate. The front group of men went down onto their knees. Jay watched the gate through his enhanced vision scope then found the two men standing there. Moments later, gunfire erupted from the front assault group, chattering loudly into the night. Both gate guards went down immediately, bucking on the ground a little before falling still.
Another hand signal. Moving forward. Both groups rushed toward the gate. It was flanked by brick pylons on either side. They reached the pylons and flattened their backs against them, a group on either side. Still no return gunfire from the complex. Jay could see it, another fifty yards away. There were lights on inside but no movement. It was as if a major nighttime incursion wasn't even happening, but the sounds of gunfire still echoed through the valley. There was no way they weren’t on high alert.
Vincent signaled, and the strike group moved, sprinting into the blackness between them and the hacienda. Five seconds passed, and Jay’s group followed. Then the gunfire came, but not from the compound. Screams erupted as automatic fire pelted them from behind. Jay dove to the ground and squirmed around. Two of his group had already fallen, and he used one man’s dead body as a shield as well as a rifle rest.
It was the two guards they had shot on the way in; they weren’t actually dead. Mother fuckers! They must have been wearing body armor. A fucking ruse! The two gate guards continued to lay down a deadly field of fire, then an explosion rocked the night. Jay turned again. The forward strike team was still running for the house, but the landscaping had been turned into a minefield. As Jay watched in horror, a bright orange blast erupted out of the ground, sending a body flying into the air. Then a gun pressed up against his temple. It was Vincent, panting hard.
“Move or die, Jay!”
Jay moved, sprinting with Vincent in a wide arc toward the ranch while the ground around their feet was peppered with gunfire. The forward team had made it to the house, but now gunfire was raining down on them from all directions.
“It’s a goddamn trap, you fucking idiot! I told you!” Jay screamed at Vincent. “Where the fuck are your snipers?”
In answer, a boom echoed overhead and one of the forward strike team dropped to the ground, his head a plume of red mist. Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck. Alejandro’s men must have found the snipers and taken over their positions. 
This is a complete fucking disaster.
Jay had no choice but to continue on. He cut toward the house, hoping to God a mine didn’t shred his legs. Vincent continued past him, ducking behind the garage wall. A moment later, Jay heard a fresh volley of gunfire from behind the ranch. He wedged himself in behind a large sagebrush, praying his position was obscured. Vincent was gone, probably hightailing it the fuck out of there. The idiot man never listened to Jay. Now he was stuck here, left to die.
Where the hell was Hayley? He had to find her. Had to get back on the right side of this infernal fence.
What the hell am I going to do now?

Chapter Thirty-Eight


Alejandro spoke into the phone. “¿Cuantos?”
“Seis. And we think there are two more. They are hiding.”
Alejandro frowned deeply, glancing around the room. “Find them, ahora!” 
He tucked the phone into his back pocket and sighed. He thought he’d heard something a moment ago, and now he was sure of it. It was the faint creak of footsteps coming from the garage hallway. Silently, Alejandro withdrew the two nickel-plated pistols from his shoulder holster, the highly polished metal slipping out of the oiled cowhide without a sound. He heard the creaking sound again and walked over to the wall and flipped off the overhead lights. The house went dark, and he waited. He knew the house far better than his intruder, who was probably already off balance from adrenaline or fear. 
He thought about Hayley making the long trek underground through the tunnel with Sasha and Jasmine. Even if they managed to evade the Saudis, he had no idea what to do with her. This new Hayley was like the one he’d known years ago, before greed, drugs, and power had wrestled the sweet girl out of his grasp. There was too much bad blood in this city now, enough to flood the desert, and Alejandro didn’t know if he was strong and influential enough to get her out of it. He couldn’t help but think of a life with this Hayley, with any kind of Hayley. 
He shook his head. It was useless to think of such things. Regardless of who she was today, Alejandro knew her darkness, and when Jasmine unlocked her memories, he had a terrible gut feeling that the darkness would consume her once more.
The footsteps were still coming, but more hesitantly now, and something in his gut told him it was Jay. Jay was a formidable predator, but he had wandered too far from his Las Vegas killing fields. Now he was on Alejandro's turf, and Alejandro meant to take him completely out of the equation. 
Alejandro lowered himself into a thigh-busting crouch, just below the kitchen counter that held the coffeemaker. He waited there without making a sound, listening to the carefully approaching footsteps. His intruder must know he’d been heard, or so Alejandro thought, which was why he did what he did. That, and he was no good at sitting around and waiting.
“Jay? Is that you over there? Creeping into my home where I offered you my hospitality only a few days ago?”
The creaking floorboards stopped, but there was no other response. Alejandro frowned.
“Come on, Jay. Come in here. Throw down your weapons, and we’ll sort this out like businessmen should. The rest of your men are dead now, and soon my men will return, and when they find you here… well, I don’t know what these caballeros will do to you.”
“They probably won’t do anything when they see I’ve killed their boss,” Jay said from what sounded like close by.
“So it will be a gunfight then?” Alejandro asked.
“To start, at least. Tell you what, I’ll come out if you turn the light backs on. Bit of an unfair advantage for you, if you ask me.”
“My house, my rules,” Alejandro said as he began to slowly creep across the room to the half-wall Jay must be hiding behind. The only sounds in the room were hard breaths from the both of them. He heard the rustle of fabric, again from around the wall. Alejandro crept forward and placed one hand against the painted drywall, listening for any movement beyond. 
And there it was, a soft sliding, a vibration that his sensitive hand picked up, like the sweet heartbeat of a woman beneath her breasts. Alejandro pointed both pistols at the wall and mouthed a quick prayer. Then he fired the weapons into the wall, the blasts coming in rapid succession, kicking his arms back as the house was filled with a deafening roar and the bitter tang of gunpowder. His ears rang with the popping echoes, and his eyes were filled with drywall debris. But he heard something else, a man’s scream and a thump as Jay hit the floor. Alejandro rolled through the darkness, around the wall, expecting to see the shadowy form of Jay lying dead on the other side. Instead, he stared straight into the single red dot of a laser sight.
“You’re a gambling man, Alejandro,” Jay said in the darkness. “Fortunately, I am too.”
Then Jay pulled the trigger.


Chapter Thirty-Nine


A misfire. A fucking misfire! Jay didn’t know if it was just bad luck—these things did happen—or the drywall debris clogging his gun’s firing mechanism, but when he pulled the trigger, nothing happened. And his adversary, whose face should’ve been halfway across the room right now, was smirking at him. In the gloom he could only see Alejandro’s white teeth as his lips curled up.
“That’s the thing about gambling, Jay,” Alejandro said.
Jay didn’t wait for another witty comment; he whipped the gun through the air like a Frisbee, striking the Mexican in the face. Alejandro let out a muffled cry, and Jay threw himself toward him, fists balled, ready to pummel the man into the ground. Alejandro was quicker than he thought, rolling onto his back and flinging his legs up to meet Jay, the double kick catching him squarely in the chest and knocking the breath out of him. 
He continued on instinct, landing on the ground next to Alejandro and slamming his fist down into what he hoped was his neck. Then a fist crashed into his face, and Alejandro was climbing on top of him. Jay twisted his torso, throwing an elbow out to catch him in the chin, then pulled out from under him. He grappled with the man in the dark, lashing out with blind punches that found very little purchase before finally getting an arm around Alejandro’s neck. Furniture, vases, and other knickknacks were sent crashing in the chaos, littering the ground and providing sharp bits to land on. Both men bled across the floor, scrap fighting as they rolled around trying to best one another.
Finally, Jay managed to clamp down with his arm, putting all the pressure he could onto the other man’s neck, trying to choke him out or, even better, break his neck. Alejandro slammed his head back into Jay, smashing his nose and causing a warm trickle of blood to erupt there. Jay did not relent, and his arms, honed into weapons through years of training and strengthening, were locked on tight. Nothing would pry them loose, and every time Alejandro tried to strike at him, Jay’s hold tightened, like an anaconda, squeezing the very life out of the man. He could feel the thick thumping of the man’s heart in his neck, the wheeze of his breaths, his last breaths, as they struggled to move past Jay’s muscles. Alejandro was dying. His hands flopped around a little, trying and failing to grab hold of Jay. 
It wouldn’t be long now.
Then a blinding light flooded the room, and Jay’s eyes squeezed shut on reflex. He didn’t release his hold on the man though. Alejandro was growing weaker, no longer bucking but wrapping his desperate fingers around Jay’s arm, digging them into the flesh in a futile attempt to free himself. Footsteps sounded behind Jay, and he tried to turn and look but couldn’t without losing his grip. Quite suddenly, a gun barrel jammed into the back of his head, and someone screamed at him in a slew of Spanish curses and demands.
“Let him go now or die, pendejo!”
“Then we can die together,” Jay responded, pushing onto Alejandro’s airway even more. The brown-skinned man’s eyes were practically bulging out of his head now.
The gun barrel was moved from his head, and a roar of pain and sound filled the room. His leg exploded in agony, and Jay fell off the now-limp Alejandro and onto the floor. The fucking asshole had shot him in the ass! Jay fell onto his stomach next to Alejandro. He rolled to his side so that he was looking up, staring into the face of a young Mexican man in dark green fatigues pointing an AR-15 at his face. A thin wisp of smoke rose from the rifle’s barrel. Another green-clad man brushed by and knelt by Alejandro. The first soldier didn’t take his eyes off Jay.
“He’s barely alive,” the man said, lifting Alejandro’s head and checking his airway to make sure it was open.
Despite the pain, Jay could not keep the smile from creeping over his face. The soldier’s eyes narrowed, and the gun barrel twitched, just a little.
“Go ahead, do it, bitch. You won’t get another chance,” Jay snapped at him, grinning all the while. Blood streaked his face, his nose destroyed by Alejandro’s efforts.
His head was jerked back hard, and a long, sharp blade was drawn across his throat. Jay held himself motionless, feeling the blade’s fine edge begging to part his flesh.
“Careful, gringo,” a deep voice said. It was the man who had been kneeling next to Alejandro. “Around here, we will skin a motherfucker just for fun.”
Jay heard several pained coughs then Alejandro’s voice. It was weak and wheezy. “No. Bind his wrists and bag his head. We’ll find something special for him later.”
Another cough.
“Sí, señor,” replied the man holding a knife to Jay’s neck. “Are you all right, señor?” 
Jay thought there was more concern in the man’s voice than was usual between a soldier and his superior.
“He’s a tough fucker, that’s for sure,” Alejandro grumbled. “But then, I’ve been out of the game for a while, I suppose.” Alejandro sat up. He was rubbing his neck gently, his color returning to normal.
Jay could see that his eyes were bloodshot where the capillaries had burst within them. At least he’d left a lasting impression on the man; he would have bruises for weeks. Jay’s arms were pulled tightly behind him, but the knife was removed from his throat. Jesus, these people and their knives, he thought. 
“So what now, Mr. Big Cartel Boss? Bury me in sand and let the fire ants get me?” He tried to sound defiant, but in truth, he was nervous. These cartel guys were just as ruthless and sadistic as the Saudis. Maybe more so.
Alejandro chuckled then grimaced. “Is that what you think I am, Jay? A monster?” He shook his head. “No matter. Not for you, anyway.” Alejandro sighed, and Jay thought he saw regret in the man's eyes, though it was tough to tell, as puffy as his face was now. “The funny thing is, I don’t even like all this.” He gestured at the men and the weapons. “I abhor killing. But let’s be real here.” And with this, Jay saw the man’s eyes turn to steel. “You do have to die.”



Chapter Forty


“This is ridiculous. I worked hard to get to the United States, and you bring me back here to this wretched dump once more? You’ll be paying for my way back, güera!” Sasha snapped, pacing the living room of a small hacienda in the hills surrounding Tijuana. “Pinche madre. I hate this place!”
“It’s best to hide for now. Alejandro is joining us here, and this is our safe house. We’ll be protected from those insane mobs back in Vegas. It was the only logical choice.” Jasmine drilled her eyes into the Hispanic beauty, ready to choke her. Hayley could see that bringing her here with them hadn’t been in the original plan, but when Jasmine got the call from Alejandro to meet him here, she did as she was told. “I already have my contacts working on passports and new identities for us all. We should have no problem crossing back into the US.”
Sasha scoffed, shaking her head as she went to stand by the large picture window overlooking the shanty town of Tijuana. Hayley observed the beauty, wondering if she should be careful of her still. Alejandro’s men had accompanied them here and kept a close watch over the psychotic girl, but that did little to ease her mind that the woman was going to kill her one day for what she’d been through.
Let her, Hayley thought. Death was appealing to her more and more as time went on.
“We have pressing matters to attend. Hayley.” Jasmine waved her over to the couch, where she sank into the immaculately white, soft fabric. It was a high contrast to how Alejandro furnished his house back in Vegas, but she could tell he never came here. He would toss this furniture out in a moment’s notice, declaring it bland and unfit for a home. Hayley smiled at the thought. She agreed. Somehow she knew things about Alejandro only a lover, or someone truly close to him, would’ve known. At least she had a huge chunk of her puzzle back, knowing her children were somewhere in Mexico, safe with their nana.
But not in my arms.
She frowned at the thought and curled her legs up to her chest as Jasmine gathered some items and sat next to her on the couch.
“I was trained in the art of hypnosis before I worked for Alejandro. I’ve used it successfully on several patients to ease their heads when the mind gets too heavy. ¿Comprende?”
Hayley nodded. She just wanted the woman to get it over with.
“Okay.” Jasmine leaned toward the coffee table where she had placed a metronome, its mechanical arm ready to start ticking whenever she started it. Hayley watched her set it up before Jasmine lit some incense and let it waft around them. It was pleasant, but the smoke stung her eyes and nostrils. “When I start the pendulum, you’ll stare at it as I speak to you, got it?”
Hayley nodded and waited for her to start the device. Jasmine moved the arm, and it began a rhythmic tick as it gently swung back and forth. Hayley stared at it, already feeling sleepy and somewhat entranced by its smooth sway and the beat clicking away in the silence of the room.
Silent except for Sasha’s incessant sighing as she stared out the window. She knew what was at stake here; Hayley’s memory had to be unlocked if they were to get out of this jam, but did the woman care? Probably not. Any chance she got, she’d try to kill Hayley again if she could. In the meantime, she was under their custody, and it irritated her even more.
She moved to leave the room, but a guard blocked her path. “I need to throw up. My stomach is not so good,” she told the guard. When he eyed her suspiciously, she gave him a shove. “Move or I’ll just throw up all over you. I’m pregnant, estupido!”
“Let her by,” Jasmine snapped, losing patience with the racket in the room. 
The guard stepped aside but followed Sasha as she made her way to the bathroom. It was a secure compound with bars everywhere. There would be no escaping this place tonight unless you had the keys to open the reinforced metal doors. Hayley hoped they wouldn’t be needing them any time soon.
“Hayley, the pendulum. Concentrate on it. Relax as you watch it move back and forth, listen to the beat.” Jasmine redirected her to the metronome, and Hayley let the woman’s voice soothe her fried nerves. Jasmine was a true healer, potent with her voice as well as her touch. The doctor reached out and caressed Hayley’s cheek as she disappeared into the beat, feeling like she was floating and no longer sitting down.
“Listen to the clicking. You’re lost in your head, searching for all you’ve known before. Let the beat show you where it all lies. Your past, your future. Who you are will return to you now. Feel my skin, warm, soft. It tells you of times you’ve loved, the men you’ve shared your bed with and given your body to. Let them caress your bosom, kiss your nipples and wet your insides with their tongues. Feel their caresses as you remember who you are. You know everything. It is all there. You just have to unlock it, Hayley. Let go. Swim a little inside your mind.”
Jasmine leaned forward. Hayley eyes were locked in a faraway gaze, her eyes glazed over and her mouth slightly parted. Jasmine kissed her lips, slowly sucking on her bottom lip before Hayley reciprocated and let her mouth invite Jasmine’s awaiting tongue. The women kissed while their hands lifted to each other’s bodies and caressed the womanly curves they both possessed. 
Hayley could no longer see Jasmine. She could no longer differentiate between her and what her mind replayed before her eyes, showing her all she ever had known and yet had forgotten completely.
“Hayley, take my hand.”
She peered up to find Alejandro kissing her nose and smiling down at her.
“Come on, preciosa. Don’t be afraid. I’m pretty harmless.”
He took her into his arms and pressed her generous breasts against his chest, his hardness greeting her thigh with an enthusiasm her body responded to. Warm wetness met her folds below, dampening her panties to fulfil the desire she felt raging through her body as she inhaled the very essence of Alejandro through her nose, taking in his scent and enjoying the feel of his heavenly body next to hers.
It was stifling hot against him, and she wanted to tear off his clothes.
“Alejandro, where are we?”
“In your dreams, where we always will roam. Happy, loving, and doing what we please.” He kissed her mouth hard, bruising her lips as he took her in, his tongue playing with hers, wrestling and twisting, hot and wet.
“I don’t ever want to leave here.”
“You don’t have to.”
He took her in his arms and lifted her up onto a ledge overlooking an expansive garden. He raised her dress and ripped off her panties.
“They’ll see us….” She panicked and darted her eyes about, positive they were not alone.
“There is no one here but you and me, mi amor.” He leaned in, tasting her pert nub. She gasped, the feel of his tongue sending shivers up her spine and out into the peaks of her breasts. Shivering, she widened her legs even more to give him better access. He pressed on, flicking his tongue across her clit and caressing her entrance with his fingers. He slid them in and out, spreading her wetness where he was going to fuck her senseless soon enough.
“Oh, baby, that feels so amazing… don’t stop!”
He didn’t plan to, and she knew it. He loved to suck her clit and lick her until she’d gone numb and desperate for him to give her all of him. His cock throbbed, pushing against his dress pants, begging for release. He’d get what he wanted. Hayley never could resist his advances and melted under his fingertips. She was the perfect woman for him: gorgeous, intelligent, and with an insatiable hunger for his sex. It helped that she was pregnant with their first child, a fact that made her absolutely irresistible to him.
“What of the girls, my love? Where did they go?”
“Shhh.” There would be time to discuss the girls later. She let her head roll back, her hair dangling down her back and grazing the crest of her buttocks. “Oh, god, Alejandro… please… I can’t….”
“You want me inside you?” He wasn’t really asking.
“Yes!”
He unzipped his pants and helped her down from the ledge, turning her around in a half pirouette and pressing her shoulders down to bend her over enough for him to enter her. He paused, letting his cock tease her entrance as she squirmed, begging for more.
“You love it when I fuck you, don’t you?”
“Yes. Please….”
“Hard or slow?”
“Hard. You know how I like it.”
He loved how she begged. Her whimpers ignited something in him no other girl had ever even come close to. He was going to fuck her hard all right. He was going to get her pregnant over and over again if they kept at it like they had. The thought of that made him want to explode all over her back already, but he sucked in a breath, closing his eyes as his tip edged along her folds, coating himself with her cum. 
“I love you, Alejandro. Please don’t make me wait. I need it.”
He pushed in, letting her envelope his cock, feeling hot and slick just for him. He pumped slowly at first, building up the momentum until he had a good rhythm going. He slammed against hers as she gripped the ledge to anchor her body against his.
“Yes, baby! Oh, yes….”
He pumped, letting her ass slam against his hips, loving the view. Her flesh was so creamy and smooth against his brown, rugged skin. He’d been out in the sun this summer, and he loved the contrast of their bodies. Like two perfect beings fusing together.
“You’re all that I want….”
He came inside her, feeling the ripple of orgasm stealing his breath away as his seed shot hot and quick inside of her. She sighed with bliss, leaning over the ledge for support. Her legs were weakened by the waves of orgasms Alejandro incited within her. He was the best fuck of her life.
“I love you.”
“Te quiero.”
“I want to be like this forever.”
“Me too.”
“But what of our children?”
The scene changed, and she sat with Alejandro at breakfast in the same Hacienda, one she hadn’t recalled until now. It was in northwestern Mexico, deep in the deserts of Sonora, surrounded by nothing but dirt and death. It was safe here. He’d grown up here.
“I will keep them with me.” Alejandro was unhappy, his lips tight and his jaw tense. “You cannot raise them there. I won’t allow it.”
“And if I refuse?”
His eyes met hers, but the love and lust that had once danced there was absent at this moment. Not because he didn’t love her but because the pain overshadowed the good in them.
“You won’t.”
“I won’t abandon them.”
“You didn’t.”
Hayley stared at her husband, Alejandro. He was her everything, but the dark SUVs were packed to the brim with her things, waiting to take her to the private airplane on a private and to the secluded airstrip of Alejandro’s. That plane would take her back to the US, where she’d just inherited her Aunt’s business. Madame of Las Vegas. Prostitution. Human and sex trafficking. It was what she’d grown up around and bred to one day command, to take the reins and lead the business. She was already primed for it. It was her family’s business. She could not turn her back on it. 
“And our children?”
“We’ll go get them. All in good time.”
Hayley felt there was something missing. Something she wanted to know and ask her mind. 
“And the girls? Where are they? The missing shipment?”
Alejandro’s face morphed into Sasha’s, who leaned in on her, reaching out to her, encircling her neck as she sat in Hayley’s lap before bending down to kiss her on the lips.
“The girls. They are here in Tijuana. Find Hector Carlos Artez. He’ll have the girls waiting for you. He’s been wondering what the hell happened to you.” 
Then Sasha reached up, a knife in hand, and as a faraway scream left Hayley’s throat, the woman slashed it over and over until her dress was crimson and her eyes dimmed to nothing.
Hayley gasped, waking up to find Jasmine and Alejandro staring down at her, their eyes full of morbid curiosity and the metronome no longer ticking away in the back recesses of her mind. That didn’t mean her heart wasn’t in her throat, racing and ready to have her jump and run away as fast as she possibly could.
But there was no running this time. No. This time, Madame H. was standing her ground and taking back what was rightfully hers to set free. She was ready to end it, now.
“I know where the girls are.”


Chapter Forty-One


“I know Hector,” Alejandro said with strong distaste. “He’s filthy. Scum.”
Alejandro and Jasmine stared at Hayley as she paced in front of the sofa, telling them of her hypnotic memories. She left out the more “sensitive” parts of the vision, but the way Jasmine watched her, with a little smirk on her face, Hayley felt she somehow knew. It made her feel naked even with all her clothes firmly buttoned on. Jasmine had peeled off the security blanket of her fugue, and now Hayley was exposed to all. Hayley cleared her throat, pausing before shrugging mechanically. She didn’t have a response, to any of it. Her life was far from making sense.
“It’s coming back to me like déjà vu; broken and not entirely real, but the memories are there.” She blinked and peered up at her two companions.
“Why are the girls here in Mexico?” Jasmine asked. “Your Saudi buyers were in Vegas for the transaction.”
Hayley glanced at Alejandro, surprised by how much Jasmine knew, but he too shrugged and motioned for her to continue. She was obviously more involved in his business affairs than he admitted. It made her wonder if they’d been lovers at some point. She looked away. If they had been, she didn’t want to know.
“I think… I know that there was someone working for me—against me, rather—within my operation. Someone who was trying to undermine me, to circumvent my channels. I don’t quite have it all there yet,” she said, pointing at her head, “but I know there was a reason I was hiding the shipment, like I was afraid of an ambush or something.”
Alejandro blew out a long breath. “Okay, mi querida, we’ve got a little figuring out to do.”
“What? We go to Hector, get the girls, and then—”
“Yes? And then what?” Alejandro asked. “We smuggle them back into the US, give them to the Saudis, and hope that they don’t still kill you?”
“I won’t give them to the Saudis. I won’t give them to anyone,” Hayley said, with both defiance and defeat in her voice. Tears began forming and falling down her face. “Jesus, Alejandro, what the hell am I going to do?”
“Free the women and turn yourself over to the Saudis,” a cold female voice said from across the room.
Hayley had not realized Sasha was there, staring at them silently, hearing every word.
“It is the only way justice will be done,” she continued. Her face was cold and hard, merciless and unflinching. Just looking at her made Hayley shudder.
“Shut your mouth, mujer,” Alejandro snapped at her. “You are lucky to still be alive.”
“No, Alejandro. Don’t,” Hayley silenced him, and though tears streamed freely down her face now, she nodded to Sasha. “She’s right, Alejandro. It is the only right thing to do. I have imprisoned them; I have raped their innocence and stolen their freedom.”
“We will set them free, Hayley. We will make sure they are safe.”
“No. Setting them free is not enough. Those men will continue to hunt for me, and that hunt will bring them to you and to our children.” Hayley stared at Alejandro with frightened eyes. “They will kill us all.”
“Hayley,” Jasmine tried to interject, but Hayley shook her head fiercely.
“You know it’s true. They’ll kill everyone. But if I give myself to them, maybe….”
“This is ridiculous!” Alejandro scoffed. He stood and held Hayley with both hands. “I have waited so long to find this you again, I will not watch as you kill yourself.”
Hayley watched him as he gazed at her. There was so much in those rich, dark eyes. There were years of emotion there, in fact, and in that moment Hayley knew that he still loved her. And she also knew that because of his love for her, his judgement would be off. She knew what she would have to do to keep him safe, to keep her children safe, but she also knew that he would never let her. So, when the time came….
“Alright, Alejandro, we’ll think of something,” she told him, trying to convey earnestness in her voice and in her eyes. “First things first, we have to get the girls. They could be in real trouble if Hector is a scumbag like you say.”
Alejandro frowned then nodded. He pulled out his phone and drifted away from her. Hayley glanced at Jasmine, who was watching her quietly. Hayley knew she was a smart woman, and she knew that Jasmine didn’t trust her. The dark-haired medic was analyzing her every move.
“Hey, puta.”
Hayley turned to face Sasha then immediately regretted responding to the nasty name she had been called. “What is it, Sasha?”
“Have you heard of a man named Jay?”

***

“Tijuana,” Jay muttered. He knew where he was just by the smell. It reeked like shit. He hated this place. He was in a room with no air conditioning, a single small bed with some threadbare sheets, and a bucket set against the wall for him to piss into. He’d been in the room for two days, a fact he knew only from the cycle of the sun outside the small, block glass window. The first day he’d yelled and threatened until his voice was hoarse but had gotten no response from the guards who stood outside his door. They never spoke, to him or each other, but he knew they were there by the shuffling of their feet every few hours.
Jay rolled off the bed and groaned as he did so, immediately regretting putting pressure on his shoulder and his wounded ass. Yesterday he’d been determined to break down the door to his “cell” but only succeeded in injuring himself. That and the healing gunshot wound he’d gotten from Alejandro’s man had left him feeling like meat through a grinder. Weak from exhaustion and dehydration, he hadn’t been fed or given anything to drink since he’d been brought here. Jay walked over to the bucket and let a few drops of urine leak from his body. He sighed and rubbed the back of his head. It was still very tender where he’d been struck by a rifle stock.
“Well, I didn’t see this coming,” he said to the stifling hot room. A month ago he’d been rolling in money and women. And now this. And now he was going to die, locked up in what was probably a little shack somewhere in the filthy streets of Tijuana.
“That Alejandro is a cruel motherfucker,” he mumbled. He wished the Mexican had just put a bullet in his head. At least then it would be over. He could’ve died like a man, in battle. “Now I’m going to die of heatstroke or dehydration.”
He paced the room in a slow, languid limp. He didn’t have the energy for much more than that. He thought about Sasha and about his son, his prince, that she was carrying. He’d never see them again, not now. He wasn’t sad, exactly, but disappointed. He’d had big plans to rule once Madame H. had been taken down. But that was all fucked up, and it was partly Damian’s and partly his own fault for not delivering her when he had the chance. 
A son of his own; what a thought. The things he could have taught him, traveling the world, making new connections, and finally passing his legacy on. “But that isn’t going to happen… because I’m stuck”—his voice rose a little—“in this room”—his voice rose even louder, to a shout—“in this fucking shit hole!”
His strength gave out with his voice, and Jay slumped down next to the bed, landing hard on his tailbone and wincing. Then someone knocked on the door, seven times, to the happy tune of “Shave and a Haircut.” It was so ridiculously cheerful that Jay thought he had imagined it, an auditory hallucination brought on by days of high heat and dehydration. But then it came again: rap-raprap-rap-rap…rap-rap. Still confused, Jay pulled his body off the floor and walked over to the door. He stared at the steel door for a few moments then reached down and turned the knob. It turned in his hand, and he yanked it open with a good, hard jerk, shocked. Before him stood the obscene sight of Alejandro smiling at him.
“Good afternoon, Jay,” Alejandro said, his voice deep but cheerful.
Jay’s face was blank. “What the fuck are you doing here?”
Alejandro chuckled. “Good to see you too, Jay. How’s your backside?” Alejandro nodded to someone that Jay couldn’t see, and he was handed a plate of food. It was piled high with fresh-from-the-grill food: rice, two burritos, and a heaping of beans and cheese. His stomach rumbled loudly enough for everyone to hear.
“May I come in, Jay?” Alejandro asked, not waiting for an answer as he stepped into the tiny cell. It was a ridiculous question, but Jay was still dumbfounded, so he could do nothing more than back up to allow Alejandro to enter. The Mexican man was dressed in a light khaki linen suit, perfect for the high temperatures. He walked past Jay without another word and turned his back to him to place the plate of food on Jay’s bed. Then Alejandro motioned for Jay to sit.
 Jay hesitated, out of sheer confusion, but the prospect of a meal won over his suspicions, and he sat immediately. Alejandro still smiled at him. The man’s dark face was heavily bruised from their fight, and one of his eyes drooped a little. He waved toward the door, and a young man in a casual outfit with a pistol at his waist came in with a bottle of water and handed it to Jay.
He had never eaten a better meal, and by the time he was scraping the last bits of rice from his plate, Jay was feeling groggy from fullness, and his stomach was sloshing. He hoped to God he didn’t puke. Alejandro watched him the whole time he ate, which was only about five minutes. Jay’s mental faculties were returning to him. What a difference a little nourishment made.
“So, why aren’t I dead?” Jay asked him.
Alejandro’s eyes narrowed as he beamed at Jay’s obvious satisfaction over the food. 
“You like my cooking? I made that.”
Jay didn’t answer the question, instead wiping his mouth as he glared at his opponent. “What do you want?
“I have a suspicion that I might be able to help you.”
Jay scoffed. “Help me? As in how?”
“To get all you desire, and more.”
Jay couldn’t believe it. The guy was a whack job if he’d ever seen one. Even though his face was healing well, it was still hard to read Alejandro. The guy was a pro at hiding his true emotions, and Jay didn’t like that. He was apt at getting info on the enemy with little effort, but not this guy. He’d been completely taken aback by his relationship with Hayley. Hell, maybe Hayley was behind the door having the last laugh as her lover questioned him.
“Where the fuck is Hayley?”
“Hayley doesn’t matter. Not in this conversation.”
“Bullshit.”
“Why would I lie to you?”
“Because everything and everyone revolves around Hayley. You know it, I know it. Don’t drop this load of crap in my lap and expect me to digest it with joy. She’s got something everyone wants, and the one who gets it is going to be the one who comes out on top. There’s nothing you can do to stop me from getting what I want from her, and I suggest you stop trying to stop me.”
A flicker of emotion flashed behind Alejandro’s stoic façade, but he wiped it away with a genuine smile that even reached to his dark eyes. “You’re not that smart, are you, gringo?”
“Fuck you.”
“I’m not here to do that. I am here to make you a deal.”
Jay pressed his mouth tight, biting into his lip until the taint of blood swirled across his tongue. He was done trying to make deals. Vincent was probably lying dead in a pool of his own blood out by Alejandro’s hacienda. Anyone who crossed Jay and was foolish enough to think they could take him out always ended up dead. Even though he technically had nothing against Alejandro, besides that he was stuck in a prison due to the guy, he just wanted to get the hell out of there. They’d evened up whatever bad blood lay between them. They had both fought to near death, and there was nothing but respect toward one another after that.
“I’m listening,” he muttered. Whatever the mojado had to say was better than nothing.
“What’s Sasha got to do with you?” Alejandro asked but didn’t wait for Jay to answer. 
“I know she’s your prize. She asked about you, you know? I propose that if you take her away from here and promise to never seek out Hayley and any of this business again, you may go. But first, what is Sasha to you? I want to hear it from the horse’s mouth.”
Jay’s eyes widened like bright moons draining the light from the stars. “How do you know about Sasha? Where is she?”
“All in good time, cabrone. Tell me, did she promise you forever? Did she press her generous chest on you as you whispered sweet nothings? Did she tell you she was having your child? Would she ever die for you? Would you for her?”
“Give her to me, or you’ll be sorry. Don’t push me, Alejandro.”
They eyed each other, sizing one another up in the dim light of the cell. If Jay wasn’t so weak, he’d have jumped up to rip the Mexican’s head off.
“I don’t have to push. The rest always falls away.”
Jay swallowed. “If you hurt her….”
“That was never in the plans.”
Jay let out a breath of relief and settled back. Well, that did put things into perspective, didn't it? What the hell did this cartel boss want? “Then what are the plans?”
“I asked you a set of questions. I want the answers first. Then you can get yours.”
Jay frowned. Divulging personal information wasn’t his thing. He thrived because no one knew the real, deep down, dark Jay. No way was this brute going to know it all either. No one had all the pieces of Jay. He’d give just a taste and see if it satisfied Alejandro.
“Sasha is my wife. She’s going to have my baby. I need to protect her.”
“Would you die for her?”
Jay scowled. The guy was an idiot. “Of course.”
“Would she for you?”
Jay paused, thinking back to when he and Sasha were together. She’d done him good, kept him more than satisfied to the point he needed her more than she needed him. He’d been addicted, a junkie for her love. He’d had to get a hit of her so often, he’d slipped and gotten her pregnant. What an amateur, rookie mistake. Never get a girl knocked up, even one as sexy as Sasha.
“I’m sure she would die for me.”
Alejandro smirked, his smile stretching his cheeks up to meet his bottom eyelids. His teeth were damaged, chipped from getting the beating of his life, but Jay was sure the guy had the best dentist this side of the border.
“I’ll take her away from all this. I swear it. I’ll never look back. I just have one request.”
“What’s that, güero?”
“I need to ask Hayley what I mean to her.”
Alejandro lifted an eyebrow, genuinely interested and baffled at the same time. “Why would you request that? She’s nothing to you.”
“I need to ask her that myself.”
The Mexican snorted and shook his head before heading out the cell and letting his guards lock the door behind him.
“You’ll see Hayley one last time, gringo. Make it count.”



Chapter Forty-Two


Hayley eyed the expanse of rooftops cluttered with laundry dangling from wires. These shanties were the dregs of the city. This place was a shithole. Why anyone would vacation here was incomprehensible. There was nothing here but severe poverty. It was a tourist trap where the locals were encouraged to peddle their cheaply made wares just for the Ameri-quekis, a slang name they called them and American-born Hispanics attempting to translate for them. No manners whatsoever. She cringed at the derogatory slang terms used to describe her back when she’d walked these streets. She’d been here before. She remembered it now.
She’d come here years ago, after she’d left Alejandro in the hacienda to meet some contacts who were part of her late aunt’s business circle. There were reasons to visit this slum, and one of them was to tighten her hold on the business and set herself up as reigning queen of the trafficking circle before anyone else dared to step in. Her grip had to be iron fast, so Hayley had made her way through the tourist district of Tijuana then up the staircase leading to the second floor offices above one of the rotting city’s many seedy clubs. Her stomach churned as she remembered her contact insisting that she give him a blowjob to prove her trustworthiness. At the time it has seemed worth it, but the memory of the taste of the guy’s cock made her want to puke even now.
The things she’d done for power. For money. She was disgusted with herself more now than ever.
Jasmine’s hypnotism had worked well. Too well. The rush of her life’s work had already made her lose her lunch twice, and a third time was threatening to seize her stomach. She needed something to distract herself, and she needed it soon. It’d been over a week since they’d been attacked and nearly killed. Her body had healed well, and all the wounds had scabbed over, peeling away to show the bright, fresh skin beneath. Even Alejandro had his gorgeous smile restored, with crowns that shined like nothing had happened. She had a chipped tooth in the back of her mouth, but she let the sharpness of it cut her cheek and bleed to remind her of all her evil deeds.
Pain was the only reality, she decided. It reminded her that she was still only human and made mistakes. It reminded her that she had a lot to answer for, and bleeding was nothing compared to what she deserved.
“Hayley?”
She turned to find Alejandro watching her. The bruises under his eyes and across his chin had faded to an unsightly yellow, making him look paler than he really was. His smile warmed her insides, where she hadn’t been aware icicles were forming. Her frosty thoughts had left her shivering even though it was hot outside on the balcony of the mansion Alejandro owned on the hilltops above the slums of Tijuana.
“Yes?”
“Are you ready to go?”
She nodded. They were going to meet up with Hector Carlos Artez, her contact for the missing shipment of girls. Seeing him again was the last thing she wanted to do, but luckily, with Alejandro at her side, he wouldn’t be trying to get her to do anything vulgar this time around. Alejandro would shoot him the moment he tried anything, and for that, she was eternally grateful. 
“Alejandro?” She waited on the balcony, beckoning him to come closer.
He paused, trying to gauge what was going through her mind. His eyes raked down her body and back to her face, an inquisitive look on his own. “Yes, mi amor?”
She motioned him closer and he stepped forward until his body was inches from her. She reached out to touch his tender cheek, still discolored and fractured beneath the skin. It’d been puffy and angry a week ago, but now it had flattened out, and the color was the only thing betraying the pain of their ordeals.
“Kiss me.”
There was nothing he would not do for her. She could see that now. Why had she ever left? When had power and money become more necessary than love? How had she severed this for so little? She wanted to turn back the years to find that moment and see for herself the whys and the hows of it all. All the reasons why.
His lips pressed against hers, hungry, wanting, needy. Hers responded with as much, if not more. She craved him, and all the memories bled out like fresh wounds in the back of her mind. Tears spilled down her cheeks.
“Niñita, why are you crying?” Alejandro cupped her cheeks, pushing the drops off her skin.
“Why did I leave? It wasn’t worth it. None of it. Why did I do such a vile thing?”
“You had your reasons.”
“They weren’t good enough.”
His eyes darkened with sadness, but his lips pressed tight. “You did what you needed to do. It didn’t work out. Not all things in life go the way you want. It’s a hard lesson, but that’s the way things are. Now, let's go talk to Hector and get the shipment back. Then you decide what you need to do next. Got it?”
She nodded, squeezing her eyes shut. The last of the tears slid down her cheeks, and she felt Alejandro push a tissue into her hand. 
“No, preciosa, wipe your face, fix your makeup, and you remember who you are. Hector can see all weaknesses. Don’t give him any ammunition. ¿Comprende?”
Hayley again nodded, blinking away the sting in her eyes. She had a bad feeling about all this. Hector, the shipment… things didn’t make sense to her.
“And after all that? After we free the girls, what then? How do I fix anything? How do I get rid of the Saudis?”
Alejandro straightened and stared out toward the city, where the sounds of people shouting and the mixed smells of food and foul sewers permeated the air. The late afternoon kept the heat sitting on the town, letting it all fester.
“Afterward, have no doubt; we’ll be killing them all.”
Hayley swallowed the rock forming in her dry throat. She needed water. It was dry here, but she was sweating now. “And when we kill them all? What’s after that?”
Alejandro’s charming smile returned, and the warmth of it settled her nerves a bit.
“We’ll get there. No rush, Hayley. One breath at a time.”



Chapter Forty-Three


Hector’s offices sat above a nightclub which was silent during the daylight hours. They weren’t really offices but back rooms stacked with papers, an older model computer, and an ancient metal desk probably discarded sometime in the late sixties but placed here as the sole desk in the room. The creaky old metal chairs they sat in were uncomfortable as was the aroma of food constantly wafting in from the restaurant that occupied the rest of the second floor.
Only gringos and lost tourists coaxed into eating and herded up the stairs were present in the eating area, chomping on questionable tacos and drinking tequila shots because the water was unreliable. It was open to the outside air, and the lack of breeze was only slightly eased by the constantly spinning blades of the fans spread across the ceiling.
There was no fan inside the office, but a small air conditioning unit on its last leg, hummed as it clicked on every now and then and spit out slightly less warm air. 
The place was stifling, and Hayley’s clothes were already sticking to her back and chest. She wore a low-cut white and brown sundress with low, two-inch white heels. Sitting as straight as she could manage, she felt the sweat drip down her back and swallowed back her nervous energy. Alejandro sat next to her, seemingly relaxed in his dark grey slacks, dark boots, and light blue button-up shirt. He looked like he was watching a play or a movie, so nonchalant there wasn’t a bead of sweat on his face. 
He had a way of being intimidating yet quite composed under pressure, like a panther about to pounce on its prey. It was stunning, yet she knew it was all a front to dig into Hector.
Hector sat on an equally uncomfortable metal chair and held a pen between his large, tanned hands. He flicked his eyes back and forth between Hayley and Alejandro, scrutinizing each one without holding back. He didn’t care what they thought of his obvious suspicion; they were in his territory, and two of his men were standing just outside the doorframe with their guns in view just in case someone decided to object.
Great.
“What exactly is the problem, Hector?” Hayley asked, keeping her voice calm and steady. “You have my shipment, and I am here to collect.”
“Mm-hm,” Hector mumbled, tapping the pen on the desk.
“Mm-hm, what? Hector, really, it’s hot as balls in here, and I need to get my merchandise moved.”
Hector’s gaze moved to Alejandro. “Alejandro, it has been many years.”
Alejandro nodded.
“Why are you here?”
“Doesn’t matter why I’m here, Hector. Let’s get our business done.”
Hector slapped the pen down on the desk, and a broad smile stretched out over his thick lips. “What happened to your compadre?”
Hayley saw Alejandro’s face darken, and she leaned forward. “Enough of this, Hector,” she said, raising her voice. “Where the hell are my girls?”
Hector sighed as if he was bored with her, another typical outward projection of his confidence, meant to frustrate and intimidate them, but Hayley wasn’t intimidated. She was getting pissed, and she dug her fingernails into her palms as her hands balled into fists.
“You’ve left them with me for over a month, Madame. I need to be compensated for my extra expenses.”
Alejandro slipped a hand into his jacket pocket and withdrew a large fold of American money. “¿Plata? That should cover your ‘expenses.’”
All this posturing, all this bullshit. Jesus, she was sick of it. Hayley felt ready to snap. Her face was starting to ooze sweat, and her dress was thoroughly plastered to her body. Finally, Hector stood and picked up the large fold of money. His large hands briefly thumbed through the money before stuffing it into his pants pocket. His rotund belly hung over the desk. He moved with such deliberate slowness, and just watching him purposefully take as long as he could was driving Hayley nuts.
“All right then, Madame, you can get these bitches off my hands.”
Her teeth ground a little, but Hayley stood as well, with a curt smile on her face. She followed behind Hector as he led them down through the nightclub and into the musty basement of the building. It wasn’t a basement like she’d had in the states; the foundation of this building was just large stones mortared together. The walls leaked water and whatever else from the outside environment, and a layer of moss grew over the walls. They walked through a narrow hallway until a steel door appeared on the right. Hector fished a key out of his pocket and turned it in the handle then pushed the heavy door open.
As the yellow light from the basement crept into the otherwise black room, Hayley saw scared, filthy faces. The girls were backed against the far side of the room, pressing themselves into the wall and away from Hector as he moved his bulk inside. One of his men handed him a flashlight, and he shined it over the women. There were eleven of them. They were all naked and thin, cowering together. The room held only a toilet and a handful of blankets which had been spread over the floor. Hayley could see that Hector had endured major expenses taking care of the women. They looked like they hadn’t eaten a real meal in weeks.
All because of me, Hayley reminded herself and had to fight down tears. Those tears were replaced with anger.
“Let’s load them up,” Alejandro said from over her shoulder, his voice as cold as her insides felt. Hayley nodded, watching the blank faces of the women. They were so scared that they looked beyond emotion.
“Can I see that?” she asked Hector, motioning to his flashlight. He nodded and slapped the heavy Maglite into her palm.
She swept the beam briefly over the women before the animal inside her awoke once more, and this time it would not be silenced. With a burst of rage, Hayley pirouetted on one foot and swung the flashlight around and up at Hector. His face lit up with surprise just before the steel Maglite smashed into his chin. The impact shattered the flashlight’s head, but the three big D cell batteries inside held tight in their casing, and Hayley drew back her bludgeon and hit Hector again. The man’s face crunched a little, and he went down hard, blood pouring out of his mouth and nose. Hayley spun toward the door where Alejandro was wrestling with one of Hector's guards. They had stripped him and Hayley of weapons when they’d arrived, and Hayley didn’t know if Alejandro was completely back up to speed after his encounter with Jay. Thankfully it didn't matter.
The second guard burst into the room with his gun drawn and pointed it at Alejandro. But Hayley was only a step away, and she brought her flashlight down on the man’s wrist, hearing a crack as the bones broke, and the gun fell clattering to the floor. She dove for the gun then picked it up and held it up against the head of the man struggling with Alejandro. The guard stopped fighting and raised his hands. The man whose wrist she had just broken was in a ball on the floor, whimpering. Alejandro backed away from the man, who held his hands above his head.
“Did you have any part of it?” Hayley asked coldly, her finger twitching on the trigger. “Did you help abuse these women?” The man said nothing, but his eyes widened.
“Every day,” a small female voice said from behind her. “Every day they rape us and beat us.”
“Hayley—” Alejandro began, but she pulled the trigger anyway.
Alejandro did not speak to her on the way back to his home in Mexico. He was pissed. Hayley understood that, but she didn’t feel bad, didn’t feel remorse. Hector had been eliminated, and if it were up to her, every man like him on the planet would suffer the same fate. 
They were in a shitty brown Econoline Ex van with small, oval-shaped windows letting only a sparse amount of light into the back cargo compartment, which was packed with partially covered women. Hayley had searched through the nightclub but found nothing but aprons and towels for the women to cover themselves with. After all they’d been through, offering them something, any kind of bit of modesty, seemed mandatory. Alejandro backed into his driveway, and Jasmine came out of the house to meet them. She opened the back of the van and ushered the women out and into the house. They didn’t seem any less terrified. Of course not, being shuttled around like cattle, and now into yet another strange place where god knows what might happen to them.
“Jasmine, please get them showered and fed,” Alejandro said, but Jasmine had already waved him off and was showing the women into the house.
Alejandro put out an arm and stopped Hayley as she was trying to pass him. She glared at him then saw the worry in his eyes, and her gaze softened.
“Ale, I’m… I’m sorry for all the trouble. I just….”
“I don’t have women’s clothing. Just some fatigues, but those will be better than nothing. And they cannot come to the States with us. Even with the best fake-ID man in Mexico, we could never pull it off.”
Hayley’s eyes dropped. “What will they do then?”
“I will try to find them work and temporary housing until they are ready to leave on their own. I’m afraid I can’t do more for them. Mexico is not a forgiving place, especially for young women.”
Hayley nodded and thought about Sasha, the spicy Mexican seductress who had tried to assassinate her. She too had grown up in Mexico, emotionally and physically abused. And now? Now she was a vengeful shell of a woman. Hayley hated to think of anyone growing up like that.
“And what will we do with Sasha?” Hayley asked. “She’s chilled out a little, but I’m sure she’d jump at the first chance to kill me… or both of us.”
“Sasha is a whole other matter, one I’ve been meaning to speak to you about.”
Hayley and Alejandro began walking toward the house. She was glad he was speaking to her again, but the mysterious tone in his voice when he mentioned Sasha had Hayley worried. She started at Alejandro, waiting for him to continue.
Alejandro cleared his throat. “Well, Jay is still alive, and he is here in Mexico.”
Hayley’s heart dropped at the same time her stomach was doing a flip.


Chapter Forty-Four


Sasha heard the garage beginning to open and paused for a second. There was a grunt beneath her, coming from the guard she was on top of. He was one of Alejandro’s men. Of the many, this one had been left behind to supervise her, but it had not taken Sasha even two hours to get his pants off and him beneath her. Slowly she started moving again on top of the man.
He was loving it, letting her rock her hips and jiggle her ample breasts in his face. Hunger flashed through his eyes as he widened them, taking all of her womanly curves in like he’d never been fed such sexual gratification before. Men were so easy to tame, and it was worth the small disgust it threw into the back of her mind.
All men were malleable, yet none could be trusted.
“You like fucking this pussy, don’t you, mollato?”
“Ay, sí….” Alejandro’s guard was pathetic. He couldn’t think with his dick shoved deep inside, sliding in and out as her legs flexed and her body responded to the motions. It was good, yes, but nothing compared to what she had planned next. It wasn’t so much the act of sex that thrilled Sasha, it was the violence, the adrenaline, and the treachery behind the act. She was a sadist as much as a masochist, living for the thrill of watching the light fade from a man’s eyes. It was an odd need she couldn’t put a finger on. The call to snuff out the life between her legs was urgent, demanding, and whispered in her ears like a siren’s call she could not deny.
She leaned forward, sliding her hands up to the man’s neck. Beneath his neck, there was already a rope made from the sheet she’d ripped and braided tautly. She casually draped it over his neck, weaving it under his head without his notice as she jerked her hips harder and his eyes rolled back into his head with a groan of infinite pleasure. He was oblivious to his plight as she slowly tightened the braided rope more and more. 
When it was secure enough, she quietly pulled the loose end tighter. The other end of the rope was knotted to the leg of the metal bed which was bolted to the cement floor. Such stupidity would cost this idiot guard his life. And as he was near cumming inside her, sweaty and dreamy eyed as she rocked harder, she gave the rope a final hard tug and wrapped it around her arm, bending back and straightening so she would be out of the man’s grasp as his arms began to flail, reaching for his throat.
The gurgling sound that followed was less than tasteful, but Sasha closed her eyes and let the pleasure of the guard’s body bucking beneath her stifle the noise of his death. His arms flailed, his mind unable to focus. His nails raked some of her skin on the way down, but she welcomed the pain, relishing how centered it made her feel. Pain was life. Life was nothing but an endless amount of emotional agony, but physical pain, that was something real. Something solid she could grasp onto without too much effort. It anchored the madness in her head whether she’d admit to it or not.
“Shh, cabron, you’ll meet your maker soon enough. You don’t want to be remembered as a woman, screaming and wailing, do you? Shhh. Screaming is for birthing, not for men of your caliber.” She laughed, a haughty sound that echoed out of her chest but didn’t travel far. She didn’t want to draw any attention. A chuckle would suffice as his suffering ended and her orgasm rippled through her body.
The man beneath her quieted, his last attempts at fighting ebbing away as the light dulled, glazing over his dark, nearly black irises.
“That was good, hombre. Muy bueno.”
She tossed the rope to one side and jumped off the now flaccid guard. She shook her head, already feeling the draining effects of their tryst. She sighed, reaching down to rub her now rounded stomach. She couldn’t be sure how far along she was, but it had to be around four to five months. A small movement responded to her touch, causing her to pause and pull her hand away. Pregnancy was a real thing too, but it felt no more real than an existence free of pain and suffering.
She rolled her shoulders, an ache overtaking her muscles she’d never known before. She really was getting tired of using her body to get her out of messes. The life within was demanding and sucked the energy from her muscles without effort. 
Brushing the troubled thoughts away, she dressed in the dull grey shirt and sweatpants she’d been given to wear while held prisoner here. None of the clothes fit around her slightly bulging waist, and it was less than flattering. Nevertheless, they were comfortable and clean.
It was odd that they fed her and clothed her well here. There’d been no rape. It’d been her own conscious choice to seduce the guard and escape. The entire situation, with the Madame now calling herself just Hayley and Alejandro’s presence, was puzzling. 
Doors were opening and closing outside now, and she heard voices coming from the garage, which was just on the other side of her bedroom wall. With no security to watch her, Sasha slunk out of her room. Four long strides pressed close to the wall and she was in the kitchen. The door between the garage and the house opened. They couldn’t see her yet; the kitchen was around the corner, hidden from view. Quietly, she pulled open the first drawer she came across, and a large smile snuck onto her face. It was the cutlery drawer, and Sasha withdrew a long carving knife, the kind with a shiny, serrated edge.
People were walking through the hall. Sasha crouched down, waiting and watching, ready to strike as soon as the Madame or Alejandro came into view. But it wasn’t either of them that she saw; it was a ragged line of even more ragged women. As Sasha watched, hidden behind the wall, she counted eleven women, all walking in through the living room toward the bedrooms in the opposite wing of the house. These were the missing women everyone had been talking about. They had found them.
Watching the women filled Sasha with a great unease and uncertainty. She remembered being one of those women, brown, thin, pretty, and abused. They were treated like fucking cattle by every man they met, and even some women too, like the notorious Madame H. So what were they doing here? Going to be reprocessed and repackaged for sale in the US? Had to have them pretty, otherwise the rich white guys might not want them. Or worse, their ragged condition might evoke a little sympathy or guilt, something no paying customer wants to feel. Then Jasmine, the dark-haired, dark-skinned doctor filed in behind the women.
“Okay ladies,” Jasmine said, “there is plenty of water for everyone, so take your time in the showers. Just remember to take turns. And you’re welcome to use any of the bedrooms in this wing, but you’ll have to bunk together for the night. We’ll get some food once you’re dressed.”
It was strange; the doctor was speaking to the women like regular people. She wasn’t giving them orders. In fact, she was giving them options. Again, Sasha was filled with uncertainty, but she gritted her teeth and made up her mind. It was now or never. Time to attack.
She moved with the quiet ease of a panther, sprinting across the eighty feet of living area to where Jasmine was. When she was only a couple of feet away, she launched herself in the air, bringing the stolen carving knife up over her head, aiming for a fatal blow into Jasmine’s neck.
Only it didn’t happen. Just before her knife hit, Jasmine spun, leaning back and away from Sasha while one foot snapped around. The powerful roundhouse kick caught Sasha right in the chin. Her head snapped back, and she crumpled onto the floor, dropping the knife as she fell. Jasmine walked up and stood over her, thinking she had defeated Sasha. But Sasha wasn’t done yet, and she launched herself up, delivering a punishing blow to Jasmine’s crotch.
“¡Puta!” Sasha cursed as Jasmine avoided her hit, grabbing her wrist and giving it a twist behind her back, holding the tall, curvy girl in place and pushing painfully at her arm. “¡Suéltame! Let me go!”
“You need to calm down. We are not the enemy. Not anymore.” Jasmine tightened her grip while Sasha struggled. Jasmine put a knee into the back of Sasha’s leg, and she fell to the ground, forced into a kneeling position with her back to Jasmine. She heard footsteps approaching over the carpet.
Another person stepped in front of them and calmly said her name. “Sasha.”
She stopped her attempt to escaping and stared hard in disbelief at the one man she never thought she’d see again.
“Jay… no puede ser.”
Jay smiled, his strong American face lighting up as he looked down at her. “I am here, my love,” he said and held a hand down to her.
Sasha looked from Jay to Jasmine and back again. Her arm was on fire, burning as the muscles stretched and the tendons tried desperately to hold on while Jasmine did her best to rip them out. Then she relaxed, and the tension from Jasmine’s grip instantly eased. She took Jay’s hand, and he helped her up slowly.
“What is happening here, Jay?” she asked a little breathlessly. She was torn between excitement and exertion, anger and confusion. More footsteps, and she turned to see Alejandro and Madame H. come into the room. Alejandro held a pistol at his side.
“We are at a very dangerous intersection here, senorita, that’s what’s happening,” Alejandro said. He looked to Madame H.
“We have some decisions to make,” Madame H. said.
Sasha sneered at her, but Jay guided her away, to the kitchen area. Jay sat atop one of the three barstools. Madame H. and Alejandro stood on the other side of the kitchen peninsula, six feet from Jay, as if they wanted to keep a barrier between them. Jasmine stood at the end of the long granite peninsula. She cradled a short, snub-nosed weapon in her arms.
“What do you want from me?” Sasha asked. She stood next to Jay but did not sit; there was still far too much energy racing through her for that.
“We don’t want anything from you,” Madame H. said. “We want to be left in peace.”
Sasha snorted.
“I know you have suffered, and I know it’s my doing, but I cannot change that now,” the Madame continued.
Sasha flinched a little as Jay touched her hand. She glanced down to see him looking at her. She forced a smile and took his hand.
“What can I do to help you?” H. asked.
“I don’t want anything from you,” she spat back.
“Then what can we do to make you go away?” Alejandro interjected abruptly. H. glared up at him, but he shrugged and looked at Sasha expectantly.
Sasha was silent. She hadn’t thought about what was next. Her only goal after her imprisonment had been H.’s demise.
“What did you want when you first bought your way into America?” H. asked.
They were all staring at her now.
“I wanted freedom. I wanted to be done with this life and this place.” She gestured around her.
“What life?” Jay asked.
“Fucking for money,” she replied bluntly. “Or,” she added, “fucking for nothing.”
Jay flinched a little. “What about for love?”
Sasha shrugged a little. “I don’t know what that is.”
Jay reached up and covered her hand with his other one. “I love you, Sasha. That’s what that is.”
Sasha nodded but remembered the months being locked away in Damian’s cell, Jay coming down to fuck her brains out whenever he wanted. She remembered his thick white cock slipping down her throat while she was locked in a dungeon. He had used her just like every other man. Maybe he fell for her too, if men like Jay were capable of such things. She suspected he was just obsessed with her though. Then again, he had married her, a forced informal ceremony with an officiant for hire no doubt blackmailed or coerced into service at gunpoint.
She rubbed a hand over her belly unconsciously. Jay placed one hand over her belly as well. It was his baby… or was it? She didn’t know. She had been pumped full of so much cum, it could be anyone’s at this point.
“So what do you want, then?” Alejandro said.
Sasha felt a sense of unreality settling over her. Madame H. and Alejandro in the kitchen across from her, Jay next to her, his hand on her belly, the life inside her. She wasn’t in chains or zip ties, she wasn’t locked up. But was she free? The baby within her moved. No, she wasn’t truly free, was she? She was in a different kind of service now, one she hadn’t paid much attention to or given any thought to. She was now in the service of her child.
“I want… I want me and my baby to be free. In America. No strings.” She looked over at Jay, who was still looking at her adoringly.
“But you still want to be with me, right?” he asked.
Sasha looked from him to H., who said nothing but raised her eyebrows.
She didn’t know.


Chapter Forty-Five


Hayley paced the floor of the safe house, wringing her hands and cursing quietly every few steps. Back and forth she went until her feet hurt and she slid onto the couch, defeated.
“How much longer are we waiting here? I need to get back stateside and finish this mess with the Saudis. I need it to be over.”
“Un momento, preciosa. You haven’t talked to Jay. When he’s done making up with the girl, he’ll be answering a lot of your questions. I doubt he wants to return to the side of the Saudis. In fact, I probably should have had him killed if not for your and Sasha’s interest in him. If she lacks the motivation to keep him wrangled, I’ll take care of the gringo.”
“No, wait. Okay. Look, let’s just talk to him and see if he can help us. I don’t want to off anyone anymore. Please. Just don’t.”
Alejandro smiled, scoffing a bit as he lit a cigarette and blew the smoke out the open window. “I never thought I’d hear you plead for mercy, Hayley. It doesn’t become you.”
“I’m not the person you once knew, Alejandro. That woman is long dead. The things I’ve seen, the things I know now, well, let’s just say there’s a lot more to everything and everyone than I ever knew possible. Even Jay.”
“This Jay… what is he to you?”
Hayley swallowed hard, glancing at Alejandro and come up with the right words before they were interrupted by a person walking into the room.
Jay.
“Hayley.” Jay held out his arms, and she walked to him and stopped before falling into the hug. She didn’t fail to notice the sting in Alejandro’s eyes as he moved his gaze from them back to the window, once more inhaling the cigarette smoke, and then dropping it to the floor and crushing it with his shoe. He looked far from happy as he turned toward them.
“I’ll leave you both to chat. I have some things to attend to.”
“Wait.” Hayley stepped forward but stopped as Jay tugged on her arm.
“Let him go. You heard him, he’s busy.”
“But….” Hayley groaned and stepped toward the sofa, sliding back into her old, well-used seat and sighing as Jay took the seat next to her. “Why does everything have to be so complicated?”
“Life would be quite dull if it wasn’t, right?”
She nodded, rubbing her forehead before turning toward Jay. “So what’s going on? What does all this make us?”
Jay leaned back. “This isn’t what I pictured in the end, but I guess, for once, I feel pretty safe, and I’m sure you do too.”
Hayley studied Jay’s features, taking in every detail: the small scars lining his lips, a fading black eye, his gorgeous, dark brown eyes gleaming back at her, his dark curly hair. He looked like he’d been through hell and had lived to tell about it. She felt the same way.
“I do feel safe. Alejandro always knows what to do, where to go, who to trust. I’m truly lost without him.” She peered up at Jay, who suddenly looked like a cast-out orphan. “And yours too, Jay. There’re still so many blank spots in my memory, and you seem to be able to flesh them out. I need both your help if I’m to take back Vegas. I know you have Sasha to tend to, so take your time, but anything you can suggest to help me get my ground back in Vegas, please tell me.”
Jay nodded, feeling relieved that he was still useful and that Hayley wasn’t planning to kill him. He sat forward, leaning on his thighs. There were things that could be done. He’d infiltrated the Saudis, yes. He’d been part of the group going against Madame H. and had even been tasked with getting close to her. But what those men didn’t know was that Hayley had sent him first, to become a double agent and fool her enemies into thinking he was one of them. His loyalty was never to anyone but her. He hoped she knew that.
“Okay. I’ll draw up the layout of their hideout in Vegas and write down how many of them are left after all that’s happened. Locations, names, and ties to any other organizations… it’ll be in your hands in the morning, I promise.”
“Thank you, Jay.” She hugged him again, and he felt a prickle of warmth ignite his lower middle. 
“There’s just one thing I need to ask you, Hayley. Would you do me a favor?”
She let go and peered into his eyes. He could see fear, curiosity, and fondness in her expression. 
“Yes, Jay. What do you need?”
“Sasha wants to help the other women—any women you’ve sold through your business—to gain freedom. Will you release those records to us? You won’t have to do anything else. I’m going to help her when this is all done.”
Hayley’s eyes gleamed at the suggestion. “I have to agree with her. I’d very much love to help those women too. You’ll get what you need after this is over, I swear to it, but first I need something else.”
Jay beamed at her, eager to hear her one request of him. He never thought loving two women would be easy, but Hayley and Sasha were not that different. He adored them both and would die for either of them. After all they’d been through, they deserved it.
“Yes, what is it?”
“Promise me that you’ll take care of Sasha and your child. I’ll give you anything you need, but keep them safe and happy.”
He furrowed his brow, puzzled. “Of course. That’s all you want of me?”
Hayley smiled, her eyes watering as she spoke, “And don’t forget me. You know where I’ll be if Sasha tires of you.”
He laughed and nodded, appreciative of the offer. “Thank you. You take care of yourself, okay?”
“I will.”

Chapter Forty-Six


Vincent watched the Latina woman, the doctor, as she led the women, their women back out of the house. They got into a long white van and backed out of the driveway. Vincent put down the spotter scope as the van rolled out onto the street. He picked up the map from the passenger seat, a little prop he’d brought along, and held it up in front of his face, hiding his features from view. He expected the van to slow as it passed—the woman doctor seemed very sharp—but apparently she had her hands full with her passengers, because she drove by his small rental without so much as a second glance.
The rest of them were still in there, he knew. Alejandro, Jay, Madame H., and the other woman. She was a wildcard. Vincent didn’t know anything about her, but she was inconsequential in his mind. He didn’t worry much about who the woman was or where her allegiances might lie. He thought for a moment about stalking up to the mansion himself, that minute, and murdering them all where they stood. That would be foolish, he concluded. He had underestimated this Alejandro once before, and it had cost him dearly: the lives of his brother and other fine associates from Portugal. Instead he pulled out the prepaid phone he had purchased in Arizona. He called Rizwan.
“Yes?”
“They are all here.”
“Together?”
“Yes, they are all in Alejandro’s home in Tijuana.”
“So they have been working together this whole time?”
“It appears that way, sir.”
“And what news of our shipment?”
“The women just left, escorted by one of the Mexican’s people.”
There was an uncomfortable silence.
“How should I proceed? I can only track one or the other, the shipment or Madame H.”
Vincent heard Rizwan sigh on the other end of the line. His employer was becoming more and more dissatisfied with this situation.
“I have concluded that this shipment will be a loss, Vincent. It is not good business, but these types of things come up. My business with Madame H., however, that has not concluded. I want her and her little friends here to face me. I want to watch them all die, one by one.”
Vincent smiled. “As do I, sir. As it happens, I am thinking they may come to find you on their own. Alejandro is a man who thinks he is in charge. He will want to eliminate threats to the Madame, and logic would tell us he’ll be heading back to Vegas to confront you.”
“Very well. I want you to stay very close, Vincent. There are to be no problems with them getting here, to me. Lead them if you have to, but make sure they get here.”
“I will do that. And when the time comes, I will slice their eyelids from their faces and then laugh as they drown in their own blood.”
“There is another matter, Vincent.”
Vincent didn’t speak.
“I invested a significant amount of money in your little raid on Alejandro’s compound here in Nevada. I am quite disappointed with the return I received on that investment.”
Again Vincent was silent. Sweat formed on his forehead as the vehicle heated up simultaneously. This wasn’t good at all.
“There is not only the matter of your contract but of your professional reputation as well. Do not disappoint me further, Vincent.”
Vincent took a breath and then answered, “Yes, sir.”
Hours passed before a sleek black Mercedes sedan rolled out of the driveway. The windows were all tinted solid black, impenetrable. That would be them, he thought. Vincent got his car rolling before the sedan reached the end of the driveway. The doctora might not have been paying attention, but Alejandro sure as hell would be. Besides, this was the way to the highway into the States. Vincent raced ahead and turned sharply then pulled his car into a driveway, tucking it up behind a heap of trash receptacles which looked like they had been waiting a century for the trash to be picked up.
Ten seconds went by, and Alejandro’s sedan passed. Vincent watched in the rear-view mirror. The black Mercedes did not stop or slow when it passed. Good, he had been undetected. Vincent was about to reverse out of the driveway when a loud rapping at his window startled him. He looked over. There was a large, shirtless, brown-skinned man looming over the driver’s side window. He held a small rifle—it looked like a .22—and was tapping the barrel on the window. Vincent groaned. Just what he needed, a fucking local. Vincent engaged the power window with one hand while slipping the other into his sport coat pocket. As soon as the window was down, the large Mexican man leaned in, with his rifle pointed at Vincent's chest.
“¡Pinche dinero, ahora!”
Vincent sighed. These fucking interruptions were gnawing at his last nerve. He moved so fast, the man at his window hardly had time to blink. Vincent pulled the silenced 9mm from his coat pocket and fired from the hip, hitting the large-bellied man twice in the chest. Blood erupted and cascaded down the man's rotund stomach as he staggered away. Vincent slipped the car into gear and backed out fast, not bothering to watch his victim fall and die. He was a minute or two behind Alejandro now, but he knew where he was going, and his quarry would not be escaping this day.
Their hours were numbered. Vincent would make sure of it.


Chapter Forty-Seven


Alejandro was on the phone for hours on the long drive back to Las Vegas. He was tracking down the Saudis and arranging firepower for them when they got back. Hayley sat quietly in the passenger seat, staring out the window as miles of desert passed. Alejandro was speaking in rapid Spanish, driving with one hand, then dialing and speaking again in Spanish through the Bluetooth hookup of the tricked-out Mercedes. She could pluck out a few words and understand him, but most of the conversation was a loss. To say Hayley felt out of the loop would be a vast understatement. She was taking an inventory of what she knew of her life, and it was not putting a smile on her face. 
Jesus, the things she’d done. There was more than enough to fill volumes of books, things she’d never forgive herself for and choices which turned her stomach until she felt like throwing up. Hayley shook her head. At least all the sex had been good. She was allowed some pleasure, was she not? But all those women… yeah, that was the problem right there. Hayley wondered just how many women she had sold into slavery. Based on what she knew of her own wealth, it must have been hundreds, if not thousands, of women. Could she ever atone for that? Should she even try?
Nothing could atone for it, not even an entire lifetime, no matter how badly Hayley wanted it.
“Hey, puta,” Sasha snapped from the back seat.
Hayley glared back at her. “What?”
Sasha chuckled next to Jay, who joined in and slapped her on the leg.
Hayley just shook her head. She had to stop responding to “puta.”
“So, these Saudis, the ones that are gonna kill you… are they waiting for us?” Sasha asked. The woman had a serious lack of tact, and Hayley’s empathy for her was wearing thin.
What does this woman want from me? She waiting for me to confirm this or something?
“Probably. How should I know?” Hayley finally answered, staring out at the unrelenting desert surrounding them.
“Do they sell the women like you do?”
“I don’t do that anymore.”
“Whatever, puta. Are they slavers too?”
Hayley narrowed her eyes at the woman then let out the breath she was holding. “Yes. They buy the women from me and other brokers, and then they turn around and sell them overseas or to the local hidden dealers in the States. It doesn’t matter where; they are all in it for the money. I have no idea what happens to them after that.”
“I do,” Sasha said, matching Hayley stare for frigid stare.
Alejandro hung up the phone. “Do I need to pull this car over?” he snapped like an angry father. “Enough with the vindictiveness.” 
“No,” Hayley said, touching his arm. “We were just talking. Did you find out where the Saudis are?”
“Sí. Their boss is a man named Rizwan. He and his inner circle of men are staying at the Lady Luck Casino just off the strip, near downtown.” He looked over at Hayley and then back out the windshield. “We are going to hit him tonight, before he finds out we’re back. We only have the element of surprise once.”
Hayley nodded, though she was lost in thought again.
“Jay and I have decided to help you eliminate the Saudis,” Sasha announced from the backseat.
Alejandro glanced back at her in the rear-view mirror. “I do not think that would be a good idea.”
“I do not care what you think, gaucho. I won’t allow them to live as long as they enslave women like me.”
Jay chuckled. “You need all the help you can get, Alejandro. Once we wipe them out, you’ll be done with us.”
“I don’t like it, gringo,” Alejandro blew out a long breath. “Well, que sera, sera. It’s your funerals.”
“Like you care,” Sasha huffed, sitting back into her chair and crossing her arms, shoving her tits up near her chin. Jay slid his hand over her thigh, giving it a gentle squeeze. When this was all over, they were going to need an extra-long vacation. Maybe a nice tropical beach where he could fuck Sasha’s brains out and drink Disaronno until he passed out. Yeah, that sounded like the perfect vacation to him.
Until then, it was too late to start over. It was to the finish line now, or nothing at all.



Chapter Forty-Eight


“You ready?”
Hayley turned to see Jay holding out a 9mm Glock, his sharp eyes trained on her. He’d basically stuck to Sasha’s side since he’d been released back in Tijuana. The two made a nice couple. Both lethal, both insanely good looking, and both as empty as wells drained to the last drop. It made Hayley question what she’d ever seen in him, but one look into those fathomless eyes, and the flutter in her lower abdomen rippled. It wasn’t as intense as when Alejandro looked at her lovingly, but it was close. 
What was it with these two men? How the hell would she wipe either one of them from her desires? 
She nodded and took the gun from Jay, checking the magazine clip and then slipping it back into place. She switched the safety on like she’d done hundreds of times.
“Hayley? Can I ask you something?”
“Yes.” She peered over his shoulder and watched Alejandro and the doctor as they secured a bulletproof vest around Sasha, tightening the straps as she bitched out her protests on how snug it was on her generous bosom.
“What is this between us? I’m married, Sasha's pregnant, but that was never the issue between us. You remember now, right? You remember how I was your right-hand man, your go-to guy when you needed anything? Whether money, an assassin, or a lover, I was the one you called. Is that still it between us? Or is this the end of the road for us?”
Hayley’s throat closed up around the knot stuck in it. Nowhere in her mind had she really thought it all over. The five of them in the same room, and they’d all swapped fluids one way or another. Their destinies were intertwined with blood and gunfire, fused forever. As she glanced back up into Jay’s eyes, she knew something for sure.
“We are all part of one another. Forever. No matter what happens, I’ll always be there for you, Jay. And you for me. Our roads may not cross again, but I’ll never forget you.”
Jay smiled at this, a twinkle gleaming back in his dark eyes. He seemed to like her answer and gave her a curt bow before turning around and heading toward his beloved pregnant wife. She may not have been the ideal partner, but they could be good for each other.
This thought made Hayley smile as she trained her eyes back on Alejandro and knew that her feelings for him were more than real. They had a family together, and the part of their lives that had ripped them apart for so long was hopefully coming to an end.
This battle was going to be the fight of a lifetime. As much as she wanted to stop killing, she was fighting for a second chance, and she would finish anyone who got in the way of that. Including all those Saudis. She wanted her family back, and she would atone for all the time she’d lost with them and Alejandro. No one was innocent in this mess they’d created, but she’d make damn sure they would come out of it alive and thriving.
If not, she’d pay with her life.

***

They made it all the way to the hall of the hotel the Saudis were staying at before a single shot rang out. Jay and Sasha were already inside, doing what they did best, which apparently, aside from fucking, was killing. A trail of bodies littered the path as Hayley made her way into the enormous penthouse suite the Saudis had rented out. Blood splatter marred the creamy striped wallpaper and soaked the carpet as well as marble floors. Rizwan’s bodyguards were strewn across the ground like gooey red confetti, decorating the once-pristine suite with their innards. The man himself, Rizwan, had barricaded himself somewhere in the back, most likely in the locked bathroom past the bedroom suite.
Jay was smashing his foot into the door, trying to get to the boss man. Hayley walked into the room in time to see a man lurch from a closet and dive after Alejandro. He was fast though, and whipped around with his pistol, aiming and firing simultaneously, sinking a bullet into the man’s skull. Hayley heard a cry from an adjoining room and saw Sasha struggling with a hulking mass of a man.
“Sasha!” she called out.
Sasha’s arm was bleeding, but that didn’t stop her from biting into one of the Saudi’s arms as he shoved at her. The man screamed as blood poured out from around her mouth. Jesus, the woman was like a vampire. The man kicked her in the gut and shoved her back then fired a single shot into her vest. Sasha was hardly fazed by the point-blank shot. In fact, the gunshot seemed to ignite and inflame her feral nature even more as the pain and adrenaline possessed her. She lashed out at him with both arms, clawing at his face and trying to sink her nails into his neck. But the giant man was able to get a meaty hand clamped onto her, and with a great heave, he flung her across the marble floor, sending her sliding across it until her head smacked against the edge of a marble credenza.
The man saw Hayley and charged at her, but instead of freezing in panic, she calmly lifted her pistol and fired straight into his chest, three times. In the end, it didn’t matter how big he was, it was three tiny bullets that dropped the man in his tracks. Hayley felt her ears ringing from the gunshots. Her fingers slid over her gun, clammy from sweat and sticky from blood. Where had all the blood come from? This was more intense than the last time they’d fought in a hotel. She’d been bound then, propped up on a toilet and violated then beaten until she was near unconsciousness. No wonder she left the killing to her own henchmen like Jay. The men were unfazed by the near misses on their bodies as bullets sliced through the air near their heads and probably worked fine with a few flesh wounds.
Not Hayley. The noise, yelling, and relentless gunfire amid the acrid smell of smoke and copper-tainted air were more than she could stand. She gripped her gun and felt a hand grab at her arm before she managed to turn her gun at the perpetrator. Finding an unfamiliar face before her, her fingers reacted, and a shot rang out. A mess of brains, gore, and bits of flesh sprayed across her face.
“Shit!” she screamed as the body fell forward onto her. She shoved at the Saudi’s body. She’d hit him right where it counted, between the eyes, and his face was now a gaping hole. Her stomach twisted as she crawled out from under him and threw up all over the marble floor.
“You okay, niñita?” Alejandro called out as he glanced her way. She gave him a weak nod as she stumbled to her feet, using the wall as leverage. He got back to helping Jay ram the bedroom door, smashing it to smithereens after throwing her a reassuring grin.
God, killing was no joke. Empty of her lunch, she felt better but wasn’t shaking any less. She threw a glance at Sasha, who was still out cold on the floor, and was about to go to her aid when a steely arm wrapped around her neck from behind. Hayley screamed as the man crushed her head back against his chest, and her badly injured ear was smashed against him.
“Mr. Jay!” The man holding her shouted. His voice was thickly accented, but not like Alejandro’s. It had an almost prouder, more aristocratic lilt to it.
Jay and Alejandro froze where they were, staring back at Hayley and her captor.
“Vincent,” Jay growled and took a step toward him.
“Uh-uh, Mr. Jay, you don’t move at all.” Hayley heard a gun cock as Vincent jammed the barrel into her back.
“What the hell do you want, Vincent? This is over. You’re done here!” Jay shouted at him. Hayley saw desperation in Jay’s eyes, which only made her more scared.
“You are a traitor, Mr. Jay. You led them here. You’ve been working both sides this whole time. We do not take kindly to traitors where I am from.”
Jay and Alejandro were still frozen in the bedroom, waiting for Vincent’s next move.
“Vincent, this is just one huge misunderstanding.”
“Is it now? You’re helping Madame H., aren’t you? A double agent. You got my men killed. My brother.”
Jay shook his head, trying to look like he wasn’t shitting his pants.
“Hey, man, I warned you that compound was a deathtrap. It’s not my fault you didn't listen.”
“You have a smart mouth, Mr. Jay, but it will not get you out of this. After I kill the Madame here”—he jammed the pistol harder into Hayley’s back, causing her to cry out in pain—“I am going to cut your heart out.”
“No need for that, Vinny. I swear, I’m not here for her. I’m here for someone else.”
“Ah, I see. The other woman. Your little Mexican whore?”
Thwack!
Vincent released Hayley as Sasha smashed a large, ornate vase over his head. He went down hard, smacking his face into the marble floor with a crack that sounded like broken bones. Hayley stumbled forward and doubled over, gasping for breath now that she was free. She saw with embarrassment that there was a small, dark patch over the crotch of her pants. Better piss in my pants than a bullet in my back, I guess.
“No one calls me a whore, pinche cabron! Never again!” Sasha said to the man. Blood trickled from the cuts on Vincent’s head, and Sasha spit a gob of bloody saliva at him. Then she raised her booted foot and smashed in into his temple.
Hayley’s mouth hung open, and she fought down a gag, but she pulled herself together just in time to hear Alejandro yelling at someone.
“Fucking cabron! You chicken shit! Come out and fight like a man, Rizwan! You hide like a gallina!” 
Though the bathroom door was still locked, Jay had beaten against it enough to make a fist-sized hole in the heavy wood. Jay glanced over at Alejandro then withdrew a grenade from his bag and smiled.
Alejandro nodded and snickered. “I hope you enjoy your stay in hell, cabron! Send my regards al diablo!”
Jay pulled the pin on the grenade and tossed the baseball-sized explosive into the bathroom. Rizwan’s screams echoed through the door and both men ran out of the bedroom. The explosion rolled through the hotel room like a storm, thundering and crashing and shattering everything in the bathroom and then out into the adjoining bedroom. Jay and Alejandro were still running when the blast threw them to the ground and sent them sliding across the marble floor.  The hotel suite was choked with dust and smoke.
Alejandro searched blindly for Hayley, screaming her name, but all he could hear was the raucous ringing of the grenade blast in his head. Then a clammy hand found his in the haze of destruction. The hand was slender, pale, and weak. He pulled Hayley toward him. Her face was a mess of shock, her perfect face and hair streaked with blood and her eyes wide in fear.
“You’re okay, mi amor; it is over now.”
“Save that shit for later!” Jay shouted. They saw him holding Sasha up by one arm. “We have to get the fuck out of here!”
The dust was beginning to settle, but now the sounds of sirens replaced the thunderous blast of the grenade, echoing into the rooms from the opened windows. Jay and Alejandro led the women, ducking down and weaving around debris as they sprinted from the suite.
Lights from police and fire department vehicles flooded through the hotel windows as they ran. Shit. They were going to be pinned in.
“That way!” Hayley yelled, pointing to a fire door tucked around the end of a hallway. The four piled into the narrow stairwell and practically leaped down the flights of stairs, nearly killing themselves in the process. They were on the back side of the hotel now, and they hoped to God the cops weren’t on the other side of the door waiting for them. That was just how they didn’t want this to end, with everyone going to prison.
Alejandro held the doorknob for just a moment, looking back at Jay and the two women. Jay nodded to him. Alejandro took a deep breath and eased the door open. There was no one there. They could hear the sirens and see the lights, but all of the emergency vehicles seemed to have converged at the front of the building. As a group, they let out a collective sigh of relief.
Pouring out into the crisp night air, they found Jasmine waiting once more in the Mercedes, and not patiently. She frantically waved them on as they piled into the car and Jasmine peeled out before the cops decided to infiltrate the rear of the casino. 
They rode in silence.
Miles and minutes passed, and the group began to relax as they headed toward Madame H.’s compound on the other side of the strip near Mandalay Bay. If she had any enemies left, they sure as hell wouldn’t be there anymore. Any of her remaining henchmen with half a brain would have fled the city if not the state by now. For the first time in a long time, they were able to breathe freely.
Hayley glanced at the other three, all dirty, bloodied and dusty from debris. For no reason, she began to laugh. It was a high, manic laugh that shook her shoulders and made it look a bit like she was having a seizure, but she couldn’t control it. Purging the panic and fear, she laughed and laughed. 
The others watched her with blank faces at first, as if she’d lost her mind. But then, as they watched her madness erupt, they all joined on in.

Chapter Forty-Nine


Sasha studied the rigid muscles moving beneath Jay’s bloodied and ripped white T-shirt. They had rented a motel room for the night, miles off the Las Vegas Strip and nowhere close to Madame H.’s compound. No one knew who they were or what they had done. It was a place that never asked questions, even with the blood spatter and dust coating their bodies. Jay paid the owner good money to never ask and never tell. This was no exception.
It was good there were a few loyal people still around after their ordeal. Jay was bone tired.
“You can a shower first,” Sasha offered. “I take long, hot ones. Don’t want to use it all up.” Jay turned to watch her sit on the edge of the bed, snatching the remote off the dresser and switching on the TV without looking his way. He wondered what was running through the woman’s mind but shook it off as he took his bag of essentials he’d packed into the Mercedes and retreated to the bathroom.
He hoped Sasha would warm up to him again. They’d been apart for so long, he didn’t fail to notice her standoffish attitude. Right when he was ready to throw his hands up, his eyes would drift down to her swollen belly, ripe with his child. He could put up with anything. At least he had his family back.
Scrubbing off the debris and blood, he washed the day’s work away. Jay checked his wounds and bandaged them well. His torso was solid muscle, rippled and well defined. Any woman would throw herself at him, but there were only two he wanted, and one of them was his already. Maybe one day Hayley would come looking for him again. Maybe one day he’d be able to keep her at his side. For now, Sasha was his wife, and he wanted to make the most of it.
Especially with his rock-hard cock bobbing in the hot, humid air of the bathroom as he thought about ravishing her body. The thoughts got him hot and bothered, and he wiped the moisture from his hair, running his fingers through the curly dark locks. Staring at his reflection in the foggy mirror, he sighed. He’d let Sasha shower first then they could work on getting all sweaty and dirty again.
He dressed in his boxers and exited the bathroom. Silently, Sasha made her way to the bathroom with her things and clicked the door shut behind her. He sat in the chair and closed his eyes, feeling the fatigue of their adventures the last few days hit him hard. He slipped off his shorts, moved to the bed, and watched the TV drone on and on about a terrorist incident at a local hotel. Firemen were putting out the fire they’d set when they’d left the building. 
Jay smirked at it. They blamed the Saudis. A mutiny, they were calling it. Terrorists losing their batshit minds and going off on each other, effectively wiping the group out. At least no one had caught wind of their small group’s involvement. Alejandro was a damn genius when it came to taking out others, and he’d made sure to take down the hotel’s surveillance system before the attack. He was glad he could count on the guy as an ally. At least for now.
“I assume you want to fuck me, husband?” Sasha had finished her shower and stood at the door of the bathroom, leaning on the frame, stark naked. Her belly had grown since he’d last seen her, and he was reminded how long it’d been. She was still as fine as ever despite the collection of fresh bruises and scars.
“Come here.”
Sasha sashayed toward the bed, her clothes in one hand, which she placed on the nightstand before sliding onto Jay to sit on his lap.
“I’m a difficult woman. Why did you marry me?”
“I love you. You’re the mother of my child.”
She frowned at this but smiled a moment later to cover her frustration. “That is the only reason?”
Jay shook his head. “No, of course not.”
“Then what else do you like about me?” She began to stroke her hand up and down his shaft, his breath catching on her words. She liked it rough, and this gentle sensation from her was so far different from what he was used to. The warmth it incited within his middle made him grunt in pleasure. She should never stop. He never wanted to stop fucking her. 
She bent down, moving her bottom out to accommodate her swollen belly. Her lips pressed to his tip a second before she slipped his cock into her pretty little mouth. She could do so many filthy things with those lips. The way she wrapped them around his member, the way she could suck gently then hard and smacked her lips on him made him want to burst all over her tongue. She’d take all he gave and vice versa. He could fuck her as hard or as soft as he wanted, she never complained. The one thing about Sasha he adored was that she loved to fuck. Even the rape wasn’t what had ever bothered her. It was the fact she was never free.
“I love the way you speak to me, how tough you are, how you don’t take shit from anyone. Your sexy moves are mind blowing. You’re so different from the other women I’ve fucked.”
She ran her teeth along his skin, making him gasp. God, she was so hot.
“Different enough to love forever?”
He clenched his eyes shut and nodded, feeling the pressure build inside as she stroked harder. A moment later, he felt the warm wetness of her entrance slowly enveloping him until it took him in all the way.
“God, yes. Forever.”
What a fool, Sasha thought. She let her hips rock, letting her own orgasm build. It’d been a while for Jay, which for him was probably a day. He wouldn’t be holding off for long. That was fine. It was just enough for what Sasha needed.
She slid her hands down her breasts, grabbing his wrists and bringing his fingers to pinch her lovely mounds.
“You know I like it rough. Pinch my nipples. Hard. Make me cum.”
He complied, feeling her moving her hips faster and harder. She felt heavenly, a drug he couldn’t go without for too long.
“You love this cock, don’t you? Mi bonita. Tell me you love it when I fuck you.”
“I love it. Again and again. It was never the sex you lacked.”
He didn’t quite hear her last words, feeling his orgasm build to the point of breaking.
“Am I different enough to die for?” she asked.
His orgasm was about to hit as he opened his eyes in confusion. “What?”
Sasha reached toward the pile of clothes she’d laid next to the bed and pulled a knife as her hips continued to rock. She balanced on her free hand.
One flick, and the knife was at Jay’s throat. She stopped moving, no longer feeling high from the sex but from the thrilling rush of adrenaline as she squeezed her legs tightly enough on Jay so he wouldn’t buck her without hurting himself. His cock flinched inside her, a pleasure she ignored.
“Wait, Sasha. Don’t.” He swallowed, feeling the blade faintly cut into his skin. She held it there, waiting. What the hell would she hesitate for? He deserved it, he knew that. But why did she hesitate? He hoped she wouldn’t go through with it. He prayed desperately it was all a ploy to get something she wanted out of him.
“Sasha,” he whispered, afraid to move, breathe, or blink.
Fuck.
“I thought I could get away, but every time I look at your face, I am reminded I am still back there, still in the prison, still getting myself fucked over and over again.” Her accent thickened as she pressed the blade harder to his throat. Sweat pooled not only on his brow but also on the edges of her face, tiny droplets of her essence barely dusting her skin. She was sexy and terrifying all at the same time.
“No. You’re free. I won’t hold you for anything. I want to be with you. With our child….”
He gasped as she leaned forward, his chest heaving under her weight and the pain of the blade.
“You’re wrong, Jay. You are my prison. I cannot let it go. This child is not even yours. I know not whose it is, but once it’s here, I will not keep it. Some other woman will love it as I cannot. My road is another to take.”
With that, she twitched her hips once more, feeling her orgasm flood her insides with a sweet flush before she jerked her wrist and pulled at the knife. 
“Goodbye, Jay.” 


Epilogue


Jay rubbed the back of his head as he stared off to the horizon. Leaving the hospital, he cursed under his breath. He’d just had his staples pulled out, and the scab itched like crazy where it lined the edge of his hairline along his forehead. He’d been in a “coma” for a week, sent to the hospital after the motel maid had discovered him unconscious in bed, naked. No one remembered the pretty girl who’d checked in with him. There were no tapes or recordings of her anywhere. It was as if she had never existed but in his memory. 
The fucking bitch Sasha was a freaky genius avoiding such things. She had stayed in the car when he’d checked in and snuck away quietly after bashing his head with the hilt of her knife. 
But he was alive, wasn’t he? That had to count for something.
And what had it all gotten him? Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
He shook his head and fished out his cell phone, flipping through his contacts, all with code names, but he knew who was who. More importantly, he knew who had the connections to everything Jay desired. Including getting back in the game with Hayley. He couldn’t crawl back empty handed, nope. He had to have something to offer her, and he knew with his expertise in tracking and weapons, he could help her with whatever cause she was currently tearing through.
Whatever happened, it was going to be a wild ride. Guaranteed.


***

Three Months Later
Hayley stood with her back against the exterior wall of a dismal concrete block building. The chipping paint bit into her back, poking through her shirt. She took long, deep breaths. They were on a corner near Highland Drive and Western Avenue, a quiet intersection in the industrial district of Las Vegas. The buildings here were all old and grey, utilitarian. Worn and weathered and infrequently visited but by those who worked in the many factories and warehouses in the center of the city.
All except for one building. This one was special. Not because of its appearance—it looked like a rundown old welding shop or a warehouse for spare parts—but almost every night, exotic cars would pull up and park behind it, pouring out scads of well-dressed men with a myriad of gleaming neck chains and watches that cost more than most people’s houses. They’d enter this decrepit building, some of the wealthiest and most vile men in America, unaware of the eyes that would observe their rituals nightly from afar. This warehouse didn’t hold parts for cars or building equipment, it was a holding pen for human flesh.
This was why Hayley and Alejandro were here in the middle of the night, each of them poised outside a back entrance door with their own band of misfits, armed to the teeth. This place was one of many on Hayley’s list. Since the Saudi men intent on her death had been killed, Hayley had found a new mission in life: freeing women who were being abused and sold into slavery and shutting down the human trafficking rings which ran rampant in Las Vegas. It was her own little penance for a lifetime of sin. And really, she enjoyed wreaking havoc on these operations.
Her heart was steel when it came to any mercy for those who did another wrong. Cold, hard metal like the bullets in her guns.
“Are you ready?” Alejandro whispered over to her.
Hayley raised her pistol and racked back the slide on top.
“I’m ready.”
Alejandro positioned himself to kick in the door, but before he did, he looked over at Hayley. “I love you.”
Hayley smiled. “I love you too.”

***

Six Months Later
At a motel in the outskirts of Mesquite, Nevada, a brand new, shiny white Mercedes Benz pulled up to a nearly condemned motel on the seediest side of town. A man leaning against the back side of the building lit a cigarette and raised his eyebrow, peering over the top of his sunglasses at the gleaming vehicle. Its wheels crunched along the gravel, rolling all the way up to him, where he waited for his regular customers for the goodies he stashed in his jacket.
The window lowered to reveal slick, maroon-brown locks, smooth bronze skin, and large sunglasses covering most of the woman’s face above a straight nose and bright crimson lips. 
“Hey, caballero, you’re the one who calls himself Christopher Fallon, no?” Her thick Spanish accent perked his senses, and a smile spread across his face. The woman who had haunted his dreams and left him wanting every single night for months had finally returned. She was real and no longer a figment of his imagination. He approached the car, taking off his shades to get a better look at her as she slid her own shades down her nose to peer at him with fiery, chocolate eyes.
“Yes, that’s me.”
“What does a lady have to do around here for a good, hot fuck?”


Thank you for reading this dangerously sexy series. If you enjoyed the story, please consider leaving a review.



About the Author


Maelani
Hello, I’m Maelani! I am the penname for two awesome co-writers: Maelani Reese & Nataleigh Sharp. Check our site out and follow along for more intriguing, steamy hot stories! I write about love, romance, and sexy themes. I want to make you feel, cry, inhale, exhale, sob, scream and most of all...love. I live in Las Vegas, NV where the lights never cease and the heat can be sticky hot. I love to listen to music and travel anywhere.

Love is but what we make. Be obsessed.

Join me. Follow Maelani here:
Facebook
Twitter
Newsletter

