The Finding
By
Reeyce Smythe Wilder
Copyright 2020 by Mellissa Lopez St. Louis
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Author’s Note
Although this novel can be read as a stand alone, I highly recommend reading “The Sanction” first, as it will shed some light on a few of the references used here, and provide a backdrop for the story. “The Sanction” is available as a free read. Enjoy!

The Finding
Chapter One
The ruckus of vicious barks could not drown out the heavy breaths that hung like corpses in the cold night. In the darkness behind, she could make out the flash of torches between the trees. Adrenaline pumped hotly through her veins, and in a panic-induced state, she did not see the drop ahead. Black earth and broken branches met her chest. Hot breath rushed out of her upon impact. By the goddess, there was pain. Still, she ran. Voices, loud and determined, echoed in a cacophony, a distorted hum that stoked terror within her. 
Pausing to catch her breath, she hissed the moment she pressed a hand to the oozing wound on her shoulder. Blood, black in the moonlight, carried with it the scent of burnt flesh. Sweat trickled down her pinched face, dirty and bruised. The need to survive forced her feet to move. She saw the river, heard the rush of the rapids and paused long enough to glance over her shoulder. The dog was swift on its feet, its' attack a blur in her peripheral vision. It made contact with her arm the same instant she flung her body into the rapids, but still, she felt agony from the canine teeth that were lodged into her forearm. The shock of the cold water near paralyzed her.
The force of the water took her under, and when she resurfaced, there was nothing but the flashing lights within the line of trees on the river bank several yards behind and rapidly spreading numbness. Limbs becoming hopelessly heavy, she sputtered, sucking in air hungrily before being taken under again. A loud pop echoed in her ear before everything turned black.
***
There was nothing Rhys enjoyed more than a mug of ale, a woman on his lap, and a good night’s rest after the long journey that had brought him to the door of the clan leader, Bjorn. It had been many months since the war with the vampires, and in the weeks that followed, life took on a certain monotony he more than welcomed. There was plenty to eat, plenty to drink and the men continued to work hard at their training. With the acceptance of the new vampire mistress, they did their best in the hopes that when the time came, their leader Graeme would appoint the best as her guard. Rhys, of course, was charged with the selection. It was a daunting task. Although the men found it an honour to protect their leader’s vampire mate, it would not do to have them overstep their bounds with her. Graeme, he realized, had become more possessive, that too when he discovered that she was pregnant yet again. It was a task to keep her safe, especially since she was not the kind of woman to adhere to the words of a man, leader or not. Still, he would give his life for hers, so when Bjorn sent the invitation to celebrate the birth of his son, Graeme announced that Rhys was to go in his place. He was not pleased with the fact. Upon his arrival at this cold northland, Bjorn personally met him on the shore where he was taken from the ship. His two-week stay had lengthened to three, and when he insisted on returning to Scotland, he was invited to linger for one more week. Rhys wanted desperately to decline the invitation, but to do so would have been nothing short of an insult, so he accepted dutifully and was well received. 
He sat now with a full belly and a large woman on his lap, her generous breasts all but bare to his face and her seeking hands delving beneath his tunic and making his blood boil. There was no coyness about these north-women, a fact he liked immensely. Still, no matter how much he wanted to enjoy the warmth of her lushness, his bladder was close to bursting. He patted her hip and offered a smile, accepted her deep, greedy kiss, and sent her on her way with a promise to return. 
He stood, toasted Bjorn whose thunderous laughter drowned out any other, and all but stumbled through the throng of boisterous warriors toward the heavy doors. The wind was frigid as he made his way to the river whose depths berth the several dozen longboats he had baulked to brave upon the crossing. He relieved himself, his body was now languid and relaxed as he absently listened to the lash of the gentle waves upon wood – and frowned when his wandering gaze spotted a figure that looked like a body several yards away, floating in the water. His senses sharpened instantly, and before thought could have stayed him, he dived into the black depths. With powerful strokes, he advanced and was only aware of the sense of dread that filled him when he realized that it was a woman. It took only a moment to wade back to shore, and even less time to turn her onto her side. Her heartbeat was strong and the breaths she took were deep and sure. She would live, there was no doubt. 
Her eyes flew open quite suddenly, and Rhys felt a blow as powerful as any man’s knock him onto his back the moment she lifted her hands in defence. She struggled to her feet, eyes wild and frightened, muttering words he could not understand. Just as quickly as her attack began it ended, for she fainted.
Rhys got to his feet in slow degrees, trying to fully understand what the hell just happened and failing miserably. Maybe he was more intoxicated than he’d first realized. He advanced with much caution and ever so slowly moved the lash of hair from her face. Her skin was like the cream of milk, so white he could not mistake the harsh cuts and bruises upon her cheek. As the wind lifted, the scent of wildflowers greeted him, thick and heavy, and for a moment he rocked back and sniffed, trying to dislodge the scent there. It wafted over him again, coming from her with the force of a storm. It was, in a word, divine. For a moment he did nothing but sit on his haunches and stare at her in utter awe. It dawned on him slowly, so much so that even he tried to justify it, to excuse his rash behaviour and assumptions for what it was. 
Graeme was mated. It would only be wise to assume that subconsciously he craved a mate as well. And why shouldn’t he? He was quite older than Graeme, had seen more than his share of violence and loss. Of course, he would want someone to finally share his life with. That was the only reason he would view this woman, this stranger as a mate. That had to explain the surge of protectiveness that clutched his chest when the doors to the keep opened and the noise from within seeped into the night. She was wet and cold, and how she ended up in the river was something he would have liked to know as well. Struggling between hope that at long last he has found his missing half and the doubt that reared its ugly head, he lifted her almost weightless form and clutched her close, making quick work of the distance to the great hall. Bjorn met his eyes and his smile fell away, but Rhys simply shook his head and continued on his way. The hallway was eaten by his determined strides. He kicked open the door to his room and slammed it upon entry, making a bee-line for the fire that burned bright. There on the soft pelts of a fur, he deposited her. On the ground, he knelt, hands on his thighs as he considered her in the light. She was not without blemish as he first thought, for a generous smatter of freckles dusted her nose sat neatly in the centre of her face. Her cheeks were high and perfectly round, and a cherub mouth, slightly blue and parted while she breathed, twitched ever so often, evidence that she fought nightmares. She boasted several cuts along her face, and as he moved her hair again, it was to become captivated by the wet yellow locks that laid limp against his fingers. Satin soft and fragrant, he sank his nostrils upon the tendril and inhaled as a man starved. A fire erupted in his chest, and another member of his body strummed to life almost instantly. 
Rhys ground his teeth and took his time in undressing her. Everything was soaked through and through. Her skin was ice to the touch. When he finally had her naked before the flames, his gaze shamelessly raked her body. Breasts the size of apples was tipped with raspberry colour nipples. She boasted a little belly that quivered as she trembled from the cold and a dark mole was nestled upon her right pelvic bone. A small waist flared to wide hips then tapered to long, shapely legs that were also bruised. At the juncture of her thighs, thick curls a shade darker than the hair on her head curled. Her knees were cut, and her forearm, when he pulled the sleeves of her dress away, was marked by a brutal bite. There was no mistaking the canine puncture wounds there.
A threatening snarl reverberated in his chest, and anger made his eyes burn. She whimpered a helpless, pathetic sound that forced him to strip every last piece of clothing from his body and stretch out next to her. A thick fur was spread over them, and he shifted as close as possible to the fire without the risk of getting burnt. There, he held her, familiarizing himself with her scent and the feel of her naked body that fitted like a puzzle against his harder frame. He smelled her hair and traced the outline of her face with his rough fingers, and when the temptation of her lips became too much, did the unthinkable and kissed them tenderly. Everything about her was perfect. It was also apparent she was in trouble. He would warm her tonight and every other night for the rest of her life. He would keep her safe, no matter what her foe. After so very long, he had finally found his mate.

Chapter Two
A furnace of heat penetrated her flesh and her pores sucked it up greedily. She tried to open her eyes but the comfort of the bed and the hard warmth that held her secure encouraged her to want to slip in the slumber of unconsciousness. She never again wanted to awaken. If this was what death felt like, she should have welcomed it long ago. 
She buried her nose in the warmth beside her, revelling in the scent of freshly cut grass, for it reminded her of the hills in the summer and the little creek that trickled behind her mother’s cottage in the mountains. She clung to that familiar scent. It meant that she was safe. Brenna would have stayed there for a long time had it not been for the uncomfortable, hard object that pressed into her hip. She frowned and shifted – and felt her body ache so much so that she winced. The agony shocked her out of her lethargic sleep. Blinded, she blinked, aware of the fire that near scorched her skin – and the hard length that enveloped her. Eyes wide, she spied the arm that was locked around her midriff. 
A well-muscled arm it was too, dusted with dark hair from wrist to elbow. With body held as stiff as a board, she tried to turn her neck to see who held her captive and scuttled out of the fur the moment he relaxed his hold to allow her to escape. On shaking feet she faced her captor, aware of every nuance of agony but too stunned by the sight of him. He was darker than the men she was accustomed to, and though he did not boast their height, there was no mistaking the bulk of his massive shoulders and the whipcord muscles there. He allowed her assessment of him shamelessly, meeting her eyes with a small smile that was meant to soothe and comfort. Her eyes dropped to his chest matted with dark hair, and the rock hard stomach that bore many scars. The fur thankfully covered his lower half, but there was no mistaking the look in his eyes when his gaze travelled down the length of her body. Only then did she realize that she too was nude. A heated blush turned her body crimson. She shamefully covered her breasts and the curls between her thighs. Her eyes darted around the large room, seeking a covering of some kind. He rose, unconcerned that she should see him in all his glory, and offered the fur with a tenderness she was unaccustomed to. 
He spoke words she did not understand. His voice was deep and husky and grated along the nerve endings of her skin, agitating her, making her wonder if his touch would do the same. He draped the fur around her shoulders and pulled it together so that her entire form was shielded from the chill and his view, and went about the business of donning his clothes. Every movement and effort was done languidly. He took his time, ensuring that each seam and crease of his tunic and breeches were faultless and that the straps of the sheath that held the weapons were tight and secured. He washed his face and rinsed his mouth, and only when he dried his hands did he once again turn to give her his full attention. 
“Where am I? Who are you?” she croaked. Goddess, it hurt to speak.
Was her virgin barrier breached? She felt sore, yes, but not in the way she had heard it said from the elder women of her village. There must have been panic in her tone, for he cocked his head and waited, studying her the way one would an unusual thing. Ever so slowly he advanced. Brenna stepped back and stumbled upon a woven rug, righted herself, and found her back pressed against a table. He did not stop his advance, and only when he was a hairs-breath away did he pause to finger her hair. Brenna craned her neck back as far as possible. What made this man, this stranger feel as though he had a right to touch her? Granted that she woke up naked in his bed, but she did not recall having gotten there. Nothing was threatening about him, nothing violent. Still, she was wary, for he towered above her, and although he moved with grace, there was no doubt a dangerous edge that spoke volumes his words could not. Slowly he traced the cuts on her face until his attention was drawn to her aching arm. The frown that twisted his forehead was pronounced. She considered the teeth marks upon her flesh and the memories assailed her all at once.
Eyes wide, she lost all feeling in her feet. He was there, offering his strength as he swept her to his chest and settled her on the nearest chair. A warm mug of cider was offered and she drank greedily. He asked a question and she shook her head. She could not understand his words. He touched his fist to his chest and grinned boyishly.
“Rhys.”
She met his eyes and clutched the fur tighter still before mimicking his movements. “Brenna.”
His eyes fell to her lips and stayed there for a long time. “Brenna,” he repeated, testing it upon his tongue. After a moment he stood and turned to the door, and met her eyes one last time before he exited. “Brenna.” She frowned, and when he motioned for her to stay, she nodded quickly. He inclined his head in approval and closed the door at his back. For a moment she waited, listening to the sound of his footsteps as they faded before scampering about the room, as much as her pain allowed, searching for her garments. She found them neatly folded and dried to a crisp and wasted no time in getting dressed haphazardly. 
She had thrown herself in the river with a dog latched onto her arm. That was her last memory. Maybe he had found her, had given her warmth when she might have otherwise died. Though she was indeed grateful, she could not linger in this place for too long. The only way to thank him was to leave before he too was killed.
***
Rhys located Bjorn where he left him the night before, but instead of being bleary-eyed and drunk, he was well-rested and indulged himself in a hearty breakfast. 
“Ah, so you took yourself to bed off early last night,” the man offered with a twinkle in his eyes.
“Oh aye, after I discovered the lass half-drowned in the river.”
Bjorn frowned and licked his fingers slowly. “What happened?”
Rhys sat and shook his head, still amazed that he had been lucky enough to be the one to stumble across her, and met his hosts’ eyes for an intense second. “She is my mate.”
Bjorn’s stunned expression turned into an all-out grin, and it was with a thunderous laugh did he clap Rhys on the shoulder. He jerked forward and winced. “This is indeed a time for celebration. What a grand thing is Fate! You have travelled far to claim a mate here in my lands, pup. I am truly happy for you.”
Rhys smiled. “Aye. But I come to you with a request.”
“Anything.”
“She does not speak my tongue. It makes communication difficult.”
“I will send one of my men to you – but before that, one of my mate’s maids will attend to her. Let us not offend her more delicate nature by not seeing to her needs first, shall we?”
Rhys nodded an agreement and thanked him again. “I will see her fed first.”
Bjorn himself arranged an overflowing platter and a large mug of warm cider and waved him off with a smile on his face. Rhys wasted no time in returning to his chamber and paused outside the door. Upon entry, he froze cold. She was gone, her clothes and her worn boots with her, and the fur they had used to ward off the cold the night before was folded and placed neatly upon the bed. He shot a glance toward the half-opened window and deposited the platter before snatching the fur and followed suit. He recalled her bruised body and his ire heightened. She was in danger, and instead of staying with him where it was safe, she had chosen to face it on her own. It might have won her his admiration if she were not his mate. From the moment his feet hit the muddy ground, he picked up her scent. She was in the process of sneaking out of the stable when he blocked her path, not with a horse in tow, but a small satchel packed with dried grains and fruit. Her eyes widened when she spotted him and she froze. A flicker of fear entered her eyes. She appeared composed enough, but the waves of panic coming off of her worried him greatly.
With slow intent, he offered his hand and a smile. She was so very beautiful and delicate. Whatever she feared, he would keep her safe. He would protect her, would kill for her, and maybe even die for her. It was no use trying to explain these things though because she was not Were. He would have to try and woo her, and for Rhys, it was the biggest challenge yet. She could not understand him, but maybe it was better this way. He had no sweet words he knew women loved to hear. All he had was the knowledge that she belonged to him. For that alone, he would grow to love her.
She stepped away from him and shook her head, gesturing to the door at his back and spoke with urgency and, despite her fear, determination. It was clear she did not want to linger. He offered the fur and gestured once more, encouraging her to accept the gift. With much hesitance she did, and faster than lightening he snatched her wrist and dragged her to his form. She struggled against him, battling his chest with her fists, and he looked at her again for the first time. She had a temper to be sure, and her eyes were the lightest hazel he had ever seen, flecked oddly in blue. It was captivating.
“I will not hurt you,” he offered with tender infliction. As the stroke of his fingers along her back increased in pressure, she sagged against him and met his eyes, not smiling even when he did. Her words were hurried, barely a breath in between. He did not need to know the specifics – she wanted to leave, needed so desperately, and he was detaining her, a fact she did not like in the least. No sooner had she finished did he lift her to his chest. She gasped and clung onto him, face still red. 
“Whoever you’re running from cannot hurt you as long as I am here,” came his husky promise. “You will eat, then you will tell me what you are so afraid of.”
She shuddered and swallowed hard, eyes frantic even as she tried to explain. Rhys shook his head and held her tighter when she tried to struggle out of his grasp. A whimper he took as a plea caused his chest to tighten. He could not release her, would never do so, and the sooner she became reconciled to the fact that he was now her protector, the sooner he could get along with the business of wooing her. The task would not be easy if she did not learn to trust him. She spoke again, this time giving vent to the fury he had only glimpsed in her eyes, and drew attention to herself from passersby. He scowled, and when she insisted upon struggling, did the only thing he could to keep her contained.
He kissed her. Abruptly, quickly, nothing more than a hard, quick peck. It stunned her into complete submission. By the time she found the courage to glower at him, they were already in the great hall. Luckily, Bjorn had yet to complete his hearty meal. Rhys took her with him upon his lap when he sat, and was so amused by the look of horror on her face all he could do was smile.

Chapter Three
Brenna wiggled, a vain attempt at removing herself from his arms. She heard him hiss, felt stiffness beneath her rump and froze instantly. He said something to her, face pulled tight, and she blushed to the roots of her hair with the knowledge that he responded so quickly – that he responded at all for that matter. In all her years most men stayed away from her. It was not because she willed it – never that. It was because many feared her once the truth of her heritage was revealed. This man however…heat burned in his gaze and there was a longing in his eyes such that she’d never seen before. When he touched her, it was with tender fingers, with gentle words, with confidence that spoke of a man in control and knew as much. 
And he was stubborn, in all his kind ways. He would not even allow her to sit on another chair. He and the man dressed in a richly ornamented fur spoke deeply, seriously. All the while his hand stroked her hair as if she were a favoured pet. Her ire heightened, and when she attempted to rise again, he hugged her around the waist and applied pressure there. The older man bellowed, causing her to jump out of her skin. He was attended to instantly by a man tall and blonde with a ready smile. More words were exchanged, and the newcomer met her eyes boldly. There was perusal in his gaze, and maybe approval, for the man who called himself Rhys stiffened and growled.
She blinked and frowned. She must be still suffering some kind of after-effect from the fall. The yellow-haired man spoke to her, and when she frowned, he tried again. They were wasting their time and hers. She needed to get out of here.
“I can’t understand any of you,” she grumbled with an impatient huff, though her voice still trembled. His eyes, as blue as the sky, brightened instantly.
“Can you understand me now?” Stunned, she gasped. He nodded in satisfaction. “I take that as a yes.”
Rhys shifted uncomfortably and made a soft statement. 
“My name is Dagan. This is Chief Bjorn and his guest, General Rhys.”
Her eyes darted from one to the next until she turned to look at Rhys. He frowned still, making his eyes glint hard. She shuddered and tried to escape again, and when he held her, there was more than just an insistence to stay in his touch. His words were a demand once again, and Daagan hesitated before meeting her eyes.
“He demands I translate everything you say. First, he would like you to eat and know that you are welcomed here. No-one will harm you if that is what you fear.”
Brenna found her tongue, shaking though it was. “Tell him to release me, so that I can find a chair to sit.”
Dagan flashed Rhys an amused glance before he spoke. Bjorn thundered laughter, but Rhys saw no humour in her words. He hooked his foot around a bench and dragged it a hair’s distance from his before obliging her. Brenna settled quickly and nibbled the inside of her lip. The remnants of a lavish meal were just being cleared from the table, and Rhys summoned a shy girl and spoke to her. Bjorn offered his input and Daagan sat facing her on the opposite side of the table.
“Are you alright?” he ventured finally, dropping his voice. She nodded her thanks, accepted a mug of water he poured, and drank deeply before looking around.
“Please, thank your Chief and his general for their hospitality, but I must leave at once.”
“They insist you eat. If I tell them otherwise, they will not be pleased.”
“Is he dangerous then?”
“Bjorn is a just man. A fair man. He would not hurt a woman.”
“And Rhys? Is he also fair and just?”
Rhys spoke then, no doubt demanding to know what was being said, and Daagan translated. He took her hand and rubbed her fingers between his, the obvious show of affection and warmth greatly discomforting. When he spoke, Daagan wasted no time in responding.
“He wishes you to trust him, and promises you his sword arm for protection.”
She swallowed hard, frowned and slipped her fingers from his caress quickly. “Why would he do that? I do not know him at all.”
Dagan smirked, his eyes holding secrets he did not disclose. “It is clear he is quite smitten with you. It is not hard to see why, with all that beautiful fair hair and those stunning eyes.”
She blushed her face as red as a plum. Rhys rumbled something again, something that sounded terribly like an angry snarl, and the Chief who said nothing at all took everything in at his leisure.
“Now I am making him jealous it would seem.”
“Jealous? Whatever for?”
“I have made you blush, I understand you and you will tell me why you are afraid and running. I will be the first to know before he does. If I had eyes for you that would make me a more feasible candidate for your attention, would it not?”
“I do not trust you.”
Dagan's eyes shot up. “Even though we offer you food and warmth?”
“Even my enemy offered me food and warmth before they tried to hurt me.”
When next he spoke it was to Rhys who nodded and met her eyes once again. They spoke for a lengthy moment, this time the Chief too responded. The wraith returned then and brought with her a platter so filled food threatened to overflow. Rhys pushed the plate in front of her and spoke. Dagan grinned.
“Eat. You have much to explain when you are through. Including the bruises about you and the injury on your arm.” His gaze fell to her sleeve-covered arm even as he frowned, asking a question he did not voice.
“Tell your Chief I thank him for his generosity. And let Rhys know that I must leave, that my trouble is my own, and that I am more than capable of taking care of myself.”
As Dagan chuckled and translated, she ate greedily, not caring that the Bjorn laughed and clapped Rhys on the shoulder, not caring that Rhys leaned back to watch her with a mixture of frustration and amusement. He took one of her curls to his nose and inhaled again, and when she slipped it from his fingers, he tightened his grip and tugged gently. Her glower was met with another smile, one she did not return while she filled her belly. It was a long journey south. Her next meal could be days away. She intended to eat all she could now. 
“She’s a fire-starter. I like her.” Bjorn gulped his drink and belched unapologetically. Brenna ignored the trio as she ate. She was a puzzle to be sure. Shy and uncertain one moment, mouthy and rude the next. But Rhys supposed most of her fear had stemmed from the fact that she could not be understood. He cut a hard look at Daagan and grunted. The man was a legend with the ladies. His easy charm and attractive features always succeeded in gaining him female attention, and he never lacked a bed-partner because of it. Having the man around was sure to make him growl more than he wanted to, but Daagan knew she was about to be claimed. He was not a Were like Bjorn, but knew their secret and would protect his king with his very life. That did not mean he would not try to win her affection. Rhys would see him dead before he allowed that to happen.
“Tell your man to stop making calf eyes at my mate before I teach him a lesson he won’t soon forget,” he directed at Bjorn.
Bjorn chuckled when Daagan grinned. “I may have wanted her had I been the one to have found her, but as it is, she is not worth my life.” Rhys acknowledged him with a nod. “How do you intend to claim her when she is so determined to leave?”
“Has she spoken about why she is running?”
“No, but insists that she must go now. There is desperation in her words.”
“Tell her I will consider letting her go, but only if she tells me who is hunting her and why.”
Dagan spoke to her, his voice soft and coaxing, and when she looked at Rhys, it was to search his eyes and shook her head. Her words came swiftly.
“She will not risk your life or any within this village. That is all she will say on the matter. Now she demands you release her.”
Rhys ground his teeth together, his brain working like a machine. She wanted to leave to protect innocent people, which meant that the person searching for her was powerful enough to cause much harm. She would have no defence once she was found, and with no resources, there was nowhere she could hide for too long.
“Who is after her?”
Dagan pressed again. He huffed at her snipped reply. “She said no one.”
Bjorn stroked the length of his beard and nodded. “She is scared but is too stubborn to show it. And honourable if she seeks to keep my village safe. Let her know she is safe within my borders, that none will come here to attack any under my care.”
Still, she kept her lips pressed together. After several more moments of coaxing, Rhys shook his head and heaved a sigh. The thought of allowing her to walk through the doors made his blood churn. Even as she wolfed down her food there was a nervous energy to her that called to the predator in him, not to mention the fact that her scent had his senses tied into many knots. He could not think straight, nor could he focus on anything other than keeping her as close to him as possible.
“She stays,” he finally said in the silence. Dagan cocked an eyebrow particularly high but did not respond as he waited to hear the decree. “Whoever is hunting her will find her if they must, but she will no longer be alone. Tell her that.”
Dagan obeyed.
As soon as the words left his mouth she met their eyes and smiled a sad smile before speaking. Dagan rubbed his neck and winced. “Then it grieves her to know one so kind will be rewarded with death for his aid.”
Brenna pushed her plate away, suddenly quite ill. It had been at least two days since her last meal and she had no trouble putting away half the overflowing platter, but now as it seemed the man next to her refused to let her go, the trembling started anew. It was Daagan’s next words that made her face flush in anger.
“He will meet it boldly for you.”
Filled with sudden ire, she turned to him instantly. “I am nothing to you, Rhys. I will never be anything to you. Thank you for saving my life, but I’m leaving now, so stay away from me.”
She rose, heard Daagan hurried translation and made it to the door when a small snarl made her feet go stone cold. Large hands spun her around and Rhys, who only looked at her tenderly all morning, glowered fiercely. Her heart raced. She pressed her lips together to stop their quiver. When he spoke it was with a clear purpose, even as his head leaned closer to hers. What he said could not be misunderstood for anything else – he was keeping her here, and there wasn’t a thing she could do about it.

Chapter Four
Brenna said nothing else for the entire day – not that Rhys particularly minded. With a guard posted at her door and another at the window, he managed to convince Bjorn of the need to travel posthaste, especially since his mate was in danger. The Were agreed but refused to leave under the perceived threat. If danger came knocking at his door, he would be there to defend his people. Rhys understood and was thankful that the man did not demand to keep him further, but ordered a ship to be made ready to sail with the morning tide.
By the time evening closed in Rhys was agitated with the need to return to her side. In his mind, he still could not believe it – to have found his mate, and that too under such circumstances. From the moment he entered the hall he caught her scent, fragrant and addictive, and the clenching of his stomach belied a nervousness that was foreign to him. He was not a green lad. He enjoyed the pleasures of the flesh as much as any other hot-blooded male. But standing here now, only seconds from coming face to face with the one created solely for him…He inhaled deeply and did not knock as he entered. 
Sharp eyes fell upon his form. She was seated before the fire, back ram-rod straight and eyes flaming just as hot. Her expression was severe, but she voiced nothing. He paused, uncertain suddenly and feeling like quite an ass. She did not know their fated destinies. She did not understand that from the moment he caught her scent he would never release her, that there was a sudden need within him to claim her then and there. The animal beneath his skin clawed to be free, to revel in her scent and the softness of her skin, to reassure himself that she was indeed real and not a form of fairy magic. He could not fault her the anger or the fear that consumed her, and it was his deepest wish they could somehow understand each other, trust each other. She was human. He was not. If he showed her what only a Were or those who knew of his kind were privileged to see, she might faint, or flee. He could handle the fainting. The fleeing he would never allow.
With purpose and to send the point home, he closed the door with a soft, firm finality. Her nostrils flared. He held back a smile. 
That, she understood. 
Good. 
The remnants of dinner pleased him to see that she was not shy when it came to filling her stomach. What grated on his nerves was the fact that she sat there fully dressed and a determined set to her jaw that sparked admiration and fleeting anger within him. If she thought she was going somewhere while he slept she had another thing coming. 
He took his time about undressing. Her gasp was not lost to his over-sensitive ears, nor was the quickening of her heart or the warm flood of feminine desire that suddenly reached his nostrils. His blood heated instantly. He would need her interest to pull through what he planned tonight. When the only thing covering him was the loose trousers, he made a beeline toward her. She assessed him with a blush on her cheeks and a dare in her eyes, a challenge he met when he took her hand and jerked her to her feet. 
The sharp edge of a blade was pressed to his jugular just as swiftly. 
Rhys paused, shocked surprise in his eye. Her smile was one of smug victory. Deliberately the pressure increased, and slowly, the blade descended until it caressed the hard discomfort between his legs. He did not move, did not release her hand from his, but twitched nervously when she cocked a brow high in question and made a point of stepping away. He allowed her to escape. Alright. She did not want to be touched. He would find a way to control himself – possibly. 
It pleased him greatly her courage, even if there was a stain of fear beneath her woman’s scent. He gestured toward the bed and awaited her decision. With great contemplation she eyed the warm furs there, soft and inviting. There was hesitance in her eyes, vulnerability and distrust. Rhys planted himself in the chair she vacated and shrugged, his message clear. He would not touch her unless of course, she wanted him to. Slowly, she crawled toward the feather pillow, her back to the wall, eyes focused upon him, him upon hers. For a long intense moment, they stared at each other, unwavering, silent – until he moved. The blade in her fingers was gripped tighter, but still, he advanced. Tenderly he pulled the fur to her neck, even as she flashed the blade. His chuckle was warm and easy as if being threatened with stabbing was the most natural thing in the world. He did not speak - not when he met her eyes, not when he inhaled and a little shudder raked his large body, and not when he lowered his head.
Brenna stilled, stunned. Mere inches from her lips he paused. His orbs, moss green and gold and heated met her eyes. He did not ask permission with that look, simply allowed her a moment to accept the fact that he was about to kiss her. A kiss she did not turn away from, even when a corner of his lips kicked up in pleasure.
The moment his tongue invaded her mouth she sighed. It was soft and sweet and full of untapped passion she did not understand, had never tasted. It was the only part of her body he touched, and yet heat consumed her entirely. With slow exploration his mouth danced against hers, nipping and tasting, sucking and pulling until she was lost for breath and her mind was too fogged to cooperate. Brenna leaned into him greedily. She did not trust this man, but he did not know the terrible secrets she carried and looked at her the way she only dreamed of. With desire. Somewhere between him tasting her tongue and she returning the favour, the blade was lost. How his hands ended up cupping her face she did not know, but she relished the feel of his steady heart drumming against her palms as she braced against his naked chest for support. The hair beneath her fingers was satin to the touch. Her fingertips threaded themselves there, unable to control the sudden urge to rub against him. His lips left her mouth and journeyed down her neck with slow intent. Weakened, she exhaled and whimpered, and was shocked out of her languor when the cry of battle was echoed through the stillness of the night.
Rhys was off her in a flash, the look of murder on his face as he stood protectively before her heated body, head cocked to one side and as unmoving as a rock. Brenna swallowed, panic beginning to surface. 
By the gods, they had found her! Thundering footsteps pounded upon the earth as armed men all made their way to the front of the settlement, their iron and leather armour offering faint flashes in the waning moonlight. 
“Brenna.” She met his eyes, the furs clutched in a death grip. He motioned for her to stay, the meaning clear in his eyes. She nodded quickly and sank further into the bed, and was the picture of demure obedience – until he slammed the door at his departing back.
What madness had descended her, to allow herself to be caught unguarded like this!? Never mind that he reeked of pure male heat – she had no business enjoying the tantalizing dance of his hands or lips. She needed to be clear-headed. The wound on her forearm pulsed agonized, and she paused long enough to unwrap the dressing administered so tenderly by her protector. The puncture wounds oozed and were swollen, discoloured and ugly against her creamy flesh. The clash of steel meeting steel echoed above cursing voices and the screams of women. Without a spare thought, she snatched an iron poker from the corner - her choice of weapon - as she cracked the window open. 
The guard had abandoned his post, no doubt joining the fray. Fires burned randomly. Thatch, straw, wood and stone of the homes went up in flames. Brenna made her escape quickly and secured the bag to her body– and her feet found wings. She ran to the river, taking special note that the women and children also found refuge in the tree line, but where they stopped she continued and did not pause in her escape until the noise of battle and the cries of men and iron melted into silence. The path was unfamiliar to her, but still, she ran. Lungs bursting, she stopped a long time later, her chest in agony as she gulped in air greedily, desperately. Her arm was on fire, and she was about to collapse, about to take just a moment to rest in the tall blades of sweet-smelling grass when a guttural growl echoed in the darkness. The knife was in her hand in an instant, and she scanned the trees at her back. Something was out there, watching her, stalking her. She swallowed, desperate for a cool drink to quench her thirst, desperate for escape, but none would be had, for at that moment several horses broke through the woods. 
The man on a most fearsome mount reigned in and met her eyes with retribution on his face. He would kill her now, she imagined. He would bring his blade to her head and sever it clean off. Brenna spun and ran – but did not get far, for he was after her and took her to the ground easily. Her cries of panic and struggle were amusing to the men that followed.
“You have put me through hell looking for you sweet thing,” he cooed in her ear. She met his eyes and spat there hatefully. His chuckle echoed in her head, ushering in the tidal wave of fear. “It is time to go home, Brenna. Stop this fight and let us settle things between us amicably.”
“Let me go!” The swift jerk of her knee was blocked, and the men at his back thundered laughter, amused. “You do not know what you are doing. The thing you want I cannot give!”
His smile was twisted, if not a little amused when his hand cupped and squeezed her breast. She wheezed in desperation. “I think you can give me at least one thing I want. My brother, on the other hand, desires something quite different, and he is most upset with you.”
She fought with all the strength she had left but to no avail. The arms that wrapped around her midsection and pressed her to the obtuse hardness of his manhood were brutal in strength. Tears stung her eyes. All her efforts, all her attempts at escape, for nought. He bundled her onto the horse and mounted swiftly. He stank of an unwashed body and fresh blood. Her stomach churned.
“We make haste men before the distraction has run its course!”
Distraction? She held herself stiff. So that was what the attack on the village was about! A simple rouse to get to her. And of course, she did not disappoint them when she ran. These men knew her, for they were well accustomed with her attempts of fleeing. His arms tightly wrapped around her and jerked her to his chest, and she struggled, much to his amusement, before he kicked the horse into a gallop and disappeared into the trees.
***
Rhys took one of the intruders to the ground in a vicious attack and delivered a brutal right fist to his bulbous nose in several consecutive shots before snagging the short blade from his side and launching toward another attacker. With Bjorn’s men in the heat of the fray and a handful of attackers already on the retreat, the fight was over long before it properly began. He heaved in an annoyed breath and watched in disgust as the men rounded up those who were unconscious and wounded.
“Have them all locked in the dungeon!” Bjorn shouted, his face flushed red. “So help me by the time I’m done with them I’ll know who the hell dared to come against my village!”
The man who took the beating from Rhys spat blood and laughed. Dagan hauled him to his feet violently.
“Do you find something funny?”
He continued to chuckle until Bjorn backhanded him, successfully dislodging a tooth from his already lacking mouth. He spat again, meeting their eyes with bold stupidity. When he spoke, Daagan dropped him as though he burned. Both he and Bjorn turned to Rhys, worried expressions on their faces.
“What? What did he say?”
It was Dagan who found his tongue first. “He said by now the girl is already gone.”
There was no doubt in his mind who ‘the girl’ was. Rhys’ heart clenched painfully, and in a flash, he turned and darted back to the keep, Bjorn and Daagan hot on his heels. With each step he took he prayed she was still there, safe and warm between the furs where he left her. What he found was an empty room. The roar of frustration came from deep within his belly.
“I will find out who is after her,” Bjorn offered, wiping a trickle of blood from his brow.
“Her scent is still fresh. I can track her easily enough,” Rhys announced, stripping his shirt without hesitation.
Bjorn’s hand came down hard on his shoulder. “Think boy. Whoever planned this wants her back bad. Do you know if she’s married? If she’s a thrall? You do not know what you will discover when you find her.”
Rhys shrugged his hand away and faced him squarely, his eyes blazing. “Do not think to tell me about plans, Bjorn. Or have you forgotten what I do?”
Bjorn snorted. “No, but you have. Now is the time to be level-headed. Strategize. You cannot just go after her. It is not wise.”
“What is not wise is arguing about this,” he snarled. In a flash his body contorted, and moments later, a large, intimidating Were focused on Bjorn. When next he spoke, his words were an animalistic, guttural rumble that never ceased to impress. “She is my mate. You would do the same.”
Bjorn sighed heavily and said nothing as he turned his back and disappeared through the opened window. At his side, Dagan shook his head. “I have come to realize all Weres are rather foolish when coming to their better halves.”
Bjorn cut him a quelling glance. “Get one of the men on him. I want him tracked, backup if he runs into difficulties.”
“Of course.”
“And prepare one of those that were captured for a detailed interrogation.”
The malice that flashed in his eyes was indeed terrifying.

Chapter Five
Rhys did not have to follow as closely as he did to have found them, but he refused to take his eyes off the woman whose body was won over by exhaustion. She slept against the embrace of the man who held her. His mind went crazy, for in the meadow the scent of lust was thick, heavy and stifling upon him. Rhys was angry over many things – that his attempt at seducing his mate was interrupted by battle, that she disobeyed him when she left her room, that she had been captured by a man that wanted her intimately and more than ever, that he had touched her.
That ate at him until he burned to kill.
He followed the posse of twelve through the night and the following day until night fell again, never once losing sight of them. The landscape became less flat until they had to dismount and lead the horses on foot. To rescue her from these men was no problem for Rhys. What concerned him was her reaction to him once she saw exactly what he was. Never in his life was he more insecure about himself than he was after meeting her. She was a human, delicate and beautiful. If he allowed instinct to rule him the way it was clawing to do, she would view him in all his Were glory – and run for the hills. He needed to rescue her as a man. Already she desired him. Maybe in time, he would let her know the truth. 
It was close to midnight when they finally stopped. Rhys sniffed the air, his sharp eyes alert. The leader of the small group handled Brenna with competent hands, and ever so often he coped a grope at her breasts or stroked her face and lips, and the slow burn that had started to dim in his chest ignited anew. A fire was made, and the men ate as she continued to sleep directly behind the silent leader. And not once did he speak. He did not share laughter with the men, did not gorge on his meal, but kept himself alert, forever sharpening the blade that was as long as a sickle. It was his routine, one he kept unfailingly for the last three days, and one Rhys hoped would slip once the man became comfortable enough to sleep.
Rhys paced through the thickly wooded area throughout the night, snarling and emitting growls of discomfort and anger each time he happened to glance at how closely the male snuggled her to his body. Many times she elbowed him or pushed him away, but still, he put his hands on her. A curtain of red slowly descended upon his eyes and his patience snapped. He could no longer stand back and do nothing while she was molested. The animal within him did not care if she fell away in a dead faint upon seeing him. All he cared about was keeping unwanted hands from her body – she belonged to only him. 
The snap of a twig crunching caught his attention and his head jerked up. Carefully he sniffed at the stagnant wind and listened. The heavy scent of urine circulated, and Rhys felt the coarse hair on the body stand on edge. He knew the scent of that male. A middle-aged man with salt and pepper hair who took great pleasure in sipping ale from a leather pouch secured to his belt. Rhys did not miss the lecherous way in which he leered at Brenna when the leader of the gang – Knot, he heard the others call him – was not looking. It took him no time in stalking the man, coming from behind. The stench that rose from his skin was almost overhearing, and Rhys sniffed loudly. 
In a flash, the man brought a knife to the forefront, a short blade the length of his forearm and very sharp. The man circled, his eyes more alert than Rhys would have credited for the amount of mead he consumed.
He said something, spoke in the Norse language Rhys did not understand and spat in the snow. Stumps of yellow and black teeth flashed. Rhys snarled, an angry, guttural sound he was no longer willing to hold back, and did not waste time when he rushed through the low branches of the trees.
Brenna was shocked out of her uncomfortable sleep by the sound of agonized screams. She darted to her feet and fell back almost as quickly the moment Knot’s harsh hand pushed her behind him. The men wasted no time in arming themselves.
“What the hell was that?” someone said. Knot swirled the blade in his hand and looked toward the darkness.
“Account!”
One by one they called their names. “Brenna?” he snapped. “I said account!”
“I-I’m here,” she squeaked, feeling the chill of fear sweep her form.
“Vidar!” Knot snarled. There was no response. “Vidar, account damn you!”
Brenna swallowed the thick lump that settled in her throat and took an involuntary step toward the group. Slowly, the chill of fear faded until all that was left was warmth and the instant knowledge that she would live to see another day. With that acceptance, a blinding light flashed in her mind, and she whimpered and stumbled back, bracing herself against a tree trunk. When she blinked, she looked upon a scene that was both heartbreaking and familiar. She was in the Hall of the Fortress, dressed as only Chief Thorn would have her whenever she attended him. She attempted to cover her half-exposed breasts on instinct and found that her hands were chained to the stone walls. High above, dozens of people speculated, eating and drinking and placing bets. Her heartbeat raced, thundered above the murmur of the crowd. She struggled against her chains before looking around the circular dome. The ground beneath her soft slippers was hard, the stone stained in many places with what she knew to be blood. Hot tears stung her eyes. She could not do this again. She could not stand and watch the games. Especially not when she knew she was responsible for one of the lives that was lost here. A loud grating noise caught her attention and she strained her eyes, trying to focus on the gate that was being lifted directly opposite her. The crowd cheered and clapped, but all she felt in her chest was the heavy feeling of failure and pain. How could she have let this happen? Was it so hard to simply give Thorn what he so desperately craved? The newcomer was a man six and a half feet tall with wide shoulders and so much muscle Brenna inwardly cringed. He stood tall and proud, unflinching and unaffected by the shouts of encouragement from the voices above. She trembled. Dressed as she was, chained to the wall, there was no way she could have defended herself against this man. The quiver of terror started in her stomach and did not cease, not when his black eyes roamed the arena, and not when they lingered upon her. He stepped forward with a mocking smile on his face and hot desire coating his eyes. She would fight she decided. She would fight until her last breath, but she was never allowing him to touch her! He came toward her with single-minded purpose, and from the moment his hand reached out to caress her face, it fell to the floor. Blood splattered and sprayed her gossamer gown and face, and his roar of pain numbed her cold. There, crouched in a defensive position in front of her was a man. In his hand, he held a sword that dripped with fresh, hot blood. Ever so slowly he stood, up and up until she had to crane her neck back to see that in truth- that he was no man at all. His skin was covered in hair, and his hair was long and thick and wild. His back muscles bunched beneath the leather strapping of his clothes, and when he turned to the side to meet her eyes, she lost the breath in her lungs. No, those were not the eyes of a man, but a beast! They glowed bright green, with no iris at all, just a burning pool of pure rage.
A sharp nudge to her side brought her out of the vision, and Brenna found that she was still in the clearing, lying on her side in the snow, with Knot’s sharp booted toe non-too gently kicking her to get up.
“You have to keep your head about you heks!” he snarled, hauling her up impatiently. He gestured to four of his men. “Go and see what the hell is going on!”
They moved as one into the darkness. Brenna blinked several times and tried to shrug out of the too-tight hold of his harsh fingers. Nausea she fought did not help, for it was mere seconds later that she turned and heaved whatever little she had for supper in the snow. Knot scowled and hauled her up again, this time dragging her along toward where they tied the horses. “Mount up!”
The men did not hesitate to do as ordered, and only when they turned their mounts in the opposite direction of the attack did any of them brave to speak. “What about the others?”
Knot spat in the snow and handled the reins with a rough hand. “Think about it this way. They keep whatever is out there busy long enough for us to get out of here. I think that’s a pretty good plan, don’t you?”
 A few nodded and wasted no time in following his lead, and some lingered with disgust and loathing on their faces. Brenna felt herself heave again. There was nothing to wretch but dry puffs of air. She was well accustomed to the side effects of having her visions. Usually, a hot cup of herbal tea helped, but there was no such comfort to be had tonight. 
At her back, she felt his urgency, his fear, and sank her fingers into the horses’ mane for all she was worth as he rode at neck-breaking speed through the darkness. Icy winds lashed her face and made her eyes sting. The moment she closed them though, the image of the skin-walker in her vision took the forefront. The visions haunted her in her childhood long before she knew what they were when she had first started developing the gift. Her grandmother told her it was none other than her guardian, making sure she knew he was there. Back then she wanted a fae or even the Loch Ness monster. After all, anything would be better than a skin-walker! Still, no matter how terrifying he appeared, she always wondered if only for a moment whether or not he was indeed real. Until she came to live at the castle, she had no idea monsters truly existed.
“We’re almost at the border!” Knot bellowed. Brenna lifted her head as tears stung her eyes. That meant she would be handed over to Thorn soon, and this time, he would not forgive or spare her. He would do everything he promised the last time she managed to escape the Fortress. Her only comfort was knowing there was no-one to pay for her mistake.
***
Rhys watched in desperation as the remaining men fled. He fought brutally, killing each with more violence than their skill credited, but the fury and blood lust that befell him was like nothing he had ever felt. Hands and chest covered in blood, he hunted the party of seven, careful to keep hidden. One by one he tackled the horses to the ground. The screams of the men he killed and those who rode for their lives up ahead rose in the wind along with their fear – so intense, so intoxicating, it called to the beast inside him. His heated blood drummed in his ears and there was only one purpose in mind – to reclaim that which was taken from him. The female. Nothing else mattered but the female. In the back of his mind memories became faded and disjointed. His body no longer felt weak and tired of travel and hunger. When only two horses remained, his snarl was one of infinite victory. He would make it before they took her any further. He would take his prey down, tear his head from his shoulders and sequester his female. There he would mate with her until she was swollen with his seed. The thoughts running through him were primal and raw, and the images of un-adulterated sex that flooded his brain fueled his need so that he lost focus for one instant – an instant that cost him the hunt.
Something sharp pierced his side and pitched him seven meters across the ground. He darted to his feet and watched in shock as an arrow three feet long was lodged in his side. There was no pain, not when he broke the spiked head that pierced through his back and not when he pulled the smooth shaft and tossed it angrily at his feet. A high-pitched whistle rented the air, but it was too late.
Another arrow staked him in the thigh and pinned him to the ground, and yet another lodged itself in his shoulder, its head snagged deeply in the trunk of a tree. Rhys roared, his breaths streams of hot smoke.
A command sounded in the trees, but he did not move. A man came forward on horseback, his eyes an ice blue with hair the colour of corn, and an iron helmet with horns on his head. He wore thick furs and carried with him a large, heavy bow. Behind him was his companion, and on his lap sat a quiver full of arrows. 
All at once, more men faded from the tree-line, some dressed more warmly than others. All bows were armed and trained upon him. Rhys considered them carefully, taking deep even breaths to quell the pain he felt coming on now that he was no longer forced to run when he was faced with undisputed death. 
Another horse cantered through the crowd. Seated in front of her captor, Brenna looked at him with wide-eyed shock and repulsion. He heaved a breath and allowed his head to fall. If she saw him this way now and was so repulsed, what would she say if she knew he was the man she had almost made love to two nights passed? The thought crushed him in more ways than one.
Knot spoke words he did not understand. His vision was blurred suddenly. Exhaustion claimed him. He met Brenna’s eyes from the ground, wanting to tell her he wished he could have rescued her sooner but all words failed. His head fell back, and the last thing he saw was his very human hand.

Chapter Six
Brenna stifled the sob in her throat the moment she saw the skin-walker from her vision. This was no vision at all. Thorn and his hunters successfully had him pinned to the ground, no doubt using the poisoned arrowheads they were so fond of. In some distant part of her mind, she heard Knot explain what happened to the rest of the group, heard Thorn mock him and order the hunters to kill it swiftly and choked on a shocked gasp when the body of the beast all but shrank in front of her eyes to become a man. And not just any man. But the man whose lips were warm and spicy, tender and sweet. The man who held her, who swore to protect and defend her. The man who came after her although he knew he might be killed. A hot tear fell from her eye but she dashed it away quickly. He was kind to her, had even kept his promise.
He was the one who swore an oath of protection. How could she now leave him to suffer this fate? She had to help him. She had to get him out of here, to safety. But how?
The idea came to her in a moment when nothing else mattered but his life. From the moment she spoke, Brenna knew her fate was sealed.
“You cannot kill what does not belong to you, Thorn.”
He summoned the archers to wait and turned his horse around so that his eyes, frozen over by years of cruelty, were fixed upon hers. Although she shuddered on the inside, she met his gaze unflinchingly. There was no room to be demure or afraid anymore. She would not let another’s life bloody her hands again. Never again.
“You were not given leave to speak heks,” he spat in fury. “And the skin-walker belongs to me simply because it trespassed on my land. Now kill it!”
“I earned him fair and square at the village of Chief Bjorn!” she said loudly. The hunters paused again. Thorn snorted and cast another look at the wounded man on the ground.
“And where did you procure coin to purchase such a beast? Skin-walkers were quite expensive.”
She lowered her eyes and bit her lip in despair. “Bjorn offered him to me in return for a Sight.”
The instant hush that fell upon the small group was so intense that Brenna heard the roar of blood rushing through her veins. “You whored out a Sight?” He sounded choked, livid. A harsh hand gripped her cheeks and pulled her forward, almost out of Knot’s grasp. “You traded your favours for an animal?!”
“I was a woman alone and I needed protection!” she spat angrily, hating the tears that flooded her eyes. “He is like a dog – loyal to me to the end.”
“All the more reason I should kill it!” He turned to the archers. “Ready!”
“If you kill him I shall never give you the Sight you seek!”
Again he met her gaze, this time with quiet contemplation. “The skin-walker must mean a lot to you if you are willing to give me what you have been fighting to keep for so many moons now.”
She forced herself to sound as cold as him. “Do not be a fool. Every Sight I trade is worth a bit of my soul. Who gives their soul for free? He was my payment. Now I ask for his life as payment for your Sight.”
It was a long time before he nodded. The archers lowered their bows. Brenna exhaled through her teeth but did not allow the relief to show on her face.
“Hear me well little Brenna. You may keep your pet, but when the next new moon rises, I shall have my Sight.”
“And then?”
“That’s left to be seen.”
Cold fingers threaded themselves through her body. Two weeks. She had exactly two weeks to think of a plan to get them both out of there.
***
Rhys could not bring himself to open his eyes. Every muscle on his body hurt. The slightest attempt to move resulted in the most excruciating pain. Very discretely he sniffed, dissecting each scent until he was able to tell the smallest detail of the room he was in. He could feel the heat of the fire blazing, and hear the snapping tinder there. Honeysuckle and fresh rushes littered the floor. There was food – herb bread, wine, cheese, and dried fruit. Medicines were somewhere close by and the scent of stale blood that seemed to be coming from him. Most importantly, he could smell Brenna. Her warm, light, flowery fragrance drifted across his nose and provoked pleasant sensations through-out his entire body. She smelled like soap and herbs and sleep, and her feminine musk made the air around him thick and intoxicating. Her movements were short and quick, over and over again not very far from where he lay. For a long time, he listened to her rhythm, replaying his capture and what happened before the moments he blacked out. It confused the hell out of him that he was here, in a room of comfort at her side. Many minutes later her scent became stronger, and she enveloped him in her warmth. A thick blanket was tucked around his body, no doubt the very one she slept beneath, and with much care, she repositioned the soft pillow beneath his head. It was then another scent caught his attention. 
Tears. She wept silently for him, not once sniffing, but the tears flowed nonetheless. It was through sheer force of will that he cracked open his eyes. She was framed in the firelight, her hazel eyes so flecked in blue glazed and red and slightly swollen, and she gently curled her finger around the overly long locks on his head. 
“Brenna…”
She gasped and met his eyes, and Rhys felt the relief pour from her with the quick smile she offered. It took much effort to move his hand and brush strands of hair from her eyes. Warmth spread through him the instant she pressed her damp cheek further into his caress. For a while, she did not move but kissed his bruised hands with tender affection. The ache that pulsed throughout his body did not cease, and he coughed heavily. She was on her feet in a flash, speaking in low, soft tones when she brought a mug of steaming liquid to his lips. His head was cradled upon her lap, and she assisted him with the light, herbal broth that soothed his parched throat. When he was finished, she repositioned herself on her knees before him and spoke, and all he could do was frown. There were so many things he wanted to ask, so many demands he desired to make, but he was as weak as a newborn pup. He felt useless. Brenna seemed to understand his frustration with the look on his face. She nibbled her bottom lip in much hesitation before she took his hand and placed them gently at his sides. When next she moved, it was to hitch the flimsy material of the dress she wore above her knees and straddle his chest. The scent of warm feminine musk forced the growl of approval from deep within his belly, and she blushed and scoffed at his response. 
Rhys tried to shift and allowed his fingers to brush her parted legs. Carefully, she pressed her fingers to his temples. Rhys inhaled her – her skin was clean and fresh and was bathed with her essence, and although unable to move, the images flashing through his mind all involved a very naked Brenna, framed in the firelight as she was now, responding to his coaxing tongue. Of course, she would have to straddle his face if he wanted this particular daydream to materialize, but the flash of concentration in her orbs before she closed her eyes was enough to give him pause. A surge of what could only be described as soft lightning shot through his body, and in degrees, strength pulsed through his form. The warmth of her fingers penetrated deeper into his mind and stroked his thoughts with care, and it was with stunned disbelief he listened to her speak to him in a language he was not supposed to understand.
“Fear not warrior, I mean you no harm.”
His mouth opened a crack. “What did you do? How the hell did you get into my head?!” exclamation, she responded as if simply catching the thought the moment it was released.
“I too can do what others cannot. It is why I have been captured – again.”
He swallowed hard and frowned. “I can hear you …in my head.”
She smiled and he felt warm fingers poking around in his mind, violating his privacy with memories he would have rather than kept buried. With a mental pull, he jerked out of her hands and managed to push her away with steady hands.
“You’re supposed to understand me now,” she whispered, her voice hoarse. Rhys nodded mutely while trying to assess her as if she was the most complicated woman he had ever seen.
“How did you do that?” he asked thickly, unwilling to release her hands just yet. She turned to face the fire in contemplation and made to move away but he pulled her forward until her palms were pressed against the hard warmth of his chest and she was sprawled most provocatively, draped across him like a blanket.
“W-We shouldn’t.”
“Why?” he challenged, amused and curious to her response. 
This time, when she moved, he allowed it. “Why did you come after me? Do you know what danger you have put yourself in?”
He inhaled deeply and took his time in testing the limitations of his new-found strength, limb by limb. How could he explain that she belonged to him? What words could he use to assuage the fear and uncertainty flickering in her eyes as she considered him with much impatience? “Have you forgotten the pledge I made to protect you?”
“No. But you’re in no position to protect me now.” 
His thick eyebrows were drawn together in a scowl of confusion. “My weakness is temporary, trust me. I will have my strength back in no time, and then I will take you home.”
She stood her full height and shook her head sadly. “Home? And where exactly is that?”
“The Mountains to the south. My leader is a feared man – my people are strong. This man who has you captive-”
“He has us both captive,” she sliced in, watching him from the corner of her eyes and went about the business of retrieving the platter of food to offer him. Rhys accepted it slowly, the kegs in his brain turning as he silently looked at her.
“Alright. Start from the beginning and tell me what the hell is going on then.”
Brenna buried her face in her hand and laughed a low, mocking, self-deprecatory laugh before braving to meet his eyes once more. Tears were gathered there again, this time, even when she spoke, it was done with a bitter cynicism Rhys did not expect.
“Do you know what I am?”
He popped a dried grape in his mouth and took his time in answering. “You are different, like me.”
“Not like you,” she choked out, unable to break the contact of his direct stare. “I am what the North men call a heks. A witch.”
“A most beautiful witch,” he growled, enjoying the blush of her cheeks although she shook her head at his teasing. 
“Beautiful or not, Thorn is chief of this keep. He is cruel, evil, and since it became known that I have the gift of Sight, he has done nothing but bully and hound me for visions of the future and his rule.”
“The gift of Sight?”
She nodded, seating herself on the soft mattress to pluck at the sheets aimlessly. “I was told my grandmother was a healer. There has not been a witch in my family for several generations. When my mother first discovered I was gifted with seeing things before it happened she was careful to conceal the fact. She warned me never to let Thorn find out. I did a pretty good job of hiding it from him, but the Sight is a blessing as well as a curse. It comes to me when I least expect it.”
Rhys ate in silence. Although she no longer cried, sorrow was still heavy in her voice. “Knot wants to marry me.” Images of the tall, light-haired man with the hard eyes flooded him, and he made a threatening sound in the back of his throat. If Brenna heard it she did not pause. “He has wanted to marry me since I turned fourteen, but my mother always put him off, saying I was a healer, and my natural talents would be worthless if I joined myself in such a way to a man. It worked for many years – then she died last fall.” A fat teardrop fell from her lashes. “After that, it became harder and harder to get Knot to leave me alone. One time he attacked me in the meadow and…I don’t know how I did it, but I threw him off. I didn’t even touch him. That is when he knew what I was…what I am. He told Thorn of course. His older brother would grant him anything. I had to do something, make some kind of bargain to keep him from giving me to him, so I promised him the only thing I could – visions of battles and things to come so that victory would always be his for six moons. Everything worked out fine at first. But then six moon cycles became seven, then eight, then nine.”
“How long has he kept you a prisoner?”
“Twenty-one moons now.”
“How did you escape?”
Another muffled sound that boarded on a choke and a cry escaped her lips. “Escape...” She snorted and shrugged. “I do not wish to speak of that. But I can promise you this – I will do what I must to make sure you are protected. But I need you to listen to me.”
“I have been listening,” he murmured carefully. “All I need is time to regain my strength. When that happens I will get you out of here.”
Again she shook her head sadly, her locks of yellow hair vibrant in the blazing light of the fire. “I’m afraid that is impossible.”
“I am Were. Feats may prove challenging, but never impossible.” Even to his ears, he sounded arrogant. He did not mean to be boastful, but truthful. He knew his limitations. He knew he could get his mate to safety. The animal within him would have nothing less.
“Is that what you call your umm…other self?”
A small smile lifted the corner of his mouth. “I have no other-self. I am what I am. Man and Were are one. Do not be afraid of me.”
 “I do not fear you,” she informed hesitantly. “I fear your reaction to what I have to tell you.”
“Oh?”
“Do you not recall how you were captured?”
He nodded, each memory coming to him slowly. He was hunting the men that took her from him. There were only two more to kill before she was in his arms where she belonged. Then there was the shock of being pinned and shot multiple times with arrows. “I remember.”
“Are you not curious to know why you were not killed?”
He nodded and frowned. “I have wondered about it, yes.”
She fell silent for a long time before finding her voice again. “Thorn was going to. I told him Bjorn gave you to me in exchange for a Sight. I had to think quickly to save you, so I have promised to give him what he so desperately needs.”
“You should not have-”
“He would have seen you killed.”
He reached out to clasp her fingers between his own, feeling her distress in the still air. “I am more indebted to you than I imagine. It seems now I owe you my life.”
Her dry laugh was forced. “Please, do not remind me.” She rose to her feet and went to the fire once more. “The last time something like this happened someone close to me lost his life.”
“A lover?” Rhys could not help the curious question or the flutter of jealousy in his chest. She cast him a blank look and shook her head quickly.
“It does not matter. He is coming for me soon. I must instruct you on how things are done here.”
“You are not going anywhere without me,” he growled, already half-way off the fur and almost on his feet when the first wave of dizziness claimed him. Brenna was at his side in a flash. Her warm hands were on his shoulders, trying in vain to steady him, but he locked his arms around her torso and took her with him to the bed. The breath was shocked out of her from the impact, and when her eyes met his, he could see the spark of annoyance in their hazel depths.
“Release me. This is neither the time nor place for – for-”
“Who comes for you?” he grunted when she struggled to get free of his grasp. Every swell of her body was pressed to the hard platform of his, and her fighting only spurred the fire in his blood and added greatly to his discomfort. 
“Thorn. I am to be re-initiated into his services tonight.”
“Why do I not like the sound of that?” he rumbled. 
She stopped moving long enough to meet his heavy-lidded gaze. “You must let go of me. If Knot opens that door and finds us like this…”
“I will rip his head off,” he threatened easily. She exhaled and allowed her anxiety to seep through her body and into his. Rhys felt her surrender and relaxed his hold long enough to allow her an easy breath.
“You said it yourself – you are weak. You need food and rest and care. In the meantime I have to keep Thorn happy, and if getting re-initiated is what I must do to spare both our lives then so be it.”
Rhys released her and pushed himself into a sitting position. She reached for a red sash and tied it around her slim waist. The once shapeless dress she wore now hugged and caressed her ample attributes generously, so much so that Rhys could have seen the impression of her peaked nipples where the material gripped her breasts. The flare of her hips was prominent as was the swell of her rear, and it took him a moment to fully understand that she meant to walk around like that. By the time it took his brain to articulate his protests, she had already slipped on a pair of string sandals and wound her hair in a knot high atop her head. Without her long locks to conceal her, she looked very nude and very vulnerable.
“Where are you going dressed like that?” The snarl left his throat before he could temper it with reason.
She cocked a brow arrogantly high and rubbed lavender perfumed oil behind her ears and between her breasts. Rhys was on his feet in a flash. This time there was no giddiness to stop him. The pulse beating in his chest hurt more than he could bear, and his vision was tinted strangely in shades of hazy red.
“It is required for the initiation,” came her quick explanation. She took all of three steps before he was on her.
“Does the initiation include bedding you? Because it sure as hell looks that way to me.”
A bright flush settled upon her cheeks, and when she did not respond, he snatched her with barely controlled aggression. “Tell me he has never touched you Brenna, or so help me-”
“He has not!” she snapped, jerking out of his grasp and levelling him with a punishing glower. “But I knew this would happen. He warned me after my last attempt to escape. I knew if I got caught he would force me to wear his mark.”
Rhys’ snarl was one of animal fury. Wear his mark? His mark?! The only mark she was allowed to wear was his! The idea of another touching her, marking her the way instinct guided him to, forced a shift of features. Something moved just beneath his skin, threatening to break free. The snarl low in his throat was more animal than anything else. 
Just then the door handle turned. There was raw panic on her face when she turned to him.
“You cannot change,” came her fierce whisper. “If you do they will kill you. You must promise me!”
“Hex!” Knot’s thunderous voice followed a violent rattle of the door. “Open the door woman! The ceremony is about to begin!”
With quick steps, she darted to the bed and returned with a broad, long strip of leather that was carved with intricate designs on the surface. Rhys’ gaze moved from the item in her hand to her eyes then back again. A heavy feeling of dread settled at the pit of his stomach as realization dawned slowly. “What is that?”
To her credit, she hesitated before responding. “It is required that all skin-walkers wear it.”
“There are more? Here?”
“Now is not the time to explain.”
“Alright. What is it?”
“Open the door, Brenna. I won’t ask again!”
“A collar.”
Fists clenched at his sides, he considered her with a wave of fury. “It’ll be a cold day in hell before I let myself be collared like an animal.”
Another slam on the door from the hall had her close to trembling. His pride would not allow him to be collared, and by the proud tilt of his head and the dare on his face, she had a feeling arguing was a moot point. It was time to try a different approach. 
“You swore to protect me.” Her voice came out as a bare whisper.
Something flashed in his eyes. “With my last breath.”
“In here this is the only way to do that,” she stated, clutching the collar in desperation.
“I’m getting someone to break it in hex! My brother will whip the stubborn out of you!”
Rhys growl became violent but she managed to snag his attention when she pressed her palm to his naked chest. There was a ripple of muscle there. The thunder of his heart was strong. Brenna hated any form of manipulation to get her way, but if the softening of his eyes was any indication, it was working.
“Within these walls, as long as I give Thorn what he requires, you belong to me. No one will hurt you, and he will honour his promise to keep you safe, but you must wear this as a symbol of obedience and submission to me.”
He dipped his head and pressed his forehead to hers, allowed her nose to brush his and inhaled the breath she released, a battle in his mind.
“Please…”
The smile that pulled at his lips took the violent edge from this expression. “I will wear your collar, but do not think that I will sit idly by and watch as men grope and fondle you. I don’t need to change to kill them.”
With trembling hands, she lifted the leather around his neck and secured it slowly. “Just follow my lead and we will be safe.”
A shock of lightning charged through his body in a fraction of a second, cutting off his air as he almost keeled over. The pain made water sting his eyes. 
“What was that?” he choked out, gasping for breath.
Brenna caressed his back and stroked the neatly crafted glyphs carved into the strap secured in place. “The collar is cursed. It forces the wearer to obey the one he has shown submission to.”
Rhys caught his breath and stood his full height, testing its strength against his neck with an agitated growl. “How do you get someone to willingly wear this thing?”
“Yours is the first collar I have ever used. But Thorn is known for his manipulation and threats. Fear is also a good motivator. Are you ready?”
He nodded and accepted a warm shirt before pulling it over his head. In the hall, he could hear the footsteps of men, hasty in their approach. Brenna pulled the heavy door open just as the order was given to break it in, and came face to face with an overweight guard who might have been more interested in the feast at the ceremony than the task given him. Knot pushed his way to the forefront and stripped her bear with his gaze alone. Rhys growled and took a single step forward, mere inches from her stiff spine.
“Maybe I should get myself a whip just in case your pet decides to get feisty,” he mocked, gesturing for her to walk.
Her laughter was soft and light, a feminine caress that was both arrogant and entertained. “If you think a mere whip will stop him if he decides to bare his teeth to your throat you have underestimated him greatly.”
Knot snatched her arm in a brutal assault and hauled her to his frame, her body flushed with his. Rhys made to move.
“Stop!” As soon as the word echoed in his mind he was unable to move his body. Fury emanated from him in waves, and every vein on his arm stood in relief to his skin. His eyes flashed unholy embers, and it was with great effort he fought the command. Still, he stood frozen to the ground, wound so tight the lightest touch would break him.
“When this moon cycle is over, what will you trade for his life?” he mocked, burying his nostrils in the tender spot behind her ear. Although her eyes sparkled with fear and doubt, she turned her lips to his cheek and spoke so only he could hear.
“What will you trade for yours?”
He shoved her away instantly. “You don’t have to worry about that hex. Now come along. My brother doesn’t like to be kept waiting.”

Chapter Seven
The dome-like structure they were escorted to was made of timber, stone and iron. Rhys took note of every available escape point and cursed beneath his breath. Each point of exit housed a guard, and each guard held a bow that was armed with wicked looking arrows – smaller than those used to bring him down in the woods, but just as deadly. He could not risk it, especially in his weakened condition. He resigned himself to follow Brenna along the narrow halls that kept wounding in a spiral around the dome, taking them higher until they came to a flat podium that housed a stone slab. On it was four candles, already burning high flames and flickering in the gentle wind. There was a ceremonial goblet studded with gems, a breath-taking dagger that gleamed in the dim lights and brought a heavy feeling to his chest. Rhys stopped walking when Brenna paused just ahead of him. He could see the tension in her back and shoulders. She turned just enough to catch his eyes.
“Stay here.”
He made to take a step forward, a protest on his lips and found himself unable to proceed. A guard he knew was concealed in the deep shadows against the wall sank the tip of an already loaded arrow at the back of his neck. With a growl, he kept his eyes peeled on her where she stopped ten feet away. It was too far away as far as he was concerned, but getting an arrow through his chest was one thing he did not want again. To the left, another staircase was lit with burning torches, and it was from there Thorn appeared, wearing a warriors costume and the thick skin of a bear. The smile he delivered was one of icy resolve.
“Brenna,” he intoned. Knot whispered something in his ear and he spared Rhys a thorough appraisal. “Your dog has not been leashed. Do you trust him that much then?”
Brenna offered her fingers before he presented his opened palm and kept her head forward. “He poses no threat unless I am threatened. I already explained this to Knot.”
Thorn scoffed and took her fingers. “Yes well, of all the skin-walkers in my care none has ever gone unchecked.”
“He is not under your care,” she reminded gently, going to the cold stone table. Rhys could hear her thundering heart and all but smell the pheromones of uncertainty that escaped from her. Still, the guard at his back did not even shift when another growl erupted from his chest.
Thorn chose not to comment. He took the dagger and waited most patiently for her to settle herself upon the alter. Rhys's eyes burned as much as the fever in his blood. Since he awoke he had gotten stronger, but not enough to change or fight. Still, he could feel that beast prowl in agitation within him. Knot stepped forward and adjusted her feet so that they were spread slightly apart. The soft material of the dress she wore fell to outline the perfect shape of her body. Her blonde hair and pale skin shone most seductively against the black backdrop.
“When this is done can I have her tonight?” Knot whispered at his brothers back. 
Thorn cast a disgusted look at his sibling before meeting the rage that reflected a hundredfold on Rhys’ face before snorting. “What good is she to me if she cannot deliver on her promise? Keep your member in your pants. The time will come soon enough.”
Rhys ground his molars until they hurt and kept his back ramrod straight when Knot stood directly before him, successfully blocking his view. He leaned forward and sniffed rather loudly, the huff of hair sending tendrils of his quarry’s hair flying. Knot jerked away and cursed softly. Rhys bit back a satisfied smile. He was afraid. Good. He needed him afraid.
On the table, he listened to the drone of Thorns’ unintelligible mumble of words that ended up in an all-out chant that lifted in tone and volume. The dagger was offered above his head before he slit the palm of his hand. Next, he took Brenna’s hand. Rhys did not move. Every instinct he possessed demanded he go to her and put an end to this madness, but her words of obedience forced his compliance. She knew what she was doing. She had done it before. He would not kill her if he needed her. With monosyllabic ranting, he reasoned in his head. The sharp scent of her blood filled the space, and together they squeezed the trickle into the goblet. Thorn was the first to drink. When he helped her to her feet, she did so. Her face was flushed and her eyes dazed, and when she sipped of the cup she gagged. He snatched the scruff of her neck and forced the liquid down her throat. When the last of it was drained, Brenna pulled away. The cup fell from his hand and echoed as it tumbled from the platform to the stone floor one story beneath.
She was quick to wipe any remnants of blood from her mouth and shot him a murderous glower.
“We are bound for a fortnight by your blood promise Brenna,” Thorn stated, looking quite satisfied. Rhys blinked away the haze of anger than threatened to control him. She said nothing but turned away, intent on making quick her escape when his voice stopped her again. “Stay for the celebration. I’m sure you will enjoy tonight’s entertainment I put together.”
“I am not fond of your type of entertainment,” she stated stiffly, not bothering to meet his eyes when she finally found her way back to Rhys. He considered her bloody hand and snarled. The warning in her eyes earned her only a snort. “I will retire for the night.”
“Maybe I can interest your pet then.”
“Let him fight Thorn,” Knot joined in, a look of pure malice on his face. “Pit him against-”
“No!” Her cry of denial gave them all pause. It was with great effort that she managed to contain herself and placed herself protectively in front of him. She reminded Rhys of a cornered feline. The image made warmth erupt in his chest. “He belongs to me. I say he does not fight, so he does not.”
“Let him have a choice,” Thorn nettled, his eyes meeting Rhys’. “After all, he looks very uncomfortable collared. Maybe we can make things interesting. If he wins, we will remove it. He will have his dignity back.”
Rhys felt his pride whipped a hundred different ways, especially when Brenna’s hand snatched his collar and pulled him along behind her like a disobedient pup. “I said no Thorn. If you want my Sight, you will not touch him.”
He allowed her to drag him into the hall and it was there, out of earshot did he pull away with a fierce jerk. She gasped and turned to him, her face flushed. Rhys might have vented his anger and allowed the embarrassment to show had it not been for the relief that reflected in her tear-filled eyes. She spoke before he could have begun.
“You were about to walk straight into their little trap!” she hissed, poking him in the chest. Stunned, he stepped back. “The man called it. I hate this damn thing. Not to mention I do not like being controlled. When the need to protect you arise-”
“This is not about your pride Rhys. I’m trying to save your life!”
“By claiming me like an animal?” he snapped, his tone violent although he had yet to raise his voice.
“Yes! I asked you to trust me. Is that so hard?”
He flinched as if she struck him and took a step back, his eyes filled with more hurt than anger. “Is that how you see me? Like a dog to obey your every command?”
Brenna’s breath hitched and she met his eyes. Before she fully knew her intent, her hand found the thundering beat of his heart. “This is not the time or the place. Let us return to the chamber. We can talk there.”
He silently followed close on her heels, and when the door opened and closed at his back, he took a no-nonsense position close to the hearth and folded large arms across his chest. “We are here. Talk.”
Brenna sat on the bed and looked up at him. He was magnificent, all dark hair and murderous intent, looking like a king as he surveyed her with his molten eyes. She read many things in the fleeting emotions that travelled across his face before he masked it with quiet determination – anger, confusion, concern, desire. The last stole her breath and she looked away as a blush stole her cheeks.
“What would you like to know?”
“Why is it so vital for me to wear this collar?”
She exhaled and considered her fingers, long and pale against her already white dress. “If you are my possession you are safe as long as I am useful to Thorn.”
“I understand that part. But tell me why.”
She furrowed her brow and met his eyes. “Because you wield death and power. That is a valuable asset to Thorn should he decide you would serve him better.”
Quiet intelligence sparked in his orbs. “The entertainment he spoke of tonight. Pitting me against someone.”
She looked away, memories she would rather forget making her eyes sting. “A fight to the death.”
“I can hold my own in a fight. The choice should have been mine.”
Anger and impatience flashed in her orbs, and when she stood, it was to face him like an angry kitten. “I did not save your life just to have you throw it away in the Pit. This is not a game. The moment you fight I can no longer be sure of your safety.”
“But you bargained a Sight for my life.”
“Your life, not your freedom.” Exhaustion wore on her then, and her shoulders bowed beneath the weight of it. Rhys guided her to the bed and pushed her down gently in a silent command to sit. She did so, her eyes wide and bleak. All the anger was gone. In it’s place, there was a weariness. He felt moved by both her concern and her indignation, but still, his pride was nicked. Although he understood her reasons, there were many more questions he wanted answers to. All of which could wait until the sun was high in the morning.
Carefully he went to his knees and started to gently unlace the sandals on her feet. She pulled away quickly. “What are you doing?”
He reached for her again, this time keeping a firm grip on her ankle. “Getting you comfortable.”
Her cheeks warmed, and if the sudden increase of tempo of her heartbeat was any indication, he was doing the complete opposite.
“You do not need to do that.”
“I want to.”
Humour lighted her orbs, making the hazel there darken, the blue unusual splashes of a summer sky. “You should be focused on healing. There were poisoned arrow-heads in your body yesterday.”
He slipped off the footwear and squeezed her feet firmly. A delighted shudder seized her body. “I told you I heal quickly.” When she made no further comment, he nodded to the oversized bed. “Lie back. You are tired.”
“You should also rest.”
“I will. But there is much to consider. And if we are to make it out of here before the new moon, we need a plan.”
Something akin to panic flashed across her face before it was covered quickly, but Rhys would not be fooled. He pressed a kiss to her ankle and met her gaze directly. “Why are you afraid?”
“I am not.”
“Do not lie to me. Before this month is through you and I will know each other intimately. I can already tell when you try to deceive me.”
“Intimately?” she parroted, yanking her foot away successfully again. Rhys frowned and cursed himself. In all that happened, although she now knew him to be Were and did not fear him she still did not know their customs, or what she represented to him. Now was not the best time for this. He would have to explain to her, but later on, maybe when he had already bedded her when the bonding was completed. The mere thought of binding himself to the woman set aside for him alone sent heat surging through his body, and when he stood, it was hard to control the lust that no doubt reflected on his face. Her head was against the pillow, her skin milky white in comparison to the dark furs she was snuggled upon. Golden hair the colour of sunlight was bound tightly to her head leaving the length of her slender neck exposed. Her breasts were full and high with nipples pebbled rock hard in awareness, and her hips flared deliciously wide before tapering down to nicely shaped legs and ankles.
She was a beautiful woman. And she was his. 
“You look at me the way Knot does,” she finally choked out.
Rhys jerked back as if punched in the chin. “What?”
There was no condemnation in her tone, just fear. “With the same desire. Its…unsettling.”
For a moment agitation claimed him that she could compare him to another man, and he closed his eyes to deal with the warring emotions in his chest. Here, behind these walls, he felt weak, unable to protect or defend her if necessary, unable to mark her as his in fear that Thorn or his manic brother would retaliate, in fear that they broke their word and killed him, leaving her alone. She could not look to him to take care of her. He had to look to her. The thought was a humbling one.
“Take it off,” he said thickly, tugging at the collar that felt like a chokehold around his neck. There was no hesitation when her deft fingers touched the seals there. The leather fell to his lap.
“There are many things you do not understand,” he tried to explain when the silence stretched thin and he tossed it aside carelessly.
“Then tell me.”
He considered the trust on her face and smiled gently. “For a kiss, I will tell you anything.”
She cut him a suddenly sly glance and hesitated, but he was there, undoing the knot of her hair until it fell in waves around her shoulders.
“I accept your bargain, but only if I have one in return.”
He stroked her cheeks, allowed his thumb to outline her lush lips. Her breath hitched. “Bargain?”
“Yes. For a kiss, you tell me what I want to know. I will return it only if you agree never to fight.”
He scowled and shook his head with finality, his eyes suddenly hard. “No. I will defend you if need be. You cannot ask that of me.”
“I meant in the Pit. If you are offered by Thorn to fight, decline it.”
He searched her eyes for a long time. “Why are you so afraid? What does that Pit hold that I should fear it so? If there are monsters I am accustomed to slaying such, and I can hold my own very well against another Were.”
She pressed her lips in an uncompromising line. All he could think about was ways of making them soft and plaint again.
“Give me your word Rhys.”
“I kiss you when I want, how I want, and you will not stop me.” She gasped and before another compromise escaped her mouth, he launched ahead. “And if you do not agree I kiss you anyway and refuse to put that damn collar back on.”
Her mouth clamped shut and she nodded, angry sparks igniting her eyes. He leaned closer and she stiffened, but he launched into his explanation without hesitation. “I look at you as a desperate man would because I am. We are not given free choice concerning a woman. One is chosen for us.”
Curiosity sparked in her eyes. “By whom?”
“Fate. The gods. A higher being. Take your pick.”
“Do you have a woman?”
His gaze grew intense when he offered a small smile. “Yes.”
The soft possession of his voice made her skin prickle and she swallowed hard before launching ahead. “W-who is it?”
Tender fingers stroked her face in reverence. “I think you already know the answer to that.”
Denial was swift on her lips but the words could not leave her mouth for a long moment. “Maybe you have made a mistake.”
“There is no mistake. You are mine. I knew it the moment I held you, the moment I inhaled your scent. There was a hollow space inside, and now it is clamouring to be filled, but that can only happen if we are mated.”
“Mated?” she croaked.
“Aye.”
“What does that mean?”
Rhys looked at the terrified expression on her face and sighed heavily before raking fingers through his hair. “Companionship. Trust. Love.”
She paused and considered his words the way one might consider a battle plan before nodding. “Is it the same for all skin-walkers?”
“Yes.”
Her brows creased before she finally smiled and seemed to have come to a decision. “It must be a mistake. You are not the first skin-walker who has claimed that I am his woman.”
The temperature in the room dropped several degrees. “That is impossible. There is only one who is set aside. Some of us never find our mate.”
“I remember him mentioning something like that once.”
“Who is this man?” he growled, his eyes lethal. She reached out to touch her fingers to his shoulder and felt the tension there.
“He is dead,” she confessed, her eyes sad. Her grief was almost tangible in the air that surrounded them. 
“You loved him.” It was a statement, one that left a bitter taste on his tongue. Jealousy abated, but only to a degree. How was he supposed to compete for her affections with a ghost? 
“Yes, but not in the way you think. He was my friend. We knew each other for a long time. He was brought from land to the south and fought for Thorn many years, winning battle after battle.”
“How did he die?”
She turned away and gave him her back, her voice so small he might not have heard it. “Helping me escape. Everything was planned. All I had to do was leave when the time was right, but I foolishly thought I could have saved him as well. The miscalculation cost him his life.”
Rhys settled on the bed behind her and held her close, inhaling the scent of her hair as he wrapped his arms around her body. “I am sorry.”
She turned onto her back and met his eyes before braving to brush her fingers along the stubble on his jaw. “I cannot see you dead. I will do whatever I must and bind myself to whatever vow I have to in order to spare your life.” Confusion marred her brow as if she did not know why those were the words she chose to speak, but the heated look he gave her melted her inhibitions long enough not to think.
“You say such and still doubt you are mine?”
“I say it because I mean it. But mated is taking things a bit too far.”
He leaned forward and tipped her chin up to place a chaste kiss on her lips, one that quickly turned intense. Her declaration warmed him on the inside, made him want to unleash every desire he had pent up. He tasted her lips, drove his tongue to explore her mouth greedily and swallowed her moan of pleasure when she finally relaxed beneath the weight of his form. Hot tingles spread thought her body like shockwaves where ever his hands brushed her bare skin. She trembled, unable to catch her breath, and pulled away in an attempt to put some distance between them.
“Do you doubt me now?” he groaned, capturing her mouth again. This time, there was no reprieve. He chewed on her lips until they were swollen and aching. Hot fingers lifted the dress she wore and danced upon her naked flesh in tantalizing strokes. She gasped and whimpered, unable to hear anything but the roar of blood in her ears and the thunder of her heart.
“I need to touch you,” he whispered fiercely. “All of you.”
It was not a request and she did not take it as such. The gown was pulled over her head and in an instant, she was left bare. His eyes glowed unnaturally in the dim light of the fire as he looked at her silently. His scrutiny was hungry, greedy, and he lowered his head to capture each nipple in a claim that made her back arch in unimaginable pleasure.
“The things I want to do to you…” he growled, already spreading the silken curls the colour of honey between her legs. Such intimate contact made her instinctively flinch, but he was there, cooing soft words of endearment in her ear. Heat engulfed her, and when his finger found the small, sensitive nub at her core, she couldn’t help the urge to spread her thighs a little wider to allow for easier access. His groan of delight was all that mattered.  Her body was overheated, and the pleasure he inflicted with his lips and hands had her mewling shamelessly, tossing and squirming. In a flash, he shucked his clothing. She did not see him move but was grateful when he settled against her. Everything about him was hard muscle. Every move he made seemed calculated on bringing her pleasure. She opened willingly, lifting her head to capture his lips when he seemed content to simply watch her face flush as the burn in her belly built to paramount proportions. Her bold act delighted him, for he kissed and nibbled her. The scent of her oils stained the air and laid siege to his senses, and the moment she tensed and hollered her release, he pinned her upon the furs and settled himself between her thighs. The tip of his blunt erection pressed against the molten core of her, but he did not attempt to breach her entrance. His lips found her neck and took a sensual trail down between her breasts, lingered upon her quivering stomach and paused before her open mound. Brenna was too exhausted to move, to wonder at his intent until his tongue trailed itself from her nub lower until he met her entrance. She gasped and tried to scramble away but he held her firm.
“You cannot!”
Amused, desire filled eyes met hers. “And why not?”
“B-because…because…”
“You belong to me, Brenna. I can do anything I want to you,” he informed and lowered his head again. The soft warmth of his tongue sent shock-waves through her form, and before long she threaded her fingers through his hair and pulled him in closer still, unable to catch her breath or think rational thoughts. He feasted on her, licked and kissed and relished her core until she could contain her cry no longer and it was ripped from her lungs in a series of tears and purrs.
One thick finger was inserted into her even after her release, and still, he did not let up. She attempted to push him away, but he growled a warning and moved her hand away.
“Please, I cannot…I cannot…” Her cries did not stroke his sympathy but ignited his determination.
“You can, and you will.”
Another finger was introduced, filling her, stretching her slowly, in and out while his lips continued to heat her blood. By the time a third finger was slipped in she was stretched to capacity and ready to sob. Rhys retraced his kisses and journeyed to her lips and allowed her to taste herself on his tongue. It was erotic, knowing what she smelled like, and still, he had yet to remove his fingers.
“I’m going to claim you now,” he moaned, intensifying his touch. “Do you want me, Brenna? Do you want to become my mate?”
Anyone would say anything under the hands of sweet torture. She cried a positive response, only needing to fill the space that now dwelled within her, space only he could fill. In a flash he settled upon her and guided himself inside, stroking her nubbin mercilessly. The first tremors of another climax seized her so intensely her nails sank into his flesh, and it was in that moment he took the plunge. Searing heat momentarily drove the fog from her eyes, but he held himself still, not wanting to hurt her further.
“It could not be helped,” he stated thickly, but there was no apology in his eyes. Only victory. Brenna shifted the same moment he pulled away and sank back in, forcing a moan from her lips. He held her firm like a man possessed, and pumped in and out until his tempo quickened and his breaths came short. Before long he stiffened above her, and hot seed bathed the mouth of her womb, each pulse reverberating in her body.
He brought her down with tender kisses upon her form, tasting her lips until they were bruised. Brenna did not complain. Never had she known it could have been like this with a man. Her fingers threaded themselves through the thick hair atop his head, and for a long moment, she delighted in the weight of his massive frame as he shuddered against her anew. When he met her eyes, the tender emotion swirling there made her breath almost stop.
“There is nowhere you can go without me now,” he cooed, nuzzling her ear before dipping a heated tongue to trace the lobe tenderly.
The sound of his voice brought reality crashing in like a wave, and she stiffened instinctively, about to push him away when his fingers circled her wrists and deliberately carried her hands above her head. Laid out so vulnerable beneath him made her shiver anew.
“Already you seek to build a barrier between us where none should exist. I won’t allow it.” He met her lips gently, coaxing a moan from her. “Tell me why you are suddenly so withdrawn.”
“This can never last between us, whatever it is.”
Almost instantly his eyes glowed in possession, but there was nothing else in his touch or expression to betray the intensity of his emotions. “This thing is a mating,” he clarified thickly, rubbing his already semi-erect shaft between her slick, over-sensitive folds. “It means there is none other for me – or you. We are stuck together now Brenna. I thought you understood that.”
“I understand that you believe it.”
“And you do not?”
She sighed, stretching beneath his frame. He rocked forward again and dared her to suppress the groan of pleasure that was torn from her throat. “Can we not discuss this another time?”
“We have the rest of our lives to discuss it,” he agreed, capturing her wrists with one hand as the other journeyed to explore her body once more. “In the meantime, I intend to convince you how fated we are.”
Brenna closed her eyes and allowed him to claim yet another kiss.
She was not in the least disappointed.

Chapter Eight
Bjorn considered Daagan and rubbed a bruised hand over his face in an unabashed show of concern and frustration.
“Are you certain?” he pressed, meeting Dagan’s eyes directly.
“His report was clear. Rhys was captured along with the woman and taken into the lands to the west.”
Bjorn cursed soundly. “Graeme will never forgive this folly,” he grumbled, seating himself. Everything his interrogation revealed coincided with the news Daagan now brought. The lands to the west and south bordering his belonged to Thorn. Bjorn knew of him, but their routes hardly ever crossed as Thor’s stronghold was located on the south-western border, extending into several routes of trade that took him into Russia. A considerable holding and a man powerful in his right, Bjorn would not have thought he would risk discord with his closest neighbour over a woman.
Which begged the question everyone wanted to know – who the hell was she?
One thing was certain, he needed to inform Graeme and request a meeting with Thorn. There was still fury in his heart at the attack upon his village, but he was not so foolish to believe that he was any match for the forces Thorn commanded. If he moved too aggressively, his people would be murdered. If he did not take a stand, he would be seen as weak, a political affront he would be an imbecile to allow.
With a heavy heart, he sighed deeply, half annoyed with Rhys. For a man who had close on a century of experience in war, he was a complete idiot when it came to his mate.
“Shall I gather the men for battle?” Dagan inquired after a long moment of silence.
Bjorn shook his head slowly. “Have a message taken to Graeme. If this turns bloody we need all the support we can get. I will have the missive penned tonight. They leave at dawn.”
“We should at least attempt a meeting with Thorn,” he informed exasperated.
“We will negotiate for his release – but only when Graeme arrives. This is the first time Thorn has allowed an attack on us. There is much at stake. I must be tactful.”
Dagan nodded at the soft words that were spoken. “Of course. I shall have the messenger prepared for sunrise.”
Bjorn closed his eyes and exhaled heavily. To leave Rhys at the mercy of Thorn for any measure of time might have sounded ill-advised, but he needed to be wise in his dealings. If things did not go according to plan, he would have to choose between his friendship with Graeme or the peace of his villages.
It was one hell of a decision to make.
***
Brenna met Knot’s eyes with slow deliberation, only half afraid at the brush of disturbance in her mind. It was a presence, constant and sure, strong and unafraid, and it took her a moment to realize that it was Rhys. Somehow they were now connected stronger than before. The feeling was overwhelming, a constant reminder of his savage strength. He stood behind her, closer than necessary, the low warning growl in his throat more animal than man when Knot moved forward to brush a tendril of hair from her eyes. His fingers clenched and he eyed Rhys with black fury.
“Thorn summoned you – not your pet,” he spat.
Brenna shrugged inconsequentially. “We’ve already established he’s my shadow. Now are you going to let us in or not?”
He snarled and stepped aside.
Thorn stood across an open expanse that overlooked the hills he called home. To the west the sun dipped low, kissing the horizon in shades of red and pink. Brenna had once marvelled at the cold beauty of this man, had listened with pleasure and appreciation the maids tell tales of the fierce passion to be discovered in his arms.
That was long before she witnessed firsthand his brutality, his disregard for life, both human and skinwalker. He stood with hands clasped behind his back, not yet acknowledging her presence even as Knot announced her arrival.
Rhys brushed his shoulder against hers in a possessive manner that she had secretly come to adore. This physical attraction between them intensified daily, but whereas she sought to keep herself at a distance, he seemed to need constant touch.
Annoyed that she took such comfort and delight by his attention, she took a deliberate step toward Thorn and tried to keep the mockery from her tone. “You called for me?”
Cold blue eyes glanced over a broad shoulder and back again toward the horizon. “Brother, take the skin-walker into the hall until we are through.”
Brenna’s eyes met his with instant unease. She could feel the undercurrent of tension and anger radiating from each pore of his body in waves. Knot hesitated and made no move to do as ordered. Thorn turned to face the trio, one brow cocked in an unasked question.
“He allows no other near her,” Knot informed stiffly. 
Thorn’s eyes were as warm as a glacier when he advanced. “What inspires such devotion, I wonder,” he mused. “Could it be your pet hunger for something he can never have?”
Events of the night before flashed in her mind and made her cheeks burn in mortification. She was not embarrassed to have shared her body with him, but that these men who understood so little would mock her.
“Do not make judgments you cannot comprehend,” she intoned softly, her voice pitched low, seductive. The need to protect her rode Rhys hard – she received the full impact of his rage at being collared and defenceless, at his wounded pride at having to depend on her to keep him alive. Her head began to hurt at the intensity of his emotions and tried to channel her energy onto Thorn. He considered her intently as if searching for answers he had yet to question about.
“The only judgment I will make is your skinwalker's execution should you fail to deliver my Sight,” he informed, pouring a glass of wine for her. She took what was offered but did not drink. “Or if I discover any truth to Knot’s words.”
“And what accusation has be brought about me this time?” she mocked, not caring that the man in question had yet to leave.
“Not an accusation – a fact,” Knot defended hotly. “Even now you can see the way he behaves. It’s not right Thorn. She is compromised, of no use to you. Throw him in the Pit and give her to me.”
The control slipped even more, and she felt a wild eagerness to tear into Knot’s throat. These were not her thoughts – they belonged to Rhys. In the nick of time, she met his eyes, twin flames of green fire, and shook her head discreetly. She needed to get a handle on the situation before things escalated even more.
“He is territorial because I saved his life. There is no science to such reasoning,” she intoned, bored. 
Thorn nodded. “Maybe so. But there is much depending on your ability to deliver - which is why I have summoned the healer from town. She will examine you and confirm what I need to know. Take the beast,” he continued. Knot went to the door and summoned several guards, repeating the order given. 
Claws, long and deadly already graced Rhys's hands. His body contorted, the change undeniable. Brenna blinked away her shock and panic and tried to calm the erratic beat of her heart. If it was discovered that she was no longer a virgin, Rhys would be killed and she would be given to Knot. There was no helping it – unless she traded another Sight.
Gathering strength from deep within, she pushed Rhys’ rage aside and collected the now budding power from the bottom of her psyche. The air shifted, moved gently to cares her skin like a lovers touch. The effort to call a Sight in her panicked state was more difficult than usual, but she looked ahead, passed the threads of time into a future that held only blood. The halls of the castle were flooded with it, a torrent she could not comprehend. 
It happened in a split second, yet all three men looked at her in confusion and a measure of fear. Disoriented, she frowned, meeting their shocked faces from above. Only then did she realize that she floated a good five feet off the floor. She gasped and cried out. Concentration broken, she fell into Rhys’ strong embrace.
“Are you alright?” he whispered tenderly. She nodded and pushed him away. With much reluctance, he allowed her to stand and frowned as he wiped away the blood that trickled from her nostrils. “What was that?”
“Yes,” Thorn repeated, a healthy measure of awe reflecting on his face. “What was that?”
“A vision,” she gasped, short of breath. 
“What did you see?” Thorn demanded, his hands clenched at his side, respect flashing in his eyes. 
She swallowed the thick lump of fear in her throat and hesitated long enough to earn a scowl.
"Tell me!"
"Blood. So much of it, the halls were filled. Bodies scattered so the ground was hidden from sight."
Thorne paled. She knew why. Her visions were never wrong.
"When?"
"I do not know."
"Was it an ambush?"
"I do not know."
"Will I be betrayed from within?"
"I do not know."
"Did you see who did it?"
She glanced away. "He is unfamiliar to me. A stranger."
"That could be anyone," he snapped, making his way forward. Rhys was at her side in a flash, a growl of warning in his chest. "Are you able to identify this man were you to see him again?"
Bile rose in her chest. She cast an uncertain glance toward Rhys who wore an even fiercer scowl that before. The hesitation cost her much.
"Don't try to lie to me hex," he purred, pure malice in his tone. "Do not forget you are alive because of my mercy."
The rumbles reverberating from Rhys only intensified. Brenna brushed a gentle hand along his forearm to silence him as well as taking support in his strength and presence.
"It is difficult to forget the fact when you seek to remind me almost every day. As for whether or not I can identify the executioner, I cannot be sure. He was nothing but a shape hidden in smoke and ash."
Thorne's nostrils flared at her insolence and he spun away, furious. It was a moment before he addressed her again.
"I have a business associate attending dinner tomorrow. You will join us."
The horror of it made her stomach quiver. She was well acquainted with these meetings and wanted nothing to do with them. "I don’t think it is wise to-"
"I don't need you to think," he interjected softly. "Just do as you are told. From now on you will meet every person who sets foot in the same room with me, and you will show me this murderer."
She cleared the bile from her throat. "And if I cannot?"
"Then Knot will have orders to kill your pet...and make you his.”
***
Graeme ran a large hand tenderly around the swollen stomach of his mate and marvelled at the strong movement that momentarily distorted her distended stomach. Ulleum, a rambunctious toddler of two winters, climbed onto his back and tugged on the length of his hair, babbling words he alone understood.
Amarinda cracked open an eye and groaned at being awoken so early in the morning.
“Both babies are up,” he managed with a deep chuckled. His lips ground hers with warm affection and there was an angry protest from Ulleum who wasted no time in inserting himself between the couple and claiming his mother’s regard for himself. Graeme grumbled in displeasure. Ulleum mimicked one of his own, bolding meeting the flashing golden eyes of his father. Affection overpowered annoyance and Graeme huffed softly. Amarinda chuckled and caressed his bearded face.
“He is stubborn like his father.”
“He will dare to challenge me at a tender age,” he agreed, tumbling the cub playfully. “He will be disciplined for such.”
She shrugged and readjusted herself on the sheets. “You must deal gently with him.” Graeme scoffed but she pressed on. “He will live by the rules and hierarchy of the Were horde, but never forget that he is also a vampire. For that alone, he will struggle to fit in.”
The nursemaid knocked discreetly on the door and poked her head in. “Forgive the interruption Mistress, but it’s time for Ulleum’s nap, and there is a messenger from Chief Bjorn in the courtyard.”
Ulleum wiggled out of his embrace and disappeared with his nurse.
“I understand your concerns,” Graeme whispered, nuzzling her neck and inhaling the sweet perfume there. “And I will find a way to teach him what is expected of him. Until then I must see to our guest.”
Her lips were full and inviting, and when he plunged his tongue into her mouth he wished nothing more than to peel the layers of clothing from her skin and re-introduce himself to all the ways he could make her his. She had the same idea evidently, for the thick musk of desire flooded his senses. He inhaled deeply and nibbled around the edges of her mouth. 
“Tease.” He spanked her gently and adjusted his raging erection as he turned away. With an effort, he pulled his thoughts away from mating to the man who awaited him down the stairs.
Four months ago he had received an invitation from Bjorn, a Were leader to the north, to share in the festivities of his newborn son. Bjorn had aided in the battle against the Covens when Graeme had engaged them in a war that would have cost him many lives had it not been for Bjorn’s wise counsel. He was a powerful ally and a dear friend, but Graeme could not risk travelling, for Amarinda was pregnant again. In his stead, he had sent Rhys to represent the horde. His general had made a big stink at being dispatched so far up north and away from ensuring that the family was safe. Eventually, he relented, his last words ones of guarantee that he would return by the end of the first quarter.
Now, instead of Rhys, Bjorn had sent an emissary. A heavy knot settled in his chest. Worry had ridden him for the better part of a fortnight, a disquieting pulse that kept him awake at night and forced him to consider sending his emissary to inquire of Rhys.
Standing before the dying fire was a Northman. One arm was tattooed from shoulder to wrist and he boasted a shiny, bald head. A piercing looped around each earlobe.
“Graeme,” he inclined his head in respectful greeting. “I am Erick. Bjorn sends his greetings.”
Graeme embraced the arm that was offered and gestured for him to sit.
“How is the proud father?”
Erick rubbed his hands together. “He is well but for the news he was distressed to send.”
Graeme shifted uncomfortably. “Tell me.”
“General Rhys is being held captive by a powerful chief to the east of Bjorn’s territory.”
“How long ago has he been taken?”
“Nigh on a week.”
Graeme considered the sky blue eyes of his guest. “What happened?”
Erick rubbed the exhaustion from his tired face. “He is mated. We believe Thorne has the woman.”
Shocked, Graeme blinked. “Mated?”
“Yes.”
That would explain much. “Has Bjorn spoken to this Thorne?”
“The man is a tyrant. The rumours coming from his stronghold portrays more monster than man. Bjorn believes he needs a show of force to be persuaded but cannot risk the threat display openly without strong men allied with him…and the Lady Ferya is delicate. She is frail after the birth of the babe. Moving her and the child will only be considered if Rhys is not returned in good faith.”
“He anticipates a sit down then.”
Erick nodded. “Yes. War is the second resort.”
Graeme nodded silently and called to his side one of the guards. “Request of my brother-in-law his presence. And ale for our travel-weary friend.” As the man hastened to do his bidding, he pushed to his feet. “I will have one of the women prepare a bed for you to rest. We leave at first light.”
Graeme gave orders to one of the women and left him in her care. He needed to prepare for his journey north. He would do what he must to ensure the safety of not only his general and best friend but Rhys mysterious mate as well. 
Five minutes later Vilirus strode in, his hands covered in grime and beads of sweat dripping from his hair. A Hunter and vampire, he had gone rogue when his grandfather ordered the execution of his sister and Ullem, and now stayed with the horde in-between his travels. Aside from Rhys, there was none Graeme trusted to look after his mate and offspring more, even if their relationship was still strained.
“You called?”
Graeme explained the situation quickly. Vilirus nodded in agreement. 
“Be sure it is well understood among the men that my sister is my ward – I will have no interference if the need arises for me to protect her.”
Graeme sighed heavily. “The horde have accepted you.”
“Most of them.”
“Then you have the advantage of the majority.”
Vilirus’ jaw clenched. “They behave like fools. I would never harm her. You leave her care to me because you know I can keep her safe.”
“It is time you learn to work with them. As a part of the horde. The time will come when you will need them as much as they need you.”
Graeme watched as he processed the softly spoken words and nodded before turning away.

Chapter Eight
Brenna sipped the bitter brew of herbs and winced at the taste. The last vision she summoned forced weakness into her body so that, upon returning to her room, she had fallen into a sleep that was only broken this morning by the deep, restless snarls that came from Rhys. He slept still, sweating and discomforted. By the loud grumbles reverberating him his chest, she was surprised he hadn’t awoken himself. Her head hurt. She pinched the bridge of her nose and took the final gulp of tea before trudging over to the bed. From the moment she sat, large hands rolled her over and plundered her mouth with greedy kisses. Her sigh of surrender was rewarded with a tender nibble. Already the member between his legs pressed hot and heavy against her lower stomach.
“I dreamt you were gone,” he confessed coarsely. “I near went feral looking for you.”
The dress she wore was pulled up to her waist. He caressed her plump hips with delight.
“I’m not going anywhere.” She gasped. His fingers found the heat of her folds and strummed a light, persistent tune there.
“I need to make sure of it,” he announced thickly. “We need to be bonded, Brenna. I need you tied to me.”
“But we’re already mated.” Pleasure chased the waves of confusion from her mind. Two thick fingers penetrated her deeply. She moaned her encouragement.
“I need to mark what belongs to me,” he cooed in her ear, rocking against her so that every part of her opened to him in desperate need. Against her shoulder, she felt sharp teeth graze her skin. His body felt bigger somehow, broader, heavier, and as the pace of his fingers quickened, he met her desire induced gaze.
Eyes blazing a brilliant green, she watched in muted fear-filled delight as his face momentarily distorted. A wicked tongue flicked and tasted the skin of her neck.
“I need you,” came his hoarse confession as he tenderly abused a nipple through the material of her rough clothing. 
Brenna threaded fingers through his hair and kept his attention on her chest even as she bucked her hips in time with his assaulting hand. In a heated frenzy, she began pulling off his breeches. Two seconds later he was nude, his powerful body held taut over her as his gaze flashed in lust and impatience.
“Take off your clothes.”
Shaking, she sat to obey. He moved away from her beside the bed, every inch of him primed and ready to claim her. The heady scent of earth and grass flooded her senses. Feeling daring at the heat in his gaze, she leaned forward and ran the length of her tongue upon the bead of a clear liquid that seeped from the tip of his heavy shaft. A snarl escaped his throat, and in a heartbeat, he had her on her stomach, her rump aimed skyward. Warm breath caressed her wet folds, opened and bare to his consuming scrutiny. She looked over her shoulder. Rhys’ focus was on the swollen folds of her sex, his fingers sliding along the centre slit with awe and purpose.
She gasped his name. He needed no further encouragement to taste her. Greedily he feasted on her core, his fingers pinching and squeezing the cheeks of her rump even as one, then two fingers pumped inside her tight channel. His lips encased her trembling nubbin and he suckled there, taking her to the height of ecstasy. Even as her body shattered he did not release her. Helpless whimpers escaped her and her attempts at pushing him away were met with a stinging bite on her inner thigh that left her in no doubt as to who was in control. Her body was readjusted and his mouth was gone, only to be replaced by the thick rod of his member. He claimed her with fierce passion, holding nothing back as he pounded into her sheath of molten ore without apology. She could feel the intensity of his need through the heat of his skin. Just as before his control snapped and he pulled away. Brenna rolled over and cried out in denial. But he hadn’t gone far. One ankle was snared. This time, he pushed her knees to her shoulders and inspected the swollen part of her he so desperately needed.
“Rhys?” The uncertainty in her voice did not faze him. With a firm hand, he held her steady – and lowered himself to taste her again. The assault upon her core was vicious and thorough. By the time the second shattering claimed her every nerve in her body felt raw. Even then he fell upon her mercilessly.
“Hold onto your ankles,” he instructed. The voice that escaped him was more animal than man. Another flood of moisture wept from between her thighs. His nostrils flared at the renewed interest. When he penetrated, it was fast and deliciously brutal. Each stroke touched the entrance of her womb, each caress fanned the flames of desire until she broke again – this time, the pain of teeth sinking into her dulled some of the pleasure. She could hear the echo of his snarl in her ear and feel, with heightened awareness, the heady sense of completion he experienced when he stiffened and shot the very essence of himself into her. She clung to him weakly, feeling suddenly extremely vulnerable. He whimpered, spent, and dislodged his teeth, licking the wound and fussing when she hissed beneath his ministrations.
“You bit me.” Her voice held no accusation.
“To show the world that you are mine,” he confirmed.
“It hurt.”
“I am sorry, but there is no other way to seal a mating.”
Wide, pleasure-filled eyes met his. Rhys felt his chest inflate with the knowledge that he was the cause of it. “Will it scar?”
“It is supposed to.”
A frown furrowed her face. He kissed her again. “The bite of the Were is as unique as the mark of a finger. By scarring it proclaims you mine. We are now officially a mated pair.”
“Oh.”
He pulled her onto his chest. “Oh?” he mocked. “Is that the only thing you feel on the matter?”
For a long time, she stroked his chest in thought. “I am happy I belong to you.”
“I hear a “but” in there somewhere.”
“But do you belong to me also?”
He stilled beneath her touch and tipped her chin until their eyes met and held. “The very heart in my chest beats only for you. I will give my life if it means saving yours. Tell me you know this.”
She warmed at his words and straddled his stomach. Gently, she tilted his head to the side. He swallowed hard and cleared his throat. “What are you doing?”
A warm kiss was placed there on the tendon and the strong pulse that had quickened in pace. 
“Staking my claim.” Her dull bite was hard and unschooled, but Rhys felt the electric force of what she did straight to his toes. Her little teeth broke the skin so that she licked droplets of his blood away. He met her open, daring stare in wonder.
“If it doesn’t scar, I guess I will just have to bite you often,” she tossed saucily at his stunned expression. “Now we belong to each other.”
“Yes,” he croaked, lifting her gently to reposition her on the erection that was ready and waiting for her body. He sank into her wet heat again, but this time, Brenna braced herself and rode him, leaving no doubt that he was indeed claimed.
***
The intoxicating scent of his mate still stained his skin as he followed Brenna into the hallway. He walked closer to her than necessary today. Yesterday he might have been willing to obey her demands to allow her to be his protector, but his instinct as male demanded that he now relinquish her of said duty. Were or man would settle for nothing less. She sensed his need, just as he sensed her confusion then wary acceptance of the fact, and sent his approval through the emotional bond that had blossomed stronger throughout their claiming. He knew she detested going into the catacombs where they were being escorted. He didn’t know why, only felt her deep worry associated with the place – and an unshakable fear. His protection surrounded her mind and she held her chin higher still, striding at is she were not quaking within. His pride knew no bounds.
Before her, Knot ushered them along, his eyes ever lustful as he unclothed her yet again. It made Rhys’ blood boil. His mate found him amusing and he snorted loudly. When she chuckled, Knot paused.
“Is something funny hex?”
She adopted an innocent expression and shook her head. “No.”
“Do you recall the last time you were down here?”
Her footsteps faltered. Rhys was at her back, his clothing brushing hers. He felt the spike of her fear. It agitated him to no small degree.
“Do you think your pet here will give his life for you the way the last one did?”
When she did not respond, he pushed open the gate at the end of the passageway and gestured for her to enter first. “My brother thinks you are as pure as the snow on the hillside,” he sneered, “but I know why these dogs are so loyal to you.”
Rhys’ snarl echoed dangerously in the stagnant air. Knot kept his distance although his mocking words continued to echo softly behind them. Though the bond Rhys felt her dulled pain…for the Were he assumed had lost his life in helping her escape? 
Jealously settled in his heart at the thought of another touching her, loving her, although he knew from experience it was baseless. The force of the emotion made her stagger and for a moment, when he reached out to steady her, she caressed his fingers tenderly. It soothed his temper long enough to focus on the task at hand.
The stench of urine, filth and blood was faint. They proceeded down the steep, winding staircase lit by torches secured upon the moist walls. Another familiar scent made his senses sharpen to high alert. Bristling, cautious, he quickened his step so that no space separated them. The first guard they came upon met his eyes briefly before nodding a surprised greeting to Brenna.
“Joseph,” she intoned in greeting.
“He’s with the Ambassador.”
She nodded again as he stepped aside and gave them entry. Behind them, Knot cursed harshly and chastised the man, but Rhys had long since lost interest in Knot. It was the arena beneath that snared his attention.
Men fought.
No. Not men.
Weres.
The momentary shock was quickly buried beneath a countenance of boredom, but he noted each detail. The area was large, nothing more than a dugout pit deep in the stone floor. The stone along the sides was chiselled impossibly smooth. Dozens of torches blazed containing the heat so that each person in attendance wore the fragrance of sweat like cheap perfumed oils. The sounds of vicious snarls echoed and reverberated, a violent fight whose reward was the interest of the small group that was leaned over the iron rails.
Rhys paused in his steps long enough to snatch Brenna’s tunic and halt her. He had been in the company of the enemy long enough to spot them long before their stench betrayed their presence. The moment she turned to face him he pushed her behind his back, his body poised for attack.
“Rhys?”
The group turned if because of her inquiry or the sudden tension in the air he could not tell. 
“Brenna,” Thorn began, gesturing her forward. “We have been awaiting your arrival.”
Rhys refused to allow her passage. Thorn chuckled indulgently. “Come now. These are my guests. They will do her no harm.”
The vampire trio considered him with open curiosity. Rhys was surprised to see a female in their ranks and dressed as a man no less.
“He is not leashed,” the elaborately dressed male observed. “And is displaying a rather aggressive threat display. Do you trust him so much then?”
Thorne waved away their concern. “Brenna is fond of him and he fancies himself her protector of sorts. Overall he is manageable, I assure you.”
“Fascinating.”
“Foolish,” the female interjected boldly. Her pale eyes assessed Brenna with scorn. “He would have your head in a heartbeat if he wanted.”
Brenna stiffened and Rhys showed teeth for good measure. “I can have yours in half the time if you continue to make my mistress uncomfortable.”
Fury flashed in her orbs and she reached for the sword strapped across her back. Rhys stepped forward, his body already beginning to change.
“Enough,” the Ambassador rebuked tenderly. It was enough to make her reconsider and back down. Rhys was not foolish enough to relax.
“By all the gods Brenna! Get control of your pet or leave him outside!”
He felt the brush of her fingers on his arm in reassurance. “It’s okay,” she said softly. “Ambassador Aron is a regular visitor. It is his new guards I don’t know.”
Thorne gestured for her to venture. She did so, even as Rhys grumbled a warning.
“With each new moon you grow even more beautiful,” Aron purred.
Brenna’s smile did not meet her eyes. “And your tongue has become even niftier.”
His laughter was indulgent. “Yes. It is unfortunate you know me so well. Because of it, I can never seem to talk you out of a vision for myself.”
“My visions belong to Thorne for the moment,” she bantered, accepting his outstretched hand as he pulled her within the intimacy of their circle. Rhys was on them in a flash, present but growling. She flashed him an annoyed glower. He snarled and did not back away.
“He is extremely protective,” Aron observed.
She nodded and distracted him as she gestured to the arena below. “Have you chosen your cargo?”
“Yes. I am considering this last fighter now.” He glanced into the pit. 
With Rhys at her back, she too looked down. Lying in a pool of blood and struggling to breathe was a Were she was familiar with. Rhys picked up on the deep sorrow and pity she felt in her heart and did his best to soothe her. The winner of the fight was not unharmed. He was crouched in a corner nursing a wounded arm, bloodied from head to toe and snarling so violently Rhys feared he was close to going feral.
“He will do much damage to himself and others,” she whispered thickly. Aron might have taken her words as a good omen because he grinned in approval.
“Then he will make me much coin. What is his name?”
“Marrok,” Thorne quipped, his face aglow with satisfaction. 
Rhys sniffed at the pleasure in his tone before noting the sudden silence in the pit. With renewed interest, he considered the triumphant Were who was now standing and sniffing the stagnant air. He moved this way and that, his head lifted until his eyes, half-crazed and full of agony, fell upon Brenna. He huffed to dislodge the scent and made a mewling grunt in his chest that was a cross between bewilderment and curiosity.
Then he considered the wall.
Rhys noted the indentations in the upper parts of the pit with building panic. To the naked eye, it appeared that the leap would be an impossible one. Weres were not built to climb or jump such ridiculous heights. In all his years of training he could have made an accurate assumption – but this time, he was wrong.
The look of pure determination on Marrok’s face when he sank into a crouch made Rhys shout a warning and push Brenna out of harm’s way the moment the prisoner launched himself into the air. Rhys charged within seconds and positioned himself defensively before the prone body of his shocked mate who watched in fear.
With a heavy landing that brought him to his knees, the prisoner’s head lifted as he assessed Rhys thoroughly. Rhys tracked his movements, not daring to move a muscle. The man stood, taller and powerfully structured. He looked like he could have snapped the most skilled warrior without much of an effort. And he’d taken an interest in Brenna.
“Take him down!” Thorne was shouting, gesturing wildly to the guards overhead.
“No!” Brenna screamed. “Don’t hurt Rhys!”
Thorne cursed. Rhys snarled a warning when the Were dared to step forward. 
He sniffed again.
Rhys blocked Brenna with his body, out of sight. “Eyes on me pup,” he grumbled thickly. An amber glower flared insolently. Muscles bunched and bones cracked, and with much agony the Were shifted violently. He charged Rhys without warning, the brutality of his attack expected if the broken body still struggling for life in the pit was anything to go on. But Rhys was no untried sapling. With skill borne of wars killing vampires and training and chastising rowdy Weres, he was swift on his feet and powerful with his attack. It took three hits – one to dislocate a knee, one to temporary stop the floor of air to his lungs and one to take him to the floor – to end the fight. Even as the prisoner howled in agony and gasped for breath in fear, he struggled to his feet, refusing to admit defeat.
And he stumbled toward Brenna.
Fury darkened Rhys’ eyes. He snatched his stained tunic and delivered a brutal right hook to his jaw. The force of the blow propelled him through the short distance to the edge of the pit where he stumbled and fell. His back hit the hard-packed earth at the bottom of the Pit.
“Put him down! Kill him!” Thorne snarled.
“No!” Aron hurried to the area and seemed relieved that the prisoner still lived. Rhys huffed and returned to Brenna’s side, looking for any trace of harm. She stank of fear and anger.
“I’m taking Marrok,” Aron informed. “And that one.”
Rhys blinked, his body already readjusting so that when Thorne came to stand beside Brenna, he was a man again. 
“This one?”
The Ambassador nodded, his smile nifty. “Yes. I will pay double for him.”
It took him a moment to realize he was the ‘him’ in question. Hackles raised, he opened his mouth to speak but Brenna beat him to it.
“That is unfortunate my lord, as he belongs to me solely and is not for sale or barter.”
The smile vanished from the vampire’s expression and left only a mocking chill. “Brenna, do not think to nay-say me. Thorne and I have an agreement, the details of which you know nothing. If he wants me to keep my end of the bargain he will hand over any of the Weres I want.”
Rhys felt the heat of Brenna’s anger ignite. It spread through his chest like strong ale and warmed him to his very soul. The Ambassador cut Thorne a cold glance.
“Your thralls are given much liberty if they are allowed to disrespect your guests so flippantly.”
Thorne considered them both, vastly annoyed. “Brenna is more than just a mere thrall Aron, as you well know. But there is a solution to this. Rhys will battle one of your guards. If he wins he stays. If he is bested, he is yours.”
Malice reflected in Knots expression. “He is no match for a Hunter.”
Rhys watched as the female vampire dared to step forward, but was quickly stopped by her companion who cut her a quelling glance. She clenched her jaw and returned to her place beside Aron. Through the bond, he noted Brenna’s worry but spared her not a second thought as the Hunter approached and unsheathe a wicked dagger from his hip.
“This is not fair at all,” his mate complained, outraged. 
Aron shrugged as Thorne gave the order to commence. “Let us hope not.”
“I will watch gladly as your man is crushed.”
Aron grinned, fangs that were usually concealed now flashing in pleasure at her bloodthirsty words. “How you wound me!”
Rhys studied his opponent, taking in the way he moved and the arrogance that accompanied his steps moments before he changed. Features distorted, he endured the pain and revelled in the rush of adrenaline that summoned the beast. The man before him handled the blade with a steady expert hand, but Rhys specialized in knives and weaponry. Slowly he unstrapped the simple leather belt from his waist and wrapped it twice around his palm. The Hunter snickered mockingly.
The smile was wiped clean off his face when Rhys flicked the end of the belt with strength and purpose and caught him directly in the eye. The Hunter flinched and skipped away, hissing in pain. Blood streamed from the cut and blurred his vision constantly. Even when he moved, Rhys vied and blocked, getting in a few punches and receiving a few in return. The Hunter was disarmed of his blade when Rhys received a nasty jab to the arm. No sooner had the blade been tossed aside did he retrieve another.  Airborne, it lodged with a sickening thud in Rhys's shoulder.
Agitated to no small degree, Rhys yanked it out and grunted.
The Hunter rushed him with speed and force. Rhys felt the air knock out of him as their bodies catapulted through the air and tumbled over the ledge and into the hollow of the Pit. The agony of the impact triggered memories of free-falling from a bridge. The fear associated with it flooding through his mind, and in that one moment of panic, he lost control. Completely changed he sank deadly claws beneath the Hunter’s ribcage and delivered a fatal bite to his neck.
The blood that pooled upon his face and chest carried the stench of death, and he tossed the body aside as he stood.
Above, Brenna reached out to him with affection and relief, her face a mask of sorrow at the brutality of the fight, but it was Knot who snagged his attention when he moved in closer to Brenna. The growl emanating in his chest echoed tenfold in the empty dome.
“I am now without proper escorts to return home,” Aron near pouted, feathers ruffled.
Thorne’s smile adjusted accordingly. “Don’t fret Aron. We will provide the necessary security for your departure.”
Knot cleared his throat. “Was the death of the Hunter necessary? After all, he was a guest. Proving a point is one thing – murder is something quite different.”
Brenna’s alarm echoed loud and clear. Rhys considered the distance to the group and snarled in concern. The feat was not impossible as the fighter before had accomplished it. The urgency to return to his mate fueled his determination. He gathered his strength, agitated as he paced and watched as Knot continued to argue his case with Thorne. Even Brenna voiced her opinion and was made to be silent, but it was Knot’s voice that pressed the loudest.
“He is disrespectful and insubordinate to everyone but Brenna.”
“He belongs to me,” she charged boldly. “That was the bargain for the sight you desire.”
“He can live and fight,” Knot countered. “You have seen him, brother. He took down the Hunter as if he has been doing it from the time his mother whelped him. We can use him to train others.”
Even the Ambassador considered him speculatively. “Maybe you should take heed of what Knot is suggesting,” he mused, gesturing to the female guard. She advanced and looked preoccupied as she considered where he paced.
“We should trade him for the last fighter,” she braved.
Thorne shook his head firmly. “All sales are final.”
“Rhys will not be bartered. His life belongs to me.”
“Your life belongs to me,” Thorne snapped impatiently, “so by extension all you have is mine.” He cleared his throat and huffed out an agitated breath. “Rhys will be put in with the other skin-walkers to train them as preparation for the fights in the months ahead.”
Brenna stepped forward, but it was Knot whose fingers bit into her arm. “You cannot do this!”
Thorne spared her a scornful glance. “Do not test the limits of my patience. You should be relieved he is only training the men and not fighting himself.”
She kept her mouth shut.
Rhys noted the pinched look on her face when Knot attempted to pull her away. She was afraid, and that fear triggered something protective in him that demanded he kept another’s hands off of her.
Adrenaline pumped through every cell in his body and angrily he began to run. With a cry borne of strength and effort, he launched himself up the walls of the arena and scaled with less grace. That did not stop his ascent, even when the guards levelled their crossbows upon his moving form.
“Enough!” Thorne bellowed, leaning over the edge to observe the progress made. Brenna’s attempt at joining him was stalled by a firm squeeze by Knot’s cruel fingers.
“Stand down skin-walker,” he intoned calmly, a smirk on his face. “Your new responsibilities will only last until the time Brenna gives me the sight I seek.”
Helpless, Rhys snarled and felt his grip slip from the smooth stone. He fell, scrambled back onto his feet and attempted to propel himself up again. Anger sapped his strength and he could feel Brenna’s disgust and anxiety that demanded he protect her from Knot’s free hands.
“If your swine of a brother lays one hand on her-”
“Knot understands the consequences of keeping his member to himself,” Thorne nodded toward the guards. “Take him to the cells. Let him acquaint himself with the fighters there.”
And just like that, he was dismissed. He tracked the group until they were out of sight, all the while silently plotting the numerous ways he intended to torture Knot before he killed him.

Chapter Nine
Brenna yanked her arm out of Knot’s grip and faced him squarely the moment they arrived at her chamber door.
“This is as far as you will drag me,” she informed coldly. Knot sneered and moved forward, crowding her until she was forced to stumble back. When she connected with the wall he braced himself, caging her in with his body. Her cheeks were gripped brutally.
“Your pet has been caged. Without a guard dog, what are you going to do now?”
Her heart raced and when he lowered his head to kiss her, she sank her nails into his face and tore at the skin there violently. Knot hissed in pain and stepped back quickly. The stunned look on his face gave her enough time to yank open the door and slip inside. As soon as the heavy latch was shoved in place, the entire door shuddered beneath his attempts to break it down.
“When I get my hands on you I will repay you in kind! Skin for skin!”
Hot tears stung her eyes and she sank to her knees in both exhaustion and despair. What was she to do now? Thorne would never allow Rhys to stay with her now that he had him in the Pit. It was only a matter of time before he was paired in a fight. If that happened, Rhys could either live as a thrall or die like one.
Hopelessness made her sink into depression. The last time someone she cared for ended up in the Pit he died. She could not let the same thing happen to Rhys.
Tentatively she reached out to him, struggling to sort through the thick fog of fear that held her numb. As soon as she found the dull thread of his emotion, it snagged her with both relief and concern. She took comfort in his fussing and the intense burn of his rage that buzzed in her head like white noise. His presence calmed her. She allowed him to feel what she felt and accepted the stroked of tender warmth he administered through their conscious link.
She had to find a way to see him. But the risks were great. And then there was Knot to consider, always shadowing her. Brenna nibbled her lips and frowned. The new moon was only a few days away. She would have to find a way to get them out of here by that time, but for now, all she could do was pray that Fate smiled upon her this once.
***
The underground cells were packed close together and housed Weres, each one bound around the ankle with spiked shackles. Although not fatal, the wound would incapacitate any who was foolhardy enough to attempt a transformation. Not many considered him as the guard nudged him on. The place stank of faeces, desolation and hopelessness.
He had never before seen such broken men. The cell he was given was at the end of a long wall and boasted the only set of fresh straw on the floor that he assumed served as a bed. It faced the dozen or so cells. He watched silently as the guard blocked him in and took a few moments to do nothing but listen. Below, chains rattled. There was the tell-tale snarl of warning, the crack of a whip, vague shouts of panic. Above his head, he could distinguish murmurs and more chains. It was safe then to assume that the dungeons ran like a network, interconnecting like a maze if the echoes bouncing off the walls were to be considered. One torch burned where it was secured to the wall halfway down the corridor. 
“You wear no shackle.”
The wheezed observation came from the cell to his right. Rhys glanced toward the frail figure that was nothing more than skin and bones, stooping in the farthest corner. He smelled of open sores and infection.
“My shackles are not physical, but present all the same.”
Even beneath the dust and grime, blood and the length of matted hair that covered his face, soft compassion swirled in his amber gaze.
“Then I am truly sorry you will die in here,” he sighed. “Some of us have not seen the sunlight in many, many years. Others live only to fight – and when they are too injured to heal right, they are put down.”
Rhys stepped closer to the bars, his frown intense. “Put down?”
The prisoner nodded to the cell at the end of the hall. There, Rhys vaguely recognized the defeated fighter from the Pit. He was huddled into a fetal position, favouring his left side and laboured to breathe.
“If he does not die on his own soon, someone will be sent to finish him off.”
Bile rose, thick and suffocating in his throat. It was inhumane, an unnecessary evil that made him rage silently even as his heart was moved in pity.
“This happens often?” Distaste was heavy in his tone.
“As often as a fatal wound is sustained.”
Rhys turned to consider the old man and the thick grey clouds that covered one of his irises.
“And you old man. Why are you kept alive? Your bones can no longer take the strain of battle.”
He shuffled to the dirty straw and groaned as he bent to sit. “My purpose is to clean the wounds of the best fighters.”
Rhys sniffed in the stagnant air. Reading his expression, the old Were nodded. “Yes. I am dying. Infection of the lungs if I were to guess.”
“And these men? Wounds fester if not cleansed. This place reeks of disease.”
“Thorne cares nothing for the welfare of the thralls.”
“Thrall.” Rhys hissed through his lips.
“We are captured to fight, sold or die. Either way that is what we are.”
“And no one has thought to fight back?”
It was a moment before he replied. “There are penalties for revolting. Harsh penalties.”
“We are Were,” Rhys testified firmly, the proud bearing of his shoulders and the arrogant tilt of his jaw hard to miss.
“Yet here you are.”
He ground his molars in silence.
His situation, being here now was unacceptable. There must be a way to get out. How was he supposed to keep his mate safe when he stood helpless, bound by… by…
He clenched his teeth and growled in agitation.
Fear.
The word left a heavy bitter taste in his tongue. He was infected by the same fear he read on the faces of each Were shackled within these cells. 
Fear that Thorne would see him killed and Brenna would be given to Knot. The idea made his blood turn to ice beneath his skin. Whatever needed to be done he would not do alone.
He considered the men before him, rotting in their filth.
With much patience, he sat and waited until the guard strolled down the hallway, a bucket of slop and a ladle in his hand. At each cell, he spooned the thick goo into dirty, grime-covered plates that sat on the floor in the hall. As soon as the plate was filled, the prisoners snatched the meal inside.
When he arrived at where Rhys sat, he considered him.
“Thorne has given me the responsibility of training his fighters.”
The guard sneered. “Am I supposed to treat you extra special then? You get one spoon, same as the rest.”
Rhys did not stand. “These men are diseased. They need clean quarters, proper food and their wounds cleansed before they can begin to train.”
“That’s not my problem. Now shut up and eat.”
Rhys rose to his feet slowly, the plate in hand, well aware that every eye from each cell was now focused upon them.
“Where I come from, pups respect their betters, boy.”
The man laughed heartily, his jowls shaking in delight. “Well, you are here. Behind steel bars. In a cage. And you will be the one doing the respecting.” He hawked loudly and spat in the plate Rhys held, a look on triumph in his eyes. “Now eat.”
As soon as the words fell from his lips Rhys had him by the throat. Claws, sharp and deadly gently pierced the flesh of his neck as he struggled against the death grip. Rhys’ eyes blazed amber, there flickering a testament to his barely controlled temper. By slow degrees, the guard was lifted off his feet. The bucket tumbled to the floor, spilling slop.
“I will have your throat in my jaws long before breath leaves your body,” he snarled, the pure aggression rumbling like thunder in his chest. “I can have you disembowelled, or break your neck like a sapling. You live because I will it. Now, by first light, I expect each cell to be cleaned and all the wounded cared for. Fresh food – meat – to be brought to these men and special care is given to the fatally wounded.”
The guard struggled to respond. Rhys slackened his hold on him by a fraction. He gasped desperately for air, fear evident on his face and stuttering tone.
“I – I have no authority to -”
Rhys clutched him again brutally, this time pulling him closer so that his elongated teeth was impossible to miss. “That is not my problem. Make it happen, or there will be a reckoning.”
Fresh urine permeated the air. Rhys dropped him and stepped back, his face twisted in disgust as the man slipped and fell in his piss and the slop that was spilt there. Quickly he snatched the bucket and staggered away, his face flaming in humiliation.
Rhys tossed his plate aside and became aware of the many curious faces that considered him. He sought the straw pallet and spent the next few hours listening to the soft curses and complaints of the guard as he laboured to clean each of the twelve cells he was charged with guarding.
***
Brenna’s tentative seeking roused Rhys from a restless slumber. Darkness shrouded him. The events of the night before were foremost in his mind, but he pushed the images away to grasp onto his mate’s awareness. She was sad and felt great disappointment in herself at not being able to protect him. Stung, he scoffed gently, the need to hold and kiss away her self-doubt great. For a while, they took comfort in their bond. She was tired as if the distance and effort to focus took a toll on her. He broke contact easily enough, nursing a mild headache, and became aware of the lackey hustling down the corridor toward him. Several more guards approached.
“Knot demands training begin today.” He was sure to keep his voice low when he spoke.
Rhys got slowly to his feet and watched with concern as the men were hoisted up and made to leave their cells.
“They are not strong enough to fight.”
“Not fight – train.” The guard stepped aside, his face betraying only wariness when Rhys exited.
“They need rest and care.”
The man gestured for him to walk ahead. Rhys glanced toward the cell that held the badly wounded fighter. Shivers seized him. He was ghastly pale. Without looking after, he would no doubt die. Sorrow rose in his chest, so profound he was unaware of Brenna’s presence until she inquired of him. Her emotions portrayed concern, anxiousness, and he soothed her the best he could.
“There is no hope for him.”
“What is he called?”
“Weiss.”
Rhys spared him another glance and followed the line of shackled men. Their chains echoed in the enclosed darkness. Somewhere to his left behind a solid wall a snarl echoed, strong and sure. He strode ahead and stepped into the Pit. His gaze immediately went to the seats above, but there were only guards to witness their joust. Rhys noted the men, each one emaciated, unwashed, light and hope dead in their eyes. His gaze fell to their sore, shackled feet. Their ankles were rubbed raw where the irons constantly jabbed and pierced their skin. Years of abuse and starvation had already slowed their body’s process of healing alarmingly.
“Remove the chains.” The guards turned to their superior in question. Rhys’ green gaze hardened considerably. “Do not expect the impossible. No man can train in these conditions. And the shackle inhibits movement.”
The guard paled slightly then nodded to his men. They obeyed, although they bore the look of shock and tensely took the sidelines. Rhys considered the dirty faces before him. 
“Stretch your limbs. Walk and regain some strength into your bones.”
Hesitantly, they did so. He addressed the guard once more. “There is a fighter – the Ambassador’s last purchase. He is the reason Weiss is almost dead. Take me to him.”
The guard swallowed hard, his Adam’s apple was prominent. “Marrok?” He shook his head. “He is the most dangerous, kept quarantined because of it.”
“I am the most dangerous.” He let that hang there for a moment. “Take me to him.”
“But he has already been sold.”
The soft growl of impatience had him hurrying forward. Rhys was lead back into the catacomb, deeper still into the ground until they came to one very new gate. The bars were impossibly thick, the locks many, heavy and reinforced. Silence greeted them, and the stench of the guard’s fear and hesitation thickened the air noticeably.
“Wait above.”
Without hesitation he was gone.
Rhys was careful to stay away from the gate, his eyes piercing into the incredible dark.
“You are very foolish to seek me out.” The voice was deep but hoarse, as though it has not been used in a very long time, and layered with such aggression Rhys felt the hair on his skin and nape rise. His face gave nothing away.
“And why is that?” he asked softly.
A threatening rumble echoed in the enclosed room tenfold. “You kept me from my mate and would now dare to ask?”
Rhys’ eyes narrowed dangerously, noting the bulky shadow that moved within. “You have lost your mind. Brenna is mine. You attempted to hurt her. She was afraid. I did nothing another would not have done to protect what belongs to them.”
The snarl of impatience died away in slow degrees. “You speak of the yellow-haired witch.”
Rhys said nothing, his eyes aflame as realization dawned. “Tell me Marrok, what would you risk to claim your mate?”
He stepped forward then, a massive Were whose thick hair fell to the centre of his back. The beginning of a nasty, jagged scar stretched from one cheekbone to disappear beneath the full beard on his face. He was built like a bull with sinew and muscle appearing to sculpt every powerful inch of his frame. Black markings decorated his left shoulder to his elbow in an intricate work of art.
“Everything.”
Rhys offered a conspirator’s smile, fleeting but present. This was one ally he would not regret having.
“I will have your word that you would do no damage to the lives of the men you train with,” he pressed.
Marrok sneered. “My word?” he mocked thickly as if the concept was indeed a strange one.
“It will be enough.”
The smile faded away, replaced by wary curiosity and no small amount of disbelief. “How do I know you will not attempt to keep me away from my woman?”
Rhys frowned. “I hold no interest in your affairs. My concern is getting my mate to safety. What you do with yours is no business of mine.”
Marrok turned away, his expression unreadable. “The guard will not allow me to train with the rest,” he growled thickly.
“Because you have done much damage in the Pit. They would be foolish to trust your strength.”
“That makes you either very stupid or very desperate.” Amber eyes flashed intelligently.
“At this moment, both.”
The light confession was met with a snort, and when Rhys finally turned away, Marrok stopped him. “What do you know of her?”
He paused, recalling the fine-boned face and slender figure that concealed a mass of strength. “She has much courage,” he intoned, remembering the fearless manner in which she had drawn her sword at their exchange of words. “And arrogance.” He sniffed and turned his back. “And dresses like a male. Quite distasteful.”
Marrok nodded, seeming quite pleased by the small details. Rhys took his leave and met the guard shifting nervously at the top of the stairwell.
“He will train with the men.”
His mouth dropped open. “He will kill us all!”
“Have him brought up when I tell you.”
“You said the men cannot fight and that they are weak, in need of care!”
Impatience clouded his features. “Where are the strongest fighters that have not yet been sold?”
The guard paused, nodded as if the notion never dawned. “Prime stock then. They need no training.”
“Let me be the judge of that. Take me to them.”
He obeyed, leading Rhys to the dungeons closer above ground. Through the corridors, he could feel the chilled winds that escaped into the halls, identified horse manure and dirt in the air. Two guards hesitated as they approached. One of them blocked their progress.
“What’s going on Nolan?”
Rhys glanced toward him, eyebrows raised.
“Thorne has sanctioned Rhys to train all the fighters for the Pit.”
“These men need no further schooling. They’re the best we have.”
Nolan stepped forward and jerked a thumb toward him. “He killed one of the Ambassador’s Hunters.”
Two pairs of eyes considered him thoroughly. Nolan’s voice dropped an octave. “He took down Marrok.”
They held their breaths in unison. 
“He doesn’t look like much,” one of them offered. Nolan chuckled lightly.
“That’s all part of the deception with this one. Now let us through. Knot wants training to begin today. If you keep us any longer I’ll be sure to let him know whose fault that was.”
Hastily they stepped aside. “No need to be nasty about it.”
Nolan sneered and followed Rhys inside. Many cells were lined here, the stench of sweat, blood and urine thick. His nostrils burned and he instantly gauged the men who boldly stepped forward to assess him. These were strong, healthy, un-kept but well fed. And they did not reek of disease.
“This is Rhys,” Nolan spoke loudly, the keys he’d taken from the guards outside jingling where he wore them on his waist. “He will be training you to fight.”
One of the men spat inches away from his dirty boots before speaking. “You’re unshackled. You betray your own.”
Rhys turned to the Were, his face stoic.
“You speak insolently because these bars protect you,” he taunted. 
The Were snarled, aggression mounting, agitating the other men into growls of support. “No… these bars protect you.”
Rhys glanced toward Nolan. The man scuttled forward, hands shaking violently as he produced the keys. The others fell silent in shock. 
“Nolan will let you out,” Rhys began. “I take it you are in charge since you are the loudest?”
No one objected. Rhys allowed his eyes to travel over the group. Roughly fifty strong whose eyes were focused on the trio. “When the locks are opened you will have your chance at dominance,” he growled. “Make use of it well, because if I am victor, you and everyone here will do as I say without question.”
“No one commands me,” he hissed.
Nolan unlocked the cage and hustled toward the exit gate where he waited nervously.
“Let the winner decide.”
The man stepped out of the cell, the shackles on his feet and wrists chafing against his skin. He was young, his hair dirty but braided away from his eyes.
“Remove the shackles.”
Nolan did so, trembling.
“What are you called, pup?”
Arrogance reflected in his blazing orbs. “I will tell you when I have you eating dirt, old man.”
Amused, Rhys stepped back. With no warning, he rushed forward in a headlong tackle – a foolish move if Rhys ever saw one – and connected with the floor instantly. The kick he received beneath his chin snapped his head back, so powerful and swift he had no time to defend himself. Blood poured from his mouth, and it took him a moment to gather himself. Even when he pushed himself to his knees, he could go no further, dazed. 
Rhys considered the silent men, all stunned, grudging respect on their faces. Carefully he approached his opponent. Some of the fog had started to clear from his eyes.
“What are you called?”
He spat a mouthful of blood and saliva and gently assessed the damage done to the inside of his swollen mouth. “Jaron.”
Rhys offered his arm. Jaron took is after a lengthy assessment. He was pulled to his feet. Rhys slapped his shoulder in a show of affection that left him confused. “We begin training immediately. I will have nothing but full obedience to the instructions given.”
Jaron sneered but kept his comments to himself. Rhys gestured to Nolan who hurried forward.
And unlocked each cell door.

Chapter Ten
Brenna knew the exact moment Knot entered the room. She sat to the left of Thorne, one seat from the head of the table. Opposite, standing on ceremony, Ambassador Aron and the woman sat, sipping goblets of spiced red wine.
Knot dragged his chair closer to hers and sat, unapologetic for his late arrival although Thorne summoned him an hour earlier. The drone of conversation continued, nothing to interest Brenna. All she could think about was Rhys and how handicapped it felt to be separated from him. Earlier that day he had done an almost perfect job of shutting her out. She was panicked initially, even now more-so, because although she felt his presence, he chose not to respond to her attempt of communication. Her vain efforts resulted in terrible headaches, one that she currently nursed by sipping water and doing her best to ignore the men and the curious eyes of the woman who boldly pursued her.
Knot’s fingers closed around her hand on the table. She held her breath and pulled away, unaware of the woman’s smirk at the dismissal and Knot’s flaming face.
“You have not touched your dinner,” he observed in a barely audible whisper.
Brenna clenched her eyes, his voice grating against her frayed nerves. She sipped more water and chose to ignore him. A pitcher of wine was presented. She shook her head, the effort causing her breath to hitch.
“It will calm you.”
“I am calm,” she croaked, not yet lifting her eyes.
“It’s been three days since your pet has been commissioned with the fighters. Could it be that you grieve for him?”
Her stomach clenched at the truth of his words. There was no way to hide the emotions that shone through her orbs. Knowingly, she began to push around the contents on her plate and kept her head down.
“I worry,” came her confession, deciding to try a different tact with the man. “And as the New Moon nears, I feel Her pull. My visions are confusing and painful.”
Knot seemed momentarily stunned by her willing admission and jumped at the opportunity to comfort her.
“Perhaps some fresh air would make you feel better,” he said, attempting to reach for her hand again, this time the one fisted on her lap.
Brenna’s blood crawled and she forced herself to relax as he tentatively opened her hand. She allowed him to thread his finger through hers and pressed her lips together in a thin line of disgust, her hair concealing her expression.
“I would like that.”
Knot stroked her thumb and squeezed gently, and when she smiled, it was forced and pinched. Everything within her crawled, tiny shudders of revulsion that made her tongue heavy and bitter.
“You’ve been quiet,” Thorne directed finally. Knot released her hand and ate greedily, ignoring everything but his overflowing plate. Brenna winced and met his sharp gaze.
“The New Moon beckons.”
He smiled, his eyes flashing in barely veiled anticipation. “What do you require?”
She held the bridge of her nose and closed her eyes with the effort it took to speak. “Rest. Seclusion. Time to process all I See.”
He nodded and turned to his brother. “Take Brenna to her chambers. See that she is not disturbed.”
He grunted and wiped his mouth, and was just about to stand when a firm voice interrupted. 
“I will escort her.” 
Brenna looked toward the woman, shocked that she should offer.
Knot opened his mouth to protest but the Ambassador nodded his approval. “Of course.”
“I have promised to take her outside -”
“Let the women talk,” Aron chuckled. “I have noticed how you hover. No good will come of that if you choose to court her.”
Knot’s face flamed in anger, especially as Thorne joined in their mocking laughter, adding to his humiliation. Brenna found his fingers and touched him tenderly beneath the table, hoping he calmed. He looked at her, surprised, but kept his mouth closed and adjusted his seat as he continued his meal.
As soon as the woman entered the hall, she glanced at Brenna’s pale features and spoke.
“Are you the General’s mate or a casual lover?”
Brenna stumbled. The woman caught her quickly and helped her to stand. She stepped away, her face guarded. The woman looked curious, stoic, but something in her eyes held vulnerability.
Brenna opened her palm, her request a silent one. The woman thought long and hard about her decision before she relinquished her hand.
Eyes closed, Brenna was thankful that the vision came softly to her. She saw her, hair unbound in the sunlight, blowing in the wind as she ran through a green meadow. There was laughter in her eyes, a smile of great happiness on her face, the sound of children at the height of play, and deep peace that washed over her, waves of utter contentment. The vision was fleeting but sure. Slowly, she opened her eyes and saw the uncertainty that reflected in her orbs.
“I see you happy. Your most desired wish will be given to you by the Fates.”
The woman stepped back, pure disbelief on her face – then she snarled in anger. “You have no idea of my greatest desire.”
Brenna noted her length of hair, braided so tight her eyes tilted up at the corners. “Sunlight will bring colour to your skin,” she intoned gently. The woman paled even more. “And the sound of your children will make you endure even when all seems lost.”
“What are you?” she gasped, shocked beyond measure.
And just like that, the headache returned with full force. Gently, she touched her nose. Blood was found on her fingers.
“I am Salome.”
“Brenna.”
Salome helped her stand straight as they ventured down the halls. “Are you ill?”
Brenna focused on breathing through her nostrils. “I have been unable to function since…”
Salome was no fool. For that Brenna was thankful.
“I do not understand the workings of Fate,” she said thickly. “But I am familiar with how the separation of a mate affects those involved.”
Brenna blinked back the agony. From a distant place, she felt Rhys’ concern and snatched onto it, grateful for his reassurance and warmth that stroked the recesses of her mind. By the time they entered her chamber, sweat dotted her forehead. Salome ensured she was comfortable before scrunching her nose in distaste. 
“You are mated,” she confirmed, sniffing. Brenna’s sudden apprehension caused her to snort. “Aron drew it to my attention. Does Thorne not know?”
Brenna shook her head, eyes wide in fear. “And he can never find out. He will kill me. Or worse.”
Understanding dawned across her pretty features. “The brother.”
Brenna leaned back, tired, but the aches were chased away by Rhys’ presence, like dewdrops dried by morning sunshine.
“Why do you stay then? I can see Knot troubles you. Is it because your mate is a thrall?”
She shifted her position on the bed. “I have promised Thorne a sight. In return, he spared Rhys’ life.”
“That sounds like blackmail.”
“Whatever it is, I am helpless – more so now that we are separated. I don’t understand what’s happening to me.”
Salome walked about the room, noting the many jars of crushed herbs that lined the corner table and the neglected collar there.
“When vampires mate an unbreakable bond is forged,” she sought to educate by the way. “I do not know if the same is done with Weres.”
Brenna reached for Rhys. He was there, worried by her exhaustion, apologetic for his lack of attention throughout the day.
“There is a way to test the theory,” the woman continued. Brenna followed her movement around the room.
“How?”
“I will take you to your mate.”
Her heart-rate accelerated at the idea. “It’s dangerous. No one goes against Thorne’s orders.”
A wicked glint shone in her ethereal eyes. “When did he say you cannot see him?”
Brenna considered her hands, her face twisted in concentration. “The edict was never spoken…but it is understood.”
Salome tossed her braid aside. “Clear orders are given when they need to be adhered to.”
Brenna saw her logic and nodded although she knew getting caught would carry consequences. “You would take me?”
“Didn’t I say I would? I am the Ambassador’s escort, also charged with ensuring our cargo is ready for transport. It will go unquestioned as to why we are present.”
New determination caused her to become excited.  “Why are you helping me?”
Brenna noted the way her eyes darted to the side. She was hiding something, but the lure of seeing Rhys was too strong. “When?”
“Tonight. I will come to you.”
Brenna nodded. “If Knot finds out…”
Salome smiled, predatory and all teeth. It made a shiver run through her body. “Do not be overly concerned. Knot is the least of my concerns.”
***
Nolan unlocked the gate after midnight, his movement swift, shaking. Rhys crouched low in the dark, his sudden movement forcing the man to jump and scowl as he looked over his shoulder. He stank of fear.
“The Hunter demands to see you,” he whispered. 
Rhys stood, confused. “The Hunter is dead.”
Nolan pulled open the gate. “The woman. She’s horrific. Your mistress is with her.”
Rhys never moved so fast in his life. Nolan hustled to keep pace, giving directions when he stopped to breathe. By the time he arrived at the closed room, his skin was damp with anticipation. Through their bond, he felt her anxiety triggered by his own and was sensitive to her amusement when she realized he was close. Moments later the door was opened. Brenna launched herself into his arms, much to the shock of the guard who hurried away at Rhys’ glower. He held her, squeezed her to his form and inhaled the scent of her hair, behind her ear and the crown of her head. Each feature was assessed. He frowned at the dark circles etched beneath her eyes.
“You have not been sleeping.”
“Where were you all day? I was so worried.”
He kissed her softly, a meeting of lips that he savoured. Somewhere in the back of his head, he registered the other woman in the room, but for the moment his attention was solely on his mate. Her lush body cuddled against his. Above her head, he tracked the Hunter.
She observed them at a distance, noting each touch and manner, her eyes sharp as she seemed to catalogue their behaviour.
Brenna was the first to speak. “This is Salome. She helped me find you.”
Rhys nodded stiffly, not trusting the lethal way she moved or how she studied him. “At what price?” he quipped.
Brenna scowled at his rude manner, her eyes apologetic. “Forgive him. He’s-”
“There is no need to make excuses for him,” Salome responded, her voice like steel suddenly. When she focused on Brenna there was a softening in her expression. “How do you feel now?”
Brenna beamed, the flush of her face noticeable even in the dim glow of the lamp. “Much improved.”
“Then my theory proves true.”
Rhys scowled darkly. “What’s going on?”
“I’ve been ill since you were taken. Salome thinks it’s the bond we share. She says when vampires mate they cannot be away from each other for long periods.”
Rhys assessed the woman and smirked. “We are not vampires.”
“But the working of the bond might be the same.”
For another moment he paused then shook his head. “My leader is mated to a vampire. They suffer no ill effects and he is away often.”
Salome hissed, her eyes as large as saucers as she considered him. “Your leader…he is mated to the female from Coven Cronus?”
Rhys gently pushed Brenna behind his form, his body suddenly alert. “Yes.”
Salome shook her head, stomping down on her initial reaction to relax into a less threatening pose. “The Covens want every last one of you dead,” she informed mirthlessly. “Starting with your leader.”
“Fate decides upon a mate,” he intoned softly, gauging her reaction. She looked at the tip of her boots and chose not to respond.
“I cannot linger,” Brenna pressed, cupping his face in her palms. Rhys moved her hair aside before engaging the vampire once more.
“Thank you,” he intoned, holding her close. 
Salome moved toward the door and paused there. “Do you not have a problem with your leader’s mate being a vampire?”
He inhaled Brenna’s sweet fragrance. “She has become as dear to my heart as my leader. There is nothing I would not do to ensure her safety.”
“And the horde? They do not attempt to take her life?”
Bemused, Rhys shook his head. “There is hope among the men that the species can co-exist.”
Disbelief was written on her face. “And you?” he pressed when the silence wore on. “Do you believe a mating between the species is possible?”
“I don’t know.”
He nodded, sympathetic to her confusion. “A mated Were can be a dangerous thing. Especially to those who keep his mate from him.” She read the note of warning and insight in his tone and could not meet his eyes as she cleared her throat. “Brenna, we must leave.”
Rhys turned to the woman in his arms and scanned her features once more before kissing her thoroughly. There was much he wanted to say, but he did not trust the vampire and Nolan had already begun his pacing outside the door. “I shall come to you again soon,” she promised thickly, stroking the dirty tunic he wore. “Do not keep me out.”
Salome’s eyes perked up at the strange statement but moved to open the door, a brief moment of privacy that he took full advantage of by kissing his mate senseless. She tasted hot, enticing. The feminine musk of her desire bled through her pores and stained his hands so that even as she pulled away, her scent remained with him like a brand.
Salome was the first to exit and encounter Nolan who refused to give in to his fear and cower.
“You must have a death wish to test my patience, human.”
Behind her, Brenna bristled. “I am also human in case you have forgotten.”
Salome cut her an amused glance. “Some humans are worth more than others.”
“Enough,” Rhys interjected, stroking the length of sunshine hair that fell like a waterfall down Brenna’s back. He locked gazed with the vampire. “See her safe.”
Cunning eyes considered him, but she simply nodded and ushered Brenna forward, taking the catacombs as though she had been there many times before.

Chapter Eleven
Graeme reigned in his horse, exhausted and hungry from the ride that lasted the better part of the day. It seemed ceaseless, and he had not taken kindly to crossing the sea, for his stomach revolted most violently. It was by sheer will and stubborn determination he had not wretched and embarrassed himself before his men. They looked to him for strength and he had to deliver that, even when he felt none.
Now he faced the large dome-shaped lodging of Bjorn, the man himself standing expressionless with a group of his men, awaiting his arrival. Graeme dismounted, happy to have found his land legs, and embraced the arm that was presented in a show of welcome and respect.
“Graeme, it does my heart glad to see you again, although the circumstances of your arrival are unfortunate.”
He nodded and was ushered inside, his gaze noting the large open space that was sparsely furnished. Women and children were cleared out, and his men followed him as much as they could find a place to stand and listen to the events of the attack. Bjorn took his seat on the raised dais, his men flanking him. The air was heavy with pent up unease.
“Tell me of this Thorne.” Graeme’s tone was resolute. Bjorn obliged, each detail accounted with patience. Graeme’s men grumbled amongst themselves, their anger palpable.
“When we leave to negotiate we take our strongest fighters.”
Bjorn smirked. “Agreed. A show of strength is necessary. I suggest you rest tonight and we make our journey in the morning. The ride is three days long.”
Graeme nodded, agitated. Every time he thought of his general something dark shadowed his mind. There was an urgency in his chest, a need to reach him as soon as possible, made worse now that he arrived in this land to the north.
“Is it not possible to leave tonight?” he pressed. “I need to know he is well.”
Bjorn scowled darkly. “I see your General gets his impatience from his leader.”
Graeme grinned. “Rhys is many things, but impatient is not one of them.”
“He had none when he rushed headlong to rescue that woman of his. His carelessness got him captured.”
Graeme chose not to respond but accepted a tankard of ale and drank deeply. “Alright. We leave at first light.” Some of the men openly voiced protests, but it took only a gesture to silence them. “How are your woman and son?”
Bjorn smiled brightly, his eyes alight with great pleasure. “Stronger. The boy resembles his father. My woman has done me proud.”
Graeme smiled and thumped the older Were on the shoulder before reaching for another drink. Conversation flowed to less distressing matters, and the evening meal was served. Still, in the back of his mind, Graeme was restless. Even his men could not settle down. They lingered in the hall long after Bjorn’s men spoke of finding a place on the floor to sleep. Finally, Bjorn stood, wiping ale from his beard that boasted two long braids.
“Rest Graeme. Tomorrow we begin our journey.”
Graeme laid his head on the bench, eye pulsating with exhaustion. On the floor at his side, one of his men spoke amongst the rest.
“We’re wasting time. Even now Rhys could require our help.”
“Silence.”
Voices stilled. He closed his eyes and tried to get his riotous thoughts under control. Even when the men slept the urgency to gather them and find his General was strong. Sleep was a long time coming. When his body finally gave way to exhaustion, his brain plagued him with countless nightmares of shackles and whips, death and disease – and of vampires.
He awoke drenched in sweat, his body aching, the beast in him irritated beyond measure. One by one his men was roused, bleary-eyed, seeming to sleep as well as he did. The heaviness in the air was tangible. There was no laughter or smiles, nothing to lighten the mood. Even breakfast was eaten in silence, and in haste to leave. Bjorn joined them dressed for battle, his stride purposeful as he nodded a greeting and lead them into the yard. The horses were brought around.
Resident men bid their wives and families farewell with kisses and soft words of reassurance. Graeme was already through the gates, his men behind him, and their faces reflecting the concern of their leader. They pushed their horses hard, through daylight and darkness, and only when they arrived at Thorne’s boarders did they stop.
“If we venture unannounced it will be seen as an act of war,” Graeme mused, the pulse of urgency not hampering his good sense.
“And what would he call the attack on my people?”
Graeme grunted and leaned forward, speculating over the mountains, snow-capped and treacherous. The darkness seemed to settle further east, a thundercloud that hovered ceaselessly. Alert, they ventured boldly, not unaware of the flaming arrow that darted through the sky ignited a pyre halfway to their destination.
“The warning has been sent,” Bjorn informed unnecessarily.
“It is good he knows we come.”
“My wish is to retrieve Rhys with no loss of life to my men.”
Graeme nodded. “I understand.” 
“He must also answer for the unprovoked attack on my village.”
“We go armed, but request a meeting. Do not lack faith in me, Bjorn. I know what I am about.”
The Northman grunted, feeling the pure hostility of the men even as he knew Graeme was a mass of pent up fury. By the time they broke the tree-line and ventured to the open plain with the dark lodging perched in the hill ahead, a considerable amount of men was already dispatched, riding toward them with purpose. Bjorn signalled the men behind him to stop even as he and Graeme continued forward.
The duo that approached were dressed for battle, armour resplendent in silver and boasted the insignia of the clan. Graeme noted the pair of ice-blue eyes that met his unapologetically. It was the smaller of the two that spoke.
“What is the meaning of this trespass?”
Bjorn inclined his head toward them both. “I am Bjorn, Jarl of the Clan to the West and South. I seek a meeting with Thorn.”
Graeme did not doubt that the silent observer was the leader in question – his sharp eyes missed nothing.
“With a small army decked for battle?”
“Our swords are not drawn.”
“Tell me what business you have with the Jarl, that I might relay the message.”
“There was an attack on one of my villages less than a month ago. A woman was taken, and an esteemed guest. I wish to discuss the particulars with the Jarl, as those responsible for such a threat were his men.”
Blue fury snapped in the eyes of the silent rider, and it was with a show of anger and unrestraint that he snagged the spokesman in question.
“Fool!” he snarled. There was no mistaking the bite of his fingers. All too aware of the men openly speculating the scene, he released the man and dutifully removed his helmet. His face was cut from harsh lines and angles, his eyes hard, shards of clear cut gems in the sunlight.
“I am Thorne, Jarl of this keep. For the unwarranted attack on your people, I apologize. My brother failed to disclose all the details.”
Graeme held himself stiff in the saddle. “So you were aware that there was an incident.”
Thorne directed his gaze toward Graeme, the smile he offered cold, calculated.
“Perhaps this can be better discussed over a hearty meal and drink. Come. It must have been a harrowing ride.”
He replaced his helmet and spun his mount away, his body held rigid as the brother in question refused to meet his eyes as he too followed.
“I do not like his quick acceptance of our arrival,” Graeme spoke, yet to nudge his mount forward. Bjorn nodded.
“I shall send Daagan in my stead,” he decided quickly, then summoned the man with a lifted hand. “If nothing is heard from you by tomorrow evening, we attack.”
Graeme listened to the mount thunder and paused. The blond warrior accepted his orders, brave in the face of danger. Together they followed Thorne through the men he commanded. They responded to the unspoken orders and moved away long enough for the horses to thunder through before falling into formation once again.
“This is the most foolish plan I have ever heard of,” Daagan offered between clenched teeth. “If Thorne plans to execute us for marching a small army onto his lands we have made the job quite easy for him.”
“Thorne does not know us for the beasts we carry.”
“Have a care Graeme. Do not forget the rumours coming from this mountain.”
Graeme took the lead, recalling the tales spoken of battles and blood, slaves and riches beyond his imagining. One thing was certain – Thorne was a powerful opponent, and Rhys was being kept there. Already he felt it in his very bones, a soft vibration of hard, cold fact. His General had sacrificed much for him – had protected his mate, had saved his son’s life almost at the cost of his own, had stood by his side when his horde might have demanded his very head for mating a vampire. He had to get him out of here. He owed him much.
By the time their hosts dismounted, Graeme and Daagan were just about entering the gates of the large tower. Men hurried forward to take their horses.
“Come, rest while I have a meal prepared,” Thorne invited, his manner courteous but lacking all warmth. Dagan followed Graeme closely, their eyes taking in first the bowmen lining the walls and the points of entry and exit. Graeme noted the dismal, almost palpable dread that settled on the faces of the men. They did not scrutinize him. If anything, they kept their faces low and went about their business quietly. 
“There are no women and children here.”
Graeme frowned, for indeed Daagan spoke true. Discreetly he sniffed the stagnant air.
Men.
The keep was teeming with them. There were blood, sweat, urine, faeces, live-stock and the undeniable stench of fear. It snagged something deep in his chest and made him give momentary pause to the familiar scent that seemed buried far beneath the layers of stone and dirt under his feet.
Weres.
Many of them. There was no mistaking it.
Dagan nudged him forward. They hastened to the hall where a table was already being laid out before them, a cold meal the feast of the evening. They accepted the seats offered. Graeme made no qualms about sniffing the fare before him. Even then he did not eat.
“I am Daagan, second in command to Jarl Bjorn.”
Thorne poured a goblet of water and nodded toward Graeme. “And you? I have yet to know your name.”
“Graeme,” he supplied softly. “Chief to the Hordes of Northern Scotland.”
Thorne’s eyes opened in surprise. “You have travelled many leagues.”
“Unfortunately, we meet under such strained conditions,” he pressed.
Dagan leaned forward. “Many men attacked one of our villages less than a fortnight ago. A woman was taken – kidnapped.”
Thorne gestured to his brother. The man removed the helmet and met each pair of eyes with resentment.
“My brother, Knot. He was commissioned with returning to me a prized thrall. Had I known an attack was launched to retrieve her, he would have been punished.”
Dagan nodded. “Men died. And Graeme’s General and dear friend was taken in the fray.”
Graeme noted the panic in Knot’s eyes. Thorne did not betray any emotion.
“The skin-walker killed my men,” Knot raged softly, his lips compressed in pent up fury. “We barely made it onto these lands with our lives intact.”
Graeme brows raised in feigned surprise. “Was there any particular reason he attacked your men?”
Thorne shrugged. “He seems quite taken with the thrall that was found. We did only what was expected. But he is unharmed, I assure you.”
Daagan leaned back, relief evident in his tone. “That is good news. We wish to take him as a sign of goodwill. I am certain Bjorn will overlook this grave misunderstanding.”
Thorne was unhurried in his motions when he took a hefty drink of wine.
“And the General’s trespassing onto my lands? His attack on my men?” There was an underlying note of steel in his words Graeme did not like. Still, nothing could be gained by aggression. Reason would be his ally.
“I believe his actions were justified if he sought to protect the woman that was taken under duress during an attack your brother ordered. He neither sought Bjorn’s assistance nor was he informed of the search.”
“Bjorn would have assisted with finding her,” Dagan interjected smoothly.
“I am sure you can agree that a more…volatile Jarl would have seen his rash actions as a sign of war. Instead of peaceful negotiations, we would have met with swords drawn.”
Thorn spooned food into his mouth and took his time in chewing, cutting his brother a look that spelt retribution. When next he spoke, it was done with careful thought.
“Your man has become a much-valued asset to me. He holds a prominent position of training my men for battle.”
Graeme clenched his jaw but managed to keep his voice neutral. “Is that so?”
“But I am a fair man. You speak with courage and wisdom. Knot’s attack was indeed rash. Bjorn and I have lived in peace for many years. It will be foolish to have a falling out over the lack of tact that brought us here.”
Dagan's smile was easy. “You are by far a most generous king.”
Graeme was not fooled by the adjustable smile that played on his mouth. He looked toward the silently seething brother who offered no further input.
Thorn gestured to one of his men. “Bring him.” Then, to the food, he waved. “Eat. Your man will be brought to you, fed and then you will take your warriors and leave my land.”
Graeme did not trust him. He kept his face to his plate and offered nothing but grunts of responses to Dagan’s easy-going chatter. It might have been an hour later before he recognized Rhys’ scent. The man stopped, momentary shock flickering in his eyes before the emotion was masked and he delivered an almost imperceptible nod of acknowledgement.
“Your man is healthy and hale, none worse for the wear,” Thorn intoned quickly. The eagerness in his voice forced Graeme to pause. Now that he had seen Rhys he no longer worried, for his friend was in no way harmed, but there was a restlessness about him that had not been there before. When he looked toward the man standing less than ten feet away his posture was tense. It was the quick pair of footsteps that sounded in the room and hushed voices that forced Graeme to take particular note of Rhys’ reaction. He caught sight of the women who froze at the sight of them. His eyes widened in surprise at the sight of the female vampire, his senses sharpening considerably now, for her presence meant Hunters were present. For a fraction of a moment he thought Rhys was mated to her, but it was the hazel-eyed beauty who clutched her skirts in a nervous display that his General was interested in. Her eyes darted from Knot to Rhys, then finally to his and lingered a moment longer in recognition upon Daagan, who grinned rather fondly at the flush of her cheeks. The vampire stepped forward to boldly survey the room, her mouth unsmiling.
“Forgive the interruption,” she stated unabashed and clutched her companion’s hand. There was no mistaking her intent to drag her away, but the woman shook her head and focused on Rhys with an unsettling intensity. The gasp she struggled to hide was not lost to Graeme, and he frowned when she met his considering stare with a hesitant smile and a small nod of acknowledgement. Graeme cut Rhys a glance and frowned. Although his expression betrayed nothing of his emotions, Graeme understood without having to be told. This was Rhys’ mate. She was now a part of the horde. And under his protection. 
He smiled briefly and with great resolve faced Thorn once more. This was going to be more difficult than he initially expected.

Chapter Twelve
 Rhys entered the half-lit cell that housed the handful of men he had selected to carry out his orders the following day. Amongst them was Jaron. He commanded the loyalty and respect of the other Weres, and Rhys had promised them all a chance at freedom if all went according to plan. Softly he informed them of Graeme’s arrival and the men camped just outside the gates of the stronghold.
“Our victory is certain!” one of them exclaimed, the anxiety spreading like wildfire through the small group.
“As long as we keep to the plan,” Rhys repeated.
Jaron braved a snort. “We must wait for your signal. You have said it often enough.”
“The others?” Rhys inquired.
“Onboard. But many will think on your offer,” came the direct response. “Most of us want to pledge no allegiance when this is through.”
Rhys nodded understanding. “Of course. Freedom alone is its reward.”
“Have you spoken to Marrok?”
“Yes. There is no need to worry about him. He has his affairs to address when this is through.” 
Jaron braced himself against the iron bars of the cell and considered him with sombre eyes. “It’s during the bloodlust that concerns me.”
Rhys allowed a wry smile and turned away. “Be ready and alert.”
“I always am.”
He left the cells and took a cautious look around before heading deeper still into the catacombs. The moulded staircase that descended into Marrok’s cell was illuminated by a single torch he had instructed Nolan to keep burning.
“Have you eaten?” he asked softly just as he began his descent. Marrok came forward, his eyes catching the glow of the light.
“Yes.” His thick fingers gripped the bars. “My mate?”
“Her name is Salome. She is well. She has been Brenna’s companion and has braved Thorn’s wrath so that we can meet. You have been given a fearless woman.”
Marrok scratched the centre of his chest. “Yes…” The awe from his eyes disappeared just as quickly. “That foolishness ends now. Her risk is too great.”
Rhys nodded in agreement. “I have said as much. But somehow I think she does not take managing very well.”
“That will only last until I claim her.”
Rhys kept his thoughts to himself and changed the topic. “Do you remember the plan?”
Marrok snickered and turned away pointedly, making a beeline for the pallet at the far end of the cell and settled himself there heavily. “You have drilled the details of this scheme into my head for three days. I’d have to be an imbecile to forget.” He closed his eyes and exhaled. “Extinguish the flames on your way out.”
Dismissed, Rhys scowled but said nothing further – but purposefully left the torch burning and stifled an unapologetic smile at Marrok’s dry curse moments later.
Still, restlessness ate at him. Graeme and Daagan were given leave to stay until after the fight tomorrow before leaving. It was during this time he planned to take advantage of the distracted spectators and have the men escape quietly.
Through the bond, he reached for Brenna.
Her response was instant. It had been so long since he had her – since he inhaled the fragrance of her female musk.
Agitated, he must have projected his growing frustration for she seemed vastly amused by his dilemma. With a smile, he made his way to the upper cells. There, Nolan snored. Unconcerned he ventured through the armoury and into the courtyard. He was no longer contained or kept with the others, but as the lost general of Thorn’s guests, he was given free access to and from the stronghold, an advantage of also being appointed to train the men, and because Thorn wanted no problems with Bjorn.
Brenna, however, was kept guarded at all times. It frustrated her to no small degree knowing a guard was always positioned outside her door, courtesy of Knot. That man made Rhys’ blood churn to no small degree. Even as he ventured, he noted there was indeed a slumbering sentry sitting against the wall in the hall. The door was latched on the outside.
Cautiously, he eased the wooden beam open and pushed it in on silent hinges. 
And spotted a wide-eyed Brenna in the process of detangling her hair upon the bed. The door closed at his back, the lock sliding home. She exhaled a heavy breath and smiled.
“You dare much tonight.” The quiver of her voice betrayed the anticipation she tried valiantly to hide.
“For you, I will dare anything.” Slowly, as to feed the desire that flared in her gaze, he stripped and stood before her, six foot two inches of naked muscle and urgent lust. “Take your clothes off.”
Trembling she set her brush aside and pushed to her feet. The chemise was pulled over her head. Her ripe body curved in shadow and orange light from the fire and beckoned his touch. Reverently he approached. Fingers combed through the golden locks on her head, trailing well below the curve of her hips. Heavy lidded eyes considered him, drugged with unfulfilled need. Moist swollen lips parted in an unconscious invitation. Her skin was smooth, dusted with light freckles that made him want to kiss each one and trace their pattern until she cried his name in delight. The soft breath she exhaled scorched his skin like a brand. His stomach clenched at the anticipation banked there. With great tenderness, he swept aside her hair to view the healing scars of his mark between her shoulder and neck. And groaned in satisfaction.
When he allowed himself the first light touch of fingertips across her flesh he noted her hitched breath. There was quiet urgency within her, a knowing that no matter how slowly he caressed her, he would give her what they both needed this night.
One strong finger blazed a path down her stomach, its destination the soft curls between her legs. Slick heat was the treasure he found.
“Already wet for me…” With wicked intent, he brought the soaked digits to his mouth greedily. 
“Goddess…” 
He grinned wolfishly and nipped her chin, then delved his tongue into the pit of her mouth, gently coaxing her into a journey of taste exploration. His nostrils flared at the hitch in her desire. The erection he sported pulsed painfully where he was pressed against her. He wanted nothing more than to ravage her, to possess her in a way that would no doubt shame him when desire cooled. She read his desperation to make this good for her, and the battle he endured to leash the animal within. Her hands found him and she lifted a leg to hook a knee around his waist.
“I need you,” came her hoarse confession.
“If I don’t prepare you tonight I might hurt you.”
“What do you need me to do?”
Her innocent question made his near tremble. Wordlessly, he sank to his knees. Her fingers immediately detangled his hair. Rhys nuzzled his face against her wet curls and inhaled like a man bereft of air. There was nothing that smelled as appetizing as his woman.
“Open for me.”
She obeyed. The core of her shone in excitement. Rhys did not disappoint when his tongue found the bundle of nerves at her centre. His torture was slow and intense, soothing even as he kept caressing her lower back and intermittently pinching her nipples hard enough to drive spears of ecstasy through her blood.
“You taste so good,” he growled, positioning one of her knees upon his powerful shoulder.
“Oh goddess,” she moaned, pumping her hips to match the rhythm of his mouth. Two thick fingers were inserted into her channel, and while his tongue laid havoc to her sense, she was stretched and filled over and over until the tell-tale sign of her climax threatened. Rhys pulled away and tumbled her to the bed where he followed and spread her wide. With a groan, he buried himself deep with her to the hilt and pounded into her even as he stroked her core with learned fingers. The shattering response was breathlessly intense. The quick successive convulsions that coaxed his release milked him dry, pulled him deeper into her so that he laid upon her, heavy and lax.
Long silent minutes followed. When he finally rolled away she playfully delivered harmless bites of ownership across his stomach and chest.
“Tomorrow is the new moon.” She stilled, pensive, and chose to look away. He tipped her chin up and frowned. “Are you afraid?”
“Disappointed. In myself. I could not get you out…could not spare you Knot’s anger.”
His chuckle was warm. He pulled her upon his naked body, slick limbs tangled together. “I have to protect you. You kept me alive long enough for my leader to find us. All will be well now.”
“Thorn will not let me go, Rhys,” she whispered, distressed.
Something cold and hard glinted in his orbs. “You are mine.” His hands tightened around her body. “He will not have a choice.”
Brenna pulled away from his touch and offered a scowl. “What are you planning?”
Tender eyes considered her. “By the next new moon, I will make love to you in the green grass of the glen beside my home. It is a fantasy I want to be fulfilled – you naked and welcoming, bathe in sunshine and heather…and me.”
A rosy blush stained her cheeks. “I am a seer. How will your people accept me?”
He sat and pulled her into the cage of his arms. “You are more than a seer. You landed me on my ass the first night I found you half-drowned in the river. There is a power within you – I cannot begin to understand it. Then you stayed four feet off the floor during that private meeting with Thorn. He fears you, as he should. And you opened my mind so that I can now understand a language I could not speak. So you are no simple seer.”
She listened to the beat of his heart where he had her snuggled. “I am called a witch here.”
“Maybe you are.”
“I do not know what I am.”
There was an emptiness in her voice he had not heard before. It broke his heart. “That is easy enough. You are my mate.”
The safety she felt soaking up the heat of his body could not be compared. “Stay with me?”
He pulled a blanket of fur around them and kissed her languidly for a long time before sleep finally came.
***
Marrok’s eyes darted open the moment the flame at the top of the staircase extinguished. It took mere seconds of his eyes to adjust to the darkness and even less time to spot the lithe form that leapt impressively from the door to land a few scant feet away from the bars that caged him in. Disbelief and sheer joy sent his heart thundering when the sweet smell of his mate invaded the thick air, but he did not move. She paused there, moving forward the way one might approach a rabid dog. Even with the bare minimum of light, he was able to note that she took breaths through her parted lips. His nostrils flared, inhaling the complexity of her scent, imprinting it to memory even as every cell in his body called for a claiming. The member that laid thick and heavy between his legs stiffened with demand. An answering growl escaped his throat and she froze. The soft hiss of steel breached the silence of the night.
“Have you come to kill me?” he said, his voice a soft rumble in his chest.
It was a moment before she responded. “Are you going to give me a reason to?”
Amusement made him want to smile in the dark. “We have a lifetime together. Chances are I will give you many reasons to want me dead.”
Her gasp was swift. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Slowly he got to his feet. Her head craned back as she met his eyes, her vampire senses giving her superior vision. When he approached the bars she took a hesitant step back.
“Why are you here then?” he quizzed thickly, taking in the delicate structure of her face and her slender form. 
“Aron has bought you. It is my responsibility to ensure that his purchases are secured before and during transport. I was simply ensuring that you were not abused by the keepers in any way.”
The mocking laughter that rumbled in his chest could not be helped. “In the middle of the night under the cover of darkness?”
“I am a vampire.”
He inhaled again, allowing the rumble in his chest to echo. “I don’t care what you are. Soon you will be mine.”
“You don’t mean that,” she tried to reason diplomatically. Although she had yet to approach, he sensed she relaxed her stance. “Werewolves and vampires are sworn enemies. There is the matter of a millennia war and the fact that I am a female. The males of my Coven will not take kindly to my mating outside the species. Another Were was foolish enough to do that, now the annihilation of your race is certain. Not to mention the fact that you are not the type of mate I want.”
Marrok felt the bars give slightly beneath the pressure he applied there. “And what type of mate did you want?”
“A Hunter, for one.”
“I am a hunter.”
“A vampire Hunter.”
“Fate has already decided. A vampire is not in your destiny. I am.”
“You cannot be sure.”
“I know the truth and so do you. Why else would you be here under the guise of checking on your master’s purchase?”
“I speak true. We leave for the manse tomorrow and I am to ensure that no harm befalls you.” 
He sniffed, testing the air. She was warm and wet, and she smelled deliciously scared. He scanned her tiny body and scoffed. “You can barely protect yourself with your size.”
“Then you make the same mistake everyone else does.”
“Why don’t you come over here and prove me wrong?”
Another stretch of silence ensued.
“It hardly seems fair harm when you can hardly defend yourself in such close quarters.”
The laughter that erupted from his chest startled him so that he stopped short. “I look forward to taming you.”
“That will never happen.” She turned her back pointedly. “I will come for you tomorrow and expect full obedience.”
“Will I be rewarded for good behaviour?”
“Of course. You get to keep your life.”
He watched as she walked away, her hips swaying most enticingly when she climbed the stairs. He scratched the centre of his chest and grunted, tracking her to the door. She hesitated and paused. He thought she might have looked back, and admitted to disappointment when she made her exit and closed the door with a firm click. 

Chapter Thirteen
Rhys was the first to enter the Pit. His eyes lifted to the platform automatically, satisfied to see Graeme and Daagan seated beside Brenna. She looked regal there, even as Daagan leaned forward to speak to her in low tones. Whatever he said coaxed a smile from her lips. He pushed down the rising jealousy and reminded himself that they were bonded. Knot stepped forward to make the introductions to the group of men that occupied the available seats lower down the platform but safely away from the Pit. They were buyers as far as he understood and knew also that the four Hunters with them were the honoured guests' Thorn wanted to impress. The leader of the quartet leaned back, relaxed and unhurried as he carefully observed the proceedings. There was the look of wary amusement when Knot ordered Rhys to bring forth the first fighter.
He turned to the dark tunnel and nodded. 
Jaron strolled forward, shackles thick and heavy around his wrists. He was oiled from head to toe to show off his ripped features and kept his head lowered when Rhys lifted the chains to unlock them.
“Remember the plan.”
Jaron snorted. “I won’t take a beating from him for sport. If he hits me I will hit back.”
“I expect nothing less.”
Jaron made his way to the far side of the Pit. While Knot continued, Rhys gestured to Marrok. He took his time stepping into the light. When he did, the new buyers leaned forward in interest and barely masked delight. Marrok took his time in assessing those present. When he finally stood before Rhys, he presented his shackled wrists silently.
“Make it look real,” Rhys coached thickly. “Just do not kill the poor bastard.”
But Marrok seemed not to pay him any mind as his focus shifted to the platform. Rhys followed his gaze. Salome has just entered the room with the Ambassador. He greeted Thorn and took his seat. Salome remained beside him, the ever-present soldier. Rhys snatched the clamps from his hands roughly, drawing his attention back to matters at hand.
“You will take your mate as soon as Thorn and his brother are no longer a threat.”
“And her master.”
Rhys frowned. “He is an Ambassador for her Coven. Her job is to keep him safe.”
“She is a female.”
Rhys nodded. “I found the task a strange one as well since they sequester their women.”
“I will know the details of their relationship.”
Rhys nudged him forward with an impatient scowl. “When this is over. Stick to the plan.”
He watched him go down on one knee, take a handful of dirt then rub his palms together. Rhys made his way to the tunnel and into the waiting area where all of the men watched him with pent up anticipation.
Nolan scuttled inside, his eyes wide, sweat beading his face. The stench of buried fear agitated the men even more.
“The guards have been drugged,” he blurted, shifting uneasily. “The way to the east gate is clear.”
Rhys nodded. “The older men?”
“Waiting.”
He turned to the others. “Gather the wounded and get them out of here.”
Nolan hesitated. “If I leave Thorn will kill me.”
Rhys allowed his eyes to flash amber, a snarl on his lips. “If you betray these men I will kill you.”
He nodded, his eyes wide in terror. Rhys considered the stony faces before him and gestured for them to leave. Carefully he made his way back into the narrow tunnel that led to the Pit. Marrok parried with Jaron, looking for the life of him like a cat toying with a helpless mouse. He flicked his gaze to the platform to see that Brenna and Salome spoke softly. Aron and Thorn appeared to be in a heated discussion.
“He is not even trying,” the leader of the new group of Hunters snorted loudly, demanding Thorn’s attention. Knot turned to Rhys and gestured for him to take Marrok away angrily, even as Aron’s voice echoed.
“He’s mine. The only reason I agreed to this ridiculous fight is that I was assured he would not be harmed.”
Thorn cast Knot an irritated glance. “Have him taken to transport.”
Knot redirected the instruction to Rhys. Salome stood, her face appearing strained as Aron, grumbling, beat a hasty retreat. Marrok’s shadow towered above Rhys, his scowl dark.
“What’s happening?”
“They want to prepare to leave.”
“I’ll be leaving with my mate then?”
Rhys shook his head even as Jaron limped closer. “Hell Marrok, which part of not trying to kill me did you not understand?”
From above, the buyer bellowed, “Have my fighter brought forward!”
Knot turned to Thorn to await further instruction. Graeme and Daagan kept their places, silently awaiting Rhys signal. 
“If you go willingly with the Ambassador do you think he will give you his approval to mate the female?” he hissed, turning to Marrok as they entered the tunnel. “He buys and sells fighters. The moment he discovers the truth he will kill you both!”
The snarl on his face revealed abnormally long teeth. Rhys would not back down. “We stick to the plan no matter what.”
Jaron cleared his throat hesitantly. “They called for another fighter.”
Rhys nodded, his face stoic even as Marrok spun away. “Make sure he stays calm.”
Jaron’s jaw slackened. “I am not a magician.”
Rhys snorted. “Just keep him focused on that mate of his long enough to keep his shit together.” He spun around and entered the Pit once more, stunned to see that Brenna and Daagan no longer sat with Graeme and Thorn. Knot was still present, not pleased that Rhys returned alone.
“Where is our fighter?” he snapped impatiently. 
Rhys considered his leader stroking the beard on his face thoughtfully before reaching out to Brenna through their bond even as he responded for all to hear. “It will please me greatly to represent my horde and fight on behalf of Graeme.”
Graeme clenched his jaw and nodded his agreement stiffly. He spun around and focused on the dark corner of the Pit where a heavily barred gate was slowly being lifted with chains and reached out to Brenna a bit more aggressively than before. Her response was startled, then soothing. He found her safe but discomforted, even with Daagan at her side. Salome was preparing to leave and wanted a moment to say goodbye. Rhys turned his attention to the soft snarls that echoed before him once more, the link to his mate momentarily broken. 
There, within the confines of the space, ice blue eyes reflected fury. The stench of the vampire was so overpowering that he staggered back and sniffed to dislodge the stink from his nostrils. Slowly, like a cautious animal unsure of whether to attack or defend itself, the vampire crawled forward, keeping low.
Rhys made every effort to take long steady breaths through his teeth. The man before him was starved to the point to emaciation, each bone feature in his face pronounced and stark against his eyes. The hair at the top of his head was shorn to the scalp and there were markings along one side of his head, tattooed into his scalp in glyphs Rhys could neither read nor understand. There was a wildness about the way he surveyed his surroundings for all the snarls of violent warning that rumbled in his chest. 
“Meet our mongrel,” the new buyer stated, his eyes lined in amusement as he observed the duo. Rhys made careful circles, keeping the vampire within sight. His interest did not seem to be fighting. Rather, his eyes scanned the Pit restlessly, looking for an escape route. Rhys had done his fair share of battling vampires to know that this one appeared to have fallen to the curse of blood. The bloodshot eyes and the animalistic noises that echoed in his throat was evidence enough. The mere fact that he had not yet attacked in bloodlust proved that he held onto some part of his sanity still – one that was quickly slipping the moment he spotted the buyer above.
Gums swollen and sores appeared infected as he snarled and stood his full height. If he were not a pitiful sight Rhys might have seen him as a serious threat. As it were, the merciful thing to have done was to kill him.
He made to move to do just that, but a blur from the corner of his eyes stopped him. Graeme stood and now gripped the railing of the platform, his eyes widened in horror – and recognition.
“Whatever you do, do not kill him,” Graeme instructed. Rhys frowned, confused by the order given. The vampire spun instantly at the sound of his voice and seemed to freeze, his eyes unblinking as he took Graeme in with shock then distaste – then finally rage. He no longer focused on the vampires that brought him to the Pit, but on Graeme who stood rigid and unflinching. His attack was a blur of nothing but violence and energy. One moment he was before Rhys, the next he was scaling the walls, his powerful fingers sinking into the stone with the force of a sledgehammer. 
The buyers whooped in excitement even as Thorn bellowed for his armed guards. Rhys matched the vampire for speed and was at his side in the blink of an eye, his half changed form powerful and able to withstand any attack the vampire threw his way. His sharp claws anchored him to the wall as he snatched the attacker by the scruff of his neck and flung him back into the Pit. The vampire rolled in the dirt and was on his feet fast. For his weakened state, Rhys had underestimated his strength – and viciousness.
“Dishonorable is what you are, Were!” the vampire hissed, his face contorted in rage. Graeme’s nostrils flared even as he turned to Thorn.
“I have had enough of these games,” he intoned before turning to the group of buyers who watched him in interest. “How much do you want for him?”
The leader shook his head and smirked. “That is not how things are done. I am here to trade him for a Were.”
Rhys ignored the conversation long enough to consider the vampire when he spoke again. “If I am sold to him I will have his head for his betrayal!”
Rhys crouched low, waiting for an attack. “You must be mistaken leech. Graeme holds no loyalty to you, hence he cannot betray you.”
The anguished snarl in his throat erupted as he rushed forward, hands clawed and fangs exposed and stained. From somewhere in the distance he heard Thorn demanding to know what the hell was happening – and felt Brenna’s panic and agony through the bond so much so that it brought him to his knees in agony.
The vampire was on him in a flash, fangs piercing his flesh like carving knives as he tore and flayed him. He bellowed in agony, stunned and lightheaded by Brenna’s violent pull to do much else than struggle to keep his breath contained. The vampire fed brutally, taking his blood in a frenzy that left him dazed. He bellowed again when those wicked teeth were mercilessly torn from his body. Graeme was there, his thick arm locked against the vampire’s throat as he slowly cut off oxygen to his lungs. Staggering, Rhys got to his feet.
“I can no longer feel Brenna,” he confessed thickly, wincing at the pain in his shoulder. “The bond is gone!”
Graeme paled even as he struggled to keep the vampire from attacking.
“She is dead!”
“Maybe she is unconscious,” Graeme offered softly for their ears alone. “Pull yourself together. Change of plans. You go after the woman and get her to safety. I will meet you once the battle here is over.”
“You cannot take them all alone.”
Graeme glanced at the struggling male in his arms. “I won’t have to.” Rhys scowled and tested his shoulder. The pain there was scorching. “There is no time to explain. Just hurry.”
Graeme listened to Rhys footsteps as they faded at his back before he leaned close to the vampire’s ear.
“Easy friend. I am not going to harm you.”
The vampire stilled, body held stiff, not willing to trust the serenity of his tone. From above Thorn no longer occupied his seat - he as leaned over the railing, his face twisted in a fierce frown.
“Kill it!” he demanded as Knot reached for the bow strapped across his back.
“There is no time to explain, but we are fighting on the same side, I assure you. It is my wish to get those with me out of here. Do not turn your fangs on me and gain your freedom as well.”
In a flash, the vampire nodded. Graeme released him and took a few steps back, ever cautious that he might be attacked.
“This will not be counted as the fulfilment of our bargain Were.”
Graeme allowed his claws to extend. “I know.”
“Graeme, kill it! Why have you released it?!”
Graeme turned to the buyers as they assembled, their eyes glowing as understanding dawned. The leader shook his head in denial.
“Kill them both!” he bellowed, reaching for a sword on his back in instinct. A sword that was no longer there. Graeme could relate. Upon entry of the stronghold, all weapons were seized. The blur of arrows that whistled through the dense, panic-filled air did not catch Graeme by surprise when he turned to the platform. 
“You would dare this with my men at your gates?!” he thundered furiously. 
Thorn spun around and beat a hasty exit, Knot levelling arrows at his back. Graeme made quick work of the walls and stood tall on the platform, the feat not breaking a sweat. Knot fumbled with another arrow. Graeme could smell the stench of fear that wafted from his skin.
“You don’t know who I am dog!” he snarled bravely. Graeme felt the change come upon him and allowed the moment of discomfort as he reached the petrified man.
Before carving his throat out with razor claws.
Behind him, Sutter made quick work of the Hunters. They had full health and speed on their sides, but desperation was a good motivator, and he also gained strength from the blood he had taken from Rhys. When all three heads rolled on the floor the vampire lifted his face to the burning torches above and inhaled deeply.
“I must find Rhys,” Graeme informed, his voice guttural, hoarse.
Sutter’s eyes scanned the dome. “One is missing.”
“Rhys is my priority. I have men just inside these borders. You must leave while you still can.”
Sutter cocked his head and studied him a long time before hastening away without a further word of acknowledgement. 
Graeme turned to the door and made his way into the courtyard. It was time to call in reinforcements.
***

Rhys trekked deeper into the tunnels, favouring his arm as the fire spread down to his fingers. Through the bond, he reached for Brenna again. There was nothing – no awareness, no response. No indication that she was alive. Just … emptiness.
He staggered at the anguish and blinked moisture from his eyes. In the Pit behind eerie silence grew – then there was a snarl and a scream of anguish. The need to protect his leader was strong, but his mate would always come first. With remorse for Graeme, he raced down the spiral staircase that gave him access to the narrow passage that led into the catacombs. Brenna was with Salome last. They would have gone to the waterway that ran underground to the sea to transport Marrok. There was no other way Aron would risk travelling with a Were. 
Someone must have triggered the alarm, for the men who usually stood watch down here were no longer at their posts. Each step Rhys took echoed in the damp corridors. He could smell the stench of the water. Rats scuttled along the walls. Metal echoed where chains clanked. His breath sounded harsh in his ear. By the time he got to the underground cave, he could no longer feel his arm. His chest burned. Every forced breath he took sent a piercing sensation straight to his chest. He did not know what hurt more – being unable to save his mate or his physical agony.
Carefully he sniffed, trying to focus on dissecting each scent until he caught something familiar. Breath laboured, he forged forward until he spotted the soil-stained boots of Daagan protruding from behind several wooden barrels piled into a corner. His face was bloodied, his nose broken and his breathing strained. Rhys made a panicked sound – and was surprised to see the man’s eyes open.
“Brenna?” Rhys croaked. It hurt to speak suddenly. His throat was sore to the point of agony. 
Dagan moved no part of his body. Everything appeared broken. “The Ambassador forced her to go with them. The female...” He wheezed.
“How long?”
Dagan coughed up blood. “N-not sure.”
Rhys looked toward the rippling water made black with the limited light and impossible depth and felt helplessness settle heavily upon him. Determination borne of sheer will forced one foot in front of the other as he started to run. All his years of training and battling vampires at Graeme’s side prepared his mind for this. This would not be the first time he faced insurmountable odds. Once he had done it for Graeme. Tonight, he would do it for his mate. It was with that thought he picked up speed as his body transformed. The accelerated healing he had enjoyed most of his life was no longer in effect, but he conditioned his mind against the pain when his feet found wings. He had to catch the boat before they made open water.
He had to save his mate.

Chapter Fourteen
The pounding was ceaseless. And the movement…back and forth and back again until she swore she would hurl all over herself. She could not bring to eyes to open immediately. She tried to recall where she was, knowing instinctively she was not in the safety of her chamber. There were no fresh herbs to tickle her nostrils or fire to keep her feet warm. There was the smell of brine. Something hard dug into her side each time she moved. The floor, she thought with mounting panic, was moving.
Instinctively she reached for Rhys, her panic throwing extra force behind the command that he responded. He was there in a heartbeat, frantic and worried, on the brink of hysteria. He made demands, projecting images and thoughts of needing to know what happened. Slowly, her memory returned. She had been watching the fight. Dagan spoke to her in hushed tones with reassurances that all would be well. Although Graeme had yet to speak directly to her, she felt safe with him by her side. Then Aron demanded his fighter be made ready for transport as he had made prior arrangements with his ship waiting just off the coast that he would be boarded no later than this night. Salome came to her after and wished to speak privately to say goodbye. Graeme had insisted either he or Daagan be taken along. She had trusted Salome and had agreed to take Daagan as he was quick to offer his arm of support. She also felt better knowing Graeme would be there if Rhys needed him.
They walked and talked for a while in the hallway. Salome had invited her to watch them load the fighter and had even insisted that Daagan come along. He was leery, did not trust her. She should have known something was wrong. The woman would not meet her eyes when they spoke. And when they got to the river she announced that they had arrived.
The fighter was already shackled to the boat.
And Aron attacked Dagan. He was fast and brutal. Then he forced her to climb on board. She had looked to Salome for help, but there was none to be had. She grew angry then, panicked even as she felt power swirl through her body. Aron caught onto her before she could defend herself. She had called out to Rhys at the very last minute but the blow she had taken to her head knocked her out before she could let him know what happened.
Rhys was silent for a moment before he reassured her. Now that she was awake he needed details. Where she was being held, who she had with her, what she could see, where Aron or Salome was now but most importantly, where was Marrok.
It took her a moment to process all the information he needed but her head hurt too much to answer. She pushed herself up and touched the lump at the back of her head. And winced. It was the size of an egg.
Heavy chains moved from a few feet away. Her jaw dropped at the first sight of the man shackled there. He sat with his elbows resting on his knees and his hands dangling there as if he had not a care in the world, and considered her through dark eyes. Brenna scuttled away as fast as she could. Rhys was there again, demanding, fierce. There was no time to form thoughts. She simply projected at the moment and was wrapped in comfort and relief as he explained.
“M-Marrok?”
He titled his head and nodded. The breath she released was pent up terror. His nostrils flared but he said nothing. 
“W-where are we?”
“Along the river.”
“How long have we been travelling?”
“It’s been slow going. Less than half an hour. You were not out long.”
She scrunched her face and relayed the information. He reassured her that all was well although she could feel his masked fear that she would be lost to him just before he broke the connection with a promise to check on her regularly. Something else was wrong – he seemed strained somehow, but she dismissed it as panic and turned her attention to Marrok. He was tall and wide and boasted enough hair on his head and face to mistake him for a bear. Carefully she stood and tested her balance. Above she heard the unmistakable sound of footsteps. For a while she listened, noting that there were only two people on board and dared to move closer to the chained man.
“Can you tell if Aron and Salome are on board?”
“Above.”
She nodded, touching her head once more before considering his chains. “I don’t suppose you can break free of those?”
“When the time is right.”
She gasped and he growled a warning just before the opening to the floor above was pulled away. Long slender legs descended. Salome watched her with remorse written on her face.
“Brenna…”
“Don’t.”
Salome snapped her mouth shut and stiffened her spine. 
Brenna stood before Marrok, her chin lifted in fierce defiance. “You betrayed me – and the friendship I thought we started to have.”
Salome nodded, her words cold. “I am a vampire before anything else. My loyalty is to my Coven.”
“You took me from my mate!” she hissed, hot tears blurring her vision.
Salome clenched her jaw. “He will come after you. When he does we will have you both.”
Brenna shook her head in denial. “When he does, you and Aron will both die.”
The soft rumble behind her made the hair at the nape of her neck stand on edge. Brenna spun around quickly to see Marrok push to his feet. Her eyes widened. The top of his head almost brushed the floorboards above.
“I will not allow any harm to come to my mate.”
Blood rushed from her face. She considered Salome’s fury, then the stony expression Marrok favoured even as the woman hissed, “I am not your mate!”
Above, Aron paused in his movements. Salome sank her teeth into her lips until it bled in pent up frustration. Marrok whined an agitated noise Brenna heard Rhys make when he was upset – or aroused.
Salome closed her eyes to regain a level of control before flashing fang in a warning that forced Brenna to step back. But her anger was not directed toward her. It was focused on the man towering at her back.
“You will not repeat such blasphemy Were unless you wish to have your tongue removed from your head!”
Marrok took one step forward. Brenna scuttled out of the way, not willing to get caught in the crossfire. “I would love to see you attempt such.”
“Stop baiting her,” Brenna advised softly, unwilling to have her attack. Marrok snarled but said nothing further, his eyes just about glowing in the dark.
Salome advanced, but only another step, forcing Brenna to meet her eyes even as her voice was layered with regret. “I was given an order to lure you to the river. If I did not obey, I would have been punished the moment I boarded the ship.”
That caught Brenna’s attention. “Ship?”
Salome nodded. “It’s made berth beyond the cliffs. As soon as we get to open waters, all will be well.”
If they boarded that ship, she would never see Rhys again. She clutched her stomach with the urge to heave and staggered forward. Salome was there in a flash, her hands strong and steady as she took most of her weight. “Come, you need fresh air.”
Brenna did not have the strength to fight as she allowed herself to be lead up the ladder and into the night. Aron steered the boat, his eyes regarding her with cold determination.
“I am happy to see that you are not hurt.”
Brenna turned away, rushing across the narrow deck to release the contents of her stomach into the water below. The air was cold but fresh, and the wind currents started to pick up. Up ahead, she could see the glow of the new moon as the sky and open ocean beckoned. Soon, they would be out of the caves.
Salome tucked her hair behind her ears and crooned comforting words. When she could vomit not more, she was settled among the warmth of blankets. Salome kept her close but said nothing further. Brenna reached for Rhys and relayed as much information she could. His response time was slower than before. He had gathered his men. They were making quick progress from above. There was no need to be concerned. 
But she could not help being afraid, and angry. She turned to Aron and caught him considering her. There was a hard coldness to him she had not noticed before. The warmth that usually reflected in his eyes, gone. This was the killer she always suspected him of being. 
“Do not look so forlorn darling,” he crooned. “You are a powerful Seer. My Coven will give you the respect and honour you deserve.”
“And what do I have to trade for this honour?” she sneered softly. Beside her, Salome stirred uneasily.
“You will do what you have done for Thorn these many months. Predict the future. Ensure that we have power above the other Covens. Keep us a force to be reckoned with.”
“And if I refuse?”
He grinned indulgently. “You will do anything to secure the wellbeing of your mate.”
Brenna turned away, not having the strength or desire to spar with words. She focused on the river that widened slowly. A few more yards and they would be almost to the sea. At her side, Salome tucked the blankets closer to her body solemnly. 
“All will be well soon.”
Brenna pulled away and kept her back ramrod straight, doing her best to ignore Aron’s light chuckle and Salome’s gasp as she quickly retreated to another area of the boat. When she closed her eyes, it was to feel for Rhys. He was present but did not respond. She reached for him again, soothing and quiet, and felt his deep sorrow. She thought it might have to do with the fact that saving her now was impossible. She would never see him again.
His humour was mild but true. That was not the issue at all. Everything would be explained as soon as she was safe. If that was so he needed to hurry. They were almost out of the caves. 
Rhys knew. His men were already at the cliffs.
Brenna felt hot tears escape her lashes and dripped onto her tightly folded hands. When she turned to Aron, it was to simply smile. The Ambassador scowled but paid her no mind – until the echo of menacing snarls and what she could only describe as a howl echoed above the soft sounds of water lapping against the sides of the boat. Even the waves on the shore could not drown out the haunting sound.
From below, Marrok’s answering grumbles reverberated within the confines of the boat and made her blood run cold in her veins.
“Time is up Aron. My mate comes for me.”
He was swift on his feet. “Salome!” The female rushed to his side, her face set resolutely. “Kill anything that attempts to board us.”
Stunned, her expressive eyes met his. “I thought you made plans to keep the other Were?”
“Him you can simply maim.”
Indecision warred on her face even as she nodded. 
Brenna stood, her eyes flaring in fury. Around her, the winds lifted, the sound of crashing waves echoing in the tunnel. “If you kill him-”
Salome scoffed, tracking Aron as he disappeared behind supplies to arm himself against the attack. “I have no intention of killing your mate.”
“Just betraying us!”
“Shut up! I’m trying to think.” From below, the sounds of Marrok’s chains clamoured loudly. Salome stomped her foot and glowered at the solid wood there. “Stop that!”
Brenna tried to edge to the side of the boat as far away from the woman as possible. Sharp nails sank themselves into her flesh as she was snatched and pushed toward the entrance in the deck. “Get below and stay there until he comes for you.”
Brenna’s foot slipped on the damp ladder but she made is safely below even as Salome locked her in. To her right, Marrok pitted his strength against the chains that bound him. The links creaked beneath his onslaught but did not immediately give. Above, several battle cries sounded. Aron cursed and spat orders to Salome who no doubt moved to obey.
Brenna reached for Rhys, stunned to find him out of breath and greatly weakened. Something was wrong. Even as he tried to make her believe he was well, she knew he deceived her. She could feel their bond beginning to fade, like early dawn stealing the dark of night. It made her skin grow cold.
“I must get to Rhys,” she whispered harshly more to herself than Marrok.
He grunted at her words and tried again. This time when the shackles fell away the loud clatter snapped her out of the shock long enough to meet his gaze and repeat herself.
“You will stay until the fight has ended,” he instructed.
Brenna followed him to the ladder. When he did not attempt to go above, she too paused. “What are you waiting for?” she groused impatiently.
He stepped back and considered her intently. “My mate is fond of you.”
“She is deceitful and full of lies.”
“I will not hurt you.”
She frowned at his words but failed to make any further inquiries, for in a flash he transformed and was a blur of skin and shadows. Impressive canines lengthened and snapped mere inches from her nose. The scream that bubbled within her tore through the otherwise silent boat. Her skin grew feverish in the panic. She stumbled back, tripping in her haste. Marrok snatched her arm roughly, a snarl on his face. Instinct forced her to lash out, but it was desperation, panic and fear that stirred the whirlwind of energy within her so that the moment her hand connected with his shoulder, he was pitched away by a violent, invisible force.
Brenna’s breath came quickly, her heart thundering at a pace that was unheard of. Marrok stumbled to his feet and considered her in resignation and a sliver of fear before braving a step forward. She scuttled back, her hands outstretched even as tears wet her eyes.
“Don’t!”
He paused long enough to growl. “I mean you no harm.”
“You almost took my head off!”
From above, Salome’s voice was a distant echo, her words undecipherable through the loud hum that now resonated in the back of her head. Afraid, more of herself now than the situation, she reached for Rhys – and found nothing. Tears streamed down her face as she straightened, knees so weak she feared she would fall on her face. Marrok tensed and cocked his head curiously.
“Stay here.”
She pressed her hand to her chest to quell her panicked heartbeat and reached once more for Rhys. By the third attempt and no response, dread settled upon her. She looked around and in the dark, listened to Marrok snarl and his heavy footsteps make quick work of the deck. Aron bellowed for Salome, the snarls of Weres in the distance was almost drowned out by the constant crash of water lashing the sides of the boat. Brenna slowly climbed the ladder, pointedly ignoring Marrok’s command to remain hidden. His back faced her as she ascended, the sharp tip of a sword savagely protruding from his shoulder where Salome mercilessly slammed her full weight.
Aron looked pleased – a pleasure that was shorted lived the moment they cleared the mouth of the cave. Dark shadows dropped like flies from above, some hitting the agitated waters, missing the boat. Hot tears stung her eyes the instant she spotted Graeme. He got to his feet from a crouched position quickly, eyes assessing in a sweeping glance. Salome reclaimed her sword and backed herself into a corner, weapon raised, and her focus intent on her defence. Of all the other Weres, Brenna sought and could not find Rhys. She rushed forward, tripping over her feet in her haste to get to Graeme. Something in the hard look on his face softened upon reading the worry in her eyes. Before she could find her voice, Aron interrupted. 
“You will regret this interference hound!”
Graeme pushed her aside gently and considered the way the ambassador was strung up between two of his men. “You kidnapped a Weres mate – a crime punishable by death.” 
Aron’s face paled even more in the light of the new moon that kissed the dark sky above. “My Coven will not forgive this. If you want to live -”
“Kill him.”
Graeme turned his back pointedly. His broad frame blocked Brenna’s view. There was a harsh denial, a terrified scream, the sound of tearing flesh – then nothing.
Until Salome’s threatening hiss forced a brutal snarl to escape Marrok’s wounded form. In a show of strength he positioned himself between her and the five others who attempted to circle, warning them away, muscles bunched and ready to fight any who dared approach. Salome looked panicked, no longer attempting to impale him with the cold steel.
“Your mate will not be harmed my friend,” Graeme assured him calmly as if a dismembered body was not bleeding profusely at his feet. “No harm has come to Brenna. That is the only reason she will not be punished. Her conduct, however, needs to be reined in, and if you are willing to accept the protection of this horde until the time you decide your next move now that you are free, I am holding you personally responsible for any trouble she makes for me.”
Marrok straightened to his full height, his mere presence earning him grumbles of warning to stay distant from the others.
“Agreed.”
The men turned away, even as Salome turned her sword to him again. The weapon was brutally knocked out of her hand before he tackled her to the floor in a spar that amused the rest. 
But Brenna could not stand the sight of the blood that had started to stain the hem of her dress or the horrid expression that was frozen on Aron’s semi-decapitated head. Or the sheer exhaustion that came with simply surviving. Or the absence of Rhys.
“I can no longer feel him…” she whispered to the wind. Graeme offered his hand for support, all the while instructing the others to take them to shore. In the distance, the ship that awaited Aron and Salome changed course. Before long, the sails were nothing but a speck in the vast expanse of sea. 

Chapter Fifteen
Rhys felt nothing but weightlessness. Nothing hurt – but nothing worked either. His fingers did not twitch when he tried to move his hand. His feet refused to budge. Even when he breathed he could not feel his heartbeat. A result of the attack that left him bleeding and feverish no doubt.
Or maybe it was simply because his circulation was cut off by the body that was sprawled across his, ever so often shuddering as hot tears leaked onto his chest.
When he inhaled it was to imprint the sweet scent of a woman – his woman.
And she wept. So much so, now that he was slowly becoming more aware of his surroundings, he realized that there were other scents in the room.  Weres to be exact. All male. And all incredibly agitated if the tone of their voices were any indication.
“I say we kill it.” Bjorn intoned calmly.
“That is not an option.” There was no room for disagreement by the way Graeme growled.
“That thing almost killed Rhys. He may not be one of my favourite people but I respect his courage. And if he dies the men will want to avenge him. By killing it.” Jaron’s rumbling voice raised the loudest. Rhys winced and tried to move. Brenna’s body stiffened before darting away quickly. Suddenly her face was there, pressed close to his even as she whimpered and pressed soft, wet kisses across his cheeks.
The chatter in the room paused.
“I take it he’s awake,” Bjorn offered softly.
Graeme strode forward to gently pry Brenna away from him, a feat that proved unsuccessful as she refused to move. He huffed impatiently.
“Ach, let the man breathe lass. He has not seen his last battle yet.”
She flushed in shame before moving aside but did not relinquish hold of his hand. Rhys squeezed her fingers tightly, needing her presence to reassure him that this was not simply an elaborate dream. On instinct, he reached for her through their bond but she was already there waiting for him to establish a connection. The warmth of her love flooded him, and for a while he stayed there unmoving, listening to the drone of well-wishers around him when in fact all he wanted was to pull her close.
“How do you feel?”
Rhys slowly focused on Graeme’s sharp gaze before swallowing hard. “Hot.”
“The infection seems to be spreading,” Bjorn murmured, stepping forward.
He frowned. So he was indeed sick. Brenna confirmed with a brush of her mind against his. It had something to do with the vampire who suffered from the curse of blood. Rhys did not dispute the fact. Everything within him felt sore. And he was weak.
“How do we stop this?” Brenna asked. Her voice shook in concern.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Jaron barked, pure arrogance radiating off him like a beacon. “We get the vermin that did this to tell us how to stop it!”
Graeme turned to him in a heartbeat. “The prisoner is off-limits.”
“If that were my General dying in front of my eyes I would do everything to save him.”
Graeme was in his face, his eyes flaming. “You have no right to give your opinion on matters you do not understand. Now leave us!”
Jaron smirked wickedly. “I do not follow you, old man.”
“Enough…”
All heads turned to Rhys. He wheezed through the effort it took to talk but managed to throw a warning scowl in Jaron’s direction. “I trust Graeme…with my life. Listen to him.”
Jaron snarled but kept his mouth shut. It was on the tip of his tongue to ask about the prisoner they kept when Brenna answered the question with a quick download of images. The vampire who had wounded him was captured by members of the hoard upon his attempted escape. He was brought to Bjorn who wanted him killed immediately, but when Graeme found out he bargained for its life. Now it was kept chained in the catacombs where it spent its time wailing. Rhys tried to comfort her, for in her mind the sound of those angry, hurt cries only reminded her that yesterday, their fates had more or less been the same, bound in a place neither of them wanted to be.
Gently, he touched his shoulder and winced. Many bandages secured the wound. His fingers came away wet. It smelled of decay and rot. He frowned, his throat sore.
“How long have I been asleep?”
“It’s not healing,” Brenna offered, despair in her tone. “Not the way you should. Not like the last time.”
Graeme’s expression was grim. “It’s been three days. You should have been fully recovered by now.”
He struggled to sit up and could not find the strength to do even that. Shame filled him then. He could not save his mate from a fate almost dealt to her. He could not save her when she was kidnapped from under his nose and he could not save her now. While she was alone and afraid, he had been passed out due to blood loss and exhaustion. He did not know how she was rescued if Knot or Thorn were found or even if the Weres he tried to rescue were safe. He knew only the pain and fear he felt those last moments when he ran stubbornly with the men along the cliffs toward the sea, weakening with every step, attuned to her thoughts although he could not waste strength to comfort her when she could no longer feel his presence. For the rest of his life, he would have to live with the regret that he did not save her.
He felt her hot denial and the fierce protective urgency that bloomed within her at his self-depreciative thoughts.
“Graeme,” he croaked. His leader was there, strong and fearless. “Brenna needs care…when I am no longer…”
“Stop it!” she hissed. “You cannot die!”
But Graeme nodded his understanding of the matter even if he refused to voice the words. 
“I want to go home. I promised Brenna …the glen… my house there…”
It was getting harder for him to focus. Slowly, he closed his eyes and took comfort in knowing his mate was there to cradle his head as he drifted off to sleep.
Graeme did not make it to the door before Brenna’s firm voice addressed him. “The prisoner should be questioned.”
He paused long enough to meet her direct stare with a dark frown. Jaron flung his arms skyward. “Finally, someone with some sense!”
“The prisoner is dangerous, full of bloodlust so out of control he does not even recall his name.”
“Still, we must try.”
“I understand your desperation Brenna, and I have every intention of questioning the vampire. But the time is not yet right.”
Anger sparked in her orbs. “Rhys is running out of time.”
“He is stronger than you give him credit for.” He clenched his jaw and regarded her in silence long enough to make her squirm. 
“I agree with the woman. The longer we wait the sooner he dies,” Jaron quipped. “Already the wound is showing signs of rot and it has not yet been a week! Whatever must be done, it must be done now.”
Graeme nodded. “I am well aware of the consequences of waiting. But you need to trust me.” His piercing gaze met Brenna’s. She shuddered on the inside, not wanting to risk losing the one person she loved. Tentatively, she reached forward and held his wrist. He frowned and considered her fingers there, the look about him uncomfortable. Brenna inhaled and watched in fascination the events unfolding. There was a woman, so beautiful her eyes hurt. And children. Boys that looked like him. A large stronghold with many skin-walkers. There was a need within him to protect these people no matter what. A need to keep those within his protection safe, no matter what the sacrifice, simply because the woman bound to him expected such. She was the reason he breathed, the reason he was here now, struggling with himself. The scene changed suddenly to something dark. A cold place that boasted sparse trees and much snow. The prisoner was before him with much hate in his eyes, but a bargain was made. Then he held the beautiful woman in his arms and brought her to Graeme. She looked wounded, broken somehow. The pain was so palpable Brenna broke the connection and pulled away.
Graeme knew this vampire! That was why he did not rush to help Rhys. Rage simmered through her blood and she turned away, shaking fiercely. Her gaze landed on Rhys, sweating with the raging fever that would claim his life if something was not done soon. It broke her heart that the person Rhys trusted with his own life would risk it to protect a creature so vile. Taking deep breaths she strengthened her resolve. If no one would question the monster, she would do so herself.
***
Salome was kept under the careful watch of Marrok who had a hard time getting close to her. Brenna had not seen her since the night she was rescued from the boat, but she had seen enough of Marrok to know that the woman was kept confined to a chamber where she could not flee or cause any kind of trouble. Even after her betrayal, Brenna considered her a source in which she might have been able to gain insight as to what was happening to Rhys, but with Marrok’s constant presence and his sharp senses, she did not chance to take the risk.
It was Jaron she finally cornered after dinner the following night. He guided her down the familiar halls and into the catacombs whose cells now housed only a few of the guards who were not killed or captured. They were a sorry lot who were loyal to Thorn. The handful of survivors all stood when they entered the narrow passageway. Brenna lifted her hand to block her nose. No matter how many times she came down here, she would never get used to the stench of decay and death.
“Brenna…”
The cold voice void of emotion stopped her. Thorn pushed his men aside when he strode forward. Even behind bars, he appeared powerful, dirty and bloodied. For all of two seconds, she flinched at the authority in his tone, one that demanded she come forward. She held her ground and lifted her chin in defiance. By the snarl on his face, he did not miss the small smirk on her lips either.
“When I get out of here you will regret your betrayal, hex!”
Slowly, bravely, she took three steps forward. “I don’t know. You look magnificent locked away.”
Behind her, Jaron snickered.
Thorn’s fingers shone white where he gripped the bars. “I will carve your face away girl! I will beat you within an inch of your life for what you failed to do! You will pay for not upholding your end of our bargain!”
She considered him with a quiet intensity for a while, very aware of Jaron’s impatience to continue on their way. “I have fulfilled our bargain, Thorn. Your death is certain, delivered by the hands of an outsider.”
“Lies!” he hissed. “After everything that has happened, I still live!”
“For now.”
He continued to rail even when she turned away and followed Jaron further into the earth. Thorn’s angry shouts became nothing but a dull echo bouncing off the walls the deeper they went. The air became thick and stifling. Although the stench of death no longer lingered, darkness made progress slow. Finally, when the weight of the air seemed nearly impossible to breathe, Jaron pointed to a small door at the end of the narrow path. The hinges were silent when it was pulled open. A single torch burned on the wall to the right, illuminating treacherous stairs that hugged the wall and descended steeply into the dome below. Jaron retrieved it from the perch and held it before them as he gallantly offered his hand to assist her. At the bottom there was yet another door, this one made of steel bars so thick and heavy, it doubled her assurance that she would be unharmed. Even if the creature it held growled and snarled like a feral animal. 
She stood in front of the cell, trembling in fear as Jaron went about the business of lighting every torch that circled the room. Slowly, the creature was cast in light.
It might have been a man or vampire once upon a time before slavery and starvation became its lot. It was not secured by the chains linked to the walls but left to roam freely, pacing back and forth and muttering faintly to itself in a language she did not understand. 
“It suffers the curse of blood,” Jaron informed her when he finally stood at her side moments later. She noted that he adjusted a brutal looking weapon upon his fingers that boasted tiny spikes. Keys jingled from the bunch he had found. “I heard them say it is mad, not understanding what it does now that it has been denied a fresh source of food.”
“It is hungry then?”
Jaron’s hard eyes considered her. “For blood. Yours. Mine. It matters not.”
Horror filled her at the thought. He moved forward and inserted the key in the lock. The muttering stopped, as well as the movement. Brenna swallowed hard and did not miss the calculating flash of awareness that held more than just simply insanity. There was cunning in that glance.
And desperation.
Gently, she laid her fingers upon Jaron’s shoulder and shook her head. Jaw clenched, he removed the key and stepped away, pulling her back also least she got too close to the bars.
“This creature is more than what it appears to be.”
Jaron hissed. “Rhys might be dead in a few days. I do not care what it is. I just want answers. That is why we are here.”
Brenna scowled and met his fury filled gaze with her own. “I know why we are here. How do you intend to make him talk?”
He clenched his fists pointedly. “I have my methods.”
Brenna shook her head again and turned to the cell. Surprise filled her eyes at the careful inspection she was under. Every word she spoke, every intonation of her voice, every breath she took was noted. The intensity of that stare shook her to the core.
But it was the predatory manner in which that cunning smile met blood-red eyes that made fear sliver up her spine and doubt her wisdom of venturing here.
“You reek of terror.”
Jaron swallowed his gasp but she felt him go still beside her. “It speaks.”
“It?” The creature laughed wickedly, looking quite dangerous despite its thin form. “Dogs, the lot of you!”
“You are the one in the cage,” Jaron reminded softly. His rage was tangible in the heavy air. “You are the one who sank your teeth in my friend. Now he lies dying.”
The captive cocked his head, his eyes suddenly focused on her. “Are you here to take revenge now that I have killed your mate?” When she opened her mouth, he cut her off abruptly. “Do not bother to hide it. I smell him on you. In your blood. A bond deeper than most.”
Her heart tightened in her chest. “What is happening to him?”
“Why should I tell you anything female?” he spat.
“I know of your connection to Graeme,” she offered gently. That got her nothing but a growl. Still, she stepped forward. “Rhys is his best friend. You would be doing him a big favour if he were to live.”
Another sardonic laugh, more cold and evil than the first. “My favours are not given freely.”
She recalled her vision then, and the vague memory of a bargain. “What do you want?”
“Freedom.”
“Never!” Jaron snarled.
A careless shrug and nothing more.
Quickly, she clutched the bars. Jaron was at her side in a flash, his fingers biting into her arm. “Do not! He is dangerous!”
“Give me your hand,” she demanded.
He looked at her incredulously, the expression almost comical before he rushed to where she stood. There was an abject delight on his face the moment his fingers wrapped around hers on the bars. The clarity in his eyes disappeared, only to be replaced by the mad intensity he wore when they had first arrived in the room. He inhaled the scent of her skin through the bars, unable to get his face through. But fangs flashed all the same, and the claws that sank themselves into her hands were everything but human. Steel sang in the stagnant air. Brenna noted the small knife that was pressed against the bulging jugular of the prisoner. Jaron’s hand did not shake.
“If one drop of her blood is spilt, you forfeit your life.”
Brenna wasted no time. She closed her eyes and focused on the creature whose skin felt like ice against her own. It was a curious thing, the vision of feelings not her own. Feelings of pain and betrayal, of so much loss and self-hatred. But there were no tangible memories. Bits and pieces of the past emotions joined together to form a series of faceless events that held no real point of connection, drowned in the darkness filled with bitterness. Then everything changed in the blink of an eye. The chasm was slowly ebbing away to focus on one tiny pinprick of light that grew. It reminded her of a star, its glow dull and insignificant until it grew closer, blinding in its beauty. Everything around her pulsed with life then. The emotional memories made more sense, even if she could not put any order to those thoughts. The future held hope. For him.
“Sutter.”
She whispered the name the way she heard the voice say it – with a sweet almost desperate yearning that made tears sting her eyes with want.
Slowly, she opened her eyes, shocked.
The vision always came with faces, places. Even times. But this was new. It felt like – consciousness. It took her a moment to realize the mad haze no longer covered his eyes, but he too considered her in awe and expectation, the look on his face filled with wonder.
“That voice in my head…”
She released his hand quickly, jerked back by Jaron’s violence. At the loss of contact, Sutter, for she was certain that was his name, snarled violently. 
“Do not leave!” he begged. There was desperation in his tone, yearning in the hard edges of his unnatural eyes. Shaken, Brenna forced herself to meet his stare. “That was not your voice,” he continued, pointing to his head, his hands shaking. “Who was it? What did you see? Tell me!”
“Tell us how to save Rhys’ life first,” she shot, nerves racing along her spine like tiny spiders.
He seemed to weigh his options silently before a tick developed in his jaw. “The bite is fatal if not treated.”
“It does not take a genius to figure that much out. Tell us how to treat it!” Jaron snarled.
“He must ingest the blood of another vampire, one that has not yet succumbed to the madness.”
Brenna gasped, her face drained of all colour. “He must drink blood?”
“Untainted blood.”
“Why another vampire?” Jaron asked suspiciously.
Sutter looked at him as if he were incredibly stupid. “Because vampire blood heals.”
“So does our blood.”
“Not like ours.”
Brenna nodded, her brain working furiously on the discovery even as Jaron snorted. “How can we trust him? It’s his bite that infected Rhys, to begin with.”
“We have no choice.”
“Tell me,” Sutter demanded, holding onto the bars as if his very life depended on her next words. 
“The visions are not-”
“Tell me!”
She braved a step forward and felt compassion stir in her chest. “There is hope for you yet…happiness. But you will suffer much pain before you have it.”
His face hardened resolutely. “I have already known this loss.”
She shook her head. “I am afraid there is worse to come.”
He pushed away from the bars and turned then, looking bleak and lost. Jaron scowled and gently nudged her in the direction of the stairs. Her focus turned to Rhys almost instantly. She needed the blood of an untainted vampire.
And she knew exactly where to find one.

Chapter Sixteen
“This might not go too well,” Jaron grumbled as they picked their way through the halls. 
“We have no choice.”
“We should simply take her to him.”
“And risk setting Marrok off? I think not.”
He pursed his lips. “She will not willingly give her blood to save him. Measures must be put in place to ensure her co-operation or else-”
“Hush!” she snapped, slapping him lightly on the arm when she could bear his nitpicking no longer. “If she proves difficult I will think of something else. And I do not think it wise you accompany me on this particular visit. Marrok will be suspicious.”
He set his chin mulishly. “Well, that’s a damn shame since I have no intention of leaving you alone with them.”
“Do not be foolish. Marrok will not harm me.” Impatience was heavy in her tone.
“For the little mate who he followed willingly to be shackled on that boat? I think he will do anything for her. Besides, Rhys would not approve of this.”
“When we save his life he can protest all he wants.”
“How the hell does he manage you?” he grumbled, exasperated.
“He does not have to. Now if you want to be useful, get Marrok away from her long enough so I can convince her to come with me.” Even as she spoke she sank herself into an alcove in the wall, hidden by shadows the cobwebs.
Jaron hefted a sigh of defeat. “Make this count Brenna.”
She nodded as he hurried toward the door. His knocks rang out and it took only a second before Marrok faced him. Salome’s curses rang clearly, words that forced Brenna’s ears to flush. Jaron dared to look around Marrok, a stunned expression on his face before clamping his gaping jaw shut.
“I can hear that racket from the courtyard. Having trouble taming your woman?”
The response was a very angry snarl.
“Graeme would like to have a word with you and it looks as though you need rescuing.” In the room, something large and heavy crashed against a wall. “What did you do?”
The door closed at Marrok’s back and he slid the heavy bolt home, locking her in. Her declaration of hate made him pause. Jaron nudged him gently.
“Come on man. She is your mate. Sooner or later she will come around. She is simply afraid.”
“I will die before I hurt her.”
Brenna pressed herself deeper into the shadows as they came into view. 
“Maybe her fear stems from the situation. Mated to a Were, her master killed just three days ago, imprisoned and not knowing her fate. She may be a vampire but she is still a woman. Women spook easily.”
Marrok grumbled something undecipherable as they made their way downstairs. Brenna wasted no time. Her hands trembled when she lifted the barrier and entered.
Salome sat with her back toward the door, her shoulders slumped in defeat even when she glanced over her shoulder and caught Brenna’s eyes. Nothing was said between them, but the soft sniff that indicated tears was not lost to her.
“Are you going to try to kill me?”
Brenna scoffed although a part of her wanted to see the woman suffer. “That is hardly my intent.”
“Then why are you here?”
“Rhys is dying.”
There was a pregnant pause. “I am sorry.”
“If you are sorry you will help him.”
Salome huffed. “And how exactly am I supposed to do that?”
Brenna made her way to the bed. “By giving him your blood.”
Salome stood then, her face twisted into a scowl of shock and confusion. “Have you gone completely mad? I cannot simply let him feed on me. If the Covens discover I gave willingly to a Were I will be ostracized! Besides, it’s a sacred rite of passage reserved only for mates. So no.”
“You are not mated to a vampire so that hardly matters.”
Hot defiance flared in her eyes. “Marrok is mistaken. I would rather die than be bound to that jackass!”
Brenna bit the inside of her cheeks in contemplation before nodding. “I understand. I also know that Rhys is dying as a consequence of your actions. You told me you did not mean for anyone to get hurt. Did you mean that?”
Salome looked toward the fire, a whisper on her lips. “Of course.”
“Then please, save him.”
“Weres heal you know. My blood is not necessary.”
“For this particular wound, it is.” At the look of confusion on her face, Brenna explained. “He was bitten by a vampire that has the curse of blood. He is infected.”
Salome’s jaw dropped as she gasped. “He would be dead within the week…”
Fierce anger forced Brenna to meet those eerie blue eyes unflinchingly. “Only if you do not help him!”
Salome’s eyes fell instantly, in guilt, in contemplation, Brenna could not tell. She shifted impatiently. It was only a matter of time before Marrok found out that Graeme did not summon him, and this had to be done before that.
“I will help you…” Salome’s voice broke the silence and caused the tight fist that had not stopped squeezing Brenna’s heart to loosen considerably. “On the condition that you get me out of here.”
Brenna paled, glanced at the door and hesitated. A list of impossibilities and consequences flooded her mind in the space of a heartbeat, but she did not have to think long. To save Rhys, she would do anything.
“Done.”
“Tonight.” Her jaw dropped open. On the brink of a swift denial, Salome crossed her hands over her chest and scowled angrily. “Do you want your mate to live or not?”
Brenna choked back an angry retort. “Of course I do!”
“Then you will get me out of here when this is done.”
“How exactly am I supposed to do that? The entire fortress is teeming with Weres. They will scent you and Marrok will have our heads!”
Salome smirked. “I do not care how you do it – as long as you do.”
Brenna trembled as her fingers sank into her skirts in frustration. “Your blood better be as miraculous as the vampire claims or so help me…”
Sharp eyes considered her, but Brenna turned around and gestured for her to follow quickly. In the hall, they paused long enough for her to make sure no footsteps echoed down the hall.
“Which way?”
Brenna pointed to the left, and it was Salome who took the lead on lithe feet. They made it to Rhys chamber in record time, Brenna out of breath even as she locked them in. Salome neared the bed to consider Rhys. Brenna knew what she saw. His muscular body was as pale as death even as the wound on his shoulder rejected the multiple poultices and herbs she had meticulously applied to absorb the infection. Each vein on his arm, face and chest was engorged with what appeared to be black blood. He was fevered to the touch, and could not move.
Brenna hurried to his side and pressed her quivering lips to his forehead. His nostrils flared slightly, the vaguest sign that he knew she was present.
“We need to do this now.”
His eyes opened, struggled to focus even as he appeared distressed upon hearing Salome’s voice. Brenna shushed him tenderly. “She is here to help. You must trust me. I will never let her hurt you.”
Salome snorted. “Remove the poultice from his wound.”
Brenna obeyed quickly.
“Knife?”
Brenna reached for the blade Rhys kept faithfully strapped to his boot. Salome tested the weight of the blade and sliced her palm of her hand brutally before nodding to Rhys. “Open his mouth.”
Rhys sniffed the air and locked his jaw, even as Brenna explained that he needed to drink to heal. Salome glanced over her shoulder and when Brenna could not get Rhys to cooperate, shouldered her aside. “Do not coddle him. Time is of the essence.”
Brenna clenched her jaw and watched as Salome forced his mouth open with superhuman strength, squeezing her palm to allow a generous stream of blood to pour directly at the back of his throat. Rhys choked, wheezed. Hot tears stung her eyes, but she stiffened her spine. 
He moved then, just a twitch of his fingers and feet. And in a flash his eyes opened, bloodshot and amber, so full of rage that Brenna stumbled back. But Salome did not relinquish her hold on him. She pinned him with all of her weight, her face tensed in concentration as more blood poured from her hand. 
“Drink you stubborn idiot!” she snapped. “If you die another will claim your mate. Do you want that?”
Something beneath his features moved, begged to be released. Wicked teeth, sharp and unforgiving lengthened and sharpened considerably, and he made to snare Salome’s hand. She knocked him back on the bed in a flash. “No biting! Now settle! You are scaring Brenna.”
Sure enough, Brenna was terrified. Even as his fevered gaze searched the room and found her a few feet away. She clutched her hand to her chest and struggled to breathe as well, praying this would work, begging him to submit.
And just like that, he did.
He drank with his eyes peeled on her, unwavering, reassuring. 
Finally, Salome moved away with her face strained and pale. Brenna came forward and openly gaped at the wound. Slowly, the black veins faded and reduced until there was nothing but healthy flesh. His raw teeth marks on his shoulder, however, appeared even worse. Blood oozed from the wound – black blood, clotted blood, inflammation. And it stank to high heaven.
Salome stumbled away in haste, covering her nostrils at the putrid stench. Brenna collected as much water as she could and diligently started cleaning the area.
“Salome, help me.” But the woman did not move. Brenna’s eyes whiplashed her once more. “Help me clean this so I can get you out of here!”
That made her move. Even if it was to simply provide the clean linens for Brenna to wipe away the blood as fast as it flowed. 
“What the hell is happening?” she asked when the blood started to look redder in colour.
Brenna hesitated and frowned, tender and swift in her ministrations. “I can only guess. Your blood healed him by removing the infection.”
Rhys groaned. The concern in his eyes held her breathless for a moment, but there was no hysteria, no fever to his flesh. The wound on his shoulder was still raw, but no sign of infection lingered. Brenna leaned forward, unable to help herself as she pressed her lips to his blood-stained ones. He would live through this. He exhaled a sigh of exhaustion and closed his eyes. 
“Does he need more blood?” Salome asked, eyeing the gaping teeth mark in his flesh.
Brenna shook her head, tired. “No. His healing will begin I think.”
Salome nodded, about to speak when a thunderous roar echoed through the keep, so powerful that Brenna felt her knees weaken in terror. Even Salome who was mostly the face of courage paled and stumbled back. When she faced Brenna, there was desperation and a plea in her gaze, both of them too terrified to voice what they both knew to be the truth.
Marrok had discovered her missing.
“Get me out of here!” Salome near screeched, her eyes bright and pupils dilated to the point of being non-existent.
Brenna clutched her arms tightly, her face a mask of determination. “Listen to me! Marrok will not hurt you. You cannot run from him now.”
Salome pulled away and pinned her with an accusing glower. “You swore you would help me escape him!”
“And I will! But now is not the time. Please, Salome, we must be smart. Use this as an opportunity to prove to Graeme you can be trusted. You just saved the life of his General. He will kill and die for Rhys. And you saved him. You cannot escape now. Every Were here will be charged with finding and bringing you back to him.”
“I do not belong to him.” Her voice shook violently.
Brenna chose not to comment of that particular opinion but continued nevertheless. “It can buy us time to come up with a better plan.”
Salome considered her words and finally nodded, not too soon either, for the door of the chamber were slammed open so that it cracked upon contact with the stone wall.
Marrok filled the door space, so large and forbidding in his Were form that Brenna felt Salome trembling through their hands that were now tightly linked. Behind him, Jaron came to a skidding halt, as well as Graeme and several of his men. When he entered, Brenna felt her insides quiver. Marrok was a giant compared to the rest. His chest heaved in rage and agitation as he pinned Salome with an accusing glower. Brenna felt her fear and braved a step forward, even as Graeme told his men to stand down and ventured further into the room.
“What the hell is going on in here?”
Brenna’s voice shook almost to the point of being incomprehensible. “Salome healed Rhys.”
Graeme turned to consider his general laying on his back, sleeping so deeply the ruckus did not disturb him. Disbelief touched his orbs – and suspicion.
“And how exactly did she do that?”
Salome trembled.
“She gave him her blood.”
Marrok snarled and made to move, but Brenna felt the heat of her power surge from deep within. This was the only time warning came before she pulled away from Salome’s grasp to boldly face Marrok down. Everything within her was afraid.  Marrok towered over her petite form, snarling and growling inaudible threats she not only understood but dared to challenge.
“I went to the dungeons to have a word with the vampire who did this to him,” she informed, unaware that Graeme stepped away from her in shock. “You did not want to question him because you know him somehow, and I was not willing to risk Rhys life to keep whatever secrets you do not want to be exposed. He told me what I needed to know to save Rhys. Salome agreed to help. Now the infection is out of his body and he has a fighting chance at surviving.”
“You gave him your life force!” Marrok snarled, unable to keep himself contained. 
Brenna lifted her hand and embraced the energy that charged around her like lightening. “If you dare hurt her I will put you down!”
Pure incredulity gave him pause, and Graeme took the opportunity to cautiously advance. “What are you lass?”
Brenna swallowed hard. “A witch.”
He sniffed the air and huffed, then retreated once more. “How exactly did you get the vampire to talk?”
She closed her eyes and felt Salome offer silent support behind her. “I see visions of the future and memories of the past. I simply gave him a Sight.”
Cunning lighted Graeme’s eyes. “And that is why you were kept prisoner under Thorn’s thumb?”
She did not have to explain the why of the matter. By the compassionate look on his face, he already knew. “Yes.”
Sighing heavily, he faced Marrok. “Enough. Your woman is well – just terrified.”
“I will never-“
“See that she is comfortable and cared for. We leave when Rhys is fully recovered.”
Salome whimpered, but Brenna turned to her and embraced her quickly, hard. “Remember the plan.”
She stiffened her spine and searched her eyes before turning to Marrok who had leashed the beast and, although still visibly tense, looked relieved she did not fight. When the couple left it was Jaron who hesitated long enough to earn Graeme’s attention.
“Is there something you needed, pup?”
Jaron shifted and scratched the back of his head. “It was not entirely-”
“That is quite enough from you,” Brenna snapped waspishly.
He flushed and looked away. Graeme folded thick arms and nodded. “I see. I will not punish you for foolishly taking a female – a mate, no less – into the dungeons where anything could have happened to her. I will leave that for Rhys to do when he wakes up.”
Jaron paled slightly but nodded before making a quick exit.
Brenna’s shoulders slumped forward. “And I in trouble?”
“For conspiring with the female vampire…that is yet to be seen.”
She swallowed hard and refused to meet his eyes. He could not possibly know! Could he? The question must have shone in her damp eyes because he smirked and tapped his ear quickly. 
“Keen hearing. I take it this has to do with her desire to flee her mate?”
Again, she hesitated. Graeme considered her the way he might have considered a naughty child. “Do I need to explain the way of mates to you?” She looked away. “What would Rhys do if you went missing? Again?”
“It was her condition to help him…” she whispered.
His sigh was heavy. “Then you must honour your word – as she honoured hers.”

Chapter Seventeen
It took five days for Rhys to heal to the point of being strong enough to move. It was five days of pure hell. His mate left his side many times during the daylight hours he was bound to the bed when weakness claimed him. There were visitors of course. Graeme kept him up to speed with the developments of land titles being passed to Bjorn as territory was expanded since Thorn’s defeat. Rhys wanted Thorn’s head on a stake. Graeme would have granted his request but for the fact that Brenna had already gotten his word that no more blood would be spilt. Thorn and his men were currently imprisoned. For her, that was enough. For Rhys, it was a damn joke.
Jaron was a usual visitor, daily bringing news and gossip from the men who could not wait to see him in the hall and training amongst them once again. He was the first to inform Rhys of the events that led up to Salome forcing her blood down his throat in an attempt to save his life. At first, he was livid. The mere fact that Brenna had visited the vampire was enough to make him see red. To make matters worse they had lied to Marrok to get him away from his mate.
He could not breathe for a long time after Jaron’s tale. If Marrok had attacked her for allowing Salome to save him, he would have killed his kind. But Rhys would have also understood, for the sharing of blood was as symbolic to a vampire as a mating bite to a Were. In agreeing to help him the female had shared a part of herself meant only for Marrok. The idea of Brenna giving to another male what only he should possess shackled him in throes of jealousy and rage. It was no wonder Marrok had not come to see him. The man was struggling as well.
Slowly, he reached for Brenna through their bond. She was present. He felt her happiness that he was alive and this entire nightmare would be behind them soon. But something else bothered her, something that had everything to do with Salome. Especially now that Graeme had already made up his mind they would be leaving this frozen land behind. He was eager to get back to his mate and child.
He pursed his lips and tugged at her gently. All thoughts of Salome and her worry over the arduous journey he would have to endure so soon after being bedridden evaporated as she embraced him with her warmth. He needed her here, beside him. Her reassuring response was enough to comfort him until she opened the door and ventured, a smile on her lips.
“Are you okay?’
He nodded and offered his hand. When she brunched up her skirts to sit next to him, he pulled her in for a kiss that left her breathless. Rhys felt her agitation long before he broke the kiss. He knew what she needed to quell the restlessness growing deep within her stomach. He knew because he needed it too.
With strength now at full capacity, he lifted her upon his lap watched with tender admiration as her cheeks flushed. Slowly, silently, he pulled at the neck of her dress. The tops of her breasts were flushed as her heartbeat intensified. Carefully, taking his time, he tugged until her nipples were exposed. Pebbled beads greeted him. One after the other he thoroughly abused them with a greedy tongue. 
“A-are you rested enough for this?”
He chuckled and began pulling at the clothes she wore. “If I do not feel inside of you soon I will go mad.”
She helped him undress her, and remained straddled when he leaned back far enough for his lust-filled gaze to roam her body. He marvelled at her, stroked her soft flesh until she squirmed in discomfort. The core of her concealed by honey-coloured curls shone in desire and expectation. He slipped his finger through the curls there and hissed through his teeth at the first sign of her head and moisture. Brenna gasped, which only encouraged him to spread the wet heat of her core until he found the tiny bundle of nerves there. Gently he stroked her, watching in delight as her eyes rolled back in un-denied pleasure. 
“You are so beautiful,” he praised as she bucked her hip forward and whimpered, her body quivering as the intensity of his strokes started to quicken in pace and pressure. Rhys fumbled with the ties of his breeches, gauging her reactions. From the moment those successive explosive quakes started to seize her he brought her down on his erect shaft, his hand never stopping even as she gave way to instinct and rode him steadily. Rhys dared not move, not when she shattered and squealed her delight and not when she refused to stop moving. He captured her lips and did not stop strumming, his fingers deft and strong when the pleasure started to build again.
“Rhys!”
He snarled, feeling the heat of mating in his blood. There was desperation on her face, and he lifted her off to tumble her beneath him. The sweet musk of her scent wafted between them, thick and intoxicating. Rhys wasted no time in flipping her over. The impression of his fingers that sank into the flesh of her hips as he jerked her rump skyward gave him satisfaction. Her form was beautiful, all curves and lush softness. He reached around her and stroked her core, finding the entrance to her body with one swift stroke that left him lightheaded and near breathless. She stretched to accommodate him with slight resistance. Rhys heard her scream her release in the thick furs. Her muscles clenched upon him as he started to slake his lust. 
When she was limp, he did so brutally, not withholding the snarls or growls that tore from his chest. He rammed into her mercilessly, each time his member touched the mouth of her womb a testament that she belonged to him. Too much had happened since the time he met her. Too many people had tried to keep her away from him. Hell, he had almost died. He had almost lost her. New determination sparked more fuel to his desire, and by the time he wrapped his powerful fingers through her tangled hair and drilled home, she was whimpering and mindless.
“Brenna,” he choked hoarsely, feeling his balls tighten impossibly hard as heat and ecstasy shattered him. He pumped into her, relishing the connection as he reached out to her. The closeness was unparalleled. She had enjoyed herself, found that she loved when he became dominant. He chuckled and nipped her back, trailing soft kisses along the sides of her body and hips, then nipped her heart-shaped behind before inserting a finger within her hot slick channel as soon as he pulled away. He watched in fascination the remnants of his seed between her legs and flipped her over. She considered him tenderly, her body exposed and glowing.
“Are you okay?” she asked, stroking his chest and the scars that looked hideous on his shoulder. 
“Does it ruin my handsome looks?”
She snorted and pushed him onto his back. He allowed her to kiss the wound and fuss over him, stroking her body with adoration even as she licked and nipped at his.
“Thank you for saving me,” he expressed finally, unable to get passed the choked emotions in his throat. 
Brenna held her breath and caught his eyes, humbled to see the love that swirled there. “I did not save you. You saved me.”
He looked away, and she did not have to touch him through their bond to know that he blamed himself for many things. She cupped his face, revelling in the weeks’ growth of beard that was now thick and coarse and scratched her flesh where he kissed her.
“If I had to go through this all over again I would.”
He pressed a finger to her lips with a scowl. “Don’t say that!”
Her mouth captured his finger and sucked there gently. Rhys held his breath, unable to take his eyes away from her swollen lips. “I love you, Rhys. More than my own life. There is nothing I would not risk for your life.”
“That is the way I feel as well,” he croaked, lost for words as she wiggled down his body, trailing her tongue in every crevice of his chest abdomen…and trailed lower still.
Stunned, he forced himself to his elbows and watched in astonished anticipation as she took the head of his now twitching member and allowed her tongue to trail from head to root. Raw lust covered his brain like a thick cloud, and for the next few minutes, he felt nothing but the hot suction of her mouth as she brought him to pleasure. There was no stopping his hips from pumping into her mouth. He moved the tumble of hair from her face and held it atop her head, stroked her face as words of illicit encouragement found their way to his lips. He felt the need to release and would have pulled away had she not gipped onto his arms in denial.
“Brenna!”
Her nails sank into him as he squirted into the back of her throat, unable to catch his breath even as she swallowed and milked him dry. Weak in the knees, even as her tongue continued its assault on his member, he jerked at the sensitivity of his nerves and shuddered in awe.
When she met his eyes, it was to give him a cheeky grin. “Have I tired you out?”
“Witch!” he growled.
She laughed, the sound sweet and full of warmth. Rhys pulled her body close to his, kissing her with depth and passion, savouring his salty taste on her tongue even as she settled herself upon his chest. She reached for him, slipping her fingers through his. This was where she belonged. He had said as much to her before, but she did not fully understand what he meant until this moment when all that mattered was finding rest in his arms.
“Do not ever leave me,” she whispered. His arms tightened around her. She allowed his weight to cover her body. When his fingers found her core, she opened her legs further and met his fierce eyes. The look of utter possession there took her breath away.
“How many times do I have to tell you, Brenna,” he said, lowering his head even as the Were he was flashed before her eyes. Those teeth that were meant to maim and kill grazed to her shoulder. But Brenna held no fear for what was to come. She welcomed it, welcomed the pain and pleasure that threatened to overwhelm and push her into a state of bliss as he rebranded her with his claim once again. With blood still on his lips and the flare of a man with everything he wanted within his arms, Rhys licked her lips lightly, the growl still in his voice. “You belong to me. And I never leave what is mine.”
***
Graeme knew the vampire sensed his presence although he had yet to acknowledge him. Sutter looked nothing like the mercenary he had hired those two ago to rescue his mate from the hands of the Coven who whipped her to the point of death. His eyes were vacant somehow as if nothing lived on the inside where he was supposed to be. In the eight days of his captivity, Graeme had visited each day. His questions were met with nothing but mindless chatter and growls, more animalistic than those of a Were. He had considered putting him down. It would have been the merciful thing to do, given his state of starvation and the insanity that dogged his every thought. But this was the vampire who risked his life to save his mates’ when he was helpless. He could not find it within himself to take his life, even if it was in the name of mercy.
Now, he watched as Sutter stooped in the corner of the cell, rubbing a hand over his head that held many scabs, muttering to himself in a sing-song manner that disturbed him to no small degree.
“Sutter?”
The chattering stopped. Slowly, he caught his eye over a stooped shoulder. Those eyes flashed in recognition before he turned away again. Graeme sighed heavily. The goblet he produced chimed when the blade of his knife made contact. He winced as the rich spice of his blood filled the stagnant air.
Sutter was at the bars in a flash, the superhuman speed of his movement stunning him.
“Did you come to torture me with blood you will not give?” he snarled, mocking and lethal, even as his red-rimmed orbs fell to the stream of liquid that flowed from Graeme’s wound into the cup. Graeme said nothing but waited with the patience of a saint as the cup was filled. By the time he offered the fare to Sutter, his wound was already closing. The cup was snatched out of his hand. Sutter drank greedily, almost choking on the fare as his face reflected the pleasure of a much-needed meal. When it was all gone he licked the rim of the cup before turning to Graeme.
“You think this is the fulfilment of the favour owed?” he asked. There was genuine curiosity in his voice.
“You did not recognize me yesterday, or the day before that. Or any other time I came in to talk to you. How is it that you recognize me today? Or even recall a bargain that was made years ago?”
Sutter’s smile was sly. “How can I forget a bargain I made with the mighty leader of the Northern Horde?”
Graeme’s eyes lowered dangerously. “How did you get here?”
Sutter’s eyes took on a faraway look. Graeme growled impatiently. “Get yourself together vampire.”
Those eyes cleared and turned to him again. “What does it matter, oh great leader? Our paths have crossed once again. And I save those in your care once again.”
Graeme’s face remained impassive.
“Do you plan to kill me now that you have me at your mercy?” There was a mocking note to his tone he had come to associate with Sutter. Even in the throes of madness, the vampire sought to be disrespectful.
“Amarinda will never forgive me if I do that.”
Sutter’s expression softened for an instant before he shuttered it, once again replaced by pained boredom. “Then why am I locked away?”
“You almost killed Rhys.”
He paused as if searching his mind, before grinning, all teeth. “Yes. The female has followed my instruction and he lives.”
“You seem sure of yourself.”
“She has not returned to try and take my head in the face of failure, so I assume he survived.”
Graeme sighed heavily. “We are leaving today. We travel west, then head back to Scotland.”
“And?”
“And I can offer my protection until you are healed from whatever ails you.”
For a moment Sutter considered him, stunned. Truth be told, Graeme shocked himself with the offer. He had come down here with the intent on ending his suffering – not offering him protection. 
“I do not need your protection,” he snapped, even as he backed further into the cell. “You are a soft-hearted fool. It is a wonder you are still alive to lead the pack of dogs you have with you.”
An angry grumble reverberated in his chest, but the vampire simply cackled laughter. “Have you thought about how you would keep me safe from the horde outside? I smell them – dozens of them. They hover in this place like flies on a slab of rotting meat.”
Graeme inhaled patiently through his teeth. “My men will do as they are told.”
Again Sutter cackled, this time cocking his head to consider him. “Your men will doubt your strength in saving the vampire who almost killed your general. I will be killed, and so will you. What will happen to my niece and the child you risked your entire horde to save?”
Graeme turned away. Of course, he had thought of this. He knew the risks to those involved.
“I wanted to give you the choice of coming with us.”
Sutter tisked. “In that case, no.”
Graeme nodded and took the circle of keys from the peg across the room. Sutter watched him in disbelief as he opened the locks – and stepped aside.
“What are you doing?” he croaked, his face twisted in an angry snarl.
“Setting you free.”
“Why?”
Graeme stiffened his spine and decided to tell the truth. “Because to lead is much more than cold-hearted brutality and iron-fisted decisions. It is also about mercy. And forgiveness. Also, you are right. I will not risk the life of my family if the horde doubts me. I can, however, ensure that you have a chance of survival.”
Sutter stepped forward and looked around, searching for something as if he expected an unsuspecting threat to come upon him at any moment. He pushed the gate open and watched stupidly as the bars creaked away. Graeme had distanced himself as well. He might have wanted to help Sutter, but he was not stupid either.
Sutter smirked and gripped the bars before slamming it shut, securing himself within with a smirk. “When you leave this place. Letting me loose now would be like a hungry beast hunting prey. And with all these Weres…it’s easy pickings.”
Graeme’s nostrils flared but he offered a single nod of acceptance and made for the stairs, leaving Sutter who once again started muttering to himself soft musings.
 
The End

Take a sneak peek into the story of Marrok and Salome below!

 The Fated.
Chapter One
Fear.
Rage.
Desperation.
There was not a time in his life when Marrok did not know the full meaning of each. He had lived with fear from the time he understood he was born into slavery and his masters owned the very breath he took into his lungs, a revelation he was forced to accept when he saw the brutality of his father’s death fighting in a Pit much like the one he was currently standing in. At first, he was angry and had harboured the rage of losing his only family to the games that lined the pockets of men more beast than himself. He was trained on rage, nurtured on rage, became one of the best fighters on rage, but not so much that he did not understand that his ticket to freedom lay in being undefeated in the battles he won for his master – and undefeated he became. Each scar on his body was another lesson learned, victories he accomplished, experiences that taught him what was necessary to continue rising to the top – and staying there.
Marrok considered the blood-stained sand, the torches that burned in the dome and the group of spectators that sat above, drinking from silver goblets and adorned in ridiculous garb. He knew his new master from seeing him on occasion. He was cold, disinterested, his concern only in making coin and trading lives that belonged to him. The trio accompanying him considered Marrok with interest, especially the female who frowned as their eyes met. When she looked away, Marrok shrugged. He felt no offence when she pointedly ignored him even though his chest puffed out a little more and he stood a little straighter on instinct. Sniffing, he turned away. He had not seen a female in a long time, and this place where he would fight and be sold teemed with only men who know nothing but blood and war.
The creaking of heavy hinges drew his attention to the opposite side of the dome where a heavy iron gate was being lifted. There, a Were stepped forward. They considered each other for a moment, each one determined to come out of the pending fight with their lives intact. Marrok assessed his opponent and took to one knee. His fingers sank into the dirt. He coated his hands and smeared the rest on his chest. He had taken so many lives he had lost count. Kills haunted him in the beginning. Faces of Were and vampires would cause him many sleepless nights until he believed his soul was lost because of the blood that stained his conscience. But that was when he was a boy. Now, faces merged one into the other. He recalled no one. After tonight, his brave opponent would also become just a faceless, defeated foe. A command to commence the fight echoed throughout the Pit. Marrok focused upon the Were before him. A tall man with a strong build and assessing sharp eyes. He wore the discoloured bruises of battle a week old but moved flawlessly without limp or hesitation. Still, there was no arrogance in his eyes – just the understanding and knowledge that he was outmatched in size and, if Marrok’s reputation preceded him as it usually did, skill. Marrok grumbled deep in his chest, hating the determination on the man’s face. That determination to come out of this alive would get one of them killed – and he would not die this night.
It was once displeasure to battle his own. Now that he was an expert, it was like breathing. Killing became easier the longer you did it. In his life, it was a necessary evil. The first blow he dealt came hard and fast, followed by an unrelenting rain that was sure to bring his quarry to his knees in surrender before long. He was not surprised when the bleeding man rose from where he had fallen and attacked. What shocked him was the skill with which he fought. What he did not have in strength he more than made up for in skill and determination. Those two elements combined made for nasty combat – the result of which left Marrok favouring one side of his chest for the moments it took his body to heal and his opponent who had won his respect by now, gasping for breath on the other side of the Pit where he had been thrown.
He wiped sweat and blood from his eyes and took a moment to catch his breath, inhaling deeply through his mouth in a failed attempt to keep the beast at bay. The growls raging from inside came from the frustration of being forced to fight, for not killing the Were who so foolishly thought he had a chance of defeating him and from the pain of his wounded arm. In this state, he was unpredictable – savage even. His keepers knew it. His master knew it. Hell, he sometimes even revelled it the stench of their fear. 
He took a deep breath then, fighting to keep what little control he had left when the faintest, sweetest scent of something warm and alluring caught his senses. The rage he harboured, tried to tame and failed over the years suddenly stilled within the pit of his stomach.
And all the grunts and vicious growls of anger faded.
Stunned, he stood and sniffed again. 
There was nothing masculine in that smell. Nothing threatening. Just…
He turned toward the formal group above and considered them there before easing forward. Instincts ruled him then. Nothing was as important as finding the source of that intriguing smell. It came from the group. He was swift in setting aside those he was well familiar with. The guards, the master, his brother, even the yellow-haired witch who he had seen only from afar on occasion. He dislodged the scent and a mewling noise he never heard before echoed deep within his chest. It might have disturbed him any other time, but not when his next impulse was to reach the female. The need became urgent – so much so that he dared the impossible and without thinking through the consequences, launched himself along the wall until his heaving frame landed mere feet from where she once stood.
He felt his knees momentary weaken with his strong landing. To be sure the feat was not a small one. Under ordinary circumstances, Marrok would never have risked arrows through his chest, for those were indeed the commands being shouted by his master. His eyes levelled on the seer who considered him in frightened shock from her position sprawled on the floor behind a Were who snarled to get his attention. He considered him well and dared to step forward once more to gently sniff again. The seer reeked of the Were before him. 
That sweet smell, however, was coming from the beauty whose shocked expression took the breath out of him.
Mate.
After so very long, in this impossible place, he had finally found his mate.
“Take him down!” his master was shouting, gesturing wildly to the guards who were overhead.
“No!” the sandy-haired witch screamed. “Don’t hurt Rhys!”
Marrok sniffed again, stepping forward, his eyes briefly glancing at the woman on the floor as his brain made the connection that she was this Rhys’ mate.
The very Rhys who put himself between him and the one thing he needed to get to.
“Eyes on me pup!”
All the rage that had been caged seconds earlier came crashing in with the force of a sledgehammer. To have found his mate here under these conditions was stressful enough. Who knew how long she had to watch him fight for his life in the Pit? She would know him to be a mere slave. It was damaging to his pride that he could not even free himself. How could he protect her in chains, bartered like livestock? And now to be spoken to in front of her by this – this little Were who looked young enough to be his offspring?
Bones were dislocated and reshaped as he shifted, something that was forbidden and most definitely punishable by brutal whipping. There was no reasoning left within Marrok. Just the need to get rid of Rhys, to kill him where he stood for getting in between him and his mate. He did not think when he rushed headlong into the attack – and paid dearly for underestimating his opponent. In five seconds flat he found himself with a dislocated knee, struggling to breathe with his face to the floor. Adrenaline – and pride – were fierce motivators when he stood. He could not look weak in front of her. Rhys was swift and unforgiving when he connected the final blow to his jawline. For a moment he blacked out. The wind was knocked out of him a second time when his back connected with the Pit below. He wheezed out a breath, hearing but not registering what was being shouted above. His eyes were focused on the fierce look his beautiful mate gave him. No doubt she was angered. Her eyes were wide and dazed even from this distance. He inhaled again for good measure, and he noted the rush of blood to her face and the way her lips pinched in distaste when she realized he had caught – and memorized – her scent.
The keepers came with shackles and whips. The fierce growl that echoed softly as his hackles raised kept them from lending any encouragement to stand. He did so proudly and turned away. It would be a cold day in hell before he allowed her to think him a weak Were.
Or an unsuitable mate.
***
Salome could not breathe.
Not to think. Not to respond to the concerned frown with which Radomir gave her when he ordered her to take cover and she found her feet too frozen in shock to move. Her brain could not get around the fact that the monolith bastard who she had watched with abhorrent fascination during the battle below had actually done the impossible and leapt the thirty feet or so to their balcony. She could not understand why on earth he would attempt suicide after being successfully sold to one of the more powerful clans in Eastern Europe. And she most definitely refused to believe that the stench coming off of him impacted her senses like a fist to her stomach so much so that she had to breathe through her teeth to filter the musk of – of –
Her eyes popped open and flared.
Never!
She would never consent to that monstrosity being her mate! Forget the fact that he must have been as tall as a giant. Forget the fact that he was as big as her damn horse! He was a Were!
She swallowed the panic threatening to grip the courage she diligently clung to for the last thirty-odd years of her life and quickly bottled her emotions away. She did not just come face to face with her mate at this forsaken citadel in this barren wasteland and he was not a beast!
As she did with everything else that did not fit into her life, she bottled it away and tossed the information aside quickly to deal with the issue at hand. 
“…solution for this. Rhys will battle one of your guards. If he wins he stays. If he is bested, he’s yours.”
Salome considered the angry twist of the Were’s lips and channelled her anger on a new source. He had threatened her not too long ago. This would help clear her head and make him feel the bite of her sword for his lack of respect.
“He’s no match for a Hunter.”
No, he was not. She stepped forward boldly – until Radomir blocked her path and stopped her with an icy glower. Steam might have hissed from her ears had she been listening close enough, but she was to respect the rank of the crest on his sleeve, and though he never ill-treated her, she knew he did not take well to the fact that a female joined his ranks on this trip. In his eyes, it meant she was just as much a warrior as he.
Salome didn’t react when he was killed minutes later, although it put Aron on edge. She didn’t care that the unmannerly Were who killed him ended up in the Pit or that their hosts sought to barter over his life and freedom. All she wanted to do was get the hell out of there and not extend their stay longer than necessary.
“I am now without proper escorts to return home,” Aron pouted. Salome swore he did it even better than she did in her earlier years.
“Don’t fret Aron. We will provide the necessary security for your departure.”
Knot stepped forward and cleared his throat. “Was the death of the Hunter necessary? After all, he was a guest. Proving a point is one thing – murder is something quite different. He is disrespectful and insubordinate to everyone but Brenna.”
“He belongs to me!” the Seer said, her voice level. “That was the bargain for the sight you desire.” Salome considered her closely. Her loyalty to the Were was ridiculous! 
“He can live and fight,” Knot countered. “You have seen him, brother. He took down the Hunter as if he has been doing it from the time his mother whelped him. We can use him to train others.”
“Maybe you should take heed of what Knot is suggesting,” Aron said before gesturing her forward. She advanced and glanced down to where he paced at the bottom of the Pit, looking very much like a wild, caged, feral brute. Not unlike the monolith.
“We should trade him for the last fighter,” she braved, hoping beyond hope someone would at least see the brilliance of her idea.
Thorne shook his head firmly. “All sales are final.”
The soft threads of panic she thought was all under control slowly started to fray.
“Rhys will not be bartered. His life belongs to me!” the Seer complained stubbornly.
“Your life belongs to me,” Thorne snapped, “so by extension all you have is mine.”
When he cleared his throat Salome thought there was something very wrong with the woman who stood a head shorter than she. “Rhys will be put in with the other skin-walkers to train them as preparation for the fights in the months ahead.”
The Seer stepped forward but Knot’s fingers bit into her arm. Salome watched them closely, then glanced again at the Were who seemed barely able to control his skin.
“You cannot do this!”
“Do not test the limits of my patience. You should be relieved he is only training the men and not fighting himself.”
Salome caught the scent of the fear she tried desperately to contain the instant Aron’s nostrils flared in appreciation. She didn’t miss the sudden thumping of footsteps or the bellow of rage that reverberated through the dome when the Were launched himself in an attempt to accomplish what the monolith had – and failed. He scrambled gracelessly. Salome leaned over the edge of the balcony in an attempt to see if he could make it.
“Enough!” Thorne shouted, leaning over next to her. She vaguely heard the Seer whimper behind. “Stand down skin-walker. Your new responsibilities will last only until the time Brenna gives me the sight I seek.”
There was a snarl of rage as he slipped and fell. When he finally regained his footing Salome took a hesitant step back. “If your swine of a brother lays one hand on her-”
“Knot understands the consequences of keeping his member to himself,” Thorne stated calmly, then nodded toward the guards. “Take him to the cells. Let him acquaint himself with the fighters there.”
Salome frowned and considered the pissed off Were thirty feet below, then the woman who reeked of terror as she was all but dragged out of the room by Knot. 
And almost jumped clear out of her skin then Aron’s long fingers gently caressed the back of her neck deceptively. She reigned it in and met his cunning gaze, her face wiped off all emotions.
“This evening has been quite telling Salome. Come. There is much to discuss.”
When she followed him out the door, she was glad his back was turned or else he would have read the terror banked in her eyes.
****
Look out for The Fated, coming soon!
