 
HAVE YOU READ THE FIRST BOOK?


























THE TRAITORESS – HER FRENCH COUSIN
IS THE SEQUEL TO THE FIRST BOOK AND WHILST
IT COULD BE READ IN ISOLATION KNOWLEDGE OF THE FIRST BOOK WOULD MAKE IT MUCH MORE ENJOYABLE







THE TRAITORESS – HER FRENCH COUSIN

A 17th century love affair born out of the death of an enemy cousin.
By
Graham Anthony Owen

V2 Published in 2019 by the author


The right of Graham Anthony Owen to be identified as
the author of this work has been asserted by him in
accordance with the
Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, 1988.


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be
reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical,
photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior
permission of the copyright holder.


Copyright © 2017 Graham Anthony Owen
All rights reserved.

ISBN – 13 : 978-1517091095
ISBN – 10 : 1517091098


Other work by this author -
'The Traitoress'











TO CATH



AND MY THANKS TO ALL THOSE WHO
HELPED WITH RESEARCH AND THOSE
WHO READ IT AND GAVE FEEDBACK.  A SPECIAL THANKS TO LIONEL HIERSO, STEWART GILL OWEN AND CHRIS McCOONEY AUTHOR OF 'SMUGGLING' AND MANY OTHER FINE BOOKS























THE HANOVER FAMILY TREE











THE SUTTON FAMILY TREE










THE STORY SO FAR
1641 – 1645
“THE TRAITORESS” 

                                                                       

In December 1641 Rachel Hanover and her sister Maria witnessed the execution of their father on a charge of High Treason. The day before Rachel had argued with her French cousin Christina Norfolk who had also come to London to offer her support. During their argument we hear about a fight which took place years before in France when Rachel was living with Christina and Rachel encouraged Christina's husband Sir Henry to bed her and so destroy Christina's marriage.

Following the execution in London of her father Rachel swore to gain revenge on King Charles and her protestations were overheard by Captain Carlisle who decided to offer her his help in her quest and he offered it in the event of civil war breaking out in England which it did the following year.
  
Following her affair with Christina's husband Sir Henry which left Rachel and Christina hating each other, Rachel gave birth to Rebecca and Henry made his way back to his estate in Yorkshire where he took Eleanor York as his mistress.

Carlisle persuaded Rachel to kill a Royalist officer in Oxford which became her home after the execution of her father. Rachel had not wanted to know the identity of her victim and that would prove a disaster for her in later years since he was the father of James Sutton with whom she would strike up a relationship in an effort to gain his Royalist secrets and pass them on to Carlisle who would pass them on to Parliament and so satisfy Rachel's thirst for revenge. Carlisle was a Parliamentarian spy who was able to masquerade as a Royalist.

Carlisle had another secret – he was having an affair with the half-sister of Sarah Richmond who lived some distance from Oxford on the London road. Sarah should have been wed to James Sutton but with James' family supporting the king and her own family supporting Parliament the marriage did not take place and Sarah was moved to London for the sake of safety. 

Once free of Sarah James struck up a relationship with Rachel which grew each and every time he called at her house in Oxford. Sarah made a foolhardy journey to Oxfordshire when she had news of James and Rachel but she was thwarted in her attempt to reach him and whist living at James' house, she learnt that her father had been killed in battle. With Sarah no longer in London the relationship between James and Rachel began to worsen and so Rachel devised a plan to send Sarah back to London. Rachel had Sarah's father's will altered which resulted in Sarah having to return to London - and this ploy worked until Sarah's new husband was killed. 

Evidence was found in London by Sarah that implicated Rachel in the murder of James' father and a little before the battle of Naseby in June 1645 the evidence and a witness are brought before Rachel and she is arrested. Rachel is tried and found guilty of High Treason and sentenced to death. In the final minutes before her execution it is discovered that Rachel is the half-sister of Sarah. A few minutes are granted to the two women so that they can say farewell to each other as sisters rather than as enemies.


Rachel Hanover died on an execution scaffold in Oxford in June 1645 after discovering during her last few minutes of life that she is the sister of her enemy Sarah Richmond - the woman who had spoken out against her and provided the evidence which condemned her to death.. 

Sarah had been the intended wife of James Sutton whom Rachel had used for her own gains and whom she had fallen in love with – and he with her.


Rachel had three cousins one of whom was Christina Norfolk  who was an old enemy of Rachel's. Despite the animosity that surrounded their relationship Christina took it upon herself to leave her home in France and travel to England in the fading hope that she could reach Rachel before her death.



















1. HOMEWARD BOUND
14th MAY 1645 – THE ENGLISH CHANNEL

Climbing down the wet almost vertical side of a grounded French galleon and into a rowing boat in a storm, in darkness in the mouth of the Thames estuary was not how Lady Christina Norfolk had expected the night of the fourteenth of May 1645 to end. Reflecting on the adventure months later she would admit to herself that it was as nothing when compared to the chaotic, dangerous and exciting events which would happen to her during the rest of that year and into 1646 and beyond. 

Hours earlier Christina had stood on the deck of her ship 'Le Marseilles' as the rain and sea spray washed over her and the storm which had started almost as soon as they left Calais grew in intensity. Somewhere over the wild seas and under the dark grey skies of the English channel was the windswept marshes of eastern England.
		'Lady Christina,' Captain Le Fere called out through a cupped hand above the howling gale. 'Voulez vous venir vous abriter dans ma cabine pour être au sec' 'won't you take shelter in my cabin where it's dry?'.
		Christina felt his hand against her red hair.
		'Non,' she replied. 'J'ai moins le mal de mer sur le pont. S'il vous pliât laissez moi' 'I feel less sea sick when I am on deck. Please let me be.' 'And could we speak in English please? My French is not as good as your English which I know you speak well enough.'
		'My English mother might be responsible for that,' he grinned. 'We may not get into London tonight.' Again he had to cup his hands to her ears. 'You may be wise to take shelter until such times as we can make way up the estuary. I have some excellent wine in my cabin and good company is rare these days. Will you join me?'
		‘Standing out here, even with this coating of salt from the sea spay, has the advantage of keeping my sea sickness at bay,’ she reflected on his invitation, ‘but yes I will accept your kind offer.’
		Christina gave in to his shouting and the appalling weather and staggered and swayed towards his cabin at the stern of the ship. A moment later she had closed the cabin door and accepted the seat which he offered her as she slipped her cape from her shoulders.
		The handsome bearded young Captain poured out two cups of wine as he set his eyes on her striking features.

Christina had long dark red hair which hung in natural tight curls and fitted entirely with the French fashion. She had a not unattractive nose which was slightly hooked. Her mouth was large and her lips ended where the corners of her mouth formed dimples. Although the Captain would not have asked her age she would readily have offered him the truth which was that she was twenty seven. What was not hidden was the fact that half of the little finger on her right hand was missing after an accident with a knife some years ago involving her cousin Rachel. Christina tended to wear long sleeves to cover up this deformity. After the separation with her husband she had taken a number of lovers but none of the relationships had lasted and she had soon become bored with them all.

		'I have asked my crew to anchor in the Thames estuary for the night as soon as they see land, it is far safer than trying to make for London in such conditions.' He  watched her lips touch the wine. 'So what calls you to London so urgently? You have paid me quite handsomely so I assume that your mission must be vital?'
		'Not vital, no.' She drank almost half of her wine without pausing. 'It was vital but I rather imagine that I am now too late.'
		'For what?' he tried to match her drinking as he watched her green eyes.
		'To see my cousin Rachel.'
		'In London?' he assumed the obvious.
		'No, in Oxford.'
		'She will surely wait for you?' His attention was drawn to the way her hair cascaded over her naked brown shoulders.
		'She is not in a position to wait for me at all.' Christina swallowed. 'She is in prison on a charge of High Treason. In fact she may already have been executed because her trial was some days ago. All that I do know has been passed on to me by my cousin Maria in London and a lawyer called Cowpepper in Oxford and communications between France and England are not good. It was fortunate that Maria and this man Cowpepper sent their letters direct to me by trusted riders and that you and your ship were available when I most needed them.' Captain Le Fere had no response to her explanation. 'To tell you the truth Captain I am not sure why I'm going to the trouble of seeing my cousin Rachel at all because we were what you might call enemies when last we were together many years ago.'
		'Why?' he poured more wine into their cups.
		'She stayed with me in France, Orleans, when she was just eighteen and she tried to steal my husband so we fought.' She held up her right hand to reveal only part of her little finger. 'I was never very good with a knife as you can see and I left my mark on her breast which I thought was rather appropriate.' She smiled. 'The knife was sharp.' She finished almost triumphantly.
		Whilst he tried to imagine what kind of a woman would, at just eighteen years of age, try to pick a fight with Christina in her own house, the Captain's attention was drawn to a commotion on the deck above, nevertheless he continued to listen to Christina.
		'Not that my husband needed much persuasion,' she looked at the wooden boards under her feet. 'Our relationship was, how can I say? Strained, so maybe I should thank her for separating us. He now lives with his Mistress Eleanor in the North of England, Yorkshire I think, whilst I remain in France.'
		'And you are not happy with your situation?' asked the Captain with his mind clearly on the commotion outside.
		'Not really,' she half-smiled. 'But there is little I can do about it.' She set her eyes on his. 'I am not sure why I tell you this, perhaps because you are a good listener or indeed because you are a stranger. Nevertheless it makes me feel good to talk of it.'
		'I am a good listener.' He rubbed his chin. 'This civil war of yours,' he changed the topic of conversation, 'which side do you support?'
		'I do not support either side. Having lived in France for so long it is not my civil war, but if I had to declare my allegiances I suppose I would stand behind Parliament.'
		'Why?'
		'Because my estranged husband supports Parliament and despite our differences which are many I could not be seen to support his enemy.'
		'Well that is one way of deciding where your allegiances lie I suppose.'
		'And King Charles and his supporters are responsible for the death of my uncle some years ago.'
		'I see.' He rubbed his chin in a thoughtful manner. 'So when all is against you, the death of your Uncle, the strained relationship that you have with your husband, and the imprisonment - perhaps death, of your cousin in Oxford, why have you made this difficult journey?'
		'I can do nothing about the execution of my Uncle, it was after all perfectly legal or so I am told. I can do nothing about my husband except perhaps tell his lover Eleanor what I think of the two of them. And I can do nothing about my cousin Rachel's situation which may by now include her death by execution.'
		'And so I repeat my question – why are you here at all?'
		'For the sake of our family. Rachel was a Hanover daughter the same as I so I will seek to gain some vengeance against those who gave evidence against her.' 
		 'Yes,' Le Fere rubbed his chin as his senses detected that all was not well with his ship. 'I can see why your loyalties lie as they do, and I can see now why you are seeking revenge, nevertheless your cousin Rachel's credentials do not appear to lend themselves to you putting your life in danger just to gain revenge for her death.' Once again his mind was on the noise coming from the decks.
		'Perhaps, 'Christina suddenly found the strength to admit something that had been troubling her for some time. 'It is because Rachel and I are so alike, or we were - so resolute in our determination to achieve the impossible.'
		There was a loud grinding noise from somewhere below their feet and the ship came to a standstill so suddenly that Christina found herself on the floor with red wine all over her right hand. A moment later Captain Le Fere was helping her to her feet and a lace handkerchief was offered to her for the wine stain.
		'We are in trouble.' Captain Le Fere said rather calmly as he heard something in French from the other side of his cabin door. 'I beg my leave of you.' He helped her back into her chair.

Christina watched him go before she drank from her wine cup again – for some reason she didn't worry about what was going on because despite the fact that she had heard a grinding sound from somewhere below her in the bowls of the ship the shouting and calling outside had lost some of it's urgency over whatever the situation might be. The shuddering of the vessel which had accompanied the grinding noise had also ceased.

Captain Le Fere came back into the cabin and looked at her.
		'We are aground. No damage is done as we appear to be stuck on sand only.'
		'Is that good?' She asked a genuine question.
		'Not good.' He smiled. 'We will not sink if that is what you mean, and no doubt we will be afloat again on the next high tide.'
		'So I will be safe in my bunk tonight?' Christina looked into his handsome face and blushed at what she had just said.
		'You are safe in my hands and would be safe in your bunk.' He satisfied her curiosity. 'Nevertheless our situation might deteriorate before it improves so I will make arrangements to put you ashore. There is an inn that I know quite well on the shore near here – The 'Outlook'. You will be safe there.' He did not elaborate on why he knew the inn.
		'Alone?' Christina was rather alarmed.
		'No.' He shook his head. 'I will come with you for your protection. Although the inn is well known to me I would not leave you alone in such a place.'
		'You make this inn sound so nice!' She teased him.
		'It will be safer than here.'
		'Thank you.' She turned her teasing into a rather seductive smile which she had always been able to do to her men. 'Rest assured you will be paid well for your services.'
		'You have already paid me for the journey. I will take no more from you and your company tonight will be payment enough.'
		Christina smiled.

Some minutes later their rowing boat headed slowly towards a light on the land in the distance which the Captain claimed was the inn which he had already spoken of - it would serve Christina and him well for the night until Le Marseilles could be re-floated on the next high tide due at four in the morning. As rain began to fall, and Christina's sea-sickness returned, Le Fere was a little unhappy that he could see lights other than those from the inn.
		Before the boat had reached the shingle on the shore Captain Le Fere saw and recognised something which Christina hadn't seen.
		'Get down!' He shouted an order to her. 'Lie as flat as you can.' And with that he abandoned the oars and took the tiller to steer the boat to a nearby jetty.
		'Is something not as it should be?' Christina looked towards the shoreline.
		'Smugglers.' Le Fere whispered to her, but again it was almost a shout. The prow of the boat brushed against the old jetty and Le Fere expertly tied it up. 'I know these waters and the only people who are likely to be out in such conditions are smugglers.' He swiftly pushed her down into the bottom of the boat, lay on top of her and placed his right hand under the back of her head. 'Forgive me my Lady.' he excused himself.
		'You are very heavy.' Christina gasped.
		'Better to be heavy and keep you hidden than let you remain upright as a target for these people which you seemed quite prepared to do.'
		'I am not complaining.' Christina could feel his slim, athletic body against her thighs. 'Although my back is wet.' She finished with a smile to herself but not to him as she felt his hot breath on her neck and the raindrops from his long black curly hair falling on her face.
		'I know not why these strangers – these smugglers - are here,' his eyes met hers and his lips neared hers. 'I saw no other ships nearby.'
		Christina felt as if he knew exactly why they were here but she chose not to pursue it since it appeared to be to her advantage. 'How long do we stay like this?' she wasn't too worried about his reply or how long they would have to remain as they were. She knew that she was safe with him and she knew also that his lips would not touch hers without an invitation from her.
		'As long as we need to.' He satisfied her curiosity.
		'Are we in danger?'
		'Only if they suspect we are from the revenue, and it depends which smugglers they are. I may know them.'
		'You may know them?'
		'We have done each other favours in the past – no more than that.' Le Fere admitted.

For what seemed like an eternity the smugglers loaded what looked like barrels onto a number of wagons and then they made to depart - some heading eastwards away from the distant inn and one other making his way to the inn.
		After what Le Fere considered a safe period of time he climbed off Christina, untied the boat from the jetty, and started rowing for the shore.
		After a good meal washed down with an equally good wine, the two of them climbed the inn's stairs to their allotted candle-lit  chambers and made ready for bed.

Just as Christina stepped out of her blue gown and prepared to climb into her bed wearing only her chemise since all her other clothing was still on 'Le Marseilles' she convinced herself that her door was opening. She was not wrong and with only her candle to light his way a stranger entered and clasped his hand over her mouth before pushing her back onto her bed. The strangers mouth soon found her left breast and as his hand pushed upwards into her chemise – she found the side of his face with her teeth which she clenched as hard as she could. With a fairly swift action given her circumstances she found the knife which she always kept under her pillow and she stabbed her attacker in his left cheek. As he cried out in pain Christina released her grip on his flesh just in time to watch the man being dragged from her followed by a knife being drawn deeply across his throat before he was bundled, dying, into the corner of the room. Christina, oblivious to the fact that she was half-naked, fixed her eyes on a stranger with a bloody knife in his hand and standing next to him was Captain Le Fere.
		'Thank you Jack, you have saved the lady's reputation, and perhaps her life.' Le Fere clasped his hand on the man's shoulder. The man smiled and bowed in the direction of Christina.
		'This is Jack Miller.' Le Fere explained. 'Are you hurt?' He added as both she and he watched Jack easily lift the body of her assailant onto his shoulder. It was now that Christina noticed her saviour was young, muscular and wore a black patch over his left eye.
		'Only my modesty,' she couldn't help but notice Le Fere staring at her nakedness.
		'Cover yourself.' He offered her his coat. 'Or I will not be responsible for my actions.' He smiled in a manner which told her that she had nothing to fear from him whatsoever.
		'Who was the dead man?' She asked as she cast her eyes in the direction of the corpse disappearing out of the door on Jack's shoulder.
		'A smuggler and one of Jack's men.'
		'Perhaps the others come for him?' She creased her forehead.
		'Not if Jack has any say in the matter and they value their lives - he is the master of all smugglers in these parts.' Le Fere rubbed his chin as he made plans in his head. 'Besides they have their valuable contraband to take to a safe hideaway.'
		And because of his concern for her safety, and despite the reassurances he gave to Christina, Captain Le Fere spent the night in her room in a chair whilst she slept a fitful sleep . They remained this way until the darkness of the eastern sky began to fade and the sun pushed the night clouds away.

True to his word 'Le Marseilles' was re-floated as planned and Le Fere returned to the ship leaving Christina, who did not see Jack Miller again, in the capable hands of the inn-keeper who made arrangements for her to be taken to London by carriage. Le Fere would reunite Christina with her luggage and valuables once he had sailed his ship into London. It was not considered safe for her to attempt to return to the ship by small boat with such a fast tide and swell making the waters of the Thames estuary very  hazardous - Christina did not argue with this.

After a cold breakfast Christina climbed into her carriage which then headed westwards in the direction of London. The bleakness of the eastern flatness of England somehow depressed Christina as she tried to make sense of what she was doing. The more thought she gave to her tasks ahead the more ridiculous her journey seemed. She was, nevertheless instinctive and headstrong which was all that she needed to allow her to continue her journey of madness across a countryside occupied by strangers who she could not trust and to a London which would prove to be alien to her.

It was fortunate that her driver knew the route which is why he headed towards Hadleigh on a half decent road that would take her towards her destination. They deliberately avoided Canvey where there were little or no roads at all, and they were advised to avoid East and West Wilbur where it was known that there were smugglers active in that area. A rest and a less than decent meal was taken at Horndon before the journey continued onwards towards Gifford and Christina was more than thankful that they were once again on the move for she had grown tired of her driver staring at her with what could only be described as lustful eyes.

Whatever the innkeeper and Le Fere might have thought of the man, she did not trust him to be alone with her. Out on the empty roads he could have done just as he liked with her and nobody would have known her fate. The quality of the roads shook Christina's carriage so much that she half wished she had stayed on 'Le Marseilles' and taken her chances in the Thames. The rest of the journey took its toll on Christina's body in the manner of dust and bruises inflicted by being thrown from side to side inside the  carriage.


















2. A LONDON WELCOME
15th MAY 1645 – LONDON

London in 1645 was not as Christina remembered it to be years before when last she had visited England. Although most of the Parliamentarian army had left the city there was devastation, dirt, disease and shortages of food and coal everywhere.
		The storm of the night before had blown itself out and  in its place were white clouds, a blue sky and a temperature which suggested the day might be unusually warm. Christina was shown to an area just north of the Thames where her driver knew the address which she had given to him to be located. The late Lord Hanover's preference had always been to live on the more crowded north side of the Thames rather than the smaller south as it very much suited his time with the Parliament. His one remaining daughter Maria now lived in that same house.
 		Despite the accurate description of where the house might be found it took Christina and her driver some time to find their way to her cousin Maria's house and even then they had to complete the journey on foot as the lane that would lead to their destination was blocked by an overturned wagon and a dead horse - both of which had clearly been there for some time. After dismissing her driver and paying him Christina worked her way around the obstacle and arrived at the front of her cousin's house where she hammered on the heavy oak and iron door – after a brief moment the door slowly opened but not fully.
		'Yes?' A young voice called out through the space between the door and its frame which was just large enough for her head.
		'I am here to see your mistress,' Christina raised her green eyes towards the sky in frustration for she was tired from a long journey and irritated at being kept waiting.
		'Who shall I say is calling?'
		'Christina Norfolk - her cousin.' Christina sighed.
		'Are you expected?' The wait continued as the girl stared at the mud on Christina's gown and the untidiness of her red hair which in no way detracted from her beauty.
		'I do not know,' Christina sighed again, 'your mistress asked me to come.'
		Suddenly the door was flung open by Maria who could only stare at her cousin. 'Can you ever forgive me!' She began her excuses, 'we are so careful who we let in these days. London is not a safe place with edict after edict about who should be arrested for their religious beliefs and who should not, and who should have soldiers billeted with them.' She watched her servant staring at them both.
		Christina kissed her cousin on both cheeks and the two women embraced.
		'I had no idea you were coming.' Maria stepped back to look at her cousin. 'My letter pleaded for you to come but I just did not know if you would?'
		'Yes I read your letter with interest which was the only way that I could know of Rachel's plight and so I wrote to you and made plans to return to London. Your letter to me was full of details which I struggled to understand.'
		'I will explain everything in good time.' Maria nodded a smile, 'but still I did not hear from you and so I assumed that you would remain in France.'
		'My reply did not reach you then?' Christina silently knew it hadn't and wasn't at all surprised by it.
		'No, but it matters not. No doubt it is still on a ship somewhere in the channel.' Maria showed that she had a sense of humour.
		'Perhaps I hoped for too much, a letter written in Orleans to you in London. No doubt I overtook it on my way here!'
		'As I say,' Maria brushed the matter aside with an animated flick of her hand, 'it matters not, we have empty bed-chambers and we have food in our kitchens.' She turned her attention to the servant who was now staring at Christina. 'That will be all Margaret. Please secure the door.'
		'I have had rather an adventure getting here, I will not bore you with the details now.' Christina stepped over the threshold and watched Margaret close and lock the front door.
		'It is some years since last we met.' Maria stared at her. 'You are welcome in my house.' She stood to one side as Margaret disappeared into the darkness of the rooms at the back of the house. 'This is a day of surprises.' Maria took her cousin by the hand and led her into the great hall. 'Your sister Isobella is here, she is upstairs recovering from one of her heads so I imagine she will be down later which gives you and I time to catch up with our news.'
		'Why is Isobella here? I thought she lived in Bristol?'
		'So she does, or did. She and her husband are moving to Taunton to avoid the plague in Bristol so she took the opportunity of staying with me for a while.'
		'It is right and proper that they should have moved to Taunton.' Christina fell into a sombre mood for a moment. 'There have been so many deaths in Bristol, the Captain of my ship told me so for he was in that port a month ago and he did not stay long despite being able to prove that his ship was plague free.'
		'Quite so.' Maria was familiar with rule after rule being introduced when plague was rife anywhere in England. 'In any case Isobella is safe here for a while. London holds little attraction for any visitor these days and Isobella was under the misapprehension that there might be a social life here in this city.'
		'I understand that she would have found none and so in that respect she would have been disappointed.' Christina let out a sigh. 'I am surprised she did not stay with our brother Robert, I assume he still has a house in London?'
		'So he does but Robert is not in London, he is away with Parliament's army and Isobella did not feel she could impose upon his household with her brother not in residence, and I agreed with her.'

Some minutes later and with a cup of wine each Christina and Maria sat side by side in the Great Hall away from the fire and close to the window which looked out on the busy street..
		'Well although I asked you to come to me,' Maria looked into her wine cup, 'I did not expect you to do so.'
		'Why not?'
		'Because you hated Rachel.' Maria knew she was right.
		'That is true,' Christina nodded, 'but that was long ago and Rachel's demise has changed all of that.'
		'Has it?'
		'Of course.' Her reply was quite firm. 'When someone we have loved dies everything changes, particularly when it involves family.'
		'Does it change everything? We have had so many deaths these last three years.
	 	'I can no longer hate a woman who has been put to death.' she stared at Maria. 'I assume she has been executed?'
		'I am assuming she has,' Maria shook her head. 'It was destined to take place a few days ago but I have had no word from anyone that it actually took place.'
		'Cowpepper would have known - the ever reliable Cowpepper....'
		'…...The lawyer?' Maria interrupted her.
		'Quite so,' Christina nodded. 'The man apparently appointed by Colonel Sir George Mortimer to oversee the running of our family's household in Oxford.......'
		'…......yes I do know who he is.' Maria interrupted her again. 'But I did not think you did?'
		'He wrote to me and explained what his role was in our family matters, and whilst he certainly knows more that you or I he was unable or unwilling to tell me more than you about the execution. Still I am grateful for his communication. And if Rachel has lost her fight for life no doubt he would have written to me again with that fact – a letter which I could not have received since I was already on my way here.' She offered her wine cup to her lips. 'Tell me all that you know of Rachel's journey to death and why she was in Oxford at all?'

And so Maria began her sorry tale of the last three years - death by execution of her father who was also Christina's uncle, love, desire, murder and spying, and all too often the names of Sarah Richmond and James Sutton fell from her lips. Whilst Christina's thirst for the crimson liquid in her cup would easily be satisfied by a full jug placed on the table by the young servant girl, her thirst for greater detail on Sarah and James had to be repeatedly asked for.
		'My dear cousin,' Christina let out a long sigh as her eyes fixed on the fire, 'will you please tell me in some detail who these two people are – Sarah and James?'
		'They are strangers to you of course. I well tell you what I can.' She fixed her eyes on Christina’s slightly hooked nose and remembered that both of Christina's sisters had the same characteristic.
		‘Before you tell me,’ Christina swept her dark red hair from her face, ‘why was Rachel arrested? Did she make a mistake with her spying or did someone report her?’
		‘I was coming to that....'
		'…...and I was particularly intrigued by the comment in your letter about Sarah Richmond being not entirely innocent in respect of Rachel's arrest, and in some small way you yourself may be a little guilty.'
		'Let me explain.' Maria raised her voice. 'If you keep interrupting we will get nowhere!'
		‘I am listening.’ Christina pressed her lips together.
Maria seized the jug from the table, poured a little more wine into both of their cups and began to pace around the room without fixing her eyes on anything specific.
		'The responsibility for our cousin’s death lies with Rachel herself and Sarah Richmond, although there are others who are not blameless including myself.'
		'Yes so you said. How can that be?'
		'When she lived in London Sarah and I became friends and it was during that friendship that I gave her a gift which in turn had been given to me by Rachel. That gift turned out to be evidence against Rachel.'
		'Evidence against what?' Christina was becoming confused.
		'Rachel murdered a royalist officer and that she should not have done for his murder cannot be contested, and that alone could have sent her to the scaffold.’
		‘And the man she killed was…’
		‘…Sir Thomas Sutton who was James’ father.’ She answered Christina’s question. ‘Of course at the time she did not know that. She may have done some ill-advised things in her time but she was never that careless. All that mattered to her was that Sir Thomas' death entirely fitted her role as a spy.’
		‘And who is this James?’
		‘James Sutton, heir to the Sutton estate which makes him a very powerful man indeed. Were it not for this war he and Sarah would now be married but that was not to be because Sarah’s family support Parliament whilst the Sutton family are with the king. Rachel met James in Oxford and used him for her own purposes.’
		‘What do you mean her own purposes?’ Christina also began to pace around the room. ‘You mean she bedded him? Or he bedded her?’
		‘I cannot know that for she never went into such detail with me. As for the other matter concerning how Rachel came to be arrested for treason can only be explained by Sarah Richmond.’ Maria drank more of her wine.'
		‘So,’ Christina approached Maria and fixed her eyes on her, ‘James remains free of Sarah?’
		‘I assume so but again only Sarah could tell you that. By the way, if you do intend to meet her you should be aware that she was once known as Lady Newark.’ Maria tried to explain and would have elaborated but she abandoned the attempt when she saw that Christina wasn't listening, and although she was paying full attention to Christina she was not prepared for what her cousin said next. 
		‘So James would be a good tool if I chose to make a fool of this Sarah for sending our cousin to her death?’
		Maria could only stare in disbelief at Christina – the last time she heard such talk it had come from her Rachel and it had torn them apart. ‘You talk of vengeance?’
		‘Yes I do.’ Christina smiled and pushed her hair from her face but this time she used the hand with the missing half-finger which somehow gave a sinister slant to the action. 'And if I could include my Husband's mistress Eleanor in my plans it would prevent Harry from divorcing me.'
		'And why is that so important to you?' Maria cocked her head to one side as she remembered Christina's news of her and Harry's separation some years ago.
		'I have the title “Lady” and I have no intention of losing it to another woman. Of course if Harry were to be killed in battle then all the better because I would be rid of him and Eleanor as well and she would have nothing.' 
		'Such venom!' Maria shook her head in disbelief. 'I have only known one other person in my life speak with such hatred and that was Rachel.'
		'Then we had more in common than I thought.' Christina washed her smile away with a large mouthful of wine. 'Perhaps I should not have acted in such haste when I sank the knife into her breast and took off my finger in the process all those years ago.'
		 'And what is the next move in your scheming?' Maria also drank a large mouthful of her wine.
		'To go to Oxford and make some sense of what I must do. I will need to live somewhere of course.'
		'Well that is settled then,' Maria abandoned her wine cup to the table top. 'If you are intent on such a dangerous task you must live in our Oxford house.'
		'Really?' Christina had genuinely not expected such an offer. 'Rachel's house?' She cocked her head to one side as if to accentuate the question.
		'Yes.'
		'How appropriate.' Christina smiled once again.
		'You must seek out Master Matthew Cowpepper in Oxford,' Maria dismissed the tone in her cousin's voice as she began to tire of the mood of their conversation. 'I have his address. Cowpepper will no doubt make arrangements for you to use the house.'
		'And you do not mind?'
		'Why should I? I will not be going there. It is as dangerous and dirty in Oxford as it is here. There is little to choose between the two cities. Use the place if it suits you but let Master Cowpepper know that I do not mind.' She made her way towards her writing desk which nestled to one side of the fireplace. 'I will give you a letter to take to him from me. I have no idea what possessions of Rachel's are still in the house, but that is for you to discover.'
		'One thing more,' Christina watched her cousin sit down and take a quill in her hand, 'you say there are others who are not blameless in the matter of Rachel's death?'
		'You must understand,' Maria put the tip of her quill in the ink, 'that although Rachel often wrote to me I did not read her letters.'
		'Why not?'
		'After her outburst at our father's execution we fell out with each other and I never spoke with her again.'
		'I see.' Christina thought that news to be very sad for a family who had once been so close.
		'So most of what I am able to tell you comes from the hand of Sarah.' She took her quill out of the ink. 'Sarah was convinced that Rachel had help in what she was doing in Oxford, and she was able to provide me with a name, Captain Christopher Carlisle, or when he was in Oxford, Captain John Lancaster.'
		'The same man?'
		'Yes.' And as Maria began to pen her letter Christina turned her attention to the opening door which led to the hall and the stairs where she fixed her eyes on her sister who was making her entrance.
		'My dear Christina!' Isobella smiled as she approached her sister. 'I had no idea you were here but I recognised your unmistakable French accent as I came down the stairs.' She turned her attention in Maria's direction. 'Cousin you said nothing of our visitor?
		'Because I did not know.' Maria stopped writing for a moment. 'And you had said you were not feeling well and wanted to rest, and were not to be disturbed and of course I did not want to ignore your warnings and encourage the onset of one of your dreadful tempers again.'
		'Maria explained your enforced stay here.' Christina brought their bickering to an end, placed her wine on the table, slid her way across the dark wooden flooring and kissed Isobella on both cheeks.
		'Enforced indeed,' Isobella threw her arms around her sister. 'I liked living in Bristol and I had many friends there. Still, Taunton will do just as well once our house is ready.'
		'You always did have the ability to fit in wherever you live Isobella as long as there were attractive men available when your husband was away.'
		'And I wonder where I got that from?' Isobella smiled, sidled up to her sister and whispered in her ear. 'A family trait no doubt.'
		'I deserved that.' Christina turned her attention to her sister's face.
		Isobella was a striking woman who at the age of twenty six was one year younger than her sister. She had thick fair hair which hung in curls over her neckline and across her forehead to her eyes which had the advantage of covering up a large scar which had been sustained when she was thrown from her horse some years before. She had green brown eyes and a slightly hooked nose exactly the same as Christina. The height difference was insignificant with Isobella just an inch taller than Christina. Apart from the height difference and contrast in hair colour – fair and red – the two women were similar in all other respects including their determination to always get their own way. Isobella, wearing a deep green gown, abandoned Christina and made her way towards the table and the wine. 
		'Well now that we are one big happy family,' Maria forced a smile as she finished her letter writing, 'let us continue where we left off. My dear Christina you talk of going to Oxford to teach Sarah Richmond a lesson?' Maria prepared to seal her finished letter with hot wax and her personal seal. 
		'I do.' Christina recovered her cup of wine from the table. 'For my sake and the sake of our family.' She swallowed a mouthful of the crimson liquid as Isobella stared at her.
		'I am not sure your sister wants to hear all this talk of vengeance.' Maria warned her.
		'Yes I do,' Isobella had her say, 'I see much of me in Christina which intrigues me, besides, she knows that her secrets are safe with me and mine with her. Now please be good enough to explain what is going on and what you have planned?'

There followed a long conversation which more or less covered all that had been said earlier between Maria and Christina.

		'So, as our dear cousin has already said,' Isobella smiled in Maria's direction, 'you go to Oxford for revenge?'
		'And to find and claim the body of Rachel if I am able.'
		'You are assuming that she is already dead?' Isobella watched Maria let out a long sigh of frustration.
		'I regret that she may well be dead since executions are over and done with rather too hastily these days.' Christina admitted defeat.
		'Well,' Isobella explained, 'Those who are executed for treason rarely have the luxury of being granted a named grave so God knows where her body has ended up.'
		'No doubt you are right and I may not find her but I must make the effort.'
		Maria watched the look of determination wash over Christina's face and could only compare it to her own sister's desire for revenge - yet this was somehow darker.










3. BRINGING HOME A SISTER
17th MAY 1645 – LONDON

With the countryside of Oxfordshire beginning to warm up, and her ride from Oxford almost at an end, Susanna's eyes found Warrick House ahead of her. 
		She knew not why but the journey had been particularly uncomfortable and tiring and so she was glad to have Ned alongside her for company and conversation which did at least relieve the boredom of navigating such a hard and heavily rutted road. It was only now that she was regretting turning down Ned's offer of a carriage for her to use rather than the heavy horse which was all that had been available to her in Oxford.
		'Are you staying with me tonight?' Susanna glanced sideways at Ned and her cheeks coloured as she suddenly thought of how her words must have sounded.
		'If you will have me?' he grinned and he was not in the least bit embarrassed at the innuendo in his remark.
		'I would be glad of you,' she focused on his face and only now did she notice that his boyish good looks had disappeared – yet another casualty of the war no doubt. 'It will be good to have your company tonight with Sarah not coming home until tomorrow.'
		'Sarah's delay is regrettable of course,' he nodded, ' but it came as no surprise to me. The formalities of claiming Rachel's remains took longer than I had hoped.'
		'And took more money than we had all hoped.' Susanna threw back at him.
		'Indeed,' he nodded as they neared the churchyard. 'It would have been usual for her remains to be unceremoniously dumped in an unmarked grave and lost forever.'
		'Which considering Rachel was Sarah's sister that would have been very sad indeed.' The fact brought a lump to Susanna's throat.
		'And the fact that space for burials in Oxford are in short supply after last years plague made the decision of the authorities to release her body to us an easy one.' Ned looked at the gate to the churchyard as they passed by it, before his attention turned in the direction of Warrick House where he could hear the sound of hammering on timber. 'There is work going on at your house?'
		'A great deal of work I am glad to say,' Susanna nodded. 'Master Cowpepper has arranged for repairs to be carried out, particularly to our roof. I did not think we could afford it but he tells us we can and he knows best now that he handles the running of our estates.' She watched Ned ride a little ahead of her.
		'Where has Sarah decided Rachel should be buried?' He spoke over his shoulder as he brought his horse to a halt a little way beyond the churchyard gate.
		'I am not sure.' Susanna also came to a halt as she fell alongside him. 'Obviously as far away as possible from Sir Thomas' tomb where James will not easily find it, indeed he must not find it.'
		'Of course not.' Ned nodded.
		'Can we go on?' She asked. 'I prefer the warmth of the living rather than the coldness of this place.' She nodded in the direction of the graves before kicking her horse into action and watching Ned follow her.

A few minutes later both riders arrived at Warrick House where they dismounted and waited for their horses to be taken away to the newly roofed stables. As Susanna made her way into the house Ned looked up and was impressed with the transformation that had taken place with the roof. He followed Susanna into the house where he removed his gloves and placed them on top of Susanna's already discarded pair.
		A few steps across the entrance hall Ned found himself in the great hall where there was already wine waiting for them on the long table ahead of him where Susanna stood with a very attractive smile creasing her red lips. As the sun began to sink in the western sky behind the hills the two of them each took a cup of the wine and found it to be very good indeed.
		'I am impressed.' Ned swallowed a large mouthful of the liquid.
		'With what?' Susanna crossed the expanse of the great hall and wiped away a run of wine from the corner of her mouth as Ned answered her.
		'With the transformation of this place from a near-derelict building back into the home that it once was.'
		'Ah,' Susanna turned and looked out of the distant window which had been behind her back, 'as I said earlier we have Master Cowpepper to thank for that.' She watched a young and new servant girl enter and place a full jug of wine on the table followed by soft breads and cold meats. 'Cowpepper thought it best that we had servants once again. Apparently we can afford them since unpaid rents have now been collected.' She smiled. 'So now we have a cook, cleaners and servants, many of whom worked here years ago before the place was abandoned and the family moved to London. Anna is new to us,' Susanna nodded in the direction of the new servant girl, 'she is both young and keen to please. Sarah's personal maid Nan is back with us too, Sarah would not leave her in London any longer.' Having laid the table ready for a meal Anna smiled back at Susanna before disappearing towards the kitchens. 'But enough of this talk of servants,' she looked up and into his eyes. 'Tonight I have you and you always make good company.' She found herself attracted to him as she often had despite the nine year age difference between them.

As the red sunset replaced the dying yellow rays of the evening sun, Susanna became more relaxed in the company of Ned - no doubt the wine had had its effect on her. Ned, also relaxed by the effects of the wine, set his eyes on her long neck and her breasts which pushed upwards towards the limits of modesty that her deep blue gown could hide. There was no danger of any of the servants disturbing the seductive mood which had enveloped her and Ned because Susanna had dismissed them all to an early night some minutes before after first making quite certain that a room had been prepared for Ned and candles had been lit in both that chamber and her own. As the wine flowed and her inhibitions lessened, she found herself wanting the preparation of a room for Ned to have been a waste of time – a feeling entirely matched those of Ned.
		Not long after the stars had appeared in the black sky which had replaced the beautiful sunset Susanna and Ned struggled and giggled up the long staircase to their chambers, and each of them took wine and cups which contributed to the difficulty in staying upright as they fought to achieve the upper floor without falling over. The hem of Susanna's blue gown getting caught in the toes of her feet almost resulted in a fall down the stairs had Ned not been alert enough to catch her with his one free hand. Their ability to stand upright did not last long as their intoxication gave way to gravity and Susanna found herself falling onto Ned who had already fallen and now lay on his back a few steps from the top of the staircase.
		'And in which direction is your chamber?' Ned asked her.
		'This way,' her lips closed on his as his free arm wrapped around her. 'And you can take me there yourself. 'She buried her lips on his in a long kiss that they had both been hoping for during the last wine filled hour.
		The perfume from the wine on their breath went unnoticed as desire began to overtake them, the wine after all, had been their friend tonight and they had both had as much as each other.  
		Both lovers allowed their desires to tear at each other's clothing with little or no respect for any fastenings that may be torn or destroyed before each item of clothing found a resting place on the floor and the nakedness of their owners found a resting place on Susanna's bed.
  		Although Susanna was more than familiar with the needs and acts of a man in her bed she had no experience of one so young and athletic. For a man so much her junior she was surprised how much he controlled their love-making and when finally they did cry out together she was awash with desire for a man who could do so much more to her than others had before him. As a silent question creased her damp face Ned gave her the explanation which she wanted.
		'I hope I pleased you, I learnt much from encounters with womenfolk in the inns of Oxford.' He slowly, very slowly, withdrew from her, but only for a few moments before his hand slipped between her thighs and he found that she was ready for him again.

When the cockerels began to wake up the whole household inviting the first rays of a beautiful day to approach, Ned shook Susanna out of her sleep.
		'Come,' he watched her struggle to open her blue eyes. 'We must make ready for the day. I do not know what time Sarah will be here with her sister's body but I do not imagine it will be late as she needs to get the coffin to the church and out of sight of Lady Mary.'
		Susanna climbed out of bed rather more quickly than Ned had expected and with a smile and a hand of invitation she dragged him from her bed and to her side.
		'Hold me,' she pulled his naked body against hers and embraced him as if it were the last time that they would be together. 'Now go to the chamber next door – that way,' she pointed. 'And make every effort to pretend that that is where you have been all night.' She pushed him but not with any urgency. 'Show some decency for the servants sake,' she almost laughed out loud and with that he disappeared from her room with the minimum of clothing on his fine torso and the rest in a bundle in his hands.

With a carefree attitude washing over her Susanna dressed quickly in the riding gown and boots which she wore the day before. She dressed so quickly in fact that she did not bother with the time-consuming ritual of putting on her underclothes and hose such was the blithe-spirited attitude which overwhelmed her following her exhausting but satisfying night of being bedded by Ned. She made her hasty exit from the house and climbed onto her horse without bothering to use a saddle. She had not called for any stable-boy or servant to help her so there was little chance of anyone seeing her throw a naked leg over the back of her horse. Time was against her and she had an urgent need to return to the church and speak to the priest about arrangements for Rachel's arrival. She had made up her mind to do this the day before but the attraction of Ned surpassed all her planning.
----
It was noon before Sarah finally came into sight on the Oxford road and as expected there was a cart close behind her own horse  – a cart with a pitifully sorry load. The day was already hot which was unusual for May, and if proof were needed of that fact Susanna and Ned had to wait for the dust to settle before joining Sarah close to the front of Warrick House.
		Sarah dismounted and without bothering to brush the road dust from her clothing she reached out for Susanna and embraced her as if they had been parted for years. Once they did part Ned took her hand and kissed it, but she wasn't satisfied with that so she threw her arms around him and kissed him as she would a brother.
		'….I have spoken to the priest,' Susanna interrupted their embrace but not out of any jealousy. 'He is expecting Rachel's remains and he has a safe place for them already prepared.'
		'Dependable as always.' Sarah smiled as she let go of Ned and took hold of Susanna's hand instead.
		The two women made their way towards the house as Ned gave instructions to the driver of the cart. 'Once your sorry load has been taken to the church come back and be refreshed.' His instruction to the driver was met with a nod.

		'Where is Will these days?' Susanna threw the question at her sister as they entered the Great Hall and food was served by Anna.
		'I wish I knew,' Sarah shook her head. There is talk of a big battle looming so I expect he is with My Lord Essex's Army.
		'When are we to bury Rachel?' Susanna finally found the courage to ask her difficult question.
		'This afternoon.' Sarah surprised Susanna.
		'So soon?' 
		'It is not soon enough.' Sarah began what she thought was an unnecessary explanation. 'She has been dead for some days and the weather is hot. Let us give her the respect that she may not have deserved in life but will get in death. She is my sister and I mean to bury her well.'
		'In a tomb or a grave?'
		'A tomb,' Sarah explained, 'She does at least deserve that but she cannot possibly have any inscription on it which gives away her name, for the sake of James and Lady Mary.'
		'No name?'
		'Her stone will simply read “Here lie the remains of my sister” nothing more and you and I will always know where she lies, but James will not. He must never know.'
		'Why?'
		'Because he will very likely turn on me and refuse to see me ever again and God alone knows that I do not want that. It would also not surprise me if he had the body removed from our churchyard and placed in a pit far away.' She watched Susanna nod at the possibility.

Sarah passed by Susanna's chamber as she made her way across the upper floor. She unsuccessfully forced herself to go past the room to her own but found herself looking through Susanna's open door instead. Crossing to Susanna's bed she came to a standstill and stared at it. There was no evidence to be gleaned from the state of the bed and its bedding for the servants had carried out their tasks to perfection leaving nothing out of place. What Sarah was looking for she found on the furniture on each side of her sister's bed. There was a used candle on both pieces of furniture which brought a smile to her face. Susanna would not have used two candles had she been sleeping alone.

Some time later Sarah strolled into the great hall and found her sister staring out of the window. Susanna turned and nodded an approval at Sarah's high neckline black gown.
		'I too must prepare myself.' Susanna brushed past her sister.
		'Has Carlisle been here?' Sarah found the courage to ask.
		'No.' Susanna was quite determined with her answer. 'I have not seen the man since he fled from Sutton Manor just before Rachel's arrest.'
		'You would not lie to me?'
		'Why should I?'
		'Did Ned stay here last night?' She continued.
		'Yes.'
		'In your bed?'
		'Yes.' Susanna gave in and suddenly felt rather guilty, and for some reason ashamed. 'I needed him and his company was good for me.'
		'He is so young.' Sarah looked into her face.
		'Yes he is, young, good looking, strong and athletic.' She ran the tip of her tongue over dry lips as she thought of the previous night. 'In fact he was just what I wanted.'

The funeral took place that afternoon with as little fuss as possible for the last thing that Sarah wanted was for the event to get back to anyone at Sutton Manor. As Ned and Susannah closed the churchyard gate behind them they left Sarah – at her own insistence - on her knees by the tomb. With Rachel lying in rest they were sure that the service had been as discrete as Sarah had hoped it would be 
		'I miss you.' She began to cry. 'I miss you so much.' The tears ran down her face. 'Why did we not know sooner that we were sister? We could have had such a life together.'





4. RACHEL'S OXFORD HOUSE
20th MAY 1645 – LONDON

Making her way down the filthy street that led to Rachel's house, Christina's eyes settled on what she assumed was Master Cowpepper just ahead of her, a thin sick looking man leaning against the black front door of a house which had tall dark windows and heavy oak beams. This was Augustus House. It was mid-afternoon and the air was warm having been baked by an unusually hot May sun. The smell from the street was not a pleasant one and Christina struggled to make any sense of what the aroma might be.
	'Master Cowpepper?' she invited a response when she considered herself to be within earshot of him. 
	'At your service,' he took her hand and bowed. 'And how was your journey from London Lady Norfolk?'
	'Very hot and very hard,' she sighed as she examined the door behind Cowpepper. 'It involved some very unpleasant inns and an unfriendly escort whom I left behind some way from this city. I am keen to wash and get out of these clothes. I hope my cousin's clothing is still here and that I might use them?'
	'None of her personal things have been removed,' Cowpepper assured her, 'it is not the sort of thing I would know about.'
	'May we enter?' Christina pushed on the door and for some reason expected it to open which it didn't.
	Cowpepper banged on the door as if the place had nothing to do with him.
	'I thought you had the keys?' Christina looked down at his thin hairless face; he was after all so much smaller than her. 'Yet you call at the door like some stranger.'
	'I do have the keys but I asked the servants to make quite certain that the doors were locked at all times and never to open them unless they heard my voice. You see the King has adopted this habit of billeting his troops in any house where there is room even though it may be against the householder’s will. Your cousin had a financial arrangement with the army so that they did not descend on her house. I am hoping that that arrangement still stands.'
	'I see.' Christina considered Cowpepper's information for a while before continuing. 'There are servants here then?'.
	'Of course. The place is just as it was when your cousin left for the last time. And it is not all that surprising for the servants would have had nowhere else to go – nowhere else to live.'
	'I suppose that is true,' Christina cocked her head to one side as she thought she heard noises from the other side of the door.
	Finally, and after what seemed like an eternity, the door was unbolted and swung back on its creaking hinges. A young pale and spotted face with a mouth of unnaturally white teeth greeted him. Elizabeth - beamed a smile of greeting and stood back to allow their entrance. A moment later when the two callers had entered the door closed noisily behind them and its bolts drawn and its key turned.
	'And you are?' Christina stared at the girl.
	'Elizabeth. And you are my Lady Rachel's cousin, Lady Christina.'
	'You are well informed.' Christina smiled at the very likeable girl who had wrongly used the title Lady for Rachel.
	'Not really,' the girl was as honest as she could be which please Christina, 'Master Cowpepper told me. You are my new mistress for as long as you so desire. Please go into the great hall,' she pointed in the right direction, 'where I have placed wine and now I will bring food.'
	'I do need to wash and change,' Christina told Elizabeth and reminded Cowpepper at the same time. 'Elizabeth would you be so kind as to show me to my cousin's chamber?'
	The two women climbed the staircase, turned at the top and arrived at what Christina assumed to be her cousin's chamber and at the girl's invitation she brushed past Elizabeth and cast her eyes over the room. Christina looked at the bed and wondered what tales it could tell of Rachel and James and then she turned her attention to the rest of her surroundings as she watched the servant girl open cupboards and chests to reveal Rachel's costumes – a silent request for Christina to decide which gown to wear.
	'The red one,' Christina had no hesitation in her choice, 'and are you able to help me dress?'
	'My Mistress taught me well.' Was Elizabeth's way of saying yes as well as an eager nod of her head.

Not long afterwards, and refreshed after a cool wash, Christina felt the softness of the young girls hands on her neck and back as she fastened Christina's borrowed gown - she wondered if those hands had been just as gentle on Rachel's skin. She closed her eyes as she tried to recall when last she had felt such a relaxing touch from a servant, certainly not from her own personal maid back in France. Her eyes narrowed as she focussed on the sky through the window, a sky which was turning black as the heat of the day invited thunder clouds to the skies of Oxford.

Some time later and with Elizabeth having lived up to her word of being a good ladies maid, Christina abandoned Rachel's room and made her way downstairs with the girl brushing passing her as she too made her way down..
	'And now you are ready for food and wine.' The girl invited her into the Great Hall where Cowpepper had spent his time in an uncomfortable upright chair as he made a mental note of just about everything in the room.
	Christina entered the vast room and focused on the two paintings on the wall above the unlit fire.
	'Your uncle and aunt.' Cowpepper found himself having to explain as he watched Christina surveying the rest of the room.
	'Rachel's mother and father?' Christina said what she thought was obvious and was rather shocked at Cowpepper's reply.
	'Not quite.' He rubbed bony fingers around his chin as he suddenly remembered to remove his cloth cap.
	'Not quite?' Christina was puzzled. 'What can you possibly mean by that?'
	'Lord Hanover was not Rachel's father.'
	'What?' she opened her mouth and was utterly unable to close it. 'My uncle was not my cousin's father?'
	'You did not know?' he asked. 'Of course why would you? Maria still does not know.'
	'Then who is or was her father?'
	'I will explain all when we eat,' Cowpepper dismissed her question. 'There is much that you do not know and much that you must know.'
	'But this makes a nonsense of all that Rachel lived for and believed in, and died for as I understand it?'
	'We will talk more in a moment.' He ended their conversation for a while as he watched Elizabeth bring food to the table.

Cold meat, some good bread and plenty of fruit arrived at the table as if Elizabeth was expecting a banquet to take place. For now Christina was only glad for the red wine which she drank heavily as she watched Cowpepper sip a mug of ale which Elizabeth had thought to provide for him. Clearly he had been well catered for in this house before.
	'Is Rachel dead?' Christina asked as she sat down at the table and watched Elizabeth disappear into the depths of the house. 'I do not mean to sound so stupid or to be so direct,' she felt as if Cowpepper deserved an explanation, 'but when last I had news of her, including your letter for which you have my thanks, she was still on trial so I just assumed she had been executed.'
	'Yes she is dead. A few days ago I regret to say. The king's men do not delay in situations like this.' He watched a tear fall down Christina's cheek. 'The fact has upset you?'
	'What can you mean by that Master Cowpepper? Of course it upsets me. She was my cousin.'
	'Forgive me,' he sniffed. 'However I do find it odd that you are upset for I heard that you and Rachel did not get on?'
	'What you heard is quite correct. We did not get on but in some odd way it made us closer. She and I were so alike.' Christina brushed the tear away but to no avail as another followed almost straight away. 'You were about to explain about Rachel's father?' She changed the subject and was glad of it.
	'A very difficult subject indeed,' Cowpepper looked into his ale, 'and one which will cause me a great deal of work and headache I am sorry to say.'
	'Why?'
	'Because I am not sure how this will affect the ownership of Rachel's properties and further to that does she now have any claim to live in the properties of her real dead father?'
	'Who is?'
	'Sir John Richmond – the late Sir John Richmond.' He watched the shock wash over her face.
	'Sarah Richmond's father?' She successfully assembled the puzzle in her mind after a moment to digest Cowpepper's explanation.
	'The same.'
	'So Sarah and Rachel were sisters?'
	'Half sisters,'
	'Only you could insist on being so accurate Master Cowpepper.' She stared at the table as if her mind was elsewhere. 'And this Sarah woman lives where?'
	'Warrick House in the countryside three hours ride from here and just minutes from Sutton Manor....'
	'…....where James lives?'
	'The same.' Cowpepper nodded. 'And since we are on the subject of James I must ask you not to tell him about Rachel's real father.'
	'Why not?'
	'It is not for public debate and you would be doing me a great service and Sarah too if you kept it to yourself.' He watched her face as she nodded an acceptance of his request for her silence.
	'I must meet this Sarah Richmond.' She changed the subject.
	'I am surprised you did not ride past Warrick House on your way here, the place is on the London road which I know well enough.'
	'Perhaps I did pass by the place and did not realise it.' Christina swallowed another mouthful of wine as Cowpepper watched her hand with the missing half-finger. 'You are curious Master Cowpepper?' she answered his silent question as her eyes followed the direction of his.
	'Intrigued, I think is more appropriate.'
	'My cousin Rachel, or should I now say half-cousin,' she smiled at the way that she corrected herself, 'was responsible for my injury.'
	'Go on.' He began chewing on his cold meat. '
	'Rachel lived for some time with Harry, my husband, and I in France and it appears that she took a liking to him and I was ignorant of the fact until I found them in bed together.'
	'And you made your half-cousin regret it?'
	'I sank my knife into her breast and lost my finger as I attacked her, and we both lost a great deal of blood and I lost my husband at the same time.'
	'Forgive me I am not experienced in such matters,' Cowpepper sighed, 'so anything I might say would not be useful.'
	'I think I have said enough,' she smiled, 'but what I need from you is some kind of explanation as to why I was not told about my cousin dying and why my uncle was not her father?'
	'And who should have told you?' He cocked his head in her direction. 'Your cousin Maria did not know and it is hard to know who else might have told you.'
	'Why did Maria not know?'
	'Because I have not been to London since those dreadful events took place. I find the journey hard at my age, even with a stop at Beaconsfield. I have made the journey only once and that was when Sir George Mortimer appointed me to look after a number of properties including this one. I do not feel such news could be or should be trusted to a letter to Maria.'
	'No, I do see your point Master Cowpepper.' Christina sighed as she took another mouthful of her wine which was the only pleasurable thing in her new surroundings. 'Perhaps,' she continued, 'even at the risk of you repeating yourself, you could clarify a few points for me.'
	'I would be glad to.' He put a very small piece of meat into his mouth and began chewing once again.'
	'Sarah Richmond was responsible for Rachel's death by giving evidence against her?'
	'Regrettably yes.' Cowpepper swallowed what little meat was in his mouth before washing it down with a sip of his ale.
	'Even though Rachel was her half-sister?'
	'Yes, but Sarah would not have been party to that fact at the time. The identity of Rachel's real father only came to light minutes before her execution.'
	'I see.' Christina stared at the floor for a moment as her long red hair fell over her cheeks. 'And if Rachel had not lived in Oxford but London when she worked against the King she would have been held in great regard by Parliament? Instead she was executed by the Royalists?' Christina took an apple and started turning it in her good hand.
	'That is all true.' He set his gaze on her face. 'And you know more about Rachel's treasonable acts than I imagined you would?'
	Christina continued without feeling the need to reply to his question. 'So who was it that helped her to spy for Parliament whilst living in the King's stronghold? A remarkably dangerous thing to do?' She took a bite of the apple and her white teeth bit off the fruit cleanly.
	'The name Carlisle has been mention....'
	'…..yes I know,' she interrupted him, 'Maria told me.'
	Cowpepper ignored her remark and continued. 'But he – Carlisle - appears to have disappeared and would in any case be difficult to trace as he uses other names, one of which was Lancaster.' He cleaned his creased lips with his napkin.
	'How do you know this if his activities were presumably clandestine?'
	'I have information from many sources – from people who move in such circles.'
	Christina decided not to ask any difficult questions about his sources. 'So my cousin did all this at great risk to herself by living in this city?'
	'I suppose it was the only way she could ensure that she gained revenge over the king....'
	'…...'for the death of her father.' Christina ended his sentence for him, and he nodded. 'Which she called murder?' And again he nodded. 'Even though he was not her father?'
	'All that you say is true but as I have already said she did not know at that time that he was not her father.'
	'Hmm,' Christina put down her apple and wrapped her fingers around her wine cup. 'And has her spy friend ever been here? Or would you not know?'
	'I would not know, but I would be surprised if he had not.'
	'And am I able to live here as long as I need or want to?'
	'You are, until such times as my investigations tell me otherwise for Rachel left no will as far as I know.'
	'Hardly surprising,' Christina looked up at the painting of Rachel's mother whilst ignoring the one of Lord Hanover, 'at just twenty seven years of age why would she.'
	'Quite so.' Cowpepper sat back in his chair.
	'Where is Rachel's body?'
	'What?' he asked her but not because he hadn't heard her but because he knew that the answer would not please her.
	'Where is my cousin's body?'
	'Sarah Richmond has it. She had to part with a considerable amount of gold for the privilege.'
	'My cousin's body is not some item to be sold to the highest bidder Master Cowpepper?' Christina began to raise her voice.
	'Oh but it is,' he corrected her, 'in these times of war and last year's plague filling the graveyards.' He set the scene for her quite colourfully.
	'But why Sarah? Or is it all too obvious given the identity of Rachel's father?'
	'She wanted to give her sister a decent burial.' He nodded a silent answer to the second part of her question.
	'Did she.' Christina was quite sarcastic. 'Well I think it is time I met this Sarah Richmond.'
	'There is something you should know before you meet her.' Cowpepper coughed an unhealthy cough into a piece of linen which he had tucked away in his tunic.
	'Go on?'
	'Strictly speaking Sarah Richmond is Lady Newark.'
	'Why?'
	'Because she was forced to marry her cousin Sir Roger Newark, a man she hated.'
	'How so? How can she be forced to marry a hated man/'
	'It was in her father's will that she should do so – or so she thought.'
	'I am sorry but you have lost me. This is becoming very complicated indeed.' She sighed.
	'Your cousin Rachel had Sir John Richmond's will forged to make Sarah marry another and so keep her away from James Sutton. Even now I am still trying to work out the implications of this although I do not think they are significant.
	'Such scheming on the part of Rachel.' Christina was lost in thought. 'But so like her, and so clever if she wanted James for herself.'
	'I was going to remind you that Lady Newark prefers to use the name Sarah Richmond, so I am not sure how you will address her if and when you meet.' And then by way of an afterthought he added an explanation. 'You see her husband is dead which is why she has reverted to her family name.'
	'I see.' The whole explanation began to make sense to Christina as she cast her mind back a few days to her conversation with Maria. 'I have a feeling Maria tried to tell me this a few days ago in London but my mind was elsewhere.' She brought herself back to the present. 'Well all the same I will meet this Sarah whatever her name is, and I also think it is time I met this Carlisle or whatever name he goes by'

Cowpepper set his eyes on her face, and then her hand with the missing finger, at her long red hair, her long almost talon-like nails and at her green eyes. He would never dare to cross her and he felt sorry for anyone who might do so. The man who assisted Rachel to help defeat the king and by so doing to kill her might cross her and  come to grief himself. Sarah might confront Christina, and she would be unwise to do so for she too would come off second best. This was what the clever Master Cowpepper thought to himself and he was right to do so because those events were sure to happen in the days ahead.




























 
5. THE ENEMY RETURNS
LATER THAT NIGHT 22nd MAY 1645

With Master Cowpepper having left her house after his supper Christina settled down in a rather comfortable chair in the great hall and for company she had at her side on the table a jug of wine, a cup, and candles. She opened a book and began to read so that she could take her mind off the ever increasing thunder which she couldn't fail to hear above the sound of very heavy rain. Being alone once again except for the servants she had loosened the front of her gown above her breasts so that she could relax and breath easier in the oppressive heat of Oxford. 

Making his way down the street that led to Rachel's house, Carlisle cursed the weather as he swept his wet hair out of his eyes. He was soon banging on the door which in pleasanter times would have led him to Rachel. Above the thunder which raged above the roof tops he waited for some distant sound that would have told him that at least one servant had heard his call. At last the door slowly opened and he recognised Elizabeth as she stared at him. 

What happened next was a shock to Christina.
		
		'Will you announce me?' Carlisle growled at Elizabeth.
		The girl did not announce him instead she backed away and froze with terror sweeping across her face.
		'Who is it at the door?' Christina called out from the comfort of her chair, but her question did not gain an answer.
		'What in God's name is the matter with you?' Carlisle raised his voice. 'I come as a guest.' He called out across the entrance hall to whoever would listen to him but in truth he had no idea who that might be.
		Christina pushed herself out of her chair and in a moment she was next to Elizabeth in the entrance hall.
		'She seems unable to speak.' Carlisle said what was plainly obvious to Christina.
		'Elizabeth?' Christina took the girls shoulders in her hands to gain her attention and it was only then that she could see tears in the eyes of the girl who now began to tremble. She turned her attention to Carlisle. 'What is your name?'
		'Captain John Lancaster,' he hesitated as he remained on the threshold of her house. 'Although I might be known by another name but not in these parts.' He threw in his confusion which brought creases to Christina's forehead as she tried to make sense of what he was talking about. And then it became clear to her as she remembered what Maria had said about the man who was now standing in front of her. And with that she slammed the door closed with the stranger on the outside.
	'Elizabeth, you are like a terrified child, tell me why?' The girl said nothing so Christina tried another approach. 'Elizabeth you are safe here with me so let me help you. Without knowing his name do you know this man? Has he ever visited my cousin here?'
	'He is an evil man,' the girl somehow found her voice. 'He once attacked my mistress in this house and she was only saved by the arrival of Captain Sutton otherwise I have no idea what would have happened to her.'
	'Slow down.' Christina called out with a head full of confusion including the mention of James whose relationship to Rachel she had forgotten. 'I will deal with this gentleman in a manner which befits what you have just told me. Now go about your duties and see to it that we have more wine.'
	With Elizabeth disappearing into the the depths of the house Christina opened the front door herself. As expected Carlisle was still there with his back to her and so she watched him slowly turn to face her.
	'What was that all about?' He asked as he shook the rain from his hair and took off his cloak on the presumption that he would be invited inside.
	'No matter,' Christina brushed aside his question, 'she is not well.' She lied.

Some minutes later Carlisle was in the great hall with Christina standing by her fireplace with a cup of wine nestling between her fingers.
	'Take wine if you feel the need,' she waved a hand towards the jug on the table' 'there is more on the way.' And no sooner had she said it than an elderly woman with an apron around her robust figure gave her away as being the cook, delivered another jug of wine to the table.
	'I trust Sir, that you will be truthful when you answer me,' she watched her cook leave the room. 'I do not think I am wrong when I say your name is really Christopher Carlisle?'
	'It may be but not in Oxford.' He threw her a confusing answer.
	'No not in Oxford for reasons which are quite clear to me.' She waited for his smile to go away. 'Let me be quite clear on this matter Sir,' Christina stood up to him, 'I do not care what your name is - Lancaster or Carlisle. I know you came here at least once to see my cousin Rachel so I can only suppose you had some hold over her.'
	'She only complained once.' He smiled which made her dislike him even more.
	'So it happened on more than one occasion?'
	'It did.' His penetrating eyes fixed on hers from across the room.
	'Then your hold on her was stronger than I thought,' she approached him. 'She was my cousin and I knew her well enough.'
	'And your are?'
	'It matters not who I am for now, I will tell you when I feel the need to. What does matter is that I know who you are. You are the spy who helped Rachel go to her death.'
	'She did not need my help to go to her death she was very capable of doing that alone.'
	Christina moved closer to Carlisle so that she was almost upon him. She stared into his brown eyes and couldn't help but admire his Mediterranean good looks.
	'You will not do to me what you did to my cousin whatever that may have been. If you make any attempt to attack me I will kill you.' She held up her deformed hand. 'That is the result of my fight with the last person who crossed me.'
	'And your enemy? What happened to him?'
	'Her,' she corrected him, 'I left my mark on her for life,' she spoke the truth but for now she saw no point in reminding him that her enemy was Rachel.
	'I see.' Carlisle stared at the hand before him. 'I see our relationship has got off to a poor start.'
	'No matter,' she withdrew her hand and tore her eyes from him. 'Your reputation goes before you and I may have a use for you and will pay you handsomely.'
	'I do not take money for what I do, I do it for Parliament so if what you are planning might aid Parliament's cause then you will have my help - the same help which I offered to Rachel  years ago,'
	'Then, Sir, we have an understanding,' she smiled, 'an understanding which might indeed aid Parliament.'
	'And would that please you?'
	'It matters not to me for my reasons are personal.'
	'You do not support Parliament then?'
	'I do not support Parliament and I do not support your King.' She turned away from him.
	'How can that be?' And now it was his turn to crease his forehead in confusion.
	'I am French. Although my mother and father were  English I was born in France where I lived until recently so I care not for your war.'

An awkward silence washed over the two of them as they both refreshed their cups. With no words exchanged between them for some moments they concentrated on the quality of the wine whilst the sound of thunder became their background.

	'When I have need of you,' she watched his eyes find the openness of her gown above her breasts. 'How may I find you? You are a spy so I can hardly go about the streets asking for you and I certainly would not be so cruel as to send Elizabeth out looking for you.' 
 	'I think you are familiar with the name Cowpepper?'
	'Yes.'
	'When next you have need of my services,' he continued to fix his eyes on her breasts, 'leave a note with Cowpepper and I will call on him when I am next in Oxford.'
	'When you are not fighting some battle somewhere?'
	'Quite so.' He gave her a mock bow.
	'Or fighting some woman at the Bird Of Prey,' she added which simply brought a smile to his face.
	'I rather avoid going to that place for I have enemies there.' His attention was still on her breasts.
	'So be it,' she ignored his stare. 'We will use the good offices of Master Cowpepper.'
	'One thing more,' Carlisle considered his wording, 'if I am to be of use to you, or you to me,' he again threw in his confusion, 'I would like to know who I am making my bargain with?'
	'Rachel's cousin.'
	'And you have a name?' He was irritated by her attitude towards him.
	'Christina Norfolk of Orleans.'

Christina abandoned him and began to circle the table rubbing her fingertips on the polished surface as she did so. Her head was full of ideas but at this moment she was not ready to develop them.
	'You can go now.' She half turned her head towards him. 'Our business is done.'
	'Go?'
	'Yes, go!'
	'In this weather?' he had clearly expected to stay in the dry.
	'Yes in this weather Captain, you can go to your Bird Of Prey and find some whore who will let you do as you please with her.' She finished as she ran the tip of her tongue over her lips and continued to make plans in her head.
6. MEETING SARAH
22nd MAY 1645 – LONDON
jjjj
With the roads overwhelmed by mud, Christina, even in a carriage pulled by four heavy horse, struggled to make headway out of Oxford towards London, and it was only her determination to meet the infamous – in her eyes – Sarah Richmond or Lady Newark or whatever she chose to call herself that kept Christina going. The deluge which had emptied itself on Oxfordshire on the twentieth of May continued the following day before diminishing in intensity during the evening.
		Christina wasn't foolish enough to attempt the journey on her own even though the ride should have been no more than three or four hours. She refused to do the journey alone because the countryside around Oxford was riddled with danger. Sir Thomas Fairfax's army was close to besieging Oxford and there were pockets of Royalist soldiers all over the place. With Christina's allegiances in question she employed, at huge expense and at Cowpepper's insistence, half a dozen royalist soldiers to escort her to Warrick Village. 
		As she neared the end of her journey she called out through the open window to the side of her and asked the driver to stop at the churchyard which was just appearing in the distance. He did as she asked and brought the carriage to a standstill by the gate which led to the graveyard. Her driver offered her a helping hand out of the carriage and onto the muddy path.
		'I will not be long.' She called out to her Captain of the guard. 'I need to do this thing before I reach Warrick House.'
		It didn't take long for Christina to find what she was looking for. The tomb was new and the epitaph was simple. And she knew it was there because Cowpepper had told her so.

“HERE LIE THE REMAINS OF MY SISTER”

		'How appropriate.' Christina whispered to herself as she placed her gloved hand on top of the tomb. And then she realised that she had used her deformed hand. 'And how appropriate that I reach out to you with the hand which caused you and I great pain.' She thought back to the events all those years ago in France. 'We never saw each other again.' She continued her whispers as she allowed a tear to run down her cheek. 'I swear to you I will avenge your death.' She swallowed and a moment later she climbed to her feet and left her cousin's grave behind
		It wasn't long before Christina came to a standstill as she reached the final resting place of Sir John Richmond. It wasn't that Christina had intended to search for the grave but her route back to the gate took her past his tomb.
		'Rachel's father.' She said to herself before silently adding, 'and the father of Sarah Richmond.'
		A few minutes later her carriage was drawing to a halt outside Warrick House, and as the mud dripped off the wheels an elderly servant came out of the front entrance door of the house and approached the carriage.
		'We were not expecting guests,' he looked confused, 'who shall I say is calling?'
		'Lady Christina Norfolk.' She didn't even look at him because she was too interested in the weather which was approaching from the south west.
		'We are in for some good weather,' she looked over her shoulder at the servant, or rather in the general direction of him and as she did so she set her eyes on a large house in the distance. 'What is that place over there?'
		'Sutton Manor.' The servant gave her the reply which she had expected. 'If you would be so kind as to follow me I will announce you.' He stood to one side to allow her to enter before him, which she did.
		The servant brushed past Christina and entered what she assumed was the great hall where Sarah sat by the window busy with her needlework.
		'You have a visitor my Lady,' he bowed in the direction of the vast window, 'Lady Christina Norfolk.'
		Sarah turned and smiled.' Thank you Albert. Some wine if you please?'
		Albert made his exit as Christina approached her host and they touched hands rather hesitantly.
		'Forgive me Lady Norfolk,' Sarah looked at the right hand which she had held, an act which caused her to crease her forehead in confusion as her eyes fixed on Christina's deformity. 'You have the better of me for I simply do not know who you are although I feel I should.'
		'You should.' Christina took in all of Sarah's features. 'And I think my right hand has just stirred a thought in your memory has it not?'
		'A fight in France?' Sarah took only a moment to arrive at her guess.
		'A regrettable incident,' Christina smiled as she watched Albert return to the room and place wine on the table.
		'So you are Rachel's cousin?' Sarah picked up the wine jug and dismissed Albert with a wave of her hand. 
		'And you are my cousin Rachel's sister?' She knew she could say this to Sarah despite her silent promise to Cowpepper not to mention the subject again.
		'It would appear so. Would you care to sit down?' Sarah held out an open hand to a chair which her guest accepted without thanks as Sarah handed her a cup of wine. 'Why are you here?' She asked. 'I doubt that we are going to be the best of friends.' She remembered that the burden of Rachel's death rested on her own shoulders and hers alone.
		'I agree,' Christina swallowed a mouthful of her spiced wine, 'but I had to come and see you , I had to come and see the woman who sent her own sister to her death.'
		'Without knowing she was my sister until her head was almost on the block.' Sarah explained her actions.
		'Yes I have heard that.' She almost dismissed it as being an excuse. 'And then you purchased her body and brought her here?'
		'To give her a decent burial.'
		'Yes I have seen her nameless tomb.'
		'I had good reason for doing that.' Sarah stumbled over her words. 'The man who would have been my husband were it not for this war would not care to know that the woman who murdered his father lies in Warrick churchyard.' 
		'James Sutton?' Christina knew she was right.
		'Yes.'
		'And he lives in the large house close by?'
		'When he is not with the king's army yes.' Sarah crossed to the window and fell to silence.
		Christina joined her and looked sideways at her.
		'We will never grow to like each for you are my enemy...'
		'…...Rachel also called me her enemy,' Sarah added.
		'But you were her enemy,' Christina shook her head, 'it was your evidence which killed her.'
		'Do you not think I know that?' Sarah turned and faced her. 'Do you not think that that dreadful fact washes through my mind each and every time I remember that she was my sister.'
		'Enough of this, let us at least be civil to each other just for today and then we can part as enemies.'
		'If that is what you want?'
		'It would please me if you would do one thing for me today.' Christina's sincerity dictated her words.
		'Perhaps?' Sarah was wary of this new woman in her life.
		'Tell me all that you can about what led to Rachel loosing her life. Tell me about James. Tell me about the forged will? And most important of all, because he has already called upon me, tell me about Captain John Lancaster or whatever his name is?'
		'Carlisle is his name,' Sarah swallowed, 'and you say he has called upon you?' She found herself a little shocked that the man had turned up again.
		'Almost from the moment that I started living in Rachel's Oxford house which was a few days ago, yes.'
		'Why would he do that?'
		'Visit me?' she watched Sarah nod her head. ''I know not.'
		'But how did he know you were there? In that house?'
		'I can only imagine that his curiosity got the better of him as he was passing the house or Cowpepper told him I was there.'
		'Does he know Master Cowpepper?' Sarah could only guess that he did.
		'It would appear so.'
		'Is he dangerous?'
		'Carlisle?' Christina set her forehead in creases.
		'Well I certainly do not mean Cowpepper!' Sarah smiled and she watched Christina return the smile. 'From what you know of Carlisle do you believe he is dangerous?'
		'I know little of the man and would be pleased to have your thoughts on him?'
		'Very well,' Sarah thought hard about where to begin. 'It must be remembered that he actually did no wrong.'
		'How so?' The creases appeared across Christina's forehead again. 'He was responsible for steering my cousin to her death?'
		'That is partially true but he was an instrument in her arrest only. He did no killing of his own - he left that to Rachel. Her association with him suited Rachel's desire for revenge, his appearance in her life was.....'
		'….convenient?' Christina finished her sentence for her.' 
		'Convenient for both of them.' Sarah nodded.'
		'And so you have answered my question. If I follow your words correctly you consider him not to be dangerous at all?'
		'I do not think he is,' Sarah conceded, 'but it would depend on who you support in this war, Parliament or the King.  For my part I support Parliament as did my father.' Sarah declared without having a mind of her own. 'Carlisle has done much good work for Parliament and they must therefore think highly of him.' She was satisfied with her explanation. 'And you? Who do you support?'
		'I am French. This war is your affair not mine.'
		'And that fact, if you do not mind the imposition on my part, may be your downfall.' Sarah watched her words render Christina to fall silent for a moment.
		'How so?' 
		'You are catholic? At least those who enjoy in gossiping would have me believe.'
		'I am catholic, what of it?' Christina tried to make sense of  Sarah's train of thought.
		'It is rumoured that the King will attempt to raise a catholic army in France which would put you in a very dangerous position – a French catholic in England. You may become an enemy of Parliament.'
		'I see.' Christina fell to silence for a moment for clearly the thought had not entered her mind. 'You seem well versed in politics and war?'
		'A little perhaps,' she agreed. 'Think on it and be careful.' Sarah set her eyes on the woman's neck as Christina swallowed hard at the warning. A veil f silence enveloped the two women as that part of their conversation reached some kind of confusion and then after a moment Sarah broke the silence.  'If only for the fact that Carlisle has been to see you, I will tell you everything.'

There now followed an hour of conversation between the two women with Sarah doing most of the talking. She told Christina everything which along with what Cowpepper and Maria had said, painted an unhappy picture of the last three years. Sarah left out only one small fact which was Carlisle’s' involvement with Susanna. She didn't feel that the fact was relevant and she didn't know if Susanna would have wanted Christina to know about the relationship she had had with Carlisle.

Just as Sarah was coming to the end of her story Susanna made her entrance into the hall.
		'Forgive me, Albert told me we had a visitor.'
		Christina stared at the stranger as she put down her cup of wine and climbed out of the chair which had comforted her during Sarah's tale of events covering the last three years.
		'This is my half-sister Susanna.' Sarah held an open hand of  greeting in Susanna's direction. 'Susanna this is Lady Christina Norfolk - Rachel's cousin.'
		'I am very pleased to meet you.' Susanna took Christina's hand in her own for a moment.
		'May I speak with you in private dear sister?' Sarah pointed to the hallway which led out to the stairs and front entrance door. The two women abandoned the great hall.
		'Christina wanted to know all about Rachel.' Sarah explained when they were alone and out of earshot.
		'Go on?' Susanna knew there was more to come.
		'I told her everything of course, well nearly everything.'
		'And what did you not tell her?'
		'About you and Carlisle, I did not imagine that you would have wanted me to divulge any of your private affairs. You see Carlisle has already been to see Christina in Oxford at Rachel's house which is where she is living.'
		'Carlisle has returned?' Susanna genuinely looked worried rather than pleased as Sarah would have expected. 'I do not want to see the man again.' She knew she was not speaking rationally for she had never stopped wanting him.
		'Because of Ned?'
		'In the main, yes.' Susanna nodded which came as no surprise to her sister.
		'Well let us hope it does not come to that.' Sarah squeezed her sister's hand to give her some comfort. 'Let us leave Christina with the problem of Carlisle. You are well rid of him.' And with her explanation complete Sarah turned her back on Susanna and made to go.
		'Sarah?' Susanna called out - her voice making Sarah stop, turn and face her again. 'Thank you for not mentioning my relationship with Carlisle to Lady Norfolk.' She approached her sister and embraced her before they both made their way back into the great hall and the waiting and frustrated Christina..
		'Well I must take my leave of you,' was Christina's greeting to her hosts.
		'You will not eat with us?' Sarah threw in a belated invitation.
		'Or stay the night with us.' Susanna extended the  invitation.
		'My dear Sarah,' Christina smiled, 'as I said earlier we were never going to be the best of friends after you killed my cousin.' She watched the look of surprise wash over Susanna's face. 'It is better that we part now before I start shouting at you both.' She smiled as she fixed her concentration on Susanna. 'It was good to meet you Susanna, and I am glad that Sarah has a sister to look after her.' And with that sarcastic remark she brushed past them both and made her way towards the door.
		'If you refuse our hospitality,' Sarah called out to her, 'at least consider staying in Warrick Village tonight, there is an inn of good repute there. It is such a long way back to Oxford so why not rest a while?'
		'I would but I must consider my escorts, they are royalist and the countryside is full of Fairfax's men. I will not put them in any more danger than I already have.' She continued with her departure.  
		'Christina?' Susanna turned and found the courage to call out.
		'Yes?' She stopped and turn to face them both again.
		'Be careful of this Carlisle. I have had experience of him.' She issued her warning without knowing why she did it. Her remark attracted her sister's attention and eyes.
		'The last time someone crossed me,' Christina held up her deformed hand. 'I received this wound and my enemy,' she stared hard at Sarah, 'did not escape injury herself.'
		Having delivered her assurances and warning she swept out of the room, out of the house and across the carriageway to her escort.
		'Your talk about Carlisle has not fooled me.' Sarah whispered into Susanna's ear as they both watched their guest depart. 'You wanted to warn Christina away from Carlisle because you still love the man, so please do not take me for a fool.' She smiled and Susanna knew that her sister was right and so it was pointless to continue with the charade.

Despite her protestations to Sarah and Susanna about the urgency in returning to Oxford straight away Christina did in fact head towards Sutton Manor for what she considered was an important part of her plans.
----
		'Lady Mary Sutton?' Christina curtsied at the front door of James' house once she had climbed out of her carriage and met Mary's approach. Mary had heard her arriving without being advised of it by any of her servants.
		'You are welcome, whoever you might be.' Mary smiled as she held out a welcoming hand to what was clearly a lady of equal importance to herself.
		'I am Lady Christina Norfolk from France, wife of Sir Henry Norfolk, though only just!' She failed to elaborate on the meaning of her sarcasm as her listener creased her forehead in confusion. 'You do not know me but you might be aware of me if I tell you that my cousin is or was Rachel Hanover.' She watched the smile of greeting drain from Mary's face. 'I can see, and I can understand that this might be a shock to you.' Christina turned her head and found that her escorts were becoming very agitated over the delay to their return to Oxford. 'Let me be quite clear on this,' she turned her attention back to Lady Mary, 'I am no threat to you. I do not condone what my cousin did and I make no judgement on her actions. I have called on Sarah Richmond and her sister and it would have been very remiss of me to ride past your home and not call on you.'
		'That was kind of you and you were quite right to do so,'  Mary replied though she had no idea why she said it. 'Please will you come in?'
		'For a moment only,' Christina smiled, 'for we must return to Oxford today. Oxfordshire is becoming a very dangerous place for royalist soldiers, especially on the London Road. I know your household supports the king so we are safer here than we were at Warrick House.' She nodded her head towards Sarah's house. 'Please send servants to my men with food for them and water for the horses.' She had made quite certain that her escort had heard her requests before she followed Lady Mary into the house.
		With a cup of wine handed to her almost as soon as she entered the Great Hall, she again made her excuses not to stay longer than she needed to.
		'I will not bother you with a long story about why I am here, although you might guess most of it for yourself.' She made her excuse. 'Is your son James at home?'
		'No,' Mary shook her head. 'He is seldom at home these days because of his duties to the King's army.'
		 'Well,' Christina nodded her understanding, 'I would be grateful if you could pass on a message to him when next you see him?'
		'Of course,' Mary smiled. 'If and when I next see him.'
		'I would search for him in Oxford myself but do not feel comfortable wandering round the streets of that city.'
		'No of course not,' Mary assured her as she turned round to issue instructions to a male servant who had just arrived by her side. 'And your message is?'
		'To invite him to come and see me when he is next in the city.'
		'I see,' Mary stared at her and for the first time noticed her gloved hand which she thought odd since the left hand had no glove on it.
		'For companionship,' Christina hastened to add as she saw the look of suspicion wash over Mary's face. 'I am alone in Oxford, indeed I am alone in England and would be glad of the company.'
		'And where might he find you?'
		'At Rachel's house, she was after all my cousin and her sister Maria has said I can use her house.'
		'I will pass on your message,' Mary assured her as she found in Christina's face a little of Rachel's good looks. 'Why are you here in England at all?' She finally threw in the question which had been troubling her.
		'To find the truth behind my cousin's death, and I think I have done that,' she sipped her wine rather than gulp it as she so often did. 'And to find Rachel's body if such a think is  possible.' She did not admit to having already found it as she watched through the window as her escort and their horses made full use of the hospitality offered to them.
		'And did you find her body?' Mary asked without being too interested in what had happened to the body of the woman who had killed her husband - Sir Thomas.
		'No.' She lied rather than admit to the fact that Rachel was just over the hill in Warrick churchyard – a secret which she might use at a later date to her own advantage.
		'A pity,' Mary also lied as she too watched the activity outside, 'Rachel was the cause of so much heartache to our family and to Sarah who you no doubt dislike...'
		'…..I haves no opinion one way or another when it comes to Sarah,' Christina lied again as she drained her cup and watched a servant who was hurrying by with more wine.
		'Be that as it may your cousin was a disaster for us.' Mary finished making her point. 'But I do accept that you had to find out the truth about her.'
		'So you will pass my message on the James?' Christina began to drink her wine rather quicker than was usual – and this time it was for courage.
		'I will,' Mary nodded, 'you seem a decent woman and I would be glad to have you as a companion to my son who has been very much alone since he abandoned Rachel and her murderous activities.'
		'There is much for you and I to talk about,' Christina clearly had no intention of ever doing such a thing, 'but that is for another time.' She continued to throw in her untruths.
		'I look forward to it.'
		'Another time as you say.' Christina drank the rest of her wine and unintentionally crashed the cup on the table. 'Rachel has clearly hurt you more than anyone can imagine and I can only apologise on behalf of our family.' She admitted without any intent in it at all. 
		 'When do you intend to go back to France?'
		'I do not know.' Christina finally found something to say which was not a lie.
		'If memory serves me,' Mary thought long and hard as she saw out of the window that Christina's escort were ready to depart, 'you said earlier that you were “only just” married to Henry Norfolk?'
		'He has a mistress and together they live in York, I will not elaborate on that save to say that our marriage was destroyed by Rachel and so I too have good reason for despising her.' Again the lies came back and it was clear from the look on Mary's face that she did not believe Christina. 'On the other hand,' the younger woman continued, 'perhaps Rachel did me some service by revealing just what kind of a man my husband is.'
		'Perhaps she did but I am not party to the finer details of your story, and I do not think I want to be.'
		'And if you did know I think you would be discrete. You are careful with your words and for that I thank you.' Christina began to chew the corner of her mouth. 'So I must bid you farewell. My thanks to you for offering to pass on my invitation to James,' Christina smiled, and it wasn't a pleasant smile as she began to make plans in her mind for how she might use Lady Mary's son to her own advantage.

Some minutes later Christina and her entourage abandoned Sutton Manor in exchange for the open road back to Oxford and as they did so Christina waved a weak farewell hand from her carriage window back towards Lady Mary who stood alone on her carriageway.

Two days earlier on the eleventh of June General Fairfax had summoned Sir Thomas Glemham, governor of Oxford, to surrender the city which was why Christina and her escort were in such a precarious position geographically by riding to their present location - they were, therefore glad to be on their way back to Oxford. 
Christina was pleased with her day's work. She had met the infamous Sarah and, although unplanned, had also met Susanna. She had secured an assurance that James would call upon her at Rachel's house and that was much more pleasing than having to make repeat journeys herself to the Bird of Prey in the hope of finding him. She had no idea what Rachel had done to James during their chaotic and physical relationship, but what she was sure of was that, as s French woman, she would delight and satisfy James more than Rachel had and as a result she would gain more from him than her cousin ever had.



















7 . THE BIRD OF PREY AND RACHELS HOUSE
24th MAY 1645 – OXFORD

Hurrying her way around the dark and narrow streets of the city of Oxford, and away from her temporary home, Christina emerged  from the airless and oppressive confines of the streets. and found herself in the wide expanse of a market square which was adjacent to an inn which she had heard of but never visited - "The Bird Of Prey".  

The hot spring sun in a blue cloudless sky beat down on the heavy stone roof of the inn and for a moment there was a welcome faint breeze which felt its way around the suffocating narrow streets and the tall walls of the inn.

Christina had avoided going to the Bird of Prey for as long as she could for a lady of her standing would not normally be seen in such a place. She was not to know yet just how much such protocol had not bothered her cousin Rachel. Today Christina felt the need for company and Cowpepper, although he poured scorn on her even mentioning going to such a place, had to admit that it was a foregone conclusion that Christina would find a gentleman or two at the inn.

Wearing a blue heavy velvet gown for she had nothing lighter, and her hair loose in dark red ringlets, Christina sat at a table which was well away from the door of the inn. And although she could not know it, she had chosen the same table that Rachel had used some years before when she first set eyes on James.

		'What can I get for you my Lady?' a dark haired, attractive wench arrived at Christina's table.
		'Wine if you would be so kind,' Christina stared at the girl's green eyes, and then as the girl disappeared she turned her attention to a royalist cavalry officer drinking not too far away from her. She was not to know that she was looking at Ned.
		It was not long before the serving girl arrived back at Christina's table having weaved her way round most of the other tables including the one where a handsome young man sat quietly with his ale, but not so quiet as to avoid running a hand over the girl as she passed him by.
		'What is your name?' Christina asked the girl as the wine was placed on the table.
		'Rebecca.' The wench did not hesitate with her answer as she wiped some unseen dirt from her mouth with the back of her hand.
		'Well, Rebecca,' Christina smiled in her direction, 'you look like you are a girl who knows this part of the city well enough including this inn?'
		'Some things I know and some I do not.' Was the strange and unexpected, perhaps defensive answer which fell from Rebecca's lips.
		'I would suggest,' Christina placed her gloved hand on Rebecca's open naked hand on the table, 'that you do know that man over there, the one who just touched you.' She opened her fist to reveal a small amount of coins now resting in Rebecca's palm – coins that were both payment for the wine and payment for information.
		'Captain Edward Carter, also known as Ned.' the girl did not hesitate to reveal.
		'Then please be so kind as to ask him to make company with me and bring more of what he is drinking.'
		Rebecca wiped her nose with the back of her hand before making her way over to Ned and almost touching his ear with her lips as she whispered something to him. A moment later she had abandoned him and made her way once more into the dark interior of the inn.
		It wasn't long before Ned lowered himself onto the seat facing Christina splashing a little of his ale as he did so. 'My Lady,' he took her left gloved hand and kissed it – Christina had been most careful not to offer her right hand.
		'Lady Norfolk.' Christina answered his unasked question. 'Christina Norfolk.'
		'Not any relation to Sir Henry Norfolk?'
		'I am afraid so,' she sighed, 'but enough of that, the girl tells me you are known as Ned?'
		'Yes,' he smiled over his shoulder, 'even Rebecca could remember that.'
		'Well I am pleased to make your acquaintance especially as I had resigned myself to sitting here all day alone.'
		'So too had I,' he smiled. 'Are you alone in Oxford?'
'Not any more.' She was surprised at her boldness, but was rapidly becoming use to it.
		'And where are you staying?' He assumed that she was staying at an inn.
		'In my house,' she said as if he should have known that.
		'I see.' He tried to remember if he had watched her arrive at the inn and if so from which direction she came.
		'Well you can find where I live when you escort me home a little later for the temperature out here is becoming rather too much, do you not agree?'
		'Agree with what?' he sought clarification, 'agree with escorting you home or that the weather is hot?'
		'Well both,' she hesitated. 'I am not in the habit of asking strangers to come with me but I am ill at ease walking around the narrow streets of Oxford which I am only now becoming use to.'
		'So be it,' he drained his tankard as more ale and wine arrived on the table in front of him from the grubby hands of Rebecca and her smile. 'Whenever you are ready we shall leave this place together and I will enjoy your company.'
		'And I yours.' She began to silently make plans for the evening.
		'Are you not hot with your gloves on?' He poured her more of the newly arrived wine.
		'No.' She lied as she reminded herself that for now she would be unwise to show him her deformed hand because unusually for her she had suddenly become embarrassed by it, and to leave the glove on but remove the other glove would have invited more questions from her new found friend. ‘Do you normally drink alone?’ She changed the subject.
		‘No.’ he stretched out his legs before drinking more of his ale. ‘I normally pass the time in this place with others,’
		‘Well I am not so fortunate as you, I am utterly alone in this city, or I was until now.’
		‘So Oxford is not your home?’
		‘No. I have for some years lived in France, near Orleans to be precise.’
		‘Well you are a long way from home.’
		‘Yes I am,’ she agreed having decided that it was going to be pointless ignoring any reference to Rachel and her house, ‘but my journey was necessary.’
		‘Why?’ He looked into her green eyes.
		‘To learn the truth,’ she found herself opening up to him.
		‘The truth about what?’
		‘About why and how my cousin was executed.’ She matched his stare with one of her own as she found that his eyes  were the same colour as her own.
		‘Would I know her?’
		‘Rachel Hanover. I am living in her house.’ She gave away two valuable pieces of information which she hoped would draw more out of him. She was not to be disappointed.
		‘Well this is most awkward for me,’ he looked a little shocked as he let out a nervous cough.
		'Why?'
		'Because I am the one who arrested her,’

Now it was Christina’s turn to look shocked and she could so easily have ended their conversation there and then but she decided not to do so for she had made a friend and she didn’t want to lose him so soon for something which was not his fault.

		‘Well no doubt you were only doing your duty?’ She found a poor excuse for his actions.
		‘I suppose so, and yes I was only doing what needed to be done and the only other person who could have done it was Captain James Sutton, my very good friend. And he would not do it.’

It took a lot to shock Christina, and in fact she could not remember when she had last been lost for words since she had found Rachel being bedded by her husband. Her situation now was so different for by chance she had found and made what appeared to be a good relationship with the friend of the very man who she wanted to meet. She swallowed hard and took a calming mouthful of her wine as Ned watched her beautiful throat before allowing his wandering eyes to fall to her equally beautiful breasts. 

		‘No I can see why he would not do it.’ She nodded as she cast her mind back to his story.
		‘So you know the whole story?’ He tore his eyes from her breasts and concentrated instead on her face.
		‘As much as I care to, no more than that.’ She began to tire of this part of their conversation as she found herself looking at him more intently than she should have done, ‘I do not mean to sound so vague or disinterested but suffice it to say that I know enough,’
		‘But you have not met James as yet?’ Ned had no idea why he expected her to say yes.
		‘No.’ She was very firm in her reply as she watched a bead of sweat run down his face from underneath his black curly hair, ‘I would like to see him so that I can offer my apologies for what my cousin did to his father.’ She finished with a lie.
		‘Well you may be able to meet him sooner than you had hoped for he has planned to be back in Oxford tomorrow.’
		‘And would he call at his home before coming here? She asked hopefully.
		‘He usually does.’
		‘Well that is settled then.’ She sat upright and almost breathed a sigh of relief. ‘I was at Sutton Manor yesterday and left a note with his mother for him to call upon me as soon as he returned to this city.’

The next few minutes were spent in idle chatter about France and in particularly the Orleans region where she lived, about her husband and about the war, and all during their conversation Christina found that her likeness for Ned was growing in intensity His boyish good looks tugged at her heart and her sexual desire for she had not been with a man for a very long time, and such feelings needed to be satisfied.

With the heat falling from the stone roofs into the voids between the houses, Christina and Ned made their way back to Rachel’s house and although she had not said anything to him about where she was living Christina found to her slight amusement by giving him sideways glances that he was beginning to realise that she was living in Rachel’s old house.
		‘You are either surprised, shocked or amused to find me living in Rachel’s house are you not?’ Christina smiled at him as she comforted herself with her left arm nestled between his right arm and his athletic warm body.
		'I do not know what I feel,' he looked up at the huge façade of her house, 'this lane was usually well worn by James not me.'
		'Well,'  she smiled at him with white teeth, 'that was in times gone by. You are not James and I am not Rachel but my need for you is not in anyway diminished because of it.' She was rather shocked at being so outspoken. 'Come,' she hammered on her own door, 'I have a plentiful supply of wine to share with you and food if you feel the need. Master Cowpepper - the ever dependable Master Cowpepper - has seen to that.'
		'Food is the last thing on my mind,' He smiled at her as once again his eyes focused on her breasts. 'The wine will do very well though'.
		'I agree,' she wet her lips with the tip of her tongue, 'food is of little interest to me but the wine will be good.'
		 The increasingly dependable Elisabeth dragged open the door and as she did so a draught of air escaped from the inside of the house – air which was warmer than even the oppressive heat in the streets outside.
		
It mattered not if either of them wanted food or not, Elisabeth had arranged that it would be placed on the table in the Great Hall should either of them feel the need for such sustenance.

		'Do you entertain often?' Ned asked as he removed his sword, gloves and leather jacket.
		'I have not been here long enough to entertain,' she deliberately avoided telling him that Carlisle had visited her as she forgot herself and removed both of her gloves. 'You are here tonight and that will satisfy me.' She ignored the outrageousness of her words as she sat at the head of her table and made to take some cold meat from the large dish in front of her. Ned sat close to her.
		'I thought you were not hungry for food?' Ned put his hand on her right wrist and for the first time noticed her deformity. 'Such a pity for one so beautiful.' He lifted her hand and kissed it.
		'I have a temper,' she examined his face, 'I warn you.' She did not elaborate further.
		'You warn me to be wary of you because of your tendency to violence?'
		'Not at all, you must do what comes naturally to you especially if it's for the sake of my pleasure.' Her eyes set on his firm chest which she could see through his open shirt.
		'I have it on good authority that you French women know how to please a man?' His lips neared hers.
		'Master Carter you must not believe everything you hear.' She lied as she allowed her own lips to close in on his.
		'Are you in need of anything else for your table My Lady?' Elisabeth coughed after making an unseen silent entrance and coming upon their intimacy.
		'No,' Christina broke off what had almost been a kiss, 'that will be all for today.' She found herself almost embarrassed by the interruption. 'The rest of the day is your own.'
		'Until you are ready to be undressed for bed?'
		'No, I think I may be capable of doing that myself,' she smiled first at Elisabeth and then sideways at Ned.

The evening was spent in blissful contentment talking over a host of subjects but all the while knowing that they felt great passion for each other. As the last rays of the sun left the street outside in near darkness they were able to congratulate each other for having shown much restraint for how they really felt towards each other, for there was little doubt that they would spend the night together.

With a brief interlude for an elderly servant entering to light candles in the Great Hall just as he had done upstairs before being dismissed by Christina for the night, the house fell to a warm glow from the candles and a servant free environment in those parts of the house which the young couple could reasonably expect to use that night, 

After consuming more wine than some might consider was sensible, Christina and Ned later found themselves in each others arms at the end of the table in the Great Hall with her buttocks pressed firmly against the edge of the table and her legs apart and Ned's hips and his eagerness pushing into her. Both were still fully clothed but not for long as Christina's hand found what she both wanted and desired. His clothing mattered not for she could feel that he needed her, but she wouldn't let him do as he pleased with her yet and not in the Great Hall, and not without taking the lead herself.

A few moments later a scene reminiscent of a similar one some years before between James and Rachel, now repeated itself on the long grand staircase which led to Christina's bedchamber. In a matter of a minute Ned had her on her back on the stairs with her gown above her waist, but then she cried out in desperation for him to stop and the eager couple found their way into her room.

Just as she had silently sworn she would Christina took the initiative by removing his clothes and pushing him onto the bed before sitting astride his thighs with her gown once again heaped around her own thighs. His hands found the neck-line of her gown and in a moment the garment was open and her breasts were a delightful prey for his hot mouth, but she was not ready for that – not yet, or so she thought. His hand found its way between her legs as her determination to control him faded from her mind and she succumbed to the movement of his fingers. He withdrew his hand and with determined ease lifted her buttocks above his thighs so that he might enter her, and as he did so she let out a gasp of pleasure before grinding her teeth in delight. She was now even more determined to do what she had told herself she would, but that would have to be later. For now he had her where he wanted her and she was awash with the delight which it gave her. Some time later and with her body still trembling from the peak of satisfaction which he had produced with his seed inside her she ached for him to repeat the act. With a delighted calmness washing over her body she decided that now was the time for her to control his eagerness which was bound to erupt again. She made up her mind not to let him rest and was determined to make him want her again almost straight away. And for that she was thankful that he was young. As she slipped from him and fell onto her knees with her back arched above his warm sweating body she ran her hot tongue over her lips and did what she had silently vowed she would do. She leaned over him and her lips found below his waist what she knew he wanted but had not necessarily expected so soon and she smiled at the noises of pleasure that came from his open mouth as her mouth was open no more when she found what she wanted.

Their love making that night was all that Ned could have hoped for and he was pleased that she was true to her word when she had said she would control him and show him what a French woman could do in bed.

As she lay awake in his arms with the morning sun starting to break into her room, she encountered a feeling of confusion in her thoughts. She had made such plans about what to do in England about the “murder” of her cousin Rachel, but none of these plans included Ned or any other man for that matter who might desire her. Her plans needed altering so that she might enjoy a night or two more of pleasure with her new-found lover. She had no idea that she was about to repeat the previous night's events with another who would very much suit her planning and scheming.



























8. RETURN TO THE LAIR
25th  MAY 1645 – OXFORD

Hurrying down the street in the direction of Rachel's house created a myriad of feelings in James' mind for although it felt like an eternity since he had last left his footprints on this street in truth it was not long at all yet so much had happened since that time.
		Gone were the pleasures of excitement that had always washed through his mind during most visits he had made on Rachel. The emotions which now filled his head were those of anticipation at meeting another woman in the same house.
		It was mid-afternoon and the air was again warm just as it had been for the last few days. The heat of the day had slowed his progress from Sutton Manor from where he had been given a note by his mother – a note written by some stranger called Lady Christina Norfolk – the note had been accompanied by a brief description of the woman by his mother Lady Mary.
		Quite apart from the unexpected note which he had received from his mother, he had been glad to reach home for what turned out to be just one night of rest after his duties with the King's army. Whilst he was a little concerned that he had not seen his friend Ned for some days, he was more concerned about where the next battle would take place and what its outcome would be. James, like many of his fellow officers had an increasing awareness of the ever improving capabilities of Parliament's New Model Army under Fairfax and Cromwell – an army which was growing in experience and training every day.

It wasn't long before James had covered almost the full length of the street and arrived at Rachel's front door which of course he knew was no longer Rachel's at all. He paused for just a moment before hammering on the door as he put his ear to the timber to see if he could hear anything from inside. Finally he gave way to the inevitable and hammered on the door a second time – an act which brought the familiar sounds of locks and bolts being unfastened.
		'Yes Sir?' A familiar voice called to him through the ever increasing gap which grew between the now unlocked door and its frame. 'Master James?' The familiar voice was now a friendly voice as she recognised him and threw open the door.
		'Elisabeth?' James smiled. 'Thank God for a friendly face after what has happened.'
		'You are welcome Sir, and my new mistress is expecting you.' She returned his smile.
		'Ah yes.' James brought himself back to the present. 'Your new mistress. Lady Christina Norfolk?'
		'The same Sir, and I think you will like her, I do and she has been so kind to me.'
		'Forgive me for not referring to times gone by?' James removed his hat and gloves and finally his sword.
		'I only have good memories of my Lady Rachel,' Elisabeth fixed her eyes on the sweat marks on his open necked shirt. 'She also was good to me. I know nothing of politics and war or what she did that was so wrong that she was put to death.'
		'I admire the simplicity of your feelings and understandings,' James was sympathetic to her plight.
		'You are hot,' Elisabeth cleverly changed the subject. 'If you go into the Great Hall I will bring water and linen so you can wash – and I will bring ale or wine whichever you prefer?' She finished with her question.
		'Ale would be good,' James nodded. 'I regret to say that it would take far too much wine to cool me down.' He accepted her invitation to go into the Great Hall. 'And where is Lady Norfolk?' he stopped and turned before reaching the Great Hall.
		'Upstairs changing into something a little cooler. Like you she is hot and getting rather fed up with the unusually warm weather.' And with that Elisabeth disappeared into the depths of the house.
		James watched her go and thought how thankful she must have been to be wearing what appeared to be only a thin full length linen dress with bib and apron. A moment later he was in the Great Hall with his shirt stripped off and staring at a whole host of memories. The paintings above the fire, the large heavy oak table and the chair which Rachel always loved and always swore was comfortable.
 
Elizabeth was quick to bring James his water for washing and his ale to drink and she was quick also to avert her eyes from his naked torso although her presence seemed not to bother him, a fact which came from washing in the open with so many other soldiers in front of the women who followed the army.

		'My dear Elizabeth,' James turned to her, 'forgive me for my uncouth army habits, I had no right to exhibit myself in front of you.' He watched her place wine on the table which no doubt was for her Mistress.
		'Then you are forgiven,' she smiled as he dried and put his shirt back on - she poured his ale whilst still averting her eyes from his handsome good looks and equally handsome body. He could see that her cheeks had some colour to them which wasn't there minutes before.
		'Will your mistress be long?' he questioned her as he swallowed a large mouthful of what turned out to be a very good ale.
		'I am just going upstairs to her now to finish her hair,' she made to leave the room, 'she is hopeless without me.' She joked.

With Elisabeth gone James again set his eyes on the paintings above the fireplace and in particularly the one of Rachel's mother and he wondered just how she had felt when it came to writing to her daughter Rachel to tell her who her father really was. It had come as a shock to him when he had found out through Ned about the truth behind Lord Hanover not being Rachel's father and the even more surprising fact that her father had been Sir John Richmond, a fact which made her and Sarah half-sisters.

		'Dear James?' a voice with a French accent called out from the doorway which led to the stairs.
		James turned and fixed his eyes on a very magnificent Christina looking splendid in a cream satin dress.
		'Forgive me,' he quickly covered the distance between himself and her and took her left hand which was the only one she offered him, 'I am not so splendidly dressed as you are.'
		'No forgiveness is required,' she smiled. 'I have not been riding for hours in this oppressive heat whereas you clearly have.' She forgave him. 'Although sometimes I wish I could ride for hours myself instead of being stuck in this place trying to understand a family tragedy.'
		'Ah yes,' James nodded, 'a tragedy indeed, full of surprises and revelations. May I pour you some wine which Elisabeth has thought to bring you?' 
		'You know Elisabeth?' Christina screwed up her nose.
		'Yes, she was here during your cousin's time.'
		'Of course,' she nodded. 'Well I cannot fault her so I can only assume that Rachel had good taste....'
		'...as far as the choice of her servants was concerned, yes.' James interrupted her by finishing her sentence as he poured a cup of wine for her.
		'And the choice of her lovers?' She smiled at him without expecting an answer.
		'I did of course receive your note from my mother.' James refused to answer her suggestive question. 'So you are Lady Christina Norfolk?' He offered her the full wine cup.
		'I still cling to my title, yes.' She did not go on to elaborate as she took the wine cup.
		'I detected a French accent? Was I imagining it?'
		'No you were not imagining it. I was born in France and have lived for some time near Orleans.'
		'With your husband?' James had no idea if he wanted her to say yes or to say no.
		'For some years alone as Harry has chosen to live on his estates in Yorkshire and to take a mistress.'
		'I see.' was all that James could find to say.
		'We are as guilty as each other.' She decided to offer an explanation. 'He had an affair with Rachel whom I punished by stabbing her with a knife....'
		'….into her breast' James gave her a half-smile as visions of Rachel's body entered his mind after being absent from his thoughts for so long.
		'You know the story then?' She didn't expect an answer and she didn't get one. 'Well I am not entirely innocent myself for I have not often slept alone after Harry left me. He did leave me of course for Rachel was just the first of many.' She finished with a smile as she tried to work out whether she had said that to James as an invitation or not. She took a mouthful of her wine and transferred her cup to her right hand and remembered too late.
		'The only part of you which is not perfect'. He excused her missing finger in the cleverest way that he could. 'Such a pity.'
		'I was born this way.' She lied but not very well.
		'I do not think so.' His eyes fixed on the green of her own eyes. 'From what I hear the story goes that you were wounded badly when you attacked Rachel? Is that the result?' His eyes fixed on her right hand.
		'Yes.' She gave into him and at last took another large mouthful of her wine as she moved their conversation on to another subject. 'Can I get one thing straight in my mind?' She decided that she would not get any closer to him tonight.
		'Which is?'
		'Exactly who was responsible for condemning Rachel?' The softness in her voice had gone. 'Who spoke out against her? Not you?'
		'No not I.'
		'Then who?' Her persistence would not be brushed aside. 'Sarah?' She cocked her head to one side.
		'A whore from the Bird of Prey, who is now dead. A stable-boy from my home and he is also dead, and yes, Sarah.'
		'Thank you.' She turned her back on him long enough for him to place his hands on her shoulders which made her shiver with excitement. She turned sideways and allowed her lips to meet his, but not for long. 'I am not ready for this James,' she lied, 'not yet anyway.' She could hardly admit to being sexually exhausted from her night with Ned and sexually aroused by James' closeness to her.

James took his hands from her shoulders and returned to his ale. Christina followed him to the table where they sat and talked about the last three years and talked especially about Rachel and his relationship with her. As the day progressed Christina heard a caller at her front door and Elisabeth answer it. She was clever enough to hear both James' voice and the voice from the door which she recognised as Carlisle's. She was pleased to see that James appeared not to recognise the voice.

As the day reached out towards evening James started to make his excuses about having to leave on the King's business, and Christina was rather glad for she was eager to hear from Elisabeth what Carlisle had wanted. In any case she had now made up her mind that her one target for vengeance over Rachel's death was Sarah Richmond and the only possible person who might be able to and might be willing to help her was Carlisle so with that in mind she felt some urgency in talking to him.

Once James had left her with a kiss on her hand – a kiss which was far longer than it should have been without stirring her feelings for him, she closed the door as his back vanished down the lane and towards the Bird of Prey. Having bitten her bottom lip with her teeth through sexual arousement and touched her lips with the tips of her own fingers, she waited for her heart beat to slow down before calling out for Elisabeth.

		'I Take it that was Captain Lancaster at our door?' She asked in a confused state about using the name Lancaster or Carlisle.
		'He wishes to see you again,' the girl nodded, 'and you can find him at the inn.'
		'Not the Bird of Prey? He specifically said I was not to call for him at the Bird of Prey?'
		'No, ' Elisabeth shook her head, 'not at the Bird of Prey. You are to go to another inn “The Prisoner's Lookout” which he said was safer.'
		'”The Prisoner's Lookout”?' She repeated but not really as a question.
		'Yes,' the girl nodded, 'it overlooks the prison.'
		'Yes I had gathered that.' Christina smiled at the girl's vague innocence.

Still wearing her immaculate cream gown with its split up the front to her waist, Christina stepped out into the warm evening and headed to where Elisabeth had told her the gaol could be found. As she stepped out from the confines of the lane which had carried her some considerable distance she found herself faced with a huge dark building with bars at the windows  and a little way to the left of her an inn which she had never before visited. She stood still for a moment as she allowed a tear to form in one eye as she caught sight of an execution scaffold to her right, and given that it was most unlikely that there would be more that one execution scaffold in the vicinity of the gaol it must have been where her cousin Rachel had died.

		'Not quite as quick as I had hoped but you are here now.' A familiar voice whispered in her left ear as she continued to fix her eyes on the scaffold. 
		Christina was shocked to find Carlisle standing next to her for she had not heard his approach.
		'I was otherwise occupied when you called.' She admitted.
		'Yes I know you were,' he scratched his beard, 'you were with James, I recognised his voice.'
		'You did?'
		'He has this uncanny knack of calling on females at the same time as me. He was once a thorn in my side when I called upon your cousin. In fact he interrupted what promised to be a most intimate moment between Rachel and I.' He smiled.
		'I doubt that.' Christina refused to believe him.
		'I have a jug of wine to share,' he changed the subject, 'so please sit with me here and look out at the fine view we have.' He nodded towards the execution scaffold.
		'I care not to look at that any longer,' she turned and headed towards his table. 'It is clearly where my cousin died.' She made up her mind to take control of their conversation. 'You might remember that when you called on me we agreed that we had an understanding together and I would call upon you when I needed you?' She encouraged a response from him.
		'I remember,' he drank his wine as the hot evening sun beat down on his face, 'and now you have need of me?'
		'Yes.' She screwed up her forehead.
		'But I called on you just now, not the other way round.'
		'Yes why was that?'
		'Because I must leave Oxford for a while on military matters.'
		'Parliament's military matters or those of the king?' She teased him.
		'Parliament of course.'
		'Well now I have need of you if you can fit me in with Parliament's need for your duties.' She watched his face as he drank and was satisfied that he was listening to her. 'I have considered all the information about my cousin’s death and have decided that the one person who is still alive and still to answer for giving evidence against Rachel is Sarah Richmond.'
		'So you want to do her some harm?' he put down his cup of wine as he let his eyes wander towards a serving wench nearby.
		'Yes, and only you can help. I need some ideas from you as to what I can do?'
		'And what, prey, will the payment be?' His eyes abandoned the wench and fixed instead on Christina, but not her eyes.
		'Whatever money you have need of.'
		'It could cost you a sizeable fortune.' He could not take his eyes from her breasts.
		'It matters not,' Christina dismissed the problem, 'whatever the amount might be it will come from my the estate of my troublesome husband.'
		'You look good in cream.' He appeared to have completely changed the subject, but not quite. 'I have no need for money so perhaps we can come to some other arrangement?'
		'If that is what it takes,' she sucked in a mouthful of air as she realised how serious he was about using her.
		'You may imagine,' he finally took his eyes from her body having more or less told her that he would have his way with her if she wanted his help, 'that I am carefree or offhand when it comes to matters which you think are of the utmost seriousness.' Christina listened intently to him. 'Well it is the only way that I can get by in these times of war.'
		'I understand,' she nodded. 'At least I think I do.'
		'I have been giving much thought to your situation for it was quite clear to me that, just like Rachel, you were out for revenge over somebody, anybody, for the murder of your cousin.' he had summed her up very well indeed.
		'Well I would not have put it quite like that but yes.' She finally picked up her wine.
		'What we need,' he began to concentrate on the subject in hand, 'is some kind of hard evidence which we can place in Sarah's House which will make the king's men convince themselves that she is working for Parliament as a spy.'
		'I understand.' Christina nodded. 'Hard evidence such as what?'
		'Documents written in the king's hand or by those close to him, or Prince Rupert.'
		'Well that is impossible surely?'
		'I beg to differ.' He sipped more of his wine. 'But it will call for courage on your part for I cannot do this thing alone.'
		'I have the courage,' she was steadfast in her resolve.
		'You will be in great danger.'
		'I have often been in great danger.' She placed a half-smile across her lips, 'And I have always survived. Now what do I have to do?'
		'The king puts all of his personal belongings, letters and documents in his baggage train and that baggage train goes everywhere with his army. The baggage train is guarded at all times and with it are what they call “followers”,'
		'Even in France I have heard of such women.' Christina nodded as it began to dawn on her what he was suggesting.
		'And they are not there for their charm or attractiveness.'
		'You need not say more,' Christina swallowed hard, 'I know why they are there.'
		'And it is because of that,' he was satisfied that she had understood his meaning, 'that they are welcome at the baggage train with no questions asked.'
		'So I must become one of these “followers”?' Christina asked the question which she already had the answer to.
		'Dirty,' he nodded, 'roughly dressed and badly spoken,' he continued, ' and prepared to do anything and everything that is expected or asked of them.'

For the next few minutes they discussed the finer points of his plans and although what he wanted of her disgusted her she knew that it was the only way she would achieve what she needed to implicate Sarah as an enemy of the King. Finally he drained the last of the wine from his cup, climbed to his feet and took her hand in his and kissed it. The fact that he had taken her deformed hand seemed to no longer matter to Christina but his next remark did matter to her.
		'My lips are on your hand for now. The next time, and at a time of my choosing it will not be your hand where my lips fall.' He grinned.
		Christina made the decision not to challenge him again on this subject because she needed him to carry out what he had planned, and whilst it might be unsavoury for her she had no choice in the matter,
		'I will return for you when the time and place of the next battle is better known and I will find you at the appropriate time during the battle when you can give me the documents and I will carry you to safety.'
		As she watched him disappear into the narrow lanes from where she herself had come, she considered her options now that he had set his plans in motion. She could do everything that he demanded of her and so achieve what she wanted to achieve in the way of revenge, or she could leave Oxford for good, leave England and return to France untouched by those who she disliked so much and unsoiled by strangers at the baggage train.
		This she would not do for she had no desire to return to France - not yet anyway.
























9. LEAVING OXFORD
10th  - 11th  JUNE 1645 – OXFORD

James called on Christina at her house under a bright blue sky early on the morning of what promised to be another warm clear day which would make the weather ideal for a ride in the countryside around Oxford. A ride in the countryside is what James had planned the two of them should do in the hope that their relationship would go further than it had on their first meeting. He had been very much attracted to Christina the first time he had met her and perhaps a little disappointed that their relationship had not developed any further that night.

Having knocked on her door he waited for what he thought was an appropriate period of time before knocking again, but the second knock was pointless as Elisabeth slowly opened the door as his knuckles struck the solid dark wood.
		'Hello Elisabeth,' his eyes set on her young face. 'Did your mistress get my note which I handed to you.....'
		'...about an hour ago, yes,' she smiled her interruption. 'Lady Christina is almost ready.'
		'I am ready.' A scarlet clad Christina took the edge of the door from Elisabeth and presented herself to the bright daylight of the street outside and so relieved Elisabeth of any need to hold on to the door. 'So you did get my note then?' She smiled at him.
		'You look delightful,' he bowed, took her right hand in his and kissed it as he put her question to one side for a moment and Elisabeth hid behind her mistress.
		'Kind words indeed Sir.' she smiled again and ran the tip of her tongue over her lips. 'And your own appearance very much pleases my eye. Your handsome boots, leather jacket and all finished off with your Royalist crimson sash.'
		'To match the crimson of your riding gown of course.' He teased her. 'And yes I did get your note just as you got mine.'
		'Do I take it,' Christina let her thoughts take over her words, 'that you consider it safe to ride in the countryside around Oxford? And I am concerned for your safety not mine. I had heard that the land around here was overrun with your enemies?'
		'Not any longer,' he had his reply ready, 'Fairfax and his army have abandoned their siege of this city and headed north, or so I am told.'
		'Then we are safe.' And this was not a question. 'I am glad to hear it.'
		'Make no mistake about it,' he suddenly grew quite serious, 'you talk of my enemies not yours but you yourself are not safe riding around the countryside. It would take very little for you to be overcome by drunken soldiers from either army.'
		'Then I will take my chance Sir because I have you to protect me.'
		' I have a very reasonable grey for you to ride today,' he changed the subject by holding out his left hand as a sort of a pointer to the right of her house where two horses fidgeted and stamped their hooves in anticipation of a long overdue day of exercise.
		'Almost as handsome as your own.' She stepped outside leaving Elisabeth to hold the door as she approached James' black mare which she inspected with the eyes of a woman who clearly knew her horses well.
		'I regret to say it is not side-saddle as I expect you would have preferred,' he watched her examine the grey,' the fact is there is no side-saddle to be had in the city.'
		'It does not surprise me,' she looked at the comfortable leather saddle. 'You are quite wrong to suppose I would have preferred such a saddle for I am use to riding as a man does and as such I chose this riding gown of Rachel's which was made for riding with legs astride.  
		'Well I am pleased to have satisfied you,' he watched her lips turn to a smile in one corner only, 'and I hope that the day will continue well.'
		'I hope so to, and I will let you know at the end of the day if I am satisfied, but I am convinced that you will not fail me in that respect.' The smile then spread across both sides of her mouth.

Less than thirty minutes later James and Christina were riding side by side on the rough track which led north out of Oxford towards Woodstock – she was not to know how important that road would be in the days to come and how disastrous it would be for her.

Christina felt good riding side by side with the man whom she had decided she had claim too – both emotionally and because of the information which he clearly had about the Royalist military movements. Her cousin had made use of it months ago and Christina considered that she was well on her way to achieving revenge for the death of her cousin by using James the same way as Rachel had. The journey continued with talk about Christina's life in France, her fight with Rachel and her views – which amounted to almost nothing – about the rights and wrongs of the English Civil War. As they continued their talk James became concerned about Christina's confession to her catholic beliefs and for some reason he considered it to be a matter of concern in the current political climate, and the fact would become even more important if Parliament were to win the war. He did not divulge any of this to her which was fortunate for had he done so she might have confessed that she had already been given such a warning by Sarah Richmond.

After an hours ride James led Christina up the side of a green hill with an oak copse perched like a crown on the top. What James' intention was in climbing the hill Christina couldn't work out, all she knew was that she was becoming increasingly aroused sexually towards him. His constant closeness to her, the heat of the day and the heavy saddle between her legs all contributed to how she felt towards him. And she hoped that James had every intention of satisfying her desire for a unity with him before the day was done.

		'We must rest a while.' James chose an explanation for their diversion which Christina had no need of for she would have followed his anywhere. 'We cannot continue to ride all day  into the heart of England.' Just for a moment, and it was only a moment James' mind recalled the last occasion when he had led a woman up to the remoteness of a hill and prepared to help her join him on the ground. He had done this with Sarah when circumstances, and the hill, were different. His mind fell back to the present as his plans for the day were centred only on Christina and his feelings for her. As they neared the top of the hill with fine views across the countryside, James dismounted.
		'The horses need a rest from this heat.' He held out his arms as an invitation for her to join him. She obliged by slipping off her grey and into his arms. 'No need to secure them,' he referred to their horses, 'they will go nowhere in the lushness of the grass.' And with that he buried his lips on hers and felt the firmness of her breasts against his chest.
		A moment later James had removed his leather jacket, sash and sword as he watched a bead of perspiration run from the back of Christina's neck under her red hair and down to her cleavage. Although he was quite clearly aroused the intimacy of her closeness to him she was left in no doubt about her feelings when she allowed her hand to slip inside his breeches. The deserted hillside and contented horses were oblivious to James and Christina's feelings as the two of them slipped slowly to the ground and his hand lifted her gown and underskirts and chemise to find the warmth of the secrets of her body. It wasn't long before he had found the nakedness of her breasts with an urgent untying of laces at the back of her neck. James smiled as he found that the dampness at the back of her neck was only equalled by the same between her legs. Despite her being four years older than him James was not disappointed by her experienced French desire for him and it was not long before his need for her exploded deep inside her with a convulsive cry from her open mouth as her need for satisfaction was brought to conclusion.

When they returned to Oxford that evening there was no question of him not staying the night with her and not in any other bed than hers, but not before their exhausted bodies had been satisfied with cold food and a good wine urgently presented to the table in the Great Hall by the ever attentive Elisabeth. There was a humorous moment when James climbed to his feet from where he sat at her table and leant over her with the wine jug to refill her empty wine cup. Her lips were so close to him that all she had to do was whisper.
		'If you make even the slightest move towards not sleeping in my bed tonight I will kill you. The army and the king can wait for your services until I am finished with you myself.' Her full red lips fell to silence and closed on the aroma of wine from her mouth for no answer from him was needed.
		'The wine is good,' he slipped back into his chair, took her hand and kissed it, 'we shall drink much of it tonight and let our relaxation take us to where we want to go.'

After more than enough wine had passed over their lips, and both had felt the effects of it, they made a pathetic attempt at climbing the stairs to her room. The long staircase presented just two obstacles to their progress, a turn to the right after a dozen steps and then another turn to the right a few steps from the top. The obstacles took their toll on the two of them as she fell on top of him accompanied by loud laughter which she cared not that any of the servants might hear for she was too intoxicated to be concerned by it. Once in her room they gave each other as much assistance as their alcohol fuelled states would allow as they tore each others clothes from their stimulated bodies. As Christina's eyes caught the flicker of the candles at each side of her bed she thought back to a similar time a few days ago when she had been  in an almost identical position with Ned.

With the peaks of Christina's breasts giving out all the right signals James dragged her, naked and without resistance to her bed having quite skilfully and with one hand thrown her bedding to one side.
   		
The following morning, and with James having departed from her bed, from her warmth, and from her house early Christina roused herself and with a wine-induced headache, dragged herself to her gown and drank as much water from the jug which had been in her room all night as she could manage. Despite feeling a little sore she made her way down the long staircase where she met Elisabeth who, with a smile, handed her a folded note before abandoning her mistress for the kitchens.

Christina opened the note and quickly read it before giving out a frustrated grunt as she realised the meaning of its content. The note was from Carlisle and was asking her to be prepared to leave that day for a place which he called Woodstock. The reason for her frustrated grunting was because it would be on the same road as that which she had used the previous day but it wouldn't be finishing with the delights that she had experienced that day. Despite her annoyance she knew that she had to obey the note's instructions for the time had come, or so it appeared, to begin her journey of revenge and a journey of great danger. She knew she had a duty to continue where her cousin had been forced to leave incomplete and a duty also to implicate Sarah Richmond in some devilry and untruth which would spell the end of the woman.

The finer details of Carlisle's note instructed her to meet him at “The Northern Approach”, an inn eight miles north of Oxford and, for her safety, she was to be accompanied by Charlie the stable-boy from the livery stables – the same stables which she and James had used the previous day. Charlie had already been briefed on his tasks and paid rather handsomely by Carlisle. The last of the instructions was to ask her to bring the agreed change of clothing for her to use when she masqueraded as a “camp follower”. She was also instructed to bring anything she needed to make her face look something other than one which belonged to a lady.

There was a large trunk at the end of Christina's bed - a trunk which she had not used because she knew from a brief glance at it soon after she arrived at the house that it contained Rachel's possessions. Although the trunk had been locked it had not taken long for Christina to find the key and open it. With an urgent need to find appropriate clothing for her journey and a change of clothing as instructed by Carlisle, Christina searched through the trunk pulling out and discarding all heavy clothing which she knew would be uncomfortable for her ride on what was likely to be another hot day. Dragging out the last and ideal riding outfit from the bottom of the trunk Christina fixed her eyes on a leather bag lying on the baseboards of the trunk – the faded black words across the front of the bag caught Christina's attention - “The Journal of Rachel Hanover”.

Some minutes later and with a cup of wine in her hand Christina opened the journal and flicked through the pages stopping as the name “Harry” caught her attention. With time not on her side she began reading from the paragraph which spelt out her husband's name.

“Date – 1639 I know I did my cousin Christina a great injury, and I am not simply referring to the damage which I caused to her hand, for I too sustained an injury when Christina sank her knife in me and the blood from my breast and that from Christina's hand gushed all over Harry's bed. Many will say, perhaps rightly so, that I got what I deserved, and so I did but the truth of the matter is that I was in love with Harry. Many of my French enemies have called it lust – so too did my cousin and perhaps lust played a big part in what I did to destroy Christina's marriage, but I did love Harry and that was the truth of it. I was expelled from Harry's bed. I was expelled from Harry's house. And eventually I was expelled from Orleans and I journeyed to Paris where I had one true friend who gave me sanctuary. In the weeks which followed I learned that I could not return to England for some time without dragging my tainted and repulsive reputation with me. What gave me this dreadful reputation had to be left behind in France so I could begin my life once again in London with no evidence of what had happened except for the scar on my breast, I loved Christina but that was before Harry bedded me. I loved him and I still do. At the time I hoped that Christina would forgive me but as the weeks passed I began to understand that she never could and so my attitude to her had to change.'

Christina stared at the half-finger on her right hand. She felt the cold tears running down her cheek - tears caused by what she had  read in her cousin Rachel's own hand. It was a declaration of love for Harry and a declaration, but less so, of love for her. Christina drained her cup of wine and slowly closed the journal on her cousin's very neat and frank declaration. She would have read more but she had not the tine to do so because she was about to embark on a dangerous journey of revenge for the death of Rachel and the words which cried out to her from her cousin's journal simply gave strength to her plans for vengeance against Sarah. These had been the words of a cousin once loved in Orleans some years ago.

It was regrettable that Christina did not waive aside the time which was against her and read more. It was regrettable that she did not turn over more pages and cast her eyes over the last few lines of another declaration by her cousin for that declaration, which she she would never read but would hear from the lips of a stranger would change her life and that of others forever. 

What followed after Christina had abandoned the journal was a declaration of hate from Rachel which if Christina had read it might have made up her mind not to seek revenge for her cousins execution.

“In the weeks and months which followed my eviction from Christina's house I suffered such pain, degradation, loneliness and starvation that by the following year I had grown to hate Christina and I made a vow to myself to do what I could to make sure she never felt long-term happiness ever again even if it meant my lying about her activities.”

This was an all-encompassing blackness which swamped Rachel during all the years which followed.

“What to do with this journal?” that was Christina's dilemma for it may contain information which was important to the Hanover estate. “Master Cowpepper” Christian mouthed to herself. “Master Cowpepper will know what to do with it”. She nodded to herself as she closed the lid of the trunk on Rachel's journal and locked her declarations away once again.    

Her journey had been uneventful and quiet, and as she expected, the two of them rode past the hill where she and James had made such satisfying and complete love together the day before, and as she stared at the hill she felt a pang of sorrow that there would be no repeat of what they did yesterday for a long time - if at all. She could never have known exactly how long it would be before she saw James again let alone repeating their passion on the hillside or any other place for that matter.
 
Having found “The Northern Approach” inn which Carlisle had named in his note, Christina finally set eyes on the figure of a man which she knew was him.
		'Well Captain Lancaster, which I assume is your name in these parts?' she watched him nod his confirmation, 'I have done as you asked,' she slipped down from her horse with no help from him, 'so perhaps you would be good enough to explain the urgency of your note?'
		'After a rest at this inn we must ride tomorrow for Market Harborough a distance of some fifty miles where the King's army is camped.'
		'Why such urgency?' She wiped away the perspiration and damp hair from her forehead with the back of a gloved hand.
		'Fairfax and Cromwell are also heading north so all the indications are that the battle which you and I have worked towards will be upon us in a matter of days.' His eyes fixed on the heavily packed saddle bags on her horse. 'I assume your bags contain your change of clothing without which our plans cannot succeed?'
		'Of course,' she looked at him and wished that she was with James rather than him. 'I would not be so stupid as to leave the clothes behind.' She watched Charlie, her assistant and guide take their two horses to what she assumed would be the stables.
		'Well we should not need your change of clothing until we reach Market Harborough and only then when I am sure of the location of the battlefield, until then you must assume the position of my wife for you can only survive in Market Harborough as a royalist. I assume this will be to your satisfaction?'
		'I would not have chosen the word satisfaction,' she twisted the right hand side of her mouth in thought, 'but if that is what it takes to accomplish our aim then so be it.'
		'Then we are agreed?' he smiled a smile which she did not like.
		'I will be your wife for appearances sake only.' If she had expected the smile to drain from his face she was disappointed.' 

That night, and with not the slightest hint from Carlisle that he would take his payment by way of the delights of her body, Christina fell into a good sleep with her door securely locked, and as she dreamed of the days ahead she did not dream of the catastrophe which would soon overwhelm her.




jjjj







10. THE JOURNEY CONTINUES
Monday 12th & Tuesday 13th JUNE 1645
THE ROAD TO NASEBY

With the heat of a new day already affecting Christina she and Carlisle abandoned the remains of their breakfast at the inn and prepared to leave without Charlie who would remain at “The Northern Approach” until her return. His wait would be a long one.
		'Do we have far to go?' Christina watched Carlisle going about his business of securing saddlebags to her horse.
		'Further than one day's ride,' he was quite certain of his answer as he checked that her saddle was secure, 'so we must find an inn closer to Market Harborough for our rest tonight and as a place of salvation if we find that Market Harborough has been over-run by the enemy.'
		'And who is our enemy?'
		'We are both Royalists for the duration of our campaign, it cannot be otherwise for we have to infiltrate the King's camp.' He lifted the hem of her skirts a little to check that all was well with her stirrups. Just for once there was nothing intrusive or suggestive about the way he held her ankle.
		'We will be lucky to accomplish a full day's ride in this heat.' Christina looked towards the sky and the hot sun. 'Whilst I have no doubt we can manage it I doubt that these horses can.'
		'Your knowledge of horses is good,' Carlisle climbed into his saddle,' and you may be right so we shall ride just as far as we can.'
		'I rode often in France where if was often hot and I always looked after my horses.' She explained as he kicked his mount into action and she followed suit.
           ----		
A few miles away in Oxford James hammered on Christina's door and grew impatient when his calling remained unanswered. After what seemed like an eternity Elisabeth unlocked, unbolted and dragged the door open.
		'Master James?' she was truly not expecting to see him.
		'Is your mistress at home? I need to see her as a matter of some urgency.'
		'She has gone away,' the girl screwed up her face as if she were expecting him to know that.
		'Where to?'
		'I know nor Sir,' she shook her head, ' and I know not for how long. Is it your wish to come in and take some  refreshments?'
		'No,' he shook his head, 'which is why I am here to make my excuses to your mistress.'
		'I will happily pass on to her any message that you care to leave with me?'
		'Very well,' James gave in as he became uncomfortable with the unusually hot day, ' tell your mistress that I have been ordered to join Fairfax's army many miles north of here and I may be gone some time.' He turned to leave her but then threw his attention back at her. 'I will call on her as soon as I return.'
----
By noon, and about twenty miles north of where a disgruntled and confused James was climbing into his saddle, Carlisle had found a reasonably well presented inn about fifteen miles north of “The Northern Approach”. At his request Christina joined him at a table outside and waited for perhaps half a minute for him to take his eyes off her breasts – this he did as soon as an elderly servant splashed a large jug of ale in front of them to join the two tankards which were already there.
		'I hope the ale is as pleasing to you as my breasts clearly are.' She threw at him as she grew tired of his penetrating eyes.
		'The ale will satisfy our thirst,' The direction of his stare now moved towards her eyes,' Are you quite certain that you will not take wine?'
		'Quite certain,' she crossed her previously uncrossed legs as his stare continued to annoy her. 'Ale will satisfy my needs, it would take too much wine to quench my thirst and I need to have my wits about me when I have a man like you undressing me with his eyes.'
		'I suspect,' he touched her legs with his own under the table, 'that whatever my demands may be of you it will be a small price to pay for my services.'
		'I have said that I will pay you well.'
		'We shall discuss that when the time comes for you to settle your debts.' He teased her yet she wasn't sure that it was teasing.
		'You will not have me against my will.' She had no idea why she added “against my will”. 'Be very sure of that.' His eyes did not waver. 'Do not forget this,' she held up her hand showing the missing finger, 'I have already warned you that I will fight well for my dignity.'
		'So you say.' He took his eyes from her as his attention moved to a body of Cavaliers approaching on the nearby road. He climbed to his feet as they brought their tired, sweating horses to a standstill after which he made his advance towards them leaving Christina to drink her warm ale alone.
		Christina had expected the soldiers to stay for a while which she would have found difficult as it would require her to lie about her relationship to Carlisle who of course would announce himself as Captain Lancaster. She had, however, no cause to be concerned for the Cavaliers did not delay their journey, and after a few moments of military conversation they were on their way leaving behind them a more informative Carlisle standing in a rather large cloud of dust.
		'You seem well pleased with yourself.' was Christina's greeting to her supposed husband as he sat down once again at their table.
		'I am,' he drank the rest of his ale before refilling his tankard. 'I have a better picture of what is happening between King Charles and Sir Thomas Fairfax and Cromwell.'
		'Is it to our advantage?'
		'Very much so,' he looked around to see if anyone was listening. 'Come with me.' He took her hand and very roughly dragged her to the other side of the dusty road to a handy fence where he brought her to a standstill.
		'Do you have to be so rough with me?' She asked as their own dust cloud settled.
		'You are in no position to talk of roughness he took her hand in his and stared at the stump of her finger. 'Enough of this,' he dropped her hand. 'We need to discuss what to do on the day of the battle which will be upon us sooner than you and I might think, and I do not want our conversation overheard.'
		'Go on?' She rubbed her bruised hand.
		'I still aim for us to rest in Market Harborough tomorrow night.'
		'Is the place still in Royalist hands?'
		'I have it on good authority that they had left but in fact the army returned there last Friday. The King's men are in the town and villages nearby. Cromwell and about six hundred of his cavalry were seen at Kislingbury last Friday and are heading north.' He eyed a servant busy at their table.
		'Will we be ready?' Christina was becoming concerned that they might be too late to achieve what they had hoped.
		'We will be ready,' he took her hand again and pulled her back across the road. 'Let us eat the best fare that this place can offer.' He held out an inviting hand to a dish of cold meat and bread which had been thrown on their table. 'And then, tired or not,' he continued, 'we must be on our way.'
		
After one of the most exhausting days that Christina could remember she and Carlisle arrived at a dirty looking inn south of Market Harborough as the warm rays of the sun sank behind the hills to the west. She wasn't happy with what she saw as she examined the outside of the place, and neither was she happy with the number of soldiers staying at the inn for the place was well over-crowded. Christina waited in nervous anticipation and exhaustion outside the inn whilst Carlisle pushed his way into the depths of the inn's interior. Alone and feeling vulnerable she walked a few paces away from the front of the inn as she became nervous at the number of soldiers fixing their eyes on her. She took her mind off their curiosity as she set her attention on the badly painted sign which hung from the eaves of the inn. The sign appeared to include a grey horse which she thought was rather appropriate. Having taken control of herself by the diversion of the sign she walked back to their two horses and held onto their reins tightly, but more so her own for she was clever enough to know the value of such horses, or any horses, after three years of war. A moment later her travelling companion made his way towards her.

		'Can we stay?' her question was thrown at Carlisle as he worked his way out of the inn and towards her. She secretly hoped he would say “no”.
		'We can,' he took the reins from her.
		'In two rooms?' She knew that her question was a pathetic one with an army of several thousand men in the vicinity.
		'Ah,' he smiled, 'you are concerned for your privacy?
		'Of course.' She hesitated and suddenly felt rather silly.
Carlisle took her roughly by the waist and once again dragged her against her will and away from the inn's doorway. He manoeuvred her round the corner of the inn and out of sight of the Royalist soldiers.
		'My dear Christina,' he took her chin in his hand. 'You have grown too use to your life in France, and even less so in Oxford. You have been spoilt and now you must face up to the truth of the situation that you are in.'
		She looked into his face as he released his hold on her chin and continued with his explanation.
		'We do not like each other but we need each other and here we are in a place which is not of your choosing or of your liking. We are masquerading as husband and wife which you hate and we are in a tavern which has just one room left. The place is hot and reeks of something which I am unfamiliar with. We will sleep in the same room tonight and you might as well accept it.'
		'I see.' Was all that Christina could find to say.
		'Do you accept it or do we go home?'
		'I accept it, I have to accept it.' She sighed.
		'And if you fail to act as my wife then we will be discovered for what we are and then God only knows what will happen to you.' He pointed out the obvious. 'I will get away with being a Royalist Officer, you will get away with nothing and they will do with you as they please.'
		She began chewing her lip in nervous anticipation of the truth which he was delivering.
		'And now I will take our possessions up to our most pleasant room,' he scowled as he left her.

“What in God's name have I got myself into?” She mouthed to herself. “Why am I in this awful war-torn country trying to take vengeance over strangers for what they did to my dead cousin? who, in any case, is only a half-cousin because of who her real father is.” Christina stared hard at the green hillside which swept away to the east. She shook her head. “But could I go back to France having not done what I must do?” She looked down at where her missing finger should have been. “No,” she raised her head and pushed her hair from her eyes. “I cannot go back now. I have come this far and I will go through with what we have agreed.” She watched Carlisle step out again into the bright sunshine. “But I will not willingly go to bed with that man, not after James and not even after Ned.” She finished with her mind much more on James.

That evening was the most uncomfortable one that Christina could remember having to endure in her whole life. On the ground floor of the inn she had to put up with heat, noise, the stench of whatever it was that Carlisle had detected earlier, and finally she had to put up with Carlisle's wandering eyes and wandering hands. Both she and Carlisle drank wine - warm wine - the whole evening. Carlisle drank for courage to explore the joys of her body, and she drank to put the possibility of him doing what he wanted with her body out of her mind.

Whatever determination she had that he would not have her that night was pointless for she knew that she actually had no control over her fate for the two of them were surrounded by what could so easily have been her enemies if she were to do anything that gave away the fact that they were not husband and wife. The fact that she was a French Catholic and therefore a possible enemy of Parliament and friend of the Royalists seemed not to be of paramount importance to her – it was merely an irritable complication to add to her already complicated situation.

With the stench of the warm wine on his breath Carlisle closed in on her left ear, lifted her beautiful, if damp, hair from her neck and whispered to her.
		'You are dressed inappropriately,' he coughed, 'you are too smart for this place and the fact is causing many of these soldiers to comment on you and to be suspicious of your intentions.'
		'And what would you have me do?' She turned to him and brushed her hair back into place. 'Sit down here naked?'
		'You have your camp follower clothes upstairs I assume so go and put them on.'

Without the need for any more excuses to leave the surrounding crowd Christina drained her cup of wine and climbed to her feet.
		'Do not take your time.' He warned her.
She twisted and turned her way round the crowds and headed towards the stairs and all the time ignoring the hands that grouped her.

It wasn't long before Christina, with her window open as wide as possible, was as close to nakedness as she could be except for her chemise. She failed to hear the unlocked door open until it was too late and once she was on her back on the bed her wine fuelled head began to swim and nothing was in focus any more. With her senses gone so too was her strength and she could therefore do nothing to prevent Carlisle from ripping the thin garment from her breasts and pushing his way into her which served only to make her close her teeth on his left ear. She was confused as his blood ran onto her warm right cheek and he did not cry out, she was confused too when he lay still on top of her and she felt a lessening of his desire inside her. For some strange reason, and it was something that she never would have expected of him, and she never had experienced in her lifetime before, he had fallen into a deep sleep whilst still lying on top of her. She was torn between trying to move him and risk waking him up or just leaving him where he was all night if that's what it took. She decided on the former for she could not stand to feel his limpness inside her any longer, no matter how unready he was for her. She was relieved when she was able to push him gently to her side which left her lying in a state of undress - a situation  which appeared not to bother her. For some inextricable reason which she could only blame on the wine, she began to giggle under cover of the back of her hand at the farcical situation that she was in. As the smirk on her face faded she turned to doing something about her modesty and with that in mind she found that still within reach of her right hand was her original gown – she took hold of it and dragged it over her body which had endured Carlisle's intrusion. The gown served its purpose all night by covering her nakedness but not keeping her warm for the night was already warm and her body had been bathed in perspiration even before Carlisle had attempted to take her for himself.

The morning of Tuesday the thirteenth of May brought with it another blue sky and another warm day. Christina, nursing a headache which she knew she could do nothing about, had climbed from the bed first and dressed herself in the rough costume which she had failed to put on the previous day. She had decided quite early on that as far as Carlisle was concerned she would not talk of his attack on her. She had even made up her mind that if the subject did come up in conversation she would make him believe that he had achieved what he had intended when he entered her the previous night. It mattered not that his vanity would make him believe it, and it mattered not to her if she further led him to believe that she had been satisfied by him. She had escaped what could have been a dreadful encounter by him which in the end amounted to nothing
 
After consuming a not very pleasant but necessary cold breakfast The inn fell behind them as they set off on what she hoped would be the last leg of their journey. It was all very vague however because Carlisle had no idea if there would be an imminent battle or exactly where it would take place but he had a reasonable idea on both counts, Christina very much looked the part as she kicked her horse into action and her grey gown and linen bonnet clung to the curves of her body and her full head of hair tucked up under her not very attractive cap. Still, she reminded herself, attractive or not it would serve her purpose well.

That night after yet another uncomfortable ride and an easy crossing of the River Welland, they reached their goal of a half-decent inn near Market Harborough which had the added bonus of two vacant rooms which was unusual as there were so many patrols of Royalist soldiers close by. The name of the inn was not apparent to Christina or Carlisle for although there was a sign hanging from very rusty hinges, the picture and name on it was so faded that they could not be read. Their journey had been made mostly in silence with just a little small-talk, but none of that talk was on the subject of Carlisle's attack on her the night before for which Christina was thankful.

As they dismounted and an eager stable-boy took their horses to what appeared to be very large stables, they both ordered food and wine, not expecting the quality of either to be very good. With the day still warm they found empty benches outside the inn and as Christina sank onto the hard timber seat Carlisle did what he did best and engaged in conversation with a Royalist patrol which had quite clearly arrived at the inn not long before them.

		'We appear to have timed our arrival very well indeed,' Carlisle lowered himself onto the bench opposite her, 'I would not be wrong if I guessed that something will happen close to where we are as early as tomorrow.'
		'How so?' Christina did not pretend to know anything about warfare.
		'Three days ago,' he fell to silence as wine was placed in front of them by a not unattractive young woman whom Carlisle could not take his eyes off, 'Cromwell was awarded the title of Lieutenant-General of Horse under Fairfax by Parliament so they at least are expecting a battle.'
		'Is that all?' Christina was struggling to make any sense of what he was talking about.	
		'Since you are French I would not expect you to understand the significance of that.' He poured wine for her and as he did so Christina thought how different he was to the drunken animal who had attempted to take her the night before. 'There is more,' he continued. 'Yesterday Fairfax's cavalry patrols clashed with Royalist outposts on Borough Hill near Daventry, which is not far from here'
		'Fairfax fights for Parliament?' Christina was pleased at finding a small piece of information in her mind.
		'You are learning quickly,' he smiled with a nod, 'there has also been an incident at a house near Naseby church just south of here when one of the King's patrols were found by Cromwell's cavalry.'
		'And?' Christina took a sip of her wine.
		'It is generally assumed that the King will turn and fight, even though Prince Rupert might not agree with it.
		'So we are in the right place?'
		'We are,' he agreed with a smile. 'Particularly as King Charles is also in Market Harborough.'

Christina lowered her wine cup to the table with a hand which Carlisle could not fail to notice was shaking a little for she knew that all her planning with him and all the dangers that accompanied those plans, were about to be fulfilled. She was not to know that disaster was waiting for her the following day –Wednesday the fourteenth of June 1645 at Naseby.                  

11. ARREST AND DISSAPEARANCE
14th JUNE 1645 – NASEBY

Reaching what was to become the battlefield at Naseby was fairly straightforward for Christina and Carlisle, and was achieved quickly with the only delay being in Naseby Village itself where the two of them had to leave behind Christina's horse. Carlisle had insisted that she could not be seen to arrive at the royalist baggage train riding such a valuable horse whilst being dressed as a camp follower. He made certain the horse was secure in a large stable in the village before putting Christina onto the back of his own horse behind him and taking her to a place near Lowe Farm where he had been told their target of the royalist baggage train could be found.

Before they left the village Carlisle, well organised as he often was, took Christina to one side and made certain that she knew exactly what to do and how dangerous it might be.
		'I will leave you at the baggage train and straight away you must assume your new identity. You are no longer Lady Christina Norfolk of Orleans, you are Christina Brown and you are the whore of Captain John Lancaster one of the King's men.'
		'You?'
		'Quite so. Do you understand?'
		'Yes,' she felt the confidence which had been with her all of her life start to drain away. 'But surely nobody will ask me who I am?'
		'They probably will not, but just in case they do....'
		'….I will know what to say.' She finished his explanation.
		'You must get hold of as many of the King's papers from his cabinet as you can, put them in one of your saddlebags which you will carry with you and at a time which is convenient for me I will return for you. If I have to flee the battlefield for some reason and you are unable to hand the documents to me all this will have been a waste of time. And if I do not return you must throw the documents away so that they cannot implicate you.'
		'And if I am captured before you return? And before I have disposed with the documents?'
		'Captured by who? You are masquerading as a royalist so the only danger to the camp followers will come from the forces of Parliament in which case you will assume once again your real identity.'
		'My real identity?' she looked at him. 'A French lady in these clothes?' She questioned him. 'I doubt that anyone will believe me. And why would I be in such a place as this anyway?'
		'You must make them believe you,' he urged. And then he did a most odd thing, he took her left hand and kissed it. 'You can do this Christina, and when you have succeeded we will get clear of this place and celebrate our success.'
		Christina could only stare at him for she could find no words to explain how terrified she was whilst at the same time being so grateful to him for what he was doing both for himself and for her. The terror that washed over her had been a recent affliction as her resolve suddenly drifted from her again.
		'No more words,' he placed the tips of his fingers over her beautiful lips, 'We must go.' And with that he helped her onto his horse.

Their route out of Naseby village as the time approached ten in the morning, took them to the left of both armies and north to their destination which was a considerable distance as the Parliamentarian front line was about two miles wide. The success of their mission was aided by the fact that the morning was misty which meant that they couldn't easily be seen passing alongside both armies, With anonymity in mind Carlisle took them both well to the west of a hedgerow which ran close to the left flank of Sir Henry Ireton's Parliamentarian forces and close to Prince Maurice's Royalist cavalry, all the time staying clear of Colonel John Okey's Parliamentarian Dragoons who were behind the hedgerow. 

Once reached, and when the time came for Carlisle to drop her at the Royalist baggage train, Christina refused to take her arms from around his waist which is where they had been ever since leaving Naseby village.
		'Take this,' he passed a knife over his shoulder for her to take.
		'What for reason?' She glared at it not expecting to need such a weapon. 'For my defence?'
		'It is not for your defence,' he looked over his shoulder at her as she took the knife from him,.'You may need it if you come across any chests or cabinets or drawers of papers which have been locked.'
		'I see,' she swallowed hard, 'It is not for my protection then?'
		'If it came to your protection it would be because I have failed to return and in any case you would need more than a mere knife and a small one at that. But let us not dwell on this for I will be back for you just as soon as I can.' He assured her.
		And then it was Christina's turn to do a most odd thing and something which was not like her at all when it came to Carlisle – she kissed him full on his lips as he remained twisted in his saddle looking at her. This strange act on her part was no doubt a comforting move as she prepared to part from her only friend at Naseby, and her only link with her previous life. Carlisle was now the only man who could take her back to safety and because of that she found it difficult to let go of him, despite the strained and awkward relationship that she had had to endure with him. Reluctantly she did let go of him and slid off his horse where she held his hand just for a moment before finally letting him go and committing herself to their plans.
 
South of what was to become Naseby battlefield Christina's estranged husband Harry Norfolk who in recent days had become Colonel Sir Henry Norfolk, but still Harry to his family and friends, sat astride his horse behind Cromwell's cavalry. He could never have known that riding away from him to the west of his position was his wife who was dressed so inappropriately considering her social position in France. He rubbed the black stubble on his unshaven chin as he thought about the day ahead and his Mistress Eleanor whom he loved a great deal.

Several hundred yards north of Harry was James Sutton also sitting astride his horse – he was alongside Ned between Lord Astley's forces and just in front of the King himself. He still had no idea where Christina had disappeared too, and he could never have known that she was only a few hundred yards from where he now waited for what he thought would be a decisive battle.
----
More than one hundred miles away in London Françoise Jacqueline Hanover arrived in the city to stay with her brother Robert, but he was not there. Robert Hanover was with the Parliamentarian army at Naseby preparing to go into battle, but the headstrong Françoise did not know that. Like her sister Isobella she too had left Bristol because of the plague but in her case she had used it as an excuse to taste the excitement and social life of London which she had always dreamed of. She was a dark haired good looking girl of just seventeen years of age with the same slightly hooked nose as Isobella, and with a fiery temper and an annoying habit of doing exactly what she wanted to do no matter who she might hurt on the way. She knew nothing of politics or military matters but she was concerned that her older sister Christina had gone to Oxford for reasons unknown to the younger sister.
----
Sitting astride his horse with Sir Philip Skippon's Infantry was Christina's brother Robert, and like many men of some wealth he held the title of knight and rank of Captain. He too had no idea that his sister Christina was little more than a mile away behind royalist lines. Next to him, and without them knowing one another, was Will Hallett sitting close to Sir Thomas Fairfax and his mind was not on the forthcoming battle but on the one love in his life - Sarah Richmond. Just a few paces from King Charles with the Royalist reserve at the rear of their front line was Sir Edward Hanover, brother of the late Lord Hanover, and father to Robert, Isobella, François and Christina. Like so many fathers he knew he was fighting against his son, but what he didn't know was that his daughter Christina was less than a mile away to his right – a daughter whom he would never set eyes upon again. 

The battle of Naseby began in mist at 9am and by mid morning the fight  and the slaughter was in full flow and even in the early stages of the conflict it was clear that the Royalist army was outnumbered by several thousand men but more importantly the Parliamentarian army had many more horse. Prince Rupert adopted his not unknown habit of attacking on the Parliamentarian flank and going on to chase and kill enemy soldiers who were far behind their own lines and therefore no longer a threat. It would be this act by Prince Rupert which went some way to contributing to the outcome of the battle because by the time he returned to the front line the day was lost.

Christina had managed to convince the other camp followers in the Royalist baggage train that although she was a late-comer to their throng she was with them. No doubt her French accent was largely ignored by the many followers who spoke with a Welsh accent. It was mid morning when Christina found an opportunity to search through the Royalist's baggage train and just as Carlisle had planned she discovered many documents belonging to the king. She had had to break the locks of some chests with the knife that Carlisle had given her for just such a purpose and she had made full use of her saddlebags as a place to hide the stolen documents and keep them dry. All she now needed was for Carlisle to return and collect her ill-gotten gains and, more importantly,  collect her. She sat on the ground next to one of the wagons where she covered her ears to mask from her the awful sound of canon and musket fire and the screams of dying men which she had endured for almost two hours.
   
Christina did not climb to her feet until she saw Carlisle approaching her, she was, however, a little concerned that he appeared to be in a hurry and looking over his shoulder. When finally he did arrive at her side Christina could see blood on his face and on his uniform.
		'Stay here,' he ordered her, 'I am in danger and being chased by these riders.' He glanced behind himself and Christina found the objects of his concern.
		'Your hurt?' Was all that she could find to say to him as her arm found his blood soaked right leg.
		'The blood is not mine,' he assured her with a rare smile on this terrible day of slaughter. 'Now give me the documents and wait for my return.' He held out a gloved hand to her.
		Christina did as he asked and in less than a minute he was gone, but so too were the chasing horsemen which left her silently praying that Carlisle who was her only means of escape, would be safe.

What followed was quick and quite bloody.

No sooner had Carlisle and his chasing Parliamentarian cavalry dissolved into the distance than the baggage train was overrun with Parliamentarian soldiers who set as their targets the camp followers. The first woman to die fell to the ground quite close to Christina, and it was the woman - the only woman - whom Christina had exchanged words with. The woman was of large proportions and fell with a thud to the ground where her blood stained the brown earth and the side of Christina's face. Another follower had her nose slit in a bloody act which was a direct result of the soldiers thinking the women were Irish and it was known that the king was attempting to raise an Irish army. With the Parliamentarian soldiers on the rampage Christina accepted that it would soon be her turn to suffer the same fate as the other followers, but she was determined not to die quite so easily or without a fight. As a Parliamentarian soldier on foot approached her with his sword at the ready she suddenly found the strength to cry out to him.
		'Leave me be Sir for I am with you. I am Lady Christina Norfolk and wife of one of your officers.' She pleaded as she felt her legs almost give way, unable to control her fear and her tears.
		It mattered not if the man believed her or not for her words did what she had hoped. A look of confusion swept across the man's face as he hesitated and lost interest in her and she fell to her knees.
		There now followed a hasty evacuation by the attacking soldiers when their commanding officer arrived on horseback from the Parliamentarian lines and almost at the same time Cavaliers from King Charles' army arrived.
		'Leave these women alone!' the Parliamentarian officer called out to his own men, and straight away Christina recognised the man's voice.
		There was a moment of uneasy silence between the two opposing forces with Christina climbing to her feet in between them and staring at the man whom she hoped had come to her rescue.
		'Harry?' She called out as her eyes fixed on her own husband who was wearing the orange sash of Parliament. 'How in God's name did you find me?'
		And still the man stared at her for he could not see beneath the dirt and the grime on her face. After a moment's hesitation he did realise who she was and what an opportunity had fallen his way.
		'You would be wise,' he spoke out but not to her, 'to arrest this lady and keep her somewhere safe. She is your enemy.'
		Christina looked over her shoulder and was alarmed to find that her husband was talking to the Royalist Cavalry. 'Harry?' She begged him but he could only stare at her with no feelings for her plight whatsoever.
		'This woman,' he set his eyes on her, 'is the wife of a serving officer of Parliament, she will be worth her weight in gold coinage to you as a hostage.'
		'And who is she?' a moustached Cavalier asked.
		'Lady Christina Norfolk. Now take her to somewhere safe where she can do you no more harm.' He turned his horse with every intention of fleeing the scene as two Cavaliers dismounted and took hold of his wife.	
		'Why do you give her away?' One of the Cavaliers asked.
		'I am a spy for the King,' he lied. 'Do not ask any more questions. Her arrest by you will very much be to the King's  advantage.' And with that he rode away with a casual glance over his shoulder at his wife's plight.
		Christina struggled, cried out to her husband and punched and kicked the two men who were holding her. She could only assume that “our advantage” meant that he and Eleanor could now rejoice in Christina's disappearance. His claim to be a spy was certainly a lie for no man could have been more loyal to Parliament than he was.
		She continued to kick, scream and cry out to her husband until a gag was tied round her beautiful mouth, her hands tied behind her back and with those two actions failing to stop her struggling she felt a blow to the head which came from a Royalist sword hilt. Her limp body was thrown onto the back of a horse and she was taken from the battlefield.
		All that had happened to Christina was witnessed by the one man who should have been able to rescue and protect her – James Sutton. James sat in his saddle several paces from Christina's plight but he did not recognise her through the dirt on her face and the clothes she wore and he did not hear her plea for help or the words said by those who held her captive because all those about him were shouting orders or calling out in pain. With blood streaming down the side of his face and sweat dripping from his chin onto the sweat of his tired horse, James turned and left Christina to her fate assuming her to simply be one of the surviving Welsh followers who had not yet been maimed or murdered by their enemies.
		As the day progressed it was clear that the King had lost the battle as most of his artillery and supplies had been captured. Without apparently dwelling too much on his defeat he and Prince Rupert lead the remnants of the Royalist army to Ashby-de-la-Zouch in Leicestershire leaving Fairfax and Cromwell to celebrate the day.
		Christina was doing anything but celebrating as she was led into captivity and away from the war which for her was over. Everyone who she had been involved with appeared to have got their way at her expense and it would be a long time before she could once again be with anyone she knew.

Carlisle had not given up on his quest and promise to return for Christina. Later in the day, and when it was safe to do so, he returned to the area of the battlefield where the Royalist baggage train had been. He searched for Christina – alive or dead. He feared the worse and assumed that she was dead for he could think of no other explanation for her disappearance. He did not find her body, broken or dead, but he found many other female casualties who were too close to death to answer any questions that he might have put to them. When he left the battlefield in the evening he was satisfied that she was no longer at Naseby and he swallowed hard when he thought of her still alive somewhere in great distress and pain. She was certainly not one of the many dead lying in the mud for her missing finger would have given away her identity.

















12. THE TRAITOR'S REST
LATE JUNE 1645 – THE LONDON ROAD

It had been some years since Colonel George Mortimer had made his enforced journey to The Traitor's Rest - an inn which had no allegiance to either the Royalists or the Parliamentarian armies, but conveniently situated midway between Oxford and London.

Its geographical position had been the very reason for George having visited the place before when he was summoned to a meeting there by his one-time ward Rachel Hanover. As he sat drinking a very passable ale inside the inn he shuddered at the results of that meeting with Rachel – a meeting which so affected Sarah Richmond with lies and deceit when Rachel had confronted him with a will which turned out to be a forgery. The will supposedly outlined Sarah's father's last wishes which appeared to be very much to Rachel's advantage, and very much to Sarah's disadvantage. And it had all been a lie!

But this time the circumstances of his visit were quite different. He had received word from Matthew Cowpepper about the complications unearthed after the identity of Rachel's father had been revealed prior to Rachel's death. Cowpepper felt that he needed to speak to the good Colonel about such matters and the Colonel was, after all, the man who had instructed him to look after the financial affairs of both the Hanover and the Richmond families. More importantly he had need to speak to the Colonel about Christina in the hope that he could pass on some news to her family in London. The fact that the elderly Cowpepper disliked riding all the way to London himself in his frail state of health was also a very good and understandable factor in him choosing the “Traitor's Rest”.

As the Colonel rested his weary body on his bench outside the inn he set his eyes on Cowpepper opposite him and noted how ill he looked, but then, he remembered, Cowpepper had always looked ill.
	'Have you rested sufficiently after your long ride?' The Colonel was concerned for the man.
	'Sufficiently,' he nodded wearily, 'the journey was hard but I have experienced worse.'
	'So,' George took a mouthful of his wine, 'you felt we should talk about various issues concerning the Hanover and Richmond families?'
	'And not before time,' Cowpepper agreed as he too started on his ale, 'but tell me,' Cowpepper changed the subject and for a very good reason, 'were you at Naseby? It seems that most people in the armies were?'
	'I was,' George nodded. 'I think we won the day and I think the King is defeated but we shall see.'
	'I must start by raising my concern.' Cowpepper looked at George.
	'With what?'
	'With the fact that Lady Christina Norfolk appears to have gone missing.'
	George searched his mind for the name and then realised who Cowpepper was taking about.
	'Rachel's cousin from France?'
	'Well that point is debatable. The part about her being her cousin I mean.' Cowpepper was pleased to be able to use his legal brain again.
	'Why?'
	'Because, as you know, it was revealed that Rachel's father was Sir John Richmond which would make Rachel Sarah's half-sister only.'
	'Agreed.' George allowed the man's words to sink in.
	'So at best Rachel is only a half-cousin to Christina.'
	'I see,' George nodded at what he considered to be trivia.
	'I see some form of explanation is necessary for clearly you do not know Christina Norfolk?'
	'I know of her. Nothing more.'
	'She crossed the channel in her own ship, came to London for an explanation from Maria about the fate of her cousin Rachel Hanover and then made her way to Oxford where she introduced herself to me and took the keys to Rachel's Oxford house. That was the last I saw of her. And please, I beg of you, do not ask me why she was in Oxford. No doubt Maria Hanover can tell you that for it was Maria herself who gave authority for me to hand the keys over to what had in effect become her property in Oxford.'
	'I see.' George stared into his drink. 'And  you say she has gone missing?'
	'It appears so unless you know of her whereabouts?'
	'I do not.' George rubbed his chin. 'When was she last seen?'
	'Three days before the battle of Naseby.'
	'Well I cannot think that there would be a connection between the battle and Christina.' George had already convinced himself as he took another mouthful of his drink.
	'I agree,' Cowpepper's mind was working hard.'
	'What event was it that led you to believe she had gone missing?'
	'Her Lady In Waiting knew that I was looking after Rachel's estate and the woman was concerned that her mistress had not come home. She sent a runner to me and I made my way to speak to the servant herself. Elisabeth.'
	'And what did you learn from this Elisabeth?'
	'What information I could gather was very sparse indeed for all that the household could tell me was that she disappeared with a man who had visited her recently. Apparently, and this came from her Lady In Waiting, she and her man planned to ride north out of Oxford. '
	'And presumably you do not know who that man would be?' George asked.
	'You presume wrongly.' Cowpepper allowed a grin to crease his face. 'I know exactly who he is.'
	'How so?'
	'Because her Lady In Waiting remembered his name which she volunteered to me.'
	'Which was?'
	'Lancaster, Captain Lancaster.'
	'I know of the man but for now, if you will forgive me Master Cowpepper, I will not tell you why I know him.' George could not reveal the connection between Lancaster and Parliament's need for a man who was skilled at espionage.
	 'Well no matter,' Cowpepper wiped his nose with a well-used piece of linen which masqueraded as a handkerchief. 'The man is of no importance because I have more news and from a reliable source.'
	'Go on.'
	'James Sutton. Capitan James Sutton. You know the man I believe? Even though he is your enemy?'
	'The fact that he is my enemy cannot be contested and yes I do know him. What news did he have?'
	'Very little for he had to flee the battlefield, or so he told me. What is certain from what he revealed is that Lady Norfolk was alive when last he saw her. At first he did not recognise her but after the battle, when he was rested and quiet and all his thoughts were gathered, he remembered her face even though it had been almost hidden from him by dirt and grime.'
	'I was not aware that James Sutton knew Christina at all?'
	'Well clearly he did and it was not my place to ask how or why or how intimate they might have been with each other.'
	'Quite so.' George nodded. 'The matter should be of no concern to you and I.' He abandoned any thought of asking more on that subject. 'But why was she in that place at all?'
	'There is more, but it does not answer your question as to why she was there.'
	'Pray continue?'
	'Some days after the battle James had news that his army was holding her prisoner at some place unknown to him and details of her name were vague.'
	'Why vague?' George was trying to make some sense of all the information which was coming flowing from Cowpepper's thin lipped mouth.
	'All that James could gain was that a lady of quality had been arrested as a spy at Naseby and she claimed to go by the name of Lady Christina Norfolk, but another tale that came to James' ears was that she was called Christina Hanover.'
	 'One and the same person.' George nodded a smile to himself. 'And where is she being held?'
	'Ah,' Cowpepper raised his hand in a silent gesture to a man whom Sir George knew from years ago to be the landlord of the inn. The gesture was a desire for more refreshments.  'We do not know where she is being held but let us hope that it is not Oxford Castle otherwise she may as well be dead.'
	'I agree,' George nodded gravely as his thoughts drifted to the reputation which Oxford Castle held. 'Have you told her family any of this?'
	'I have written to her cousin Maria Hanover in London and sent it by rider. My details to her were at best sketchy for all I knew for certain was that Christina was missing. You see I wrote that letter before James Sutton came to me so I was unable to advise Maria that her cousin is very probably alive.'
	'Well you can be assured Master Cowpepper that I will pass on that news to Maria when I reach London.'
	'I would be grateful for that sir.' Cowpepper nodded. 'Does the family know that Lord Edward Hanover died at Naseby?'
	'Yes. It was my sad duty to tell them myself about a week after the battle.' 

The evening wore on with more talk of the missing Christina and legal formalities about the estates of Sarah and Rachel, in particularly the not-insurmountable complications which Cowpepper felt their lately announced relationship to each other had thrown up.

The next day, and with their questions about the missing Christina still unanswered George and Cowpepper left the inn and went their separate ways – George back to London on horseback and Cowpepper back to Oxford in his carriage. Whilst they might not have achieved anything they at least had explored all possibilities about Christina's fate and both resolved to make further enquiries in their respective cities – London and Oxford.  George had already assured Cowpepper that he would inform Maria and Isabelle of the mystery surrounding Christina.

Two days later and back in London at Maria's house, which was  in mourning after the news of Lord Edward's death, at Naseby Françoise Hanover was giving her sister Isobella and her cousin Maria a headache with her constant questioning about social life in London, or lack of it now that the Royal Court had long ago abandoned the capital. Françoise then turned to a new subject which was "Where was her sister Christina?" It was at that moment that one of Maria's servants answered the door and then escorted Colonel Mortimer into the Great Hall to be greeted like an old friend by Maria. Maria then proceeded to introduce the elderly Colonel to Isobella and Françoise.

With the greeting over and George sitting comfortably in a chair with a much needed wine cup and having expressed his condolences for Lord Edward Hanover's death he threw himself into a conversation with the ladies.
	'I will not ask how your dear mother is,' he was careful with his words, 'what do you imagine will be her plans?'
	'My mother Lady Helen,' Isobella choked back a tear, 'will no doubt, and after a period of mourning, go and stay with her dear sister in Colchester.'
	'I see.' Sir George nodded and with that he let the subject drop and replaced it with an explanation of the missing Christina, but before doing so he made a comment to Françoise which led him onto the subject of her missing sister.
	'Françoise is an unusual name in England?'
	'In England yes,' she smiled, 'but not when one has been born in France,' she smiled an attractive smile, 'just like my sister Christina.' She finished as she stared at him hoping it would stir him into some information about her sister. She was not to be disappointed.
	'Ah, yes,' he looked at all three women in turn, 'it is on the subject of Christina that I am here.' His eyes set for a moment on Françoise and in particularly the long fringe of her dark, almost auburn, hair. And it wasn't long before the reason for her overly long fringe became apparent as she swept her hair from her brown green eyes to reveal a deep scare on her forehead. In fact, and George could not have known it, Françoise was simply a younger version of Christina even down to the same slightly hooked nose and very slim waist. At just five foot and two inches she also would have stood level with her sister.
	'Do you have news of her?' Maria brought him out of his trance before Françoise could have her say.
	'Only to confirm that she appears to have disappeared, but then I expect you already knew that?'
	'Master Cowpepper wrote to me to explain that he could not find her in Oxford and if we knew where she was could I ask her to call upon him over some property matter.' Maria explained in one sentence all that she knew.
	'I think the property matter is not significant,' he ran his tongue over dry lips, 'it concerns some land complications and is not the reason for my visit. I came here today to tell you that she cannot be found anywhere and indeed I have it on good authority that she is being held prisoner by the King's men.'

There now followed a telling by George of Christina's supposed disastrous adventures at Naseby, of James' story and involvement and Christina's disappearance from her Oxford house with another man who was not James. He had during his explanation a second cup of wine given to his by Maria and he was never more glad of the strength which it gave him.

	'Cowpepper has made some enquiries,' George cleared his throat, 'and it may be that she left Oxford with a man called Lancaster.....'
	'….or Carlisle when he is in London,' Maria interrupted him.
	'I believe so.' George was impressed by what she knew already, or remembered from conversations with himself and others over past years. 'And there is some rumour,' he continued, 'that she may have gone to Naseby with him but we simply do not know.'
	'In God's name for what reason would she go there?' Françoise was concerned at the possibility that he sister would go to such a place.
	'That I do not know,' George shook his head.
	'I must say,' Isobella spoke out, 'that the whole matter of Christina and Rachel, and this stranger called Carlisle or Lancaster has become so complicated that it is hard to know what to believe any more.'
	'I agree.' Maria took a cup of wine, refreshed George's own cup and then sat close by him. 'My mind is full of rumours and whispers and half-truths so perhaps we can discuss everything that we and you know about her.'
	It was now that Françoise surprised everyone by stating her intentions to do exactly what she wanted to do which shocked both Maria and Isobella. 'And once armed with the facts,' a look of determination washed across her young face, 'I will make it my mission to go and find Christina.' 
	'You will not!' Isobella cried out.
	'Yes I will,' she was absolutely resolute. 'We may have lost our father - I do not intend to also loose our sister without a fight. 'Too much time has been wasted already and this family needs some answers. We need some good news to wipe away the tears of the loss of our father. We need our sister back in the safety of London.'
	'You will not leave London.' Isobella was quite determined to get her way. 'You are only seventeen, far too young to go riding about the country on your own.'
	'You are too old-fashioned,' Françoise would tolerate none of her sister's instructions, 'I may be seventeen but I have already done much and experienced much at what you consider is an age which is too young for such things.'
	Isobella had no idea what her younger sister meant by "done much and experienced much" and therefore chose not to ask for details.
	'I think we must listen to the good Colonel,' Maria silenced the other two women. 'So that we can understand better what has happened and what needs to be done.'
	'And then,' Françoise held her head high, and once again her scar was visible for all to see, 'I will do what has to be done to put right all the wrongs which have been done to our family.'
	George looked at her and for a moment could only see Rachel in her which made him shake his head in exasperation, for Rachel also would not listen to him and neither, it would appear, would this seventeen year old version of Rachel.

George began his explanation by clearing up the confusion with two names for the same person – Lancaster and Carlisle. He explained how important his work was as Carlisle for Parliament and how important it was that he remain as Lancaster when in Oxford or any other Royalist territory for that matter. He made all three of the women swear to keep the man's dual identity a secret until the civil war was truly over. He watched Françoise's face carefully and doubted that Carlisle's secret was safe in her hands.
	'You have already suggested,' he turned to Maria, 'that you know of Carlisle and Lancaster being the same man therefore I can only assume that you know of the importance of not repeating that fact outside of this house or to your household?' 
	'Quite so.' Maria threw back a smile of reassurance in his direction.
	'Ladies?' He stared at Isobella and Françoise and his one single word was meant as a question.
	'You have my word Sir.' Isobella smiled.
	' Françoise?' Maria prompted her. 'You will swear?'
	'I will.' She smiled but not convincingly. 'Tell me Sir George, where did my cousin first meet this man Carlisle?' This question being her way of gaining some notion of where the man lived in London for she was not stupid enough to believe that the Colonel would give away Carlisle's actual address, even supposing he knew it.
	'It was in this very city, in a part of London where you should not go. A dangerous place for the likes of you and I.'
	'But not so my cousin Rachel who did meet him in London so the story goes?'
	'Apparently so.' George sighed as he tired of her questions. 'I understand that Carlisle can be found somewhere in the area of London Bridge and Fish Street.'
	' Why do you ask?' Isobella stared at her sister.
	'Because I am curious to know to what depths my cousin would have lowered herself to meet this man.'  Françoise lied.
	'You are surely not thinking of meeting him?' Isobella was quite astonished at the thought and her open mouth gave away that fact.
	'Can you even think that of me?' Françoise smiled another lie and as she did so she committed all thoughts of London Bridge and Fish Street to her memory for she suspected that the man Carlisle would be of some use to her one day. A thought of satisfaction washed over her whilst thoughts of chaos and disaster washed over Maria and Isobella.
 
Once George had left her house Françoise began to question Maria again about everything that the Colonel had not told her such as Sarah's involvement in Rachel's death and Christina's intention to meet Sarah after which time they had not heard from her again.
	'Well,' Françoise accepted a cup of wine from one of the servants as she sat back in her chair and absorbed all that Maria had told her. 'This Sarah is quite a woman, and I am sure would be able to fill in all the missing bits and pieces which Sir George did not divulge to us, or could not divulge.' She sat up, sipped her wine and then stood up. 'I will go and speak with this Sarah.' She announced.
	'You will not.' Isobella announced in a manner which was as determined as before. 'You will leave well alone. It is bad enough that we appear to have lost Christina without you following her into oblivion!'
	'My dear Isobella,' Françoise walked over to her and kissed her on the cheek, 'you are my sister not my mother and  so I will go.' She licked the taste of her sister from her beautiful lips.
	Isobella knew she was defeated for Françoise would do exactly as she please despite what she might say to stop her.
	'Where does this Sarah live?' Françoise crossed over to the fireplace and stared at the empty grate.
	'Warrick House.' Maria had her say and held a hand up to Isobella to stop any more protestations. 'If you must go,' she continued, 'you must have an escort. I will arrange that with Sir George.'
	'Good.' Françoise smiled at her own success and Isobella's defeat. 'And I will bring back news of  Christina.'
	Maria shook her head as the actions of her cousin Françoise reminded her so much of Rachel years before.






















13. AGE OF INNOCENCE
LATE JUNE 1645 – LONDON

Three days later and riding behind an escort of just four men who had been assembled by Colonel Mortimer, Françoise was almost upon Warrick House. She had had to endure a very wet day after the early summer had given up its grip on Oxfordshire and opened its clouds on the green countryside. The wet weather appeared not to bother the seventeen year old girl - in fact nothing seemed to bother her.  As Warrick House came into view she was as impressed at its magnificence as she had always thought she would be, and she very much thought the place was appropriate for a woman of Sarah Richmond's standing. It was fortunate that she wasn't looking at the place before it was repaired for she would then have got a very different impression of the place. As she stood at the approach to the entrance of the building her nostrils were filled with the aroma of wet horses, wet people, particularly herself, and the wet grass which was all around her.

Françoise was greeted first by an elderly servant and then by Sarah who had a warm smile lighting up her beautiful face. Sarah's smile  was met by an equally warm one from Françoise who was armed with an attitude towards Sarah of total friendship.
	'Lady Hanover?' Sarah held out her hand as the girl dropped down from her horse and brushed off as best she could the mud from her royal blue riding gown and matching coat, an act which had very little effect as she was standing in about four inches of the sticky wet dirt.
	'Françoise,' will do just as well, 'she curtsied in front of Sarah even though the hems of her gown and coat sank into the mud. 'Françoise Jacqueline. I rarely use my title of "Lady" except in social circles of which there are so very few these days.'
	'Well enough of these titles,' Sarah continued, 'please do not use the title of Lady when addressing me,' Sarah offered to drop the formality. 'That title came from an unhappy time in my life and only went with the name “Newark” which I am not keen on resurrecting.'
	'Then so be it.' Françoise looked beyond Sarah's shoulder at another woman coming out of the front entrance door
	'Please do go indoors,' Sarah continued speaking to her visitor.
	'Thank you I will.' Françoise accepted the invitation. 'I will gladly do that with some haste for I am already soaked to the skin and there is no purpose in you getting just as wet as I so please go ahead of me.'
	'I will,' Sarah ignored the drips of water falling from her own fine nose before looking over her own shoulder at a figure who was stood in the frame of the door.. 'This is my sister Susanna.' She introduced the woman to Françoise who thought Susanna looked a little unwell with not much colour to her face.
	'I am so very pleased to meet you.' Françoise curtsied as her clothing once again washed through the mud during her moment close to the ground.
	Both women headed for the shelter of the house as Susanna's eyes fixed on Françoise whom she considered to be both attractive and very friendly - not at all like her elder sister Christina had been.
	'I need hardly ask if you got my letter?' Françoise cocked her young head to one side. 'You must have for you seemed to be expecting me?' The rain continued to drip from the front edge of her hood.
	'It arrived by your messenger yesterday, thank you.' Sarah smiled. 'You probably are aware that not so very long ago we had a visit from your sister, Christina – Lady Norfolk??'
	'Yes,' Françoise returned Sarah's smile, 'I did know.'
	'The visit did not go well,' Sarah looked at the ground as if she were ashamed of her declaration, 'I think your sister blames me for what happened to your cousin.'
	'Rachel?' Françoise knew she was right.
	'The same.'
	'Well I am not here to throw blame your way or anybody's way. I am not Christina, I do not seek vengeance which apparently is popular these days. I want only to find out what has happened to my sister?'
	'Do you suppose some harm has befallen her?'
	'I do.'
	'Françoise you had better come into the comfort of our hospitality and explain yourself for I do not understand what it is that you are suggesting about some harm having come to your sister. When you are refreshed we can talk a while.' She looked out towards the very wet escort standing by their horses. 'I will make arrangements for your escort.'
	'What a magnificent place,' Françoise stepped back outside for just a moment long enough to look up at the expanse of Sarah's House. 'The famous Warrick House.'
	'Famous?' Sarah wrinkled her forehead as Françoise stepped back indoors with a puddle following her muddy boots.
	'I have heard it mentioned so often in family conversations and more so in idle chatter in what is left of London's Social life.'
	'I was not aware that there was any social life in London?' Sarah led her young visitor into the Great Hall.
	'None to speak of,' Françoise sighed, 'the war has had its effect I regret to say.'
	'But you are not from London?' Sarah gave a silent command to a servant girl who bowed as all three women passed by her in the doorway to the Great Hall.
	'My home is Bristol, but we have the plague there so I came to London for safety and had hoped to have some fun in the city.'
	Sarah looked hard at the girl and could quite easily see how much she would enjoy any social life which she might have sought out. She smiled momentarily at Susanna who had grown quite pale.
	'I think my sister is not well and we should excuse her if you don't mind.'
	'Of course,' Françoise smiled at Susanna, 'please do go and rest.'
	Susanna returned a forced smile and made her way up the long staircase.
	'Bristol? Yes I had heard that,' Sarah said after her sister had departed, 'but not all of your life for there is a hint of somewhere else in your voice?'
	'French,' Françoise let the word fall from her beautiful lips, 'I was born there.'
	'And that explains your name.' Sarah nodded to herself.
	'Quite so.'  Françoise finished.

Some minutes later Sarah and Françoise were sitting by the fireplace the grate of which was not lit, and after Sarah had issued her instructions to her servants about the welfare of her visitor's escort, the women each took a cup of wine and Sarah began her conversation with the young girl.

	'Thank you for your understanding of my sister's health, the truth is I am worried about her for she has been this way for some days now.' Sarah was pleased to be able to talk to someone of her own standing about Susanna's condition even though she had only known  Françoise for a few minutes. She felt at ease with her.
	'Your thanks are not required,' Françoise gave Sarah a warm smile, 'and illness seems to be rife these days with plague, bad sanitation, shortage of food water and fuel.' She cast her eyes around the Great Hall. 'Although I have to say that you appear to have escaped such shortages here.'
	'You would not say that if you had been here last year.' Sarah shook her head. 'The place was falling down and its roof only fit for burning on fires in the village. Now where do we start?'
	'We start with what I already know,' Françoise drank some of her wine, 'for there is little point in you relating to me a story which I am already familiar with.

For the next few minutes Sarah listened to her young visitor's story and mentally ticked off all the items which neither she nor her visitor would have to repeat. Sarah was impressed by how much Françoise already knew and was very relieved when she did not dwell on the fate of Rachel. As she continued to listen to Françoise she allowed herself to absorb all the details of her young visitor's attractiveness - from her brown eyes with a hint of green and her dark brown hair which was striking although it clearly had very little style to it The girl wasn't slim and Sarah put that down to her age.

	'So to be brief.' Françoise reached the end of her story, 'I am here to find out what has happened to my sister, discover who she met and to where she might have gone.'
	'You said she is missing?' Sarah cocked her head to one side as if to accentuate the question.
	'Well, she has disappeared, which as far as my uneducated head is concerned means the same thing.'
	'This is indeed a very serious matter,' Sarah swallowed some of her wine. 'I can assure you that when she came to see us here she left perfectly well with no hint of danger to come.'
	'I do not doubt it.' Françoise drank more of her wine and almost immediately a slight redness washed over her cheeks.
	'Are there no clues as to what has become of her?' Sarah watched the blemish creep across her face and allowed a thought to enter her head which was that the girl was not use to drinking wine.
	'I have one clue only only and that is that she may well have gone to Naseby for some really odd reason.'
	'Naseby? You know that?'
	'I have heard rumours.' She chose not to elaborate. 'And  she may have made the journey with a man called Carlisle.' She looked down at her wine as if she was considering how much of the crimson liquid she should allow herself to consume.
	'Carlisle?'
	'You know him?' Françoise looked up and focused on Sarah's face.
	'I do know him and he is a complicated and secretive man.' She was pleased that Susanna wasn't listening to her conversation, and she was pleased also that there was no need to go into detail about Carlisle's involvement in the death of one stable-boy and Rachel Hanover. 'Who do you support in this awful war?'
	'Why do you ask?' Françoise thought the question odd.
	'Because it makes a significant difference to how you might feel about Carlisle if and when you meet him?
	'Will I meet him?'
	'If you are to learn what happened to Christina then yes for he seems to be the man who might know where she is.'
	'I know nothing of politics.' She cast her mind back to Sarah's earlier question.
	'But you are not against the ideals of Parliament's  cause?'
	'No.'
	'Then that makes Carlisle a very useful ally to you. He was and maybe is a spy for Parliament so if you are with the Parliament you must accept him as a hero for what he has done against the King.'
	'I suppose so,' Françoise thought hard about it, 'so I am supposing that a different view would be held by those who support the King?'
	'Yes. I can see you understand the situation.'
	'Does this Carlisle live in London?'
	'You aim to meet him?' She watched Françoise nod with absolutely no hesitation.
	'I must if I am to find out what happened to my sister. You have said so yourself.'
	'There are those in London who will know where you can find him. And the same can no doubt be said for those who know him in Oxford.'
	'He lives in both cities?'
	'I understand so yes, and please do not ask me how I know that. You will have to judge the man for yourself. And please I implore you, do not repeat this conversation to anyone else.'
	'You have my word on it, and thank you for speaking plainly to me and for trusting me.' Françoise ended the subject with thought lines creasing her forehead.
	'Goodness, I am forgetting my manners,' Sarah climbed to her feet. 'You are here as a friend and as such you must stay here tonight.'
	'Thank you again.'
	'It is so refreshing to find a Hanover girl who is not seeking revenge for something done in years gone by.' Sarah left the room but only for a minute or two so that she could issue her instructions about her guest staying the night. On her return, and as she made herself towards her chair Françoise gave her an explanation about how her family felt about her as an individual.
	
	'I am not thought highly of by my family for my attitude to life and my outspokenness.' She smiled. 'I annoy my family immensely and I really do not care that I do. Life is too short for any other attitude to prevail as far as I am concerned.'
	'Well,' Sarah let out a tired sigh as she sat down again, 'you certainly are forthright in what you believe.' She thought for a few moments during which time she cast an eye on Françoise and thought that she might not be as innocent as she appeared. 'Forgive my directness but how old are you?' she watched the girl's full lips open as if she might utter a reply. 'The truth please?'
	'Why would I not speak the truth?'
	'You might not if you thought I would tell you more if you persuaded me that you were older than you really are.'
	'I am seventeen.'
	'I thought as much,' Sarah nodded in satisfaction to herself. 'Then be careful.'
	'Of what?'
	'Of this man Carlisle with whom you have every intention of striking up a relationship.'
	'I have not!'
	 'Do not belittle me.' Sarah raised her voice a little. 'You may be able to fool your family but you will not fool me. My sister has experience of Carlisle and she is far older than you.' She held her breath for a moment in silence. 'You also will fall for his charms.' She thought of Susanna's feelings for the man.
	'Seventeen is not young.' Françoise threw in an excuse. 'I know of someone who was married at fourteen.'
	'Do not use that as an excuse, you are my friend and I know this Carlisle. Susanna knows him very well and he will do with you as he pleases.'

Sarah climbed to her feet and made the Huge expanse of the window her attention.
	'Enough of this, she decided to change the subject, 'how well did you know your cousin Rachel?'
	'I met her only once when she lived with Christina....'
	'….in Orleans?'
	'Yes. You know the story?'
	'My dear Françoise all of London know the story.' She took a deep breath. 'Do you want to see where she is buried?'
	'I did not think you knew where she was buried? I thought her body disappeared in Oxford?'
	'Money, my dear Françoise, speaks volumes especially in times of conflict. I paid for her body and I brought her home.'
	'Home? Here?'
	'She was my sister – my half-sister.'

Having seen the look on Françoise' face Sarah felt an explanation was needed and so she gave it and finished with a promise that the girl keep the location of Rachel's tomb a secret. Françoise promised that she would and Sarah had no reason to believe that she would not keep her word.

The following day, with Susanna still unwell, Sarah and Françoise made the short journey to Warrick churchyard and spent a little time by Rachel's grave without any sign of emotion in Françoise's face whatsoever. Once again the women were having to endure heavy rain, and once again the wet weather appeared not to bother Françoise.

By mid morning, and with the rain still falling in torrents, the girl and her escort were on their way back to London where they arrived in the darkness of the following night. In the afternoon of the following day and armed with a small bag of coins and  a few investigatory questions which she asked in the area of Fish Street and the approach to London Bridge Françoise had secured Carlisle's address and committed it to memory. It was no accident or left to chance that she had known to head for Fish Street and the approach to London Bridge for she had remembered the location from her conversation with Colonel George Mortimer earlier in June,  More importantly she learnt of a tavern - The George Inn - where he could be found on most days when he was not at home. She later stepped back into Maria's house where she would spend her evening thinking long and hard about her anticipated meeting with the man. Françoise had made up her mind that Carlisle was exactly the sort of man whom she needed – a man who she could become acquainted with whilst in London yet use his knowledge and influence when she and he reached Oxford. He would also, in her eyes, be good company if she was unable to find any social life in the city.

After a good night's sleep and a longer than usual time spent the following morning dressing and making herself look more attractive than nature had already provided, Françoise abandoned Maria's house on the pretence that she was going to buy something from a market near St Pauls. She headed, in a less than comfortable carriage, along Thames Street and towards the south side of London. She crossed the bridge on foot for the carriage could go no further in the congestion and noisy confines of London Bridge – a few minutes later and having dodged the street sellers, barking dogs and cripples, in much the same manner as her cousin had in 1641, she stood outside Carlisle's house and looked down, without care, at the mud-soaked hem of her gown. Françoise was less than fortunate in her timing for after hammering as best she could on his door with her small hands she decided that he was not at home so she headed for the nearby George Inn.
The George Inn was not a place where she should have gone alone, nevertheless amid lecherous and groping hands she found the man who she was informed was the landlord. Carlisle wasn't at the George, not today, and so she was advised by the man to try another inn which it turned out was quite close to where her carriage had abandoned her at London Bridge. Some time later and after another dangerous crossing of the bridge itself with leering men and almost out of control horses and carts threatening her every move she pushed herself through the door of the tavern where she had been advised Carlisle might be found. A young and grubby whore at once pointed out a man who appeared to fit the rough description given to Françoise by a handful of people and so she found the man whom she had so much need  he was drinking alone at a table with nobody for company. What she did not know, and could never have known, was that she was in the same inn, and at the same table where her cousin Rachel had first met Carlisle in the winter of 1641 – an inn where Rachel's fate and death had been set in stone.

When Carlisle climbed to his feet and took her right hand in his she set her eyes on his Mediterranean style good looks and at once fell for him as only an excited and headstrong seventeen year old could, and just as Sarah had suspected she would. Carlisle wasn't dressed as a lady would have expected but that didn't seem to bother him as he gave her a short bow with his white shirt open almost down to his waist. His hold on her hand did not waiver as he slipped back onto the rough bench.
	'Wine as quick as you like, and two cups.' He called out to a large buxom woman serving at a nearby table, and only then did he release her hand..
	'It is too early for wine.' Françoise tried to refuse.
	'Not for me,' he smiled, 'you can refuse if you like but I warn you I will be insulted if you do.' His eyes fixed on the plunging neck-line of her gown which pressed hard over her breasts and he wondered if she had intended to dress that way. And of course she had.
	'Very well Sir,' she watched his eyes and knew that her choice of gown had been the right one. 'I will take a cup if it pleases you.'
	'It does please me.' At last his eyes abandoned her breasts and met her own eyes. 'And you are?'
	'Françoise Hanover.' She announced rather proudly not expecting the response which he gave her.
	'Another Hanover woman?' He laughed out a great bellow of a laugh. 'I seem to be blessed with them.'
	'Then, Sir,' she found the right answer which ended his laughter, 'I was right to come and see you for I think you can help me.' The wine arrived and he filled both cups.
	'I can certainly do that.' He raised the cup of wine to his lips and Françoise watched as a little of the crimson liquid trickle down into his bearded chin which seemed not to bother him. She followed his actions by drinking her own wine without spilling any of hers.
	'I know who you are,' he grinned. 'Word reached me that you were asking questions about me and so I already know that you are the cousin of the late Rachel Hanover'.
	'I am,' she glared at him. 'The fact is of no consequence for I am not interested in whatever relationship it was that you had with my cousin.' She brought a look of surprise to his bearded face. 'But I am interested in what you know about my sister Christina?'
	'Christina?' He threw his head to one side.
	'Spare me your discretion Sir,' she spoke in a manner which was very educated, 'I have it on good authority that you might know where she is.' She watched him search his mind for what to say next and how to respond to this clever young girl. 'I care not for your politics or what you do when in Oxford, and I care not for what you and Rachel did together.'
	'She did not give herself easily.' He failed to tease her.
	'And I care not what you and Christina did,' she ignored his response, 'but she is missing and I am having the most enormous difficulty in finding out what has happened to her. If she is dead.....'
	'….she is not dead,' he interrupted her.
Françoise could only stare at him in astonishment. After so many failures to find out what had happened to her sister she was surprised to hear him announce the news that she so much wanted to hear.
	'Or should I say she was not dead when last I saw her, and when I returned to the battlefield much later...'
	'...Naseby?' She was growing use to interrupting him and to give herself more more confidence she swallowed more of her wine.
	'Yes.' His eyes took in her beautiful mouth, her bright eyes and her white neck. 'I will tell you all you want to know,' he smiled. 'When I returned for her I searched among the dead and she was not one of them.'
	Overwhelmed with emotion for what he had just said she let out a sigh of relief.
	'Now that I am back in the safety of London there is nothing I cannot say or do.' He abandoned his own bench and threw himself alongside her on the bench opposite where he ran a hand around her neck in a very provocative manner.
	'Then where is she?' Françoise ignored his hand even though she was pleased at the gentleness of his fingertips. She did not, however, ignore the penetration of his brown eyes.
	'I can only assume she was arrested by the King's men though why that should be I am not sure and at this moment in time my contacts in those parts of England which are still loyal to the king are unable to advise me further. But she is not dead Or at least she was not lying with the dead.'
	'Thank God for that Sir.' She smiled and Carlisle detected a slight slur in her voice. 'But why was she at Naseby? It makes no sense at all?'
	'Her story is a complicated one.' He rubbed his chin as he set his eyes on her again but this time without any lust in his thoughts. 'Our story is a complicated one.' He corrected himself.
	'Then tell me? I am still young and know nothing of politics or war but I do know that Naseby was a bloody battle and so I am confused as to why Christina would go there.'
	'How old are you?' he suddenly threw at her.
	'Twenty five.' She lied as she took even more wine for confidence and wondered why so many were curious to know how old she was.
	'Do you take me for a fool?'
	'I beg your pardon Sir?' her cheeks began to redden but not due to the wine.
	'You are much younger than twenty five, I know that from your sister so do not lie to me.' There was suddenly anger in his voice – an anger which frightened her.
	'I am seventeen.' She gave in. 'I hope that satisfies you.' Carlisle detected a tremble in her voice and a little trembling of her hand as she picked up and offered her wine cup to her lips and, at last, her face which had been blemish-free was no longer blemish-free as wine ran down her chin and neck. 
	He looked at her young body and did not reply to her declaration, instead he made himself comfortable next to her and poured her more wine, fully aware of the effect which it was having on her.
	'Let us go back to the beginning,' he started. 'You know of course why Christina came to me, in fact why she came to England at all?'
	'She spoke of vengeance, apparently?'
	'Against Sarah Richmond for the death of your cousin.'
	'But from what I understand,' and once again there was a slur in her voice, 'you were not so innocent in that matter?'
	'What I did I did for Parliament and they think highly of my actions, but I did not kill anyone other than in battle and I did not testify against Rachel.'
	'But the stable-boy who was killed for what he knew?' Françoise was beginning to accept that Carlisle, the man whom her wine-induced desire for him was growing by the minute, was quite innocent.
	'The boy was dead when I found him. I imagine he drowned for I doubt that he could swim.' He added more wine to her cup for his own very good reasons.
	'I see,' was all that she could find to say as she noticed a drip of wine find the back of her hand from her chin.
	'To get back to your sister,' Carlisle watched her struggle to cope with her drink, 'she wanted revenge and with that in mind I offered her a plan to incriminate Sarah in the eyes of the Royalists.'
	Françoise felt her heart beat as she looked into his eyes. She took another mouthful of her wine for comfort and strength as she uncrossed her legs.
	'It was widely known that the King often took his personal correspondence with him to the battlefield so all we had to do was get our hands on some of those documents at Naseby and use them to our advantage.'
	'And did you?'
	'Yes, but I had to leave Christina behind as I had the enemy on my back. I fled with the documents and never saw her again.'
	Françoise sat back as much as her bench would allow and breathed out a long breath of air. 'At long last I have the truth, and for that I thank you Sir.' She smiled at him and brushed her hair from her eyes.

After another half an hour of drinking she actually fell asleep at his table with her head resting on her arms which were spread across the table. Carlisle shook her head, very gently to wake her up, which he succeeded in doing.
	'What happened to the social life of London?' She asked him after taking another mouthful of her wine. 'I came here to enjoy myself, to dance, and to go to theatres.'
	'If you wanted that you should have gone to Oxford,' he joked, 'taken an alias and pretended to support the King and gone there to live.'
	'They still have dancing and other activities of enjoyment there?' She suddenly became alert.
	'Of course, just because we defeated the King at Naseby did not mean that all those past-times would stop. There is still a Royal Court there and no doubt the King will return one day. The whole city is totally royalist and nothing will change that.'
	'I see.' Françoise thought long and hard about his explanation for it all seemed rather simple and just what she had desired from the first moment that she left the West Country for London.
	'Allow me, madam, to remind you of something of England.' He watched her carefully as he became aware of her recklessness. 'There are very few places which are safe. Rape, pillage and murder are commonplace and those facts take no account of which faction has your loyalties – Parliament or the King. You seem oblivious to this fact, nevertheless I implore you do not go to Oxford. If you take no notice of anything else I say do not ignore this.'
	'I would be careful,' was all that her innocence could find as a defence.
	'Not careful enough,' he shook his head, 'look what devastation this war has caused to your family already.'
	'You could help me Sir. You could protect me.' Her eyes melted into his as she hoped for a favourable response which was not forthcoming.
	'In Oxford?'
	'Of course in Oxford.' And as she smiled he decided he would end this line of questioning for he had no way of knowing how much she knew of his double-life.
	'I repeat, my best advice to you again – do not go to Oxford.' Was all that he could offer her.
	'Well I thank you for your advice, Sir, but I tell you now, and you may already suspect it of me, I will in the end do my own thing.' She washed away his warnings and her words made him realise that it would be pointless to continue to protect her with his warnings. 
	Françoise drained her wine cup and straight away felt the effects even more so than the earlier drinks that she consumed. She watched Carlisle through glazed eyes, she stared at his chest through his open-necked shirt and she stared also at his eyes and his long dark hair. And all the time any inhibitions that she might still have had drained from her. 

She did not remember her journey back over London Bridge to his house – no doubt he had carried her for much of the difficult journey. That night, and under the heavy influence of her wine, Françoise lost her innocence and she enjoyed it. All during their heavy physical sex there was something she found tractive about Christopher Carlisle - perhaps it was his aggression against her young innocence. Her young firm breasts were the first to feel his coarseness and eagerness as her soft skin cried out against the roughness of his beard – breasts which had for so many minutes in the tavern been the object of his focus and were now the object of his mouth. She had cried out when he had first entered her but after the first uncomfortable feeling had swept over her she allowed her body to enjoy the dominance which he clearly had over her. She tried her best to hide the fact that the experiences which he gave her were new to her and her attempt to show him that she knew how to please a man did nothing to convince him that she was doing it from experience. Carlisle knew very well that Françoise was utterly inexperienced but it mattered not to him for he was happy to show her what he could do to make his dominance pleasurable for her. The fact that she was a virgin had simply added fuel to his desire for her.
	
That night was the start of a stormy few summer's days with Carlisle, and she spent as much time as she dare at his house when he was there. Despite her sister and cousin arguing against what she was doing and trying in vain to stop her from seeing him she continued to follow her own instincts and do as she pleased with him.

She smiled each time he took her when he was not sober and she cried each time he did the same when he was drunk, but she could not leave him..

The experience may have been good for her for it undoubtedly made her more mature and made her think more like an adult woman should but there was one aspect of her that Carlisle could not change and it would be her downfall. She was still headstrong and would still do as she pleased when she pleased so when the opportunity came upon her to go to Oxford and experience the gaiety and excitement of social life in that city of universities she grasped it with open arms, and it would change her forever. Her experiences with Carlisle and her ever increasing reliance on him would set her on a path of danger that would dictate the rest of her young life. 
----

During those summer days there was no further news of Christina though there were rumours that she had been taken to a safe house which was under Royalist control.


























14. TO OXFORD AND SOCIETY
JUNE - SEPTEMBER 1645

The early summer of 1645 was largely uneventful for Carlisle and Françoise and although he did little to deter her from doing such a thing he was well aware that she was going to go to Oxford and enjoy herself. What he continued to do was to make it quite clear to her that England was still a very dangerous place and going to Oxford, even  masquerading as someone else who was loyal to King Charles was extremely dangerous. And although she may have lost her innocence to him he knew all too well that she would do as she pleased, when she pleased, and how she pleased, so it came as no surprise to him when she abandoned London.

For Carlisle and Françoise there was a moment of hope on the twenty first of June when four thousand royalist prisoners were paraded through London to camp at Tot hill Fields for they both hoped that Christina would be one of those prisoners but they were to be disappointed.

Carlisle and Françoise did discuss the possibility of going to Bristol which was in Royalist hands and search for Christina there but they decided against it when they remembered that there was still plague in that city. And besides there was no evidence that Christina was there. There was one other factor which prevented Carlisle from going to Bristol which was that he would have been risking danger by reverting to his Royalist role as Captain John Lancaster for an unknown length of time and in a city which was unknown to him. 

As the month of June evaporated into July Françoise saw less and less of Carlisle and it wasn't due to him not being in London, it was due to the fact that she was so much younger than him and was becoming bored with him as she still dreamt of  living in Oxford and experiencing society there.

In early July she made her announcement to Isobella and Maria that she had finally decided to move to Oxford.
		'You will not.' was all that Isobella could throw back at her.
		'You would be ill advised to do such a thing.' Was Maria's more calculated and mature response.
		'It is so funny to watch your faces dear family,' Françoise smiled. 'You have reacted exactly as I knew you would. An educated man, a Parliamentary Officer,' Carlisle's face flashed before her eyes for a moment, 'has also tried to persuade me from going and he also failed even though he is much more educated, informed, and well versed in politics and warfare than you two are. Let us not forget that we have a sister who is still missing and I may learn something to our advantage if I am in Oxford. You appear to right off Christina far too easily'
		'Then it is nothing to do with the social life of Oxford?' Isobella tested her.
		'I have to admit that there is an attraction to that already.' The girl watered down the real purpose for her travel plans.
		'Let us make the best of this,' Maria gave in straight away which both please and surprised Françoise. 'You will need a new name for you cannot simply drift into the high places of Oxford and announce that you are a Hanover girl. They cut off the head of our Uncle and cousin.'
		'And what name shall I go by?'
		'I shall consult with Master Cowpepper,' Maria made up her mind. 'I shall write to him tonight and place it in the hands of a trusted rider so you will need to give me a few days for a reply before you begin your foolhardy journey.'
		'Very well,' Françoise smiled knowing that she was on the road to success.
		'You will have to seek out Cowpepper when you arrive in Oxford and you will need somewhere to live so I suggest our house?' Maria reflected on a similar conversation which she had had with Christina.
		'Rachel's house?' Françoise asked enthusiastically.
		'Or my house as it appears to be now, it makes no difference who's house we call it, the place is there for you to use and we are paying for a household who are doing nothing at the moment. We also need to arrange for an escort to take you to Oxford.' She finished.
		'Perhaps my brother Robert?'  Françoise threw in her suggestion.
		'Perhaps.' Isobella joined in the conversation having given up on stopping her sister's foolhardy plans from developing further..
		'Well,' Françoise was tiring of their arrangements, 'we had better be quick or I shall ride to Oxford alone!' She smiled to herself as she watched their faces almost collapse at the thought of her carrying out her threatening action.

		Although she did not hurry to move to Oxford she was on her way out of London by the last week in July.

		Françoise' escort, as she had hoped and suggested, was led by her brother Robert and a handful of his men who were not occupied at that time in any fighting. They had a fortunate and trouble-free journey for the hot summer had returned which made the roads dry if not a little rough with the constant passing of soldiers in and out of London. They spent the first night at 'The Traitor's Rest' as so many weary travellers did and the following hot day they reached Oxford having ridden past Warrick House. Despite being rather impulsive and hot-headed Françoise did at least have the sense not to say anything to her brother about Warrick House, about its occupants or her earlier visit there. She had no idea what, if anything, Robert might have known about the place and there was the added inconvenience of the close proximity of Sutton Manor and its royalist allegiance to the king.

Their journey was brought to conclusion when the City of Oxford came into view ahead of them and Robert prepared to let her go the rest of the way with just a stable-boy which he had brought with them for just such a purpose. He would not risk going into Oxford himself for although it was known that the king was not in the city it was, nevertheless, still hugely loyal to His Majesty which was, after all, one of the reasons why Françoise was going there. Before he  said his farewells to her he gave her a useful suggestion.
		'There is still enough of today left for you to go and call upon Master Cowpepper at his offices. The boy will show you the way and I understand that Cowpepper is expecting you.'
		'Thank you,' she turned and looked at him carefully - something which she had rarely done before.
		'Farewell dear sister.' He gave her a short bow, 'I have no idea when I will see you again so please speak to Cowpepper when you are ready to come home and I will see to it that you come home safely.'
		With her horse standing next to his she was close enough to throw her arms around her brother's neck before letting him go with tears in both of her eyes. 'Yes,' she threw him a final line, 'please do be ready when I call for you.' And that was the first indication that she had uttered about not being entirely confident in what she was doing.  
----
Cowpepper smiled at her as he gave consideration to what he was about to tell her. He rubbed his unshaven chin and gave a little cough.
		'As you know your cousin Maria has written to me about your wish to come here and about your safety.' He began his explanation from his side of his desk.
		'Yes,' Françoise looked hard at him as though she was going to have to fight him for her right to do as she pleased.
		'I have done some investigating and called upon a few people of the gentry here in Oxford whom I can trust, and I find that there is no particular reason for you to revert to another name other than your own.' He sipped some ghastly coloured liquid from a cup on his desk. Françoise made up her mind that it was surely some potion to cure his unhealthy cough.
		'I was led to believe that it would be unwise, even dangerous, to use my own name?' She questioned his advice.
		'Not so,' he coughed again, 'as long as you make it quite clear that you are the daughter of Sir Edward  Hanover and unmarried. You must on no account claim to be related to the Hanovers of your uncle Lord Augustus Hanover who, to the rest of the world was known as Rachel's father.'
		'Should I understand all of this?'
		'Not really,' he shook his head, 'save for the fact that as an unmarried daughter you would be expected to have the same allegiances as your father....'
		'….who supported the King?' Françoise finished his sentence which is why he lived in Bristol and not London.
		'Indeed,' he nodded, 'and further more my contacts have indicated to me that you will be welcome in the royal court and any social gatherings that might take place there.'
		'That is so much what I wanted to hear,' she smiled. 'You have no idea how much that pleases me.' She waited for him to return the smile which he did not do. 'I will do as you say and not mention Rachel or my Uncle.'
		'I hope so,' Cowpepper climbed to his feet and made ready to leave his office, 'And now I will take you to your cousin's house.'
		'Thank you Master Cowpepper.' She too climbed to her feet.
		'And of course I must introduce you to your household who have been informed that you are renting the place.'

A few minutes later they were walking up the lane which led to what use to be Rachel's house before it became Christina's, and as the door came into sight Cowpepper grasped her arm and motioned her to back into an alcove of the house next door.
		'Your sister Christina could not have had the same security in her name as you have, because of her marriage to the Parliamentarian sympathiser Sir Henry Norfolk and I can only suppose it was that fact which was her downfall and why she has disappeared.' He explained not knowing the real reason for her disappearance.
		'I understand.' Françoise was tiring of the conversation.
		'I hope so.' He gave a final cough before hammering on Rachel's door.

Françoise settled in very quickly to her new house and she was liked instantly by her household who took to her young and happy nature as a refreshing change from their two previous mistresses. The hot English summer showed no sign of cooling as July gave way to August and the awful stink in certain parts of Oxford just got more intense and were places to be avoided. During the first two weeks of August Françoise had been invited to and attended a number of social gatherings and within those two weeks she had made a good circle of close friends. In mid August and during a dance at one of her new found friends, she came face to face with a man who she had never met before.
		'Will you dance with me my lady?' He asked as he took her hand without expecting her to refuse.
		'I will.' She climbed to her feet and together they took to the floor. 'And you are?'
		'Edward.' He gave her a short bow as they began to glide across the floor. 'Edward Carter, Captain Edward Carter for as long as this war continues. But I am known as Ned.'
		'And I am Françoise Jacqueline Hanover.' She remembered hearing his name before but only from the ladies of social Oxford.#

She stared into his face and straight away could see why he was so well liked by the ladies of Oxford – those who were married and those who were not. For now she was careful about how much she revealed about herself - it just made everything so much easier and less complicated, a rule of hers which certainly fitted well with her carefree and headstrong attitude to life which was – “To take what you want and need now and suffer any consequences later”.

		'I am pleased to meet you Ned Carter,' she smiled a smile which was almost a giggle, 'Captain Ned Carter.' She added with another smile.
		'Your name is familiar to me.'
		'You know me?' She explored his face and began to admire his good looks and his uniform.
		'I know of you,' he corrected her. 'You are well known in Oxford, and well liked, and I have heard so much about you.'
		'All good I hope?' And then she astonished him by leaning forward and almost whispering in his ear. 'Or all bad?' she finished with a glint in her eye as she faced him again.
		'Well I know that you are one of the famous Hanover women, the ones who can't make up their minds as to who to support in this war.' he smiled for the suggestion was not meant as malicious.
		'Well I am bound to support those whom my father supported for I have not yet taken a husband.'
		'And your father supports the king – that I already know.'
		'Supported!' Françoise swallowed hard as thoughts of her father washed through her memory. 'Supported!' She repeated. 'Twice I have used the word supported. You see my Lord Edward, my father, is dead.'
		'That I did not know.' Ned confessed as he watched a tear form in the corner of her left eye.
		'He was killed at Naseby.' She decided not to add the fact that it was the same battle which took her sister from her for she had no idea how much he knew. 'My Lord Edward never wavered in his support for the king.'
		'No doubt he died well.'
		'No doubt sir but like so many who have lost a father, or a brother, or a husband in this war I am growing increasingly tired of being told that “They died well”. She could not have known that the same thing had been said to Sarah Richmond when her father had been killed. 'I would prefer not to talk of the matter further Sir otherwise I will embarrass you with my tears.'
		'Quite so.' Ned nodded and so the subject was abandoned.. 'So you are far less complicated than Rachel Hanover was when it came to her allegiances?'
		'Rachel?' Françoise questioned him.
		'There is little point in you being so evasive. If you are indeed Françoise Hanover then Rachel was your cousin.' He cast her hesitation to one side. 'Tell me more of yourself?' He led her to a pair of nearby chairs.
		'I was born in France. I now live in England and adoring Oxford.'
		'Born in France,' he thought about it for just a moment. 'Just like your sister Christina?'
		'You know of her?'
		'Yes,' and for reasons he didn't quite understand he deliberately did not mention how well he had known Christina. 

The rest of the evening was spent talking about each other and about each other's families and as the words fell from their lips she took care not to mention her friendship with Carlisle and he maintained his silence about how well he knew Christina and he most certainly did not mention his intimacy with her. One subject neither of them could avoid and one which was common to both of them was Sarah Richmond which of course led to talk of James and the rivalry between Sarah and Rachel for his love. After listening to the royalists perspective on what happened to Rachel at the hands of Sarah, Françoise could see how much Sarah had been involved in the damage inflicted upon her.

As was common with such entertainments in the wealthy parts of Oxford, the dancing and the drinking continued well into the early hours of the following morning by which time Françoise had made sure that she would be escorted home by Ned and escorted to her bed by him.

Their love-making began almost as soon as they had found her bed and continued into the daylight hours with the sun streaming into her chamber and bathing her soft naked and exhausted body in yellow sunlight. At long last and without any deep sleep at all to refresh her she ached for more of Ned but she no longer had the strength to do anything about it herself. As the sound of horse traffic passed by her window she cried out as he surprised her by taking her once again and for the last time that morning.

The guilt which should have washed over Ned for satisfying Françoise in the same bed as he had once satisfied her own sister failed to make him feel any awkwardness towards her. In his mind it was a simple case of coincidence and and certainly not a subject which he should admit to the new younger girl in his life.
Françoise had every reason to expect her night and morning of passion to be one of many to come, and she was not to be disappointed. Neither was she to be disappointed with the numbers of, and quality of the social gatherings which she had grown use to particularly after the king returned to Oxford at the end of August with his army quartered in the city. 

The following morning Françoise, in a half-hearted attempt to find a gown which she had not so far worn began to wonder what the contents were of the chest which had always nestled at the end of her bed - the same bed that her sister had slept in - the same chest where Christina had found Rachel's Journal and promised to take it to Master Cowpepper yet had not done so.

With no sign of a key which would fit the locked chest  Françoise had one of the male servants break it open, and no sooner had it been done than her hands reached inside and, just like her sister found the leather-bound journal lying at the bottom. Unlike her sister she decided that the words were of a private nature and therefore she felt uneasy about reading the contents. In much the same way as Christina had once done she too made up her mind that the journal could not stay where it was and must be placed in the safe hands of Matthew Cowpepper. She did not do so however for her mind was flooded with thoughts of Ned and his dominance over her in her own bed. Such thoughts were so uppermost in her mind that her decision to place the journal in Cowpepper's safe keeping fell from her thoughts and so it was forgotten and the revealing contents of the pages lay unread as she closed the lid of the chest.



































15. BASING HOUSE AND FREEDOM
OCTOBER 1645

The autumn of 1645 was a relatively quiet one for the greater population of England but not for those who supported the king and lived in Basing House in Hampshire, and not for a large number of Parliament's army who were besieging the place with some of the heaviest guns seen during the civil war. During the onslaught of thee house many occupants who were assumed to be catholic were killed, and for anybody in Basing House who were their against their will it was an horrific time.

When the siege was over and the burning building was invaded by Cromwell's forces on the fourteenth of October one lone figure who had struggled to tell Parliament's forces of her identity, was led out of the place and into the hands of the Parliamentarian officers including Cromwell himself. She was not in good health and had difficulty in hearing anything that anyone said to her after enduring the heavy gunfire during the siege. Once her situation had been understood and her face cleaned of its clinging smoky dirt, it wasn't long before a rider was dispatched along the London road to make his announcement to Colonel Sir George Mortimer.  

The following day, and after the rider had told his tale, George Mortimer made his way along the stinking streets of London to Maria's house where he banged on the heavy front door almost without interruption until it was flung open by Maria herself.
		'Sir George?' She explained. 'I came myself when I heard how urgent you call was. I think my servants must be deaf.'
		'Urgent indeed.' he took her hand in his, bowed and kissed it, 'I have news of the utmost importance and joy.' He ignored her casual remark about her servants.
		Maria could only stare at him and as she did so Isobella descended the stairs and caught the end of his words. Between the two of them a servant arrived who should have been at the door to answer it herself.
		'Christina has been found!' He smiled a rare smile.
		'Alive?' Maria whispered although she felt that because the news was joyous in the Colonel's words then Christina would be alive.
		'Alive and relatively well. A little rest and some decent food will go a long way to bringing her back to full health.'
		'Thank God,' she turned to Isobella who flew into her open arms and sharing a few tears they embraced each other. 'Where was she?' Maria broke free of her cousin's arms and turned back to George. 'Please come in.' She remembered her manners as her servant disappeared to the darkness at the back of the house. 'Let us be more comfortable.' She led him towards the great hall with Isobella following close behind.
		'Basing House in Hampshire, we took it from the Royalists yesterday and found her in the rubble. She was most fortunate not to have been injured or worse still, killed.'
		'Why Basing House?' Maria led the three of them into the Great hall.
		'For safety would you believe, she was being held as a hostage because they knew who she was and intended to use her as a bargaining tool but over the weeks of her captivity the reason for arresting her seemed to have been forgotten and instead she became just a liability.' He watched as the servant who had been too late to the front door now carried a very welcome jug of wine to the table and proceeded to de-cant it into three cups.
		'When can she come home?' Isobella felt able to ask her question.
		'Perhaps tomorrow,' he lowered himself into a chair and sipped his wine. 'She has been taken to an inn for safety and for rest.'
		'Does she know about her father?' Isobella knew that she had to bring up what was in every respect a painful subject.
		'She knows.' Sir George excused the women from having the burden of telling Christina themselves.
		'Do we know the circumstances behind her arrest and imprisonment?' It was Maria's turn for a question - one of many questions.
		'I asked her that and she was quite reluctant to tell me. Perhaps you will have more success that I.'
		'I see.' Maria stared out of the window at the dark clouds which were descending on London.
		'All she would admit to was that her estranged husband was not so innocent in her arrest.'
		'How odd?' Maria turned her back on the window and stared firstly at George and then at Isobella.
		'As I say you will have to ask her yourself for more details.' He drained his cup and climbed to his feet. 'And now I must tear myself away from your good company for I have Parliament's business to attend to.'
		'Yes of course,' Maria nodded.
		'Parliament captured a great many of the king's documents from the royalist baggage train at Naseby and I have  been asked, with a number of others who are better scholars than I, to look over the documents in more detail for although the contents of them were made public in July they may be considered useful if we are to put the king on trial.'
		'Trial?' Maria stared at him. 'My God what has this country come to?'
		'It may come to it.' Hde shook his head without elaborating - a moment later he was gone.

Christina, as George had promised, arrived at Maria's house the following day in a closed carriage which came to a noisy standstill outside her house. The driver made sure that Christina stepped safely out of the carriage, with his help, and reached the front door of Maria's welcome house before he climbed back into his driver's seat and with his whip urged his horses into action and a rapid departure.

After the expected greetings and tears had been said and done Maria, looking rather less beautiful than she had in early June, sank into a comfortable chair by the burning fire in the great hall whilst a cup of good wine was placed in her hand by an enthusiastic servant with the promise of hot food to follow.
		'Tell us everything?' Maria held her hand out to nearby chairs close to hers as an invitation for both women to make themselves comfortable.
		'Everything?' Christina looked at her through dark green eyes made all the more dark because of the shadows under them. She gladly accepted the offer of a chair.
		'Sir George has told us much but he did not know or could not say why you were captured and why you were thrown in prison? Except,' she added, 'that he thought Harry had something to do with it?'
		'George Mortimer,' Christina looked at Maria, 'was quite right, Harry was the cause of my arrest and I know not why though I can guess.'
		'Why in God's name would he do that?' Isobella asked.
		'Why do you think?' She was a little hard on her sister. 'Harry is besotted with that whore of an Eleanor York who is his Mistress and he would do anything to remove the inconvenience of me from his life.' She watched Isobella and Maria stare at each other knowingly. 'No doubt he expected me to die in prison or at the very least to fade away and be forgotten. It was only good fortune that put me in Basing House which I did not know was between Parliamentarian sieges at the time. So I did not die which will no doubt be a nuisance for Harry and Eleanor.' She smiled but only to herself and the floor. 'That is not to say that my confinement was in any way pleasant. I was held in a secure room rather than a cell and my guards took it upon themselves to abuse me whenever they could. I will say no more on that subject so please do not ask me to do so.'

The conversation turned to the finer details of the attack on Basing House before inevitably drifting to the subject of why she was at Naseby at all. Christina fell silent before answering whilst she considered how much to tell of Carlisle. She decided to explain how he was to help her but she wouldn't give away his name.
  		'You may remember some time ago that I vowed I would gain revenge on Sarah Richmond for what she did to Rachel?'
		'How could we forget?' Maria was still annoyed at the thought as she chewed her bottom lip.
		'Well I found a man in Oxford who promised to help me so I accepted his offer.'
		'Who was this man?' Isobella cocked her head to one side.
		'My dear sister you surely would not expect me to tell you that for he may still be able to help me.'
		'Do we take it,' Maria was turning things over in her mind, 'that you still seek vengeance?'
		'Why should I not?' Christina was quite astounded that there should be any suggestion that she should abandon her desires for revenge. 'Rachel is dead and nobody has been punished for it.'
		'After all that you have been through?' Maria finished the question which she had started.
		'I have been in prison where I endured such things that I will never forget for as long as I live, and so my determination has grown.'
		
Maria was beginning to fit all the pieces together of what had gone on and what was going on. She decided that now was the time to tell Christina about Françoise, and although she knew not why she had a suspicion that the fact might unlock more details in Christina's mind.
	
		'You might like to know that your little sister has been staying with us.'
		'Why?' Christina had certainly not expected such a revelation.
		' For the same reason as I came.' Isobella called out. 'The plague in Bristol.'
 		'So where is Françoise now?' Christina allowed a crease to stain her forehead.
		'Oxford.' Maria watched her cousin's mouth fall open, much as she had anticipated it would. 'She also called upon Sarah Richmond, became quite friendly with her, and then made plans to live in Oxford in the house where you once lived.'
		'The girl is a fool,' was all that Christina could find to say.
		'Why is she a fool? Maria threw back at her. 'She is unmarried and as such her allegiances are with her father so she is safe in Oxford, Cowpepper has assured us of this.'
		'And why has she gone there?' Christina demanded.
		'For a number of reasons,' Maria worked out in which order to reveal them, 'the dancing and social life and to find out what happened to you. I am not sure which was the more important to her, you know how headstrong she is?'
		'And she cannot know that I am safe?'
		'Indeed so.' Maria nodded. 'She has been in Oxford since the end of July and although she has never written to us we are assured by Cowpepper that she is safe and well thought of in the finer houses of Oxford.'
		'Why has she become friends with Sarah Richmond?' Christina changed the subject.
		'I know not why, she is as you well know a woman who makes friends very easily.' Maria put her fingers to her lips as she considered how to reveal her next declaration. 'She was friendly enough to strike up a relationship with a man called Carlisle here in London.'
		As Maria had expected Christina's mouth fell open again. 'What kind of a relationship?' She asked but almost in a whisper.
		'I do not know the finer details, but I am convinced that your little sister is no longer quite as innocent as she was.'

Christina did not have a response which she was willing to make to Maria or Isobella. She was not close to Françoise that much was certain for the distance between Orleans and Bristol was so vast as to make a close relationship impossible. Nevertheless she could not fail to be shocked by Maria's revelations and immediately made plans to meet Carlisle herself. She had always intended to do this because she had unfinished business with him and he had the documents which she needed. The news about Françoise and Carlisle just made her desired meeting with him all the more urgent.

The very next day, and still a little unsteady on her feet from her confinement and abuse at Basing House, Christina remembered Carlisle's address and made her way to his house hoping that he was in residence and not absent on some military campaign in  Wales, the West Country or Scotland. As she walked down the lanes near the Strand her mind was in turmoil over Carlisle and what he likely did to her younger sister. She knew she had to be careful with him because she still needed his help, just as she did months before when she found herself at Naseby.

About thirty minutes and several hundred paces ahead of her another woman was knocking on Carlisle's front door. The woman was patient and waited for someone to allow her entry so that she could meet for the first time a man whom she had heard might be able to help her. She had long deep red hair which hung in ringlets and her dark eyes stared at Carlisle’s front door. As she listened for the sound of bolts and locks being released she wondered how she was going to introduce herself and how she was going to ask for what she wanted, and more importantly how he would react. Her wandering mind was brought back to reality when the ironmongery on the inside of the door was released and the door opened.
		'Is you master home?' the caller at the door found the safest question that she could start with. 'Captain Carlisle?' She added as an afterthought in case she had the wrong house.
		'My master is at home yes,' the young female servant replied. 'Who shall I say is calling?'
		'Your Master does not know me but my name is Eleanor York and I have urgent need of his help.'
		The girl disappeared and it wasn't long before she returned and opened the door fully as an invitation for Eleanor to enter. 'My master will see you,' she extended the invitation, 'please follow me.'
		'I am not familiar with the name. 'Carlisle called out as she crossed the threshold of his great hall whilst he sat and continued to read the documents which were spread across his table. 'Perhaps you would do me the honour of elaborating on who you are other than just a name?' He threw his words back to her over his shoulder as he continued reading without offering her the dignity of his face.
		Eleanor coughed before passing by his side and turning to face him rather than joining his rudeness by talking to his back. She found a chair at the table which enabled her to sit and face him with his documents on the table which was now to her right.
		'It is difficult.' She began.
		'What is difficult?  All I did was ask you to tell me who you are?' He admired her dark red hair which hung in natural tight ringlets down to her white neck and breasts.
		'I meant my situation is difficult to explain.' She looked at the documents with her large black eyes.
		'Try me.'
		'I am the wife of Sir Henry Norfolk of Yorkshire.' She lied through her beautiful, though not large, mouth.
		'You certainly are not his wife,' he set his eyes on his guest. 'Sir Henry, or Harry as we call him, has a wife who goes by the name of Christina.'
		'Well he is no longer with his wife,' she declared, 'he is with me and that is why I am here.'
		'So you are his mistress?'
		'I suppose so,' she hesitated but one day it will be I who will be his wife which is why I am here.'
		'He has often spoken about you.' Carlisle smiled.
		'Has he indeed?' Eleanor wasn't sure what he intended by his remark what his feelings towards her might be.
		'So how can I help? He sat back in his chair, abandoned his documents, and put his hands on his knees.
		'I have been told that you might be of assistance.' She hesitated.
		'Let me think about this,' he rubbed his chin. 'Your lover has an inconvenient wife and you seek my help in removing her from your life.'
		'Yes.'
		'And how do you think I might achieve that?'
		'I have it on good authority that Christina has spent some time in confinement?'
		'At the hands of the Royalists yes, but now I understand she is free.' He creased his forehead as he tried to work out what she was trying to achieve. 'Freed and brought back to London two days ago.'
		'It would be most convenient if she were to be re-arrested and this time by Parliament.'
		'Convenient for you, yes. How were you hoping to achieve that?'
		'I know not how, not yet anyway.' She sighed as her eyes fell once again on the documents on his table and a seal and a signature which caught her attention. 'These documents are signed by the king?' She observed.
		'How observant of you.' He knew he was annoying her.
		'But I thought the king's documents had been made public in July?'
		'So they were, but not these for they were mislaid and will be reunited with the rest of the documents within days.' He found a plausible reply as he watched her working things out in her mind and paying particular attention to just one of the papers.

As Eleanor and Carlisle fell to an awkward silence in his house, Christina found his front door without any trouble which was fortunate considering she had never been to his London House before. With Carlisle's door facing her she found that she was almost trembling with rage at the thought of him and Françoise together. As soon as the door was released from its locks and bolts she pushed against it using more strength than she thought she had. As the door gave way to her forced entry she pushed aside the servant who had unlocked it, Once inside the hallway she turned back to the servant and threw an apology at her. 'I regret my sudden entrance. Is your master at home?' And then she heard his voice coming from the Great Hall to her left. He sounded like he was talking to somebody so without waiting for a response from the servant she made her way towards the voices.
		'My master is occupied.' The servant called out to her back. 'But if you wait here?'
		'No matter,' Christina ignored the servant and headed towards the great hall. 'I cannot wait.'
		She was met by an astonished and confused Carlisle in the doorway and without hesitation she slapped him hard across his face. Before she had chance to strike him a second time he caught her wrist and brought her actions to an end.
		'That is for raping my little sister.' She raised her voice.
		'You are welcome here Christina Norfolk. I had not expected to ever see you again.'
		'You cannot get rid of me quite so easily as you did at Naseby.' She taunted him and as the words left her lips she saw the confused face of a woman sitting at the long table.
		'Who is that?'
		'My guest,' he grinned, 'and how fortuitous that you should come to me today for this lady is known to you.'
		Eleanor set her eyes on Christina for the very first time.
		'Lady Christina Norfolk I would like you to meet Eleanor York your husband's mistress.' He laughed as he watched the two women examine each other and for a moment Carlisle was unsure which of the two women were the more surprised to see the other. What he did not miss was the speed at which Christina made her way towards Eleanor.
		Whether by instinct or good fortune he wasn't sure but his speed was quick enough to catch the expected hand of Christina as it headed for its target of Eleanor's face.
		'Come.' He dragged Christina unceremoniously away from Eleanor and out of the room. 'Let us go elsewhere where we can discus the matter in private. I am sure this lady would prefer not to hear your rantings or feel your violence.' And with that he turned his back on Eleanor who looked shocked at how close she came to an assault on her face by her lover's wife. 
		The room which Carlisle and Christina entered wasn't as large as the previous room but it did have a table and it did have a good number of books. He brought her to a standstill and let go of what was now a bruised arm.
		'Why is she here?' Christina nursed the arm.
		'I am not sure,' he admitted, 'she certainly did not come at my invitation. All I know is that if it is in her power to do so she means you great harm.'
		'As did her lover, my husband, at the battle when I was arrested.'
		'How so?'
		'When you abandoned me....'
		'....I did not abandon you,' he cut her short, 'I had the enemy on my tail.' He found himself explaining although he didn't know why he should.
		'When you abandoned me,' she persisted and with his version, ' Harry, my husband came upon me and I thought he was going to rescue me but instead he persuaded Royalist cavalry that I was worth taking as a ransom.'
		'I understand,' he nodded. 'It all becomes clear to me now and quite explains why when I returned I could not find your body.'
		'And so I had to endure a violent arrest and imprisonment in Basing House whilst you took my little sister and raped her.' Her anger had returned.
		As  I recall,' Carlisle rubbed the redness on his cheek from their earlier encounter, 'there was no rape involved at all, she cried out to be taken.'
		'I do not believe it,' she turned her head towards the hall as the sound of the front door closing caught her attention.
		'It matters not if you believe me or not,' Carlisle also looked towards the hallway, 'but I can assure you she was ready to lose her innocence.' And with that he walked towards the hallway and looked at the front door. He then made his way back to the great hall with Christina following him like a lapdog. 'Do not make more trouble,' he warned her over his shoulder as he came to a standstill and stared at the long table.
		'So the whore has flown.' Christina also stared at the table.
		'It would appear so.' He looked carefully at the documents as if he was noticing the smallest detail.
		'Is something wrong?' Christina looked past him at the table before turning her attention to the confusion on his face.
		'I am not sure,' he fell to silence for a few moments, 'I think one of the documents is missing, he crossed to the table and began to move the papers about in a careful manner. 'I think that your husband and his lover are planning some mischief and I have inadvertently supplied the evidence for them to achieve that.'
		'Explain yourself?' And for a rare moment in her life she looked worried.
		'A document is missing. Which one it is I am not sure, and since I had not finished reading the contents of them all I do not know how dangerous is the one that she has taken.'
		'Are these the documents which I gave you at Naseby?'
		'The same, but enough of you and any danger you might be in,' he stood up and rang a small bell. 'We had a plan you and I,' he hesitated as the servant girl appeared in the doorway. 'Wine please, as quick as you like and two cups.' He finished as she disappeared.
		'We did have a plan,' she agreed, 'and it was that plan which gave me the courage to survive my ordeal at Basing House.
		'Then we must make sure we complete our task.'
		'You are prepared still to help me?'
		'If that is what you desire?'
		'You know it is.' She looked into his eyes as she neared him and focused on his mouth. She then stepped back as the servant girl returned and place a jug of crimson liquid and two cups on the table which she then, with much practice, filled to their capacity. A moment later she had abandoned the room.
		'Then so be it,' he waved a hand over the documents, 'these will get you what you desire.' He once again took his chair at the table.
		'Why are you still prepared to help me?'
		'You mean after hitting me and ranting and raving in my house, and learning that I had taken Françoise to my bed?' It wasn't a question which asked for an answer. 'I have grown fond of you this summer gone, and when you disappeared I was concerned for your safety so I feel that I have an obligation to you.'
		'What must we do?' She ignored his penetrating eyes as she took her wine cup, swallowed a large mouthful of the welcome liquid, and sat down next to him.
		He too drank his wine before answering. 'These documents are all we need to send Sarah Richmond to prison, but we must be careful how we go about it.' He closed in on Christina by moving his chair towards her. 'They must be found on her property in a place where they would give the appearance of being hidden from view. The Royalists must be made aware of them and they must find them.'
		'In her house?'
		'No, not necessarily, but somewhere close by.' And with that he smiled at the thought of Susanna and her barn and his own experiences there with her. 'Getting access to her house will be too dangerous for either of us.'
		'I agree,' Christina tried to work out what he was planning and she could never have known about his familiarity with the barn at Warrick House.
		'The only other possibility would be to use Françoise for she would be welcome in Warrick House.'
		'Why would she?' Christina was suddenly very worried and very confused as she noticed that he was looking at her breasts.
		'Because she is a friend of Sarah.'
		Christina shook her head, 'how can that be?' She wanted to hear his version of events which brought Sarah and her sister together.
		'Of course,' he climbed to his feet, went round the back of her and ran his fingertips round her neck, 'you do not know?'
		'Clearly not.' She brushed his hands from her neck as if she were brushing away an irritating insect. 'Perhaps you would be good enough to explain?'
		'Françoise lives in Oxford and has done so since the end of July. I have it on good authority that she has made a handful of visits to Sarah.' He watched her shake her head. 'In fact when she is in Oxford she lives in your house, or should I say Rachel's?'
		'This I know.' Christina suddenly had a change of mind and took his hand in hers for comfort. 
		Carlisle squeezed her hand with a gentleness which she had not expected from him. 'She has been accepted by those in high places in Oxford which is exactly what she desired. The point is,' he continued, 'we need to use her to place the documents in Sarah's house.'
		'No!' She looked at his hand in hers. 'We must do this without her.' She watched him shake his head.
		'Impossible, she is the only one who can do it.' he squeezed her hand again, 'I have not been welcome at Warrick House for some time and you are hardly in a position to wander around the interior of that house are you?'
		'No.' She let go of his hand as her mind raced for a solution.
		'So if you and I cannot carry out the task it must be Françoise.' He watched her eyes looking down at the floor. 'Or we abandon the plan altogether and go our separate ways.'
		'No,' she was adamant that their task – her task – must be accomplished, 'but who will ask her to do such a thing?'
		'Well,' he smiled, 'considering that up until a few days ago you were a Royalist prisoner, I would suggest that it would be suicidal for you to go to Oxford and ask her yourself?'
		'You are right of course.' She conceded as she considered how much, if any, danger she might be putting Françoise in. 'But I have no choice.'
		'You have all the choice in the world.' He spoke the truth.
		'No,' she shook her head, 'Françoise will not do it for you but she will do it for me.'
		'And what makes you so certain of that?'
		'Because, unlike you I can argue my case as a member of the Hanover family and a cousin of the woman murdered by Sarah Richmond.'
		'I have lost you to the king's men once already, I do not intend to allow the same to happen a second time.'
		'You speak of choice,' Christina's mind was made up. 'Well now you have no choice for I will go with or without you to Oxford, and remember that  Françoise will listen only to me.'
		'So you keep saying.' He straightened his beard with his fingers. 'So perhaps I can suggest a compromise? I will take you to Oxford and I will help you but do not, I beg of you, step out of your house once we are safely there. Speak to your sister in your house and remain hidden from the outside world.'
		'You can rely on it Sir.' She smiled and as she did so they both knew it was a smile with a lie hidden behind it.'

During the rest of the day Carlisle and Christina made detailed plans about when she was going to go to Oxford and how she was going to persuade Françoise to do what he and Christina had planned she should do. And as they did so neither of them could have known how disastrous Françoise' involvement would be. And certainly had he known what turn of events would take place he would not have embarked on it.









16. A DANGEROUS JOURNEY
LATE OCTOBER 1645

It was late evening when Carlisle and Christina headed down the lane which led to the Hanover's Oxford residence and as they ran and splashed their way through the autumn heavy rain they knew they had chosen well when they had decided to make their way through Oxford in cover of darkness for both of them lived in fear, for quite separate reasons, of being spotted by those who would do them much harm.

It didn't take long for Elisabeth to throw the door open once she had satisfied herself who was on the outside. Life had been so much easier since Françoise had insisted that a spy hole had been fitted into the door since Oxford was now becoming just as dangerous as London already was at night time. Beggars, victims of smallpox and wayward soldiers from either faction roamed the streets particularly at night when they would search for empty houses that they might plunder.

Once inside and each of them having greeted Elisabeth they were brought to a halt by a scarlet nightgown clad Françoise  descending the stairs. Carlisle put his fingers over his lips as his way of letting Françoise know that she should keep her voice down and not make a fuss or show desire or emotion towards him. As silently as they knew how their greetings were completed – a kiss on the hand from Carlisle and a kiss on the cheek from Christina. The young hostess directed them into the great hall before disappearing into some darkness at the rear of the house only to return with Elisabeth and enough wine for all.
		'Elisabeth has become my loyal servant,' Françoise smiled at the girl as they took their seats by the blazing fire. 'She would do anything for me and she will keep her silence.' She indicated for the girl to leave the room which she did without hesitation. Christina watched as the door was closed behind the servant girl.
		'I hope you will be as accommodating to me as Elisabeth is to you,' Christina lost no time in beginning her necessary explanation with a mouthful of the spiced wine,' for there is something that you alone must do which requires courage for I cannot do it alone.'
		'In fact you cannot become involved at all.' Carlisle reminded her. 'You must stay away from what we hope to achieve here with  Françoise and later at Warrick House.'
		'Warrick House?' Françoise was confused and she too took a mouthful of her wine for mental strength.
		'We have documents which are signed by the king and must be placed where they would look to have been hidden at Warrick House.'
		'Why?' she stared at Carlisle.
		'To implicate Sarah so that she is arrested.'
		'No,' she shook her head. 'I do not want to do it. I cannot do it.'
		'I know his manner is not gentle or pleasing,' Christina explained as she took Françoise's hand in her own before giving a sideways glance in Carlisle’s direction, 'You yourself know that.' She smiled as her mind conjured up images of Carlisle taking away Françoise’s innocence in his usual rough and hurried way. 'But please do it for me and for our family - but most of all for me.'
		'Persuade me?' Françoise threw her sister a ray of hope.

For the next few minutes old ground was covered yet again on the subject of Rachel's death and Sarah’s involvement in her arrest. The conversation then moved onto Christina and her love for James Sutton and her need to have Sarah removed in case any old feeling on either her part of James' part came back to haunt her.

		'So,' Françoise thought hard, 'You want to remove Sarah just like Rachel did?'
		'I suppose so.' Christina gave in.
		'Then for you I will do it,' she nodded. 'I will do it for the family, but most of all I will do it for you,' she almost finished, 'but I will not do more so please do not ask me again.' She finished.

It was agreed that Christina was to stay indoors for her own safety. It was further agreed that Carlisle, with the documents, would slip out of the house before daylight and wait for Françoise about a mile away to the east where he would be safe. Once the two of them had made their rendezvous they would ride together to Warrick House where he would keep a safe distance from her whilst she went to the house and hid the documents in a safe place in the barn on the pretext that she was securing a resting place for her horse. Once a suitable period of time had passed and Françoise had exchanged her pleasantries with Sarah then she would leave and meet up with Carlisle once again so that she could enjoy his protection back to the outskirts of Oxford. It was a simple enough strategy but one that could go very wrong indeed.

The evening's conversation became more light-hearted as wine was consumed and the two women began to talk of love, Christina on the subject of James and Françoise on the subject of Ned. Both women found it amusing that each had enjoyed love and love-making with two men who were friends with each other and Christina's relationship with James simply cemented Françoise' agreement to hep her implicate Sarah.

Whilst their talk proceeded Carlisle couldn't help but smile at both women in turn since he had taken Françoise before any other man had done and in a strange but laughable way he had almost done the same with Christina on the road to Naseby. When Carlisle climbed the long staircase to his chamber for the night he could hear the sound of the heavy rain on the windows – rain which he hoped would cease by the end of the night.

The next morning the two women climbed from their beds and Françoise made ready to go whilst Christina made ready to wish her luck and remain behind. Carlisle had said he would arrange a good horse for her at the stables which he was most familiar with and as Françoise covered the short distance with one of her armed male servants for protection she found that Carlisle was true to his word as the magnificent grey was ready and waiting for her. It wasn't many minutes before Françoise armed with a pass to leave Oxford which had been supplied by Carlisle, was splashing her way out of the city towards where she knew Carlisle would be waiting. She was pleased to find that the weather was now dry with white clouds rushing across a blue sky. She was pleased to see Carlisle a few minutes later after feeling very alone and vulnerable for the mile or so that she had ridden alone.
		'I chose well.' Carlisle looked down at her horse as she came alongside him. 'You have a fine horse and he should do us well today.' He could not have known how untrue that statement was.

As they reached midway between Oxford and Warrick House a strange occurrence befell them and it all happened so quickly. Françoise was a few paces behind Carlisle on a section of road which was so flooded that two riders would have found it impossible to ride next to each other. A fox rushed out of a hedgerow on Françoise' right-hand side with such speed that her horse was startled, reared up and threw the otherwise relaxed girl backwards where she hit the muddy ground with quite a thud and a splash. She was fortunate that the horse did not land on her and she could only stare at him as he struggled to stand up. Stand up he did after a great deal of commotion and noise and with help from Carlisle who had taken only a moment to ride back to her and jump down from his horse.
		'Are you hurt?' he put his arm around her in one of his rare moments of concern.
		'No,' she shook her head, 'but I suspect he is.' She nodded her head in the direction of her horse who was looking very sorry for himself and breathing very heavily.
		With Françoise lifted carefully to her feet Carlisle examined the horse and shook his head. 'He will not go further with anyone on his back today.' 
		'But he will recover?' Françoise threw him a typical woman’s concern for her animal.
		'Yes after a good rest, and so he is no help to us today for our ride to Warrick House.'
		'What do we do?' She stared at him.
		His plan came from his lips so quickly that she could have been forgiven for thinking that the whole thing had been arranged in advance, it hadn't of course, it was simply the way his tactical soldier's mind worked. 'You will take my horse and ride back to the stable in Oxford where you will gain a fresh but sturdier mount.'
		'And you?'
		'I will walk with this poor animal so will be a considerable way behind you when I reach the city. Tell the stable boys what has happened and they are to be ready to receive this injured animal.'
		And so the simple plan was put into action as Françoise was helped into the saddle of Carlisle's horse before kicking the animal into action and heading for Oxford alone. As she disappeared over a hill in the flooded road Carlisle suddenly remembered that she was riding with one of the king's papers in the saddlebag – the document which he had planned to use as incriminating evidence against Sarah. At that moment, and alone on the open road, he was glad that he had left the other documents in a safe place in Oxford. Whilst he hoped that there was nothing sinister in the existence of correspondence signed by the king lying in the saddlebag of the horse which Françoise now rode he could not help but be concerned by it. And he was right to be concerned for disaster was soon to strike his young friend  and it would be a long time before he saw her again.
    
During his long walk back to Oxford, and it would be long because they were one and a half hours out of the city when the accident happened, Carlisle did not encounter anybody on the road except for one old horse and cart carrying barrels of something away from the city. After two hours walk he became concerned that Françoise had not come back with her fresh horse and his horse. As the strong breeze increased in strength he started to work out how far he should go before stopping, it was after all broad daylight and he was heading towards lands where his true identity might be a problem. After a further one hour walk, and as noon approached, he finally came to a rest and leant against a fallen tree by the roadside with a hedge behind it giving a little protection. In the distance he watched a carriage approaching which was a rare sight indeed given that the war-torn roads were a dangerous place with ambushes from the hedgerows common. The carriage was not alone however for half a dozen soldiers accompanied it – soldiers who wore the red sash of the king. He decided to stop the vehicle and ask if the driver had seen a lone woman on his travels. It wasn't necessary to  indicate to the driver to stop for the driver and his entourage did that anyway. Before he had chance to call out to the driver a good looking middle aged woman filled the window in the door of the carriage with her face and smiled at him.
		'Can we help? Are you stranded?'
		'Not stranded,' he took in her good looks and fair hair, 'I am waiting for someone who should have left Oxford sometime ago.'
		'We have seen nobody,' she admitted and then she looked over her shoulder to her travelling companion. 'Have we?' She called out.
		  'Not a soul.' A second face appeared at the window, a rather effeminate face and Carlisle couldn't help but wonder why the two of them were together.
		'Thank you,' he gave the woman a short bow, 'I wish you well on your journey.'

As Carlisle watched the carriage continue its journey he couldn't help but smile at the sight of the woman still leaning out of the carriage window smiling back at him. And neither could he help being concerned for Françoise because she should certainly have come back to him by now. He made up his mind to return to the city but not until darkness had fallen so he made himself as comfortable as possible just off the road and waited a lonely wait. He watched the weather closing in from the north with heavy almost black rain clouds gaining control of the skies. A few minutes later the rains came down and he resigned himself to getting wet as he had left his cape on his horse as well as the document in the saddle-bag. As the weather worsened he began to consider that the loss of his cape was worse than the loss of the document but not the loss of Françoise .

Carlisle thought back over the past twenty five years of his life and wondered why he was now in the situation that he was in. For a rare moment he conjured up images of his mother and father who were both dead. He had only been three when they died in London in 1625 of the plague and because he was so young at the time of their deaths the images of his parents were somewhat vague. He could understand why his father had refused to leave London when the plague struck because he had certain Parliamentary duties to carry out, but he was, and always had been, confused why his mother didn't leave the city, perhaps for their house in Essex. Having been banished from London to a relative in Banbury he learnt of his parents death from his uncle whom he adored until that man too died from smallpox in 1627. Once he reached a suitable age he was allowed to return to London and claim the properties which were rightfully his following his father's death – a good size house in London and a vast estate in Essex and a much smaller estate in France which he had never seen. Although his father had been a knight Carlisle had chosen not to add the title to his own name preferring instead to keep his name simple, indeed he even disliked his own first name and was happy to be known simply as Carlisle.

For a man who had been so sure of himself and his actions and  exhausting planning to aid his never ending commitment to Parliament's cause he now wondered why he was aiding Christina in her desire for revenge. With no solution to his silent question he cursed the events of the day so far as the rain dripped from his black hair above his forehead and onto his nose and cheeks. He climbed to his feet and stared at Françoise’s lame horse which was looking very wet and very sorry for itself, and at that moment he decided to continue his journey to Oxford as the autumn darkness couldn't be far away.

In one respect he was thankful for the poor weather because for the most part it kept any potential travellers indoors and so he was not recognised by anybody on the roads or in the streets and lanes of Oxford. The stinking thoroughfares of Oxford were deserted save for those who had no home to go to and no inclination to wonder what Carlisle was doing out in such weather. Once he reached the stables he found that the usual stable boy was in a deep sleep in the dry hay, so much so that he had to kick him awake.
		'Sir?' The body stirred into life and jumped to his feet.
		'You remember me from this morning when a lady and I came to you and took two horses?'
		'Yes Sir.' The boy went straight to the lame horse and examined it with experience in his young hands.
		'He is lame,' Carlisle answered his silent question. 'He threw my travelling companion before falling heavily.' Carlisle looked around the familiar stables and even in the gloom of the evening he was concerned that there was no sign of his own horse which he had placed at Françoise' disposal. 'I sent my lady on my own horse back here some hours ago, where is she?'
		'No idea.' Was the simple answer from the boy as he wiped his nose on the back of his sleeve. 
		'She has not returned?' Carlisle was beginning to get seriously concerned for both her and the incriminating document.
		'No sir,' the boy began to lead the lame horse away but Carlisle brought him to a halt with a hand on his shoulder.
		'Are you telling me, and please think hard on this because the matter is very serious indeed, that my lady did not come back here?'
		'That is the truth of it Sir.' And with that the boy continued to lead the horse to a comfortable part of the stables.

Having no need to linger any longer Carlisle made his way back onto the streets and headed for the Hanover house. Once inside, and with Elisabeth bolting the door behind him he found a rather distraught Christina descending the stairs.
		'Why are you alone?' She threw at him and there was worry in her face. 'Where is Françoise?'
		'I do not know,' Carlisle shook his head. 'I rather hoped she was here?'
		'She is not! She left with you and I expected her to return with you.'
		'Then she is missing.' Carlisle held his hands in front of himself as a kind of capitulation. 'A situation you yourself are not unfamiliar with.' He coughed an unhealthy cough. 'I need hot water, wine and hot food, and then I will explain.' He finished.

Not many minutes later the two of them were comfortable in the great hall by the fire and each had a wine cup. Carlisle explained in greater detail than he thought was possible, the events on the road to Warrick House. As he continued with his explanation, and with no questions from Christina during his story telling, he watched her face contort with fear for her sister's safety, and then he watched her tears fall as if there would be no end to them.

		'A tale of disaster I regret to say,' Carlisle enjoyed the warmth of the fire as he waited for Christina to compose herself. 'We were stranded with only one good horse so we did what we had to do.'
		'There is no “had to” about it.' Christina struggled over how she could blame him, 'You could have walked back here together and then she would have been safe!'
		'Françoise was not strong enough to do such a thing, so we had no choice but to separate.' He dismissed her accusation as the rantings of a distraught sister.
		'And there no inns where she might have taken shelter before she reached Oxford?'
		'None that I know of.' He shook his head. 'And as she knows the countryside even less than I do I am not holding out any hope for her having found one.' He watched her rise from her chair and begin to pace the room with clenched fists.
		'What now?' Christina gave in to the inevitable.
		'I return to London tomorrow.'
		'And what do I do? I cannot just forget about her and go with you?' Once again Christina's tears began to fall.
		'I would not expect you to. I will do what I must in London and return for better news from you next month.' He finished.
		Christina nodded having realised that that was all he could do. 'How serious are the contents of the document that she was carrying?'
		'It is not the contents that concern me, it is the fact that the documents are found on her at all.' He summed up the seriousness of the situation.
		'Horrible!' Christina found a way to end the subject quite well indeed. 'I am found and she is lost. Is there anything else that can befall this family of mine?' She watched him shake his head and for once she thought he was concerned for her and her sister.
		'Your own situation,' he thought carefully, 'is far from safe. What to do with you?' He set a quizzical look on his face.
		'What do you mean?'
		'Before I came back here I called upon Master Cowpepper to give him the courtesy of your arrival in Oxford and Françoise's disappearance. Whilst I spoke to him he advised me of certain developments in London - developments which will affect you.'
		'Go on?' Finally she sat down.
		'On the twenty second of October Lord Digby's correspondence which was captured at Sherburn was read out in Parliament, revealing the extent of the King's negotiations with foreign powers. Since you are French and a Catholic I would suggest that life is about to become very dangerous for you if you return to London.'
		'I see.' Christina could find no better response.
		'You always knew that you would be in danger here in Oxford having been arrested once already, unless you remained behind closed doors. Well it is no less dangerous for you in London with Puritan rule everywhere and you being a French Catholic. I cannot take you north because that is where your estranged husband lives when he is not in London....'
		'…..Yes I do know that.' Her black eyes – black through anger – fixed on him.
		'...And even when he is in London,' Carlisle ignored her interruption, 'his mistress is there with him, a woman who probably has in her possession one of my documents to use against you.
		'Well,' Christina swallowed hard, 'it is not an idyllic situation I agree.
		'In fact,' he looked into her eyes, 'I am considering making arrangements to take you back to France.'
		'No.' She shook her head. 'Not yet.'
		'Well think the matter over.' He swallowed more wine. 'And just in case we have to do that I would urge you to write down the name of the ship which brought you to England, the name of her Captain and how I can get hold of him?'

The following morning, and again under cover of darkness, Carlisle said his farewells to Christina and left her with a warning. 'It will soon be November, and by the time I return another month will have passed and and the weather may be against us, in such circumstances I will come as soon as the weather allows.'

Carlisle rarely spoke anything more true than that. The snows of December would indeed come unlike news of Françoise and her fate.

After he had abandoned her house for London she took to her bed and allowed her tears to fall again. She knew that she could do nothing about her missing sister without endangering her own life. She was utterly helpless and the fact made her tears flow more freely.

By morning her tears had gone and as she allowed Elisabeth to go to work on her hair, her face and her gown her mind and her eyes drifted to the chest at the end of her bed and it was then that she remembered Rachel's Journal which she assumed was still lying at the bottom of the piece of furniture.
		'My God!' She mouthed to herself so that Elisabeth couldn't hear her words. 'Rachel's Journal.' She again mouthed to herself but this time not so silently and this time Elisabeth heard her. 
		'My Lady?' The servant girl was confused at the words and even more confused when Christina abandoned her seat and hurried, half-dressed to the chest.
		'This is not locked?' She turned to the girl and without waiting for a response flung open the lid and reached inside the chest where she was relieved to find that the journal was still there. 
		'Your sister Françoise had the lock broken open. 
		'I see,' Christina allowed a look of confusion to wash across her own face as she realised that her sister may have read the journal and if she had then why was it still here?
		'Is everything in order my lady?' Elisabeth had a slight tremble in her voice.
		'Yes, yes of course.' Christina lied as she dragged the journal from the chest and held it in front of her. 'You must do me a great favour?'
		'Of course my lady.'
		'This must be given to Master Cowpepper when you are able? I have been told I cannot wander out of this house so I cannot do it myself. Do I make myself clear?'
		'You do.' Elisabeth wasn't quite sure why her mistress couldn't do it herself.

It had been a grave error on her part for Christina to say “when you are able” for such a statement in Elisabeth's mind indicated that there was no urgency in the matter and so for a painful and frustratingly long time Rachel's Journal lay in the kitchen where it gathered dust – still unread and still hiding it's secrets!
		























17. REUNIONS
LATE OCTOBER TO EARLY NOVEMBER  1645

With another, largely uneventful, summer coming to an end, and Christmas not too far away, Sarah rattled around Warrick House totally oblivious to the events which had taken place on the road between Oxford and her own house. Sarah continued to nurse her sick sister Susanna who had taken a turn for the worse since the summer and now spent most of her time in bed. Sarah had summoned two different physicians to attend to her sister, one from Oxford and one from London and despite their various obnoxious potions Susanna's health did not improve. Both medical men suggested it might be smallpox but with the absence of any red marks on Susanna's face Sarah decided they were wrong and so she allowed the passing of the days to flow by as she hoped for a return soon of her lover William Hallet, she hadn't seen much of him during the summer and she had heard that after the capture of Tiverton Castle he was with Faifax's army which was preparing to take up winter quarters around Exeter. Once the army was settled she assumed he would return to her for a few weeks for he had never before spent the winter with the army.

Sarah spent the last days of October writing and continuing with her needlework whilst looking out of the great hall windows at the weather which was very wet. She was so glad that Cowpepper had organised for her house to be repaired with particular attention paid to the open roof. Warrick House was now back as it once was except for the ruined gardens and the lack of her mother and father. Sarah was now twenty two years of age and she had for a long time thought that had there been no civil war she would now be married to James and would have at least the beginnings of a family. Instead she had been married and widowed and lost James and the chance of children was a distant memory especially with Will being away so often. In any case, she constantly reminded herself, she would continue to refuse to be Will's mistress and have his children. She had never contemplated bringing up one or more bastard children.

It was on the first day of November that Will Hallett returned to Warrick House just as Sarah had hoped he would. With his horse abandoned in the still overgrown driveway and the cold evening approaching Will took Sarah in his arms and held her for what seemed to her like minutes which she very much enjoyed. All of her weeks of planning for his return now fell into place and she was determined that once they were in bed together after a good meal and plenty of wine, she would enjoy him as much as she could. One night of passion would wipe away the heartache of her loneliness - of that she was certain.

In Oxford, and on the same day and evening, Christina welcomed James to her house with her arms around his strong neck and her lips buried hard in his. As he slipped an arm around her slim waist and pulled her against him she knew that he wanted her and she would not disappoint him. They did not break their embrace when Elisabeth passed by them with a casual remark as she ignored their show of passion.
		'I will put hot food on the table my Lady, with ale and wine.' Her matter-of-fact remark fell from her lips before she disappeared.
		James took Christina's deformed hand in his own and almost dragged her into the great hall where he pushed her backwards towards the end of the long table.
		'In God's teeth not here,' she cried out like her cousin had done so long ago in a similar situation when James' arousal pushed into her.
		'Why are you here? In this house? In Oxford?' He ignored her resistance and put his right hand on her left thigh at the same time as he pressed his lips against hers again.
		Christina kissed him for as long as she could before tearing her lips from him to take a breath of air. 'Let me throw the question back at you,' she gasped, 'what made you think I was here? I rather imagine this is not a chance call?' She brushed his hand from her thigh as her need for an answer overcame her desire for him and as she did so Elisabeth came in with the promised ale and wine whilst rather ignoring what was taking place between the two lovers.
		'No it is not by chance that I call on you but you see I knew you were here. The stable boy who prepared our horses last summer told me he saw you arrive in the city some days ago.'
		Christina was more than a little concerned that a mere stable boy should know she was in Oxford when she was trying to keep it a secret. If he could know it then he might have told others -  others who may do her some harm. It was now that she had to make up her mind how much to tell James about Carlisle, about Naseby and her desire for revenge over Sarah – it didn't take long for her to decide to lie about it. As far as she was aware Carlisle was partly responsible for James' father's death so she couldn't admit to knowing him and allowing him in her house – and she couldn't mention Naseby for she would have to explain why she was there which would have invited so much explanation from her. She decided to use Françoise as her excuse, but first she waited for his questions to begin as they most surely would. Despite her physical desire for James she knew that she was in love with him like she had never loved anyone before and sooner or later if their relationship continued she would have to tell him the truth – but not yet. And so her lying was just a short term thing, at least that's what she told herself. As James began to loosen her gown and release the confines of her clothing around her breasts she knew that any questions which he might have thrown at her would not come yet.
----	
Three hours ride away at Warrick House Will took Sarah to her bedchamber where he helped her to remove her clothing in a slow and deliberate act before he lifted her onto her bed in the most gentle of manners which she had become so use to with him. They had brought wine to her chamber the effects of which ensured that they would be even more relaxed than they already were with each other. Will made love to her with as much passion as he had the first time he had bedded her, and as he entered her slowly and carefully she cried out in pleasure. One hour later and with his strong hands caressing her firm breasts she helped him to make love to her again as she rolled over onto her stomach by raising her hips clear of the bed. She wasn't careful with him - her love was too strong for that, and as before she knew that there was every possibility that she might become pregnant by him on this most satisfying of nights. Each time he came to her from his travels and then left her again she could not banish thoughts of pregnancy from her mind, and if the inevitable did happen she was determined that he would wed her.

Having listened to Susanna coughing an unhealthy cough all night, Sarah sat by her sister's bed early the following morning and gave her such medicine as she had which she doubted would do her any good. She kept the heavy curtains closed just in case Susanna had smallpox and if she too caught the disease then so be it for someone had to nurse her. Whatever the disease was Susanna did at least have her faculties about her and so Sarah could talk to her on any subject which was a comfort to either of them.
		'Did I hear Will last night?' Susanna asked Sarah through a very husky voice.
		'Yes.' She made herself comfortable on the edge of the bed.
		'And how long will he stay this time?'
		'A while I hope now that winter is approaching save for a short journey which he must make soon.'
		Susanna lifted herself almost to a sitting position and put the back of her hand on her sister's cheek. 'What is to become of you two?'
		'I wish I knew,' Sarah smiled at the sight of her sister sitting up. 'I just wish I knew.'
		'Would you marry him? If he asked you?'
		'Well he failed to do that,' Sarah shook her head, 'and I cannot make so bold as to ask him.'
		'But you could make a suggestion?' Susanna was speaking rather intelligently.
		'What kind of suggestion?' She took Susanna's fingers from her cheek and kissed them.
		'Well if it were me I would dwell on the fact that you want children, that you need children. You need an heir for the Richmond estates and the Richmond name.'
		'It might put him off me and I will loose him?'
		'Then you will be no worse off than you are now?'
		'I suppose not.' Sarah thought carefully over Susanna's words which in every respect were correct and sensible. 'I shall ask him when he returns.'
		'Returns?' Susanna couldn't quite believe that Will was going away again. 'Returns from where?'
		'A short journey as I said a moment ago. He has a meeting with Fairfax's officers not too far from here. Something about the forthcoming siege of Oxford. He will only be gone for three days.'
		'Well use those three days well,' Susanna insisted with an air of dominance. 'Work out in your head what you will say to him when he returns.'
		'I will,' Sarah promised as she thought long and hard about being married to Will when, for most of the rest of her life except for the intolerable marriage to her cousin Roger, she had only wanted to be married to James.
----
That same morning in a cold bedchamber in Oxford Christina lay in the arms of a sleeping James as she watched the sun climb over the buildings to the east. With no particular subject occupying her thoughts she waited for the first of his inevitable questions about the missing weeks and months. She ached from their love-making but it was a pleasurable ache not a painful one and she smiled at the possibility of arousing him again to repeat the act. The energy expended by him to provide her with so many hours of utter pleasure had taken its toil on him as her attempts to arouse him again and put his seed into her failed and she was forced to admit a defeat which even her French ways would overcome. She gave up on him and fell back onto her bed on her back and as she did so she knew that last night's delayed questions would be delayed no longer.

		'Are you going to tell me anything?' His voice surprised her because she thought he was still asleep, instead his lips were touching her right ear.
		'Anything?' She delayed her answer and various replies drifted around her head.
		'Well,' he kissed her ear, 'since I know nothing of your absence from the world for so long I cannot ask you a specific question.'
		'I was in prison,' her answer fell from her lips and she knew it was the only one she could give.
		'Where?' He was a little stunned by her reply.
		'Basing House.'
		'You were a Royalist prisoner? My own men locked you up?'
		'Yes they did,' she spoke the truth, 'and I suppose it was because of my marriage to Harry, my husband who fights for your enemy.' This was at best just a half-truth without the mention of Naseby or Carlisle.
		'Well,' he raised himself onto his left elbow, 'I need hardly ask how you were released?'
		'It could have been worse, I could have been imprisoned in Oxford Castle and there I would still be to this day.'
		'But you came back here. Why?'
		'To find my sister, she appears to have disappeared.' She was fully aware that that wasn't quite the order in which events took place.
		'Tell me of her?'
		'Her name is Françoise and she is only seventeen.'
		'Where was she when she disappeared?'
		'We think on the London road, the Oxford to London road.' Christina made her first mistake but she was ready to cover it up.
		'We?' James looked down at her and brushed her right cheek. 'Who is we?'
		'Master Cowpepper and I,' she lied quite magnificently. 'We think she was on her way to visit Sarah Richmond.'
		'I am becoming quite confused by your revelations,' he gave a heavy sigh. 'You must tell me more so that I can help find her if such a task is within my powers.'
		'She had made a bond with Sarah, I know no more than that and she was in Oxford for the social life which still  exists – a fact which so pleased her. She was safe here because she is unmarried and her father, our father, was a Royalist.' She finished with the truth as James lay on his back in deep thought. She breathed a sigh of relief at her successful replies.
		'I shall see what I can find out,' he threw out a lifeline to her, 'but clearly she must have done some wrong to disappear the way you claim. If she has been taken it may not be by Royalist's or Parliament's men, there are all sorts of vagabonds and thieves and murderers on the road. In fact I would even venture that it is far from certain that she is even still alive.'
		Not surprisingly his suggestion brought tears to Christina which led him to comfort her.
		'The king returned to Oxford on the fifth so I may be able to talk to his advisers about your sister, but I urge you not to hold out too much hope of a speedy solution to her disappearance.' He began to work out a plan in his mind. 'But first I must ride to Warrick House and speak to Sarah.'
		'Why?' Christina had not expected him to say such a thing which alarmed her because her lying may be uncovered by Sarah's version of events.
		'It may be that Françoise did go to see Sarah as you suggested,' he knew he was clutching at straws, 'so we must exhaust that possibility before I go and perhaps make a fool out of myself before the king.'
		'I suppose so,' Christina had no choice but to accept it because she couldn't now say that Françoise was going there with Carlisle to plant documents which would incriminate Sarah. As she turned away from him Christina could not prevent the tears from forming in her eyes once again and she wasn't sure if they came from her fear for Françoise's safety or the lies that she had just told the man she loved - or the fact that her lover was going to see the woman who should have been his wife.

With a strong horse under him James made good progress out of Oxford towards Warrick House even though he had to battle a near storm with strong winds and heavy rain. His black mare paid no attention to the weather for it was as nothing compared to the battles which she and her rider had endured over the years. It was not an encounter which James was relishing as he thought long and hard about seeing Sarah again. His thoughts conjured up all kinds of different scenarios that might take place when he came face to face with her again. Keeping his mind active as he rode was all he could do to relieve his boredom as his faithful horse headed for Sutton Manor as it had done so many times before. All James would have to do is to persuade his faithful mare that she had to divert to Warrick House rather than his own home.

		'Is it safe to come in?' James called out through the wind and the rain to Sarah who, with mouth wide open, stood in the doorway of her house and watched a very wet stable-body attend to James' horse.
		'Yes,' she stood to one side as her former lover brushed past her with a very wet cape over his head.' In fact your timing is perfect for my man is away for a few days.'
		'It was not my intention to disturb you, I come on important business hoping you might be able to throw some light on a great mystery.' He kissed the back of her hand and stared into the familiar blue eyes that he once loved so much.

It wasn't long before hot food arrived with ale and wine to follow as the two of them approached a large log fire in the hearth of the great hall.

		'Does the name Françoise Hanover mean anything to you?' James suddenly threw at Sarah as he stared at the fire and swallowed his ale. 
		'Yes,' Sarah nodded, 'why do you ask?'
		'When was she last here?'
		'Some months ago at the end of the summer.'
		'Not since then? Not as recently as a few days ago?'
		'James,'  She smiled at him as only an old friend could. 'I am not in the habit of lying to you.'
		'Please accept my apologise.' He smiled back. 'I had it on good authority that she treated you as a friend and since she has gone missing I just wanted to make quite certain that she did not become lost on her travels and end up here for refuge.'
		'I can assure you she did not, and what is this about her going missing?'
		Although there wasn't much to tell, James did explain all that he knew of Françoise's movements on the day that she vanished. Although his tale was a brief one it was time enough for him to finish his ale.
		'And how have you become involved in Françoise's movements and apparent disappearance?' Sarah was intrigued to see how he was going to answer because she had already heard gossip about him and Christina.
		'I have promised her sister...'
		'….Christina?' Sarah was pleased to finish his sentence for him and she smiled triumphantly.
		'Yes. You know her?'
		'I do,' Sarah strolled over to her table and poured herself a cup of wine and one for James, 'but not as well as you do.'
		'I do not follow you?' James put his head to one side and swapped the wine she offered him in exchange for his empty ale tankard..
		'Oh I think you do,' she kissed him on the cheek as a friend would. 'And now you are bedding her?' She watched his face contort. 'Do not deny it James I know you well enough. A pretty woman like her, and she is pretty. Not my sort of course.' She let out a little laugh.
		'She has been here?'
		'A long time ago,' Sarah nodded. 'I did not care for her and she did not care for me. For both of us the one encounter was enough and she has not been back here.'
		'I see.' He made ready to leave her house by putting down his wine cup and stared in the direction of the door. 'I must go. I have not yet been home.' He knew that if he stayed with her for much longer he would simply not go home.
		'James?' She hesitated as she watched him turn and face her once again. 'You do not have to leave you know. You could stay the night whilst this storm blows itself out?'
		'I could,' he smiled, 'but I will not. There are so many reasons why I should stay but there are also so many more why I should not, and I think you know that?' He was in love with Christina, and she was in love with her Will, and that was reason enough for him to go despite his heart leaping out to hers each time they were close to each other.
		'You are so right.' She agreed. 'Go!' And she found that the most difficult word of all to let go from her lips.
		'Well I thank you for your time, your hospitality and your honesty.' He battled with his emotions which told him not to leave.
		Together they made their way to her front door and the awful weather outside. When the time came to say their farewells James Kissed her first on one cheek and then the other and between the two kisses their lips almost touched, After the second kiss their lips almost touched again but a kiss on her lips did not follow. If anyone had asked them why they didn't allow their lips to meet neither of them would have had an answer, perhaps too much time had drifted by since they last allowed an  intimate kiss. And as his lips hovered close to hers for what seemed like an eternity but was in fact only a moment it was not appropriate to measure the closeness of their lips to each other by distance but by time and that was a gulf of three years. Three years of pain, heartache, hatred, conspiracy and in his case the love for another woman who murdered his father and who now lay in her tomb. And now his love for the dead woman's cousin.

		'There is something you should know,' Sarah forced herself to tell him something which she had always sworn she would keep secret. 'And please do not tell your mother this.' James stood in the doorway and looked into her eyes as she pushed her fair hair from her cheeks. 'Your Rachel lies in Warrick churchyard.' She was unsure why the fact did not gain any reaction from him. 'I know you will probably hate me for telling you this after what she did to your father but you have a right to know because you did love her over me so the love must at one time have been very strong and special. There is no name on her tomb. The words -  “Here lie the remains of my sister”, seemed appropriate enough.
		'To protect my mother's memory of my father?'
		'Precisely and to protect you.'
		'For which I thank you but it became rather pointless once I found out about Rachel being your sister.'
		'You knew?' Sarah suddenly looked lost for words.
		'Ned told me, but not in so much detail.' He swallowed hard.
		'Then I will remind you of the details!' There was suddenly sadness and hurt in her voice and a little anger. And just for a moment she ignored the fact that Ned had told him 'Just before they cut off Rachel's head we had information that she and I had the same father. Ned tried to stop the execution but he did not have the authority and so I had just a few minutes to say goodbye to my sister.'
		'And so your disastrous marriage to Roger was arranged by your sister?'
		'The same. Although at the time she did not know that she was my half-sister and neither did I.'
		'I cannot imagine how you must have felt.'
		'Heartbroken and used is how I felt. And betrayed by my own father who must surely have known?'
		'He may not have known.' James looked into Sarah's eyes and momentarily, and for the first time in years, he wondered why he had not fought for Sarah's love after his father and her father had both been killed. Rachel had certainly caught his eye but maybe for all the wrong reasons? 		
		'And so all this time you knew?'
		'Yes.'
		'And only from Ned? And no other?'
		'Just Ned.'
		'The ultimate betrayal.' She let out an unpleasant laugh. 'I had hoped he would not tell you.'
		'Why?'
		'Because I did not want you to come to me out of sympathy for my loss and offer your condolences. I only wanted you to return to me because you loved me, and apart from your visit today which is for quite different reasons I know that our love is dead.'
		'You have said much and now I must depart and leave you with your thoughts.' James ignored her cutting remarks about his lost love for her. He stepped back into the hallway and stood before her with unkempt hair across his face.
		'Go to her grave if you feel the need but only if you want to and if you do not I will understand.' She walked over to him and with both hands turned him back to face the door and the weather and pushed him. 'Now go. Go back to your Christina, and if you do not go to her then stay with me, but stay with me forever and we will suffer the consequences.' Tears began to form in her eyes.
		With an enormous effort James stepped out into the late afternoon gloom and made his way to the stables which he knew so well. He did not, dare not, turn back to her because he knew that such a move would be fatal for both of them and fatal for the others whom they loved.
		He didn't spend long at the churchyard and following Sarah's simple instructions it didn't take him long to find Rachel's tomb where he spent just a few minutes. In the heavy rain he allowed a mixture of emotions to flood his mind and none of them gave him cause to be kneeling by her tomb. Having achieved nothing except perhaps to do his duty he climbed back on his horse and headed for Oxford without returning to his nearby home.

Several hours later he was back in Christina's arms with a simple tale to tell of what Sarah had said to him. Christina was thankful for what she knew had been a worthless trip did not prompt James to ask her more searching and difficult questions, and for that she was thankful. The lies which she had already told him were confusing her mind and she was beginning to forget what truth and lies she had told, any more questions and he might catch her out when she made a mistake as she surely would one day - but not today.
 
James was true to his word when he returned to the royal court the following morning where, after an extremely long wait he was able to direct his question to King Charles' advisers and to his surprise he was given an answer of sorts.
		'Take this letter to Oxford Castle Captain,' he was handed a document by one of the King's high ranking officers whose name he did not know. We have information that the Lady you seek may be locked up in that building.'
		' I thank you sir.' James gave him a short bow before turning and leaving.
		It didn't take long for James to reach the castle, and neither did it take long to enter the place and find someone who appeared to be able to help him. The prison guard, for want of a better title, opened the document which James gave to him, glanced at it and immediately handed it back with a simple explanation of - 'I cannot read.'
		James wasn't too surprised so he put his own interpretation on the document. 'It concerns a prisoner named Hanover, Françoise Hanover, the daughter of a royalist officer who seems to have disappeared for no apparent reason.' He watched the man fall into a deep thought as he rubbed his unshaven chin. 
		'She is no longer here.'
		'Explain yourself Sir?' James wasn't satisfied with such a simple answer. 'She has been here?'
		'Yes,' he nodded, 'come with me and I will show you where she was if you are interested?'
		James followed him into the depths of the prison until they came to a halt outside an open cell door. The condition of the cell didn't surprise James and it only reinforced his concern for the health and condition of Christina's sister. He had had no real need to look at her empty cell and only followed the guard so he could question him further. 'So where is she now?'
		'I do not know.' He held his hands open and to his side as if to reinforce his answer. James was left in no doubt that he was speaking the truth.
		'Did she leave here alive?' James knew he had to ask his difficult question.
		'Yes, tired, sick, but certainly alive.'
		'Why was she here at all?' James pressed home his questions.
		'High Treason.'
		'I do not understand? A charge of High Treason against the daughter of a loyal royalist officer.'
		'I know no more than that,' the guard admitted. 'She was taken from here yesterday by the king's men who were all of them officers and they said they had orders to take her to a place of safety. They would not say where.'
		Satisfied that the man had been honest with him James gave him a reward of a few coins and hurried from the place of death. He left behind the cell where Françoise had been held for a little over a week where no doubt she endured unspeakable acts against her.

After returning to Christina and explaining to her all that he knew of her sister's fate, he wrapped his arms around her and allowed her to shed her tears once again.
		'It is of little comfort I know but she is alive and probably cannot be put on trial away from Oxford.'
		With her face still buried in his neck, and his comforting arms still holding her Christina thought back to how she was treated when she herself was taken to what they called “a place of safety”.

Some weeks later on the 9th of December Prince Rupert returned to Oxford where he was reconciled with the king and for a number of days the Prince and the king had need of James' attendance and devotion. During this period Christina was left very much alone which served only to make her think hard about the horrors which may have been and continue to be inflicted upon her younger sister in captivity. And try as he may James was unsuccessful in gaining any firm knowledge about Françoise's fate. The closest he came to finding an answer was from the lips of one of the king's advisers who had in on good authority that the girl had been taken to a Royalist stronghold some considerable distance away – where that place of safety was remained a mystery for accurate information on the whereabouts of any prisoner in such a fragmented Royalist chain of command was not unusual.  

18. A CHAMBERMAID OF QUALITY
27th FEBRUARY 1646

When Parliament's army under the command of Colonel Bingham began their final siege of Corfe Castle in February of 1646, they could hardy have expected to find what they did. One of the success stories of the collapse of the Royalist stronghold came in the form of one of Lady Mary Bankes' chambermaids.

The castle in Dorset staunchly defended by Lady Bankes and a few loyal soldiers finally fell to Parliament on the twenty seventh of February but not as a result of the siege but more as a result of conspiracy. When reinforcements arrived at the castle to help its defence they were in fact Parliamentarians in disguise who attacked the defenders from inside. With the onslaughts from both inside and outside having their effects the stronghold finally fell in favour of Parliament. Lady Bankes and her defenders were allowed to leave peacefully and it was only then that the identity of one of her chambermaids came to light - she was a very tired and bruised Françoise Hanover.

For no reason other than her being a liability to the king's army, and Oxford itself becoming a target for the Parliamentarian army, it had been decided to try and offload her into a place of relative safety. With so many previous royalist strongholds being captured by Parliament an attempt was to be made to try and leave her in Corfe Castle. She had been taken from Oxford Castle to Corfe in the early days of November as she had still not been put on trial so could not have been executed, and in a way it was to her great relief that she reached Corfe Castle. Her treatment in Oxford Castle had been brutal and her treatment on the wintry journey to Dorset had been no less severe, so by the time she reached her new prison she was bruised, sore and in pain. Her young body was no longer as pure and clean as it was before she had lost her innocence to Carlisle. And the marks on her body appeared to blend totally with the devastation and pain and filth that the civilian population of England were having to endure during her long ride from one prison to the next. 

Once inside Corfe Castle life became easier for Françoise, as Lady Mary Bankes gradually came to look upon her as an innocent victim of the war rather than an enemy of the king. As the days passed she was no longer locked up and instead took on duties to help Lady Mary. This part of her captivity she began to enjoy as the sumptuous rooms of the castle were very much to her liking and the expensive satins and furniture inside the castle reminded her of her time in the palaces, universities and large homes of Oxford. When the time came to defend the castle she took to her duties in just the same way as the other female servants did. Her only complaint might have been the lack of water, food and sleep which did nothing to alleviate the dark patches around her eyes and bruises to her face.

She rebelled against mature, logic and decent thoughts and so her hot-headiness and youth precluded her from giving any thought whatsoever to her family and how much they must have been worrying about her safety. She was in a luxurious castle with people she liked and that was all that mattered to her.

When the heroic defence of the castle finally gave way to surrender the true identity of one of its chambermaids was revealed. It was no more than a coincidence that Robert Hanover was part of the Parliamentarian army who waited outside the stronghold as the occupants were leaving. Robert's eyes fixed on Françoise as she stumbled down the steep slope which lead away from the structure. Even through the dirt, grime and dark tired eyes he felt that there was something different about this particular Corfe servant and as she stumbled close by him he put out an arm to catch her.
		'Françoise?' He called out to her tired face. 'My God, is you?'
		She stared into his face with her brown eyes and smiled a smile of relief. 'Robert? My dear brother who has always looked out for me?' The smile fell from her face as the effects of one of her bruises washed pain over her thin body. 'And here you are again to rescue me!' She threw her arms around him. 'What good fortune brings you here?'
		'Good fortune indeed,' he helped her to walk on as he slipped his arm around her slim waist. 'I am here for no other reason than I am part of the siege party.'
		'Well,' she smiled a forced smile, 'we appear to have delayed you with our defending tactics, have we not?' She smiled again as she brushed her rather dirty long brown hair from her eyes.
		'Your defending tactics?' Robert was confused. 'You were part of the defence here?'
		'I had no choice,' she began to walk quite normally and quickly once again, 'to be locked up in a cell or help the servants defend their home. Anyway it was quite exciting really.' The excited youth in her took over all logical speech.
		Robert looked at her and understood what her last remarks really did mean to her – they were typical of her couldn't-care-less attitude when there was the prospect of an exciting life to be enjoyed.

Once they were clear of the castle and Françoise had been given some much needed food and wine she told him the entire story of how her circumstances had led to her present condition.
		'I think the worse part of my ordeal was Oxford Castle and the night we had to spend at an inn on the way to Dorset.'
		'Tell me?' Robert asked but more out of politeness for he wasn't sure that he really wanted to know - she was however ready to tell him and so he leant a sympathetic ear to her story.
		'I lost my innocence last year to a man whom I did not  like at first but that changed after a while I found something in him that I liked and so I began to trust him. Compared to what happened to me in prison he was nothing short of kind to me but during my enforced stay at a filthy inn on my journey through Dorset to Corfe I was roused from my sleep and dragged from my bed where I was stripped naked and raped by a number of soldiers before being left to spend the rest of the night in pain. I did not sleep well at all.' She finally found a smile for him and with that Robert decided not to encourage her to elaborate on her suffering.
		'This country is an awful place.' Robert shook his head as he let out a tired sigh. 'There are very few who have not been affected by this conflict and women have suffered more. I have heard many stories much like your own and worse. The common man is desperate for some normality once again for to lose a horse or a field of crops to either army spells disaster for his whole family. And for a woman such as yourself to lose her dignity and innocence to such brutality.......' He finished as he ran out of suitable words of encouragement for the future.

The very next day, and after a good night's rest in a nearby inn which was quite unlike the last inn that his sister had experienced Robert was given permission to leave the army and take Françoise back to London where she would be safe with Maria. Despite her tiredness, her weakness and her bruises Françoise was not taking a return to London quite so lightly as Robert prepared their horses for what would be a long journey.
		'Why can I not be taken back to Oxford?' She threw her ridiculous question at her brother. 'I do not want to go to London, the place is so dirty and boring.' 
		'There will be no discussion on this matter,' The tone of Robert's voice was quite harsh as his dark eyes fixed on hers. 'Oxford houses the very people who arrested you. Do you want to end up back in Oxford Castle and with it all the degradation which you have already suffered?'
		'No I suppose not,' she gave in.
		'Then accept that you are returning to a loving home and cousin and speak no more of Oxford.'

And that really was the end of the matter which left Françoise making plans for what excitement she could drag out of a Parliament led Puritan London.

The joy on the faces of Maria and Isobella came as no surprise when Robert arrived at Maria's house and helped his youngest sister into the the warm embrace of her family two days after the fall of Corfe Castle. With food and drink provided and consumed Françoise and Robert between them shared their tales of what happened in Dorset. And the fact that Françoise had not seemed to care about her predicament at the royalist stronghold came as no surprise to either of the older women.

It wasn't many days before Françoise was planning her next move which was to strike up a relationship once again with Carlisle whom she assumed was in London. Before she was able to do that events overtook her when a surprise visitor called on her at Maria's house. Once inside, and having made her acquaintances with Maria she turned to Françoise.

		'You probably are not too happy to see me?' Eleanor York began her conversation with Françoise' 'Given that I am your brother-in-law's mistress?'
		'Your arrival here is awkward, yes.' Was all that Françoise could find to say for Eleanor had never done her any harm and even if she had Françoise was not a vindictive person to the extent that she might have rejected her arrival. She was however rather surprised to hear how easily Eleanor admitted to being Harry's mistress.
		'Is it me you have called upon?' Françoise continued their conversation as she indicated a chair for Eleanor once they were in the comfort of the great hall.
		'It is.' She accepted the offer of the chair.
		'Then would you object to my cousin listening to our conversation?'
		'Not at all.' Eleanor shook her head.
		'Then I must warn you that my older sister Isobella is also living in this house and she may not be quite so gracious if she comes in here and sees you.'
		'I understand.' Eleanor stared at the bruises on Françoise's face. 'I will take my chances on that.'
		'So how may I help you?'
		'I came to ask if you know where Christina is?'
		'No I do not.' Françoise was quite adamant with her reply, and this time she spoke the truth.
		'I think you are evading me to protect your sister?' Eleanor would not accept her reply.
		'I think that I do not like the tone of your voice.' Françoise found the perfect reply. 'It is no wonder my family have grown to dislike you. Why would I evade your questioning and not be honest with you?'
		'To protect your sister - you Hanover women have a habit of doing that.'
		'Then you should have known better than to ask me, in fact you should have known better than to come here at all with such questions.' She stared at the older woman and offered her back to the entrance hall.
		'Well said little sister.' A voice called out from behind Françoise. 'I see we have an unwelcome guest?' Isobella called out from the doorway and set her eyes on Eleanor.
		Harry's mistress met the stare with one of her own and thought better of starting an argument with her. 'I see my journey was a wasted one.' She abandoned her chair.
		'My dear Eleanor,' Isobella sighed, 'we are not as hostile as you might imagine. Françoise has answered your question to the best of her ability I believe and that must be an end to the matter. Come,' she held a hand out in the direction of the vacated chair, 'sit back in your chair and take some wine with us. The least you can do is tell us how Harry is?'
		'I think not!'
		'I insist!' Isobella was determined to be civil.
		'Very well.' Eleanor gave in and threw herself into the chair and remained silent as the two sisters took their own chairs.

Once all three women were seated comfortably with a cup of wine each a strained conversation took place during which Françoise watched Eleanor very carefully and as she examined her beautiful and striking features she could see how easy it had been for her brother-in-law to have fallen for her. The white of her face and neck contrasted heavily with the deep red of her long hair which was worn in ringlets. As Eleanor raised her wine cup to her thin lips and swallowed the crimson liquid into her large mouth Françoise couldn't help but notice how bony her hands were and how slim her waist was below her tiny breasts. No doubt the obvious athleticism of her small body had attracted Harry to her.
		'So who would know where Christina is?' Eleanor finally returned to the subject that had been on her mind ever since she entered the house.
		'You will not drag that out of us.' Isobella cut her short. 'Even if we knew. But tell me, why do you want to know?'
		'Harry needs to speak to her.'
		'That is a lie. ' Françoise interrupted her. 'You want to know where she is so that you and your lover can do her some harm.'
		'In which case, 'Isobella added, 'you must get Harry to search for her.'
		'I will.' Eleanor did at last climb to her feet and this time she had no intention of sitting again. 'And now you must excuse me fore we are getting nowhere with our small talk, but I do thank you for your time, albeit short, and your hospitality which is undeniable.' She put down her cup and swept past the other women towards the door but before she abandoned the room altogether she threw them one last warning. 'Think on this dear ladies – Christina is French and Catholic which is a very dangerous combination if Parliament were to find out. She would do well to go back to France where she belongs.'
		As Eleanor abandoned the house her words left all three women stunned to silence for Isobella at least knew that their enemy was correct in what she was claiming. And once she heard the front door crash closed Isobella knew that it was safe to speak her mind, but before she could say anything Françoise had her say.
		'How on earth did that woman think we were going to tell her where Christina is? She means to do her some harm, that much is certain.'
		'Parliament may do Christina some harm with little or no help from Eleanor,' Isobella finally found her voice, 'for I am afraid she spoke the truth about our sister being in danger.' She walked over to the window with her wine cup in her hand. 'It is rumoured that Catholic Queen of ours Henrietta Maria is trying to raise a French army to support King Charles which puts Christina in danger simply because she is French and a Catholic.'
		'If the stories of Irish Catholics are to be believed, ' Maria spoke up with her own thoughts as she too joined Isobella by the window, 'she is indeed in a dangerous position. Whilst we clearly do not like Eleanor York she is right in what she claims.
		'Then we must do something about it?' Françoise again decided that she would dictate what the family would do.
		'Which is what?' Isobella looked over her shoulder only to catch her young sister heading for the door to the hallway. 
		'Get word to Christina as soon as possible. She is not to come to London.....'
		'…....and not to remain in Oxford either.' Isobella finished her sentence for her.
		'Why not Oxford?' Maria looked at her cousin.
		'Because the king was defeated at Naseby, and because of that Parliament is planning a siege of the King's stronghold. It is thought that King Charles will give it up without a fight. Whatever happens the city will soon be in Parliament's hands and so too will Christina if she is foolish enough to remain in that dreadful city.
		'All the more urgent then that I get word to her.' Françoise ended the conversation before hurrying out of the front door delaying her departure momentarily so that she could throw on a cape as protection against the heavy rain which had started to fall. Isobella and Maria watched from their window as Françoise disappeared into the grey of the weather outside.

Having quickly negotiated her way down two filthy streets Françoise stopped and turned round to make sure that she was not being followed. She had calculated that Eleanor might be curious to know if she went to Carlisle's house, and she was right to think that. She caught a glimpse of the woman stepping into an alleyway at the last minute, the woman having realised that the young Hanover girl had seen her. Françoise opened the door to a church and threw herself into the dark interior. For a moment she was confused as to why the church's interior was so plain with no silverware or icons or candle holders to be seen and then she realised that this would be the work of the puritans, and this was a Catholic church. Françoise listened carefully for any sound of the church door which she had just come through opening a second time but it remained silent and closed. A few paces later and Françoise had found a small unlocked door at the back of the church which she now used to make her escape. Once she had left the building she continued on her dangerous and long journey eastwards before turning south in the direction of Carlisle's house. The journey from the church was no better than the journey to the church. She had to avoid the slime and sewage on the road and the beggars holding out their sore infested hands for money and the awful faces of those who had, and in some cases still did have, smallpox. And of course she had to negotiate the chaos which was London Bridge. That done she was grateful to arrive at Carlisle's' front door which was not long in being opened.

		'Well, my little Françoise,' Carlisle took her hand as she reached him in the great hall. He kissed the hand and the kiss was longer than it should have been. 'I had not expected to see you again quite so soon – if at all?' He declared.
		'No Sir,' she was suddenly quite grown up compared to how Carlisle had remembered her. 'I had not expected to see you again, not ever, after the Royalists caught me with your document as I rode back to Oxford.' Carlisle let go of her hand.
		'You look ill.' He crossed to the blazing fire and threw out a hand to her as a gesture for her to join him which she did.
		'Little wonder, Sir,' she found a full cup of wine on his table which she made her own before he could stop her. 'I was taken to Oxford Castle where I was beaten and abused before being moved to Corfe Castle and subjected to the same treatment once again on the journey.'
		'But you were not tried on any charge?'
		'No Sir I was not otherwise I have no doubt that I would now be dead.' She fixed her tired eyes on his and then changed the subject. 'Where is Christina?'
		'Still in Oxford where you last saw her.'
		'She cannot, must not, remain their.'
		'Quite so.' He nodded. 'Your thoughts reflect my own.'
		' I hope so, but I have had a visitor which makes it all the more urgent for us to get Christina to a safe place.'
		'And who was this visitor?' He took another cup and filled it with wine for himself and ignored her request for more wine by holding her empty cup by his hand. 'As I recall you are not good with wine?'
		'Do not be ridiculous,' she raised her voice. 'I am not a child. I need the wine.' She smiled as he obeyed her request and filled her cup to overflowing. 'My visitor was Eleanor York and she asked, indeed almost demanded, that I tell her where Christina is.'
		'And of course you did no such thing?' He raised an eyebrow before setting his eyes on the spilled wine on her hand.
		'Of course not but she gave me some advice which I think was good advice and we must act upon it.'
		'Go on?'
		'Christina is in great danger where she. She would  also be in great danger here in London were she to come here. Indeed she may well be in great danger in this country at all.'

And with that Françoise sat next to Carlisle by the fire and repeated all that had happened to her since she had left him on the Oxford road. And she finished with Eleanor's visit and warning. For his part  Carlisle let it be known that Eleanor had stolen one of his documents.

		'Well you were right to come to me,' he declared as she finished her tale. 'I too have given this matter much thought and have decided that I cannot make Christina safe on my own. I need help.'
		'My help?' Françoise expressed her keenness as she so often did.
		'No,' he smiled at her brave words, 'not yours. I need the help of James Sutton.'
		'Oh!' her mouth fell open. 'Why James?'
		'It really is very simple. Sutton Manor is not overflowing with Parliamentarian soldiers and not likely to be for some time. Oxford will be taken by Parliament soon enough. Sutton Manor is the only place where Christina will be safe until longer-term arrangements can be made for her safety.' He watched Françoise nodding to herself as she began to understand what must happen. 'And I am uneasy, and have been for some time now, about the stolen document which Eleanor has in her possession. I am convinced that she and your brother-in-law intend to use it against Christina making her position far worse than it already is. If they use the documents to good effect they would sign Christina's death warrant if she were to be caught.'


















19. A MEETING OF ENEMIES
THE THIRD WEEK OF MARCH 1646

As was usual for him Carlisle lost no time in contacting James and he did it by using the good offices of Matthew Cowpepper whom he knew would maintain his silence about Christina living in Oxford. A date was quickly arranged when James could meet Carlisle at Sutton Manor to talk over Christina's predicament before Carlisle returned for the night to what use to be a safe haven for both Royalists and Parliamentarians alike – the 'Traitor's Rest'. In the unlikely event of James asking him to remain at Sutton Manor whilst he returned to Oxford Carlisle knew that he had every intention of refusing such hospitality. His refusal was born out of the fact that when he was last at Sutton Manor Rachel had also been there and arrested for the death of James' father and there was talk of Carlisle being implicated in it. There was also a suspicion that Carlisle had murdered a stable-boy who worked at the Manor although Carlisle knew that the truth was somewhat different inasmuch as the boy drowned because he could not swim. Although innocent of direct wrongdoing Carlisle was prudent enough to make his own arrangements for overnight accommodation which would relieve James of having to offer a roof over his head at Sutton Manor..

On the morning of a bright tenth day of March with recent snows melting and an unusually warm sun rising in a blue sky, Carlisle found himself sitting astride his horse on top of a hill to the south of Warrick village as arranged. Far in the distance and to his left were the visible rooftops of Sutton Manor and Warrick House which he had known so well. With his horse tearing at the long lush green grass which surrounded them Carlisle watched a familiar rider approach and it didn't take long for the black mount of James to reach Carlisle and come to a standstill alongside him.
		'Captain Carlisle?' James took off his had and bowed.
		'Captain James Sutton?' Carlisle took his New Model Army helmet off and returned the bow. 'Let us not talk over the past which has in every respect been rather poor for all of us.' He watched James nod an agreement. 'It is the future which we need to discuss.'
		'Agreed.' James smiled an unexpected smile as he looked at Carlisle.
		'Save for me to say,' Carlisle found an afterthought, 'that I did not have a hand in your father's murder except to make the suggestion to Rachel and I did so on behalf of Parliament when your father and I were absolute enemies.'
		He watched James ponder over his words and belatedly accepted his sincerity before drawing a line under the past. James let out a long sigh and with it was ended his dislike of Carlisle with a last few words on the subject. 'And so Rachel died for her treasonable act and that is an end to the matter for we have Christina to look after now.'
		'Quite so.' Carlisle gave him a short bow knowing James' words had expressed his love for Christina without actually saying so. 'I offer you my hand and together we will do what we can to ensure she is safe from those who would do her harm.'
		'I thank you Sir.' James took his hand and gripped it for a moment which although just a moment was long enough to confirm that they were in new times with new goals, and those goals were the safety of Christina and nothing more.

A few minutes later the two men were in the great hall of Sutton Manor where James was able to put Carlisle's mind at rest by explaining that his mother Lady Mary would not be home until dark due to visiting a sick friend in Oxford. It didn't take long for both men to bring each other up to date with recent events both militarily and domestically so that they both understood the gravity of the situation which had been thrust upon them.
		'What we need is a place of safety which is not in Oxford and not in London and not close to either until we are satisfied that her safety is secured.' Carlisle found he had an idea floating around his head.
		'I agree but I have no property any further east of here except for a small estate in London which is clearly out of the question.' James poured ale for the both of them.
		'I have the advantage over you Sir,' Carlisle countered rather triumphantly, 'and it may very much suit our purpose. It is a substantial property in Essex and not too far from the coast.'
		'It sounds perfect.' James considered the offer.
		'And being so close to the coast it is perfectly placed in the event of an evacuation back to France if things become difficult for Christina.'
		'Is that likely?'
		'It may be,' Carlisle nodded. 'You see the Hanovers have an enemy – Eleanor York.'
		'I have heard of the woman - the mistress of Christina's husband. How dangerous is she?' James walked over to the window and focused on a gardener doing what he could to improve the devastation of the ponds and flower beds.
		'It depends on how she uses her evidence.' Carlisle watched his new found friend.
		'What evidence?' James looked back at Carlisle who had already finished his ale.'
		'She has a document written by the king himself which talks of raising a Catholic army in France.?'
		'And how pray, did she get such a document?' He crossed to Carlisle and filled his cup again.'
 		'She stole it from me.' Carlisle took a mouthful of the fresh ale. 'And if she uses it she would do Christina much harm.'
		'If she uses it?' James questioned him.
		'I think she will use it. I think she and Harry will use it.' Carlisle admitted. 'They want Christina out of the way, dead if possible, executed will do, imprisoned for the rest of her life would be a poor third choice.'
		'Leaving her husband free to marry Eleanor without the need for a divorce.'
		'We think as one.' Carlisle agreed.
		'We do,' James found a new question flooding his mind. 'And how did you come into possession of such a document? A document signed by the king?'
		'Before today you and I were enemies and it is only Christina's plight which brings us together. Will you accept that I simply cannot answer your question? We must do nothing which might sour our relationship.'
		It was now that James made a decision to accept Carlisle for what he was rather than for what he may have been in times gone by and so he decided to let his question remain unanswered. 'Come and walk a while with me outside.' James put down his ale and abandoned the window. 'The sun is still shining and I need some fresh air to clear my mind and think carefully over what we must do.' He brushed past Carlisle who followed him outside after he too abandoned his ale.
		James walked a little way from his front door and leant on what looked like a newly repaired fence. 'What to do now?' He said almost to himself.
		'What is your relationship with Christina?' Carlisle had a need to clarify just how much James could be trusted. James did not answer straight away, and it was almost as if the question had surprised him. 'I need to know,' Carlisle felt an explanation was in order, 'because you and I are about to embark on what Parliament might well decide is a treasonable act - more so for you who would be depriving them of an enemy. I need to know just how serious you are about saving her life?'
		'And I could ask the same question of you – why are you going to so much trouble for a lady with whom you have no serious relationship?'
		'She and I were friends,' he hid the depth of that friendship as best he could. 'When first she moved to Oxford I gave her much assistance over a matter which was dear to her,  the details of which I will not go into and are, in any case, irrelevant. It was during that time that we grew close.' He watched James' face which gave away no suggestion that he wanted an elaboration of Carlisle's story which was, at best, although he could not know it, a half-truth.'
		'I think we understand one another.' James looked at him and decided that he could be trusted. 'For my part it is quite simple – I love her like I have never loved another and will do anything to keep her safe.'
		'Is there not one other whom you have loved even more?' Carlisle let his eyes wander in the direction of Warrick House.
		'You  are of course referring to Sarah Richmond?'
		'The story of you and Sarah is well known and is told often.' Carlisle moved his attention away from Warrick House and back to James' face. 'I stayed in your house as a guest of your mother at the time of Rachel's arrest.'
		'I remember the occasion well enough.' James looked down at the ground as his mind wandered back to the events which surrounded Rachel's arrest. 'It is true to say that Sarah and I should have married but this war tore us apart and it has been that way ever since.'
		Carlisle decided to abandon the subject of Sarah and move on. 'So we are agreed that for the sake of my friendship with Christina and your love for her we will embark on an adventure which will save her and put the two of us in mortal danger?'
		'We are agreed.' James offered a smile which Carlisle took as his having achieved an agreement without the need for him to tell James of the actual intensity of his own earlier relationship with Christina. It also excused him from having to admit to the events at Naseby and Christina's determination to do to Sarah Richmond exactly what Eleanor was trying to do to Christina.

Later that day, and after a good meal of cold meat, cheese and bread, Carlisle thanked James for his hospitality, climbed onto his horse and set his pace on the road to London. They had agreed that the two of them would meet again in three weeks time at the 'Traitors Rest' where James hoped to have Christina with him. This would give Carlisle time to make his Essex house ready for her and seek advice from his Parliamentarian colleagues about the movements of Eleanor and Harry. Depending on the severity of what he learnt he would then make a decision about which route to take with Christina and James for going too near to London might be their death warrant. What Parliament already knew about Christina would also determine if they were going to have to evacuate her to France as soon as possible or lie low in Essex.

Once Carlisle had left him James looked up at the sun and decided that he should ride over to Warrick House and renew his relationship with Sarah once again like any good neighbour would. And they would be just that “Good Neighbours” for had no intention of taking their relationship any further as long as he had Christina. Following a few minutes of preparation in his stables he climbed onto his horse and made his way to the house which he knew almost as well as his own.

		'My dear Sarah,' James dropped down from his horse and took Sarah's hand to his lips and kissed it.'
		'Well James,' Sarah smiled, 'and what brings you to my door a second time in less than half a year?'
		'Friendship.' He gave her a bow and a smile whilst being unsure of how close he could allow that friendship to be.
		'You are welcome of course.' Sarah led  the way to her open front door and as she did so James set his eyes on her back and her waist and got the impression that she had put on some weight. What he also could not fail to notice was that she was wearing black and he had never seen her do that in all the time he had known her..
		'Susanna is here of course,' Sarah led him into her house and for no reason whatsoever took his hand and led him into the great hall.
		'She is well?'
		'Much more so than when you last saw her,' Sarah called back over her shoulder still with his hand in hers. 'We never did find out what ailed her so but I suspect it was smallpox which makes me so glad that I kept her behind closed curtains in her chamber. She has been left with hardly a mark on her I am pleased to say.'
		James' attention was drawn to a rather large lady sitting in a heavy chair by the fire - a lady who simply gave him a nod and a smile as she continued with her needlework.
		'James this is Mary, a recent friend of mine.' Sarah felt an explanation was in order. 'Cowpepper found her for me so quickly that we had to employ her straight away. Mary this is Captain James Sutton from the manor house close by.'
		James returned the smile and the bow but he was confused over the fact that the woman was employed by Sarah yet sat in the same room as her mistress. It was now that impulse dictated James' next move as he took Sarah's hand in his and pulled her to the far corner of the room and out of earshot of Mary. He put his hands on her shoulders and turned her round to face him. His eyes looked deeply into hers and for a moment he was back in 1642, but it was only for a moment as his eyes examined her body and finally found what should have been a fine slim waist except that it was no longer a fine slim waist. His thoughts returned to the woman by the fire and back to Sarah's waist.
		'Where is the fine slim waist that I held so often all those years ago?'
		'James. My darling James, It is a hazard of being with child!' She stood on her toes and kissed him first on his left cheek and then the right.

James was in turmoil, he now understood the meaning of the woman by the fire and the bump where Sarah's waist should have been. And now he could see that her breasts were larger than he remembered them to be when they had been his to caress and nobody else’s. On a more sinister note he began to understand why she was wearing black.

		'Four months,' she answered his unasked question. 'Or thereabouts, perhaps a little longer but no more than five. And yes Mary is a wet nurse as you would expect.'
		'Can we take a walk outside?' He almost pleaded with her.
She took his hand in her own and led him towards the open door of the hallway. They reached a stone bench by the front door where they sat next to each other. The weather was not yet cold but would be later so Sarah did not wear a coat which left her white shoulders contrasting heavily with the black of her gown and James found himself looking at her naked shoulders beneath the fair hair which cascaded beneath her neck.
		'Who is the father?'
		'Captain William Hallett. A good man without any doubt.'
		'I do not know him.' James took his eyes from her shoulders and found some imaginary object on the ground.
		'No you would not know him, he was a Parliamentarian officer and an old friend of the family.'
		'Was?' James looked into her eyes.
		'He was killed at the battle of Herrington shortly after we were married.'
		'I am sorry for your loss.' Was all that James could find to say.
		'So am I,' she admitted. 'First I had a chaotic marriage to Roger no thanks to your lover  - my half-sister Rachel, and then a good marriage to Will who has been taken from me. In fact it has all been a bit of a disaster since I lost you, made worse by the fact that it was my own sister who threw herself at you and no doubt fooled you into thinking she loved you.'
		'She did,' he nodded. 'I have no excuse and will not insult you by offering one.' He waited in silence for a response which was not forthcoming. 'And what now?' he finally broke the silence which had engulfed them.
		'I will have my child and I will stay here and bring the infant up as best as I can, and that will be my life. What else can I do? What else should I do?' If this war and my half-sister Rachel had not come along to haunt me you and I would now be married and the child would be yours.'
		It was now that James kissed her. She did not hold back and neither did he but it was a false kiss on his part  because as his lips met hers his mind was with Christina and what he had to do to save her life – and then what? If he had to resort to taking her to France to save her life what then should he do? follow her and live in exile or wait for the political climate to change so that she could come back to England? What he could not know was just how long it would be before the politics of England improved in Christina's favour. James forced himself to believe that the kiss with Sarah was one of friendship and not one of love or desire but try as he would he had difficulty in forcing that thought on himself. And the kiss was hardly one of friendship.

Two weeks later Carlisle was busy in London doing what he did best – gaining information from his confidants in both Parliament and the army. After several hours, and without revealing why he needed the information or raising suspicion, he had what he wanted and would keep it to himself until the planned meeting with James and Christina. In the meantime, and with the weather and the roads reasonably good, he made plans to visit his property in Essex. That night he received a call from Françoise which didn't surprise him since she had not been to see him for some time and that was so unlike her and so unlike her busy mind. It didn't take long for Françoise to empty a cup of wine and to glean from Carlisle all that he knew.
		'And so,' he approached the end of his explanation, 'Unless I am very much mistaken there will soon be a warrant out for Christina's arrest, all it needs is for Eleanor and Harry to persuade Parliament that she is in fact alive.'
		'Can there be any doubt that she is alive?'
		'Some doubt yes, remember she was taken at Naseby and the life of any prisoner is very short indeed, but Eleanor and your brother-in-law will persuade Christina's enemies otherwise, and yes Parliament now have the document which Eleanor stole from me.' He fixed his eyes on her waist and her breasts but only because they appeared to have grown.
		'So she will be arrested for the very reasons which we suspected?'
		'Indeed.' Carlisle sat at his table and watched Françoise carefully as she too sat at his table and began to indulge in a second cup of wine.
		'So she is in danger if she returns to London?'
		'She is in danger if she stays in Oxford for it will soon be under the control of Parliament. She is in danger wherever she goes.'
		'Except for France?' she finished his sentence.
		'There is another place.'
		'Which is?'
		'Essex. I have a house in that county where she would be safe until such times as we decide to take her back to France.'
		'We?' Françoise was suddenly alert. 'You and I?'
		'No.' He abandoned his chair and began to pace around the room. ;James and I'.
		'James Sutton?' She looked at him.
		'The same.'
		'You have met him?'
		'I have.'
		'But surely you and he are enemies?'
		'Not any longer,' he smiled as he watched the confusion wash over her face. 'For the sake of Christina James and I have an understanding.'
		'You are going to unusual lengths to help my sister?' Françoise cocked her head to one side and Carlisle fixed his eyes on the beauty of her neck. 'Why?' She almost demanded.
		'My reasons are not for your ears. Your sister and I have been through much together.'
		'Have you bedded her like you bedded me?'
		'We have slept together yes. I will not say more.' He spoke the truth as he allowed his mind to drift back to the time at the inn near Naseby. He ceased pacing walked behind her and slipped his left hand around her waist before kissing the back of her neck through her hair. 'I can see why I took you to my bed last year,' he smiled, 'and would do again if I did not think you would fight me.'
		'I will not fight you,' she put her left hand behind her own head and around his neck as she clearly enjoyed the touch of his lips on her soft skin, 'Take me if you feel the need but be careful Sir I beg of you for I am already with child.'
		'Forgive me my lady.' Carlisle backed off. 'If I had known....'
		'….You could not possibly have known could you?' She smiled over her shoulder. 'And much as I do want you I think it best that we avoid such intimacy. I have no idea what the protocol is in these delicate situations.'
		'My ignorance in such matters entirely matches your own.' He sat down and poured wine for them both. 'Perhaps we should take our pleasure only from the wine?'
		'Perhaps,' she looked at him and at his strong hands as he finished pouring the crimson liquid. 'But tell me had you not noticed how much bigger I was than when you last took me to your bed?'
		'Yes,' he bowed his head, 'but one likes to be discrete in such matters.'
		'Then we will reflect on what might have been and as you so rightly say take solace from our wine,' she sat back in her chair and relaxed. 'Tell me Christopher, can I be allowed to go to Essex with my sister? It would be good for me given my condition and a welcome break from London before I think about returning to Bristol.'
		'Is Bristol free of the plague?'
		'Yes. Or so I am told.'
		'I think your idea is a good one but you must be careful and must understand that great secrecy is needed during our planning and on our journey and during your stay there'
		'You alone must decide who will know that I am there, you and one other of your choosing.'
		'One other?'
		'A wet nurse. I will need a wet nurse nearer the time of the child's birth.'
		'Of course.' He found himself a little embarrassed to be talking of such things. 'I will arrange it or find some woman who can arrange it.'
		'Thank you.' She smiled a warm smile.
		'But be warned, you cannot be allowed to behave the way you have behaved when first you arrived in London and no doubt in Oxford.'
		'Do you not think I know that?'
		'Perhaps you do.' He stared at a maturity in her face which he had not seen before. 'Who is the father of your child?'
		'That I do not know, and perhaps I do not want to know. The seed was implanted in me by force not love or pleasure. Remember I was abused in Oxford Castle and then again on my journey to Dorset and again, several times in Corfe Castle about a month before the siege ended my torment so my predicament can hardly have come as a surprise to me or to you. And in any case I was too free with my affections when in Corfe Castle so maybe it was not abuse at all and I have myself to blame for my condition. Not withstanding who the father might be the child is still my child and I shall bring it up as best I can in Bristol.'
		'Then the matter is settled, you will stay with Christina in Essex. It will soon be April and next week I have to meet James and Christina but only after I have inspected my Essex estate and arranged for it to be ready to accept guests. I will go on horseback so I do not recommend you come with me this time. Besides there is nothing you can do there.'















20. RETURN TO ESSEX
ROCHFORD HOUSE, WAKERING - APRIL 1646

After talking long into the night Françoise and Carlisle slept a good wine induced sleep in their separate chambers and as he had planned to do he left her asleep the next morning and headed for the wind-swept marshes of Essex. The weather was not good for his journey with the rains that he always associated with Essex were made all the more intolerable by the strong howling wind. As he neared his estate the weather and the bleakness of the countryside made him remember why he disliked the Essex coast so much. And it was because of the remoteness and inhospitality of the place that he knew it would serve them well for what he and James had planned. There was a small household at his estate which he knew he could rely on since it was he who had hired them some years ago and the servant whom he had put in charge of all the others was a thick-set man called John and as expected it was John who greeted him at the gates of Rochford House which he unlocked as soon as he recognised his visitor.

	With military matters occupying the west country and Wales, and Sir Thomas Fairfax taking control of Exeter before moving on to Barnstaple, there was little change to the current political situation in London which was to the advantage of James and Carlisle as their movements attracted little attention by those who might do them harm
.
	'Good to see you John.' Carlisle slid off his horse and removed his gloves ready to shake hands with what he remembered was a very trustworthy man. 'Gates locked as always.'
	'Just as you instructed five years ago Sir.' John bowed.
Carlisle took a moment to survey the land to the east and away from his gates and and just as he remembered it to be in 1641. He knew that the sea lay some distance away and between it and Rochford House there was the most desolate marshland which he remembered John was familiar with and that one day might be useful. Truly the remoteness of this area would serve their purpose well.
	'No trouble from smugglers?'
	'No more than usual,' John grinned a toothless grin. 'We tolerate them and they leave us alone. They will not cease their activities, not with taxes as they are.'
	Carlisle convinced himself that it wasn't quite like that and suspected some collusion between John and the smugglers. 'What goes on between you and these fellows,' He looked hard into the eyes of his servant, 'is between you and them. I won't become involved and neither will my house and lands.'
	'That is understood sir.'
	'But if you can swear to me that your relationship with these smugglers is what keeps my estate safe then so be it and I will say no more on the matter.' He remembered the many cellars and tunnels which were under his house and how useful they would be for the likes of men whose trade is smuggling.
	'Then we understand each other.' John bowed as Carlisle slapped a comforting hand on the man's right shoulder and brought an end to their conversation. 'And now I must explain why I am here,' he watched John's attention intensify, 'I am relying on you John to continue to look after our property and to protect two ladies who will soon be here for as long as I see fit, and for as long as it suits my purpose.'
	'Anything that you desire Master,' he bowed with a grin 
	'And one thing more John, one of these ladies is wanted by Parliament's men.'
	'Then I shall take great care of her Master for Parliament's men are not friends of mine.'
	'She may be wanted for treason and if it were discovered that you kept her from them deliberately you may end up on the same charge.'
	'I will take my chances on that and if necessary will hide her on the marshes.' He satisfied his Master of his resolution and loyalty.

	Three days later and in much better weather than during his journey to Essex, Carlisle found himself drinking and eating back at the “Traitors Rest” waiting for the arrival of Christina and James. Asleep in her room upstairs was Françoise who had grown very tired during her journey out of London. Carlisle had had no choice but take her with him because they were going straight to Essex from the inn and they would be taking a very wide northerly route around London with no time to collect Françoise on the way to Rochford House. 
	
	With the April sun warming his back as he sat outside the tavern Carlisle thought carefully about what he and James must to do if matters got worse and Christina had to go home to France. Would James go with her or not? It was unlikely that he would because he had his own estate to consider at Warrick Village. On the other hand if James' feelings for Christina were as strong as he suspected them to be then he was unlikely to let her leave England alone. Then the matter of the ship “Le Marseilles” came to mind and how, in the event of Christina's evacuation to France, he was going to arrange the ship's charter for it was unlikely that he would trust another ship or another crew. He had after all heard Christina's story of her journey including the smugglers, the ugly scene at the inn, and the grounding of the ship. He felt that Captain Le Fere was a man to be trusted with Christina's life. Sending word to “Le Marseilles” in Calais would be easy enough if he sent a sealed letter to that port from an English ship berthed in London.
	
	Shortly after noon and with Carlisle still outside and relaxing after his meal, Françoise joined him at his table with a meal and a drink of her own which she had requested of the inn-keeper.
	'And so you are satisfied with using your house in Essex for our purpose?'
	'As satisfied as I can be yes.'
	'What is the place called?' she swept her hair from her eyes. 'Rock something?'
	'Rochford House,' he corrected her as he smiled at her fumbling over the name. 'It very much suits our purpose.' He watched her begin to eat her meal but as usual the wine went to her lips first. 'But I must warn you the place is desolate which is why I chose it. I do not want you putting on your headstrong head again and going off riding away from Rochford House's own grounds. The marshes and the coast there are treacherous and there are smugglers known to be in the area. God knows you had trouble enough as it is these past months without becoming a plaything for them.'
	'In my condition?' She held back a laugh.
	'Remember,' he was serious, 'I almost took you for myself without knowing your condition. There are those on the marshes who would have their way with you even if they knew you were with child.'
	'I will heed your warning Sir.' She promised him, and she meant it. 'I was unaware of smugglers being active in Essex?'
	'The art of smuggling has grown in popularity in Essex and many other places since the new excise tax to pay for the war was imposed on the poor people of England. Taxes to pay for the war.' His explanation needed no response from Françoise.

	Some minutes later, and as Françoise greedily finished her meal the unmistakable sight of James and Christina appeared on the horizon. The riders were soon at the inn and a small boy was employed to attend to their horses after coinage had been placed in the palm of his less than clean hand by Carlisle. There were suitable greeting made to each other with James and Carlisle being quite cordial to each other before Carlisle took Christina's hand and kissed it perhaps for longer than he should under the careful watch of James. The most emotional greeting was reserved for Christina with Françoise who rightly embraced and kissed each other as closely as only sisters can, and it didn't take long for Christina to question her sister about her expanding breasts and waistline.
	'Do not tell me you are with child?' The elder woman almost criticised.
	'Oh and you yourself are always so careful in these matters are you not?' She threw back her own criticism with a smile. 'It is a wonder you have not got a handful of children yourself!'
	'I deserved that,' Christina conceded with a smile and she looked at James. 'It is indeed a wonder that I am not with child.'
	'I at least have some kind of excuse,' Françoise still wore her smile, 'having been abused on a number of occasions!'
	'How far are you gone?'
	'A number of months, since my imprisonment.' Françoise pressed the palms of her hands on her belly.
	And there the matter rested as all three of them sat and began to talk quietly about their impending journey to Essex.

	'I am convinced that our plan is a good one,' Carlisle explained. 'My Essex estate – Rochford House – is run by a man called John. He is a good man and I trust him. He has no liking for Parliament's men and he assures me that he would rather hide Christina on the marshes than let her fall into the hands of our enemies. He knows the marshes better than I and I am quite certain that the experience comes from his association with smugglers although he will deny it of course.'
	'Smugglers?' James raised an eyebrow.
	'I have met such men when first I came to England.' Christina explained. 'And Captain Le Fere was not in the Thames Estuary by chance. He had business with such men.'
	'Enough said on the matter. The fact that such activities are around at all on the Essex coast is an irritation rather than a problem.' Carlisle ended the subject.
	
Carlisle explained his plans for contacting Christina's French ship if and when the time came and his explanation finished with details of how he would get her onto the ship.
	'If the tale you once told me is anything to go by,' he looked into Christina's eyes, 'your journey from “Le Marseilles” to land was full of adventure and hazard?'
	'It was,' she agreed. 'And one which I would not happily agree to repeat.'
	'You may have to, for it may be the only way to get you on board so be prepared.'
	'But none of this will happen soon?' James encouraged him.
	'No, and maybe not at all if I can call upon one or two favours by getting Christina's husband and his mistress out of London and away from where they have their greatest influence on her fate.'
	James nodded, so too did Christina although they had no idea what he meant by "one or two favours". Françoise also nodded but she had little idea or opinion about any of it.

Two days later the four riders and their tired horses found themselves outside two stone pillars joined by very solid looking iron gates which were closed and locked. And almost as soon as they had come to a rest two men could be seen walking down the overgrown track which led from the gates to a very large timber framed house in the distance. Carlisle screwed up his eyes as he focused on the two men for although he could see that one of them was John he didn't recognise the other. A few minutes later and with the sun sinking over the horizon behind Rochford House Carlisle could see that the second man was wearing an eye patch – Christina also set her eyes on him as his features came ever closer to her.
	'Jack Miller?' Christina smiled as the two men arrived at the gates and John pushed a heavy key into a lock on one of the gates. 'The saviour of my modesty and reputation some time ago if I am not mistaken?'
	'Your memory serves you well.' Jack bowed just like he had done when first they had met.
	'You know this man?' Carlisle looked at Christina as the gates were dragged open.
	'He came to my aid when I first arrived in England. He is a friend of Captain Le Fere. I shall tell you more when we are in more private surroundings.'
 
21. THE FRENCH CONNECTION
SUMMER 1646

After a good supper was had by all that night followed by wine and ale for the four weary travellers Christina told the story of her arrival in England and her involvement – brief though it was – with Captain Le Fere and the man they now knew as Jack Miller. From what Carlisle already suspected about the reliable John and his acquaintances he was of the opinion that smuggling had arrived at his estate and he might find the men useful. Once the two women had retired to their chambers Carlisle took the opportunity of sitting down with James and discussing his ideas with him over jugs of ale. April would soon be at an end and the warmer weather of May would then be upon them so the time for travelling to London would soon be with them.

		'James we must make some firm plans now that the weather for travelling is almost upon us?' He stared at the log fire as it warmed the cold April evening.
		'What do you have in mind?' James looked sideways at his friend.
		'We are holed up here - trapped if you like - and for what reason?' Carlisle knew exactly what the answer would be.
		'To keep Christina safe and out of the clutches of those who would do her harm.' James was confused as to why he needed to explain. 'You know this so what is on your mind?'
		'We assume that our enemies, Christina's enemies, are Eleanor and Harry?'
		'Of course.'
		'But we no longer know their plans, their states of mind.'
		'We could not know that without one of us going to London and asking those who might know.' Carlisle was beginning to make sense.
		'It will have to be you.' He stated the obvious to Carlisle. 'You are welcome in London. I am not for no matter how defeated the king might be I am still his supporter and Parliament will know that, and it is for that very reason that Eleanor would never speak to me.'
		'Agreed.' Carlisle nodded.
		'And in any case,' James added, 'I must journey to my home and see if the place is still standing.'
		'I understand that.' Carlisle stared into his drink. 'You are right of course, I must be the one to go to London and for a reason which you are not aware of?' He watched James eye him carefully. 'I am familiar with the woman Eleanor. I have met her.'
		'You have?'
		'Yes. She came to me some months ago. She came to my house and whilst I was distracted she stole a document from me, a document which could persuade Parliament that anyone who is a French Catholic is their enemy.'
		'So Christina's plight is as bad as we imagined it to be?'
		'It would seem so, yes.' Carlisle breathed a sigh of frustration. 'And further more Eleanor knows that Christina is alive!' James' silence begged him to continue. 'You see during her visit to my house Christina made a dramatic entrance and confronted her husband's mistress.'
		'So our hopes that Eleanor and Harry assumed Christina to be dead after Naseby are unfounded.'
		'It would seem so, yes.' 

A few moment passed by during which Carlisle explained in some detail about what happened during Eleanor's visit to his London home.

		'Then we are agreed,' Carlisle wiped his mouth with the back of his sleeve – a habit which he used only when not in the company of women.
		'We are.' James finished his ale.
		'You must go home and sort out your affairs. My task in London will have to wait until you return here.'
		'Why must you wait?'
		'I think one of us needs to be close to this place, I am uneasy at the thought of leaving the women here for as long as it would take both of us to complete our journeys
		'I see you have thought of everything.' James nodded with a smile.
		'I have grown use to thinking of everything - my life has depended on it since this war began. There is one other thing which troubles me and I need to understand how it lies with us out here at Rochford House.'
		'And what might that be?' James had assumed that his new found comrade would have no doubts at all in his planning.
		'The smugglers whom we have talked about and then dismissed and how my house is being used and who can be trusted and who cannot.'
		'You know this to be a fact?' James abandoned his tankard, seized a goblet and filled it with wine.
		'Well,' Carlisle watched James pour a second goblet of wine and offer it to him. 'There are facts and there are facts – some good, and some not so good.' 
		'Go on?' James relaxed in his chair.
		'My loyal servant is in the thick of it with the smugglers of this area, of that I am certain, and I need to know if he would allow me to meet their leader?'
		'Jack Miller with one eye?' James thought he had the name.
		'No, Jack may be the leader on the ground where their hard work and danger takes place but somebody else is controlling him of that I am certain. A man of quality and understanding and probably versed in the French language.'  
		'How would that help us?'
		'Whoever leads these men would be perfectly placed to help Christina escape from these shores when the time comes.'
		'And Christina has already told us that Jack Miller was known to her French Captain?' James offered the wine to his lips.
		'Quite so,' Carlisle nodded. 'We may be on the brink of gaining a guarantee of success in our endeavour to get Christina safely on her French ship, but that can only come by talking to the man who controls the smugglers. Whilst you are away  I shall seek out this man and offer him our guarantee that his secret would be safe with us in exchange for his assistance in getting Christina safely aboard her ship.'
		'Even if you were to find this fellow he may be unwilling to trust us?' James admitted the fact.
		'He will trust us. He will trust me. You may rely on it.' 

The rest of the evening was taken up with the two men working out the details of the tasks which they each had to accomplish, and neither of them was quite sure who had the more complicated of the two plans. Although James was not looking forward to such a long journey it did have benefits for it would give him the opportunity to satisfy himself that all was well with his estate and its' people and lands. And the fact that much of Essex was in the hands of Royalists was in his favour.

Soon after midnight, and convinced that he could in every respect trust Carlisle, James slid into his bed and wrapped his arms around the warm body of Christina. It would be the last time he did so for some weeks.

The following morning – the first day of June, James abandoned the bed to Christina, said his farewells to her and made to leave her chamber without giving her the real reason for his journey.
		'I have my estate to look after in Oxfordshire, you have always known this.' He called back to her as a look of concern washed over her face. 'You are safe here, so too is Françoise and we have a good protector in Carlisle, I do not know what we would have done without him. And I do not know why he helps us as he does.'
		'You are right of course,' Christina nodded. 'We are fortunate to have his services and I too do not know why he helps us.' She lied as a look of embarrassment spread across her face when she recalled their adventures together before Naseby – a look of embarrassment the reason for which only she knew. 	

After a tearful farewell Christina stood by her chamber window and set a sorry sight as she watched her lover ride away from her down the path which ended at the distant gates. As he disappeared to her right and to the south Christina's attention was diverted to her younger sister talking to Jack Miller in a manner which raised suspicion in Christina's mind. Normally such a sight would not have concerned her but Christina didn't trust her.  The same hot headedness and desire for adventure which Christina had grown use to seeing in her sister still seemed to control Françoise and so she knew that the young girl was planning something to satisfy her desire for excitement. Jack Miller, in Christina's opinion, would not have known that his new found friend was with child for she certainly had not gained any more weight over the last month which to any expectant mother would have been cause for concern.

Down on the lawns, or what passed for lawns in war-torn England, Christina still watched them from her vantage point, and although Christina could not have known it Françoise appeared to have achieved what she set out to do when she first spoke to Jack.

The conversation which Christina could not hear was reaching its conclusion.
		'So we are agreed then Jack?'
		'You might call it an agreement, I call it blackmail.' Jack gave in to her demands.
		'But you will allow it will you not? otherwise I shall go anyway tonight and make as much noise as I can and then you would be forced to abandon your clandestine activities on the beach nearby.'
		'I cannot be responsible for what happens to you if you do such a thing.'
		'No,' she smiled, 'but your promise will be responsible for making sure I do not call out in the first place. It is such a small price to pay for my silence and it will satisfy in me my desire to be a smuggler for just one night!'
   	'Then as you say we have an agreement but just for one night and then you return here and never call upon me to take you with me again.' He watched her nodding a false smile of agreement as her anticipation of the night ahead gripped her. 'You must of course dress as a boy with tight wadding around your breasts. We do not want your curves to give you away which they surely would if you did not conceal them.' He cast his eyes down to her waist. 'Your stomach will pass for an unfit boy I suppose.' He was of course ignorant of her medical condition.
		'Then my breasts will be concealed as you ask, but not my waistline! There are fat boys as well as fat girls in Essex' She smiled her agreement at his request.

That night after completing all the preparation that had been asked of her Françoise lay on her bed ready for the excitement of smuggling ahead of her. She had convinced Christina that she was going to sleep early because of a headache and as a bonus Carlisle would not get in the way of her excitement because he had already left for London that same afternoon. His departure had been delayed because he had found it necessary to talk to Jack Miller about who was controlling him and how he could meet him as soon as was possible. It was later that night that these facts would be revealed to Françoise when he took her on her adventure and during the long wait in a cove near a beach waiting for others to join them and the expected ship to arrive with its contraband.

Jack had found the matter of the new boy easily explained to his fellow smugglers who appeared to accept him as their own from the moment they set eyes on her. The night was cool with a flat calm sea – perfect for landing contraband from the ship which was just coming into view round the headland to the east in the direction of France. Françoise – masquerading as Matthew Carter, a made up name, looked around as her heart began to race with excitement. This was what she had wanted from the very first moment that she heard about Jack and his activities, and now she had what she wanted and it satisfied her thirst for adventure. She didn't recognise any of the other men in the orange light of the lanterns, and really she had not expected to except for perhaps John but he was nowhere to be seen. What she could not fail to notice was a man on a black horse half way up the beach who appeared to be issuing instructions to a number of the men. Could this be the man who controlled the smuggling in these parts? she asked herself until her concentration was interrupted by a sharp tap on her shoulder.
		'Matthew?' Françoise connected a face to the hand as she turned round towards the sea and the man who had called her name. 'You will be expected to work,' Jack warned her, 'and work hard, this may be an adventure to you but not for these men who do it for a living and by so doing risk death if they are caught.'
		'I understand Sir.' She watched Jack take her hands in his and turn them palm upwards.
		'These hands have never seen a hard day's work in their life.' He told her what she already knew. 'Do your best, work hard and lift what you can. You won't manage the barrels but you could help with the silks. And do not try to lift the bales of wool which we shall take to the ship, they are far too heavy for the likes of you.' He reached down, took sand in his hands and crushed it into her hands front and back.
		'I will do as you ask.' She nodded as she remembered that Jack could not have known about the fact that she was with child and she should not, therefore, be doing any heavy work at all. Still, she reminded herself, she would not waste this moment and would do her best. She turned away from Jack and fixed her eyes once again on the rider on horseback who was now looking towards the sea through a telescope. The angle of the spyglass would have told anyone close to him that he was either looking at Françoise or at the approaching ship under half sail. The condition of the ship could only been seen because of a full moon glowing in a clear star filled sky.

Within a matter of minutes three rowing boats approached  Françoise and her new found colleagues who were waist deep in the incoming tide. Soon the first boat came alongside them and her fellow smugglers straight away began to unload a mixture of barrels and sacks with experienced ease before carrying them up the beach towards wagons and horses which had started to appear in the cove. In their place on the boat wool was loaded for a return journey to the ship. Not more than two more minutes passed before a second boat arrived and as it did so the bow struck Françoise in the ribs who would, had she not been able to control herself, have cried out in pain as the boat injured her quite badly. As she fought hard to remain upright in the sea she gasped for breath and watched a barrel being lifted over the gunwale of the boat towards her. She was fortunate that Jack was quickly besides her to help lift the barrel from the boat before placing it on his shoulder. For the next few minutes the lifting of items continued in a similar manner until the small boat was empty and Françoise had done her best to pretend to be lifting at least half of the weight which was only done for appearances sake since Jack did most of the lifting. All during this activity she was in some pain and she knew that she had injured herself during her confrontation with the boat.

The next part of the task that she had to become involved in was her undoing. Once she had waded out of the sea and reached a horse and cart at the waters edge Françoise continued her play-acting by helping Jack load their items onto the cart. When the last barrel had been secured on the wagon the horse made a move to go – a move which was so sudden that the very last barrel to be loaded slipped off the cart and onto Françoise's shoulder knocking her down on the beach in the wet sand with the barrel on her chest. The heavy item would surely have killed her were it not for the quick reaction of Jack who took most of its weight in his strong hands.

Françoise remained where she had fallen and looked up at the stars as she fought to breath, she knew that she had done herself a great deal of harm as she fought back the tears from the pain in her belly. She became alarmed when she found blood in her mouth which she spat out in as masculine a way as she could. She looked up into the night sky once again as the man whom she had seen on horseback was no longer on horseback but kneeling by her side with his blonde hair half hiding his young good looks as he threw his hat to one side and slipped an arm under her.
		'Remove his shirt.' He called out to Jack. 'I must see what damage has been done to his chest.'
		'Jacob, No!' Jack yelled as he watched her cap slide off her head to reveal her long hair.
		'Why not?' The blonde haired man who appeared to go by the name of Jacob asked. 'We must stop the bleeding?'
		'Do it back at your house I implore you Sir' Jack looked around at the gathering crowd of smugglers staring at the long haired boy on the sand. 'You will understand why I ask this thing of you when we are in private.' Jack knew what would be discovered under her shirt and it was not a sight which he wanted his men to see.
		'Very well I will trust in your judgement.' Jacob climbed to his feet. 'And I will expect an explanation from you back at the house!'
		'You shall have it.' Jack ended the conversation as he took Françoise in his arms and lifted her onto the cart in place of the barrel which had done her so much harm. She cried out in pain as the injury to her belly took hold of her.

The journey from the beach was longer and more painful than Françoise had hoped it would be and she was grateful when the lights of a large house came into view ahead of them - it was not Rochford House. A few minutes later they came to a standstill at what she assumed to be the front door. Jacob disappeared into the house leaving Jack and Françoise alone together.
		'Jack?' She gasped. 'There is something that you must know.'
		''I think I already know enough,' Jack did not expect more revelations than he already had received from her. 'And so too will Jacob Riley as soon as they begin to examine you.'
		'Which is why I must tell you one thing more.'
		'Go on.' He watched Jacob and two servants come out of the house.
		'I am with child!' She watched a look which she could only describe as one of surprise wash across his face. 'Or there again I may not be now given the pain that is coming from my belly. These men cannot be allowed to remove my clothing, that must be done by women who will know what to do.'
		Françoise watched as best she could as Jack abandoned her and stopped Jacob in his tracks before clearly explaining as much as he dare to his Master out of earshot of others. A few minutes later - minutes during which a number of female servants were summoned to the pain racked Françoise's' young body. She was lifted carefully off the cart by  two men who she vaguely remembered from the beach - a moment later the stricken Françoise was inside the house and out of public view.

Once in the privacy of a bed with only females attending her, and curtains drawn around the bed with all men banished from the room, Françoise found her clothing being carefully removed to reveal breasts which had been constricted for far too long. A moment later her leggings had been removed to expose the reason for the pain in her belly which the eldest of the women recognised instantly. This older woman was exactly what Françoise needed to keep her calm and as she looked at the large ruddy face of the woman she knew that she was in good hands. It was now that Françoise, overcome with pain but thankful for the experienced attention that she was receiving, fell into a fitful and exhausted sleep. The sleep would last last for some hours after which time she would wake to find that she was no longer with child but her health was saved.

It was not until the next day that Carlisle was informed – by John and Jack together – about the disaster which had befallen Françoise, and the news reached them even before her absence from Rochford Houser had been noticed. Jacob Riley had sent word to Carlisle that they should meet at Jacob's house since that was where Françoise was recuperating. The distance between Rochford House and Jacob's own House was not great and so Carlisle was soon on his way to meet Jacob. He had  left orders for his servants not to say anything to Christina about her younger sister except for the fact that she was safe and well and would soon be home.

The coming together of the two men was fortuitous for Carlisle because he had already made up his mind that such a meeting must take place. He needed to secure Jacob's assistance to get Christina to France when and if the need arose.
 
That afternoon Carlisle and Christina made their way to the Riley household and as soon as they entered the house Christina was shown upstairs to the room where Françoise was resting. Whilst this was taking place Carlisle sat down at the long table in the Great Hall with Jacob who then explained the events of the night before. Both men agreed that no blame could be attached to John or Jack for Françoise's foolhardy demand that she should be allowed to take part in what she called the adventure of smuggling. The discussion then moved on to Christina's plight and the need if and when it arose to get her across the channel to France. Jacob accepted that he was perfectly placed to organise such an evacuation.

		'I am no longer with child.' Françoise stared at Christina's hand which she had taken in her own. 'Perhaps that is a good thing given the circumstances of how it got in me in the first place.' Christina watched the tears begin to flow uncontrollably from her sister's tired eyes. 'Nevertheless it was my child.' Françoise looked at her sister.
		'I am not going to admonish you for what you did on the beach.' Christina assured her. 'For you know better than I how foolhardy it was.'
		'I know that.' Françoise nodded as she played with the rings on her sister's fingers. 'But what is done is done and I would like to promise you that I will not do it again, but I cannot make such a promise for the spirit of adventure is in me. You know me well enough. You have always known that.'
----
As May turned into June and the weather became hot and dry Françoise returned to Rochford House fully recovered and eager for more adventure which did not surprise Christina at all. It wasn't long before the younger sister began exploring the house and neither was it long before Françoise found a tunnel leading from the cellars of Carlisle's house to a nearby church and she knew instantly that it must have been used by the smugglers. She elected not to tell Carlisle or her sister but to keep the secret to herself.

Carlisle went to London where he found that there was no sign of Harry or Eleanor which he could only suppose was because they had gone north to Harry's Yorkshire home. So for now there was no arrest warrant for Christina which made her stay at Rochford House safe for the immediate future.
----
Having satisfied himself that all was well at Sutton Manor except for his mother not looking at all well, James made a visit to Sarah who was now eight months pregnant and not able to do much except rest. 
		'It is so good to see you again.' Sarah greeted him on his arrival at the door of her House. 'Please come in and take some wine in my garden.'
		'Nothing would please me more.' James took her hand in his and kissed it and she responded by kissing him on his cheek rather than allowing him to take and kiss her hand. 
		'I think we are entitled to a little more pleasure than a kiss on the hand?' her warm lips hovered close to his face as she smiled at him.
		'I agree,' he responded by kissing her on the cheek. 'And how is Susanna?'
		'She copes with life as best she can but I am not convinced she is fully recovered from her illness yet. Still it gives me great comfort to know that she is with me at this time of need and that fact will be more important to me next month when I give birth.'
		'And I assume that there is still no man in your life? - no father for the child?'
		'Only you.' She astonished him with her response and her smile. 'And I know that is impossible of course but I can still dream.'
		'I am lost for words.' Was all that he could find to say.
		'Of course you are,' she continued to smile at him as she took his hand in her own and held it tightly. 'You have your Christina and I will have my child and that must be how it is and will be forever more.'

James fell into a kind of a trance as he thought about Sarah's last sentence which he didn't like it for it seemed so final.

It wasn't many minutes before the two of them were sitting side by side in her garden with James enjoying a very good quality wine with no sour taste at all.
		'Forgive me,' Sarah cast a sideways glance at her one-time lover, 'I almost forgot to ask - how is Christina?' She ran the tip of her tongue over her upper lip. 'And where is she? My contacts in London tell me she may be in some trouble with the Parliament?'
		'She may be.' James studied Sarah's face for signs that he could trust her.
		'She and I did not see eye to eye when we met but I would not wish her any harm.'
		
James explained all that he dare divulge without giving away details of where Carlisle's' house was save for the fact that it was somewhere in Essex and he knew that that secret would be safe with her. He could not however deny that he was being aided by Carlisle but he felt it would do them no harm.

		'So she is safe in Essex?' She watched him nod. 'And so that explains why it is so long since last I saw you? The end of March I think it was?'
		'It was,' he sipped more of his wine and she did the same, 'and I know our secret will remain a secret.'
		'You have my word on it.' She convinced him with a half-truth before changing the subject. 'You mother is not at all well you know?' Sarah told him what he already knew.
		'I know that. Little wonder I suppose given her age, and I can say with hand on my heart that this is the first time I have ever known her to be ill.'
		'I see her whenever I can but not recently due to my condition.'
		'That pleases me more than you can imagine but do not, I beg of you, exert yourself for you are not in a position to make even that short journey to my house, and I know that my mother would understand.'

A quiet moment slipped by with only the sounds of summer reaching their ears, and in that moment they could so much have been lovers once again.

		'Where would you and I be now if you did not have Christina do you think?' She suddenly threw at him.
		'I think we might have been married and I think you would have been overjoyed by the fact.'
		'I would,' she nodded, 'It has always been my dream.'
		'But as you say I now have my Christina.'
		'As I said earlier she and I did not see eye to eye on the one and only occasion that we met, and I think that perhaps that was a good thing?'
		'Perhaps.' James allowed Sarah to rest her head on his shoulder and her hair to brush his cheek.
----
The idyllic life and sense of peace for Christina came to an abrupt end during one of Carlisle' London visit when he heard from Parliament of a situation which would have an unpleasant effect on her. On the twenty eight of June King Charles sent Jean de Montereul to France as his agent to plead for military help from Cardinal Mazarin. This not only made Christina's French connection very dangerous but it also made the fact that she was catholic most unfortunate. Upon his return to Essex during the early part of July Carlisle made quite certain that Christina should remain secure behind the gates of his house and must not go riding or exploring again. This rule did not apply to Françoise who continued to roam the countryside and  visit Jacob at his house. Over recent days she had grown attached to Jacob and seemed utterly unable to stay away from him.
----
During the second week of July Jacob Riley announced that he would be holding a ball at his house on the twentieth day of the month and with this in mind he extended his invitation to the two ladies and two gentlemen of Rochford House. Christina made her excuses not to go after being warned off the venture by both James and Carlisle. Having only just returned from Sutton Manor James also turned down the invitation so that he could be with Christina to make amends for spending so long away from her during his journey to Oxfordshire. Françoise of course had no intention of turning down such a rare invitation and no attempt was made to prevent her from going. She was, after all, fully recovered from her accident and she still had that spirit for adventure in her which had got her into so much trouble on a number of occasions. Carlisle had to admit to being a little confused as to why Jacob was holding a ball at all since he was a supporter of Parliament yet seemed to ignore what should have been Parliament's puritan beliefs which did not condone lavish socialising. Carlisle excused Jacob's unusual behaviour by telling himself that the man was only a Parliamentarian during times of battles and then only as a duty to his late father.

On the day of the ball Françoise, with much assistance from her sister, prepared herself for the evening ahead. She intended to do just as she pleased at the gathering even though Carlisle had made it clear that he would escort her to the ball himself - what he did once she was free of him and the music began she did not care. Christina was all too aware of what Françoise might get up to whilst she was away at the ball and the wine at her lips and young men of quality at her side, including Jacob himself, but she could do little to warn her or stop her from going.

A little before midnight the condition of Françoise was just as Carlisle had expected – she had had far too much wine and too much attention from Jacob and as such Carlisle could see how the night and early morning would progress which was something that disinterested him. He knew from experience how easily she would give herself to any man after so much drink and he knew too how enjoyable it would be for Jacob so he decided to relinquish any responsibility for her actions and make Jacob responsible for her and leave both the ball and Françoise to her own devices whilst he made his way home. Trying to bring Françoise with him would be a waste of time for he knew that she would fight any attempt to bring her excitement and pleasure to an end. She had decided that Jacob would be her prize for the night and there would be no turning her head in another direction.

Soon after midnight Françoise took Jacob by the hand and led him to his grand staircase a short journey away from where the ball was taking place. She forced her lips onto his and put her arms around his waist. His hands mirrored her actions and they found the warmth of her body below her waist and quite clearly she enjoyed it as she allowed a gasp of pleasure escape her lips. It did not take long for him to encourage her to climb the long staircase and fall across the threshold of his own chamber where his mouth soon found her breasts once he had loosened the back of her gown as she allowed her hair to fall over her naked shoulders. His lips teased the erect peaks of her breasts and she gasped in delight as his hand easily lifted her gown and underskirts before finding the inside of her thighs. She in turn knew exactly what to do with her hands as her mouth clamped on his own and her hands exposed that part of him which showed how much he wanted and needed her.

Jacob was having none of her games and to show her who was master he took control of their love-making by turning her face down on his bed and putting his hands under her thighs. It was now that he entered her with her beautiful naked back before his eyes and she allowed a cry to escape from her mouth and gritted teeth as the pleasure overwhelmed her. For the next few minutes she experienced more pleasure than she could ever remember experiencing before with a man and when the climax of it was past its peak she fell back exhausted onto the bed. After a few minutes rest and only because they had youth on their side they made love a second time and achieved the same ecstatic conclusion as they did earlier. A moment later they were both asleep.
----
The union between the two young lovers was so strong that they both knew it to be the start of a romance that they both wanted and both would enjoy. She had become as one with the leader of the smugglers and it excited her. She was now able to join in with the smuggling but now in an enhanced position where she made more of the decisions which Jacob would once have made. Jacob thought it was the making of her - she had a good head on her shoulders and she was quite use to hardships and danger.
----
It was during the first week of August that James, Carlisle and Jacob met at his house to talk for the first time about Françoise and about Christina and her fate. The meeting had been arranged at the end of July by Carlisle who felt that enough time had lapsed since they had arrived in Essex and Françoise had had her accident.
		'My dear fellow,' Jacob greeted Carlisle at the front of his house with a sturdy shake of the hand as he looked over the man's shoulder at James. 'And you must be James?' He took his hand and gave him a warm greeting before leading them into his house. All three men wore the uniform of officers of the New Model Army – Jacob and Carlisle for obvious reasons and James because he could not wear his usual Royalist Cavalier uniform being so many miles from Royalist held lands which were now becoming few and far between. In fact Colchester was the only place where a Royalist might enjoy some semblance of safety.

		'Good evening gentlemen?' Françoise called out to them from the entrance hall as she reached the last step of a long staircase which swept down from upstairs. 'Please follow me and take some refreshments.' She led the way into Jacob's great hall and as she did so Carlisle could not take his eyes off how beautiful she looked in her long scarlet gown and her long hair flowing over her shoulders. He looked at James and nodded to him with a smile which told James how much he approved of her appearance.
		'You are looking exquisite tonight Françoise,' Carlisle sat down at the table whilst Jacob invited James to do the same. 'You are a far cry from the bruised and battered girl of a few weeks ago and not at all like the one who came to me after Corfe Castle?'
		'Living here very much suits me.' Françoise poured wine for them all. 'Living with Jacob is good for me.' She added with a smile.
		'So I see,' Carlisle also allowed a smile to crease his face, 'and now to the business in hand.' He turned to Jacob. 'There is one who cannot be here tonight.'
		'My sister?' Françoise asked and she knew she was right.
		'The same.' Carlisle nodded. 'I did consider bringing her here but it remains too dangerous. She is a wanted woman and much safer at Rochford House.'
		'I know some of what Christina has had to endure this last year,' Jacob confessed, 'but I must know more if I am going to risk my men for her safety. Tell me of her story and I will forgive you if you repeat what I already know.'
		'Very well.' Carlisle gave his usual little bow of agreement. 'I will begin and James can continue when he feels the time is right for his own intervention for there is much to the Christina story which only he will know.

And so the story began as the wine flowed and all four of them had their opportunity to tell their own part of the tale when they saw fit to do so. At the end of the storytelling it was clear that Christina's time in England had been eventful and fraught with danger and all because she felt an urgency to gain revenge over the death of her cousin Rachel.

		'And now I understand.' Jacob climbed to his feet, kissed Françoise on the back of her neck and began to re-fill all the empty wine cups. 'I understand why there may be a need to get Lady Christina Norfolk....'
		'…...She prefers Hanover.' Françoise interrupted him with what she considered to be an important point. 'Given what has happened to her and Harry – Sir Henry Norfolk – I am not surprised, and the matter has been made worse by his whore of a mistress, Eleanor, also using the name Norfolk.'
		'A good point.' Jacob bowed to her superior knowledge of her sister. 'We are fortunate gentlemen, that we are to receive a consignment of contraband tomorrow night from the good ship Le Marseilles. Françoise will see to it that all goes well whilst the two of you will come with me by rowing boat and I shall introduce you to Captain Le Fere – the man who will be responsible for seeing Christina safely to France  if and when the time comes for her to leave these shores.'














22. BACK TO THE CHANNEL
8th AUGUST – OFF AN ESSEX BEACH

The summer of 1646 continued to be long and hot which gave clear skies each and every night – so good for smuggling activities off the Essex coast when it was not a full moon and so bad when it was a full moon. It was the same beach that the gang had used the night of Françoise' disaster, but tonight, dressed in men's black clothing but still with her hair worn long, she was a much more capable woman. Jacob, James and Carlisle gathered on the beach as agreed the night before ready to take to a rowing boat as soon as one arrived from a ship at anchor in the distance – Le Marseilles. The men were on foot, their horses having been left far behind in a secure stable.

All three men watched in nervous excitement as the contraband arrived on time from the distant ship. The first boat emptied its contents on the beach and turned ready to return to the mother ship. It did not immediately go because as instructed the men who were in it gesticulated to the three shore-bound officers to climb aboard which they proceeded to do – Jacob with experience of the sea and the other two with no experience whatsoever.

The boat took some time to reach the ship because Captain Le Fere had anchored some distance away being cautious about coming too far into shallow waters. When at last they came alongside the ship Jacob easily climbed up the sloping side of the vessel whilst the other two struggled before they too stood on the firm deck and came face to face with the Master of the ship. All four men were soon taking wine in his cabin from where a view of the sea could be gained from the open windows at the stern of the ship.
		'Forgive me gentlemen,' Le Fere spoke in his good English but with the inevitable French accent. 'Tonight I am uneasy for no reason whatsoever and so I have need to keep a lookout on the beach far away.' His suspicions would prove to be well founded. 'Before you begin with your tale of woe for this woman Christina,' Le Fere continued, 'you may or may not be aware of it but I know something of her already because I brought her ashore about a year ago. I also know what Jacob told me about her recent history when last we met.'
		'How much do you know?' James pressed him eagerly.
		'I know why she came to England. I know about her husband and his mistress and about the cousin who was executed and I know that Christina felt the need to cross a dangerous country which had become foreign to her in order that she might gain some ill-sought revenge which was never going to do her much good. We had a difficult time getting ashore and her troubles did not end when she reached land. She had a visitor in her chamber at the inn which I imagined was safe but I was wrong. What dignity she had was almost taken from her when a man who we never trusted attacked her and the man you call Jack made sure that her assailant never bothered her or any other woman for that matter ever again.'

The exchange of information continued for some minutes until Le Fere fell silent and held up his right hand to silence his guests. He had reacted to words of warning in French from somewhere on the deck above him. He turned down the flame in his lantern before going over to one of the open windows where he fixed his eyes on some distant object or person. He then made his way across the cabin, stepped outside and spoke in French to an unseen crew member. A moment later he was back in the cabin.
		'We are not alone gentlemen.' He refilled their wine cups in a manner which told them that there was nothing to be unduly worried about. 'I regret to say that those of you who are not familiar with spending the night at sea are in for an uncomfortable few hours.'
		'Why?' Carlisle threw back at him as he put the wine to his lips.
		'Because there are soldiers on the dunes behind the beach and so you must all remain on my ship for tonight until the way is clear for you to make landfall again.'
		'How do you know all of this?' Carlisle was curious.
		'We have a long established system of signalling with lanterns so I know exactly what is going on. I would not be in this business were it not so.'
		'And my men?' Jacob asked as he too supped his wine.
		'Long gone,' Le Fere smiled. 'Your lookouts have worked well tonight and I rather fancy that by now all that we have taken ashore is safely hidden in the tunnels between the church and your house Captain Carlisle.'

Carlisle didn't know how to respond for it seemed that the good Captain knew more about the tunnels under Rochford House than he did. Little did he know that Françoise also knew more on this subject than he did. And he didn't know if he should be concerned or not so he tried to put the subject out of his mind.

		'Are you not worried about government ships attacking you here?' James expressed his concern.
		'Not tonight,' Le Fere almost allowed himself a laugh. 'You see there is no wind. We are nestled in a flat calm which is fortunate for guests such as yourselves who must endure a night on my ship.'
		James smiled but only because he felt so stupid in not knowing about the flat calm. He never had been a seaman and never would be and he wasn't sorry for it.
		'And now to return to our business gentlemen,' Le Fere dismissed what was happening far away on the beach. 'It is clear that your Christina is in trouble – how much trouble is for you to decide but I will be ready at a moment's notice to take her back to France when and if you so desire it.'
		'It may not be until next year.' Carlisle thought the warning to be a good one.
		'No matter,' Le Fere emptied his cup. 'I will be ready whenever you are in need of my services.'

The following morning dawned with a heavy mist preventing any view of the beach from the ship and as the wet moist air dripped from the rigging all four men awoke to a breakfast of cold meat and some rather good bread. The night had not been a good one as the three of them slept in very cramped bunks – but at least they were safe

		'We shall make for the shore in a few minutes.' Le Fere explained to the three of them as he issued instructions in French to his crew. His three guests could only assume that the instruction was to prepare the rowing boat to ferry them back to shore. 'I shall come with you,' he answered Carlisle's unasked question. 'I alone will know if it is safe to put you ashore on the beach though I rather fancy it will be.'
		About fifteen minutes later Le Fere was wading in the sea just short of the waterline below the beach which Jacob knew so well and as each one in turn stepped out of the boat Le Fere  shook hands with them and repeated his promise of help whenever it was needed.
		'We have supped well and taken much wine and for that I thank you all.' He shook hands with James last of all. 'You have experienced what my ship has to offer and she will be at your command when needed. Your company last night was welcome and now we understand and trust one another. So in a manner of speaking last night's enforced stay on my ship have been useful by throwing us together to talk of everything except war and disease.' He looked up the beach at an approaching rider. 'And this I assume is your Françoise with your horses.'

A few hours later Jacob and Françoise were safely back at his house and James and Carlisle were safely back at Rochford House with Carlisle promising himself that he would discover just how many tunnels were under his property and where they led to. For some reason unknown to him James found that his mind was wandering in the direction of Sarah and her child. Those thoughts were only momentary however for they drained from his mind the moment that his hands and lips found Christina.
23. TO LONDON AND TO OXFORDSHIRE
LATE SUMMER AND EAFRLY AUTUMN 1646

During the last week of a very hot August Carlisle and James each made important journeys away from Essex – Carlisle back to London and James back to his own home of Sutton Manor. Carlisle had searched and found the tunnels beneath his house and satisfied that they were being used sensibly by Jack and John he chose not to question them on their knowledge and their use except to make them aware that he knew of the existence of the tunnels. He had made the decision to go to London because he didn't trust Eleanor or Harry who had remained silent for longer than he had expected them too, and in any case what they did had a direct effect on what he should do with Christina now that summer and its inevitable good weather were drawing to a close.

James had less suspicious reasons for leaving Essex – he felt the need to visit his ailing mother and his home and he had a curiosity about Sarah Richmond which he could not banish from his mind. As he covered the miles between Essex and Oxfordshire he roughly calculated that Sarah should have given birth to her child about two months ago and he was keen to know that all had gone well with his neighbour and one-time lover. After a hot few day's ride he finally found himself staring at Warrick House as he headed for his own home and he was pleased to see a little activity outside Sarah's house. All looked as it should and it pleased him as he headed downhill towards Sutton Manor. A moment later he had abandoned his horse to the capable hands of a stable boy whom he did not know and made his way into his house where he found his very frail but happy mother.

Following a good drink and greetings by the household Lady Mary watched her son as he listened to a full and detailed report about the running of his estates by John Swift – the man whom his father had appointed as guardian of Sutton Manor when civil war broke out all those years ago and James began his long periods of absence from his home. Happy that his lands and properties were being handled well James decided to walk rather than ride to Warrick House and with that in mind he did not wait at Sutton Manor any longer as the distant shape of Sarah's house enticed him to its comforts and a forgotten love. And as he neared the house of the woman who should have been his wife many years ago the unmistakable cry of an infant rang out across the approaching gardens of Warrick House.

James paused for a while as he leant against the last fence which bounded his lands from the Richmond lands as Sarah strode out of her front entrance and turned to go to her left and James' right in the direction of her barn.
		'It sounds as if all has gone well with the birth of your child?' James called out assuming that because the infant was nowhere to be seen he or she would be in the capable hands and care of Sarah's wet-nurse. He smiled as he watched another smile wash across Sarah's face and she turned and set her blue eyes on his face.
		'It has.' She held her arms out in front of herself as an invitation that he should embrace her. 'My daughter is healthy and has a name – Cathryn.'
		'After your mother?' James stated what was obvious to anyone who knew the history of the family. 
		'He wrapped his arms around her as he found her slim body pressed against his own and Sarah's face against his chest. He allowed his lips to meet hers longer than they should and he knew not why he had allowed that to happen without any guilt whatsoever.
		'Cathryn Rachel Richmond is two months old and, as you must have heard, has a strong voice.' Sarah tore her lips and her face away from his.
		'Rachel?' James creased his forehead. 'You named your daughter after your enemy and my father's enemy?'
		'No.' Sarah was having none of his criticisms. 'I named her after my mother and for a middle name I gave her that of my sister with whom I had but a brief relationship. I care not if you agree or disagree with it but in any case it will not change things if you do not approve.'
		'Forgive me?' He bowed and took her hand in his.
		'And is it necessary for me to add that Rachel was your lover and gave you much pleasure?' She found the need to speak her mind.
		'You are right.' Still holding her hand he led her to the bench which had always lived at the front of her house. 'She did give me much pleasure and gave you much pain so we shall not speak of her again.' He smiled as Sarah shuffled close to him on the seat.
		'And are you still alone?' He was curious.
		'Do I have a lover or a husband you mean?'
		'I do mean that.'
		'The answer is no. I have had my fill of men after you, Roger and Will gave me much pain and from you and Will much love. I think I will take a rest form you all if you do not mind?' She raised one corner of her mouth in a smile and then she lifted his hand to her lips and kissed it.
		'You, however, are the one who is the most difficult to resist,' She surprised him with her words and her action which was to press the palm of his hand against her breasts. And her action stirred in him a desire for her which he had not known for some years.
-----

Two day's journey to the east Carlisle was completing his journey by entering London. The city had changed little since he had last visited it and as soon as he had satisfied himself that his horse was well stabled he walked to his house and greeted the few servants which he had left behind some months ago and he saw too that all was well with his property. He had no intention of remaining in his house in the August heat of the city so he made up his mind to go and see Maria and Isobella if both were still in London. For some reason he felt it was his duty to see both women and tell them how Christina and Françoise were, and with that in mind he made his way across London Bridge and towards the more crowded north side of the city and Maria’s house. 

Carlisle was not to be disappointed for both women were at home and both were eager to learn of their two relatives once all three had exhausted their greetings. Maria issued a hard-to-turn-down invitation that he should spend the night in her house and he happily accepted her persuasive offer.
		'And how are my two sisters?' Isobella invited him into the garden at the back of the house and the still hot rays of the sun which he had already had to endure over the last two days. The difference now was that he was in the company of two attractive women with a jug of ale in his hand and in a garden the quality of which was rare in London.
		'Your sisters are well enough though I would be surprised if you saw either of them again.' He watched Isobella turn to Maria and throw her a worried look.
		'Go on?' Maria encouraged.
		'Christina may be in serious trouble with Parliament and Françoise is so much in love with a local man that she is sure to marry him soon enough.
		'And her child? Isobella startled Carlisle with her question since he didn't know that she knew about Françoise's pregnancy.
		'You knew about that?'
		'We did,' Maria nodded. 'There is little which escapes our ears.
		'Then clearly your ears did not learn that she lost the child?' He watched the sadness wash over their faces. 'It is no disaster given the circumstances behind her being with child in the first place.' He watched them nod in reluctant agreement. 'She had an accident and lost the child.' He chose not to go into too much detail. 'She lost the child and gained a lover who has been very good to her and as I said a moment ago I doubt that she will return to London or Bristol.'
		'And Christina? You say she is in danger?' Isobella abandoned the subject of her youngest sister and turned instead to her older sister.
		'She may be in a precarious position,' he nodded to himself, 'which leads me to ask you both if you have knowledge of the whereabouts of Eleanor York or Norfolk or whatever she calls herself?'
		'Is Eleanor to blame for Christina's peril?' Maria correctly guessed.
		'I think so.'
		'We both saw her in London as recently as yesterday,' Maria threw a glance in Isobella's direction, 'And over the months we have noticed how accommodating and popular she is with officers of the Parliament.'
		'Is she indeed?' Carlisle nodded but it wasn't meant as a question because he half-suspected what Maria had just revealed. 

Their conversations continued well into the evening and they remained in the gardens until the light faded and they were forced to move back into the house. Carlisle had spent most of the time explaining about Christina's plight. When it came to moving the conversation onto the subject of Françoise Carlisle found himself reluctantly having to explain about the smugglers and Françoise's involvement in their activities – something which he had not really wanted to do. The evening finished with Carlisle inviting both women to accompany him back to Rochford House to say their farewells to Isobella's two sisters. Isobella eagerly accepted his invitation whilst Maria did not – she gave as an excuse, and it was a plausible excuse, that for both women to disappear from London would raise suspicion in Eleanor's mind. There was a time later in the evening when Carlisle found himself alone with Isobella after Maria had decided that the hour was late and so she retired to her bed. It was then that Carlisle learnt from Isobella that Maria had at long last attached herself to a lover – just how far the relationship had gone or would go was unknown to Isobella and she made Carlisle promise not to admit that he knew. Carlisle reached the conclusion that Maria's relationship with her new-found lover may well have been the real reason why she did not want to leave London no matter how short her absence may have been.   

No doubt the wine played a big part and so too did the heat of the late evening when Carlisle loosened his shirt and Isobella loosened her gown, but shortly before midnight and with thunder in the sky Carlisle found himself in a situation which he had promised himself he would not allow himself to get into. As he poured more wine for her she placed her slim fingers over his arm and set her eyes on his. With her wet lips slightly apart he forced his lips on hers and her lips and mouth responded as he would have liked. With their lips still locked together he was able to turn her round so that her back was against the edge of the table where they had been sitting for some minutes. He pushed her against the heavy table with his right leg between her thighs which she did not discourage, and as he pushed into her their squirming and passion sent their two cups of wine crashing to the floor.

Once the servants had been in – after no doubt being woken by the falling cups – they had cleaned up the mess and delivered two fresh cups of wine before leaving the drunken couple alone again. Once the servants had departed Carlisle found himself looking to offer an apology to Isobella which was certainly not what she was seeking or expected.

		'I have forced myself upon you and for that I ask your forgiveness my Lady?' He listened to the heavy rain beating against the windows as his lips remained but inches from her own.
		Isobella smiled and allowed her fingers to find the inside of his shirt. 'You are not required to ask for my forgiveness Sir. You are required to finish what you started but in my chamber upstairs and if you refuse you will never get my forgiveness.' She smiled as she pushed her lips against his again but only for a moment for she had a desire in her for him which overwhelmed her. With both hands she directed him towards the stairs and ignored the perspiration which plastered her thick fair hair against her left cheek.. With her usual long fringe masking her forehead she unintentionally hid the scar on her forehead from Carlisle for she had always tried hard to conceal it from others. By the time that the sun would rise again she didn't care about him seeing her scar or any other part of her body for that matter.
-----
During the same evening that Carlisle took Isobella to her bed, James, far away across the county of Oxfordshire, found himself in a situation which he swore to himself he had not planned yet admitted to perhaps dreaming of. Once again wine was the ammunition which pushed him and Sarah into something which both of them would regret the next day. James and Sarah enjoyed their evening in her garden where it too was warm and filled with sounds of a summer's evening. They were alone save for a fleeting glimpse of Susanna who, after greeting James with a little more passion than he was use to from her, excused herself and made for an early bed. After a few minutes a servant girl was the only other interruption in the garden and then only to deliver a very welcome jug of wine,
		'Susanna looks a little better than I have seen in the past months?' James tried a diversion from the warmth and passion which was enveloping them both.
		'And a little worse than on other occasions.' Sarah admitted. 'She worries me greatly and now she complains of a swelling in her stomach which I hasten to add is not due to being with child.' She raised her eyes towards the ceiling for just a moment. 'Still,' she sighed, 'she is improving and that is all that matters.'
		James watched a tear fall from her right eye and run down her cheek which she made no attempt to wipe away so James did it for her as she rested her left cheek on his shoulder.
		'Forgive me,' she sat upright again as James slipped her right hand into his. 'It may be nothing and I do not want to depress you with such talk, Susanna is not yet fighting for her life and God help her may make a full recovery. I so wish that she had a man to look after her rather than just me for I have my daughter to occupy my time.' She took a large gulp of her crimson wine - the gulp being so large that a little of it ran out of the corner of her beautiful mouth. 'How is Christina?' She suddenly moved the subject away from Susanna whilst at the same time diluting the passion which had been building up between them..
		'She is well but still remains in hiding away from those who would do her harm.'
		'Where is she hiding?'
James was startled at her question for he really did not want to admit where Christina was in case Sarah let the fact slip to anyone who might do Christina harm. 'Carlisle has a place in Essex.' He finally admitted and was reasonably content to do so since Sarah could not possibly know of Rochford House – by name or location.'
		'Carlisle?' She was surprised at the name suddenly coming up in conversation. 

James began and finished his explanation about the help that he was giving to and getting from his old enemy and for that matter Sarah's old enemy. He spoke of the reason for Cristina being in danger and as his tale came to an end he found himself holding her hand once again.
		
		'I understand.' She nodded. 'Then you are fortunate to have his help.' She ended the subject of Carlisle. 'And who exactly is Christina hiding from? Lady Eleanor York?' 
		'The same. And the woman still uses the title 'Lady' even though her lover is still married to Christina.'
		'I must correct you on that James.' She juggled the explanation around in her mind. 'I believe she is entitled to call herself Lady in her own right because her dead husband was Sir Geoffrey York of Monmouth who supported the King and worked tirelessly in France to gain support over there.'
		'I was not aware of that?' He confessed. 'And I do not think Christina knows that?'
		'It surprises me not. Eleanor prefers to keep the subject a secret and dwell only on the fact that she is the mistress of a supporter of Parliament. I only know of her former life because I have friends in London who know of such secrets. It was, shall we say, inconvenient for Eleanor to admit to having once had a Royalist husband when she is trying to promote Parliaments' view on Christina's French Catholic past.'
		'He lived in France? The same as Christina?'
		'Yes, odd is it not that your Christina knows nothing of him?'
		'Very odd, though France is rather a large place.' James smiled as he looked into Sarah's blue eyes as that particular part of their conversation came to an end.
		'What is even odder is that you are fighting to save her life and here you are holding my hand and I am widowed.'
		'Forgive me!' He withdrew his hand from hers.
		'No I will not forgive you. Your touch is so tender and so much what I need right now that I refuse to forgive you if you do not hold me again. And what we might start tonight will be just for tonight and will go no further. I have need of you and will hold you to nothing in the morning.' She astounded him with her outrageousness. 'Do what you want with me tonight and forget me in the morning.' And now it was her turn to lead him on as she took his right hand in hers and lifted it to the naked flesh where her gown gave up concealing her breasts. I have not felt you inside me for some time and for me that is an eternity so do what you want to do and allow me to experience what your Christina has experienced. She might have you for the rest of her life but she cannot have you not tonight. She is after all French, so she must have shown you what French women can do to their lovers! So remember those times and let me relish in them!'
		When at last they abandoned her garden for fear of being caught in a situation which was for theirs eyes only, they reached her chamber and he lifted her onto her bed where he raised her gown above her knees and made himself ready for her, and she could see that he was indeed ready and had without knowing it been ready for her for so many years.
		She gasped when he entered her but he did it so slowly that she had to hold her hand over her lips to stop the gasp turning into something louder. Even when he tore her gown off her breasts and buried his mouth on her swollen flesh he did it without haste or speed and by so doing she had to stifle crying out even more. The night eventually fell to silence when their bodies finally came to rest exhausted and drowned in a passion which they had not known before.
  
The next morning James made ready to go home and with him he would carry his guilt for having given in to his desire for the woman who should have been his wife all those years ago.
		'You will not feel any guilt for what we did last night?' Sarah was firm in her desire for his promise. 'We did what we both wanted and yes, in my case needed, and we should feel no regrets for it. I told you last night that it would be over on the morrow.'
		James didn't kiss her on her lips but only on her hand followed by a bow for to do more he felt would simply cast a shadow over what passed between them so many hours before. As he turned his back on her and stared at his horse which was already saddled and ready for him he heard the cry of Sarah's child which brought a smile to his face. He turned and watched Sarah hurry towards her house and he was content to know that she had her thoughts and priorities in the right direction.
		As Sarah entered her house Susanna greeted her as she came downstairs looking quite healthy and serene in a royal blue full sleeved gown which swept under her long hair on her back and tight across her breasts. Sarah couldn't remember when she had last seen her sister look so well.
		'Did you have a good night in the company of James?' Susanna suddenly threw at her sister after kissing her on both cheeks.
		'It was very pleasant,' Sarah smiled as she wondered how much of the activities in her bedchamber her sister may have heard.
		'He is good for you Sarah - he always was until that woman....'
		'…...Rachel?' Sarah interrupted her knowing exactly who she was talking about.
		'…..Sank her talons into him.' Susanna finished the sentence which she had started. 'And now you name your daughter after her.'
		'I will not be rebuked by you for that.' She grew suddenly annoyed but only for a moment. 'Rachel was my sister.'
		'A sister who stole James from you and now you battle with another Hanover woman for his affections and just like you did with Rachel you will lose.'
		'Christina does not fight me.' Was all that Sarah could find to say as she stared out of the great hall window at another hot August day.
		'I agree but she did not like you when the two of you  met here?'
		'Please Susanna,' Sarah's eyes fixed on her sister's eyes. 'Do not fight me over these women. I would rather you used all your energy into finding a man to love and to live with you..'
		'That was uncalled for!'
		'And undeserved.' She nodded her acceptance. 'I should not have said it. Please forgive me.'
		'I do forgive you - obviously I do.'
		'I just want you to be happy. Living with me and my daughter should not be enough for you. If it makes things easier for you I would move back to my house in London and let you live your life with whosoever you are happy with here.'
		'I am happy with you and with little Cathryn despite her other name.'
		'Not good enough.' Sarah shook her head. 'It is not good enough and I shall pray that you take a lover and settle down together.'
		'I think that might only be a man of great age for I am no longer young.'
		'You are only just turned thirty so show me some of that confidence in yourself which I was always able to rely on.' She watched her sister consider her words. 'And I shall consider moving back to London to allow you to breath again.'
		'A better use of your time and mine would be for the both of us to consider how we might break this bond between  your James and his Christina.' Susanna's words stunned Sarah into silence. 'And you are not thinking straight my dear sister. What is the point in you dragging yourself and your daughter and your wet-nurse and our devoted servant Nan to London when I can just as easily go there myself and have more chance of meeting someone that I can live with.'
		'But this is your house, I gave it to you.'
		'Then I give it back to you in exchange for your London House.' She smiled, but to herself, as she began to hatch a plan in her mind for relieving James of Christina and in order to do that she knew she had to go to London.
		'If that is your intention, and I admire you for it, my London home is ready for you, I had Cowpepper make sure of that through his contacts some time ago. I have the key with me and will give it to you gladly with a document of introduction and explanation for the household there. And of course a legal friend of Cowpepper's in London will do everything to assist you in that city and in my house.'
		'Thank you.' Susanna continued to smile to herself because now she knew what she must do.
----
James arrived back at Sutton Manor mid morning only to find a saddled horse without a rider standing alone in front of his door. As James examined the mare close up a familiar voice cried out to him.
		'Hello stranger?' Ned grinned as he came out of the front entrance. 'Yes she is mine and a fine horse she is too.' He smiled.
		'My dear fellow,' James advanced towards his old friend. 'It has been too long since last we met.' The two men hugged each other as if they were brothers. 'Where have you been? I have called upon you on a number of occasions and your mother had no idea where you were?'
		'She had no idea because I would not put her in danger by telling her. There is a great secret which I will not share with anyone because to do so may put all those who know of it in great danger.'
		'It involves others?'
		'Christina Hanover, you may have heard of her?'
		'Christina? Yes of course I have heard of her, she is Françoise's sister.' He didn't know why but for now he made a conscious decision not mention how close he and Françoise had once been, and, more importantly he dare not speak of his relationship with Christina.
		'Come,' James put an arm around his friend, 'take a cup of wine with me and I will tell you everything except for where Christina is now.' And as the two friends entered the house James began the conversation in a rather unusual way. 'When did you last visit Susanna?'
		'I cannot remember.' Ned rubbed his chin.
		'Some time ago I might suggest?'
		'Yes.'
		'Do go and see her today if you can. She has been ill and she needs a friend and I know that you could be that friend. You always seemed to get on well together.'
		'We did,' he nodded without considering any reference to how well they did get on together the last time they met. 'Very well,' he smiled, 'I will do as you ask.'
		'Not for me you understand?'
		'I will do it for the both of us.' Ned remembered how she was when she was in his bed
		James changed the subject and again began in an unusual way.  'You remember that fellow Carlisle?.........'
		And the conversation continued well into the night so that Ned understood everything, and throughout it all James made no mention of Rochford House.
----
Back in London and abandoning a rather sheepish and tired Isobella, Carlisle made his way eastwards to an inn near St Pauls where he had been told Eleanor – Lady Eleanor, had often been seen. After asking a few questions of people whom he knew he could trust Carlisle secured an address in exchange for a few drinks and a not unsubstantial sum of money.

A little way to the west of the inn Eleanor's home – Westgate House - lay on Thames Street just north of the river and not too far from Maria's house which Carlisle had to pass to reach Eleanor's home. Westgate House was rather more substantial than Carlisle had expected it to be and certainly fitted well with the wealth that her lover Harry was known to have and his mistress to crave for. The heat of the noon sun was already becoming too much for Carlisle as he hammered on the door before leaning against its frame and removing his helmet. When at last the door was opened and an elderly male servant stared at him Carlisle found the only words that he could as a greeting.
		'You Mistress is not expecting me, however she will see me if you announce me - Captain Carlisle at her service.'
		The door closed just as Carlisle expected it would, and also just as he expected the door opened again some moments later with an invitation for him to enter. Once in the cool of the entrance hall Eleanor greeted him with an outstretched hand and an invitation to follow her into the Great Hall after he had kissed her hand and offered her a bow which she accepted with a smile.
		'Well Captain,' the smile remained on her face. 'I had not expected to see you today or perhaps ever again.'
		'I had not planned to come to you until this morning when I decided that we should talk.'
		'About Christina?'
		'Of course about Christina,' he was a little sarcastic, 'and about a document which you stole from me.'
		'Ah!' She smiled but only to herself. 'Well, Sir, you should not be so careless when you leave me alone with your papers, or perhaps I should say the King's papers.'
		'The fact that the documents are written in the King's hand is clearly obvious to you Madam since you have used the document to your own advantage.'
		'That was my intention,' she cast him a smile which was not a pleasant one, 'but even with that evidence against her Parliament moves very slowly when it comes to arresting her.'
		'For being catholic and French?' He watched her smile another unattractive smile. And now for all her attractiveness he knew he disliked her.
		'Good enough for a death warrant these days.' Eleanor was somewhat triumphant. 'If we could find her.'
		'You will not find her for I have already delivered her back to the shores of France.' He lied and she knew it.
----
James and Carlisle both began their journeys back to Essex at about the same time although they could not have known it. James was alone and content with his thoughts whilst Carlisle had Maria and Isobella in a carriage behind him. They were on there way to see Christina and Françoise and if Carlisle was to be believed it may be their last visit for some considerable time. In their own ways both men had achieved what they wanted to achieve – and more. They had both started relationships which they had not intended to start or continue in James' case and neither of them knew where those relationships would lead them.
 
















24. A FOREIGN CITY FOR SUSANNA
WINTER 1646-1647

The day after James left Sutton Manor for Essex Ned made up his mind to do as his friend had suggested which was to visit Susanna again, but he did it because he wanted to see her not because James had asked him to. James mention of Susanna certainly stirred in him a feeling for her which he had largely forgotten during times of war. Despite the fact that there was an age difference of nine years between him and Susanna he still felt something for her and now that the civil war was lessoning in intensity as far as large scale battles were concerned Ned found himself looking for a new challenge in his life.

With dark thunder clouds rolling across a wintry sky Ned made his way on horseback to Warrick House where he was greeted by the wailing of Sarah's baby. He dropped down from his horse and offered the reins to a stable-boy who came scurrying out of a rear entrance on his way to the stables.
		'Ned?' Sarah emerged from her house but not with her baby who continued to cry somewhere inside the her home.
		'The same.' Ned smiled as he reached Sarah, took her hand in his and kissed it.
		'It has been so long since last we saw you?'
		'Indeed so,' he agreed. 'Is Susanna well? Is she here?'
		'She is here. Is that why you have come?'
		'Yes, although I am pleased to see you both.'
		'Well I am glad you have come especially to see her. I have James to visit me now and again but Susanna has nobody and it worries me.'
		'Well she should not be alone.' He allowed a sigh to escape from his lips. 'And although living out here in the country is in every respect idyllic it does leave her unable to see anyone other than you.' He heard Sarah's baby cry again. 'And of course your daughter.'
		'I agree and I have persuaded her to go to London for a while.' Sarah ignored the fact that it was Susanna who had made the decision and not her. 'And she will need someone to escort her at least part way so in that respect your arrival here is fortunate, so be warned, she may well ask you for help.'
		'Then she will have it.' He cast his mind back to the night he spent bedding Susanna. 'For old times sake she shall have it. I will do as she asks.'
		'Do not let her know that I told you. She would prefer it if the idea came from her.'
		And with that Sarah escorted him into her house where he came face to face with Susanna which triggered a nervous smile to wash across her face and his.
		'Susanna,' he took her hand in his and kissed it. 'How good to see you again.
		Susanna held onto his hand whilst still smiling and leaning towards him in a most evocative manner. And her lips brushed his ear 'How formal Ned, you were not so formal when last we were together.' She whispered in his ear with her warm lips touching his unshaven cheek, and as the whisper left her lips her eyes found the thoughtful lines which crease Sarah's face behind Ned's back.
		'Well if we were alone?' He matched her whispering. 'I might behave rather differently to your warmth and to your closeness.'
		'You think my sister does not know?' She smiled after her whisper.
		'If she does,' he looked round at Sarah for a moment, 'she masks the fact very well.'
		'Enough of this,' she gave up on their conversation. 'Come,' she took his hand, 'I have something to ask of you.'
		When at last all three of them were settled with cups of wine Susanna began her new conversation. 'I have a need to go to London and I cannot go alone. It would please me if you would escort me as close to that city as you dare?'
		'Why London?' He ignored what Sarah had already told him and at the same time he realised that as far as he was aware she had never gone anywhere near London in all the time that he had known her.
		'I have my reasons Ned,' she sighed.
		'Oh for goodness sake my dear sister,' Sarah abandoned her chair, allowed an exasperated gasp of air to escape her lips, grasped the wine jug and began unnecessarily refilling their cups which were already full. 'Tell him the real reason for your expedition.'
		'No!' Susanna cried out as she suddenly realised that Sarah may already have guessed why she was really going to London and was about to announce the fact to Ned.
		'Tell him that you seek a lover or a husband.' Sarah smiled as she put the wine jug back on the table. 'Both would be preferable, but either will do.' she finished triumphantly.
		Susanna put down her wine cup, took Ned by the hand and led him over to the large imposing window at the end of the table. They both watched the sky as the storm clouds changed to heavy rain with the occasional accompanying rumble of thunder. 'Sarah tells the truth, I cannot rattle around here unmarried any longer. Whilst I have treasured the night we had together I am not such a fool as to think there could be a repeat of it. You are far too young for me, and now that I am in my thirties...'
		'…......It matters not.' He almost pleaded his case by interrupting her.
		'Well in my view our age difference is a lifetime Ned and therefore I must seek a husband elsewhere and forever think back with pleasure to what you and I had together.' She let go of his hand and leaving him at the window she swept across the wooden boards to Sarah and kissed her on the cheek.
		'If you are under some illusion that I am going to London for some reason other than to find a husband then please wipe that thought from your mind.'
		'I do not understand what all this intrigue is about.' Sarah was becoming a little annoyed with her sister. 'You are going to London to settle your future and that is all there is to it.' She turned to Ned who appeared to be distancing himself from them. 'Come back here Ned we are having a sisterly argument, nothing more.'
		Ned did as she bade him and thought it rather prudent to change the topic of conversation. 'I had an interesting conversation with James before he left for some place beyond London.'
		'Beyond London?' Susanna raised an eyelid as she offered her cup to her lips.
		'Yes but he would not say exactly where but what he did reveal was that he was involved in some way with a man called Carlisle – Captain Christopher Carlisle.'
		Susanna spluttered on her wine as the name of her lover struck her hard. 'Carlisle?'
		'Yes.' Ned nodded. 'We once thought he was a sinister man who was responsible for leading Rachel to her death but it appears he is a man to be relied upon, and is now helping James shelter Christina, though what his motives are for doing so I cannot imagine.'
		Susanna filled her cup again and ran the tip of her tongue over the spilt wine on the back of her hand, and as she did so something flashed through her mind which Christopher had said to her several times so long ago about a property he owned in Essex.
		'What we do not know,' Ned continued, 'is where this fellow Carlisle lives and how he is helping James.'
		'Please tell us all that you know about this friendship between the two of them.' Susanna found her seat once again and for the moment decided to remain silent about the location of Carlisle's Essex home.

Ned told both of them all he knew and as his tale continued without any hint of boredom for the two women a worrying thought occurred to Susanna. As far as Sarah was concerned the trip to London was to secure her future but it wasn't and that fact was now concerning Susanna. She still loved Christopher Carlisle, she always had, but now she was in a dilemma – how to convince James, Carlisle and Christina that her safety lay in France rather than England. Telling the authorities where Christina was hiding was all very well but by so doing she might well be putting Carlisle's life in danger and perhaps James too. She made up her mind to make her journey to London as planned and perhaps re-think the way she was going to gather evidence, convincing evidence, of the seriousness of Christina's situation. What was clear was that those who meant Christina harm wanted her dead whilst she did not, she simply wanted her out of England where she could do no more harm to what little relationship Sarah and James might have together if they were left alone. Her own love for Sarah and her future with James was obviously important to her but so too was her own love for Carlisle.

The following morning and in heavy rain Susanna said farewell to Sarah, climbed into her carriage, and headed eastwards towards London with Ned on horseback by her side. The long ride to London would give Susanna much valuable time in which to consider how she was going to achieve what she had set out to accomplish for the love of her sister.

That night the welcome smoke and lights of  'The Traitor's Rest' inn filled their eyes and it gave a promise of good food, wine and warmth as well as two comfortable rooms for the weary travellers. Once inside the place Ned was greeted by the landlord who promised him that the best rooms which the inn could offer were ready for his use. Once refreshed, changed and warmed by the log fire Ned joined Susanna at her table and started to share the wine which had been placed on it for their pleasure.

It was inevitable, and both of them knew it without the need for wine which no doubt did help their case, that Susanna and Ned would end the night in bed together, and that is exactly what did happen. Whilst he might have been several years younger than her, or 'a lifetime' as Susanna called it, the blend of her experience and his youth once again erupted to give them a night of passion as strong as it had been the first time he had bedded her. Rather than enter her quickly which he could so easily have done he made a conscious effort to prolong her delight in any way he could and whilst those moments were so ecstatically convulsive to her she almost let out a scream when at last he did enter her and brought her to a very quick summit of satisfaction. Happily, and no doubt because youth was on his side he did the same again twice more before slipping out of her and falling into an exhausted and well-deserved sleep. With eyelids as heavy as Ned's Susanna also fell asleep as the torrential rain continued to strike the glass of the window by their bed. This moment, this night, Susanna would remember all of her remaining life.

The following morning and without the slightest hint of awkwardness between the two of them Susanna and Ned began the last part of their journey eastwards to London and a new life for Susanna. Ned of course could not have entered London safely for although major battles of the civil war had ended at Naseby there was still conflict taking place throughout the country, and in places those conflicts were more vicious than before. In such circumstances a Cavalier in London would have been unheard of. He handed Susanna over to the safe keeping of the trusted carriage-driver who was as neutral as he could be when it came to supporting the king or Parliament.

As requested by Cowpepper in Oxford and his colleague in London some time before, Sarah's home in that city had been ready to receive Susannah or anyone else for that matter just as Sarah had said it would, and as Susanna entered the house and began to wander around the interior she tried to imagine Sarah living there and experiencing all that life had thrown at her for so many years since the war began in 1642. The servants made her very welcome by fussing over her, and as they did their best to make her feel at home she made up her mind that she would leave the place as soon as possible to speak to Eleanor York, George Mortimer and Maria Hanover. But the one person who she wanted to see and be with more than anyone else in the world was Christopher Carlisle. Her long absence from him had torn at her heart more often than she cared to remember.

Once she was out of Sarah's house and out in the stinking lanes of the city she decided to call first on Maria for the simple reason that hers was the only address which Cowpepper's legal man in London had had time to give to her. She knew also that Maria would know the addresses of both Carlisle and Eleanor and so in every respect Maria had to be the one who she called upon first. Maria's house was only a short distance away on the north side of the river just like her own. With the cacophony of the London streets echoing in her ears she allowed her mind to wander to times gone by and she swallowed hard as she recalled the occasion just a few hours ago when she had to finally say farewell to Ned before London came into his view. And as they kissed goodbye in her carriage the difference in their ages suddenly evaporated once again into nothing as just for a moment she started to believe that she could have made a life with him after all – but only if she not been so in love with Christopher Carlisle.

Susanna had no idea what to expect of Maria's house so as she stood by the woman's front door she couldn't make up her mind if she should be disappointed or pleased at the size of the property so she washed the confusion from her mind by banging on the door which resulted in it being opened almost straight away by the young servant girl Margaret.

		'Please tell your Mistress Maria that Susanna Richmond is here to see her?' Susanna suddenly became unsure if she should be using the name Richmond after her mother, or Wessex from her now defunct marriage. On reflection she was pleased that she had used the name Richmond for that name was also Sarah's before her recent marriages.
		'My dear Susanna?' Maria approached her with open arms. 'We are strangers yet we are not. Your name is known to me of course and my sister Rachel was also known to you no matter how unsavoury that might be to you.' She smiled a warm smile.
		Susanna was pleased at the welcome given to her. 'Well I could have used my former name of Wessex but that might have confused matters.' She also smiled and instantly the two smiles made a bond between the two women who after all had no reason not to be friends since there was no history of malice between them. It was Maria who continued their conversation.
		'I was of course a good friend of your sister Sarah.......'
		'…......half sister.' Susanna interrupted her.
		'Yes of course,' Maria nodded, 'I had not forgotten, but the fact is irrelevant since I was Sarah's only friend here in London and I offer you the same friendship including a room in my house for you rest your head should you need it.'

After a short conversation during which Susanna explained that she was living in Sarah's house in London therefore didn't need to accept Maria's offer of an overnight stay with her. They brought each other up to date with what was happening with Christina, Françoise, James and Carlisle and of course the fact that Sarah had given birth. Why Susanna was in London did not come up in their conversation and of course Susanna would not talk of her relationship with Carlisle or anything about Carlisle's house in Essex. Nor could she talk of Françoise' new life because she knew nothing of her smuggling connections or her relationship with Jacob Riley.

The two women ate a good supper of cold meat, cheese and fresh bread before retiring to Maria's garden with some good spiced wine.
		'What do you know of Eleanor York - Lady Eleanor York?' Susanna began to talk of more up-to-date news.
		'I do not like her.' Maria was adamant. 'I did not like her and neither did Françoise or Isobella.'  
		'Isobella?'
		'Christina and Françoise's sister and my cousin. She stayed with me whilst escaping the plague in her home city of Bristol.'
		'I see.' Susanna nodded as she set her eyes on her own lap.
		'Eleanor came here to enquire about Christina - more specifically where she was living.'
		'And you did not tell her?' Susanna set a quizzical look on her face.
		'That she was in Oxford? No.'
		'But she is no longer in that city I understand?' She knew she was right.
		'You are correct of course, in fact I have no idea where she is. I would not be wrong when I admit that her whereabouts seem to be a complete secret.'
		'Why did Eleanor want to know where Christina was or is?' Susanna was having to be careful about what questions she asked Maria since she had rather a sinister mandate for contacting Eleanor.
		'She would not say but we have heard from others that she wants to be rid of Christina without the need  for a divorce.'
		'How?' Susanna made a good pretence of not knowing.
		'Parliament have a document which apparently she gave to them which would have denounced any person who was catholic and French. It was known or suggested that the king's supporters were raising a French catholic army to fight on his side. Christina's nationality and religious calling implicate her as being a possible enemy of Parliament.'
		'I see.' Susanna tried to appear interested.
		'She has nothing to do with a French plot of course but Parliament have shown some mild interest in the idea that she is.'
		'And they have done nothing about arresting her?' Susanna was living in hope that they had.
		'They cannot find her just like we cannot find her so the idea of arresting her has faded with Parliament having so many other things on its agenda.'
		'Then Christina is in a fortunate position I would suggest?' Susanna chewed her bottom lip.
		'Fortunate indeed because were Parliament to do as Eleanor desired Christian would be tried for treason.'
		'Which would mean her death.' It was a statement rather than a question. 'And her lands and estates in France would be sequestrated and given to Harry.'
		'And Eleanor would have won.' Maria concluded. 
		“And so too would Sarah” Susanna silently mouthed to herself without allowing Maria to see her lips. And now at last she understood why Eleanor wanted Christina arrested rather than just out of the way in France. It was not going to be an easy task, she told herself, to persuade Eleanor that there was no need to go as far as to seek Christina's arrest and death. 'Where can I find Eleanor?' She concentrated on their conversation once again.
		'Well not so long ago I would have had to say I have no idea but we have a friend who did know and how he knew I have no idea. He clearly has some influence in places where I have none.' She smiled.
		'Would I know this friend of yours?' She was disinterested but tried to appear the opposite.
		'Carlisle – Captain Christopher Carlisle. Do you know him?'
		'I have a vague recollection of the man yes.' She lied convincingly, as she tried to make sense of this new revelation about the man who was once her lover and would still be so if the choice were hers.
		'Westgate House.' Maria answered her earlier question. 'You asked where Eleanor could be found - her house is not far from here.'
		'You must give me directions.'
		'You are going to see the woman?'
		'Yes I am.'
		'But why?'
		'To put an end, if I can, to her plans for Christina's downfall.' Susanna lied.
		'Well, ' Maria sighed, 'I wish you good fortune in your quest for she is not a pleasant woman.' She straightened her gown over her knees. 'And now let us talk of other matters.' She watched Susanna nod but wasn't entirely convinced that she had her attention. 'You shall be the first to know my news.'
		'Which is?'
		'I am to be married.' She smiled a happy smile.
		'I am delighted for you.' A genuine smile washed across Susanna's face. 'For it is time we had some good news with this conflict spreading like a plague across the country.'
		'The marriage is next week. You will come of course?'
		'I will.' Susanna played with dates and times in her head as she considered what she had to do next in her plan to remove Christina from James – exiled in France rather than  arrested and executed. 'And who is the lucky man?'
		'Sir Arthur Coyle, he is much older than I but that does not matter.'
		'Clearly not,' Susanna gave her another genuine smile.
		'He has been good to me and he is always in London to carry out his duties as a Member of the Parliament.'
		'A safe and secure marriage then?' Susanna still had the smile on her face as she took another cup of wine and offered it to her lips.

The following morning and after a good breakfast at her own house Susanna finally found Westgate House and the home, according to Maria, of Eleanor York. Susanna inhaled a lungful of air as she fought for some inner strength and hammered on Eleanor's door. A very young spotty girl answered the door and opened it just wide enough to peer out of it.
		'Susanna Wessex to see Lady Eleanor if you would be good enough to announce me? Your mistress may know me as Susanna Richmond.' She watched the girl close the door and presumably to go and find Eleanor. A moment later the door was opened wide enough for Susanna to enter which she did.
		'Please follow me.' The young girl instructed after she had slammed and bolted the door behind them both and then made her way into what must have been a library judging by the number of books on the many shelves.
		'You are welcome,' a voice called out from in front of a roaring fire of spitting logs. 'Please accept my apologise for the bolted door. I leave no chance for Parliament to force their way into my house and billet the many homeless soldiers who roam the streets.'
		'I perfectly understand but forgive me for not being use to such annoyances for I am new to London and therefore unfamiliar with its ways.'
		'Well,' Eleanor threw her a smile, 'it takes some getting use to I can tell you. The city is short of coal, food and water and the streets stink. Each and every time I leave the house I have to avoid beggars and people with any number of diseases and illnesses which no doubt will be the death of them.'
		'I had not realised just how protected we are from all of this out in the country.'
		Eleanor coughed and put her hand over her mouth. 'Susanna you have not come here today to talk pleasantries,' she heard a crash somewhere towards the back of the house. 'That will be our wine all over the floor – more will be coming soon.'
		'You Talk of that as if it is a common occurrence?' Susanna creased her brow as she cast her attention in the direction of the noise.
		'Unfortunately it is. Lucy however has many virtues so I can forgive the odd spillage or two.'
		'To continue our conversation,' Susanna put an end to their talk of poor Lucy, 'no I have not come to talk pleasantries.'
		'Then you and I will be plain with each other and you must come to the point of your visit once we have our wine for comfort.'
		Susanna watched Lucy struggle in with two full wine cups - full to the extent that the crimson liquid was spilling over the rims and running down her hands. The chaotic way in which she carried the wine led Susanna to understand how clumsy she was. She was less clumsy however when finally she handed the cups to both women.
		'And now, my dear Susanna,' Eleanor offered her wine to her own lips, 'let us come to the point shall we?'
		'Indeed we shall.' Susanna breathed in a lungful of air. 'You and I, unless I am very much mistaken, have a common cause which is in the form of Christina Norfolk?'
		'I am intrigued,' Eleanor nodded. 'Go on?'
		'You want Christina arrested and I want her out of James Sutton's life.'
		'James Sutton? Please explain yourself for clearly there is much that I do not know about the people in her life?'

The next few minutes were taken up with Susanna telling the story of Rachel and Sarah, some of which she may have known but much that she could not have known. At all times she was steadfast in her determination not to mention her liaisons with Ned Carter or Christopher Carlisle. She was also determined not to mention that she actually knew where Carlisle and Christina were living for she did not trust Eleanor.

		'I see.' Eleanor nodded and stared at the floor when Susanna finished her tale. 'Much of it now makes sense. So you want Christina out of the way so that James will return to your sister....'
		'….half-sister.' Susanna corrected her.
		'Half-sister.' Eleanor accepted the mistake. 'It makes little difference.'
		'And you want Christina arrested and executed for High Treason so that Harry will be free to marry you with all of Christina's lands and estates?'
		'Agreed?' Eleanor drank some more wine as she nodded again, an act which Susanna was beginning to find rather annoying.
		'You have a document which you stole from Carlisle?' Susanna waited for a response which was not forthcoming. 'No doubt you do not agree with that accusation yet it matters not because I know you have the document, There is however one over-riding fact that you have failed to mention – Parliament are not in the least bit interested in what you and Harry and I can prove and desire because you are talking to the wrong people. Parliament are more interested in the issue of finding four hundred thousand pounds to pay to the Scottish Commissioners to remove the Scottish army from England - your little problem is as nothing compared to theirs and probably never will be so your plan will not work.'
		'You may be right,' Eleanor agreed, 'but we will overcome that problem eventually.' She sighed. 'There is one vital piece of information missing in all of this?' Eleanor drank more of her wine as she neither agreed nor disagreed with Susanna's simplistic explanation of their situation.
		'Ah!' Susanna smiled a triumphant smile. 'The whereabouts of Christina?'
		'A rather significant point.'
		'Well,' Susanna took in a lungful of air as the whole point of her argument had reached fruition. 'Well you shall not know it – at least not from my lips
		Eleanor swallowed another mouthful of wine and glared at Susanna for she had convinced herself that her visitor was sure to tell her where Christina was hiding in exchange for something as yet unknown but now irrelevant. 'Please explain yourself for I am confused over your intentions? I was of a mind to think that you and I wanted the same outcome for Cristina. Clearly we do not?'
		'You want her arrested and dead. I just want her out of the country and back in France for the rest of her life.'
		'And how can I aid you in your quest?' Eleanor was growing tired of their conversation for she could see that it was not going in her favour. 'And what gain will I have from her going to France?'
		'She will be out of your life and Harry should be able to have their marriage annulled because she will refuse to come back to England and would remain an enemy of Parliament.'
		'Hmmm.' Eleanor sipped her wine. 'It may work.'
		'Well it is the best I can offer you for make no mistake I will not tell you where she is hiding.' Susanna was adamant.
		'You plan to simply tell her she has to go to France? You are more of a fool than I thought you were if you think she will believe that.'
		'No.' Susanna chewed her bottom lip as she tried to remain calm and forced herself to refrain from hitting her adversary across the face. 'I want a letter written by you telling Christina that her only hope for survival is to flee to France and I will give that document to her myself.'
		'Is that all?'
		'And you will swear that you will not implicate Carlisle in any of this when he returns to London?' Susanna threw her head to one side.
		'Why?'
		'It matters not to you but matters greatly to me. Let us leave it at that.'
		'I do swear if it so pleases you.' She gave her assurance and oddly Susanna believed her although she was wrong to do so as events would prove.

And so Susanna left her adversaries' house with the signed and sealed document which Eleanor had written for her – a document which warned Christina to go back to France or at the very least to leave England. A most peculiar thing had occurred as Eleanor handed her the letter or rather hesitated because she seemed to want to hang on to it. The why of why Eleanor should be so reluctant to give her the document was beyond Susanna's comprehension for quite clearly there had been a look of anguish on Eleanor's face when at last she did release the letter.

Not many moments after Susanna had left Eleanor began to panic over what she had done and this was a continuation of the concern which she had moments before she gave Susanna her letter. The enormity of what Eleanor had done now engulfed her for she had provided the very weapon which would send Christina back to France – and safely out of the reach of her enemies. With Christina back in France Parliament - even supposing they found time to do so - could not arrest the  woman unless she returned to England. In such circumstances Eleanor and her lover would be faced with an uphill task to get Parliament to annul the marriage let alone sequestration of all Christina's properties and hand them over to Harry. Having provided Susanna with her letter Eleanor had made matters worse for herself. 
Eleanor slipped on some warm clothing and left her house so that she could clear her mind over what her plans should now consist of. Finding paid mercenaries to put an end to Christina's life was the ideal solution yet it was far from certain that such men would be found. With such uncertainty filling her thoughts she realised that she needed another plan to dispose of her lover's wife – in England or France. As various ideas rattled around in her head her thoughts were interrupted when she found lying in the mud of the filthy street a pamphlet. She picked up the document and carefully read it. The subject of the pamphlet was criticism of a well known Royalist sympathiser who was known to have escaped across the channel and should, therefore, be brought to justice, or killed. Clearly the pamphlet was directed at anyone who might be glad to carry out such a heinous act for a good reward. The last line of the pamphlet named the persons who had requesting the printing of it and finally the name of the printers. As the seeds of an idea began to germinate in her mind Eleanor's attention moved away from the grubby, wet paper in her hand and set instead on a sign just ahead of her which was the premises of the very printers who had produced the pamphlet which had given her such a splendid solution to the problem of the absent Christina.

During Christmastide and into a very cold 1647 Eleanor made every effort to find a person whom she could trust to provide her with the names of mercenaries who could be sent to arrest Christina. Her efforts dragged on into January of the new year and still she could not find anyone to help her. She was utterly alone in her quest because Harry was still away from London and involved in removing the Scottish army from England and arresting King Charles. Her hopes, however, lingered on for longer than she could have imagined for when the king was arrested in January Harry still did not return to London so she had to content herself with occupying her mind on other matters whilst she waited for some military aid to come her way. When it chose to do so Parliament was woefully slow at doing anything to help her and so her original idea of hiring trusted mercenaries returned to her thoughts - so too did her second idea which she had devised after reading the pamphlet back in December.

Far away to the east in Essex Christina and Carlisle lived an anxious life together waiting for the political situation in London to improve in her favour or deteriorate to their disadvantage before their next move could be made. James came and went just like he had the previous year which was a wrench for Christina who was now hopelessly in love with him. Françoise was also hopelessly in love with her Jacob and as the months came and went she matured in a quite remarkable way both as a lover to Jacob and a leader of men when it came to their smuggling activities. She had up to now not fallen pregnant again despite Jacob taking her to his bed as often as he could yet every month without fail she bled again and this worried her a little, but she was as yet still young and there would be time enough for children in the years to come.

All over the winter of early 1647 Susanna remained in London for the weather was against her plan to make a journey into Essex. This delay did not unduly worry her, and there were two reasons for that – firstly she knew from her friends and acquaintances that Eleanor was still in London – and secondly Susanna had work to do with Parliament. In in the event of Eleanor going back on her word to her, Susanna was preoccupied with making sure that the one document which would aid Eleanor's cause should be found in the hidden depths of Parliamentarian documents and placed safely out of reach of all of Christina's enemies, and to this end Colonel Mortimer was happy to provide the assistance which would prove to be successful.
 



25 THE LONDON PLAGUE
 SPRING 1647

The spring  of 1647 dawned with an awful but probably not unexpected event – there was rumour that someone north of the Thames had died of a disease which was strongly suspected to be the plague. This was not surprising given that plague had been rife in both Bristol and Oxford so the dirty overcrowded streets of London alive with rats and sewage could hardly have been spared a similar fate.

Without hard evidence that plague had arrived the occupants of London continued as best they could with what they considered to be a normal life, and this included Maria and her new husband Sir Arthur Coyle whose marriage appeared in every respect to be idyllic.

With the longer days of spring having arrived and an unusually warm period of weather enveloping the whole country James made one of his many journeys to Sutton Manor. When he arrived he found that his mother was not at all well and despite a physician being called from Oxford no reason except for her age could be found to explain her demise. It was whilst James was home that he decided to visit Sarah again as a relief from the worry of his mother's illness.

James strolled over to Warrick House, or at least he had planned it to be a stroll but in reality he found himself almost running at one stage and whilst he wasn't sure why that was he could guess.
 - and he didn't like what he had guessed. Guilt washed over him as Sarah’s front entrance came into sight and Christina drained from his thoughts. The door to the house opened before he had reached it.
		Sarah looked beautiful in a royal blue gown with her hair loose as always. 'James?' She stared at him, her eyes and her lips smiling at him.
		'Is the baby asleep?' Was all that James could find as a greeting as he took her left hand in his right hand and kissed it rather longer than he should.
		'Cathryn is asleep yes,' she reluctantly took her hand away from his but not before she gave his own a gentle squeeze. 'She is growing up and sleeps often.' She smiled as she watched an expression on his face telling its tale of disinterest over talk of babies.
		'Forgive me,' he mumbled, 'I did not come to enquire about the welfare of babies.'
		'I should hope not,' she reached up and put her arms around his neck before her hot lips reached his right ear. 'I hope you came to make love to me again?' She kissed his ear before standing back from him, taking his hand in hers and leading him through the house and out into the warmth of the garden at the back of the house.
		'I would not be so bold as to assume that you desired that each time I call upon you.' He put his arm around her waist and pulled her close to him and found the delightful perfume of her hair.
		'I do desire it,' Her breasts were crushed against the openness of his linen shirt. 'What else have I got to look forward too? You come to me so infrequently these days so when you do I need to make the most of you.'

When at last they had eaten and consumed a good wine James found himself leading her up to where he knew her chamber to be. Behind her closed door he slipped the gown off her shoulders after first loosening the back of it and exposing her nakedness right down to her waist. His lips met hers and his eyes found that her breasts were ready for him.

The way he made love to Sarah that night rather surprised her because he was so gentle with her and he even managed to hold back his desire to enter her until he felt she was ready for him  and he timed it better than she had ever remembered him doing so before.

When they were both recovering from their climatic exertions having fallen back onto her bed they each examined the other and found that time had taken its' toll on them both yet it didn't seem to matter. They had both gone through difficult times and the years had flown by since they were parted almost by force in 1642. Changes to their physical appearance had crept slowly over them both and they manifested themselves in faint signs of grey hair and creases across what had been good complexions, yet none of this bothered either of them. The actions which had taken place in Sarah's garden and in her chamber were almost an exact copy of what would happen between her half-sister Susanna and Carlisle back in London a few weeks later.

In early April, and on an unusually warm day which was welcome after such a harsh winter, Susanna decided to leave her house and walk the streets of London. She did this by way of a change and she made quite certain that she only walked on the streets which were known to her. She did not dare to go down narrow alleyways or down streets which she didn't know for that would have invited trouble from beggars – sick or otherwise – and other strangers who would not care if they did her some harm or not. She deliberately chose to cross London Bridge to the south of the city, not because she knew that Carlisle had a house there but because the streets were a little cleaner than those on the north side of the river.

Despite not thinking of Carlisle and his house she was nevertheless rather surprised when she rounded a corner and crashed into him.
		'Susanna?' Carlisle caught her by the arm and so prevented her from falling into a rather disgusting muddy puddle just as he had done to her sister some years before. Her eyes fixed on his and suddenly her dormant love for him took over her emotions and it was as if the abyss which had opened between them over the years had closed. An abyss which had grown during all the months of their absenteeism from each other since 1645. 
		'Christopher?' She let the word out and stood there with her mouth open. 'I had not thought to see you in this city?'
		'Why not?' he cocked his head to one side. 'It is after all my city. Or is it because you expected me to be elsewhere?' His mind became defensive as he thought of Rochford House and the fact that he may have once told her about the place.
		'Not at all,' she smiled at the expression on his face. 'There is no reason at all why you should not be in London.'
		'More to the point,' he took her hand in his and kissed it longer than he should which was what he always did. 'Why are you in this city when I have only known you to be at Warrick House or in Oxford?'
		'I needed somewhere new. I lost my husband and I lost you. I could not rattle around Warrick House any longer so I came here to see Maria, she was always good to my sister Sarah.'
		'Well let us not loiter about these streets any longer when we are so close to my house where we will find good food and equally good wine.'

With nothing to persuade her to do anything to the contrary Susanna obeyed Carlisle and walked with him to his house. She was not fool enough to think that the two of them were going there just to eat and drink and that thought made her smile. Her love-making the previous year with Ned had been exciting and enjoyable but it was never going to be a lasting relationship because Ned was so much younger than her and in a way perhaps that fact contributed to the enjoyment of her time with him. Susanna was, and always had been, in love with Carlisle even during the dark times when his liaison with Rachel Hanover was at its most intense and he was suspected of murder.

Once they were in his house the promised food and drink appeared not in the great hall but on a table in a very pleasant garden at the back of his house. They both picked at the food and washed it down with great quantities of wine whilst talking about nothing substantial at all. She deliberately avoided any talk of Christina and any talk of her own visit to Eleanor York. They talked of Sarah and her daughter and of her own illness which happily she was now fully recovered from or at least it appeared so. As the April sun sank behind the London skyline and the garden began to grow cold Carlisle lead Susanna back into his house and up a long staircase which she correctly guessed led to his chamber.

As soon as they were in his room and with the encouragement of more wine he almost tore her crimson gown from her shoulders before sinking his hot mouth onto the peaks of her breasts which were erect with anticipation and as perfect as he had always remembered them to be. 

She had no idea why but this new act of love-making was more enjoyable than she had remembered it to be when the two of them had made love to each other so many years before.  Carlisle was more gentle with her this time and perhaps that was due to him being in his own house and certainly not in any hurry save for the anticipation of their love-making. This was an act of love which was quite different from most other times when he had bedded her and the occasion brought tears to her eyes.

Lying in each other's arms exhausted they talked of their time apart from each other and inevitably the subject of Christina fell from his lips. Although Susanna was careful not to divulge too much to him about how much she already knew of Christina's predicament her silent questions were answered voluntarily by her lover about his plans for Christina's possible escape to France.
		'And where is she? Where are you hiding her?' She prompted him without showing too much enthusiasm.
		'Better that you do not know.' He watched her eyes fix on his as she turned her head towards him in a silent plea for more news. 'Your safety lies in your innocence, or rather your ignorance of not knowing.' He set his eyes on the ceiling and away from her pleading gaze which could so easily have got the better of him.
		'You do not trust me?' She creased her forehead through disappointment. 'After all that you and I have been through together you cannot bring yourself to trust me?'
		'I have a house in Essex,' he gave in to her. 'You knew that when first I told you all those years ago when first we began our relationship.'
		'Your father's house?' She recalled as she brushed the cobwebs from her mind.
		'Until his death when it became mine.'
		'Rochford House near Wakering.' Her mind was suddenly clear of all confusion.
		'The same.' He fixed his eyes on hers again. 'And if this information should escape from your lips you will place me in danger and all those who are involved in my plans.;
		She nodded a smile and was never more grateful for him allowing her to know such a secret. It proved that he trusted her and it proved too that he still loved her – perhaps more so than he had ever done. 
-----
It was June when the devastating news hit Maria's house that she probably had the plague after she had made an ill-advised short visit to the north of London to see a sick friend. With the first signs of tumours in her armpits, on her neck and in her groin after just two days of sickness she knew that she would in all probability die since there was no known cure for it. With the seriousness of her illness in mind she summoned Susanna to her bedside – or as close as she would allow Susanna to be to her. Susanna had received a note at her own house from Maria explaining that she had something to reveal to her which was so important that with the plague upon her she must reveal it to someone whom she could trust. With advice about visiting a person who had the plague being contradictory – some said it was good to visit whilst others said it should not be even considered, Susanna ignored both arguments and made her visit for she had no intention of not visiting a sick woman who clearly had something to tell her of the utmost importance.

		'How is your mistress?' Susanna enquired of Margaret the servant girl when the door to Maria's house was opened to her arrival. Margaret looked ill herself with dark hollow eyes so prominent..
		'Not well my Lady.'
		'Does she allow you to get close to her?' Susanna pushed past the girl and waited for the door to be closed behind her.
		'No, she has banished me from her bedside.' Margaret seemed genuinely upset as she threw the bolts across the door.
		'Well that is quite wrong of her for there is no evidence that the plague can be passed on by being close to someone. And it can even be good for the patient.' Susanna watched the terrified look wash across the face of the girl. 'Come, show me to your mistress.' She finished as she made her own way to the long staircase. A moment later she had entered Maria's chamber even before Margaret had caught up with her.
		'How long have you been sick?' Susanna asked the obvious question of her friend when at last she got close to her bedside.
		'Two days.'
		'Where is your new husband?'
		'Meeting a man who worked with Cowpepper dealing with the legal aspects of my impending death.'
		Susanna walked away from the bed and over towards the window so she could gather her thoughts.
		'Should he not be here with you?'
		'I do not want him to see me like this I would rather he did what he had to do.'
		'Your cousin Isobella then? I heard she was here with you? You must not be alone.'
		'Isobella has returned home. Bristol has been free of the plague for some time.'
		'You cannot die!' She walked back to the bed and took Maria's hand in hers.
		'I can and I will. I am not afraid.'
		'You have the tumours?'
		'Yes,' she managed a weak nod of her head. 'Which is why I have called you here to pass on some information to you. You are the only one I can trust and who might know what my information means. And I will be dead within days.' She gave in to what she considered was the inevitable.
		'You may not be.' Susanna struggled to give some comfort. 'I have heard stories of those who have survived.'
		'It is unlikely so I cannot take a chance on such a miracle opening its wings to me.' She wiped away a tear from her left eye. 'Enough of this.' She prepared to change the subject. 'You remember the story of Rachel?'
		'Your sister?'
		'Well half-sister to be precise after the revelations at her execution. And God knows what relationship she was to you.'
		'Go on?' Susanna could not think of any other revelation that the dead Rachel could inflict upon her family.
		'And no doubt you heard of her liaison with Christina's husband Harry?'
		'I should think half of England have heard the story.' she stared at Maria and saw how ill she was. 'What of it?'
		'And Rachel did not immediately return to England after her affair?'
		'Apparently not.' Susanna was becoming frustrated at the delay to the point of Maria's story,
		'And I have never known why she remained in France like she did at some unknown place for she always refused to tell me.' She watched a flash of interest wash across Susanna's face. 'The other day I received this,' Maria handed her a piece of poor quality parchment, 'It has only just found its way to me from the prison where Rachel spent her last days. The delay is not too surprising I suppose given the chaos and turmoil that there must have been in Oxford around the time of her death.'
		'I see.' Susanna took the document from her and opened it.
		'This is all that I have ever received from her. News of her trial and execution reached me from Master Cowpepper.' Maria explained as she watched Susanna's eyes scan the words on the document.

I am to die this morning. The guards have allowed me this parchment and a little ink. I trust in God that you will get this.
It is my secret and all is explained in my journal save for this address,

The Convent of the Filled Dieu. Paris

I beg you to bring her home. God bless you.

		'But this is just a few words and an address?' Susanna almost let the parchment fall from her hands and swallowed hard, 'An address in Paris?'
		'Yes.' Maria allowed a tired nod. 'And I know not what it means for it was Rachel's secret not mine and I have  no idea if the address means anything to anyone else.'
		'An address of a convent in Paris?' Susanna searched her mind unsuccessfully for what it might mean.
		'And what does she mean when she talks of a “journal”?' The sick woman looked into Susanna's eyes. 'Have you seen this journal?'
		'No, but then why would I? I have lived mostly in Warrick House and have never been to your house in Oxford which is where I assume the journal lies.'
		'Well no matter,' Maria began to grow tired,' I have already written to Master Cowpepper and his agent in London to scour our house in Oxford.'
		'And if this journal is found.......' Her question remained unfinished.
		'…...After my death you mean?' Maria knew she was right. 'Then I have asked Cowpepper to pass the journal on to those who might make fair use of it and perhaps will know what the meaning of this address in Paris means.'
		'Well you can do no more than that.' Susanna was acutely aware that Maria might already have carried out her final duty.
		'It might mean something to you one day,' Maria continued to deteriorate, 'and so I could not let the information die with me. Take the parchment and show it to my cousins.' She finished.
		'I will.' Susanna swallowed hard as she found the utmost difficulty in being the last person to see Maria alive.
		'And one thing more,' Maria coughed a weak cough before uttering what would be her final words. 'Please do tell my cousins that Isobella is safe in Bristol – the fact may be of use to Christina one day should she ever need sanctuary.'

It was probably a combination of learning that Maria had the plague and Rachel had kept secret an address in Paris that made Susanna excuse herself from Maria's bedside before fleeing down the stairs and opening a window in the entrance hall as Margaret stared at her in some kind of shock. Susanna vomited as close to the window as she could and then hung onto the windowsill for support as she recovered from the incident.
		'Are you all right my Lady?' Margaret did her duty by asking her question.
		'Yes thank you Margaret. Would you please fetch me a pitcher and a cup of wine? The pitcher in case I am not done with vomiting and the wine to wash away the taste.'
		'Straight away my lady.' Margaret gave her promise before disappearing to the back of the house.

Susanna recovered so quickly that she was sure she would not need the pitcher but she would certainly need the wine. The stink from the street was not why Susanna had opened the window, it was to relieve herself without making a mess of the oak flooring and staircase. A few moments later and after washing down the bile in her throat with a good few mouthfuls of the wine  she had recovered sufficiently to return to Maria's bedside in time to watch her die.

		With her eyelids closing for the last time over blue eyes, Maria at just twenty seven years of age and showing clumps of grey in her otherwise dark hair, and her once soft complexion no longer soft at all, died on the tenth day of June. She became just another plague statistic - one of more than three thousand victims of the disease in London that year She died in good spirits knowing that she had done nothing in her life which she regretted, knowing she had not died before Rachel, knowing she had left her estates to a good and loving husband and finally knowing she had left what appeared to be a huge secret in the very capable hands of Susanna. The only possible regret in her life was when, in good faith, she gave Sarah the knife which Rachel had once given to her, and it was that knife which condemned Rachel to death. With no knowledge to the contrary Susanna assumed that one line of the Hanover family had now come to an end.

As she struggled back to her own house with tears in her eyes, Susanna was able to make an important decision about the future of Christina and Eleanor but most important of all herself. And what she had decided to do depended on finding Sir George Mortimer and obtaining a letter written in his own hand warning Christina that he had been charged with riding to Essex and arresting her so giving her fair warning to escape back to France where she would be safe. 

The parts of her new plan began to fall into place the moment she entered her own house and her housemaid handed her a note written by Colonel Mortimer. A few minutes later she arrived at his house as he had indicated in his note – a house which was further to the west of her own but still in the city. Another few moments later she was inside his home which was more sumptuous than any London house which she had been in.
		'My Dear Sir George?' She offered her right hand to him which he gladly took and kissed. 'You have no idea how pleased I am to see you for there is none other whom I can trust.'
		'Well I am delighted you came to me and although you gave no details I understand from your note that there is something which you must do and it involves Sarah who I always had some affection for.'
		'And you have been so instrumental in her life during the earlier war years and I know that she was always grateful for that.'
		'I am glad to have been of service.' He gave her a short bow which was accompanied by a warm smile. 'My mind is not what it is these days,' he admitted, 'but as I recall you and I have never met before although you were in Warrick House I think when I gave Sarah the news of her father's death when she was staying at Sutton manor?'
		'That is true Sir, we have been close to each other in distance but we did not meet so I am glad that you agreed to this audience today.' She watched him smile a nod. 'It is important that I make you aware of the fact that Sarah has no knowledge of this visit even though the task which I must perform is directed at her happiness.'
		'I see,' George offered her a chair as he took one for himself. 'Perhaps you can start by telling me the whole story?'
		And Susanna did exactly as he suggested which took some considerable time after which she added the sad fact of Maria's demise.
		'It falls hard on me Sir George,' she took the parchment from his hand, 'to tell you that Rachel Hanover's sister Maria died about an hour ago – she was just twenty seven years of age.'
		'Died?' He looked quite shocked. 'Of what?'
		'The plague.'
		'I heard rumours of her illness of course but did not want to believe that they were true.'
		'Well they are – they were, which is why once I am done with your splendid hospitality I must get out of London.'
		'And you are taking my letter to Christina?'
		'Yes.'
		'Where ever she might be?'
		'You know I cannot tell you where that is Sir?' She said almost as an apology.
		'I know that.' He smiled.
		'You see it cannot be known by anyone where I am going for Christina has a great enemy whom I cannot trust.' The look on his face told her to continue.

		Susanna explained all that she knew about Eleanor and the fact that she did not and could never trust her.

		'And so I must carry out my duty to Sarah by using the document which you have kindly composed for me. I will deliver it to Christina in the hope that she will go to France and so leave James free to return to my sister which is where he belongs.'
		'Then so be it.' The elderly Colonel finished their conversation and Susanna was never more pleased about it.    

Susanna lost no time in putting her plans into action having decided, just as she had explained to Sir George, that after Maria's death there was no way that she could stay in London. And she could not yet return to Warrick House without knowing that her tasks had been completed, or would be completed.

With one more duty ahead of her Susanna made her way to Eleanor's house where she was allowed in as soon as her hand had finished knocking on her enemy's door.

		'I shall be plain with you Eleanor,' Susanna began as soon as she came face to face with her in the hallway. 'You and I have a mutual desire for satisfaction in the case of Christina Norfolk?'
		'Norfolk? Is she still using that name?'
		'She prefers Hanover, but it matters not.'
		'Go on?' Eleanor strode into her library where she thrust a cup of wine into Susanna's hand whom she knew would have followed close behind.
		'You and I have a common goal when it comes to Christina. As we agreed some weeks ago my task is to ensure that she escapes to France.'
		'That is true,' Eleanor took a large mouthful of her wine, 'So what has changed? You had my word on it so why are you here?'
		'Because,' Susanna inhaled a large breath of air for courage, 'I do not trust you so I am here today to make clear to you what will happen.'
		'Enough of this!' Eleanor drained her wine cup and slammed it down on the table. 'We are certainly not friends but we had an agreement which I will not go back on.' She lied.
		Susanna revealed the note which Sir George Mortimer had given to her. 'On this parchment,' she explained as she watched Eleanor suddenly become alert. 'is a warning that Christina must leave England.' She did not allow Eleanor to read the document, 'This letter and your own which I still have will push Christina back to France.'
		'You still have my letter to her?'
		'I do. And it is quite safe where you cannot get your hands on it.' She had the measure of Eleanor.
		'You have not handed it to her yet?' Eleanor grasped at some faint hope that she might retrieve it.
		'I have not yet left London. I am surprised that your spies have not informed you of that fact.'
		'Enough of this!' Eleanor gave up imagining that she might get her hands on the letter. 'You seem quite certain that Christina will go to France?'
		'I think she will for she would be a fool not to. My concern is that you will go back on your word, enlist the services of paid mercenaries and follow me to where Christina is hiding and have your men arrest her.'
		'You think I can afford to pay such men?' Eleanor raised an eyebrow as she stared at Susanna and realised that the woman had the measure of her for that was exactly what she was planning on doing. The letter which she had previously given to Susanna to warn Christina to leave England was simply a delaying tactic to keep Susanna quiet whilst Eleanor and her men followed her.
		'I think you are well provided for by Harry in so many ways.' Susanna spoke harshly.
		'I will ignore that remark!' Eleanor grew tired of their conversation.' 
		'Well,' Susanna decided to attack her enemy one final time, 'your letter should go some way to ensuring that Christina escapes your clutches in England.'
		'I would not be quite so certain of that.'
		'How so? She will be safe in France.'
		'There are ways of carrying my threats to her across the channel. I will say no more.' She smiled a triumphant smile.
		'One more thing,' Susanna was also growing tired of their conversation and had not the faintest idea what Eleanor might have meant about Christina not quite escaping any fate that Eleanor might have arranged for her. 'If you imagine for one moment that you can deceive me and fall back on the one document which you and Harry can use to implicate Christina then think again for I have friends who have seen to it that the document will no longer be available for your use.'
		'Come,' Eleanor threw back a smile as she chose to ignore Susanna's quip.' She took Susanna's cup and refilled it. 'Let us drink to success.' She drank a mouthful of her wine and the conversation and promises ended with Eleanor having lied again and Susanna knowing she had.
		'If you have lied,' Susanna felt a final warning was in order, 'I will make sure that all of your friends, society in general, and all those others who matter to you, are made aware of the fact that you are not to be trusted - that you are a turncoat, and that goes for Harry's friends as well.' She drained the rest of her wine from her cup.
		'I see.' Eleanor stared at Susanna and at last realised that she had an enemy with a resolve which was equal to her own. She watched her adversary crash her empty cup on the table before turning to leave her house forever.

Susanna was never more grateful to step out onto the stinking overcrowded, rat infested  streets of London than she was when she abandoned Eleanor's house. A few minutes later she was back at her own house making preparations to leave a city which had nothing pleasant to offer her. And as she ate her meal that night she was happy with what she had achieved.

Eleanor was also pleased with the day;s events for she knew for certain that her hastily written letter had still not reached the hand of Christina and so she was still in England, and in danger.






























26. FAREWELL TO LONDON
JUNE 1647

On the 14th June Susanna, with only the luggage which she wanted to take with her to Rochford House, climbed into her carriage and the two drivers turned the vehicle onto the road which lead eastwards out of the city. Susanna didn't look back to see if she was being followed because she firmly believed that she was even though Christina's enemies might not come into view behind her until she was well into Essex. It wasn't an easy journey extricating themselves from London for the narrow streets were crowded with others who had decided to leave the city until the plague was over. She didn't travel alone for sitting opposite her in the carriage was Maria's former husband Sir Arthur Coyle who she was glad to refer to as just Arthur.

Susanna had been hard pressed to find a soldier who would accompany her on the road to Essex for she rightly felt that it was too dangerous to make the journey alone with just two drivers who were strangers to her. Arthur had been delighted to accompany her when she asked him the day before her journey and his reasons were twofold – he wanted to escape the unhealthy atmosphere of London and he also wanted to have a change of scenery from the one where his wife had died. Susanna actually got the impression that he had been waiting for an excuse to get away from London, whether that was true or not she had been delighted when he accepted because time was not on her side and she was exhausting all of her options.

She had considered asking Ned but as he lived in Oxford it would have taken some considerable time to get word to him and in any case she didn't want a situation where Ned and Carlisle – her two lovers – came face to face with each other. Another option would have been James but she hardly felt right asking him when she was instrumental in a plan to get the woman that he loved banished to France. Arthur was the ideal man and she was glad that he was sitting opposite her in her carriage with his horse tethered at the rear of the carriage so that he could go his own way once he was sure that Susanna had completed her journey safely.

The distance to Rochford House was about forty five miles so a stop for the night was probably going to be needed and where that would be Susanna left to her two drivers and Arthur.

When they had left the skyline of London behind Susanna made up her mind that it was time she gave Arthur the courtesy of an explanation for her exit from London. It was the least she could do, she did, however, decide to say nothing to him about the document which she carried with the Paris address on it for it would have meant nothing to him.
		'Dear Arthur,' she leant forward and took a hand in hers - she would have taken both but by now the road that they were on was becoming so rough that at least one hand on each of them was needed to hold steady in the carriage. 'I feel I owe you an explanation for asking you to accompany me on this journey,' And so she told him the whole story from Rachel's time in Oxford to the present day, some of which he knew already since Rachel had been his late wife's half-sister. She couldn't of course tell him that she wanted Christina arrested so that James could be happy with Sarah for Christina was guilty of nothing. The excuse she gave to Arthur for her abandonment of London was that she wanted to get out of London and see James once again and also her one-time friend Françoise.
		'That is all perfectly understandable and I applaud your efforts in trying to ensure that Christina sails away to the safety of France.' Arthur nodded before listening to a warning from her.
		'One thing more,' she looked at the floor. 'I have enemies and some of those enemies may follow us and thwart our plans.' She made sure that she had his attention. 'All I ask is that you tell me if you see anyone following us.'
		'I will.' He allowed her warning to sink in. 'And I am grateful for you sharing your story and plans with me. I know that Maria would be delighted to know that you have involved me in what you feel you must do.' He smiled. 'I am not unfamiliar with Essex myself and since we need to rest tonight before we reach your destination I can propose an inn which I knew many years ago so I trust that you will accept an inn of my choosing?'
		'I will and already I feel safer.' She smiled back him whilst still holding on to his hand.

She was not to know that the inn in question was the 'The Outlook' – the very place where Christina's adventures began so long ago. 

A further hour passed before the carriage stopped at another inn where they were treated to a passable meal and a reasonably good wine plus ale for the drivers. Arthur suggested they let the horses rest for an hour before they continued their journey to the “The Outlook”. And all the time they sat outside the inn eating, drinking and talking Susanna kept a lookout for strangers who might be following them but the road behind them remained empty.
		'I am no experienced traveller,' Susanna continued with their conversation as they finished their meal, 'but are we not close to the coast here? I am certain I have seen the sea once or twice?'
		'You are observant,' Arthur nodded a smile. 'Our route is not the ideal one for we should, if there were no danger in doing so, be much further north than here.'
		'What danger?'
		'It is rumoured that there are Parliamentarian soldiers in the north of the county who have deserted the army claiming that they have not been paid and such men are not to be trusted by strangers on the open road and in such circumstances women would be especially vulnerable.'
		'I see,' Susanna nodded. 'Well that is another good reason for having you share my journey for I would have taken the more logical route and put myself in danger.'

And again although Susanna could not have known it, and certainly Arthur would never have known it, the closer they got to “The Outlook” the closer they were to smuggling gangs and Françoise Hanover.

Neither Susanna nor Arthur saw any sign of strangers behind them for the rest of the day's journey, and because they had not seen them they had no way of knowing that such strangers had also planned on taking rooms at “The Outlook”.

That night Susanna enjoyed her evening with Arthur mainly because their friendship was exactly that – just friendship. There was never a time that evening when either of them expected the relationship to go deeper despite each finding the other attractive. It was because of this easiness in their friendship that they had time to study the other occupants of the inn and one person stood out more than anyone else – he was a ship's Captain and judging by his accent he was French which Arthur didn't find odd as they were so close to the coast and to France. Before they made their way to their separate chambers and beds they took the opportunity to take a walk outside and enjoy the warm summer sea air. As they did so Arthur couldn't help but notice a ship moored some way offshore.

The following morning, but not early, Susanna and Arthur began what remained of their journey to Rochford House under a bright and warm summer sun. A little under two hours later the stone pillars at the entrance to the driveway leading up to Rochford House came into view and of course both gates were locked. With the carriage and its occupants waiting at the gates the figure of a lone man made his way from the house towards them.
		'My master is not expecting visitors,' Carlisle's reliable man John scowled his welcome in their direction. 
		'And would your master happen to be Captain Carlisle?' Susanna found herself being plain with the man.
		'He may be.' The scowl was still on John's face.
		'I think he is,' Susanna smiled a knowing smile – comfortable in the knowledge that she was right. 'And your guests who are already in your house would be Lady Christina Norfolk and maybe Captain James Sutton and the lady Françoise Hanover.' She finished triumphantly.
		'Without another word being uttered by either party John took the heavy keys from his belt and slowly, very slowly, unlocked the gates and forced them to open on their rusty hinges. All this time strangers on the horizon watched what was going on before disappearing from sight as soon as the carriage made its way down the driveway towards the house. Susanna rather imagined that she had seen them which made her resort to chewing her bottom lip until her carriage reached Rochford House where she set her feet on firm ground once more.

Arriving at the house they were greeted by Carlisle himself who was astonished to see Susanna. He covered the short distance to her, bowed, took her hand in his and kissed it. It took a great deal of effort on his part to not engulf her mouth with his own. There would be time enough for that later if she was still willing and so, for the moment, he reluctantly let go of her hand and offered his lips to her left ear.
		'Why are you here?' I cannot remember when last I saw you and when last I bedded you.'
		'Enough' she smiled as she stepped back from him and held a finger up to her lips. 'We will speak later when we are alone. I come with news which concerns the safety of Christina.' She hoped that nobody had heard his words. A moment later her eyes fell on James and Susanna introduced the both of them to Arthur. The only absentee was Christina and she did not remain so for long as she swept out of the house and greeted Arthur before turning her attention to Susanna.
		'My Dear Susanna,' she began. 'When we last met we were not the closest of friends so I will not pretend that anything has changed except that for the sake of everyone here I will make you feel welcome.'
		'Thank you.' Susanna bowed. 'What was in the past shall remain in the past.' Although she found the words hard to say she was nevertheless pleased to have found the courage to say them. 'Where is Françoise? I was led to believe that she was here?' Susanna threw her question not at Christina but towards Carlisle.
		'Ah! Françoise. What a complicated woman she is.' He teased her as he quickly made up his mind that he really should not and need not tell her about Françoise's link to smuggling. 'She has found a man whom she appears to love.'
		'How unusual,' Susanna smiled a sarcastic smile. 'I had heard that she was popular with many a man. Still when we did meet some time ago I was very pleased to be acquainted with her. Unfortunately her reputation with men goes before her. Who does she claim her lover to be this time?'
		'A local man who who lives quite close by. In fact he is my neighbour and a likeable fellow. They appear to be happy together.'

It was now that Arthur made his excuses to leave them and continue his journey alone which he did after a few minutes. He had left a good impression on the occupants of Rochford House even after such a short time with them.
   
		'So, now that you know all about my sister, tell me why you are here?' Christina suddenly threw at Susanna in much the same way as Carlisle had done some moments before.
		'I had to get out of London.' Susanna told a half-truth. 'Because of the plague you understand?' And she threw a timely glare at Carlisle before he could contradict her.
		'The plague?' Christina clearly did not know that there was plague in London.
		'Yes it is becoming quite rife and many people are leaving the city behind.'
		'Well I hope Maria sees some sense and leaves.' Christina uttered in all innocence.
		Susanna found her mouth falling open because for some reason unknown to her she had just assumed, as Maria's cousin, that Christina would have known about Maria's death
		'Maria is dead,' Susanna suddenly blurted out once she had closed her mouth, and although it was rather blunt there was no way of saying it more gently.
		'Oh,' was all that Christina could find as a response. 'That's awful. When did she die?'
		'A few days ago which is why Arthur came with me on this journey – he was Maria's husband.'
		'Again that is news to me. I may have been safe here but the place is so isolated and we receive no news.'
		Susanna swallowed hard at Christina's words. 'Well for as long as their marriage lasted your cousin was happy with Arthur.'
		'I am pleased.' Christina threw her a smile which Susanna felt was genuine and with that awkward topic of conversation ended Carlisle invited them all in his house and into the great hall. As they left the summer's day behind them he issued hastily calculated instructions to his household about refreshments and accommodation. A moment later they were settled and comfortable in the room where Carlisle had led them and so their conversations continued. Their stories to each other were interrupted by the arrival, the very welcome arrival in Christina's mind, of James which invited and received another round of greetings between everyone but less so between James and Christina which Susanna found odd. It would be a few minutes before James would make excuses to leave the room with Christina and say hello to each other as only lovers can.

		'How was your journey?' Carlisle threw James an obvious question before James and his lover abandoned them.
		'Very good and very uneventful.' James called out as they reached the door which led to the rest of the house. 'Although I did encounter a number of armed men at some distance from here who were quite clearly looking at this house.'
		'Should we be concerned?' Carlisle was running the news through his mind.
		'I am do not know. Perhaps not. They certainly took no notice of me and I did not see them as a threat. I could of course be wrong.' He looked hard at Susanna and could not fail to notice the worried look which had swept across her face. 'Are you not well Susanna?'
		'Yes, quite well thank you.' She brushed the concern from her face as quickly as it had appeared, yet inside she felt sick.
		'You will excuse us a while?' Carlisle gave up on their conversation as James took Christina's hand in his own and they abandoned the room.

As soon as they were alone together the two one-time lovers swept into each other's arms and his lips met hers. The long months apart were swept aside as they tasted the love which each had for the other and their tense bodies crushed together in  an overwhelming desire for each other.
		'I need you.' Susanna whispered in a quite husky voice as she raised herself onto her toes and her warm lips reached his ear. 
		'And I you,' was all the encouragement she needed from him as she buried her lips on his again whilst allowing her right hand to encourage his hand to caress her breasts which he did gladly and the act had the not unsurprising effect on how the lower part of his body felt for her. A few moment's later they were in his chamber upstairs naked, and she stared in anticipation of feeling him inside her and admired his fine athleticism which had not diminished in any way from the last time they had satisfied each other.
 
Some time later she lay in his arms as she recovered from their exertions and as she smiled at the enjoyment which her body had experienced after so long she knew why she loved this man so much. Sex with Ned had been exciting and enjoyable but sex with the man she loved was all-together different.

		'Earlier you spoke of a warning for Christina?' He adjusted his hold on her so that he could see her face.
		'Two warnings actually.'
		'Two?'
		'I have letters from Colonel Sir George Mortimer and Eleanor York.'
		'Eleanor?' His eyes narrowed.
		'If you keep interrupting me we will get nowhere.' Her eyes set on his and her fingers touched his lips. The letters claim that Christina is in much danger if she remains in England. They are timely warnings and are intended to save her life.'

It only took a few moments for Susanna to claim the documents from her baggage and hand them over to her lover. After Carlisle had read them both his eyes abandoned the parchments and fixed on her own eyes. 'It is as I suspected and lends weight to my argument that she should leave these shores.'
		'And so she will be safe in France?'
		'That is by no means certain.' He threw doubt in her belief of the simplicity of her going to France.
		'How so? Her enemies are in England.'
		'They may also be in France. The King has supporters on the continent and it is common knowledge that she was instrumental in stealing his Majesty's correspondence.'
		'So what is to become of her?'
		'And what is to become of me?' He threw the question back at her. 'For I will go to France with her for her protection.'

Susanna swallowed hard and began to chew her bottom lip much as Eleanor had done after handing over her letter to Susanna which ensured that she would loose any control over Christina's fate once she was safe on the other side of the channel. Susanna had not anticipated that Carlisle would go to France with Christina and so by her own hand she was putting her lover in danger. 'What on earth have I done?' she mouthed to herself. 'By my own hand I have put my lover in danger.'

That afternoon the four of them – James, Carlisle, Christina and Susanna took a walk in the gardens of Carlisle's estate.
		'I am hoping that Françoise will be here soon.' Carlisle broke the silence of the balmy afternoon.
		'It will be good to see her after so long.' Susanna smiled. 'Does she know we are here?'
		'Yes she does, I sent John over to Jacob Riley's house earlier.'
		'Jacob Riley? So we have a name for her new lover!' Susanna smiled.
		'Will their relationship last do you think?' Christina sent him an uninteresting question. 'You seemed to be quite certain of is earlier?'
		'I think it will,' he nodded. 'She has matured in recent months and I am pleased for her. I think you will be too.'

Later that day Françoise did indeed arrive at Rochford House but not in a carriage as Susanna had expected. She arrived on horseback with her legs either side of her mount rather than the femininity of a side saddle - and none of this surprised either Susanna or Christina. Françoise's warm smile greeted them all as she kissed Christina before turning her attention to Susanna.
		'This is a delight,' she smiled. 'I had not expected to see you ever again.' She kissed Susanna on both cheeks.
		'You are looking well,' Susanna pushed her away to arms length so that she could get a good view of her.
		'I am well thank you.' Françoise turned to her sister and kissed her a second time. 'We do not seem to see each other as often as we did? Why do you not come to Riley's house and see me and perhaps stay a while?'
		'You know I cannot. I have to stay here and hide from the rest of England, at least for now.'
		Christina thought she had better throw an explanation in Susanna's direction. 'My dear sister was with child some months ago but sadly she lost it. She did not look well at all then.'
		'I see,' was all that Susanna could find by way of a reply, and there the matter ended for neither Christina nor Françoise wanted to enter into an explanation with Susanna as to why the younger girl had become a smuggler and put  herself in so much danger.

The reunion of friends and family continued through a well prepared meal and on into the summer night whilst outside, and in quiet secret, armed soldiers – strangers - carried out a brief examination of the defences of Rochford House before abandoning the place for the night and making there way to an inn back on the London road where they had agreed to meet Eleanor York. They arrived at the inn - which wasn't “The Outlook” - two hours or so later which is where they stayed the previous night – this new inn did in fact appear to have no name whatsoever. With midnight engulfing them the soldiers , who all wore the uniform of Parliament's army approached the door to the tavern where the yellow flickering flame of a lantern illuminated the threshold of the building.
		'Are you the men who are employed by the Lady Eleanor?' A stranger who would turn out to be the landlord of the place threw his greeting and question at them.
		'We may be. Who is it who asks?' The man who appeared to be in charge of the others asked.
		'I do.' A woman's voice called out as she stepped past the landlord and held aloft her own lantern so that she could be seen. 'I am Lady Eleanor, and you must be the man they call Dent?' she watched the officer nod. 'You have news?'
		'We do and I await your instructions to attack the place and carry away your enemy.'
		'She is there?' Eleanor swallowed hard as her plans seemed to be coming to fruition. 'You have seen her?'
		'We have seen only the Lady whom you asked us to follow out of London and since her aim was to go to your enemy any fool would work out that the two women are now together in Rochford House.' What was clearly missing from Dent's explanation was the fact that a third woman would be there – Françoise but they had not seen her arrive, and that fact would not aid them in their attack on the place.
		'I do not like your tone sir!' Eleanor stared at him. 'I am  paying you quite handsomely to do as I ask.'
		'That may well be,' Dent was growing tired of the conversation, 'but may I remind you that you have yet to pay us?'
		'You will be rewarded on successful completion of your task as we agreed.' She held firm her resolve. 'Go and arrest the woman and take her to the place which we have agreed upon and then if the woman – my enemy - is unharmed you will be paid.' 






























27. THE WITCHHUNT
THE FOLLOWING DAY

A number of miles away to the east and on the flat bleak landscape of Essex a weary traveller arrived at her destination.

The carriage came to a muddy standstill by the front entrance of Jacob's house and as it did so Marian Hutchings opened the door and slid out where her feet found the welcome firmness of the ground. Marian was relieved to be free of the confines of the carriage after her awful uncomfortable journey from further north in the county. A few paces behind her an armed soldier climbed down from his horse and escorted her to the front door of the house and as he did so he took out a sealed parchment from his tunic. Behind him half a dozen other men dismounted and stayed by their horses until instructed otherwise. Jacob welcomed the uniformed stranger with a slight bow and an offer of a hand in friendship as Marian stared at him with her mouth half-open.
		'You are welcome Sir,' Jacob issued his greeting, 'and you have found the humble abode of Jacob Riley's house which no doubt you intended to do since we are in a remote spot and travellers do not come here by chance.'
		'And you are Jacob?'
		'I am sir.'
		'Then this document is for you, it comes from the hand of My Lady Katherine Ross.'
		'My sister?'
		'The same, Sir.' He held out the document which Jacob readily accepted.
		'My sister's seal.' Jacob broke the wax and read the contents which were written in a neat and fair hand, and without doubt the writings of a lady. 'So you are Marian Hutchings?' He watched the attractive young woman close her mouth at last.
		'I am Sir,' she curtsied with her eyes still fixed on his face. 'Your sister's personal maid,' she straightened her back, 'and  glad to be here though it is not of my choice.'
		'No indeed,' his eyes scanned the document once again. 'My sister has sent you here to save your life. You were  about to be arrested for witchcraft?'
		'Not true sir,' she shook her head, 'that is I am no witch but was about to be arrested for being one.'
		'Why?'
		'I can only imagine,' she thought hard as she cocked her head to one side, 'and my lady agrees with me, that there are women in our nearby village who have something against me, and I know not what.'
		'Perhaps.' Jacob stared at her and could easily understand how other women might want to do her some harm because of her exceptional good looks. 'And you were never examined?'
		'Those who would have prosecuted me did try. They attempted to strip me and look for the signs but my lady intervened and stopped them before sending me to you.'
		'You were fortunate for so many have been hanged.'		'I know that Sir. I know how fortunate I am and I have your sister to thank for it.' She continued to look into his eyes captivated as she was by his good looks.
		'Well you are safe here and will remain so until we know you can return home without any further torment.'
		'Thank you Sir.' She offered him a curtsey. 'I will do anything you ask of me during my stay in your house.'

Their visual examination of each other's features came to an end as Françoise arrived on horseback and came to a standstill a few paces from them. Marian set her eyes on the new arrival as the woman threw her right leg over her horse and slipped from her mount in a well-practiced move. Marian stared at the new arrival and as she did so she found that she was in awe of the woman who was as yet a stranger to her for she had never before seen a lady ride with legs astride of her horse and certainly not a woman who was athletic enough to throw her leg over her saddle.

		'Good morning?' Françoise offered a welcome hand to Marian. 'To whom do I owe the pleasure?' She smiled before taking her eyes from Marian and kissing Jacob full on the lips.
As soon as the warmth of Françoise's lips left his own Jacob gave his lover a brief explanation of the girl's reasons for arriving at their house, or more importantly Lady Katherine's written reasons.
		'Well now you are safe.' Françoise smiled at the girl as Jacob's explanation came to an end. She again examined Marian's features which she found most attractive and she knew that most men would find her so. Marian on her part found Françoise also to be rather captivating and she could see why Jacob allowed her to kiss him as she did. She swallowed hard as her brief hope that she herself could become close to Jacob melted to nothing.
		'You have no personal maid of your own?' Jacob began with a smile in his lover's direction.
		'…..And so I could employ the services of this good woman?' Françoise finished his sentence for him. 'It is an idea,' she nodded, 'but I promise you,' she turned her attention back to Marian, 'I will not expect you to work hard for I much prefer to attend to my needs myself, but your skills will be most useful.' She thought carefully about how she would hide her preparations for her smuggling activities from this new woman whom she assumed she could trust otherwise Jacob would not have made the suggestion.

Françoise did not at that time consider this new woman to be a competitor for Jacob's affection but she was wrong to do so for Marian's brown eyes, full lips and long dark hair would easily attract any man to her and Jacob was no different.

Marian did not reserve her attention just for Jacob for her eyes fell on Carlisle as he arrived and dismounted a few paces from them before throwing her a warm smile. Her eyes set on his rugged good looks, long hair and Mediterranean appearance. The protected life of service which she had so far experienced now drained from her as the two men stirred feelings within her which she had never before experienced. She had never known her mother and so had nobody to explain to her how she might feel as she grew up and matured into a young woman. Her young body was now swamped with emotions which she did not understand and knew not how to control.

That night Jacob gave Françoise a gift which was his way of showing his feelings towards her despite his earlier encounter with Marian when he looked with envious eyes on the new woman - and she on him. The gift was a necklace made up of several strings of pearls which all culminated in a large blood-red stone which when he put the gift around her neck nestled just above her cleavage. The item, so Jacob explained, once belonged to his mother and that fact more than any other told Françoise just how deep his feeling for her were. The image of her lover staring at Marian dissolved as quickly as it had arrived.




















28. THE FIRE
JUNE 1647

The following day Françoise made her excuses to leave the newly arrived Susanna with a promise that she would return the following day. She could not possibly reveal the real reason for having to be absent and she made no excuse to Marian for the girl was a mere servant and as such did not merit an explanation. Françoise had no choice but to carry out what she had planned which was a delivery of contraband from France from a French ship which had been in the channel for two days. No matter how much Susanna liked her Françoise could not risk telling her about her smuggling activities because she was  unlikely to understand why Françoise was involved in such dangerous activities at all. Françoise' absence that night would turn out to be just another piece of a puzzle which would culminate in catastrophe that night.

As another warm day came to an end and the blackness of a moonless night blanketed the coast and Rochford House Françoise was on the beach with her men. Jacob, meanwhile, was on the dunes watching for those who might seek to arrest them for their clandestine activities which were against all the laws issued by Parliament.

Back at Carlisle's place the guests were making ready for bed whilst outside Eleanor's men made ready to attack the place through a breach which they had found in the outer limits of the wall that enclosed the grounds of the house.

Shortly after midnight the enemies of Rochford House had surrounded the place and were ready to make their move, and they were delighted when they found the main entrance door to be  unlocked. Dent crossed the threshold as quietly as he knew how and he was followed by two of his men who straight away found themselves facing a male servant armed with a pistol and a lighted lamp. A shot was let loose but it came not from the servant's pistol but from Dent's and as the man-servant crumpled in a heap on the wooden boards of the entrance hall his lantern followed him to the floors and crashed close to where the dying man lay. Blue, yellow and red flames spread like an incoming tide across the hallway and engulfed the man who was dying on the floor but not before the victim released a single shot from his own pistol – the very last act of a dying man.

The entire household – but not Françoise and Jacob who were occupied with their activities on the beach - was now awake and, almost in a practiced way, Carlisle had all his guests out of their rooms each with a lighted lantern as they made ready to evacuate the house. But he had no intention of going without a fight as he let loose two of his own pistols and the musket balls found their targets at the bottom of the stairs – two of Dent's men who would fight no more.

With the advantage of lights from the flame of their lanterns James, Christina, Marian and Susanna, all clad only in their night attire, made their way to the rear of the vast house to a small door which had only ever been used by smugglers and Carlisle himself. As the flames in the hall grew into a wall of fire which could not be crossed Dent and his men were unable to follow and they watched helplessly as their prey which was Christina, made her escape. The attackers were however not totally helpless for one of them let loose his own pistol through the flames at their escaping quarry. There was a flash as the musket ball left the weapon and struck not Christina but Susanna in her back. With Carlisle firing his own weapon successfully at the man who had just done the same with his own weapon he put an arm around Susanna and helped her to escape with the others as blood began to soak the linen on her back.

On top of the sand dunes some miles away Jacob could see flames rising in the distance and chose to ignore them for now since he considered his look-out duties to be more important since his lover, their gang and a whole host of Frenchmen and contraband  were littering the beach.

Rochford House was now in flames with all the surviving guests in relative safety some distance away and still underground of what was soon to become the ruins of the house. Carlisle, with James, Marian, Christina and the injured Susanna close by him, made their escape further down the tunnel which led to a church. Carlisle had chosen to take them all to safety down the tunnel rather than follow the servants through the doors of the house because of the uncertainty of how many more armed intruders  were close by. The servants were unlikely to be in danger from the enemy so with loaded pistols and lanterns as their only baggage the escapees closed in on their object of the church and safety in Riley's house.

Officer Dent and his men were in total confusion back at the house for they had not achieved their aim of arresting Christina, in fact they hadn't arrested anyone at all and all they had to shown for their night's work was a burning building and two dead comrades.
		'Come,' Dent finally made up his mind what to do next, 'we will take shelter in that barn,' he pointed in the direction of a large building some way off. 'Once daylight arrives we can start our search for whatever route our enemies took to safety, and who knows we may be more successful than we have been tonight.' He ignored the escaping servants passing by him to safety.
----      
With the former Rochford House guests safely out of the tunnel and resting in Riley's house and Jacob having returned from his smuggling duties, Carlisle and James were more than a little concerned about the fate of Françoise who had not returned with Jacob following her escapades on the beach. They voiced their concerns to Jacob.
		'This is not unusual,' Jacob tried to assure them. 'She often does this once her activities on the beach are over. There is much to do and all made worse by the fact that we have lost the tunnel to your house.' He looked at Carlisle 'Which Françoise   would normally use for temporary storage of our goods tonight.' He rubbed his chin as he considered what he might do in a similar situation which of course he had been in before Françoise came on the scene and took his place. 'I would, however, be concerned were she not to be here by noon.'
		'Well,' Christina smiled at his handsome features, 'you clearly know my sister better than I.'	
		'I did not know she was involved in such activities?' Susanna in much pain and still bleeding heavily began chewing her bottom lip again as she so often did in such circumstances of confusion.
		'It was better not to tell you of her activities for a number of reasons but now I have no choice.' Jacob gave in to her curiosity.
		'Then do not tell me.' Susanna stopped him as she coughed blood into her hand. 'Better that I do not know about such activities and danger to her.'
-----
Back at the ruins of Rochford House as the sun climbed into the sky on what would be another warm day all that could be seen of the once proud building was the blackened brickwork and the chimney stacks, Dent and what remained of his gang began to search the ruins as the heat of the fire subsided. Having only managed two or three hours sleep they were all tired, thirsty and hungry and a search of the kitchen ruins for any food that might have survived became both their top priority and a useless venture.

How Dent and his men came across Françoise could only have been a coincidence. Françoise had decided to find her way to Rochford House by making her way through the tunnel from the church and as she did so she passed all the contraband which was hidden from earlier smuggling activities. About half-way down the tunnel she found her usual storage place for her change of clothing. A few minutes after her arrival in the tunnel she was back in the guise of a lady with a good quality black gown with her male clothing discarded. At the other end of the tunnel in the house ruins Dent and his men had finally discovered the entrance to the escape route at the back of the kitchens as they searched in vain for food and water. They had, however, found some wine which was still warm and eagerly seized upon by the thirsty men.

It was hard to know who was the more surprised as the eyes of Dent and those of Françoise finally fell on each other in the tunnel. It was hopeless for Françoise to run because of the length of her gown - had she still worn the garb of a boy she might have been successful and made her escape. In the event Dent managed to grab both the neckline of her gown and her hair, and it was the gown which gave way to his forcefulness. The costume ripped at the back and her breasts almost fell out with her clothing now in disarray - none of this bothered Dent for he had his victim. In a matter of seconds he had her hands tied tightly together behind her back with complete disregard for the tenderness of her soft flesh, He dragged her down the tunnel and back towards the ruins of the house. It was fortunate that when he grabbed her she dropped her lantern and the flame was extinguished otherwise the ensuing fire might well have set light to the contents of the tunnel which included a great quantity of spirits.

A few stumbling minutes later they were all back out in the bright daylight where Dent forcefully turned Françoise to face him and he was able to examine his prisoner's beauty and sensuality which was made even more appealing by the fact that her breasts were no longer secure in her gown.
		'Lady Christina Norfolk?' he stated rather than asked for he was reasonably sure that she was the woman in question.
		'You have the advantage over me Sir,' Françoise chose not to answer his question with a simple yes or no. ' I do not have the honour of knowing your name.' She was quick-witted enough to know that she should give nothing away about her sister's identity or whereabouts.
		'And that is the way it will stay,' he smiled an ugly smile. 'And now I must cover up your beauty.' He slipped a hood over her face as her eyes fell into darkness and the pain from the rope around her wrists began to cut into her.
		Françoise could so easily have denied being Christina and the reasons for her not doing so were twofold. Firstly she felt better able to cope with whatever these men were going to throw at her rather than Christina having to cope with it which she knew she would not. And her second reason was that she didn't know who her own captors were - if they were Parliament's men searching for smugglers then it was far more desirable for her survival that she did not admit to being Françoise Hanover just in case they knew of her activities and identity. She knew however that her calamitous position was only a temporary one for surely her smuggling friends would soon be looking for her?

It didn't take long for Dent, his men and their prisoner to cover the dozen miles on horseback to the inn where they had agreed to meet Eleanor. The nameless inn was not often visited by travellers for it was on the remote wind-swept marshes of Canvey. The bleakness of the place made it very foreboding indeed as the place nestled close to empty houses and various unused outbuildings. The seashore itself was littered with the wrecks of old boats most of which would never be taken to sea again.

Françoise, with her wrists now bleeding, made no sound whatsoever during their journey at the end of which she was glad to be manhandled off her horse. A moment later, and with her head striking the door frame of the building which would become her prison, she was thrown into the blackness of what appeared to be an unused barn or pigsty where her blind was removed with no dignity whatsoever. Water was offered to her and as soon as she gave the appearance of needing the drink it was thrust onto her lips and emptied into her open mouth far quicker than she could ever have swallowed it. With the water running down her chin and onto her gown and half-covered breasts she set her eyes on the man who was holding the jug to her mouth – a man who stank of stale wine. His ugly eyes stared at her half-naked body yet she chose to ignore him. Blood from her head wound ran down the side of her face with no sign that it might stop any time soon.

She could feel that her backside was wet, and becoming wetter still from something in the straw that she was sitting in. And still she did not make a fuss as her attention was drawn to voices outside, one of which seemed to be familiar to her. The shaft of daylight blinded her for a moment as the only door to the place was thrown wide open to the summer sun. Her eyes continued to blink as the sun's rays fell on her face, so much so that she hardly saw the woman who entered the place and stood before her. Even had her eyes adjusted to the brightness of the sun she would still not have recognised her for the woman had her face covered under a heavy hood the front edge of which fell over her eyes which given the heat of the day must have been quite deliberate.
		'That is not her!' She heard the woman call out after a moment. 'That is not Lady Christina Norfolk!' Her voice rose in anger. 'You fools have brought me the wrong woman!'
		'You do not even know who I am,' Françoise finally found the courage to say something about herself to the woman who had chosen to ignore her. 'Your men never asked me to confirm or deny that I was this Lady Christina when they took me.' She stared at the woman's clothing which was very striking indeed. The colour of Eleanor's riding gown was a light blue with gold trimmings and not at all something that a lady would wear for the ravages of riding across the marshes. Clearly she thought more about her appearance than she did about what to wear for a difficult and long ride. And then  Françoise at last recognised the woman. 
		'Eleanor?'  Françoise stared at her. 'I remember you from our time in London in February when you came to see me and my sisters and you almost demanded that I tell you where Christina could be found.'
		'Quite so,' Eleanor nodded. 'You were a thorn in my side then with your stubbornness and still you are a thorn in my side!' She gave up staring at her captive and turned instead to Dent. 'We will need reinforcements from Parliament so that you can go back and take the right woman this time. She argued with Dent. 'And as for her,' she pointed at Françoise, 'you do with her as you please for I do not want to see her again but you will not kill her!'
		'You will not do with me as you please.' Françoise found the courage to speak out. 'My men will kill you all before you take me anywhere!'
		That was enough for Eleanor stared at her captive for what seemed like a long time. 'Enough of this, we will talk outside and at a safer distance if you please,' her demand was directed at Dent. 'Cover her face!' She turned and disappeared from the building with Dent following her as a hood was thrust over her head. As soon as they were gone the door closed on Françoise who still had her wrists bound. As she sat in the dark and breathed in the acrid smell of whatever it was that she was sitting in she considered if she had done any good or any harm by speaking out. Since she was now alone with nobody to molest her she decided that she had perhaps done some good for all she had to do was to gain some time until her friends came to help her.

Once outside in the sunshine Eleanor, Dent and the rest of the party instinctively headed for the inn down the road and its adjoining barn, and out of sight of prying eyes.'
		'Who is the woman we have left behind?' Dent cocked his head over his shoulder.
		'It matters not who she is,' Eleanor's reply served only to annoy him. 'I know her identity and I will not share it with you for you do not need to know it.' And with a smile she finished annoying Dent.
		Once inside the barn by the inn Eleanor turned and faced Dent with a courage that she didn't know she had. She would have liked to have had Harry by her side but that was not to be for she had known all along that he could not come due to his army commitments. Besides Harry knew Dent and he trusted the man.
		'So we have the wrong woman.' Her statement both surprised and annoyed Dent.
		'So you say but how can that be?'
		'Perhaps you can explain?' She stared at Dent. 'She claims that you did not ask who she was before you chose to carry her to this place?'
		'She did not deny being the woman in question.' Dent spoke the truth.
		'But she did not admit it either?'
		'No.' Dent was beginning to get annoyed with Eleanor.
		'You're a fool.' She spat at him without any fear whatsoever. - perhaps had she known how close to loosing his temper he was she may well have not spoken to him quite so harshly especially as his men were listening to every word she threw at him. 'I brought us here because the woman we have left behind knows me as you must have heard and she must not hear any more of what we are saying.'
		'My dear lady,' Dent began an attack on her, 'it matters not if she knows you or not for she will not live beyond today.'
		'I am not in the habit of repeating myself,' she watched the anger continue to sweep across his face. 'I have already told you that I do not want her killed!' She has done nothing to harm me and does not deserve to die so leave her be.'
		'You said we were to do with her as we pleased?'
		'Yes I did but I do not want her killed. She must not die!' She watched his face and was satisfied that her words had finally struck home. 'The whole thing is a disaster.' She began to walk in circles and clench her fists in anger as she decided what to do next. 'You can leave the woman now and take your pleasures with her later.
		'Later?'
		'Yes later.' She repeated. 'Your first duty to me is to go back and arrest the right woman once you have help.' She threw her order at him.
		'We are not going back,' he growled at her. 'The place will be crawling with armed men by now.'
		'I think you will go back once you have the necessary reinforcements.' Eleanor was sure of herself.
		The entrance to the barn door fell into shadow as one of Dent's men filled the gap with his torso. 'We have visitors,' he let out a lung-full of air. 'A woman and a handful of men.'
		Eleanor made her way to the outside and set her eyes on the approaching riders.
		'Do we fight?' Dent had no particular plan in his mind to do so.
		'We do not.' Eleanor was firm with her response. 'Our task is to keep the peace, gain reinforcements and then go in search of my enemy Christina Hanover, Norfolk or whatever she calls herself these days.'
		'I see.' Dent's eyes fixed on the approaching riders and particularly on the one who was clearly a woman.
		'Do I make myself clear?' Eleanor glared at him. 'Your payment may depend on you understanding what I am telling you.'
		So be it.' He growled an unhappy reply.

It took only a handful of minutes before the riders reached Eleanor, Dent and the others, and it took only another moment for Dent to rest his lecherous eyes on the woman and the way that her green riding outfit hugged her young body.

		'Where is my Lady Françoise?' Marianne Hutchings asked from her lofty position on her horse with her armed riders, including Jack, alongside her.
		'Françoise?' Dent had no idea who she was talking about and it took Eleanor's intervention to clear up the confusion.
		 'We know of no Françoise.' She lied.
		 'Françoise Hanover?' Marilyn expanded as she rested on her magnificent grey - the horse which did in fact belong to Françoise.
		'It makes no difference,' Eleanor shook her head, 'what her family name is. We do not know of her.'
		'You should know.' Marilyn allowed a triumphant smirk to wash across her face. 'You should know because you and your men were seen abducting and carrying off a woman of some quality. My Mistress Françoise is missing and I am riding her horse so she was taken against her will.' She set her eyes on the barn close by and the second barn some distance away.
		'Release her.' Eleanor gave in to Marian's demands without the fight that she had warned Dent not to start. They were clearly outnumbered by the woman and her armed men.

A few minutes later and further up the rough track Françoise had no idea what was going on outside, all that she did know was that for now, and except for the bindings still cutting into her wrists, she was safe, and the longer she remained safe the closer she was to gaining her liberty. She had comforted herself for some time by knowing that her smuggling gang would be searching for her and as they were men who knew this part of the coast better than any it was only a matter of time before they found her.

Some time later and what seemed to Françoise to be an eternity but was in fact only a few minutes, she heard the door to her prison being pushed open and assumed it was her captors returning with mischievous intentions on their minds. The silhouette which suddenly filled the doorway turned out to be the very welcome Jack Miller and behind him were other members of her own smuggling gang who she knew well enough.
		'Are you hurt?' Jack asked her as he removed her hood and cut through her wrist bindings. 'Can you stand?'
		'Given the circumstances I am in reasonable shape save for my pride', she replied in a voice that was louder than his. 'Where are my enemies? Those who took me?'
		'They appear to have capitulated,' Jack gave her an explanation. 'No doubt they prefer not to get into a fight with us. I know not why for they are well armed and seem to be men of fighting quality. He ignored the fact that his own men outnumbered them. 'We could see that they were Parliament's men searching for us and they wore the uniforms of Cromwell's cavalry - Cromwell’s New Model army.'
		'Yes I know.' Françoise nodded in agreement as she remembered the reputation of those who fought with the New Model Army. From what little I saw of them I agree and we would come off a poor second it we took them on but clearly they think otherwise. Or someone has told them to think otherwise.' She thought of Eleanor and her commanding ways.
		'We have horses outside.' Jack took her arm despite her not needing his help and led her towards the door. 'You stink!' He told her the truth.
		'Yes I do.' She turned back to where she had been sitting. 'It is something on the ground where they they threw me.'
		A moment later they were outside and Françoise's eyes fell on Marilyn. 'Well you are the last person I expected to see here?' She smiled. 'And on my horse?'
		 'Well as soon as you were gone I was busy doing nothing!' She returned the smile.
		'I did not know you could ride?'
		'My Mistress Lady Katherine insisted that I learn.'
		'I see.'
		'So that I could keep her company when she rode out into the countryside.'
		'Well I thank God that she did.' Françoise finished their conversation as they all prepared to ride to freedom.

It wasn't many minutes before all the riders were far to the west of where they had found her. They then turned south towards the coast which they all knew so well and once on the beach they gained some speed and put their mounts in the direction of Riley's house. As they headed to safety Françoise had a sudden impulse to clasp the necklace which she had been wearing when she had been abducted. The necklace was precious to her for it represented Jacob's love for her and so she was shocked when the palm of her hand closed over the pale flesh of her neck rather than over the expected jewels. The gift from Riley had gone and Françoise could only suppose it would be lying on the dirty ground of the barn where she had been held against her will.

29. LEAVING ENGLAND
THE FOLLOWING FEW DAYS

Later that afternoon back at Riley's house Susanna lay in her bed in extreme distress from her injuries and being nursed by an elderly servant woman who clearly had some nursing skills. Downstairs the rest of the household including Marian who was rather disappointed that Françoise had joined them and taken away her seclusion with Jacob, rested downstairs in the great hall. They had much to think about and much to discuss not the least of which was the fate of Christina and plans made long ago to take her back to France and to safety.
		'I think we all need to be clear about who our enemies are and who we are up against.' Carlisle began the discussion as he filled a goblet with wine and then offered the same to the others. 'Françoise?' he looked at her with a smile. 'You alone are able to tell us who these people are and what their intentions might be?'
		'I did not hear too much for they realised who I was, or rather who I was not, and abandoned the place where I was held.' She brushed her hair from her eyes and as she did so the ring on her right hand caught the wound on the side of her head which caused her to wince in pain. 'But from what little I heard and saw I suspected that they were from the Parliament but I was not certain of that until Jack was able to confirm it. There was a woman with them who was quite determined that I should not recognise her.
		'Parliament's men with a woman?' Riley rubbed the stubble on his chin as Marian set her eyes on him once again. 'How strange.' He turned to Françoise and expected her to continue.
		'Clearly they came for Christina,' Françoise continued with her explanation. 'And clearly they mistook me for Christina. They talked of returning to London and getting reinforcements to aid their plans to arrest the woman who they had failed to find. My sister.'
		'By returning here and finishing their job.' Carlisle correctly added to her tale.
		'It would appear so,' Françoise continued, 'and so we are in peril just as we imagined we might be so long ago when Susanna presented us with letters from Colonel Mortimer and this woman Eleanor. They now know where we are and are determined to come back for my sister and if any of us get in their way then we would suffer the consequences.
		'Perhaps it would be easier for all concerned if I just gave myself up to them.' Christina confessed. 'I do not want to be responsible for any deaths, destruction and injury.' She turned to Carlisle. 'How is Susanna?'
		'Not good,' he shook his head. 'I fear the worse for she has already lost much blood.' He stared at Christina. 'And I will hear no more talk of you giving yourself up to these murderers. We are family and friends and we will all face this together.'
		'It is not as if the solution to the problem is a difficult one,' James finally had his say. 'We contact the French ship and we get Christina to safety in France until the political situation  in this country changes in our favour and this witch hunt of Catholics, especially French Catholics, comes to an end.'
		'Wise words,' Riley nodded. 'Wise words indeed.'
		'After all the two people who will suffer by Christina going back to France will be Christina herself and me.' James reflected on the thought. 'But one day we will all be together again.' He looked into Christina's eyes. 'That I promise you.'
		'Well said.' Carlisle climbed to his feet and began wandering round the room before turning back to Françoise. 'In your opinion are these men a danger to the rest of us?'
		'I do not think so.' She shook her head which clearly gave pain to her head wound. 'And I can say that because of what they decided once they realised that they had the wrong woman. Some of the few words which the woman did say in front of me was that I was not to be killed. It appeared not to be of any concern to her about what other fate awaited me, but I was not to be killed.'
		'Jack?' Carlisle looked at the man 'Can you make contact with Le Fere and tell him what has happened? And tell him that we have an urgent cargo who is not unknown to him who needs to be returned to France?'
		'I will.' Jack climbed to his feet and emptied his cup of wine before leaving.
		'And now we have the awkward question of who will go with Christina?' James decided that the question must be faced. 'The task should be mine but I have a mother who is dying and I must see her before I consider going to France.'
		'The question is not a difficult one.' Carlisle was becoming tired of the never ending questions. 'I will accompany Christina. My home here is destroyed and I will not return to my house in plague-ridden London until the disease is gone.'
		'Well if you insist on coming,' Christina sighed but it was a sigh of relief without any argument against it for she had never relished journeying across France to Orleans on her own. She had already experienced travelling alone across France when she journeyed to England and she had never looked forward to repeating the experience.'
		'I do insist upon it.' He made sure that there was no doubt in her mind.
		'But you do not speak French? And I am not sure that my French alone will get us by and not attract suspicion to you?'
		Riley climbed to his feet and decided that there was perhaps another way. 'I am sure Captain Le Fere would offer the use of some of his men to guide you across France.'
		'That seems like a sound idea.' Carlisle agreed as he  rubbed the stubble on his chin.
		'It does,' Christina agreed with him. 'If they can be trusted. Better to have me with you.'
		'Very well,' Carlisle smiled, 'I accept your offer and I make no apologies if you tire of my company.'
		'Oh I am sure that I will not.' She thought of their turbulent times together particularly when he climbed onto her bed with her when they were on their way to Naseby. 'It is good that you accept my offer so graciously.' She smiled.

The servant woman who had been attending Susanna now appeared in the doorway with a very anxious look on her face. Carlisle went straight over to her and knew from the look in her eyes and the way that she was chewing her bottom lip that it was not good news.
		'Susanna?' He asked in a half whisper.
		'She needs you,' the girl nodded. 'And she needs you now.'
		Carlisle hurried upstairs to the chamber where Susanna lay and sat beside her on her bed where he could see that she looked as if she had deteriorated at an alarming rate. And the out-of-breath woman who had followed in Carlisle's footsteps shook her head in a manner which told Carlisle what he had not asked and had not wanted to hear. Susanna, nevertheless, made clear what to her was obvious.
		'I think I will be gone from this world very soon.' She closed her eyes for just a moment. 'Such a pity that matters have turned out how they have. You would have made a good father.'
		'What?' He was confused. 'You are delirious and must rest.'
		'I am beyond rest, I am with child and the child is yours but will not be born.' For the first time in their relationship Susanna detected tears in his eyes but she did not draw attention to them. 'I am only sorry that I have let you down.'
		'You have never let me down,' he held her hand tightly. 'You know me well enough and I have lusted after many women but all during these past years I have loved and returned only to you.'
		'Then I will die in peace knowing that.' She swallowed her emotions. 'And now to more practical matters which I must know are arranged before I depart this earth.' She watched his watery eyes look hard into hers. 'My sister Sarah must know what has become of me and only you can deliver that devastating news.'
		'Or James?' he threw in the obvious alternative for Susanna had not been in the room when he had made his promise to go to France with Christina..
		'James would tell her well. Sarah would like that.' She chewed her bottom lip and winced with the pain which was racking her torn body and the fact that she could find no good reason for Carlisle not carrying out the task himself.
		'But only if I find that I am delayed for whatever reason,' he lied for he knew exactly what the reason was. 'For it would be unfair for Sarah to remain ignorant of your fate for any longer than is necessary.'
		'I suppose so', she managed a nod, 'and so perhaps we ask James to tell her about my fate?'
		'There is another who could carry out that task. I propose Françoise?' He offered another solution.
		'A perfect choice,' she smiled a nod in his direction. 'Françoise always did have a good relationship with Sarah as she did with me. I will let you make that decision.' Her eyes half closed as the pain from her back suddenly became worse. 'Tell me what happened after we were attacked at your house?' She suddenly found the energy to ask.
		Carlisle told her all that he knew including what few details he had about the woman who had spoken to Françoise during her captivity. 		
		'It takes very little imagination on my part,' she forced a smile, 'to realise who the woman was. Perhaps because I alone have spent time with her more recently than anyone else. 'The woman was Eleanor York.'
		'Are you sure?'
		'Of course, and I am surprised that you did not realise it yourself for she has been to your house and stolen documents which may condemn Christina. It must be her for I can think of no better candidate who would have the desire and the need to do what has been done.' And yet again Susanna closed her eyes as exhaustion and pain overtook her and the fingers of death crept towards her. Carlisle stayed with Susanna for the next few hours knowing that she was drifting from him.
-----
The night was spent in a relatively gloomy mood for Jack Miller had returned with news that Captain Le Fere had agreed most happily to let 'Le Marseilles' remain anchored off the usual beach at midnight the following day after which time Christina with just a little baggage would be carried in a cutter to the side of the ship where she would climb aboard and make her way from England and to uncertain safety. Le Fere had also agreed that he would readily offer the assistance of two of his most trustworthy men to accompany Christina and Carlisle to anywhere in France they felt the need to go. Le Fere was risking much by leaving his ship in full daylight off their usual beach. He was concerned that Parliament's navy may appear on the seas close by his own ship. The English navy was now under the control of Parliament and not the king. Christina was wanted by Parliament  so too was any ship which was suspected of smuggling. Le Fere knew that his own ship was no match for speed against that of an English man-of-war carrying out the work of the custom's men.
-----
Susanna and her unborn child died at four in the morning as she rested in the arms of the man who had always loved her - the man whom she had always dreamed of making a life with and the man who would undoubtedly in her eyes have made a good father to her child. She didn't regret much in her life but not seeing her sister Sarah ever again was one of those regrets. As far as her death was concerned she accepted it with a certain degree of peace for she knew she had not been well for some time and would not live a long life so in that respect she was grateful for dying the way she did.
------
A little after midnight all those who were involved in Christina's safety were on their usual beach whilst Riley did what he always did which was to take on the role of lookout on the dunes. This time, however, he was not unduly concerned about customs men for on this night there would be no smuggling and therefore no activity to arouse suspicion of landing contraband. Françoise was one of the few who was on the beach but she was only there to say farewell to Christina and Carlisle for God alone knew how long. It wasn't long before the small boat with its sorry occupants left the shore and made its way towards Le Fere's ship. James had also decided to go in the boat so that he could spend as long as possible with his Christina and say his farewell to her on board ship.

Once they reached the ship's side Carlisle easily climbed onto the deck from the tiny boat  followed by a much more difficult climb by Christina who could not help but remember the last time she had tackled the side of the same ship some two years before. It was only a moment before James was at her side and all the boat's occupants had joined Le Fere on the deck and Le Fere made to go into his cabin where he had ordered a good wine to be set aside.

James took Christina onto the main deck of the ship and both made their way to the bow where they could be totally alone for what was intended to be their final farewell to each other. As James held her close to him his eyes scanned the horizon in the direction of the beach where they focused on a flashing light.
		'That does not look good.' James warned her before she had time to say her final farewell to him. They had been so preoccupied with the signal from the beach that they had not noticed Le Fere watching the same activity from outside of his cabin.

Back on the beach Riley had set his eyes on what he was sure were Parliament's men and although there was no smuggling actually going on he didn't want to risk his boat bringing James back to a beach which was busy with their enemy. He began to wave his lantern left and right as they had agreed he would if he felt it was not safe for them to return from the ship.
		'James you will have to stay on the ship tonight.' Le Fere gave up staring at the beach and approached them both. 'I am supposing that your customs men are on or near the beach so we will share some more wine and sit it out here until the morning when it is hoped that the way will be clear for you to return ashore.
-----
A few hours later and shortly after sunrise Françoise left Riley's place with the sole intention of finding and recovering the necklace which Jacob had given to her and which she lost during the rough handling of her by her abductors. Although she knew that she would find the barn where she had been held captive abhorrent to her the recovery of the jewellery which Jacob's mother had once owned filled her mind with intentions to recover it at all costs. The route she took would take her past the inn which carried the name 'The Outlook' before she would reach the nameless inn where she so recently came to grief although that grief was not as harsh as it might have been. As she continued to relax in her saddle with her own thoughts flooding her head she was not to know that Jacob had followed her and was only a short distance behind her with a number of his most trusted men by his side. And although she could not have known it at the time this fact would turn out to be her salvation. Once Françoise reached 'The Outlook' she decided that the time was good to give her horse a drink as the day had grown quite hot. Since she was already known to the owner of the inn she was left alone as she filled a large tub from a well so that her thirsty horse could enjoy the cooling drink. With only the sound of the waves on the beach washing around her she watched in her own silence as a woman on horseback appeared in the distance to the east. For a moment the figure took second place in her mind as Françoise's attention turned to her horse as it nudged her arm in anticipation of being offered some water.

Some moments later and with her horse's thirst satisfied Françoise's eyes fixed once again on the rider in the distance, a figure which was clearly female and now much closer and no longer alone for there were at least four others close behind her. For no reason whatsoever Françoise decided that she would be much safer if she was on her horse rather than in the vulnerable position which she was in with her feet on the dusty track. With her young athleticism in control of her movements she once again settled into the comfort of her saddle and for added protection she allowed her right hand to come to rest on her flintlock pistol - a weapon which she had never before used.

Françoise had rarely been lost for words at any tine in her life but now she was rendered speechless as her eyes fixed on the approaching Eleanor York. Instinctively  Françoise's finger found the trigger of her pistol even though she knew it would do no good whatsoever against the four  riders who accompanied her enemy.

		'My dear Lady Hanover,' Eleanor smiled an unpleasant smile as she brought her horse to a standstill a dozen paces from her. 'We meet again!'
		'We both know that there is no joy in that.' The younger woman did not return Eleanor's smile – pleasant or unpleasant.
		'It is so nice to see you and such a pity that you are not the Hanover woman who I so much wanted to meet.' Her accompanying riders fell in behind Eleanor.
		'I had not expected to see you again in these parts after our last meeting.' Françoise was determined to stand up to her.
		'I am surprised that you do not understand how resolute my determination is to claim your sister. We wait here for more men to assist us in our endeavour.' She glared at Françoise. 'We will succeed and your sister will be in our clutches sooner than you and your friends might imagine.'
		'You are too late.'  Françoise found some confidence and bravery from somewhere inside. 'My sister has escaped your clutches and even now is on her way to France.' She lied knowing full well that the ship was still anchored where she last saw it.
		'I see,' Eleanor nodded a defeatist acknowledgement. 'Well she may be safe for now but only as long as she remains abroad and even then she may not be safe.' She hinted at some secret which only she could know.
		'You are speaking in riddles. I do not understand you.'
		'Of course you do not understand me. You never will until it is too late.' She cocked her head to one side as she studied her foe. 'You poor thing!' Eleanor laughed. 'My words are tormenting you. And now I see that you are not alone?' Eleanor nodded in a direction over and beyond Françoise's shoulder. Françoise looked over her own shoulder and was rather pleased to see Jacob and his men nearby and all were well armed.
		'Enough of these riddles Eleanor, let me steer this conversation in the direction which it must go. 'You must give up this insane desire to remove my sister from this world.'
		'I cannot - you know that better than any other woman alive save for Christina for she is the one woman who stands between me and my happiness with Harry.
		'She would give Harry an annulment, I know she would.'
		'Harry will not tolerate the scandal of a divorce and so she must die. It is the only way. And besides.....'
		'…..besides what?' Françoise eyed her suspiciously.
		'Most of the lands and estates Harry calls his own are owned by Christina. You know that?'
		'I do know that yes but surely it would be a small price for Harry to pay to secure a divorce?'
		'As far as Harry is concerned it is no small price. He will not accept the scandal and the loss of property.'
		'Unless Parliament grant him a divorce and sequestrate all my sister's estates.'
		'We cannot count on that.' Eleanor shook her head.
		'Well we will never see eye to eye on this.' Françoise gave in. 'Think about what I have said and try to give up this insane desire for vengeance that blackens your heart.'
		'No!' Eleanor was quite adamant with her response.
		'Frankly,' Françoise grew tired of their conversation with a long sigh. 'I do not know why I do not just shoot you here and now and have done with your calls for my sister's death.' She pointed her pistol at Eleanor's head but not with any real intent. 'I have the strength and determination to do it but I have a mind to not to do it because that just reduces me to your level, nevertheless it would be so much easier for all concerned in this sorry tale if I were to turn my pistol on you and fire!....' 

And there the conversation ended in a manner which startled Françoise because of its violence. 

One of Eleanor's men, whether by accident or desire, or instigated by a sudden movement of his horse, or more likely because he heard the word “fire” from the lips of Françoise let loose his own pistol roughly in her direction, but only roughly for the musket ball did not hit her. Jacob responded by firing his own pistol so successfully that his target, the man who had fired the first shot, fell to the ground in mortal agony. Françoise, fearing for her own life, reacted to the violence by firing her own pistol towards Eleanor's head and she was left open-mouthed as Eleanor fell to the ground. The two groups of riders fired more shots, mostly indiscriminately, before turning and fleeing in the direction from where they had come. Behind them lay Eleanor in a pool of blood.

The recovery of her lost necklace drained from her thoughts and was replaced with an overwhelming desire to leave the place of killing. The blood red of Eleanor's wound became her only reminder of the blood red of the large stone in her lost necklace, and with that single thought in her mind she had every expectation that Jacob would understand why she had to abandon her search for his gift to her.
-----
Far away in Oxfordshire at Warrick House Sarah couldn't sleep and finally had no option other than to share her thoughts with Nan her personal maid, and with that in her mind she knocked on Nan's door and entered. It was something that she had never done before for she always respected her maid's privacy and solitude.
		'Nan I am in need of company now, and I need to talk to you.' She grabbed the woman by the arm and almost dragged her out of her room. 'I am concerned about so many things and you have always been a good friend to me.'
		A moment later Sarah had taken wine and cups from the kitchen and persuaded Nan to do what servants would never normally be permitted to do which was to sit in a chair opposite her mistress by the dying embers of the fire and drink wine.
		'I am worried.' Sarah suddenly admitted, 'and I have nobody to talk to but you on a matter which will affect you.'
		'My lady?' Nan cocked her head to one side as her question left her lips.
		'Drink your wine Nan it is not a medicine to be avoided. You will enjoy it.' She watched the woman offer the cup to her lips and take the tiniest of sips. 
		'What can you possibly be worried about my lady? You have a fine daughter and you are in fine health.'
		'Yes but my fine sister and fine lover are not here.' She mimicked Nan's use of the word 'fine'. 'And there is one more thing........'
		Nan found the courage to interrupt her mistress, '…..'James will come when he can and Susanna will be home soon. I am certain on both counts.'
		'Well you may be right but it certainly is not like Susanna to fail to contact me for so long.'
		'And the other matter my lady?' Nan decided that she did indeed like the wine for it gave her confidence to talk to Sarah almost as an equal..
		'We will need Margaret's services again I am afraid - as a wet-nurse nothing more.' She watched Nan's mouth fall open. 'I am with child.'
		'I see.' Was all that Nan could find to say.
		'And before you start preaching to me about the virtues of marriage I must disappoint you for that will not happen to this child's father.' She placed the palms of both hands over her belly. 'The father is James, the same James who for five years has refused to marry me for he loves another.'
		'You are quite certain he is the father?' Nan was astonished to find how much confidence the wine was giving her.
		'Nan!' Sarah’s voice grew louder. 'What can you be thinking of me? I am no whore and well you know it. I may be James' mistress, something which I swore I would never be, and that I cannot help, but I am no whore.'
		'Does he know?'
		'Of course he does not know! He has not been here since the last time we.....'
		'….I think you have said enough!' Nan cut short her mistress's explanation. 'The finer details of you and James' activities in your chamber are not for my ears.'
		Sarah fell to silence as she watched a full moon climb into the black of the night and she didn't really know if her conversation with Nan had been a success or not. And as her blue eyes watched the blackness of the sky she wondered what her lover and father of her child was doing at this moment.
---- 
Captain Le Fere woke up James and Christina with a loud knock on their cabin door alerting them to the fact that it was time for James to make his way back to shore.
		'We must get you to safety James.' Le Fere opened the cabin door on their nakedness but it seemed not to bother him. 'Make all haste if you please James and say your farewells to Christina for the tide is good and the beach and dunes appear to be deserted. There is a heavy swell building and I am keen to get away' He closed the cabin door again in the hope that they would dress, something which they did not do for a few moments.
		'There is something I must tell you.' Christina rested her elbows on James' chest as her breasts crushed against his nakedness. 'And I must tell you now because I am sure that you will not come to France with me.'
		'And what is this matter which you seem to think is urgent?' He smiled into her eyes.
		'I am with child – your child.' She swallowed hard as the awful realisation that she was about to say farewell to him finally overwhelmed her. 'I am having your son or daughter and there is no question that you are the father.' He watched tears begin to form in her eyes. 'And one day we shall be together again – in France or in England it does not matter which, and then you will see how fine our child is.'

A beam of early morning sun suddenly flashed across Christina's naked back as the cabin door was thrown open once again. 'We have a visitor.' Le Fere couldn't care less that his guests were still naked. 'You have a visitor.' He corrected his wording. 'Come.' He abandoned the cabin knowing that in a few moments they would both be by his side.

 Christina and James found Le Fere leaning over the side of the ship with his eyes fixed on something that they could as yet not see. As the ship rose and fell in the swell of the sea a woman struggled to climb up the side of the vessel but due to her youth she accomplished her task without too much effort, She did, however, have the help of Carlisle who had arrived in the boat with her which is where he remained as he fell into a conversation with Jacob. A moment later the woman had both of her feet firmly on the deck and she set her eyes on a confused Christina and an equally confused James.
		'Christina Norfolk?' She ignored James. 'By process of elimination you must be her?' She smiled.
		'The same.' Christina wrinkled her forehead and began to chew her bottom lip.
		'My name is Bridget – Bridget Cowpepper.' She curtsied to them both whilst ignoring for a moment Captain Le Fere.
		'Cowpepper?' James and Christina found themselves calling out together.
		'Matthew Cowpepper of Oxford. I am his daughter and I come with urgent news which my father had need of relating to you for he feared that you were about to depart for France.'
		'Your father was right.' Christina set her eyes on the girl and found her to be most attractive and not at all like her father except perhaps for her nose which, although attractive bore a distinct similarity to her father's nose.
		'And what is this story which is so important that you risk your safety by coming here and climbing up the side of a ship?' James invited a response from her.
		'It is not for your ears Sir,' she explained. 'Or should I say it is not for me to tell you. My father was most specific with his insistence that you are not to hear this story from my lips.' She watched as confusion swept across the faces of her listeners. 'Of course if my Lady Christina then chooses to tell you my story by her own lips then that would be her choice but it s not mine.' She watched James hesitate. 'I insist.' She glared at him. 'My father insists.' She finished her demand.
		'Come.' Le Fere put an am around James' shoulders and escorted him to the stern of the ship. 'A cup of wine so that I can say farewell to you in my cabin.' He was clever enough to know that James' absence from the two women was paramount if they were to depart the English coast without further delay.
		'We cannot be long for I do not like the look of the weather approaching us from the east.' He looked over his shoulder at the dark sky in the direction where his ship would soon be headed. His eyes fell for a moment on the two women before his concentration returned to James. 'As soon as this Bridget woman has finished her business with Christina, whatever that business may be, we must be on our way and you must head for the shore.'
		Bridget watched the two men disappear into Le Fere's cabin before she began her explanation. 'Your cousin Rachel Hanover wrote a journal, I have her journal here,' she held up a leather bound book, 'This is it and I am told that you have seen it before?'
		'I have.' Christina replied but almost in a whisper.
		'My father is convinced that you did not read all of it. You did not read the last page?'
		'Your father is right.' Christina swallowed hard. 'I read very little of it for it was not mine to read.' She watched Bridget offer an understanding nod before she continued with her explanation.
		'Your late cousin Rachel gave birth to a daughter less than one year after her stay with you and your husband in France. All that is missing is the address where the little girl can be found.' She watched an unmistakable sign of shock sweep across her listener's face.
		'My husband's child?' Christina found her words after a moment – a moment during which she gained some strength from holding on to the side of the ship.
		'Who sired the child is of no legal consequence as far as my father is concerned, but yes Rachel claims in her journal that he is the father. You did not know?'
		'No.' She swallowed hard before continuing. What do you mean “no legal consequence”?
		'Rachel was never married and certainly not to your husband therefore the child is a bastard and cannot inherit any lands or estates save for those that may be bequeathed to her.' She watched as Christina nodded an acceptance of the fact. 'But without the address of where the child is we can do nothing.' Bridget seemed to accept defeat in the matter. 
		'You are wrong my dear Bridget.' Christina watched as a questionable look washed across the young girl's face. 'The address is not missing.' Christina marched across the deck and disappeared momentarily into the cabin where she had spent the night with James. Bridget's eyes followed her as the ship's crew busied themselves making their ship ready for departure.

Christina reappeared and held up her document for Bridget to read. 'I was given this some time ago by Rachel's sister as she lay on her deathbed. It is the last thing that Rachel penned and the last thing that her sister Maria was able to give to me.' She watched Bridget's brown eyes peer out through her dark brown hair as she scanned the document with her silent lips mouthing the words.

I am to die this morning. The guards have allowed me this parchment and a little ink. I trust in God that you will get this.
It is my secret and all is explained in my journal save for this address,

The couvent des filles Dieu, Paris

I beg you to bring her home. God bless you.

		'Without the journal it was meaningless.' Christina admitted and I could do nothing with it.
		'And without the address the last page of the journal was meaningless.'
		'And now the two are united.' Christina had an air of success about her response.
		'And so I must continue,' Bridget had not yet finished. 'I must tell you what Rachel explained on the last page of her journal. The words are mine not hers.' She found the relevant page in the journal. 'The child is called Rebecca Norfolk and can be found in Paris. Rebecca was born in 1639 after my affair with Christina's husband in 1638. Rachel would have been close to twenty years of age at the time.' Bridget's brown eyes focused on Christina as she continued with her interpretation of the journal as she followed the ink with her finger. 'That would make Rebecca eight today. Rebecca was adopted by an English couple – Sir Geoffrey of Monmouth and his wife Eleanor when she and Sir Geoffrey lived in France. '
		'Eleanor?' Christina's mouth fell open as she remembered that Eleanor had been married to Sir Geoffrey. 'Eleanor York?' She repeated her question.
		'The same.' Bridget dismissed any doubt that might have existed. 'They adopted Rebecca because she was the daughter of an English mother and Eleanor could not have children of her own. When Sir Geoffrey died Eleanor put Rebecca in your Convent of the Filles Dieu before she moved back to England and began her pursuit of Henry Norfolk - your husband once he had departed from you in France.' Bridget took her eyes from the journal and focused instead on Christina. 'It is my father's desire that you rescue Rebecca from Paris and place her in the safe keeping of Rachel's half-sister Sarah Richmond.' Bridget knew of course from her father that Christina was aware of the relationship between Rachel and Sarah for Cowpepper had told Christina two years ago. Bridget chose not to remind Christina of the fact or elaborate on it for that was not part of her father's instructions to her.
		Christina shook her head, not because she would refuse to liberate Rebecca but because she did not like Sarah and never had.
		'And you will need these.' She handed over a purse and a sealed document. 'A document written by my father explaining that you have the authority from Rebecca's mother's lawyer to take the child from the convent.'
		'And this?' Christina stared at and pointed to the purse.
		'Money, the good ladies at the convent will feel better able to hand over the child if they are paid for their troubles.' She spoke silently to herself as if she were counting down the number of things which she had to tell Christina. 'One thing more,' Bridget made ready to leave the ship. 'I kept all of this secret from James because that was what my father desired. James would not accept a daughter of his father's murderer growing up at Warrick House which is so close to his own house. He must not know who Rebecca is and must never know.' She finished her warning.
		Christina could not banish from her mind how Cowpepper had known she was about to leave the shores of England and it was a question which she felt Bridget must answer. 'It is fortuitous is it not that I am about to return to France for it exactly fits with your father's plans for little Rebecca? How did he know I was about to set sail for my homeland?'
		'He knew.'
		'How did he know?'
		'He has his contacts. I will say no more.'
		'His contacts who have been spying on me?'
		'It matters not.' Bridget let out a frustrated sigh. 'For my father would have asked you to go and fetch the girl from her convent now that we have the address, no matter what your plans had been. He would have insisted upon it.' She watched Christina chew her bottom lip. 'If it makes it any easier for you my father told nobody about your plans to sail to France and when he did find out his only remark was “How convenient”. So your secret was always safe in our hands.
		'Perhaps.' Was the only word that Christina could find to end their conversation.
		'Oh I almost forgot,' Bridget had decided that their conversation was not yet at an end, 'My father did not read the entire journal so I must return it to him. There may be more in it than he or you have knowledge of. Who knows, Rachel may reward us with further revelations!' And with that as a final possibility Bridget offered Christina a short curtsey before she made her way to the side of the ship from where she had so recently appeared.

Christina began her tearful farewell to James as he embraced her closer than he ever had before.
		'Goodbye my James,' her lips touched the side of his face, 'I will always love you and so too will my child.' The tears began to run down her cheeks. 'Be safe.'
		'I will.' He tore his eyes from hers and turned to go whilst still holding her hands. 
		'Until the three of us meet again.' She finally and reluctantly let go of his hands. 'Think only of me.' She swallowed her emotions as she looked out towards the beach and dunes and beyond where, further to the west - and she could not have known it - Eleanor lay in a pool of blood on a remote road. Had Christina been furnished with that fact she would have rightly asked herself if there was any need to escape to France if her enemy was dead. And then she would have reminded herself that she would still have gone to Paris on her humanitarian mission to bring Rebecca home and so satisfy the dying wish of her enemy cousin.

As Carlisle rejoined the ship Bridget completed her farewells and made to climb down the side of the ship just like Christina had in 1645, and as the sails began to be unfurled by the crew only to be instantly filled by the  morning breeze which came from the east, Christina fell into one of those rare moments in her life where she was lost for words. She had just said farewell to the man she loved. She was about to sail back to France with a man whom she did not love. She was with child – James' child – and she had been left with the task of finding and bringing home the daughter of her deceased cousin Rachel and handing her over to the woman who had always loved the man whom she now loved. And she could never tell James that Rebecca was the daughter of the woman who murdered his father. 











































BOOK 3
THE TRAITORESS
- BRINGING HOME REBECCA























1. THE ENGLISH CHANNEL
THE 22nd JUNE 1647 

A storm was approaching her ship from the east – she could see it with her own eyes and Captain Le Fere had told her it was coming yet she could not have known that it was a storm which would cause her great pain and put her very life in danger.

With the cacophony of pre-voyage noise all about her Christina Norfolk watched in fascination as the anchor was raised and sails released unfurled high in the rigging. A strong swell, which had been increasing all day, began to lift and lower the ship quite alarmingly which was having a detrimental effect on Christina's' stomach. She could only suppose that the storm was going to get worse. Ignoring as best she could her unsteady legs Christina allowed herself to look out on the shrinking coastline which they were leaving behind – something that she had not done with the French coast on her reverse journey some two years before, and the reason for that was that she didn't have the same feeling, the same affinity, with France as she did with England.

Christina thought about the two years which she had spent in England and what exactly she had achieved. She had crossed the channel in 1645 to learn of the death of her cousin Rachel Hanover by execution and her attempt to achieve some revenge for her cousin's death. Her desire for vengeance had been driven mainly by her own hot-headiness and at the end of a painful experience she had achieved precisely nothing. The one good thing which had come out of her adventures were that she had fallen in love with her cousin's one-time lover James Sutton. She was now returning to France in an attempt to escape the clutches of her Parliamentarian enemies – Eleanor York and Christina's own estranged husband Sir Henry Norfolk. She could not possibly have known that going back to France would not secure her safety for her enemy's deeds had ensured that she would still be in danger once she set foot on French soil.

As she continued to observe the activities of her busy crew another thought – a more positive note - occurred to her. Whilst it was certainly true that she had failed to gain the revenge she so desired for a cousin who now lay in an almost unmarked grave in Oxfordshire perhaps Christina would not fail her after all? She  was about to bring home Rachel's daughter from lonely obscurity and that, surely, would allow her dead cousin's soul to find some peace at long last without any vengeance for her death having been achieved.
 
She fixed her eyes on the coast of England as a myriad of emotions swept over her. In her mind it was true that she was now very likely safer from those who might have done her harm yet she was leaving James behind – the man whom she loved and the father of the child which grew inside her. And for company she had with her Carlisle – a man she could never love but she respected him none-the-less and valued the protection which he would give her, She was so preoccupied with her feelings that she failed to see Captain Le Fere approaching her.
	'My Lady?' He placed a hand on her shoulder which drew a startled gasp of breath from her. 'Come I have food and wine in my cabin.'
	'Not food!' She shook her head. 'I am as sick as when I came across these waters in the other direction some two years ago which you must remember well?.'
	'Wine then?' He smiled knowing she would not refuse. 'You cannot refuse - it is the very best that I have.'
	'I will take some wine with you,' she returned his smile with a nod, 'even if it makes me sick, and only on the condition that you continue to speak English. My French is even worse than it was two years ago when last we spent time together!'
	'One thing more?' He put out a hand to hold her back. 'Your man Carlisle seems melancholy, what is troubling him?'
	'Ah!' Christina pursed her lips. 'Trouble indeed. Some hours ago Susanna, the woman he loved, died.'
	'How did she die? Some illness?'
	'Not illness, no, She died of injuries sustained the night that Carlisle's house was attacked.'
	'Then I am surprised he is coming on this journey?' Le Fere rubbed his chin as he always did when in thought.
	'Susanna knew she was dying and she made him promise to come with me for my protection. And although he does not know it yet he will be a great asset to me in my quest to find and keep safe my cousin's daughter who has been abandoned in Paris'.
	'Your cousin's daughter?' Le Fere clearly had no idea of her plans for Rebecca.
	'Of course, you would not know, and Bridget Cowpepper has only recently told me. I will tell you and I will of course tell Carlisle but James, should you ever come across him again, must never know.' She set her eyes on the horizon as she prepared to tell him her secret.

A few moments later Le Fere understood what she had to do and he gave his promise to keep the matter secret from James if the need arose.
	'Carlisle is more than capable of helping me carry out my task with my aid and French language.'
	'It is a great responsibility that has been placed on your shoulders, and his when you tell him.'
	'I know,' she nodded, 'but for my part I do not mind if it will bring comfort to the girl, and comfort to the soul of my dead cousin Rachel.'

Le Fere led her to the relative comfort of his cabin where he seated himself in a chair which gave him a good view of the growing storm from the windows at the stern of the ship. Some moments later Carlisle joined them and their conversation began with Christina telling the story of Rebecca to Carlisle, and of course what he and she must do.

	'I have decided to take the ship to the port of Dieppe rather than Calais.' Le Fere filled three silver goblets with wine as Christina finished her story and Carlisle began to absorb the enormity of what he had just been told..
	'I see.' Christina took a wine cup and offered it to her lips.' Dieppe or Calais, it matters not where we berth I suppose.'
	'It does matter.' He shook his head. 'Not only is it close to my home in the County of Longueur, it is also well placed for Paris where you tell me the girl Rebecca can be found?'
	'Agreed.' Carlisle decided to have his say, having already accepted what he and Christina must do. 'Paris for the girl and then Orleans. I see no point in us going to my lady's home in Orleans only to return to Paris a short while later. The journey between the two cities is only two days but I see no gain in doing it twice.'
	'No of course not.' Christina could only stare into her wine and in the crimson liquid all she could see was the face of James.
	'How long has the girl been in the convent?'
	'Perhaps two years. They...' she almost spat out the words, '….'put her there just after Eleanor's husband died.'
	'And how old is the girl?' Le Fere rubbed his chin in thought.
	'Eight.'
	'And she has been in her convent for two years where she would only speak French?'
	'I suppose so.' Christina stared at the floor as she understood the meaning of his words.
	'Then you and Carlisle make a formidable team – you with your French and our friend here with his soldier skills for your protection.' He smiled at his understanding of their situation.

Having abandoned Le Fere's cabin for some fresh air on the main deck Christina's eyes scanned the coast where she caught sight of another ship approaching them from the east – a much larger ship than their own and the object of Captain Le Fere's interest as he joined her at the  port rail.
	'It appears that we have company.' He raised his eye glass and focused on the distant object.
	'Company?' Christina questioned him.
	'An English man-of-war and easily able to out-run us should I choose to make our escape.'
	'You talk in riddles, why should it choose to come after us?'
	'It may not, yet I have an uneasy feeling about it. All ships which were once part of your Royal Navy and under the command of your king have given their allegiances to your Parliament.'
	'But you have done no wrong. You are allowed to be in these waters.'
	'They may not think so. They may have been observing us for some time and are assisting your customs officers.'
	'There is another possibility.' Carlisle joined them.
	'Which is?' Christina stared at him as she held onto the rail to steady her legs as the swell of the sea grew in intensity.
	'You,' he sighed. 'They may have information that leads them to believe that you are on this ship and Parliament have finally caught up with you.'
	'If they come much closer,' Le Fere explained, 'they may well let off a warning shot for us to come about so that they can board us.'
	'And they will find Christina?' Carlisle was genuinely concerned for her safety.
	'They may,' Le Fere rubbed his chin as he developed a plan in his mind. 'But I would hide her well. Alternatively we could make a run for it, the weather is in our favour.'
	'I do not see it.' Carlisle shook his head. 'But you are the sailor not I'
	'We have an easterly wind and already our sails are set for a tack against the approaching storm. The English ship is running west with the wind and so it will have to make a full turn and adjust to the opposite wind direction.' He stared once again into the rigging before setting his eyes on the weather which they were heading into. 'This weather will turn into a storm soon and we will be enveloped by waves and cloud if I am not mistaken. Come Christina,' he had his plan of action already worked out, 'Time for me to show you where you must hide if they do decide to board us and my plan to out-run them fails.'
	'And my friend?' She suddenly took comfort from the fact that Carlisle was close to her.
	'He will become one of my crew and will take to the rigging where his lack of the French language will not be noticed.'

Le Fere took her hand and led her to a ladder which she had not before been down. A moment later the two of them were on their knees staring into what Christina felt was no better than a prison, which Christina felt resembled an abyss. Resting painfully on her knees due to the cramped condition of the deck where she had been led, she stared into the darkness below. She held the back of her hand across her open mouth to stifle any sound of terror which might escape her lips. What Christina was looking into was the sea soaked bowls – the rat-infested bilges of her French ship which was supposed to be taking her to safety not condemning her to hide from her enemies under the boards of the ship's lowest deck. But to her it was an abyss.
		'It will be dark and uncomfortable and you will get wet and have rats for company.' Captain Le Fere warned as he knelt next to her. 'But you should be safe because they will not find you if they come aboard.'
		'If?' She threw him a sideways glance.
		'It is possible the ship will leave us alone.'
		'So I may not have to climb down there?'
		'You may not.' He threw her a glimmer of hope as the poor light inside the ship grew darker as the worst of the storm approached. With the first shout that the foreign ship appeared to be leaving them ringing in his ears Le Fere led her back to the decks above where her understanding of the French language was good enough to tell her that all might be well as far as her safety was concerned. One of the crew had seen the English ship disappear into the low western sky and so they would not be troubled by the threat of a boarding party. Whilst Christina was able to wipe from her mind all thoughts of hiding in the depths of the ship that horror was simply replaced by another – the storm.

Over the next hour Le Fere took his ship closer to the Kent coast which allowed the foreign ship to pass them to the north and close to the Essex coast - no doubt it was heading for London. It was now certain that the ship was not going to turn in their direction and therefore presented to more danger to them.
   
As expected the weather deteriorated as their ship made its way in an easterly direction away from the Thames estuary before heading south towards France. The night sky darkened long before the sun would have sunk over the horizon aft of his ship and the wind grew to an ominous growl as it brought heavy rain with it. The swell of the dark sea increased in intensity and began to rise as wave after large wave crashed against the bow of the ship. After what seemed like an eternity but was in fact only a few hours Le Fere turned his ship towards Dieppe. And although such a manoeuvre was necessary for them to reach their destination it did mean that the weather was now striking their ship on the port rail. The new heading for the ship caused her starboard side to drop alarmingly towards the sea which allowed the waves to sweep across the decks and rush into the cabins.

Christina had taken shelter in Le Fere's cabin even before the ship had altered course and there she remained - alone as her  Captain's skills were required on the main deck so that he might keep his ship afloat. She took refuge in a cot and their she clung onto the sides of it and allowed her head to fall over the side of the furniture as her stomach heaved and deposited its contents onto the water flooded floor below. She wasn't sure if her sickness was a direct result of her pregnancy or sea sickness - or both. What she was certain of was that she had never felt quite so ill before in her life and she cared not what kind of a mess she had made of her gown or which contents of her stomach had washed around her mouth and face and red hair. Her condition was destined to last for some hours as the storm continued to increase in severity. At one point she rather stupidly tried to leave her bunk and make her way towards the cabin door and the invitation of fresh air albeit in the howling gale. As she stood unsteadily on her feet a wave which was larger than all those that had preceded it hit the port side and sent her crashing across the cabin floor until her head struck an upright and brought her uncontrolled slide to a halt. Christina felt a pain inside her womb and an equally sever pain on the side of her head. With the flow of blood from her wound streaking the side of her face she struggled to reach the safety of the cot once again which she finally accomplished after falling to her knees twice during her struggle. The cot and the soothing palm of her hand pressed against her wound gave some respite to her head injury but not to the damage which she felt she had inflicted on her unborn child. Her only consolation was that there was no bleeding from between her legs.

Christina knew that the ship was not in a healthy condition for she had heard Le Fere's voice to his crew on the deck above. The  main topgallant yard and main topsail yards were in shreds and the mainsail was missing. None of these details meant anything to her but such damage made his decision to dock in Dieppe a good choice for repairs to his ship could take place there. As the ship neared its destination the land to the east of them had the welcome effect of taking away some of the severity of the storm and rather than try to heave too and remain in the channel Le Fere decided to use his navigation and sailing skills to take his ship directly into the safety of Dieppe which he did with great success. Christina could not know what events were taking place on the decks above her for she remained too ill to even think about moving from her cot a second time. What she was aware of was that over a period of time the effects of the storm were abating and she was never more glad of it.

The injuries which Christina had inflicted on herself would dictate the events of the next week or so by delaying their journey out of Dieppe and so putting herself in considerable danger.  

Once in Dieppe Christina, still in much pain, was able to clean herself up before Carlisle entered Le Fere's cabin and invited her to leave the ship with him which she was very pleased to do. Le Fere and Carlisle took Christina to an inn which Le Fere knew well, an inn which was close to where his ship was berthed and its rigging receiving attention from those who were skilled in such work. As far as Christina could see the inn was nameless but that might well have been a lack of concentration on her part due to her weak condition from her sea voyage. She was yet to recover from her exertions on the ship and she was concerned that even with her feet on dry land she was feeling no better than she had in Le Fere's cabin.

Over the next few days Christina's injuries began to heal and the pain in her womb subsided but not her feeling of sickness and the onset of a fever which she kept to herself. During this time Le Fere made regular visits to his ship to supervise the required repairs and it was during one of his visits that he noticed an English ship berthing close to his own. With keen eyes for detail Le Fere made up his mind that he knew the ship for  he had seen it in both Bristol and London. His conclusion explained away the fact that he had heard English voices on both the quayside and further inland.

Seven days after their arrival in Dieppe Le Fere, Carlisle and Christina were taking a meal and a rather bitter wine on the ground floor of the inn where they were staying. It was the evening before Carlisle's and Christina's planned departure to Paris. Although Cristina had kept her illness and fever to herself outwardly her injuries appeared to have healed to such an extent that they felt it was no longer appropriate to remain in Dieppe – a fact which sat easily with Le Fere following his concern about the reasons for so many Englishmen being in the town and indeed in the very inn where Christina and Carlisle had been living. Le Fere was also concerned over the fact that two of his own men had overheard a conversation about the whereabouts of Christina Norfolk, a fact which he chose to keep to himself rather than put fear in the mind of Christina.

The events of the next half minute or so happened so quickly and followed an attempt by Carlisle to pay for their fare by placing money on their table for a serving wench to pick up. The young girl fumbled with the coins and could not help but let a number of the coins fall through her grubby fingers to the dirty floor. With so many untrustworthy people in the inn eyeing the fallen coins the girl hastily bent down to retrieve what was rightfully hers and as she did so a stranger called out in Christina's direction.
	'Lady Norfolk?' The stranger growled in English and watched her react to his calling by turning to face him. It was all the justification that the man needed as he aimed his pistol at her open mouth. As his finger closed on the trigger the serving girl, oblivious to what was about to take place behind her, climbed back to her feet having retrieved what money was rightfully hers. As she did so her shoulder knocked the pistol as it was fired. Christina slumped over her table as Carlisle leaped to his feet and watched Le Fere enter the inn. Le Fere's fleeting action was to run a knife across the throat of the man who stood between he and Christina. Carlisle took charge of the injured Christina whilst his Captain took charge of her assailant who was now dead with  a great deal of his blood washing across the stone floor. Out of sight of both Carlisle and the almost unconscious Christina Le Fere searched her assailant's coat and appeared to find an explanation for the man's attempt to kill Christina. He found a document which he quickly read before placing it in his own pocket, Some moments later and with the body of the unknown Englishman having been removed from the inn Le Fere watched Christina struggling to remain conscious. She had taken the shot in her shoulder but not so deep that the musket ball had remained there for quite clearly it had entered her shoulder at such a shallow angle that it had left her shoulder on the other side.
	'How bad is it?' Le Fere threw himself on the bench so that Christina was slumped between himself and Carlisle.
	'Not so bad.' Carlisle had slid his hand above her right breast and into the shoulder of her gown where his fingers rested  on her wound. 'A flesh wound only.' His hand stemmed the flow of blood whilst Le Fere's eyes fixed on the nakedness above her right breast before he took charge of the situation. The time for her modesty was gone as his hands tore at her gown around her shoulder and brushed Carlisle's hand away from the wound. He called out to the startled serving girl to bring water and dressings – preferably clean ones!. 
	'I agree,' Le Fere nodded as his own fingers found her wound. 'Much blood but a flesh wound nevertheless.'

A painful few minutes later Christina had stopped bleeding and her modesty protected once again with her gown back over her injured shoulder. It was now that Le Fere, satisfied at his dressing of her wound, made up his mind that it was time for their plans to be brought forward. Before he went into detail about what they must do to protect Christina's life he threw in an explanation about her attempted murder. As an aid to his story he handed Carlisle the document which he had earlier slipped into his own pocket.
	'I found this in the man's coat. I think you call it a pamphlet?'
	Carlisle read the document – he read it first to himself which caused him to nod an acceptance of its contents as a reason for the stranger's action, and then he read it aloud so that Christina could hear the explanation for herself.

A Reward
FOR THE
DEATH
OR
ARREST
of an 
ENEMY OF PARLIAMENT AND THE ARMIE OF PARLIAMENT 

Lady Christina Norfolk is understood to be about to flee  England and land in a French Port so that she can escape from punishment for being involved in a Catholic French plot to send aid to our hated and beleaguered King Charles
Printed in LONDON in 1647

Significantly, in Le Fere's mind the pamphlet was not written in French so the document's intended market was rather limited to only those who had the means and resolve to sail from England to France and wait there in the hope that Christina Norfolk would arrive in their port.
	'I am not certain that you will be safe in Orleans.' Le Fere announced noticing as he did so a distinct vagueness in Christina's eyes.
	'Can you be certain of that?' Carlisle gave his own reply for he too had noticed that Christina was clearly sick and would offer him no reply herself.
	'Not certain. No.' He ran the palm of his hand around his beard. 'Your task of course is to go to Paris and collect the girl, and quite obviously you must do that but as for you continuing your journey to Orleans? I am not so sure it it such a good idea.'
	'Why?' Carlisle continued to answer for Christina.
	'This pamphlet,' he spread it on the table, 'was printed in English in London and intended for Englishmen only, I suspect it has been paid for by someone who knows much about you.'
	'Eleanor?' Christina was able to struggle with a question of her own.
	'Or your husband?' Carlisle added.
	'Either.' Le Fere nodded. 'But it may be someone who is not yet known to us. Whoever it is we can be assured that they know of Christina's home being in Orleans  'There is an English ship berthed close to mine, the ship might be there in all innocence but then again it may not be in which case there will be others in the city who intend Christina harm.' 
	'So what do you suggest?' Carlisle was right to suspect that Le Fere had already made up his mind what to do.
	'Is there anyone you could stay with in Paris until we are certain that it is safe for you to continue your journey to Orleans or not as the case maybe?' He stared at Christina knowing that only she could answer it. 'You must answer?' He shook her back into semi-consciousness and she set her eyes on him.
	'I have a friend there.' She at last found her voice and winced as the pain in her shoulder reminded her that she was badly wounded. 'A good friend who will take me in for as long as I feel the need, she is someone I became acquainted with after Harry left me so he will not known of her.'
	'Then we are agreed,' Le Fere smiled, ' You shall go to Paris, collect the girl and then hide away at your friends house. You will of course tell me where that house is so that I might call upon you when it is safe for you to leave Paris.'

Christina fell back into unconsciousness as her illness took hold of her again. Her illness was so severe that she was moved to her room where some time later Le Fere  sent a woman to her who knew much about ailments and childbirth. The woman who spoke only French tended to Christina for a number of days during which the Christina fell in and out of consciousness. The woman who clearly had Christina's health uppermost in her mind was not sure if it was the wound to her shoulder or her experience on the ship during the storm which had brought on the fever. She was, however, convinced that Christina's baby was quite safe and not injured in any way and not the cause of her present illness.

Some days later Christina recovered sufficiently to be reminded of their conversation in the inn and their plans to take refuge in Paris. She was keen to make a start on their journey and so the time for Rachel's daughter Rebecca to be liberated from her convent and brought home was fast approaching no matter how much danger Christina was in.



TO BE CONTINUED IN BOOK 3

THE TRAITORESS –  HER LOVER'S SISTER 



















