The Stopover
Herbert Howard Jones


Copyright © Herbert Howard Jones 2020
The right of Herbert Howard Jones to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by him in accordance with sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, 1988.
This is a work of fiction. Opinions expressed in this book do not necessarily reflect the author’s own views.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Distributed by Smashwords.
Artwork by Herbert Howard Jones

Contents
An Old Friend
The Proposition
The Captain Comes Clean
Annoying Self-Pity
Off The Beaten Track
Little Voice Inside Her
More Question Marks
Heart To Heart
A White Flag
Getting There
A Third Party
Getting Serious
Bit Of Confusion
Not Very Comfortable
Something To Think About
Still Stuck In The Mud
When Decisions Go Awry
Looking For Answers
An Old Wish Come True
A Happening
Curious Uncle 
Putting The Past behind
Second Time Round
A New Future
About The Author


An Old Friend 

Dana lowered her head as she tried to hide her face. It was a case of literally not being able to believe her eyes, but her vision was too acute to be doubted. There he was, the dashing Captain Lex Favori strolling by the little table where Dana sat with her airline colleagues having a coffee in the airport café bar.
She smoothed down her strawberry blonde hair, now rather self-conscious in case he had seen her, and glanced up at the large airport arrivals board. An Alitalia flight from Rome to Catania, where flight attendant Dana was currently on stopover, had just landed not twenty-minutes ago. A handful of passengers had just disembarked including Lex Favori, who looked so unruffled that he might have been travelling deadhead, as a passenger pilot. He was carrying a little brown briefcase with him and as always, caught the eyes of the women as he confidently passed by.
Dana grimaced. He was such an annoyingly good-looking, immaculately turned out showoff that he clearly thought he was God’s gift. She kept her head down. Catania in Sicily was the last place she expected to see him, so what was he doing here? If you were to find Lex anywhere, it would be piloting commercial craft in the Americas or the more fashionable parts of Europe. Catania was like the Outer Hebrides to him!
‘You okay?’ Margot, her flight attendant colleague and best friend asked, sitting opposite her. ‘It looks like you’ve just seen a ghost!’
Beautiful hazel eyed Dana Kellna actually managed to look ugly for precisely three seconds as she said, ‘I think I have!’
Margot nodded reflectively. ‘It wasn’t that dishy captain with the slightly greying hair was it?  It wasn’t Lex your ex, was it? I couldn’t keep my eyes off his…’
‘Margot! Yes, it was. But he was far too old for me.’
Auburn haired, slightly plump Margot grinned. ‘Well if you don’t want him anymore, pass him around!’
‘Hmm!’
‘What was he like in the feathers?’
‘Margot, is that all you think about? I already told you it was all great, but it came to an end. Sadly. You should try settling down yourself instead of being so slutty!’
Margot put her hand on Dana’s wrist. ‘Oh, listen to you! Look, what’s the point of travelling around the world if you don’t sample what’s on offer?’
Dana shrugged. ‘If you want him, help yourself.’ She checked her watch. They were having coffee as they waited to hook up with some of their other colleagues who worked for Dutch Airline, VLA – the one with the little green logo. Dana had been with them for several years, starting off as a stewardess, and then onboard chef and working her way up to general flight attendant. Not a locational leap, but a significant leap in salary.
At Catania, they had hired a large private taxi which was going to whisk them off to the Hotel Romero for a week of well-deserved rest. It had been a nightmare organising, taking into account all the different plane schedules, but Dana and Margot had pulled it off. Colleagues both on layover and stopover had been invited and they expected at least eight girls in all.
But already two more had arrived, having managed to deadhead or hitch a ride on Alitalia. Fortunately, Lex was no longer in sight, and so Dana stood up to greet them. ‘Hi girls! 
They all hugged, like a bunch of sorority seniors who hadn’t seen each other for ages, which was actually only a couple of weeks. Then the other four turned up shortly afterwards and it was like a happy reunion. There were even tears of joy, but more out of excitement for the anticipated few days of pure partying.
‘The taxi is outside all ready to go!’ Dana told them. ‘And there will be snacks and vino on board. You’ll all be drunk out of your skulls by the time we reach the hotel!’
They cheered at that which attracted the glances of several passengers in the terminal. Air hostesses misbehaving – unheard of! Then as a loud chatty group they all trouped through to the electronic exit doors as they followed Dana and Margot out to the awaiting taxi. 
Dana’s mind went back to her apparent sighting of Lex Favori. Or was it another man with a similar appearance? Two of the girls had just travelled on the aircraft that Lex had apparently been on, so she would quiz them later.
As they walked Dana recalled her last conversation with Lex, all those months ago. They had been a happy couple living together. Then he changed. He started complaining of feeling smothered and needed some time to think. However, it soon became obvious that he really wanted was to move on with his life without her. This was a bombshell of a shock as they had carefully and meticulously planned the rest of their lives together. To say that her heart had been broken was an understatement.
 Lex had been quite mechanically insensitive about it. He really wanted out, and he made her feel that what was wrong with their relationship was her fault. She, according to him, smothered him and this both shocked and surprised her.
Once she knew for certain that he was going to leave her, Dana realised that she too needed to get away. As she didn’t have any strings in England, apart from her mother and estranged father, she decided to change country altogether. So she plumped for Sicily, Catania specifically, but stayed with the same airline. Lex was a self-employed contractor within the industry and so worked for a number of airlines. But the chances of their paths crossing was small though still possible.
However, by an amazing coincidence, a long lost uncle Norman on her mother’s side, had moved to Catania over twenty years ago. In fact, he ran his own small bar with his wife Maria, and when Dana stumbled across him she didn’t even recognise him. 
It was he who recognised her, and so the bar – Grammaticos, became a handy venue Dana frequented when in town. They also served some of the best arancini, fried rice balls and meat sauce in the area. Although the bar had a modern refurbished exterior, the interior reflected local themes and was full of artifacts and quaint pictures.  
Dana became very close with her uncle’s wife and would help her out in the bar from time to time. They even provided her with some accommodation so that during any stopovers she didn’t have to stay at a hotel. Fortunately, there were lots of VLA flights to Catania and she managed to assign herself to as many of them as she could.
Catania was a dynamic place which was like a magnet for the young and there were lots of bars to compete with her uncle’s. But Grammaticos was more slow paced and appealed to older visitors. Dana noted that quite a few cabin crew staff from different airlines on stopovers would go there.
But what appealed to Dana almost equally as much were the great clubs, and she did love to dance. She believed it was the reason why she had such a slim figure. Also, the locals knew she worked for the airlines and warmed to her, and Dana became a bit of a mini celebrity. She was known as ‘that air hostess from Birmingham.’ 
After her twentieth or thirtieth stopover in Catania, she seriously started to consider whether she should settle down there and get another job. But nothing could compare to the pay she was getting with the airline. However, Catania enabled her to put her past and Lex Favori behind her. 
Her mother back in Birmingham, England were very active members of a local church and were always trying to get her involved. It was another reasons why she wanted to get away. Of course, she kept in regular contact with them, but life in Birmingham was fast becoming a memory.
Being with an airline often meant that people would seek her out, enquiring about travelling information. It made her think that she could open an office as a tour operator in Catania when she got tired of flying. But that possibility would be for much later.
More to the immediate point, her recent sighting of Lex, was very unsettling. What on earth was he doing in Catania? She just hoped that he wouldn’t turn up either at her hotel or in her uncle’s bar.
****
The hotel Romero couldn’t be more accommodating and Dana and her fellow flight attendants literally took over one of the larger suites. The proprietor laid everything on for them and even gave Dana a super cut rate. There was really nothing stopping Dana and her mates from having a damned good time.
For the next forty-eight hours that was exactly what they did; literally partying like there was no tomorrow. Nothing was out of bounds. They literally took in every worthwhile local venue, bar, dance club, beach hangout, café, clothes shop and street market. And as an added bonus there was plenty of free sun and no need to spend a fortune on sunbeds or saunas.
But as practiced a party-goer as Dana was, she couldn’t shake the forbidding feeling that she was eventually going to bump into Lex again. In fact, it got to the point that whenever they went out, which was every day, she was fearful that she would see him. Such was her concern that she quizzed the girl who had deadheaded on the same flight as Lex.
‘No, his name isn’t Lex,’ the girl said. ‘That’s Mark and he’s so fit for his age.’
‘Mark?’ Dana said confused. ‘No, his name is Lex. How old do you think he is then?’ Dana knew that Lex was forty three.
‘In his late thirties’ the girl replied. ‘Why?’
Dana had shrugged. ‘And he now calls himself Mark?’
‘Yeah, definitely,’ the girl told her. ‘He reminds me of that hunky cowboy in that tv series,’ the girl had said, and the subject was left at that.
Dana was determined that it wasn’t going to spoil her junket. She was also a hundred percent positive that it was Lex and just assumed the girl had got it wrong. However, he did look slightly different from the old Lex that she had known. But what were the odds that she would bump into him around town? Probably slight.
And then, despite her optimism, it happened when she least expected it. Dana had popped into her uncle’s bar to give them a hand during happy hour, drinks at half price, when she came face to face with him. Handsome Lex Favori, the man who had broken her heart. She was stunned but tried to remain in control of herself.
Strangely, he looked right through her as if he had never seen her before in his life.
‘I’ll have a Bud if you’ve got one,’ he said, and smiled a brilliantly white smile at her.
‘All out of stock, I’m afraid,’ she answered trying to keep her cool. ‘Can I offer you a Schlitz or a craft beer like birra Irias, very popular.’
‘Yes, okay,’ he replied. He then turned around and looked towards the quietly playing jukebox as if she was a total stranger. A normal person would have said, ‘Hi Dana, long time no see, how are you!’ But nothing.
Dana got his drink and took the ten euro note he gave her and returned some change. ‘There you are, sir,’ she managed to say. She couldn’t help staring hard at him. She was extremely perplexed to say the least.
‘Thank you!’ he replied.
He took the change and went and managed to find a seat at a table on his own, near two women who were dancing together. Dana couldn’t believe it. Either Lex had decided to act all weird or the man wasn’t Lex. But she had lived with him for two years and knew every nook and cranny of his handsome face, everyday crease and wrinkle. But what was amazing was that he now looked slightly younger, as if he had had some treatments. He didn’t look forty-three anymore, that was for sure.
Was he behaving this way because he felt guilty and was embarrassed at having bumped into her?  And if this was the case, was he likely to return to the bar? Unfortunately, Dana couldn’t just leave the bar, as she would have liked, so she moved to a corner where she was less conspicuous. She kept her eyes on him though, as he sat alone at the table.
She chatted with Maria, who was also serving at the bar, and continued to dutifully serve customers as they came up to refresh their drinks. Before long, Lex did the same thing, coming right up to her instead of Maria. This indicated to Dana that he was definitely the real Lex and did recognise her, but he was still determined to play this weird little game of his. 
‘Do you serve food?’ he enquired looking her straight at her. She stared back into his magnetic blue eyes, which she knew so well.
‘We always have arancini,’ she said indicating a heated glass case full of snacks built into the bar.
‘No, I meant a regular meal,’ he said with a frown. ‘Or a burger?’
She sighed. A burger could be procured if he really wanted one. But all she wanted to do now was get away. His behaviour was starting to annoy her. However, sticking a burger on the grill in the kitchen would get her out of the bar for a couple of minutes. 
She told Maria what she was doing and went out the back to the kitchen. She was starting to feel a bit agitated, upset at seeing Lex and offended by his ignorant behavior. 
By the time she had prepared the burger with some fries for good measure, she found that Lex had moved to another table. He was now chatting away to the two women who had been dancing. 
‘Burger!’ Dana suddenly announced to the customers and Lex turned, a big grin on his face and he came over to the counter again. ‘Oh, fries as well, thanks!’ And he put down some money which Dana quickly scooped up.
‘Keep the change!’ he said as he walked away.
Dana put all the money in the till not wanting to accept any charity from him, which was paltry anyway. She looked up at the ornate old clock on the back wall. She knew that she owed it to Maria and Norman to stay on for at least another half an hour. However, men tended to outdrink women in her experience, and so she expected Lex to come back to the bar for another drink at some point.
Sure enough he did, making a point to single her out, although Maria could easily have served him. He also brought back his empty plate and put it on the counter.
‘Can I get you anything else?’ Dana asked in a deliberately cold professional voice.
He appeared to be thoughtful for a moment. ‘Two vodkas another beer and some peanuts please, the ones with the coverings!’ But still he gave no indication that he knew her or had ever seen her before. If he was acting he was doing a pretty convincing job, she thought. Or perhaps he didn’t want to face the fact that he had deeply hurt her.
Lex took the drinks back to the two ladies who gratefully accepted their drinks, and everyone began to talk at the same time. They were clearly all getting tipsy and Lex had progressed to the point where he had his hands on their arms – he was in the middle. It was bit like a scrum, Dana thought. Clearly he had got lucky. 
Several more customers came up to be served and then as demand dwindled at the counter, Dana decided to take her leave. Lex and his newfound friends were still on their second drinks, completely ignoring her.  But Dana didn’t want to give him any more thought. 
She went out the back collected her handbag and a thin jacket and pecked her uncle and Maria on their cheeks. Then she went back to her hotel which was within a fifteen minutes walking distance. 
The Proposition
Despite the time, nearly twelve at night, the girls were still up; some were out clubbing, and others had their arms wrapped around men they had recently met. Dana smiled to herself – so what was new?
Dana was feeling a little bit tired after her stint in her uncle’s bar, so she got into her night things and made some cocoa with the room’s kettle. The proprietor of the hotel had kindly given them extra beds to accommodate the numbers.  Dana had managed to claim the bed in the room’s alcove which gave her some privacy. 
She sat on her bed drinking her cocoa listening to the girl’s conversation. It was the usual stuff, general chitchat and jokes at the expense of men who had tried to pick them up. The men present were also getting into frisky mode which Dana tried to ignore.
She idly picked up her mobile phone, when it suddenly buzzed. It was Margot who was  sitting on the floor on the other side of the hotel suite. ‘You okay?’
‘Yes, I’m fine,’ Dana replied.
‘You seem bit down,’ Margot texted. ‘It wasn’t that Lex was it?’
‘It sure was,’ Dana replied. ‘He came into my uncle’s bar where I was helping out!’
‘OMG!’ Margot typed back. ‘Did you speak to him?’
‘Served him a drink,’ Dana answered. ‘But I’ll tell you more later.’ She put down her phone and took a sip of her cocoa. To be honest she didn’t want to think about Lex. He was obviously an expert at meeting people, as witness his behaviour in the bar. Dana was probably the last person he was thinking of at this moment.
Then, quite unexpectedly, the chatter in the suite suddenly fell silent as someone in the hotel corridor pushed an envelope under their door. 
‘What’s that?’ one of the girls said going to retrieve it. ‘It’s a letter for Dana!’
Puzzled, Dana stood up and took it. Everyone in the suite was looking at her.
‘It’s probably the bill!’ one of the newly picked up men suggested.
Everyone laughed.
Dana sat back on her bed and opened the envelope which had her name on it. Conversation in the room resumed. She unraveled the note inside and read the neat handwriting:
‘Dear Dana, we met earlier in Grammaticos - I ordered two vodkas and some peanuts - and I was told that you have a considerable knowledge of Sicily. I gather you work for the airlines but are known to be helpful to tourists who come to this beautiful Island. So I wonder if you wouldn’t mind meeting me and my partners for a meal to discuss a business proposition. I enclose my mobile number at the bottom of this note. I would be glad to meet you at any venue of your choice and please bring a friend if it makes you feel safer. It could be very worthwhile for you financially. With very best wishes, Mark.’
P.S. I work for the airlines too.
As soon as Dana had read the signed name at the bottom of the letter she flung it down on the bed and clenched her fists. Margot, who was hovering nearby saw this.
‘You alright?’ Margot enquired with a frown. The room fell silent to hear Dana’s reply.
‘No!’ Dana said but didn’t add any more. The chatter in the room resumed.
Dana was pensive and quiet for several seconds and then decided to phone the number at the bottom of the letter. She had decided to take Lex to task for his stupid behaviour and basically tell to go take a hike. She called the number on her phone and it was answered straight away.
‘Hello,’ said Lex’s distinctive smooth voice.
‘I got your note,’ Dana begun bluntly, putting her cocoa down on the bedside table.
Everyone in the suite stopped talking to listen.
‘Is that Dana?’ Lex said. ‘You do remember me, don’t you? Mark, in the bar? Thanks for ringing back. Are you available? Do you think we could meet for a business chat? You’ve been highly recommended locally for your knowledge of the area. See I’m looking for an expert.’
Dana took a deep breath. ‘How did you know where I was staying?’
‘They told me in Grammaticos,’ Lex said.
‘Look, I’m not interested,’ Dana said. ‘So I would appreciate it if you didn’t contact me again, Lex!’
‘Have I offended you?’ Lex enquired ignoring her reference to his real name.
‘Offended me?’ Dana spluttered. ‘Are you joking?’
‘No,’ Lex replied genuinely sounding bewildered.
‘Why are you pretending to be someone else?’ Dana demanded. 
The hotel suite fell silent.
Lex paused and then said, ‘I think, Dana, we’ve got off on the wrong foot. My name is Mark Hastings, I’m a pilot and I want to start a business here in Sicily, and we are looking for a consultant who is knowledgeable of the tourist sector. We’ll be offering thirty thousand a year for starters plus bonuses based on business returns. If you’re interested please meet me at two pm at Grammaticos tomorrow. I will be with my lady partners, Sheila Cross and Gwen Farley. If you don’t show up I will assume your no is final!’ And with that the phone went dead.
Everyone in the suite had heard Dana’s grumpy responses. She put the phone down on the bed.
‘Dana?’ Margot enquired almost timidly.
Dana picked up her cocoa again. ‘I’ve just been offered a job!’
Margot smiled. ‘Oh!’
‘They want me to meet them tomorrow to discuss it!’ Dana said.
‘You’re not leaving VLA, are you?’ someone said.
‘Never,’ Dana replied. ‘But I might go along and see what the deal is.’
There was a moment of silence and then everyone started talking again. Dana repositioned herself on the bed and finished her cocoa. Lex said he would be with his two lady partners and he had chosen Grammaticos as the meeting place. Despite herself, Dana was curious enough to hear what they had to say. What could go wrong?  
If Lex tried anything funny, her uncle Norman would soon sort him out. Norm was a big ex-army man and his size unfailingly commanded respect.
After contemplating the proposal for a few moments, she decided that she would definitely go, if only out of curiosity. She dearly liked to know why Lex was here in Catania and why he was calling himself Mark Hastings and what was he planning to achieve? 
Even if it was a genuine business proposition, the last person she would want to work for or with was him. What sort of a crass idiot did he take her for? It made her quite angry, and it wouldn’t take much for her to give him a piece of her mind. 
She was tempted to have another cocoa, but it would keep her up all night. The girls and their male guests in the room were, by now. winding down their chit chat. The consensus was that it was time to get some sleep. 
She slowly climbed into her bed and considered how she was going to deal with the meeting with Lex and his partners. She was only prepared to indulge him to a limited extent, but would probably tell him that her answer to his proposition would be no.
But his acting, she had to admit, was quite convincing and it almost, though not quite, amused her that he was carrying on in this way.  What was he trying to achieve by being like that? Tomorrow, all would be revealed, but she was determined not to lose any sleep over it. 
The Captain Comes Clean
Looking through the suite’s large wardrobe, which she shared with the other girls, Dana took out a plain blue dress. She decided to wear it for the meeting with Lex. It was one of those straight-laced dresses which didn’t reveal anything. She also thought she would put on some pumps just to raise her height slightly.
Consulting her watch, she saw that she still had some time in hand to get dressed before the meeting. So she spent the time lazing about on the hotel balcony and gossiping with the girls. 
Talk was now about some new ‘guy’ that Kate, a VLA colleague, had met at the Zowie night club. Apparently, he had got seriously drunk and had really embarrassed her. They both ended up in the hotel pool. Dana grinned, mildly amused. This was the stuff of club 18-30 wasn’t it?
When it was getting close to the time of her meeting, she quickly got dressed in the ensuite. She came out feeling more empowered, which certain clothes tended to make her feel. The blue dress sent the message of ‘sensible’ and ‘I’m not easily amused’ to the world.  By comparison, swimwear tended to make her feel vulnerable. Her stewardess uniform, on the other hand, made her feel important.
She brushed herself down and re-examined herself in the large mirror in the lounge. She looked good, with her hair done up, but it wasn’t too enticing. She didn’t want Lex falling in love with her all over again!
Everyone in the suite wished her luck and she slowly made her way down to the hotel lobby and up the street towards her uncle’s bar. There was no doubt that she felt nervous and was convinced that this was just some ploy on Lex’s part to win her over again. 
If that was the case then this was not the way to go about it. Also, he had caused her so much hurt, she wasn’t simply prepared to give him a second chance.
As she walked she realised that the little St Christopher on a chain around her neck had been a present from Lex. It wouldn’t be good form to turn up wearing it, and so she took it off in the street and popped it into her handbag. Nerves began to get a hold of her and she took some deep breaths.
By the time she reached Grammaticos, she had recovered her cool. Her reception party was at a table in the far corner of the bar. 
Maria, behind the bar, greeted her with a surprised look. ‘Hello dear!’
‘Just having a drink with some friends from the airline,’ Dana told her and then went over to join Lex who had his back to her. Sure enough there were two middle aged, very smartly dressed women with him.
Lex looked around and introduced everyone. ‘Sheila Cross, Gwen Farley, Dana Kellna!’
Dana politely shook everyone’s hands, even Lex’s. He politely pulled a chair out for her so that she was sandwiched between himself and the two women. In fact, their faces were familiar, and Dana was sure she had seen them around the hotel. Sheila was tall and willowy and Gwen shorter and more plump. Their names suited their faces.
‘Well, shall we order some drinks?’ Lex said. 
Dana noted that they had not yet ordered. ‘I’ll have an orange juice.’
The women ordered martinis and it was then that Dana realised they were possibly Anglo American. Gwen had a bit of an American accent and Sheila sounded Australian.
Lex went up to the bar to get their orders and the women smiled at her. The woman called Sheila Cross suddenly said, ‘I gather you work for the airlines as an air hostess?’
Dana nodded. ‘I do, but they don’t call us hostesses anymore, we’re either stewardesses or flight attendants.’
‘Oh, that sounds a bit less friendly,’ Gwen Farley stated. ‘It used to be an ambition of mine to be an airhostess, but I ended up getting married instead!’
Dana smiled. ‘Good choice!’
 Lex soon joined them with a tray of drinks which he handed out. He was grinning from ear to ear which really irritated her, but she didn’t want to be impolite in front of his guests.
Shelia took a sip of her martini. ‘So I gather you are from Birmingham, Dana?’
Dana sighed. It seemed as if this was going to be a game of twenty questions, just like a real interview. ‘Yes, born and bred there, but I have family here in Catania. My uncle Norman actually owns this bar.’
Lex was staring at her, his eyes wide with apparent curiosity. ‘That’s convenient.’
Dana looked at him. He was still playing the game, she thought with annoyance. ‘Yes, it is handy, and I help out here from time to time in the bar. I come to Catania a lot; it is like a home from home. My parents are stuck in Birmingham, but I do get to see them. I joined my airline, VLA, some years back and worked my way up. Great airline, classy and the staff are great. I’ve made a lot of friends, but I am considering settling down in Catania.’
The two women were smiling and nodding their heads. 
‘Sounds like the ideal life for a young person,’ Gwen said. ‘So I gather you must know this town and Sicily really well.’
‘I do, have been all over the island,’ Dana replied.
‘That is actually something we would like to do,’ Gwen said as she took a sip of her drink. ‘If my husband Les was still alive, we would have done it already. He was a great traveler, loved getting around and seeing different places.’ Gwen’s expression had changed and was now quite sad.
Dana nodded with understanding. Losing a loved one was surely worse than the most heart rending break up. Splitting with Lex had been one of the worse experiences of her life, and yet here she was casually sitting next to him. It was nuts.
Lex was looking at her intently, but his eyes seemed also slightly far away, as if half remembering something. Dana cleared her throat. ‘So, Mark, what brings you to Sicily?’ She almost called him by his real name, but for some reason felt obliged to play by his rules for the moment.
‘Me?’ he said. ‘As a pilot it was on my itinerary, but I’ve always been attracted to Catania. In fact a friend of mine used to suggest Italy and Sicily as holiday destinations all the time, and so I am taking her advice. Although, I’m not actually on holiday as such. This is just a stopover. And my family are Italian, but my Italian is so rusty now.’
Dana frowned. She already knew all this stuff. The friend he was referring to, was obviously her. It was true, she had always expressed an interest in Italy and Sicily to him when they were together. 
Even when they had first met in the coffee lounge at Heathrow, they had talked about where they had travelled in their jobs. As she remembered, she had brought up Sicily as one of the places she would like to visit.  And after that, she and Lex had become virtually inseparable, with Lex doing everything in his power to get her assigned to his crews. This even involved some cross airline cooperation.
‘Mark, do you come to Catania often?’ Dana asked.
‘A handful of times and I love it here,’ Lex replied. ‘But I’ve never been to Palermo and would like to go there.’
‘Well, I’m sure you know that it’s on the other side of the island, the northern side.’ Dana replied almost forgetting herself. ‘Most tourists go there. You can’t visit Sicily without going to Palermo!’
Lex nodded, but his face had become quite serious. ‘I intend to make a point of going there, but we’ll talk about that later. Here’s the deal. Sheila, Gwen and I have done the math, as they say, and we’ve concluded that there’s a ton of money to be made running coaches across Sicily for tourists. And I’m talking about escorted tours, but tours with a difference; providing better value than the ones currently being operated here. I mean, the way local companies operate here can be massively improved. Some coaches, for example, don’t even have air conditioning, which we westerners take for granted. I’m thinking of running a deluxe service at competitive rates. We’d be selling food and alcohol on board and even getting discounts at hotels and guesthouses along the way for our passengers etc.’
Dana nodded. It sounded good. ‘And what would I have to do if I were interested on getting involved?’
Sheila took over, ‘Well, you and I would set up the booking office in say Catania or Messina which conveniently is close to the Italian mainland. I used to be an accountant so that would be my department and hopefully you could manage the office, do the hiring and firing etc. Between us all we could come up with some interesting tour itineraries which would offer real value for money. We want people to see the real Sicily.  I gather you already have connections here, and I imagine you would know how to deal with the local authorities, the council and so on. Plus, you know the island. We would need someone like you with a bit of local knowledge.  And you wouldn’t have to give up your job with the airlines either.’
Lex smiled. ‘It’s the combination of contacts and local knowledge which would make you invaluable to us. You come highly recommended.’
Dana nodded. ‘It’s certainly worth thinking about.’
Lex studied her face. ‘So I was thinking that we could hire a car, I mean a big four by four and do a little survey of the island and discuss the possibilities.’
Dana found herself nodding again. But she wondered how long Lex was going to keep up the pretense of being someone else. Was he just doing it for Sheila and Gwen’s benefit? Then a question occurred to her.
‘And, if I may ask, what part do you play in all this, Gwen?’
Gwen smiled. ‘I’m putting up all the capital for the business.’
Lex nodded. ‘So shall we meet tomorrow?’
‘Phone me,’ Dana replied. ‘I’m not sure what I’m doing tomorrow!’
‘Fair enough,’ Lex replied.
They had another round of drinks paid for by Lex. Then her uncle Norman came over with some Zibibbo wine, a large dish of antipasto and some stewed squid, which everyone enthusiastically dug into.  ‘As you’re friends of my niece, this is on the house. Specially made by my wife Maria!’
‘You shouldn’t have!’ Dana said patting her uncle’s arm.
‘You are too kind,’ Lex replied with a smile.
They had another round of drinks paid for by Lex. 
Everyone at the table raised a glass to the success of the business and literally ate every last crumb of the food. Finally their impromptu lunch came to an end and Sheila and Gwen went back to their hotel which was different to Dana’s. 
Lex hovered at the entrance to the bar consulting his phone. Dana thanked Maria and her uncle for their hospitality and set out for her own hotel, bumping into Lex at the door of the bar.
He looked up at her and didn’t say anything. She paused and nodded to him but he didn’t respond. If she was expecting him to give her a full explanation for the way he was conducting himself, she was disappointed. 
But she was not one for confrontations and she was determined not to let Lex upset her. In fact, she had already made up her mind that she didn’t want to be a part of their little business scheme. For one thing, it all seemed very off the cuff and not researched properly.
She began the short walk up the cobbled street towards her hotel and when she looked back, and realised that Lex was right behind her. He was staring directly at her with a solemn expression. She wondered where his hotel was and hoped it wasn’t hers. She put her head down and increased her pace and decided to pop into the newsagents to see what Lex would do.
To her chagrin, he also came into the store and without looking at her and ordered some cigarettes. But this was unusual because Lex didn’t smoke. She selected a magazine, paid for it and quickly left the little store. Once again, he came out and was fiddling with his newly bought cigarette packet. He then took a cigarette out and lit one up. As soon as she started walking again, he did too. It really did appear as if he was following her.
Suddenly she turned. ‘Are you going back to your hotel?’ she enquired.
He looked at her surprised. ‘Yes, I am as a matter of fact.’
‘What hotel is that?’ she had to ask.
‘Cassa Hotel,’ he answered.
She nodded. ‘Well, the Cassa hotel is in the opposite direction.’
‘I know,’ he said. ‘But I am trying to acquaint myself with the district.’
She shook her head. ‘So you’re not following me then?’
He raised his hands. ‘No, not at all.’
Dana sighed. ‘Lex, will you please stop playing this stupid game? Please! What are you doing here in Catania? Why are you acting like an idiot? Why are you calling yourself Mark? What’s going on?’
He stared back at her dumbly, but again didn’t reply. This was all too much for Dana whose patience was running thin. She shook her head and started to walk on.
She was making progress with her life and frankly didn’t need Lex back in it. He had really hurt her, disrespected her in a painful way, made her feel like she was a burden. And now seemingly he wanted to get back with her, perhaps for a seedy convenient stopover fling before he flew off again. What other reason could there be?
‘Look,’ he called after her. ‘Can we go somewhere to talk?’
‘No we can’t!’ she said turning. ‘Just tell me what you’re doing here?’
He looked down at the floor. ‘I wrote a book about my experiences as a pilot and used the name Mark Hastings as a nom de plume. It kind of stuck. Sheila and Gwen read my book and wrote to me and we became friends. And we discussed setting up a business in Italy or Sicily, especially as I am half Italian as you know. But I never forgot you. In fact, since we split, I think I’ve thought about you every single day.’
Dana shrugged. ‘Then why didn’t you ever text? I haven’t changed my phone number.’
His face looked pained and then he reached out and took her arms. ‘Dana…’
She pulled away. ‘Lex, don’t!’ 
Lex raised his eyebrows in a disorientated sort of way. ‘I’m sorry.’
Dana felt a surge of anger. ‘And who pushed that note under the door of my hotel suite? Obviously you!’
‘Well…’
‘So you were in my hotel snooping around?’ 
‘Dana I understand why you’re angry, and I agree I acted badly…’
‘Acted badly!’ Dana fumed; her fists clenched. He was lucky that she was even bothering to speak to him. And what on earth was he expecting? No, she had no desire to fall into line for the handsome captain ever again. Once bitten twice shy had now become her motto.
‘Listen, I want to make it up to you,’ he said almost pleadingly. ‘This job offer is my attempt to do just that.’
Dana laughed bitterly. ‘Honestly, Lex, it’s the biggest piece of nonsense I’ve ever heard. Do you really think you can compete with local tour operators? They’ll run you out of town before you can say discount holiday!’ 
‘Look, Gwen is keen to start something up here in Catania and she isn’t fussy, and if the touring doesn’t work out, maybe we could start up a night club,’ he said. ‘You could work the bar!’
Dana shook her head and smiled cynically. ‘And what’s the other price I’d have to pay? Having you breathing down my neck 24/7? I’m enjoying my freedom Lex, or Mark, whatever you call yourself now. But you can’t just put a band aid over the wound you’ve inflicted me. I’m still hurting, Lex.’ Tears suddenly came into her eyes, which annoyed her even more. ‘So let me give you your answer now. I think your business proposal is naïve and I don’t want to be involved.’
‘But Gwen and Sheila are expecting to go on that little drive tomorrow,’ Lex said earnestly. ‘You can’t let then down now.’
Dana really could scream, but she stood rooted to the spot calmly, even if she was simmering underneath. ‘I’ll think about it, Lex. Not the business, that’s just rubbish. But maybe I’ll take your friends to some of the hot spots and stuff that have caught my eye if they want. And I would prefer it if you didn’t come.’
He shrugged. ‘Okay. But I’ll phone you to let you know their plans.’
She nodded and then continued on her way to the hotel. ‘Goodbye Lex, and don’t think you can change my mind!’
She returned to her hotel and went up to the suite where her colleagues were still lying about in various disheveled states. But Dana knew they’d be getting ready to go clubbing later. Margot wasn’t there, so Dana sat in her bed mulling over the day.
As angry as she was, she wasn’t totally heartless and felt that she could detect genuine regret on Lex’s part. His pained expressions almost made her feel sorry for him. Perhaps she was being too hard on him, she thought. But she doubted that she would change her mind. All she wanted to do was put the painful past behind her and move on. 
Annoying Self-Pity
The advice to sleep on a problem doesn’t always produce the best results. When Dana arose the next day from a listless sleep, she felt even worse about the situation. 
She was sure that she had been disturbed during the night by the girls coming and going, but now, at eight forty five in the morning, they were all zonked out. One girl invited her out for the evening, but Dana said she would see. 
Tiptoeing around her still sleeping airline colleagues, she had a shower, got dressed in something light and neutral and decided to have breakfast in the hotel diner. The hotel had laid on a help-yourself breakfast buffet and she did just that.
Despite the early hour, her stomach was rumbling and so she had a fried egg on toast and a big mug of sweet coffee.  Finding an empty table, she got stuck into her breakfast. She took her time to eat it and wished she had taken up the girl’s offer to go out with them later. But she felt committed to Lex’s arrangements, which were feeling more like a pain and an inconvenience than they did yesterday. 
Frankly, she was tempted to go down to her uncle’s bar and have a chat with him to see what he thought of Lex’s idea. Perhaps it was a genuine opportunity and she was being blinded by emotion. Dana also wanted to confer with Maria to get her take on the way Lex had treated her. Maria was sure to take her side and advise her to have nothing to do with him. Knowing Maria, Lex could easily end up being barred from Grammaticos altogether!
Dana checked her watch for the third time and was going to go back up to the suite when her phone rang. It was Margot, who had apparently been out all night.
‘You okay?’ Margot said. 
‘Yeah. Where are you?’ Dana enquired.
‘With a friend. Where have you been? What happened about that job?’
Dana sighed. ‘Lex wants to make it up to me. We split on bad terms and so he wants to start a tour business in Catania and make me office manager.’
‘Not a good idea,’ Margot advised. ‘That’s just my gut feeling.’
‘I think you’re right,’ Dana replied.
‘Men, they are all the same! They just want to get you into bed!’ Margot said laughing. ‘And on that note, I have to rush, catch you later!’ And she hung up.
Just as Dana put the phone back in her handbag, she was surprised to see Sheila and Gwen walk up to the restaurant counter and order something. They weren’t guests here and so Dana suspected they had come to see her. They spotted her straight away, and Dana was grateful that Lex wasn’t with them. Perhaps Lex had listened to what she had said and had stayed in his hotel.
‘Hello dear!’ Gwen said warmly as they approached Dana’s table. ‘Do you mind if we joined you?’
Sheila was all smiles, and they took their seats at the table.
‘Where’s Lex?’ Dana asked.
The women looked puzzled. ‘Who?’
‘I mean, Max,’ Dana corrected herself wrongly.
‘You mean Mark?’ Gwen said. ‘He wasn’t in his hotel. He was supposed to meet us at eight thirty, but he didn’t show up.’
‘Do you think he got cold feet about the business idea?’ Dana ventured.
Gwen laughed. ‘I doubt it. He said it was the only thing you could really do on an island like this.’
‘So, as far as you know, he hasn’t just left town then?’ Dana pressed.
Sheila pulled a curious face. ‘No, but why would you think that?’
‘Well, he’s a pilot…’ Dana replied weakly not wanting to blow Lex’s cover or have to explain that they were once a couple. ‘And sometimes the airlines have you on very short notice. But he did say he was going to phone me.’
Sheila was just about to reply when Gwen said. ‘Oh there he is!’
Sure enough it was Lex, looking quite dapper this morning. He came over and heartily shook Sheila and Gwen’s hands but ignored Dana. ‘Ah, ladies, good morning, I had a feeling you’d be here!’
Dana was not used to being ignored in so casual a fashion and felt miffed at this lack of courtesy on his part. It was almost as if he was being deliberately rude. He then started chatting solely to them, making Dana feel quite rejected.
It was all too much. Dana suddenly stood up at the table. ‘Be back in a moment,’ she said with a frozen smile on her face and made her way to the ladies’ room. As soon as she got behind one of the cubicle doors she let out a loud sob. Fortunately, she was the only one in the facility. 
She dabbed her eyes hoping to curtail any unnecessary mascara damage and checked herself in her little compact mirror. Her tears hadn’t quite run the gamut of her face, but they were nonetheless bitter tears for all that. Lex could be so hurtful, as she remembered – insensitive.
Dana kicked the thin paneled wall between cubicles. What on earth was the matter with her? But more to the point, it looked as if Lex had invited himself along for their little car ride. He had deliberately ignored her request not to come. And now she couldn’t duck out of it unless she stormed off and made a fool of herself in front of Sheila and Gwen. Or worse, demand that Lex didn’t come and then that would raise some awkward questions.
She ventured out of the cubicle and double checked her appearance in the large mirrors over the sinks. She was surprised to see that her little crying spat had actually brightened up her eyes. Straightening her clothing she went back to the table.
‘Alright?’ Sheila asked with a smile.
‘Fine!’ Dana replied, noticing that Lex was averting his face.
Both women were now looking at her. ‘So what do you think of our proposition?’ Gwen asked.
For the first time Lex glanced at her.
Dana smiled brightly not wanting to be a wet blanket. ‘I really think it has possibilities. But I think local competition will be tough. There might even be some rough stuff if you steal other people’s customers.’
Lex shook his head. ‘No, no, no, there would be nothing like that. See, because we are foreigners they wouldn’t dare.’
‘I have heard stories,’ Sheila said.
Gwen shrugged. ‘It’s the same with every business. You’ve always got other people watching what you are doing and getting jealous if you do well. People love success but not when it only happens to others. We shouldn’t take any notice of what people think.’
‘I agree,’ Lex said. ‘I say if the idea has potential we should at least look into it.’
Dana shrugged. ‘Okay, well, I’m still not a hundred percent that I’m on board and I don’t want to sound ungrateful. But I’m certainly up to take you on a little tour of some of the places that don’t normally get a look in. Other tour operators tend to take you to places to encourage you to spend your money. Markets and stuff, where the artisans are. But we should be more flexible than that.’
‘How long would it take to drive around the entire island?’ Gwen asked.
‘I’d say at least two weeks,’ Dana said.
‘What places did you have in mind?’ Sheila asked.
Dana looked down at her plate of unfinished breakfast. It was now cold, so she picked up her coffee mug and had a sip. ‘There simply are some really unmissable sights in Sicily, such a Taormina, also known as ‘the pearl of the Mediterranean Sea’. It’s basically a small village on a mountain, which overlooks the sea. Then there’s Etna of course, the highest active volcano in Europe. You can climb it to a certain extent, and then enjoy a great view. Then there’s Ortigia, which is located on a small island connected to the mainland by bridges. It’s a sort of authentic open-air museum. But I thought, today we could drive to Cefalu, which is one of the most beautiful villages in Sicily, north of the island.’
‘How long would it take to get there?’ Lex asked, speaking to her for the first time.
Dana licked her bottom lip. ‘Between three and four hours with stops on the way. Eight hour all round trip. We could be back by the middle of the evening.’
Lex seemed doubtful. ‘I suppose we could take turns driving.’
‘Sounds quite lovely,’ Sheila said.
Gwen frowned. ‘But we can always turn back at any point if it gets a bit too much.’
‘If the car we hire has air conditioning we’ll be fine,’ Dana said and then wished she hadn’t. It would mean being in Lex’s company for too long a period. 
‘Okay,’ Lex said rising from the table. ‘If you all agree, we’ll meet outside in an hour and I’ll have a hired Avis car already!’ 
Off The Beaten Track
Lex had secured a huge black four-by-four for the day with an option to extend. Apparently he had passed the hire agreement to Gwen who stuffed it into her handbag without looking at it. Sheila told Dana that Lex had signed on Gwen’s behalf, but she was the one paying for everything.
Dana’s plan would mean taking the most direct route to Cefalu which was via the A19, possibly taking in Motta Sant Anastasia, Castel di Ludica and Enna on the way. They would virtually be travelling right through the heart of Sicily. Once they reached Cefalu, it would only be a short drive to Palermo to the west.
Dana had gone back to her suite to tell the girls where she was going, and Margot happened to be there. ‘Can this guy really be trusted?’ Margot asked. ‘I know he was your ex and all that, but he sounds a bit weird to me.’
‘Who knows,’ Dana replied. ‘But I wouldn’t be surprised if he didn’t have something up his sleeve. Sheila and Gwen seem to trust him without question.’
Margot shook her head. ‘I think your mad. You’ll be going three steps backwards and two steps forward I reckon. Don’t go!’
‘It’s all arranged now,’ Dana replied. ‘He’s even hired a car.’
Margot shrugged, ‘So!’
Dana laughed, made some weak excuses, and then made her way to the rendezvous point to meet Lex and the ladies. Margot was right of course. It was all going to be a bit of a pain and a reminder of the past which was the last thing Dana needed right now. She was here in Catania to have a good time, not be put upon in this way.
She found Lex at the wheel of a large black SUV and she was pleased to see that there was plenty of room for everyone to sit comfortably. They didn’t have to sit scrunched up together. Dana let the ladies chose their places; Gwen sat next to Lex and Dana sat next to Sheila in the back. 
Lex had the radio on to add some local atmosphere to their journey and they set off. The engaging accompaniment of Mediterranean folk music filled the car. It seemed to consist of the sounds of bouzouki – guitars, ciaramedda – bagpipes, and tammurinu – tambourines. Dana relaxed her guard a little.
‘I’ve studied the maps and I’d thought we could look at some of the side roads instead of sticking religiously to the A19,’ he said checking Dana in the rear view mirror.
‘Fine,’ Dana answered.
‘And it’s impossible to get lost with the satnav,’ Sheila chipped in.
Dana noticed that the women had brought some lunch boxes with them. Dana herself was counting on them stopping somewhere for lunch. But if Lex careered off the ‘A’ road, there was no telling what they would find or where they would end up.
Lex kept up a constant stream of conversation over the music, cracking jokes and talking about the next book he was planning to write.
‘I love your writing style,’ Sheila said. ‘It does so draw you in.’
Lex shrugged. ‘I just tell it like it comes.’
‘All those colourful people that you met in your work as a pilot!’ Gwen enthused.
Dana blinked. All those people that he met in his work, she thought. She hoped there was nothing about her in his book. Their affair had been quite torrid if the truth were told. But his problem was always that he seemed to have a wandering eye. One woman wasn’t enough for him.
Lex kept looking at her in the rearview mirror which was annoying. ‘Hey relax,’ he said.
‘Relax? Me?’ Dana replied surprised. ‘I’m perfectly relaxed thank you. You’re the one doing the driving.’ She realised that he was now in his ‘cocky’ mode as opposed to his ‘sullen’ mode. When he was sullen he was like a big kid, but when he was cocky he could be a nightmare.
‘Well, I’ll drive for a little while and then give one of you women a chance,’ Lex said. ‘I gather you have a European driving license, Sheila?’
‘I’ll take over right now, if you like!’ Sheila replied with a smile.
‘I’ll do a couple of miles too,’ Gwen said not to be outdone.
Lex nodded and suddenly took a slip road off the A19, exiting at Gerbini. It was a bit sudden and Dana wondered what on earth he was doing. ‘Why did you do that?’ she enquired. 
‘Just saw a road sign for Palagonia, which sounds interesting,’ Lex replied.
‘It happens to be one of the oldest villages in the province,’ Dana said. ‘The area has been inhabited since prehistoric times. I believe there was actually the discovery of a Paleolithic settlement close to the current old town center.’
Sheila patted her on the arm. ‘My, you know your stuff!’
‘I told you she was good,’ Lex said giving Dana a wink in the mirror.
Dana mused to herself. Was this just happenstance or was Lex planning something? ‘Were you scheming to come here all along?’ she ventured to ask.
Lex paused before answering. ‘It’s just I was looking through the local maps and I read there might be a food festival in the area. And apparently Palagonia has one.’
‘Yes, you’re right,’ Dana said. ‘The Festa dell’Arancia, food festival. But I’m not sure about the timing of it.’
‘Perhaps it’s taking place now,’ Gwen said brightly. ‘I love a food festival. I love it when the french farmers bring their produce into our town.’
‘Me too!’ Sheila said.
‘Oh great, what a nice surprise!’ Gwen chimed in. 
‘So we’re all agreed then!’ Lex said. ‘We can always go to Cefalu another day.
****
When they arrived at Palagonia, they discovered that a festival was indeed taking place, the ‘Festa di Santa Febronia’, the festival of Saint Febronia. There was a large noisy procession of people and military guards trailing behind a plaster effigy of Saint Febronia in the narrow streets. 
The effigy was being driven along in a specially adapted float. A brass band walked behind everyone playing a raucous traditional old tune which greatly added to the sense of occasion. 
Lex had to quickly reverse up the car to avoid blocking the procession. He found a parking space next to an old garage and parked up. ‘Good timing, eh!’ he said. 
‘What fun!’ Gwen said getting out the car. Sheila and Dana followed her. The noisy procession moved passed them.
 ‘I expect there’s plenty of food to be had,’ Gwen said staggering backwards into the path of a horse and cart which was part of the procession. To everyone’s horror she fell under the wheels of the cart, which came to a sudden halt. Dana froze in shock. The white horse reared up and its owner had difficulty controlling it.
‘Oh my God!’ Sheila said running to help her companion. 
The band stopped playing and the crowd broke ranks and surrounded Gwen who was moaning and floundering on the cobbled ground. Then she stopped moving. Fortunately, both Dana and Lex had received First Aid training with the airlines and they quickly went to assist her. 
Dana was quite impressed by Lex’s prompt professional response to the emergency, never having seen him attend one before. 
Usually, if anything happened on a plane the flight attendants dealt to it. But here was Captain Lex Favori taking control and making Dana feel grateful that he was on hand. Dana let Lex manage the situation and stood beside him to give assistance. 
It was interesting how their training had just kicked in, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. One of the military men had slightly lifted Gwen’s head off the ground, and she appeared unconscious and then her eyelids fluttered slightly. 
Lex knelt down next to her and examined her pulse and then he smiled. ‘She’ll be fine!’
The crowd clapped, and it must have been the noise of the applause which brought Gwen around. She fully opened her eyes, and Lex helped her into a sitting position and then a standing one. Everyone had their arms around her, supporting her. 
‘Thank you!’ Gwen muttered. ‘But I think I’ve hurt my foot.’ 
Lex knelt down again and examined it. He removed her shoe. ‘One of the cartwheels might have run over it.’ 
‘Ow!’ Gwen murmured as Lex gently examined her bare foot. Already it was obvious that bruise was forming. 
‘Can you move your toes?’ Lex enquired. 
Gwen grimaced as she looked down at him. ‘I can just about, but it blooming well hurts!’
Lex looked up at Dana. ‘We really will need to get her to a doctor, I think.’
‘She might need an x-ray,’ Dana suggested.
‘Medico?’ one of the braided military men suddenly said.
‘C’è un medico nelle vicinanze?’ Dana enquired in Italian, asking if a doctor was nearby.
‘Si,’ the soldier replied in English. ‘Doctor Apulio, close, very close!’
‘La porteremo sul carrello nessun problema!’ the man who owned the cart said.
Lex looked at Dana blankly. ‘My Italian is rusty, what did he say?’ 
‘He said we can take her on the cart!’
‘Oh no no,’ Gwen said pulling a face.                                                                                                                                        
The military man smiled. ‘Do not worry we only have to go to the bottom of the road to the doctor’s.’
Lex looked at Dana. ‘Look, I’ll go with Gwen, you keep Sheila company. I’m sure all Gwen needs is a bandage, some painkillers and possibly a wheelchair of course.’
‘I think we should all go with you,’ Sheila said.
Gwen held up her hand. ‘Oh no, I don’t want to ruin this for everyone. You and Dana have a wander around and then we’ll meet up later. Find out where we can get some good food. I’m sure I won’t be long.’
‘Do you have medical insurance?’ Dana enquired. 
‘Yes and believe it or not I think I’m even indemnified against injury from farm animals!’
Lex was amused. ‘Then I think we ought to sue the horse before it gallops off!’
Gwen playfully punched him on the arm. ‘Very funny.’
The cart slowly moved off with Lex and Gwen sitting on the back with their legs dangling.
‘Oh, Sheila take a photo will you? This will be one for the holiday album!’ said Gwen cheerfully.
‘We’ll phone you when we’re finished!’ Lex said.
Sheila obliged, holding up her phone and snapped away. She and Dana then watched the cart go down the narrow passage which passed as the town’s main thoroughfare. It then awkwardly turned into a courtyard.
Sheila pulled a pained face. ‘What a horrible thing to have happened!’
‘I feel really bad, for her,’ Dana replied. She checked her own phone to make sure she had Lex’s new number which he had given her in his note. It replaced his old number which she had erased when they broke up. 
But she wondered if he had erased hers. It would certainly explain why he hadn’t phoned her once during their period of separation. Then she kicked herself mentally for thinking in terms of separation as opposed to something more permanent.
‘Let’s have a quick survey on what’s in offer!’ Shelia said.
Dana nodded. ‘I’m sure, as she is a tourist they’ll treat Gwen straight away so I’m expecting it won’t take more than an hour.’ 
Little Voice Inside Her
Dana couldn’t help being impressed by Lex’s gallantry. He could have just as easily suggested that Sheila went with Gwen to the doctor’s so that he could have a stroll around town with Dana. Sheila was also impressed by his unselfishness. But then Dana had the thought that as Gwen was the one paying for everything, Lex probably felt obliged to accompany her to the doctors.
Dana checked that her phone was on as sometimes it would turn itself off when the battery was low. But this was a reminder of the bad times, just after her breakup from Lex. She used to check the phone perhaps a hundred times a day to see if he had sent her any texts. Now that Lex was back on the scene these painful memories were starting to haunt her again.
She chided herself for so naturally sliding back into bad habits. Lex may have been at the center of her life then, but he wasn’t anymore, nor did she wish him to be. Also she had decided she would only keep Lex’s number in her directory for a limited time, a week at most. Then she would have to decide whether to bar him or get a new SIM. And if Lex came looking for her in Catania, her uncle Norman would soon deal with him.
Despite these thoughts, she kept her phone close to hand as she wandered around Palagonia with Sheila. What was interesting, was that everyone knew they were strangers in town. By the time they had reached the far end of the narrow street and entered a promising-looking shop, the proprietor already knew all about their misadventure.
He immediately wrapped up a small loaf of bread and cheese and a bottle of wine. ‘For the lady with the bad foot, but they tell me she will be alright! She has some bruises on her left foot.’
Sheila was amazed at how fast news had travelled. It had already physically overtaken them.
‘Grazie per la vostra gentilezza!’ Dana said, thanking the shopkeeper as she accepted the gifts.
It was all too much for Sheila who suddenly staggered against the counter in the shop. ‘Oh goodness!’ 
Both Dana and the shop keeper quickly rallied round her.
‘Sheila what’s the matter?’ Dana said putting her arm around her. 
‘I just feel a bit dizzy,’ Sheila replied.
‘Siediti per favore farò un po 'di tè per te!’ the shop keeper said asking Sheila to take a seat while he made some tea. He quickly produced a chair from behind the counter and Sheila gratefully sat down. The shop keeper smiled kindly and went into the back room.
‘You’d think I was the one who had the accident,’ Sheila said shaking her head.
Dana gently patted her back. ‘It is very upsetting.’
‘Well, Gwen and I have been friends for yonks,’ Sheila said. ‘If anything happened to her I don’t know what I’d do.’
‘Well don’t worry, the doctors here are second to none,’ Dana said.
The shop keeper came out with a pot of tea, three small glasses with handles and a plate of almond biscuits. ‘Please!’ he said.
The women smiled gratefully got stuck into their snack when Dana’s phone rang.
‘Hi, it’s me,’ Lex said casually.
‘Don’t tell me, Gwen just has bruises on her left foot, and she’ll be fine,’ Dana couldn’t help saying.
Lex’s gasp was audible. ‘Now how on earth did you know that?’
‘The nice shop keeper just told me and soon news will be all over town!’ Dana said.
‘I’m sure Gwen will be pleased to hear that,’ Lex said.
‘So no broken bones?’ Dana asked.
‘No, but she’ll need some pain killing gel for her foot and some general painkillers,’ Lex said. ‘The doctor is sorting these out.’
‘Thank you Lex,’ Dana said.
Sheila made a motion with her hands. ‘Can I speak to Gwen please?’
Dana passed her phone to Sheila. 
‘Come on you slacker!’ Sheila said to Gwen humorously. ‘You deliberately fell over because you’ve got a thing for doctors, admit it!’
Gwen could be heard laughing and swearing on the other end. Sheila passed the phone back to Dana. ‘She’s fine!’
Dana smiled. The emergency was over. Lex had proved himself useful, but then he probably had an agenda. Dana knew him to have a soft spot for people, although he could also be a bit calculating sometimes. Still, no matter how well he behaved, she wasn’t going to take him back. 
Dana also had the strong thought that the ladies were really too frail to run a competitive travel company. Not in the rugged climes of Sicily anyway. It would probably all be down to herself and Lex to keep the business afloat and Dana didn’t particularly relish that idea. 
However, the bottom line was that she now wanted to somehow extricate herself from the situation and any further involvement. Being around Lex was too painful. It wasn’t pleasant to keep recalling the episodes of their previous relationship which had hurt her. She didn’t need that one little bit, she told herself silently.
Lex had suggested that they meet back in the car to decide what to do next. It all depended on how Gwen was feeling. Dana agreed and she and Sheila thanked the shop keeper, promising to return, and walked back to the car.
They were greeted by the sight of Gwen with her left foot done up with a great big bandage hanging on Lex’s arm. 
Lex smiled at Dana. ‘Been shopping I see.’
‘This was gift from a nicer shopkeeper to Gwen,’ Dana replied.
‘People here are so sweet,’ Gwen said. ‘And the doctor wasn’t so bad either!’
Sheila and Dana laughed. 
‘Don’t get any ideas,’ Sheila said.
Gwen pulled face. ‘Well, at least I’ll know who to come to when I get sunstroke.’ She rattled a plastic container containing tablets. ‘I have to take three of these a day for a week.’
‘Painkillers?’ Sheila said.
‘Yes,’ Lex said. ‘But we all know Gwen that you’re as tough as old boots!’
Gwen shot him a fiery look. ‘Who are you calling an old boot!’
The banter continued in this vein for another minute and then Gwen said, ‘So did you discover any interesting eating places in your travels. I’m absolutely starving!’
‘We did spot a couple of nice looking places,’ Dana said. ‘There’s the Ristorante Siciliano. We walked passed it. It is literally a hundred yards away!’
‘Let’s go there then,’ said Gwen. ‘I think I can manage it, if I hobbled.’
Lex looked up the narrow street. ‘Now that the procession has passed, I can drive us right up to the door.’
‘Good idea,’ Sheila said as she helped Gwen get into their rented vehicle. Once everyone was aboard, Lex put his foot down and quickly drove them to the entrance of the little restaurant, and everyone climbed out.
‘You go on ahead, I’ll think I’ll sit this one out,’ Lex said.
Sheila and Gwen looked disappointed. ‘Oh, aren’t you coming in for something to eat?’
‘I’m still feeling full from breakfast,’ he said his face serious. ‘I’ll have a little smoke and I’ll join you in a little while.’
‘Don’t be silly, come in with us!’ Gwen implored.
‘In a little while,’ Lex replied.
‘Okay then,’ Sheila said as she helped Gwen through the doors of the little eatery.
When the ladies were out of earshot, Dana said, ‘Anything wrong, Lex?’
Lex frowned took her to one side and lowered her voice. ‘In the doctor’s surgery Gwen was asking me all these personal questions. She seems to think that you and I knew each other! I suppose this is understandable considering we both work for the airlines.’
Dana shrugged. ‘Oh? So what did you say?’
‘Frankly, I didn’t want to discuss it with her,’ he said. ‘Anyway, she might bring the subject up again, so I thought I’d sit lunch out.’
‘We’ll just deny it,’ Dana said, relieved that Lex had the same view as her.
‘Okay,’ he said with a faint smile. ‘Look, Dana I haven’t come here to cause you embarrassment.’
Sitting inside the restaurant, Sheila waved to them through the window. Dana waved back. ‘They’re waiting for me.’
‘Better go in,’ Lex said taking out a packet of cigarettes and lighting one up.
Dana stared at him. Despite the bad timing, she was tempted to press him on why he was really here in Catania. The answer he had given her before was still incomplete. Was this another stab at a failed romance? But surely Lex was streetwise enough to know that this was an impractical expectation.
‘So tell me Lex, what do you really want? Why are you really standing here with me on a street in the middle of a Sicilian town when you could be a thousand other places?’
He sighed and looked up at the deep blue sky above the quaint old buildings. ‘Because I’m a fool. You used the word naïve the other day. I think that word applies to me!’
She gaped at him not knowing what to say. ‘I’d better go in.’
‘Okay,’ he said with a wave. ‘I’m just taking a little stroll.’
She watched him slowly walk off, like a defeated man and despite herself, her heart went out to him. He clearly seemed to be full of regret, possibly at losing her. But the other question was, did he still love her? They had been so close. From her perspective he did seem a bit lovelorn. Like a man who, in the process of breaking the heart of another had also broken his own.
Then as she turned and went into the little restaurant she felt a surge of mixed feelings. She suddenly realised, despite her reservations, that to lie in his arms again wouldn’t be such a bad prospect. But the thought shocked her. She literally had to shake her head to clear her mind of such weak ideas. He was starting to get to her again, get to that vulnerable and very personal place deep in her heart.
By the time she had joined the ladies in the restaurant she felt even more confused.
‘You okay, dear?’ Gwen asked with concern.
‘I’m starving!’ Dana managed to say brightly with great effort.
‘So what’s the matter with Lex?’ Sheila asked.
Dana shrugged. ‘Heaven knows!’
‘Then let’s order then,’ Sheila said passing her the menu. ‘I’m sure when he sees us eating he be tempted to come in!’
More Question Marks
Despite Lex’s awkwardness, which was picked up by the women straight away, the day was a moderate success. Gwen reaffirmed that she would love to get a business going on the island, and Sheila said she was more than game. Dana prevaricated because she was genuinely confused; her mixed feelings about Lex being the main bugbear. 
Then to pile on the pressure the ladies announced that they were transferring to Dana’s hotel because, ‘it would be easier to discuss business!’ Lex, on the other hand, seemed more standoffish than usual, as if he’d had second thoughts about the whole enterprise. 
The other problem was that Dana, through politeness, didn’t know how to nip the situation in the bud. The ladies were so sweet, so kind, that she didn’t want to disappoint them. To make things worse, Gwen started talking about including Dana as a partner, not just as a consultant.
But all the while a little voice in Dana’s head was screaming: ‘Gwen Stop! You haven’t clue about the realities of running a business here!’
Also, it was as if Lex could read her mind, and he was beginning to voice doubts himself which were being challenged by Gwen. Whereas before he was all for it, believing it would be ‘a doddle’ as he had once put it, he was starting to see sense. Gwen, however, seemed determined. Perhaps meeting the doctor had influenced her point of view. 
However, Dana was starting to feel a bit boxed in. Gwen and Sheila took a room on the same landing as Dana and her airline colleagues, whom she was seeing less and less. Even her close buddy Margot was now deeply involved with some Jamaican naval cook who was docked nearby. 
And as for the other girls, either they were out all night and sleeping all day or they were staying elsewhere. The short bonding break that Dana had hoped for had turned into a free for all, with everyone just doing their own thing. It was just as well that Dana wasn’t paying for everything.
It would have been good to hang out with Margot more, but it clearly wasn’t to be. Instead Dana kept bumping into Sheila and Gwen who now seemed to have guessed the connection between herself and Lex. In fact, even Lex had been making himself scarce lately. Perhaps it was fear of being quizzed by Gwen.
****
Dana had been out walking one evening, deciding to have a drink in one of those little discreet bars off the beaten track when Gwen sidled up to her. Dana was surprised to see her in this strange bar. It was fortunate that Gwen was there because Dana had been spotted by a drunk who kept talking to her.
‘Let’s sit over there,’ Gwen suggested after they renewed their drinks, and they moved away from the counter to a table.
‘So how’s your foot?’ Dana asked noticing that Gwen no longer had the bandage on.
‘Oh the foot’s fine!’ Gwen said dismissively. ‘More to the point how’s your love life?’ she cackled. ‘I’m just playing with you. But Sheila has a theory that you and Mark used to be boyfriend and girlfriend. Tell me to mind my own business. But Mark isn’t his real name is it?’’
Dana sighed. ‘Well, as you know he’s a pilot and a writer, and he goes by his writer’s name, and yes I did know him when he was Lex!’
Gwen tapped the side of her nose. ‘Ah. So what’s the real deal then? Is he here to just be with you? Or is he serious about our business idea?’
‘I’d tell you the whole story, but I don’t want to ruin it for Lex – you might go off him,’ Dana said.
Gwen grabbed her arm. ‘Don’t worry about that. Sheila’s got the hots for him, and besides he’s an airline pilot and they’re not all angels are they? I mean, they do like to play the field somewhat!’
Dana had to agree and so she told Gwen the whole story about how she and Lex had met, right up to the present moment. This included most of the sorry details and the fact that they cohabited for a year together. Gwen was not surprised to learn that Dana had met Lex as a member of his cabin crew.
Gwen listened with the closest of attention. When Dana had finished Gwen said, ‘Pilots not all angels are they?’
Dana shook her head. ‘Not all. I would appreciate it if you didn’t mention what I’ve told you about him. To be honest I’m quite embarrassed by this whole thing. Him turning up out of the blue after so long doesn’t feel right. I’m not really sure what he expects from me.’
Gwen nodded. ‘He needs to be frank with you. He’s obviously messing with your head. It would certainly mess with mine, and I’ve been around the block several times. Look, if you don’t ask him for a full explanation, I will!’
Dana held up her hand. ‘Oh, don’t do that.’
Gwen took a sip of her gin and tonic. ‘You have to. We all need to know what’s going on. If Mark, or rather Lex is playing with you, he might not be serious about our business plans either! He might just take off one day, literally, and fly away! We all need to know where we stand.’
Dana grimaced inwardly. The last thing she know wanted was a confrontation with Lex. She had had her fill of those when she was with him. Perhaps she should be the one jetting away. Dana put on a brave smile. ‘You’re right of course.’
‘Damn well I am,’ Gwen said finishing her drink.
‘I might give him a ring later.’
Gwen nodded. ‘Well, whatever you do, do it today!’ 
****
If Dana was perfectly honest with herself, she did slightly resent Gwen’s interference in her affairs. But the woman was right of course, there was nothing like perfect clarity. Lex did seem to be hanging around for a reason other than a business one. 
Also, Dana didn’t quite know what had led him to Catania in the first place. Had he flown there deliberately with both women in tow? They obviously knew of him previously through reading his book. Or did he arrange to meet them in Catania?
It would certainly clear Dana’s head to know whether Lex was just using the business proposition as an excuse to get to her again. If this was the case, then what was he expecting? A fling? A re-run of the past? 
Once Dana knew where she stood she could decide what to do next.  For sure, she didn’t like the idea of the touring business one little bit. The Sicilians did not take kindly to outsiders trying to gatecrash their local economy. The business might even blacken her name and even affect her uncles’ trade in his bar. Gwen was right, Dana needed to make a stand.
Dana decided that if she was going to ring Lex and put him on the spot and she would like to do it in private. Preferably out of earshot of her colleagues in the hotel room. So she made her way to the little local park where there were a number of benches under shady trees, sat down and got out her phone. She took a deep breath to steel herself and then rang his number. 
It rang several times and then clicked off automatically. Clearly the phone was on, but for some reason he wasn’t answering. Perhaps he was having a snooze? Or perhaps, she wondered a little hopefully, he was now on a plane flying away from Sicily as fast as he could go. Surely he realised that coming to Catania was a mistake? 
Heart To Heart
The situation with Lex had really been the ruination of Dana’s stopover. She hadn’t seen much of her colleagues and she wished Margot had been a bit more demonstrative. Margot was a long established airline friend, and she was supposed to take Dana aside and give her some advice, like friends do. But she seemed distracted by this man she had met in a local club. Margot simply hadn’t been there for her.
If the roles had been reversed Dana would have been the first one to drag Margot off to a dance venue somewhere. But instead, Dana felt abandoned. Clearly, this was a problem she had to face on her own. Dana looked up at the sun which was starting to go into a decline and rose to her feet. It was then that she saw a long shadow approaching her from the hotel strip. It was Lex.
Lex was smiling and his face looked considerably browner than it had been just twenty-four hours earlier. It made his perfect smile look even whiter. ‘Hi there! You okay?’ he said.
She frowned. ‘Where have you been? I’ve been phoning you. I thought you jetted off!’
He came close to her. ‘Been sunbathing, just over there,’ he said pointing to some remote cove. ‘I left my phone in my hotel room – genuine mistake.’
‘Not good!’ Dana replied. ‘Sheila and Gwen might have been trying to get hold of you!’
‘I’m seeing them later,’ he replied.
‘Okay. Look, Lex, we need to talk.’
His face was serious. ‘I agree.’
She paused wondering what he meant. Did he now see the error his ways? 
‘Shall we sit down here and talk?’ she asked. ‘Or shall we go back to the hotel?’ 
‘Here is good,’ he said sitting down on the bench and looking at her.
For some reason Dana’s heart started to beat more rapidly. She moved slightly away from him on the bench. They then both spoke at once.
‘You go first,’ Lex said.
‘No you,’ she replied.
Lex let out a long sigh. ‘Look, Dana, you know me, you know I can be impulsive. And I am here because of that impulsiveness. But I do want to say sorry to you.’
She shrugged but she was far from calm inside. All the old emotions were starting to resurrect themselves again. She had been relatively fine on their little outing with Gwen and Sheila, but now that they were alone, she felt more vulnerable. She had to swallow hard to stop her voice from cracking. ‘Thank you, sorry is nice. But what are you sorry for? Coming to Catania or leaving me in the first place?’
He blinked his eyes several times. ‘Sorry…sorry for leaving you…and being…awful to you.’
She nodded as she tried to control her breathing. She knew that she was seconds away from bursting in tears and so she clenched her fists in her lap. ‘But according to you, I smothered you!’
He looked into her eyes and shook his head. ‘I know that was a terrible thing to have said, about you smothering me. But it wasn’t true.’
She nodded. ‘I have to agree with that.’
He made a helpless gesture with his hands. ‘It’s difficult to explain what I was feeling.’
Dana raised her eyebrows. ‘No good time like the present,’ she managed to say lightly. ‘So I didn’t smother you then?’
He shook his head. ‘No, not at all.’
‘For an articulate man, you’re not being very articulate,’ she said with a frown.
He nodded. ‘Yes, I’m not explaining myself. But I know that a lot of things I said to you at that time were absurd. My head had been turned by that new contract I was offered, do you remember?’
‘Oh, yes, that new pilot’s deal! That was a joke, wasn’t it!’ she said. She smoothed her hair. It was becoming obvious to her that he was now full of regret. He also seemed to realise that he had been very clumsy in the way he had handled their split.  
Lex looked down into his lap. ‘But to be honest, I’m just using the new deal as an excuse.’
She nodded. ‘So what was the problem? Did you think that as a man in your forties you were feeling too young or maybe too old to settle down?’
‘I suppose in a way,’ he said. ‘Smothered is definitely not the right word. But I think what I am trying to say, is that I thought things were moving too fast.’
Dana nodded feeling the dead weight of the past settling on her like a blanket. The clock couldn’t be turned back. The damage and the pain which came with it would always be there. She looked out towards the coastline where everything looked so cheerful.
As she stared she was aware of a gentle but persistent pressure building up in her chest, like a giant sob waiting to betray her. Clearly she still had an attachment to him, or the memory of what he was, and the sound of the ocean wouldn’t wash it away. She suddenly stood up. Being with him was proving to be too oppressive. She needed to go back to her hotel and do some normal things like chew the fat with the girls or something. ‘Well…’ she began.
He seemed concerned. ‘Are you okay?’
She nodded. ‘Yep, but you could have just sent me an email or something. I hope you haven’t come here expecting anything to change.’
He smiled sadly. ‘I don’t know what I was expecting.’
She took a step away from the bench. ‘You’ve apologised, so thank you for that. I forgive you. Now you can go about your life without worrying about me anymore.’
She was looking intently into his face to see his reaction to her cold words. But she wasn’t as detached as she would like him to think. Even if he took the next plane off the island, she knew she would be thinking of him. The chapter hadn’t quite been closed. However, tears have a mind of their own, and she feared that they getting ready to stream down her face. She shook her head and walked briskly back towards the hotel.
‘Goodbye my love,’ he said sadly watching her walk away. ‘I will never forget you, and I know that I will never find a woman like you, ever again.’
He said these words loudly enough for her to hear, but she waved her hand almost dismissively and walked on. For the sake of her emotional wellbeing she couldn’t afford to relent. To fall back into this handsome man’s arms again would have been a defeat. She didn’t have time for it.
Still holding back the tears, she was surprised to see Sheila, who had apparently been hovering behind some bushes nearby. ‘Oh, hello!’ Sheila said brightly. The woman looked guilty. Had she been spying on them?
‘Sheila! Hi, I’m just going for a little nap!’
‘How’s the boss?’ Sheila asked with a knowing look in her eye.
‘Oh, he’s been working on his tan apparently,’ Dana said with a false grin. ‘It’s alright for some! Well, see you later.’ 
A White Flag
When Dana was feeling at her absolute worst, when she felt cornered and even thought the bond she had with Margot was disintegrating, Margot phoned. Dana was in the hotel suite, which was completely deserted. Where the other girls were was hard to say, but knowing them, it wasn’t hard to imagine.
‘Hey girlfriend!’ Margot said brightly down the phone. ‘Where are you?’
‘In the suite and no one is here!’ Dana replied. ‘I might order room service before they all get back! Where are you?’
‘On board the good ship Cordellia as a visitor!’ Margot told her. ‘When you see the guy you’ll know why. He’s only the cook, but he really knows how to make a girl happy.’
‘Spare me the details,’ Dana replied with a grimace as she sat on her bed. 
She then brought Margot up to date on her dealings with Lex, Sheila and Gwen. Margot was making all the right mouth noises ranging from ‘Golly Gosh’ to ‘No’ to ‘OMG’. But she did sound quite concerned.
‘From what you’ve told me Lex seems like he’s lost it,’ she said. ‘As you say, he’ll probably jump on the next plane bound for London and get the hell out of there. Especially if that Gwen is starting to ask awkward questions.’
‘Hmm,’ Dana said. ‘I mean, I know it’s silly, but I feel quite upset about all this. I came to Catania to have a good time, not to be dragged into all this nonsense.’
‘Well, the thing is you’re not going to be here forever!’ Margot said. ‘I mean, we’ll all be gone in a week’s time. Back to the grind!’
‘You’re right,’ Dana said. ‘But Lex even said he’ll never find another woman like me again!’
‘That’s what they all say,’ Margot said. ‘Until the next one comes along. The fact that he’s plonked himself on that Gwen and Sheila isn’t a good sign. It seems like he can just attach himself to anyone at the drop of a hat!’
Dana had to agree, and they ended the call on a high note with Margot promising to hook up with her tomorrow. Dana put down the phone and went into the ensuite and looked at herself in the large floor to ceiling mirror. Her eyes looked a little red raw, and she appeared to have lost some weight. Not a bad thing, but it was a sign of stress or even distress.
So instead of having a lonely meal in the suite, she decided to join the throng down in the hotel restaurant. She was hoping and praying that she wouldn’t see the two ladies and her prayer was half answered. There was just Sheila without Gwen sitting at a table over a large salad. She gave Dana a wave.
The hotel did a buffet system, even for the main course, and so Dana also got herself a tuna salad and felt duty bound to join Sheila at her table.
‘Where’s Gwen?’ Dana had to ask when she joined Sheila with her tray of colourful looking food.
Sheila swatted the air with her hand. ‘Oh, in one of her moods. She’s been hitting the bottle since four. It’s her foot, it’s playing up, so she’s been on the painkillers as well.’
Dana frowned with concern. She sat opposite Sheila. ‘I gather her foot was quite badly bruised. I had a drink with her earlier in another bar and she seemed fine.’
‘She always puts on a brave face!’ Sheila said. ‘So I noticed you having a chat with Mark or should I say Lex. We haven’t seen him for a while. What’s happening? Is he getting cold feet about our business idea?’
Dana got stuck into her meal. The tuna was succulent and appeared to have been caught locally. ‘We didn’t talk about it.’
‘Gwen told me that you and he knew each other from before,’ Sheila said tentatively.
Dana sighed. ‘It’s true. The airlines is a small world.’
Sheila nodded as she looked directly into Dana’s eyes. ‘Hmm. So what do you think? Is our idea a nonstarter? See, to be honest, I am genuinely looking for something to do, but the touring business does seem a bit…a bit of a rough and tumble.’
Dana cut her small bread roll in half on the side plate. ‘It is, and you will have the local tour operators to contend with as well. They might try a few tactics!’
‘Tactics?’ Sheila repeated. ‘As in, letting down the tires of our vehicles something?’
Dana had to laugh. ‘As in sticking a cloth in your coach’s petrol tanks and setting it on fire!’
‘No!’ Sheila seemed shocked.
Dana shrugged. ‘I’m just saying that if you steal their long established trade they might hit back! They might. I’m not saying they will.’
‘Do you reckon that Lex has reached the same conclusion?’ Sheila said as she mashed up a baked potato on her plate. ‘I mean, I have tried phoning him a few times, but he doesn’t answer. What conclusion do I draw from that?’
‘Probably sunbathing,’ Dana replied. ‘Or sitting in his hotel room feeling sorry for himself.’
Sheila nodded but didn’t seem to get Dana’s meaning. ‘Over what?’
‘Issues he and I have had!’
‘Say no more,’ Sheila replied. ‘I think we are all having a time of reflection.’
Dana smiled and took a quaff of her spring water. ‘But I wouldn’t put it passed him to just leave without giving us any notice.’
‘Well if he does that, then we will know where we stand!’ Sheila answered with a smile.
Dana cast a glance around the restaurant area. He definitely wasn’t here. ‘Actually, I think I’ll give him a call!’ she said almost with a mischievous smile. She got out her mobile and rang his number but once again there was no reply.
Sheila was watching her. ‘Very mysterious. Let me have a go.’ She got out her own mobile and rang the number Lex had given her. This time she got a message that the phone she was calling was turned off. ‘His phone’s been turned off. Now what does that suggest?’
Dana sighed thoughtfully. ‘Well, as you know, you are not allowed to use a mobile phone when you’re in flight. It could mean that he’s done a runner!’
Sheila laughed. ‘Oh goodness. I hope it has nothing to do with me. I must admit I have been a bit overly friendly towards him. As was Gwen. I mean, he’s not a bad looking chap is he?’
Dana grinned. ‘And I think he knows it!’
Sheila chortled. ‘We women are terrible aren’t we!’
‘Not as bad as the men!’ Dana said.
‘Look, I really don’t know what to make of the situation with Lex,’ Sheila said. ‘But if he does head for the hills, then that shouldn’t make any difference. I really like your style Dana, as does Gwen and so I was wondering if we could still organise something? I mean, Gwen will finance it.’
Dana frowned. ‘You do know that I’m a full time flight attendant with VLA – Vermont Lake Airlines and I’m only here in Catania on a stopover?’
‘Yes, I do, but I meant for you to be in a consultative capacity,’ Sheila said. ‘Okay, let’s say the touring idea is a nonstarter, then perhaps we can do something else? Tomorrow Gwen and I and going for another little tour of our own and wondered if you would like to join us.  But it will be more of a look around to see if we can spot something that might have business potential.’
Dana smiled. ‘Thank you for the offer. But I’ll still need to think about it. I’m not quite ready to give up the airlines yet, although I realise that what you’re offering is a consultancy.’
Sheila nodded. ‘We’re not asking you to give up your job, just to help us set something up.’
‘Well, I’d like to help you in any way I can,’ Dana said with a smile.
They chatted like this for another half-an-hour and then Dana made her excuses and went back to her suite. She was rather hoping to see Margot who had promised that they would hook up. But once again the suite was empty, although it was in a bit of a mess.
She sat on her bed and looked at her watch. The stopover was galloping away, and she hadn’t really had much fun. All her colleagues were clearly doing their own thing and Margot had got herself involved with a sailor. Great! 
As she sat there staring at the wall, she had the thought that it might be a good idea to check Lex’s hotel. He was staying at the Cassa, which she knew well. It was quite expensive and was commensurate with Lex’s income as a pilot. She decided to ring their reception to find out if Lex was still there.
Fortunately, the lady concierge on reception knew her, as did quite a number of the staff at the nearby hotels. The concierge confirmed that, ‘Mr Mark Hastings is still a guest at the Cassa Hotel.’ Dana thanked her and hung up. Well at least he was still in Catania, but for some reason was suddenly keeping a very low profile. It was just more odd behaviour, perhaps Margot was right, the man was losing it.
Dana was glad that he hadn’t been stalking her as such but was annoyed that he was now playing hide and seek. He was the one who had dumped her in an unceremonious and painful fashion making her feel quite worthless. And then he turns up nearly a year later full of remorse, tells her that he will never find another woman like her and then hides in his hotel room. It was as if he was now expecting her to make the next move.
‘Damn, damn, damn!’ Dana said aloud as she banged the bed with her fist. Then unable to contain herself anymore she got up and kicked over the coffee table which went flying. The room was a mess anyway. 
The suite suddenly seemed like a very lonely and hostile at the moment. So she decided to go down to her uncle’s bar for a drink to clear her head. It wasn’t too late. Talk about have your stopover ruined!
She didn’t bother to check her make up. She just breezed out of the suite with her purse and headed for the lift. She found her floor completely deserted, but when the lift doors slid open, she was surprised to see how packed it was. There were three elderly ladies, a man with a Zimmer frame and Lex standing there.
As soon as their eyes met Dana literally felt an electric shock. He was the last person she expected to see at this moment.
Lex got out. ‘It’s too packed for all of us,’ he said staring at her.
Dana waved her hand to the people on board. ‘I’ll take the next one, thanks.’ And the doors slid shut.
‘What are you doing here?’ Dana said trembling slightly.
‘I came to see Sheila and Gwen,’ he said. ‘They’ve been phoning me but the roaming signals here are a bit naff, so I thought I’d better come in person.’ 
‘Have you eaten?’ Dana suddenly asked and kicked herself for being so civil.
‘No, I was planning to go out for a drink,’ he said. ‘Although, I have already been having a bit of a binge in my hotel room.’ 
Dana could detect the slight scent of the alcohol on his breath. ‘Hmm.’
He shrugged. ‘Look, I know you find this situation awkward, as I do, but why don’t we just pretend we’re casually acquainted. Forget the past and go out and have a damn good drink?’
‘But you’ve just said you’ve already been drinking,’ she replied. ‘I wouldn’t want to be responsible for getting you totally tanked.’
He laughed. ‘Don’t you remember? I have a special gift. I can’t get drunk. When I drink I drink myself sober.’
She looked up the deserted landing. She could detect all those old feelings rising up again inside her. These were feelings that she thought had died long ago. She shook her head. ‘I think I’ll pass on your offer, Lex. I think it’s best to let sleeping dogs lie.’
He thrust his hands in to his pockets looking a bit crest fallen. ‘Okay, I’ll go for a stroll by myself then. But do you think we could call a truce?’
‘Are we at war then, Lex?’ she asked pointedly.
‘Well, I know you’re angry with me, so yes, but I have apologised.’
She sighed. ‘Okay, I agree that if we bump into each other we will be polite. Although, I’ll have to say no to your business proposition. I’ll tell Sheila and Gwen when I see them again.’
‘Fair enough, it’s a free country,’ he replied. ‘Okay, see you when I see you.’ He pressed the button for the next available lift.
Dana smiled politely and walked back up the landing and then when he had boarded the lift, she went down the stairs. She was determined to go out and get some fresh air and have a drink, but not in his company. He was after all, the cause of the problem.
Getting There
Dana managed to go for her little stroll without bumping into anyone and ended up buying a bottle of red wine and bringing it back to the hotel suite. She was pleased to find Margot sitting on the sofa on her own watching local tv.
‘Hey!’ Margot said.
‘What are you doing here?’ Dana enquired. ‘Did they kick you off the boat then?’
Margot laughed. ‘There’s only so much sailor stew a girl can eat. No, I thought I’d come back for some shut eye and ended watching tv. The soaps here are quite good!’
Dana studied her colleague carefully. ‘It looks like you’ve lost some weight!’
‘Well they do say it is good exercise!’
Dana had to think for a second to get Margot’s meaning. ‘Oh, I see what you mean! Enjoy it while you can!’
‘I will, believe me!’ Margot replied jauntily. ‘So how’s you and what’s his face?’
Dana broke open the wine bottle and poured out two drinks into plastic cups. She passed one to a grateful Margot. 
‘Actually, I think I’m getting over him,’ Dana said. ‘Either that or I’m not!’
Margot nodded dubiously. ‘I think I know what you mean. You seem a bit more upbeat since I last spoke to you.’
Dana nodded as she quaffed her drink. ‘You’re right. Something has been shifted and I feel better. I guess I wanted to see Lex to hear what he had to say. Because when it ended all that time ago, he never got back to me and fully explained.’
‘It’s called closure!’ Margot said.
‘Yes, I think you’re right,’ Dana said. ‘I can take him or leave him now!’
Margot patted her colleague on the arm. ‘I’m glad to hear it. Shame I can’t say the same about my sailor boy!’
They chatted like this for the next hour and then Dana retired to bed leaving Margot to watch an old rerun of an episode from The Saint. 
****
When Dana awoke the next morning, she had decided not to join Sheila and Gwen on their excursion and informed them by text. In all probability it would mean that Lex would come along, and she would be cornered again. Dana stayed in the suite chatting to the girls who were turning up haphazardly from their outings. As usual there was lots of news, but mainly about men.
Then, just when Dana thought she was safe, there was a knock on the suite door which one of the girl’s answered. It was Gwen and Sheila for Dana. Dana couldn’t believe it. Didn’t they get her text?
‘Hi, didn’t you get my message?’ Dana said awkwardly at the door in her dressing gown.
‘Well, yes,’ Sheila said out in the corridor. ‘But something has come up and we want you to see it and tell us what you think.’
Dana frowned. ‘What is it?’
‘A water well, it’s up for sale,’ Gwen said. ‘The owner is retiring, and it appeared in the business classifieds this morning. They want thirty thousand Euros for the land. Apparently it comes with a small bottling plant and the water is sold locally and to tourists.’
Dana nodded and tried to be enthusiastic. ‘Oh, that does sound interesting.’
‘Do come please?’ Sheila begged. ‘Mark, I mean Lex will do all the driving!’
Dana let out a frustrated sigh. ‘Oh really.’
‘I can see you’re not dressed, we’ll wait,’ Gwen said. 
Before Dana could think of an answer a shadow fell across the group. It was Lex. Dana found herself tensing. ‘Ah, Lex…’ she said weakly.
Sheila smiled. ‘It was thanks to him that we spotted the opportunity.’
Lex shrugged. ‘I just picked up the local paper and there it was on the back page. So I thought the least we could do is go along for a gander.’
Standing at the door of the suite, Dana looked round and saw that all the girls were staring at her. She felt cornered yet again. ‘Okay, give me ten minutes,’ she said.
‘We’ll meet you downstairs in the lobby,’ Lex said. He was all smiles. Dana presumed that by now he had explained to the ladies why he went by two names and they seemed fine about it. Dana shut the door.
‘Look,’ Margot said looking at her. ‘If you don’t want to go, don’t go.’
‘Yeah,’ another girl said. ‘Don’t let them bully you.’
‘It’s not that simple,’ Dana said going to quickly get changed. As she did, she began to wonder what else Lex had told Gwen and Sheila about their previous relationship. 
Obviously, Lex would have presented the story from his point of view. No doubt Dana would have been portrayed as the unreasonable or difficult one. In fact the bond between Lex, Sheila and Gwen seemed even firmer. And Lex’s two names were easy to explain: one was his real name and the other his nom de plume.
‘You’re mad!’ Margot said interrupting her thoughts. ‘We’ve only got a few days left and you’re wasting it on those jokers!’
Dana quickly applied some makeup in the communal mirror. ‘Believe me it ends today!’ she said and with that she left the suite with a wave.
When Dana met Lex and the ladies downstairs, they were again all smiles. They were behaving as if they’d had a good chat and had reached an understanding. Lex appeared to be back to his old self and was cracking quips which Dana found jarring. 
At one point Gwen even slapped him on the back and Sheila grabbed Dana’s arm over something quite trivial. Dana couldn’t understand what was going on.
But then she had a flash of intuition. It was something Sheila said about, ‘forgiving those we used to love.’ Dana tried to read between the lines, but the car they had hired was delivered and they all climbed aboard. This time the women insisted that Dana sit in the front next to Lex.
It was only when they were half a mile up the road that Dana realised what was happening. Gwen and Sheila were trying to get Dana back with Lex! Dana was sure of it. Lex must have moaned to them that he regretted their relationship breaking down, and now they were trying to help repair it. And their ulterior motive was clear, so that Dana would accept their offer of a consultancy and help them start a business.
The thought put Dana on guard for the rest of the journey. And with every passing remark it became obvious that the excursion now had two objectives. To see a water well and rekindle Lex’s love life. Far from being comfortable and understanding about it, Dana only felt annoyed. She felt she was being used. Dana wished she had taken Margot’s advice and not gone, but it was too late now. 
Dana noted that Lex, who was consulting a map, was driving towards Mount Etna. When she asked specifically where they were going Lex said, ‘Villagio Gardenia. Sounds quaint.’
‘Why don’t you use the Satnav,’ Sheila enquired.
‘Don’t trust them,’ Lex replied.
Once again, they were sitting in a large four by four, a Kia Stonic, which the ladies were very impressed with. The drive was quite a smooth one and eventually they reached their destination, an area of nicely cultivated land with fruit trees.
‘This is a good sign,’ Lex observed. ‘It means that there’s plenty of good irrigation.’
Gwen double checked the address she had been given by the owner. This definitely was it. When Lex slowly drove up the gravel drive, they were greeted by three smiling men, apparently in their sixties or seventies.
‘You are the first interested enquiry,’ one of the men said.
Lex parked up where he was directed, and everyone got out of the car.
‘This is a nice piece of land,’ Gwen said.
‘We completely developed it ourselves,’ one of the men said in perfect English. ‘I’m Basilio, welcome. Obviously, you want to see the water well, follow me!’
Everyone trailed behind the men, with Lex asking all the right business questions. Every so often he would cast a glance at Dana who tried to respond positively to what was being discussed. After walking about a hundred meters they came to the well itself.
It was clearly an old well, which had been formerly buried and was now resurrected. Numerous pipes were connected to it which led back to a corrugated iron shed that was being used to process the natural water. There were hundreds of plastic bottles filled with the freshly processed water waiting to be shipped out.
Basilio, a thin white haired man, smiled. ‘Please have a taste. The water has a particular purity which makes it very popular.’ He opened one of the bottles and poured it out into some plastic beakers.
Lex took a long pull of his and nodded his head. ‘Tastes like regular spring,’ he said.
Dana agreed. ‘Nice and refreshing, just what you need on a day like this.’
Sheila and Gwen were also in full agreement.
Lex looked directly at Dana. ‘What do you think?’
Dana raised her eyebrows. ‘I have come across this bottled water in the shops in Catania and I’ve definitely drunk it before.’ 
Gwen was wearing her businesswoman’s face. ‘So, Basilio, you said earlier that you shift two hundred bottles a day on average? Are you responsible for shipping it to the customers?’
‘Yes, we have to,’ Basilio said. ‘We have three delivery vans which go all over the island. It competes well with the imported stuff. And people drink it because it is native Sicilian water.’
‘Sounds like a straightforward business Dana, eh?’ Lex said.
Dana frowned. It was almost as if they were waiting for her to make the decision. And if she was enthusiastic, the likelihood would be that Gwen would go ahead with the deal. This would then mean Dana would be tied to the business and tied to Lex as well.
Dana was thoughtful for a moment. At the back of her mind she couldn’t shake the suspicion that this was really all about Lex wanting to get her back. He was even prepared to buy a business just for her to achieve this, with Gwen’s help of course,
Lex was giving her a soulful look as she stood there contemplating the water. Despite his breeziness, Dana could tell that underneath he was desperate. And she could relate to that, because that was exactly how she felt when she had lost him. So if she gave the business the thumbs down, it would literally be like a knife in his heart. She knew that.
‘The bottles are a nice design,’ Lex said encouragingly.
Dana nodded. ‘Classical,’ she managed to say.
Lex smiled broadly at her and she knew that without doubt, he still truly loved her. And if she were honest with herself, she still loved him. His cruel actions all those months ago had not erased her feelings which were as strong now as they were then. But the full answer as to why he had done what he did still hadn’t been given. It was almost as if he didn’t know himself or couldn’t bring himself to admit the full truth.
‘It’s a business we could all be proud of,’ Lex said. ‘We could really go forward with this, personally and professionally.’
‘And we could export to the rest of the world,’ Sheila chipped in.
Gwen’s eyes glazed over. ‘America, the Soviet Union, all of Europe.’
‘Not necessarily in that order,’ Lex said giving Dana a tap on the arm and everybody laughed.
‘We have had offers from abroad,’ Basilio said. ‘We had to turn the offers down for reasons I’ll explain another time. At the moment, it is just me and my two brothers, Luca and Dano running everything. I do the admin and water purification and they do they supply side.’
Gwen frowned. ‘So the water needs to be purified?’
Basilio smiled. ‘Filtered to remove the bugs etc!’
Lex said, ‘Basilio do you mind if we have a quick discussion?’
‘No problem,’ Basilio said strolling towards the door. ‘I’ll be here when you want to resume.’
Lex took Dana to one side. ‘So what do you think?’ 
Dana glanced at Sheila and Gwen who were strolling around the shed looking at the equipment. ‘Lex, you’re asking me as if I actually know about this kind of thing. But I haven’t a clue about the water bottling business at all.’
‘I assumed that,’ he said. ‘But what I’m really asking is, would you be interested in joining us in this enterprise? Could you forgive me for the way I acted and give me another chance?’
Dana sighed. ‘You do realise that you’re putting me under a lot of pressure?’
‘Look, I’m not trying to ruin your life here in Catania,’ he said lowering his voice. ‘But I don’t think I can go on for the rest of my life without you.’
Gwen, who was on the other side of the shed raised an eyebrow.
Lex took Dana to the door where Basilio was having a cigarette. The man moved away respectfully.
‘Dana, tell me, do you feel anything for me? Anything at all?’ Lex asked earnestly.
‘Lex, I don’t think this is the time and place to discuss this. But yes, I do, but I have…reservations.’
‘I understand that,’ he said. ‘Could you bear working with me, Gwen and Sheila in an enterprise? I also understand you’re still employed by VLA.’
Dana sidestepped the question. ‘Let me just say that I think this is a viable business, even though I haven’t seen the company accounts. But I think the asking price is too reasonable, so we need to find out why that is. And okay, I do know a lot of people in Catania and Sicily in general and I’m sure if they knew I was going into business they would give me their support.’
Lex nodded. ‘Is that a yes then?’
Dana thought for a long moment. ‘It’s a conditional yes.’
Lex suddenly grabbed her and gave her a big hug. Dana smiled awkwardly. It seemed to be a signal for Gwen and Sheila to join them.
‘So do think we could do something?’ Gwen asked Dana.
Dana held up her hand. ‘Gwen I’m not a business expert. But I know a lot of shop keepers who would buy stock from us. This water is already quite well known already, but I’m not sure it sells on the Italian mainland.’
‘Is thirty thousand Euros a good price for this business plus the land?’ Sheila asked.
‘I’m not sure,’ Dana said. ‘Let’s see the company accounts and makes some enquiries at the town hall. There may be something they’re not telling us. Maybe the land is sinking? Maybe they don’t even own the property. We need to double check everything they’re telling us.’
‘I knew talking to you was a good idea,’ Lex said. ‘Because I’m inclined to skip over little details like that.’
Sheila said, ‘Okay, I think we should go to phase one.’
Gwen laughed. ‘We’ll say we’re going to make some enquiries, but we are very interested.’
Lex nodded. ‘Okay, I’ll speak to Basilio and then we’ll take it from there.’ 
Dana pulled a doubtful face. She had now committed herself, but it still wasn’t too late to pull out. She just hoped that Lex didn’t have the wrong idea.
A Third Party
Basilio seemed quite pleased with their decision and understood that they wanted to do a follow up with the town hall. However, he did typically suggest that a number of others had expressed interest in the business, so it would be first come first served.
Lex promised that they would get back to Basilio with a firm decision within seventy-two hours, which seemed acceptable to him. This meant that Dana had to pull her finger out and make some essential enquiries.
‘We should have gone into business before,’ Lex said. ‘When we were together.’
Now that they were alone standing outside the Cassa Hotel, Dana felt free to speak her mind. ‘Lex, I’m agreeing to help because I like Gwen and Sheila, but I’m not saying that I want to get back with you.’
He looked hurt by her words. ‘I know that,’ he replied. ‘But one can always hope.’
‘There’s been too much water under the bridge,’ Dana said. ‘We’re different people now.’
‘Even so, you still like me a little, don’t you? You said as much!’
‘Lex, don’t beg, it doesn’t become you.’
‘But you’re not seeing anyone at the moment, are you?’ he said hopefully.
‘No.’ She was trying to be realistic, but still her heart went out to him. He looked so forlorn as if everything really did depend on her approval and agreement. He was clearly desperate, and this was a last ditch attempt on his part to heal an almost irreparable rift. 
But as much as she did feel for him and love him, she didn’t want to risk making a foolish decision and take him back. He needed to prove that this time around he was really committed to her. It was something which went beyond the mere making of empty promises. 
‘I think we need to have our first proper business meeting,’ Lex suggested. ‘Decide who does what.’
Dana reluctantly nodded her head. ‘Okay, but you must understand, I will help with the local paperwork and do some checks, but I’m not leaving VLA. In fact my stopover is due to come to an end soon.’
‘If you could just put a positive word round that would be good enough,’ Lex said. ‘Perhaps we can employ you as a remote consultant. I mean, laptops enable you to be anywhere.’
Dana nodded. ‘Yes, and as I say, I do know a lot of people in Catania, and they all know my uncle Noman, and so I’m sure they’d be happy to try our water out. And it’s being sold locally, so it’s not unknown.  Even my uncle would stock it if I asked. Then perhaps I can spread the word wherever I go as a flight attendant. If I had some literature I could target different places, different countries.’
‘You’d be like a travelling saleswoman,’ Lex said with a smirk.
Dana was thoughtful. ‘Well, every airport has franchises. They’ll talk to me as a member of airline staff and would probably be open to stocking our water, especially if we offer them a good price. Just think how many thousand people go through the terminals and stop to have a coffee or a bottle of Evian!’
‘This idea is sounding better and better!’ Lex said giving her a warm look. ‘When I get a piloting gig, I could do the same. As you know I’m freelance and take jobs when I can get them.’
‘Hmm,’ Dana looked at her watch. ‘Okay. I really have to go now and see the girls back at the hotel.  They’re here with me on this break and I’ve been badly neglecting them.’
‘Fine,’ Lex said. ‘I’ll ring you tomorrow.’
Dana nodded and quickly walked up the street and back to her hotel hoping to catch up with Margot whom she had been missing. When she got back to the suite, Margot was lying on her bed eating fried chicken on a paper plate and watching the tv. None of the other girls were back yet although it was still early evening.
Margot gave her a wave. ‘There she is! How did it go? Did you tell them to go to hell?’
Dana changed into something more comfortable. The shoes she had been wearing had been hurting her feet. ‘No, we reached an understanding. I’m going to be like a travelling consultant. See, we’re going into the bottled water business.’
Margot laughed. ‘Is that what he told you?’
‘Truly we are,’ Dana said as she put on a pair of slippers. ‘We visited the business today and saw the well.’
The smirk on Margot’s face was wide. ‘You saw the well? Do you realise how funny this sounds?’
‘No, honestly. There’s a bottling facility and everything. We’re going worldwide with this.’
Margot almost choked on her chicken. ‘Tell me you’re kidding! So in other words you’re still hung up on this guy?’
‘Well maybe still a little.’
Margot sighed as if the weight of the world was on her shoulders. ‘Listen, it sounds to me that he’s just trying to use you.’
‘There are also two other women involved,’ Dana said. ‘Didn’t I tell you?’
‘They came to the door.’
‘Yes that’s right!’ Dana replied.
‘My advice is just to be careful,’ Margot said. ‘He’s already broken your heart and in my book that makes him a very dodgy customer. Is he asking you for any money?’
Dana shook her head. ‘No, it’s nothing like that. There’s a woman called Gwen who is putting up all the money and they simply want to use my local connections.’
Margot nodded but was clearly suspicious. ‘Well, whatever you do just don’t leave yourself open to manipulation. If it was me, I would run a mile!’
Dana nodded tiredly. Margot’s suspicions were no doubt based on her own extensive experience with men. But in her case, she was a bit of a maneater in her own right and had her own agenda. She hadn’t quite got to the point where she wanted to settle down. Whereas Dana was an eternal optimist by nature and still saw someone like Lex as a good bet. The main question was trust. Was it possible to maintain a business relationship with a person who had let you down in the past?
****
As it happened, one of the officials in the business registration department at the Catania Town Hall was a regular customer at her uncle’s bar. Dana knew him by sight, and he agreed to run a check on the water well. He found that a Basilio Grande had inherited the land from his father and the water well had been discovered quite by accident afterwards.
Before that, the land was just part of private property, but once the well was up and running it became an enterprise. From what the official could see everything about the deal was above board. There was just one problem. News of the impending sale had spread like wildfire and everyone now knew about it. So it was important to act quickly to secure the sale.
Dana phoned Lex with this information straight away. ‘We better make up our minds,’ she said.
‘Let’s have another meeting with the ladies,’ he suggested.
Dana agreed and a hasty meeting was convened in the hotel bar downstairs. Gwen and Sheila seemed agreeable to make the purchase, but it was Lex’s turn to express doubts.
‘I have an uneasy feeling that when we see Basilio again we’re going to get a different reception,’ he said.
‘What do you think, Dana?’ Gwen asked.
‘From what I was told, the selling price of the business might be affected,’ Dana said.
‘You’re talking about gazumping?’ Sheila said.
‘It’s possible,’ Dana said. ‘I think we need to contact Basilio and ask if the price is still good. If he has had a lot of enquiries then it becomes a seller’s market.’
Lex pulled a regretful face. ‘Dana is right.’
Gwen sighed heavily. ‘I thought it sounded too good to be true. So how much more are we willing to pay if the price does go up?’
‘We would need to assess that based on what kind of a turnover the business is currently enjoying,’ Dana said.
‘I was just going to say the same thing,’ Lex added.
‘I can see that you two are well in step with each other,’ Gwen said with a smile.
Dana raised her eyebrows. ‘Hmm.’
‘Old habits are hard to break,’ Lex sudden said. ‘But I wouldn’t be here at all if it wasn’t for Dana. I only came here because of her, and I’m grateful because I can see a future for us all in the water business.’
Dana averted her eyes. The topic seemed to have refocused itself on her. ‘Well, it would only be a part time thing for me.’
Lex nodded. ‘And me also. Once we get some more help, I wouldn’t need to be so hands-on.’
Sheila didn’t seem to like this. ‘Oh, really? I thought you were going to give up piloting?’
Lex shrugged. ‘I’ll always be a freelance.’
‘But Dana will be based here, won’t she?’ Gwen asked.
‘On and off,’ Dana said.
‘Shame,’ Sheila said. ‘You would make such a nice couple…on the rebound!’ 
Dana grimaced internally. ‘Well, that’s all water under the bridge now no pun intended.’ 
Lex pulled an enquiring face. ‘Is it? I thought we were going to be friends?’
‘Well, yes…’ Dana replied uncertainly.  
‘I think you either said it or implied it,’ Lex said with an easy laugh. ‘I mean, you’re agreeing to be consultant, so I just assumed things were getting back to normal.’
Dana shot him a look. What on earth was the man talking about? ‘We’ll see how we go,’ she said hoping that the ladies would change the subject.
Gwen smiled broadly. ‘If we’re going to all be in business together, the least we can be is friends!’
‘I’ll second that!’ Sheila said.
‘Me too!’ Lex said.
‘I gather you don’t have a significant other at the moment?’ Sheila said looking directly at Dana.
Dana took a breath. ‘Not at present. They’re not a dime a dozen you see!’
‘Well, I say why waste your valuable time looking when you’ve got a perfectly good young man here!’ Gwen said.
Dana almost couldn’t believe her ears. Was Gwen really talking about Lex, who was now in his mid-forties? ‘Ah, yes, nice and young…’ she managed to say trying to make a joke out of the comment.
Lex sat back in his chair. ‘You’re embarrassing me now, Gwen.’
‘Someone one has to say it!’ Gwen replied almost defiantly. ‘I can tell when a young couple is in love, even if they don’t admit it themselves. And it doesn’t matter that it didn’t work out the first time. Life is too short to be so picky!’
Dana fluttered her eyelids and smiled at Sheila. ‘That’s me being told!’
Sheila tapped Gwen on her arm. ‘Best not to interfere my dear, or we’ll scare off our partners!’
Gwen laughed. ‘What did Scrooge used to say? Humbug! I speak my mind when I have to, and I think Lex and Dana are two marvelous people who shouldn’t be so hard on themselves.’
‘I’m confused,’ Sheila said looking at Lex. ‘So can I safely assume that Caroline isn’t on the scene anymore?’
Lex’s face froze.
Dana remained as still as a statue in her chair. The two ladies were clearly a mine of information where Lex’s private life was concerned. However, there was something familiar about that name – ‘Caroline’. Dana might possibly had heard this name before but had forgotten about it. Dana could only wonder if that was the person who had filled the vacuum in Lex’s life when Dana had split from him. 
‘Caroline is just a friend,’ Lex managed to say giving Dana a pained look.
‘There are friends and there are friends,’ Gwen said. ‘But I think you need to make up your mind which one is more important!’
Dana was astonished at Gwen’s complete lack of sensitivity. It was time to take her leave. If she didn’t head back to her hotel suite now, she would end up in a heap on the restaurant floor. 
Getting Serious
The new revelations about Caroline could have knocked Dana for six, but then the fact that Lex had befriended a colleague was hardly unreasonable. However, if the relationship was serious then why did he come to Catania? 
Dana still couldn’t get to grips with the real reasons for his reappearance. Did he just come for a short stay and then accidently bump into her? And then pretend that he was romantically interested in her just to get her to help out Sheila and Gwen? Was this a classic case of being used, as Margot suspected?
Lex had given her every impression that he really wanted to get back with her and so might have been planning to tell her about Caroline at a later date. Then again, she might just be a person he knew casually. Surely it wasn’t that damned estate agent who had an office in Birmingham?
In the claustrophobic environment of a cabin crew of an aircraft, friendships are formed quickly. Female flight attendants tended looked to the pilots for a bit of romance, or an escort for the night during a stay somewhere. Caroline might simply have been a stewardess he had hooked up with. There may not be any real romance involved at all.
Returning tiredly to her suite, Dana was grateful to find it empty, even if messy, and she made herself a quick very sugary tea and sat down on the sofa. The whole stopover had virtually been frittered away, but on what? A hill of beans? False expectations?
The thought then came to her that perhaps Caroline was just an old flame and perhaps she wasn’t on the scene anymore. Wasn’t that what Sheila had asked? Lex’s response to that question didn’t give much away and he played it down. He also spoke in the present tense describing Caroline as a friend. So this surely meant that she must still be on the scene in some capacity. 
But assuming there was nothing in it or it had come to an end, how genuine were his intentions? Perhaps Caroline had told him to take a hike and he had come to Catania looking for solace. This would then make Dana a second choice, and who wanted to be second pick? Also, how did he know that she was here?
Lex certainly was aware of her uncle Norman’s bar which he had had for years. So perhaps Lex had heard down the airline grapevine that Dana was in town and decided to try his luck again. There was also the question of how he had got entangled with Gwen and Sheila in the first place.  Apparently they had read his book. But here there was a gap in Dana’s knowledge.
She took a deep swig of her tea. She was wearing her brain out, but the strength of the tea slowly revived her. Some folk swore by chicken soup, but tea never failed to make her feel better.
At that moment her phone buzzed. It was text from Sheila. ‘You alright dear? I hope I didn’t say anything out of turn.’
Dana stared at the text forlornly. There was no getting away from them. ‘No not at all. I’m fine thank you. Sorry, I just had to powder my nose,’ she texted back.
‘Oh, so are you good to trot over to Basilio’s with us to get the deal done?’ Sheila texted.
Dana sighed again. She was in two minds to go. She might have a word with her uncle Norman who knew a thing or two about business and ask for some advice. But if Gwen wanted to spend her money on a business then she needed to make the decisions herself.
Of course going to see Basilio meant sitting in the car with Lex, but he seemed good at being evasive. He would probably put the radio on. He would also surely not enjoy any interrogation from Gwen over his love life.
However, Dana realised that she had committed herself to seeing it through and she couldn’t be churlish and just dump everyone. Also, Lex shouldn’t be judged on a casual comment made by Sheila. He was surely owed the chance of a full explanation. A chance to defend himself, Dana thought.
‘Okay, Sheila, I’ll be down in ten minutes,’ Dana texted and hung up.
It was at this point that Margot opened the door of the suite and slipped in with a handsome young black sailor. ‘You okay, babe?’ she asked giving Dana an inquisitive look.
Dana stood up. ‘Oh hi, yes I’m fine!’
‘This is Ray,’ Margot said introducing her friend. ‘Ray this is Dana.’
‘The pleasure is all mine,’ said Ray in a bewitching America accent as he displayed a flawless set of sparkling white teeth.
‘Dana’s having man friend troubles!’ Margot announced.
The sailor folded his arms and put his head on one side. ‘You want me to go bop the guy for you? Me and my crew buddies?’
Dana smiled self-consciously. ‘No, thank you...Ray. I’m just going to have another talk with him. But thanks anyway!’ 
****
In light of the news that Lex had been seeing someone called Caroline, Dana decided to wear her mask of indifference.  Lex probably now realised that he owed her an explanation of some sort. 
He obviously knew that she was wondering who this person was and what she meant to him. So Dana decided to leave it to him to make the overtures and if he didn’t, well that was good too. He could go back to where he had come from.
What Dana had decided above all, was that the bottled water business was not for her. She would do what she could to help out in the initial stages, spread the word and then that would be it. And that would be regardless of whether Lex was still seeing this Caroline or not.
There seemed to her that there was something fundamentally wrong with the idea of getting back with an old flame, especially if it had ended in acrimony. In fact, it had ended in a very cruel way and Dana told herself not to forget that.
Putting on her ‘mask’, which was basically an unassuming look, she found Lex and the ladies in hotel lobby. They all, in their individual way gave her a sympathetic look. Obviously, they had been talking about her and Dana would have given anything to have been a fly on the wall.
‘Hi,’ Lex said putting on a fake smile. ‘I spoke with Basilio and he did say the situation has changed slightly regarding the sale, but he has invited us back over for another chat. Apparently he has had quite a few offers.’
Dana nodded. ‘Be prepared,’ she managed to say.
Sheila grabbed her arm. ‘You okay?’
‘Yeah fine,’ Dana said. ‘I just wanted to put on some sun block.’
Gwen gave her a knowing look. ‘Goodness, you’ve got a point there. My back’s been burning a bit. We’ll just have to keep out of the sun.’
Lex led the way to yet another hired SUV and climbed behind the wheel. This gave Sheila the chance to quickly whisper something into Dana’s ear. ‘Dear, if you’re upset about this Caroline, don’t be. Gwen said she overhead Lex talking to her on the phone and it wasn’t all lovey dovey…’
‘What’s that?’ Gwen said turning around as she climbed into the back seat of the car.
‘Nothing Gwen!’ Sheila replied going around the other side of the car.
Dana reluctantly climbed in next to Lex. He shot her an odd look like a guilty man trying to behave normally. ‘You okay?’ he asked lamely.
‘Perfectly fine,’ she said. ‘You?’
He nodded and started up the car. ‘I think we need to prepare ourselves for a big price hike.’
‘Don’t try and scare me,’ Gwen said on the back seat. ‘I’m prepared to go up to fifty thousand and that’s it.’
‘Even if you paid seventy it would still be a good deal,’ Lex suggested as they drove out of Catania. ‘If they’re shifting two hundred bottles of water a day, we’re talking a three or four thousand Euro turnover a month, I would think.’
‘How much does a bottle of water sell for in the shops?’ Sheila asked. ‘I haven’t bought one for ages.’
‘Anything from fifty cents to one Euro fifty, for a small bottle,’ Dana said.
‘So you’d make your investment back in less than a year and you’d end up owning some land which presumably you could build on,’ Lex said.
‘You’d need to get planning permission first,’ Dana said.
‘Sure, but that would be easy I should think, and you could run a guesthouse,’ Lex said. ‘If you have land there’s a lot you can do.’
Although the conversation was proceeding smoothly, Dana was now wondering what Gwen had overhead Lex say to Caroline on the phone. Sheila had said that it hadn’t been all lovey dovey. 
Were they having a lover’s tiff? Was Lex ending it? Or was it about something completely different?
After a fairly tortuous drive, with Dana going quietly mad with suspense, they arrived at Basilio’s property and was surprised to see several other cars in the driveway. There was also a hastily erected sign next to the large gates which read: Asta alle 14:00.
‘What does that sign mean?’ Gwen asked, her face concerned.
Dana sighed. ‘Auction at two o’clock!’ 
Bit Of A Confusion
Basilio greeted them and shrugged. ‘Thank you for coming, but I’m afraid have been advised by my lawyer to conduct this auction to see if I can get a better price for the business.’
Lex nodded. ‘We understand, but I thought we had an agreement?’
They were standing behind a row of chairs filled with interested buyers out in the open behind the bottling shed. A table had been set up in front of this for the auctioneer.
Basilio nodded. ‘But nothing was signed, although you could have made me an offer there and then which I probably would have accepted.’
Gwen sighed and shook her head. ‘I had a feeling this might happen.’
Sheila said, ‘I suppose we may as well take part now that we are here.’
Lex chewed his bottom lip and took Dana’s arm. ‘Mind if we have a quick talk,’ he said taking her to one side.
They walked about fifteen feet away.  Lex dropped his voice. ‘Dana I really need to talk to you.’
Dana knitted her brow. ‘I’m afraid even with my contacts there’s not much I can do about this.’
‘Not about the auction, about Caroline.’
At the mention of that name Dana found herself tensing. Lex was lucky they were talking in front of all these people, otherwise she might have been tempted to slap his face or stub his toe. The suspense regarding Caroline was killing her, but she didn’t want to talk about the matter right this minute. It would be like washing dirty laundry in public. ‘Look, I hardly expected you to have been a monk after we split,’ she said.
One of the would-be buyers sitting in the chairs looked around.
Lex walked her a bit further away. ‘But still Dana, I feel I need to explain.’
‘I feel you do too, but this is not the time, Lex.’
‘I thought you’d be interested,’ he said.
‘I am and I’m not, to be honest,’ she replied. ‘But I don’t like being pressured and talking about this right now is pressurising! We’ll talk later.’
Lex sighed and shook his head. ‘Let’s take our seats.’
Sheila and Gwen followed him around to some seats at the front. It was just in time as the elderly auctioneer got up, and speaking in English, began the auction. He seemed rather fond of using his wooden mallet which seemed entirely unnecessary considering there was only one Lot for auction.
As the auction proceeded, it was clear that there was a lot of interest from the crowd. The bidding started at fifty thousand Euros and rose and rose thereafter. Gwen’s face was a picture of sheer horror and dashed hopes. At one point, when the bidding reached eighty-thousand Euros, she appeared on the verge of tears. Sheila had to hold her hand to keep her spirits up.
Finally, to the disappointment of everyone there, the bidding finished at a hundred and sixty thousand Euros. Two suspicious-looking men in their thirties in dark suits had bagged the business. Gwen had stopped bidding at the seventy thousand mark. Sheila gave her a conciliatory hug. Lex’s face was one of resignation.
But despite these apparent emotions from her friends, Dana actually felt relieved. It meant that she could now just walk away, hop on the next plane with her Vermont Lake Airline colleagues and resume her life as a flight attendant. She certainly wasn’t going to chase around Sicily looking for another business opportunity with the ladies.
‘Well what now?’ Sheila asked sadly.
‘Keep looking,’ Lex said. ‘Starting a business was never going to be easy.’
‘But I liked this one,’ Gwen said. ‘I really did.’
They headed back to the car. They didn’t even have a chance to say goodbye to Basilio who was busy with the new owners.
‘What do you think Dana?’ Lex said as he took the steering wheel of their SUV.
‘I think we all need a good drink,’ she replied. 
‘I couldn’t agree more!’ Sheila said. There were the beginnings of tears in her eyes.
****
After everyone had gone back to their hotel rooms, Dana phoned her uncle Norman at his bar. She brought him up to scratch on what she had been doing as she hadn’t seen him for a couple of days. He seemed genuinely interested and chided her for not coming to him earlier. He said he knew of a similar business up for sale on the other side of the island that even included a house. 
Dana begged him not to say anything about it as she wanted to go back to her normal life. Her uncle agreed and offered to treat her friends to some drinks on the house as a consolation for their disappointed, which Dana accepted.
As Dana now had Gwen and Sheila’s personal numbers she gave Sheila a quick ring in her hotel room. ‘Hi, just wanted to tell you that we’ve been invited to Grammaticos, my uncle’s bar for some drinks. I think the first round is on him!’ 
‘Oh that sounds nice,’ Sheila replied.
‘How’s Gwen doing?’ Dana asked.
‘Been swearing a lot. And she started to complain about her foot again.’
‘Sounds like she wants to see that doctor for a hug!’ Dana suggested.
‘Hmm, it does sound a bit suspicious,’ Sheila said. ‘What time for drinks?’
‘Perhaps we can meet in the lobby of our hotel at eight and then we can walk down to my uncle’s bar!’
‘Is Lex invited?’ Sheila asked awkwardly.
‘Of course!’ Dana replied in a slightly disingenuous tone.
‘Look forward to it,’ Sheila said, and they hung up. 
****
When Dana went downstairs to meet everyone at the appointed time, there was only Lex there. He appeared nervous and distracted.
‘Where are they ladies?’ Dana understandably enquired.
‘Gwen’s foot been playing her up I’m afraid, and they send their apologies,’ Lex said. ‘So it’s just me and you. You can cancel it if you want. I’ll understand.’
Dana shook her head, slightly relieved they weren’t coming. ‘No, that’s alright, we need to have a chat anyway.’
‘I had a feeling you’d say that,’ he replied. ‘Mind if I smoke?’
‘No, I’ll have one if you can spare it.’
He proffered his pack of cigarettes towards her and she took one. ‘I thought you’d given up yonks ago.’
‘I have,’ she replied. ‘This will be the only one I’ll be smoking for a while.’
He lit her up and they puffed away for a moment and then drifted out through the hotel’s glass doors into the street. The air was warm but not overpowering and Dana felt she was on top of the situation.
‘So do I need to ask the sixty-four thousand dollar question?’ she said as they strolled slowly towards her uncle’s bar.
‘Is that accounting for inflation?’ he said obscurely.
‘What?’
He gave her a hard look. ‘Dana, and I are not a couple, okay?’
Dana nodded. ‘Okay. Were you ever a couple?’
He frowned. ‘The past is the past. Surely what matters is now.’
‘Are you evading my question?’
‘It’s a bit personal isn’t it?’ he said.
She paused in the street and stopped walking. ‘Look if you don’t want to discuss it with me fine.’
‘No wait, I’m not being deliberately awkward,’ he said.
She looked at him. You could have fooled me, she thought. Just being here in Catania on her doorstep was awkward. ‘So you and Caroline were never a couple?’
‘No,’ he answered. ‘But we were just friends and are friends.’
She nodded. ‘I think I’m starting to see a pattern here.’
‘A pattern?’
‘Yes the pilot stewardess thing. It’s going on as we speak.’
‘She wasn’t a stewardess,’ he said. ‘She’s the estate agent that we both knew.’
Dana frowned. The woman’s name was familiar. Lex really needed to start expressing himself a bit better. He had come to Catania, presumably to find her and now he was tongue tied. Didn’t he have a readymade speech prepared?
Also, she didn’t think her questions were unreasonable; they were logical and entirely expected. He had tossed her aside without so much as a by-your-leave and so he owed her a fuller explanation, surely? Just saying that he felt trapped or claustrophobic wasn’t good enough.
‘I see you’re finding this difficult,’ she said.
‘I’d feel better with a couple of drinks inside me,’ he said. ‘I do want to tell you, I do, but not here in the street.’
‘At least the street is fairly private.’
‘We’ll talk in the bar,’ he insisted.
She sighed. It was his way of being in control by not giving in to her straight away. But something else appeared to be going on. She was certain that the thing with Caroline wasn’t just a casual fling. There was some other issue which he was finding hard to talk about. ‘Okay, the first round will be on my uncle,’ she said.
‘I’ll take care of any rounds after that,’ he stated with a dry smile. 
Instead of nodding she blinked. But if he didn’t give her a reasonable explanation of what was really going on, then she would finish with him then and there.
Not Very Comfortable
Dana was surprised when her uncle Norman and Maria came over to their little round table at Grammaticos with some wine and arancini. ‘On the house!’ her uncle said with a big cheesy smile.
Lex thanked him profusely. ‘People here are so hospitable!’
‘Yes, the Sicilians are very hospitable, but I’m an ex-pat,’ her uncle replied. Then he did something unusual. He sat down at the table with them.
Dana raised her eyebrows. This was not typical of her uncle’s behaviour and so suspected that something was afoot.
‘Pardon my liberty,’ her uncle said. ‘I just wanted to say quickly that if you’re looking for a business to buy, this one is up for grabs. I’ll take two hundred and fifty thousand Euros but I’m willing to negotiate!’
Dana frowned. ‘Oh uncle Norm, you’re not going to give this place up, are you?’ She was genuinely disappointed.
Lex seemed mildly interested. ‘Oh really? I expect Dana has told you all about our adventures?’
Dana’s uncle nodded. ‘She did. But why buy a business and only sell water when you can sell wonderful Sicilian wine and Moretti beer? We have a healthy turnover, and the customers are mostly well behaved. Two people can run the bar and even handle the cooking. You’ll make your investment back in the first eighteen months!’
Lex nodded and gave Dana a veiled look. ‘Well this is certainly food for thought. I shall have to consult with out senior partner who is the main investor.’
Dana’s uncle waved his hands. ‘I understand. But for the price of an English house, you’ll be set up for life here. You’ll own the freehold. Plus there are digs above the bar. Actually it’s a very luxurious flat with two toilets.’
Lex laughed. ‘Then it sounds like a bargain!’
Dana’s uncle stood up. ‘Just a thought. Let me know if you’re interested.’ He bent down a gave Dana a kiss on the cheek and went back to the bar.
‘He’s a fast mover!’ Lex said brightly.
‘He used to be in the army,’ Dana said. ‘Most of his customers are army and ex-army.’
‘Hopefully, he’ll put in a good word if we go for it.’
Dana sighed. She didn’t want to talk business. ‘Can we talk about this later. I’m still waiting to hear what you were going to say about Caroline.’
Lex nodded and then looked down at his wine. He probably would have preferred a lager or a stiff scotch. He was silent for several long contemplative moments. 
Dana was growing more and more tense, as if what Lex was going to say might have catastrophic consequences for her. But he seemed to be contentedly in his own thoughts as his eyes roamed around the bar.
‘Yes, Caroline!’ he finally said, although he didn’t seem anxious to go into any detail. Dana began to suspect that what he had to say about her would not be palatable.
‘Yes?’ Dana encouraged gently.
‘She helped me pick up the pieces after we split,’ he finally volunteered.
Dana nodded again but found this remark a bit crass. After all, it was he who had ended it all and he had done it in a particularly nasty way. So why had he been so emotionally needy afterwards that he required someone to help him get over it? In fact, Dana had truly been the needy one; she had literally felt tossed away like a bit of unwanted rubbish. So exactly what pieces was he referring to? His broken self-esteem? His damaged sense of personal worth? 
‘She took the time to hear me out,’ Lex said again as he took a quaff of his wine. ‘She knew I was really down and was really supportive.’
Dana took this in without comment. It seemed to her that Caroline might have been helping Lex justify his actions in his own mind. But his actions could not be justified. They had not been dignified. Dana had been with him for three years, and they had been wonderful years. And so when he ended it in the abrupt way he did, it was a shock. 
Dana took a sip of her wine and wondered whether this exercise was a complete waste of a good evening when a thought came to her. ‘Lex, when did you first meet this Caroline?’
Lex gave her a pained look and was about to speak, but again words failed him. ‘Well…’
‘Yes?’
‘Quite a while ago,’ he said. ‘I met her quite a while back. We rented our first flat through her firm.’
‘I see,’ Dana replied as she tried to piece something together in her mind. It was a long shot, but when they rented their first flat they had done it through a lady estate agent. So had he actually hooked up with the same agent then?
He smiled and took another sip of his drink.
Dana then had a flash of inspiration. ‘I know this sounds silly, but are we talking about Caroline Stoppard, that estate agent?’
Lex shot her and then his face relaxed. ‘You’ve got a good memory.’
‘It just came to me,’ Dana said.
‘Well done!’
Dana was slowly beginning to get angry. ‘So are you telling me you were actually seeing that estate agent behind my back? While we were first setting up in that stupid flat?’
‘I thought you said you loved that flat?’ he countered.
‘Don’t change the subject,’ Dana said clenching her fists. She had raised her voice slightly which got the attention of her uncle on the other side of the bar. So she quickly smiled and lowered her voice. ‘Are we seriously talking about that Caroline?’
‘Yes, yes, but it wasn’t like that,’ Lex said. ‘It was after we split up and I needed to rent another flat, a smaller one, so I went back to the same agent and we got talking.’
‘I see,’ Dana said biting her bottom lip. ‘And what happened? Did she say poor you? Poor Lex now all on his lonesome?’
Lex shook his head and smiled self-consciously. ‘You don’t have to be like that!’
‘But she was there for you in your hour of need then?’
‘Jesus, Dana, I’m sorry you feel so upset about this,’ he said.
‘Are you still in contact with her?’
‘Dana, it was she who advised me to come and find you!’
‘What?’ Dana was perplexed. ‘I don’t understand. Why would she do a thing like that? Because you were moping about?’
‘I suppose,’ he answered. ‘Caroline said we made a great team.’
Dana stared down at her plate of arancini. ‘Excuse me, but who asked her for her opinion? And why did you need her to tell you to come here?’ 
‘You’re deliberately misunderstanding me,’ he objected. ‘She was just somebody I knew, we both knew, and she was aware that we had split up, and she and I just kept in contact. Her motives were quite pure.
‘You kept in contact?’
He shrugged. ‘Well, yes.’
‘Were you aware how she used to look down on me?’ Dana said. ‘I thought she was very patronising as I remember.’
‘It’s just her way, being an estate agent and all that.’
Dana shook her head. ‘I am still none the wiser. Are you having an affair with this woman or not?’
‘We are just sort of friends.’
‘A friend that you’ve confided in?’ Dana said. ‘Someone you’ve told all about me?’
‘Bits,’ he said. ‘Bits and pieces.’
‘How embarrassing,’ Dana said. She abruptly stood up. ‘Look, Lex, I don’t know what we’ve achieved by having this chat, but I think I’d better go.’
Lex looked up at her. ‘Why?’
‘I need to think,’ she said. ‘Also, you’re not explaining yourself very well.’
‘Can we talk later then?’ he asked giving her a soulful look. ‘This place is too public.’
‘Yes,’ she said with a sigh. ‘Tomorrow. We’ll talk tomorrow.’ But if she was completely honest, all she wanted to do was jump on the next plane bound for the UK. 
Something To Think About 
For Dana, the stopover was practically at an end and Margot was starting to make regretful noises. She had split from her sailor and was now just hanging about the hotel suite in her dressing gown drinking wine. It gave Dana a chance to fill her in on all the stuff that had transpired in the interim.
‘None of them are any good!’ Margot declared. ‘They tell their half dozen funny stories and then that’s it – after that you have to make all the conversation.’
‘Lex isn’t like that,’ Dana replied as she sat on the sofa with her colleague watching the tv which had the volume turned down. ‘Lex always has something to say for himself.’
‘Bully for you,’ Margot said. ‘But probably half of what he says is all lies anyway!’
Dana sighed. ‘Maybe.’
‘I mean, come on, he never said a word about this Caroline until someone else brought her name up.’
‘You mean Sheila, yeah,’ Dana replied.
‘So what does that tell you? It tells you that he would never have volunteered the information to you.’
Dana pulled a face. Margot was right. It was also a sickening thought that Caroline was now privy to her life via Lex. For all she knew Lex was talking to her everyday with the latest instalment. And who cared if Caroline thought that they made a great team? Who was she to make these judgements?
But putting these painful thoughts aside, Dana still couldn’t figure out why Lex was really here in Catania. Surely it wasn’t because Caroline had told him to come and find her? And then what was Lex expecting her to do? Jump for joy? Forget the past and fall into his arms? Didn’t he realise that there were plenty of fish in the sea and that Dana had had her share of men making passes at her? 
‘So what are you going to do now?’ Margot enquired. ‘I mean, we’ll all be off the day after tomorrow.’
‘Probably come with you and forget the whole damn thing,’ Dana said. 
‘Probably?’
‘I mean I will,’ Dana corrected herself. ‘Of course, I can always stay with my uncle Norman and Marie for a few more days to wind everything up.’
‘They have a cool bar, I checked it out the other day,’ Margot said. ‘But why bother winding things up? Why don’t you just leave with us?  You could get yourself sacked for not returning to work if you’re not careful. To hell with Mr Lying Captain Bigshot!’
Dana laughed at this. ‘See, you can tell I’m not that bothered. A little upset but not that bothered.’
‘Hmm,’ Margot said thoughtfully. ‘Good, I mean about the not bothered part. Well, don’t lose your job over this clown!’
‘I won’t.’
‘But it sounds to me that this Caroline is trying to control things behind the scenes,’ Margot suggested. ‘Like it’s a sort of game to her.’
‘You mean like a chess game?’
‘Call it what you like,’ Margot said. ‘But before you dump the guy at least find out what she’s up to!’
****

Try as she might, Dana couldn’t avoid getting calls from Sheila, who seemed to be the spokesperson for Gwen as well.
‘Isn’t it exciting!’ Sheila gushed. ‘Gwen is really interested!’
It took Dana a full three seconds to understand what she was talking about. ‘You mean about my uncle’s bar? Are you saying that Gwen actually wants to buy it then?’
‘Yup. Lex told us all about it. It looks like a gold mine.’
‘But my uncle wants quite a bit for it,’ Dana said. She was standing with her phone on the hotel veranda looking out to sea. The way the sun sparkled on the waves seemed so bright and optimistic, as if it wanted to include Dana in its happy plans. But at the moment the future just seemed like a vague grey misty fog hovering in front of her. Just more work and not much play. Although VLA was a great airline.
‘Yes, I know it’s quite a lot of money,’ Sheila said. ‘But don’t worry, Gwen can get it. Half will be savings and the rest a bridging loan. I mean, she was once married to a banker.’
‘I see. And I suppose Lex was all for it?’ Dana couldn’t help asking.
‘He thought it was a marvelous proposition,’ Sheila said. ‘So we were wondering…’
Dana’s ears perked up. ‘Go on. Wondering if I would tell my uncle Norman you’re interested?’
‘Well, just introduce us,’ Sheila said. ‘Lex has offered to do the negotiations.’
‘Okay. My uncle does know of Lex from before, but never met him,’ Dana explained. ‘The only time I visited Catania with Lex was when my uncle didn’t own the bar. Actually he hasn’t owned it for very long. So I’d be curious to know why he wants to sell it now.’
‘You don’t think there’s a problem do you?’ Sheila asked, her voice crackling down Dana’s phone.
‘My uncle is as honest as the day is long,’ Dana replied. ‘If there’s a problem he’ll tell you. Anyway, he has to by law.’
‘Gwen would like to start talks as soon as possible.’
Dana thought for a moment. ‘Okay, tell her to come by Grammaticos at about five, and I’ll set up the meeting.’
‘You’re a dear!’ Sheila gushed and hung up.
Dana stared at her phone for several seconds. If Gwen did take over the bar then Dana’s role as consultant would surely come to an end. She wouldn’t have any other function, except to assist Gwen and Sheila in the initial running the bar. 
Dana had undertaken most of the jobs associated with it such as serving customers, preparing simple snacks, doing the stocktaking etc. But Sheila had accounting experience and so probably the two ladies could run it quite well. That would leave Lex and herself out in the cold. 
And Dana couldn’t quite visualise Lex leaving his prestigious job as a pilot for a barman role. For Lex that wouldn’t have been cool enough, nor would it have paid much.
Dana quickly gave her uncle a call and he was only too happy to begin talks but he explained that he was away. He had coincidently arranged to attend a distillers convention that very day in Palermo, which left Maria and a helper to run the bar. Apparently her uncle Norman wasn’t leaving the trade, he just seeking a different role in it. He had ambitions to be an independent brewer.
Dana took all this in with interest. ‘Oh, so you’ll be setting up your own little distillery then? Whereabouts?’
‘Still in Sicily of course,’ he replied. ‘I have my eyes on a business on the east side of the island,’ he replied. ‘But bring your friends down and leave any questions with Maria. She’ll show you around and answer your questions.’
‘Okay then,’ Dana said bringing the call to an end. She then quickly confirmed the meeting with Sheila and then got ready to accompany them to Grammaticos. 
****
Once again Lex put in an appearance as the negotiator. After having some more drinks and arancini on the house, Marie offered to take them for a quick tour of the bar and property. Of course, Dana knew it intimately and volunteered to take over while Marie attended to some customers.
Dana led the way behind the bar which was fairly busy. Dana was surprised, expecting trade to be quite slow at that hour, but Murphy’s law had unexpectedly kicked in. Lex stood by her side as Dana did her best impression of an estate agent. 
Lex was particularly interested in the basement where the casks and barrels were. ‘So this is the heart of the operation?’ Lex said with a nod.
‘Well probably need a man to look after these,’ Gwen said looking around the dim, cool musty room.
Lex frowned. ‘I expect you will.’
‘Not keen on the idea then?’ Sheila enquired looking at him.
‘Well, I’m sure we could find someone,’ Lex said. ‘I mean, probably the landlord already has staff and we’d either keep them on or fire them.’
‘To run this place would take at least four people and probably as many as five or six,’ Gwen suggested.
‘My uncle has never had more than five staff on the go and that was at Christmas,’ Dana explained. ‘There’s the girl upstairs Emily, and Gianni comes in to help with deliveries.’
‘How are they paid then?’ Lex asked.
‘Actually I’m not sure,’ Dana said. ‘Just a flat payment I think when they come in.’
‘So if I bought this place you wouldn’t join us, Lex?’ Gwen asked.
‘There wouldn’t be much for me to do,’ Lex answered rubbing his forehead. ‘It would be hard for each of us to make a reasonable living from this place I would imagine.’
Dana nodded. ‘It could support four people, but the wages would be a bit slim.’
Gwen gave Sheila a look. ‘Oh, that’s a pity.’
‘I’d always be popping in,’ Lex said. ‘I pilot as a freelancer and have a certain amount of free time and would definitely come to see how you’re doing.’
Gwen looked down at her shoes. ‘That does put the kybosh on it for me somewhat.’
Sheila stared at the naked lightbulb hanging from the ceiling. ‘I sort of feel the same way. I thought we’d be like the four musketeers.’
Dana smiled at this. ‘All for one and one for all?’
‘I was just going to say the same thing,’ Lex said. ‘But running this place may be a bit claustrophobic as well.’
Dana was relieved that Lex was having cold feet. Perhaps the business idea was just ancillary to another agenda, to find her. Well, now he had found her, he would need an excuse to glue them together as a couple. Being cabin crew took them all over but not always together. 
However, Dana was starting to find Lex’s company more enjoyable, despite her misgivings about Caroline. Lex had a reassuring way about him, and he was good company. In a way it would be a pity if they couldn’t be the four musketeers. 
From time to time she would give him involuntary glances and then catch herself. The sympathetic side of her nature was slowly starting to take over and it made her uncomfortable. She simply didn’t want to be any man’s fool of a girlfriend. 
Damn and blast Lex for coming to Catania, she said to herself. She didn’t need to be feeling these emotions on what was supposed to be a sort of holiday stopover. 
She sometimes wished she was someone like Margot who could be quite ruthless. She was able to enjoy life without feeling guilty about anything or seemingly have any of those other inconvenient feelings. Perhaps she had never found true love. She needed to find herself a pilot.
When Dana and Lex were together, they did have the privilege, as airline personnel to go to   far flung places. For some reason, Sicily had never been a regular destination. In fact they had only come here once before together. 
But then, at the time, they had truly been in love, and this had coloured the way things had looked. Grammaticos, then was being managed by someone else and seemed like quite a romantic venue. Now, it was just a watering hole for ex-army and had a different feel to it.
Dana wondered what recollections Lex had of the place and sometimes would catch him wearing a sad expression beneath his faked jollification. He would put this on for the ladies, and the three of them would be bantering and quipping back and forth. Dana was like an observer and couldn’t help laughing at their antics. They truly were like the musketeers, she thought.
But who was she in the mix, Dana wondered? Just some bitter spinster in her mid-thirties? Gwen had her doctor friend, Sheila was clearly living in hope, and Dana was in no-man’s land. Lex seemed interested in her to be sure. But there had been too much water under the bridge, too much accumulated baggage, too many misgivings about the past. Was Lex picking up on this?
Dana took them upstairs to Grammaticos luxurious apartment, and it was this which sealed Gwen’s interest.
‘Goodness this is lovely. I think I’ll seriously make your uncle an offer,’ Gwen had said. ‘When is he coming back?’
‘Probably tomorrow,’ Dana replied. ‘I phone him and tell him you’re interested.’
‘Thanks,’ Gwen said. ‘I’ll speak to my mortgage advisor first thing!’
They said goodbye to Maria and then went back to their hotel. The ladies declined Lex’s invitation for have dinner with him as Gwen said she needed to sort out her money situation.
‘What about you?’ Lex had asked Dana casually. ‘They do a great Sicilian pasta at the Cassa. They have a tasty shrimp version. The fish will have been caught this morning.’
Dana couldn’t help smirk at this. Lex knew about her passion for shellfish, not that it always did her favours. ‘What time?’
‘Eight?’
‘Why not,’ Dana replied against her better judgement, and as she went up to her suite said, ‘As long as it’s on you!’ 
 Still Stuck In The Mud
The Cassa Hotel had an ambitious floorplan and their restaurant stuck out over the pool at the back. It afforded a stunning view of an apparently snowcapped Mount Etna on the horizon. Dana was quite impressed. Lex had booked a table in the big window with a white tablecloth and silver cutlery; it was all very civilized.
‘I’d forgotten that Mount Etna was a Volcano!’ Lex observed looking at the view. ‘Didn’t Oscar Wilde once witness it erupting?’
‘I think so,’ Dana replied consulting the restaurant’s menu.
A hovering middle aged waiter came to their rescue. ‘Pardon me sir, but I believe Mr Wilde was staying at Taormina and he might have seen Etna showing off there!’
‘Now you mention it, I think I did hear that story,’ Dana said.
‘Can I take your order Sir and Ma’am?’
‘Give us a few ticks,’ Lex said.
The waiter wandered off. Dana quickly made her choice. It would be the pasta. She also recalled how she and Lex shared a passion for history and historical artifacts. She kicked herself for forgetting the Oscar Wilde story.
‘What’s Taormina like?’ Lex asked conversationally.
‘It has ancient ruins,’ Dana replied. ‘And there’s a bay. It’s just up the coast.’
‘How tall is Etna anyway?’ Lex asked. He didn’t need the menu, he already knew what he wanted. ‘It must be at least a mile high.’
The waiter came over again. ‘Two miles high actually, Sir.’
They gave the waiter their orders and he marched off towards the kitchen.
‘This is a lovely country,’ Lex observed. ‘I expect you’ll find it hard to leave.’
Dana nodded. ‘I come and go, but it is beautiful, and I do love the food. The people are so friendly too.’
‘Why not stay?’ Lex said looking at her curiously. ‘Give up Vermont Airlines and throw your lot in with Gwen and Sheila!’ 
‘And what about you?’ Dana couldn’t help asking.
Lex shrugged and looked out of the window. ‘I’m not interested, and if you’re not, then perhaps you might consider throwing your lot in with me. Is that such a terrible prospect?’
Dana shrugged and tapped the table with her index finger. ‘This is a lovely tablecloth isn’t it?’
‘Who cares!’ Lex suddenly said with a laugh.
Dana frowned. ‘Look, what do you want from me, Lex?’
Lex leaned forward. ‘Jesus! Dana, don’t you get it? I’m here because of you and the fact that Sheila and Gwen are on the scene is just a bonus.’
‘I already have a life with VLA,’ Dana said. ‘The pay and conditions are good, it’s a great airline and you get to meet fascinating people. In fact, I get a proposal of marriage from a passenger at least once a week!’
Lex laughed. ‘So do I!’
‘Really! But Lex, be honest, never mind about Caroline, Sheila is interested in you too, isn’t she?’
‘Are you kidding?’ Lex said as the waiter brought over their first course which was olives, rustic bread and a balsamic dip.
When the waiter had gone Dana said, ‘I’m only sitting here out of politeness to hear you out, and so far I’m not that impressed. I mean, Lex, come on, do you really think we can forget the past and start over? And after you hurt me so badly too?’
‘It’s been quite a while since all of that, and we’ve changed, aged even,’ he replied dunking a bit of bread into the dip. ‘I’m sorry for the way I was, I’m older and wiser and so are you.’
‘Exactly,’ she said with a grimace. ‘And the little voice of common sense in my head is saying forget it!’
He nodded and they continued their meal quietly. Lex decided to change the subject and starting to talk about the up and coming business deal. ‘I think Gwen is going to go for it, definitely,’ he said.
‘Okay,’ Dana said. ‘And where will that leave you?’
‘I’ll be around,’ he said. ‘As a pilot the world is your oyster, and what about you?’
Dana shrugged. ‘I’ll help out where I can, show them the ropes. Running Grammaticos is a bit labour intensive. Also, there are things you have to do; new food hygiene laws you have to abide by. You get to realise that if you stick to the rules you’d have to keep throwing spoiled stock away. The business wouldn’t make a profit. So you have to balance that against breaking the law. Plus, there’s running the business itself, serving customers. It’s twenty-four seven. You practically can’t take any time off.’
‘You’ll have your work cut out for you,’ Lex observed.
‘Well the ladies aren’t stupid,’ Dana replied. ‘But I think it will be Sheila doing all the running around mainly and Gwen sitting in the office making the phone calls!’
Lex grinned at this.
After another twenty minutes of general chitchat they departed from the restaurant leaving the waiter a generous tip.
‘What are your plans for tomorrow?’ Lex asked as they stood in the lobby of the Cassa hotel.
‘Dana shrugged. ‘I like to take each day at a time. But I’ll be having to quit my hotel soon. My stopover is coming to an end. And you?’
Lex sighed wearily almost. ‘Help the ladies and then…I don’t know. Maybe they’ll offer me a job as the bloke who moves the barrels around in the basement.’
‘They already have, haven’t they?’ Dana said with a laugh and she went back to her hotel declining Lex’s offer to escort her back.
****

When Dana got back to the hotel she was interested to see that her room mates were starting to pack their suitcases ready for a return back to work. They’d have to leave the hotel by eleven in the morning of the day after, which left about twenty-four hours.
Dana’s uncle did say she could crash with him and Maria and had offered to put her up during her entire stay, but Dana didn’t want to be nuisance. There was a spare bed in the refurbished attic of Grammaticos with its own toilet and washbasin which was ideal. However, if Dana wanted to extend her stay she would have to speak to her airline’s HR manager. It would involve clipping time off other breaks to make up for it.
She went and sat on her bed as the girls busied themselves around her. Margot was out and off somewhere, being the adventurous type. Dana envied her for that. 
Feeling a bit thirsty, Dana made herself some milky cocoa and reflected on her last conversation with Lex. She felt that he was slowly and slyly trying to make himself central to her life again. But she was determined not to be a pushover.
She also resented the fact that he thought he was entitled to question her about her future plans. It was as if he believed he was privy to them. The man had some front.
But she was no spring chicken. She had built up her own life again after their split, getting a pay rise, doing more overtime, visiting more countries, making more contacts. But still, her life was bereft of romance. She had grown cagey about such things. 
However, she especially didn’t need or want Lex’s input, as if she didn’t know what was best for her. Until a week or so ago the ladies, Gwen and Sheila were complete strangers. Why would she trust her future to them?
Also, there was something about Gwen she frankly didn’t like. It was hard to put into words. But she was quite needy and seemed used to having people run after her. 
Dana’s phone buzzed. Lex had left a text message for her.
‘I enjoyed the meal and it was good to be in your company without the ladies being around,’ the text said.
‘Yes, it was great,’ she texted back politely.
‘I just wanted to apologise if you got hold of the wrong end of the stick,’ he replied.
She frowned. What was he talking about? ‘Remind me,’ she texted back. 
‘I hope you don’t think that I’m trying to tell you what to do,’ he texted. ‘See as a pilot I often have to give instructions and orders and so it’s become a habit.’
‘Don’t I know it,’ she responded. ‘But it did come over like you think I’m wasting my life as a flight assistant.’
‘Well I promise that was not what I meant to say,’ he texted.
‘That’s how it felt,’ she replied.
There was then a long delay and he didn’t text and so Dana decided to phone him directly. ‘Lex?’
‘Look, I’m sorry, I’m not trying to annoy you,’ he said. ‘But seriously, I don’t think there’s a future with the ladies for you.’
‘There you go again!’ she said. ‘Just let me decide that.’
‘Sounds like you’re in a bit of a mood.’
‘Lex. I’m not in a mood, I just don’t like being pressurised.’
‘Am I pressurising you then?’
‘Yes, you came to Catania expecting me to give up my life and throw my lot in with you again,’ she answered. ‘If that isn’t pressure I don’t know what is!’
All the girls in the hotel suite had stopped what they were doing and were staring at her.
‘Dana?’ Lex said. ‘You still there?’
‘We’ll talk later,’ she replied hanging up.
One of her girls smiled at her. ‘You tell him!’
‘Don’t worry I will!’ Dana answered with a grin. Her cocoa was getting cold and so she made herself another. But once again Lex had indeed annoyed her. It was also his tone of voice: it irritated her, as if he thought he knew best. 
He was a pilot with a pilot’s ego, she thought. And that clashed with her new sense of self-worth. Since her breakup with Lex, she had definitely matured emotionally and had grown in other ways. For one thing, she no longer looked up to pilots as the gods of the airline industry. 
So Lex’s opinion was no more than that, an opinion, and she refused be guided by it. Plus, she felt that Caroline was having some unwanted input into the situation too. Dana clenched her fists. If she ever bumped into the woman she would give her a piece of her mind for sure.
Dana was in two minds whether to continue her stopover and stay with her uncle in order to help the ladies, or just quit and go home. If the ladies didn’t require her assistance, she would consider going back to England. Also, she hadn’t mentioned anything to her mother, whom she briefly phoned, about Lex. But she knew that her mother would have approved of him being on the scene. To her Lex was a catch!
Well, Dana thought, if Lex is a catch, let someone else go fishing for him! However, she decided to continue in her go-between role for a while. She was expecting her uncle to contact her any time soon about the progress of the deal. 
She would tell him how interested Gwen was and was arranging funds. Dana was certain her uncle would be pleased to hear that. In the meantime, Dana decided to cool it with Lex for a while and not go out of her way to speak to him. 

When Decisions Go Awry
The next twenty-four hours flew by, and Dana was surprised that her uncle hadn’t contacted her regarding the business deal. There was also no word from Lex or the ladies. Perhaps, Dana surmised, Gwen was still working on trying to raise funds. 
Dana’s colleagues were all set to leave the hotel and return home and begged her not to get too involved with Lex. But a little voice told her to stay and see what was going to happen. She walked down to the hotel lobby with the girls who hugged and kissed her goodbye.
Margot was quite concerned. ‘Tell me you’re not thinking of leaving VLA?’
‘I’m not thinking about it at all,’ Dana replied. ‘But I will be speaking to the HR department today and explain what has happened.’
‘I doubt that you’ll get much in way of a sympathetic ear,’ Margot said. ‘Would you like me to deliver a message for you?’
‘No, that’s okay. I’ll just ring them when I go back upstairs.’
Margot nodded and checked her watch. ‘Flight leaves in two hours.’
Dana nodded and hugged her. ‘You’ll be seeing more of me, don’t you worry.’
‘So where will you be staying once you’ve left the hotel?’ Margot enquired.
‘My uncle’s got an apartment I can crash in above his bar,’ Dana said.
Margot nodded. The other girls were assembled outside the hotel by the taxi rank.
‘I have to go!’ Margot said.
‘I’ll ring you and tell you what’s happening,’ Dana said feeling a little tear forming in her eyes.
‘Okay,’ Margot replied smiling broadly as she went and joined her colleagues. Everyone jumped into the two taxis which had just arrived to take them to the airport.
Dana watched them go, waving madly and returned to the suite which she had to vacate by eleven o’clock. She had already begun her own packing. 
Not wanting to be absent without leave from her job, she put a call through to VLA’s human resources and spoke to the HR officer, Patrick Norris. He listened respectfully as she explained the situation and said that she should have given the airline more notice. However, he was prepared to give her an extension of time. But if she was planning to leave the airline then she needed to properly give in her notice.
Dana thanked him and finished her own packing. Then she phoned Grammaticos and spoke to Maria. Once again her uncle Norman was out but would be back in the evening.
‘Just come over,’ Maria said. ‘I’ve already laid out a bed for you upstairs.’
‘Thanks so much,’ Dana answered. ‘I have to be out of the hotel by eleven.’
‘Yes. So how long will you be staying in Catania then?’ Maria asked.
‘Until the sale goes through,’ Dana said.
‘And then what?’ Maria asked. ‘You going to hang around with that pilot guy?’
Dana laughed. ‘To be honest I am a bit confused about what his intentions are. But didn’t my uncle tell you that he was once my partner? But that was ages ago.’
‘Oh that was him? Maria said. ‘Sorry I didn’t realise. He’s quite handsome, isn’t he?’
‘I’ve stop noticing,’ Dana said.
‘Hmm,’ Maria said. ‘Okay, I’ll have some lunch ready for you when you come over.’
‘Oh thank you so much Maria, you shouldn’t have bothered.’
‘Well who else is going to look after you in Catania, if not me or your uncle?’
‘It’s very much appreciated,’ Dana replied genuinely grateful for Maria’s kindness.
They hung up and Dana quickly finished her packing. She didn’t feel any rush to phone Sheila to find out what was going on, knowing that she would be contacted in due course.
Packing her cases, Dana then realised that she would have to hump them over by foot to Grammaticos, and so she called a taxi. She struggled  downstairs with her cases and signed for the bill at reception which was being covered by the airline’s stopover program.
As soon as she had done this, her taxi arrived, and the porter helped her with her luggage.
‘Nice seeing you Miss Dana,’ said the young Asian hotel employee. ‘Hope to see you soon.’
‘You will, Ravi,’ she replied. ‘I’ll probably be having dinner here a couple of more times this week!’
‘You are always welcome ma’am!’ 
****
When Dana arrived at Grammaticos, Maria was on her break and one of the part-time staff was working the bar. Maria mannishly helped Dana in with her luggage, which they dragged upstairs to Dana’s room. Dana could see that Maria had made an effort.
The bed had been beautifully laid out and on the table was a vase of fresh red carnations, Sicily’s most popular flower. Dana looked at these with an appreciative smile and then tears suddenly welled up in her eyes.
‘Oh, Dana!’ Maria said surprised, coming over and giving her a hug. ‘Whatever is the matter dear?’
‘You’re so kind to me,’ Dana said dabbing at her eyes with the bit of tissue she kept up her sleeve. ‘And I really am so grateful that I can stay here for a little while…’
‘It’s that pilot isn’t it?’ Maria said leading Dana to the bed. ‘He’s upset you, hasn’t he?’
‘It’s a couple of things,’ Dana answered trying to reign in her emotions.
Maria sat down next to her. ‘Listen, I’m here for you, and so if there’s something you want to get off your chest, don’t be shy. And your uncle would do anything for you. You know he thinks the world of you.’
‘And I think the world of him,’ Dana said as another sob tried to upset her composure again. ‘That’s partly why I’m a bit down. I’d hate to think of Grammaticos without you being here.’
‘Oh silly! We’ll only be up the road,’ Maria said. ‘We’re not leaving the island.’
‘Still, this is like home from home for me,’ Dana said.
‘Perhaps Norman hasn’t properly explained himself,’ Maria said. ‘He wants to set himself up as an independent brewer but will still keep a bar on the other part of the island to help with cash flow. We are yet to think of a name for it. Plus all our army customers will stick with us. You know how loyal the army is. If you’ve got them on your side you’re made!’
‘Does that mean that the minute Grammaticos is sold to Gwen and Sheila all the customers will disappear?’
Maria smiled but didn’t answer the question. ‘Don’t let that worry you! They’ll attract their own customers. Middle class ex pats I should think!’
Despite herself Dana couldn’t help but laugh. ‘To be sure!’
‘So what’s going on with this pilot character then?’ Maria enquired.
‘Lex?’ Dana said with a frown. ‘That’s anyone’s guess.’
‘Look, come down for a bit of lunch and you can tell me all about it!’
****
Two plates covered with tin foil were laid out on the kitchen table behind the bar. Maria bade Dana to sit while she poured out some cool white wine.
‘Thanks Maria!’
‘No problem!’
They removed the foil from the meals to reveal two tangy feta salads with olives and accompanying crusty bread. Maria sat down opposite Dana and they dug in.
‘So what does he want, this Lex?’ Maria said. ‘If you don’t mind my asking.’
Dana, her mouth full of crunchy crispy salad tried to explain. ‘Lex and I used to be together, quite some time ago. Lived together, planned to have a life together forever and ever, before you met Norman. And then Lex suddenly moved on, dumped me, which upset me, but I coped, only just!’
‘Was it another woman?’
‘I think maybe yes,’ Dana replied. ‘There was a woman he was friends with – a Caroline, an estate agent!’
‘Hmm,’ Maria said with a nod. ‘So you think he took off with her?’
‘I’m not sure,’ Dana said. ‘But now he’s out here in Catania and it appears that he wants to start over.’
‘Start over with you?’
‘Yes, but he’s still friends with this Caroline.’
‘Ah, not good!’ Maria said.
‘That’s what I thought,’ Dana said. ‘Also, one of the two women who wants to buy Grammaticos is also keen on him – Sheila.’
Maria shook her head. ‘He’s spoiled for choice from the sound of it. How do you feel about him though? Do you still love him?’
‘I think there’s a side of me that still does, but I don’t trust him,’ Dana replied.
‘You think he might run off again?’
Dana blinked as she thought about this. ‘Maybe not. Maybe he’s learned a few hard lessons. But he doesn’t explain himself too well.’
Maria laughed. ‘A bit like Norman. I have to read his mind sometimes!’
They laughed.
Dana took a long sip of her cool delicious wine. ‘So what would you advise me to do?’
‘Ah!’ Maria said waving her finger in the air. ‘I’m glad you asked me. First I’d get Norman to give him a good talking to…’
Dana looked horrified. ‘Oh no not that…’
‘I’m just kidding,’ Maria said with a laugh. ‘No, seriously, this is your life. So first question, do you what to be with him?’
‘In theory I’d like things to be as they were,’ Dana replied hesitantly. ‘I’d be willing to give it another go.’
Maria nodded. ‘Right, so you have to be blunt with him. You need to go somewhere where you can have a good talk. Maybe a bar isn’t a good place to go. And you need to give him a list of demands, or ground rules.’
‘Like what?’
‘Like this Caroline absolutely has to go, and no Sheila! And you need to find out exactly why he left you in the first place. Was he tempted by this other woman? You need to get to the truth so that you can make an informed decision.’
‘So no Caroline under any circumstances!’ Dana smiled. ‘I suppose that’s a no brainer.’
‘Exactly,’ Maria said. ‘And what’s this Sheila like?’
Dana pulled a face. ‘You’ve seen her. She’s a bit too old for him.’
‘So she won’t be any competition for you then?’
‘I don’t think so,’ Dana replied pulling a face.
‘Okay, so Caroline is the main problem,’ Maria deduced. ‘Lex is a handsome fellow and so she must be quite good looking too.’
‘Hmm,’ Dana said unsure.
‘Well, you’ll be asking him to do something which he might find hard,’ Maria said. ‘But you have to be strong and say it is either you or her!’
Dana nodded mutely. ‘I suppose it’s always possible that Caroline is just a friend.’
‘Maybe, maybe not!’ Maria replied with a grin. ‘If he doesn’t agree to break with her then that’s a bad sign. It means they’re attached to each other in some way.’
‘Attached?’ Dana mused.
‘Look, I’ll speak to him if you want,’ Maria offered. ‘I’ll go round to his hotel or wherever he is and say that I’m concerned about you. I wouldn’t be rude or anything like that. But I’ll exaggerate a bit and say you’re really distraught and your confused about why he’s here in Catania. And see what he says.’
Dana drew in a thoughtful breath. The offer was tempting, but it was a cowardly way of dealing with the problem. ‘No that’s alright, Maria, thank you for the offer anyway. It’s something I need to deal with myself.’
Maria nodded. ‘Just ask him what Caroline means to him. I think that’s the main issue here - the other woman. And ask him what his plans are where you’re concerned and then spell out your conditions.’
Dana nodded. She was growing tired of thinking about it. In fact she literally wanted to go upstairs and have a nap, but that would be bad form in a busy bar.
Maria seemed to read her mind. ‘You look really worn out, why don’t you have a rest?’
Dana smiled. ‘Don’t you need me to help behind the bar?’
‘We’ve got help for today. No, you go and have a rest and gather your strength to speak that pilot of yours.’
Dana laughed. Maria did have a way with words.
****
It was handy to be able to crash with her uncle Norman and Maria as it made Dana feel less vulnerable. After she had slept for no more than an hour Maria brought her up a mug of coffee.
Dana sat up on her comfy bed. ‘Oh, Maria thank you so much! I feel like a right lazybones!’
Maria pulled a mock frown. ‘Yes you’re terrible! No, I’m just joking. I’m just grateful that you’ve found us a customer for our business.’
Dana gratefully took the coffee. ‘I’ll see what the situation is. But Gwen, the lady who wants to buy the place, is trying to get a bridging loan, and she’s connected to a banker, so I expect she won’t have a problem.’
Maria nodded and went to the door. ‘That sounds promising. Well I’d better get back to the bar!’
Dana smiled and gulped down her coffee. She was feeling a bit nervous because she knew it was time to have a proper showdown with Lex.  Dana realised that Maria had really put her finger on the problem.  It wasn’t good enough that Lex wanted to get back with her, he also needed to lose some unwanted baggage, namely Caroline.
Dana decided to bite the bullet today. She would take a stroll over to the Cassa Hotel where Lex was staying and corner him. Take him by surprise. It might shake him up and make him more compliant with her demands. She wasn’t afraid of him physically. In fact Lex was a very gentle man, but he was the victim of his own good looks. He got too much attention and that made him a bit arrogant. Sometimes Dana felt that he really did think he was God’s gift to women.
****
Dana steeled herself as she entered the lobby of the Cassa Hotel, but when she asked reception to give Lex’s room a buzz there was no answer. She decided to ring him on her mobile, but once again got no answer. So she sent him a text:
‘Hi Lex, you okay? I’m down in the lobby. Fancy a drink in the hotel bar?’ 
She immediately felt as if she was begging for his attention, but it was too late, the text had been sent. She waited patiently for an answer, but none came. She had been here before, texting Lex and getting no response. Had he gone sunbathing again down at that little alcove of his?  She quickly sent him another text:
‘Hello, you there?’
Once again her text was met with a mysterious silence. It was then that one of the Cassa’s porters approached her. ‘Are you looking for Mr Favori? he enquired.
‘Yes,’ Dana stuttered. 
‘I saw him leave the hotel last night with some luggage,’ the porter said. ‘But I don’t think he’s properly checked out yet.’
Dana blinked and thanked him. That’s all she needed. Had he left without informing the hotel? Was he trying to sneak away without telling anyone? Perhaps he too was beginning to feel the pressure. It was typical that now she’d managed to get up the courage to have it out with him, that he should disappear into thin air.
She strolled out through the hotels main doors and made her way back to her old hotel. Perhaps he had changed hotels to be closer to the ladies. But why wasn’t he answering his phone? 

Looking For Answers
Dana went straight up to Gwen and Sheila’s hotel room and was immediately invited in. Both the ladies appeared quite worried when Dana queried them about Lex.
‘We haven’t seen him since the day before yesterday,’ Sheila said her face white with concern. ‘And we understand he is no longer in his hotel.’
Dana sighed heavily. ‘I went there, and they said he left with some luggage but hadn’t officially checked out.’ 
‘I’ve been phoning him on and off,’ Gwen said. ‘I’m quite worried.’
‘Well, from what I know about Lex, and remember I used to live with him, he’s quite capable of looking after himself,’ Dana said. ‘So don’t worry. Perhaps he’s got cold feet.’
‘Even so the least he can do is answer his phone,’ Gwen said.
Dana nodded. ‘Perhaps he’s sulking about something.’
‘Like what?’ Gwen asked. ‘Oh, would you like a tea or something?’
They were standing in the main living area of their suite.
‘No thank you,’ Dana answered thoughtfully. ‘Lex can be a bit of a sulker. Perhaps he had his heart set on the water business and didn’t fancy the idea of being a barman!’
Sheila pulled a comical face. ‘Actually, we thought you and he had had a tiff to be honest!’
Dana raised her eyebrows. ‘Hmm, getting close to having one, to be fair.’
Gwen studied Dana thoughtfully. ‘He does seem pretty stuck on you Dana. I mean, he was always making these comments about you.’
Dana’s ears perked up. ‘Comments?’
Sheila stared at her. ‘Nice things mainly. He said you were the best thing that ever happened to him!’
‘Really?’ Dana said feeling quite pleased about that.
‘Well, I’m not going to worry,’ Gwen said. ‘He’ll contact us when he’s ready or not at all! The good news is, I’m eligible for a great big loan and I don’t have to re-mortgage my flat!’
Dana smiled politely. ‘Great news.’
‘But I could have used someone like Lex to help with the negotiations,’ Gwen said wistfully.
‘Well, I will certainly put in a good word for you,’ Dana said. ‘The owner is after all my uncle!’
The conversation continued in this vein for a while. Then Dana took her leave promising to tell her uncle about Gwen’s loan and that she was good for the money.  But frankly she felt that her uncle would not be a pushover where the asking price of the business was concerned. 
However, she would represent Gwen as best she could, although her dislike of the woman was growing. It was strange how some people just didn’t tick certain boxes. Gwen seemed to tick all the wrong ones. She appeared a bit grasping and insensitive. Dana was glad that her connection with the ladies wouldn’t last for much longer.
It was while Dana was strolling back to Grammaticos, her new temporary home, that her phone rang. It was Lex.
‘Dana!’ he said sounding breathless. ‘Sorry I’ve missed your calls. Something came up.’ It sounded as if he was walking somewhere.
Despite feeling a bit annoyed with him, Dana felt relieved that he had phoned her back. ‘Oh yes? Nothing serious I hope?’
‘Well, it wasn’t life or death,’ he said.
‘The ladies were complaining that you hadn’t returned their calls,’ Dana told him. ‘And I would have appreciated a text, especially as I heard that you’d left your hotel with some luggage.’
‘I do apologise,’ Lex said sounding sincere. ‘Look, can we meet for a drink or for dinner perhaps?’
‘Where?’ Dana asked pointedly determined that she was going to get some answers. Even if they had dinner, she would throw all the rules of politeness to one side and make herself clear. Maria was right, she needed to lay down some ground rules especially around the horrible subject of Caroline.
Lex appeared to be thinking. ‘Can we meet this evening at seven outside your hotel? And I’ll pick you up and we can go to that new American restaurant that’s just opened up.’
‘I’m no longer staying there,’ Dana explained. ‘I’m crashing at my uncle’s now. But yes I’ll meet you outside the hotel if you like.’
‘Well, I’ll meet you outside Grammaticos then,’ he asked. ‘So you’ve moved accommodation?’ 
‘Yep,  I’m with my uncle Norman and Maria in their apartment above bar,’ she replied. ‘My stopover has actually now come to an end and I had to move out of the hotel.’
‘Oh, okay,’ he said. ‘Well, I’ll meet you outside then at seven pm!’ And he abruptly hung up. 
****

Dana made a point of keeping her dress code strictly conservative to demonstrate that she wasn’t out to impress or entice. In fact she didn’t even view the meeting with Lex as a date. But he seemed uncharacteristically cheerful when they met, and he had brought around a car.
She climbed in and they drove about a mile towards the centre of Catania with Lex making polite small talk. He didn’t offer any explanation for his brief disappearance.
‘This American place does the whole nine yards where it comes to steak and it doesn’t burn a hole in your pocket,’ he said.
Dana, who wasn’t a big steak eater, was hungry and willing to try out the restaurant’s fare. Apparently Lex had booked a table for two and they sat by the wall underneath a great big mural of a ranch with cowboys on horseback. The air was filled with the smell of sizzling meats.
‘Did you bring your lasso?’ Dana asked.
Lex smiled. ‘You’re right I should have.’ 
There were two giant sized menus with an array of meals fit for any Texan on holiday and Dana noted that the place was quite popular. Lex ordered the Amarillo Blowout with baked potatoes and collard greens with gravy. Dana had the shrimp gumbo. They also ordered two glasses of Lone Star beer and the illusion was complete.
After taking a mouthful of her ice cool drink Dana plunged in. ‘Lex, the only reason why I agreed to meet you was to get some straight answers.’
Lex frowned. ‘Straight answers?’ he repeated. ‘I have been nothing but straight with you.’
‘Well, I hope so. But you haven’t been clear about why you’re here in Catania.’
Lex rolled his eyes. ‘I thought we already had that conversation.’
‘Yes, but I’m still a bit confused in my mind.’
‘Dana, I thought I told you that I’m here because of you,’ he said. ‘And that when I left you I made a serious mistake.’
Dana shrugged. ‘Okay. But what are you expecting? What are you hoping for?’
The waitress came over with their meals on plates which were almost half the size of the table.
‘Wow!’ Dana said looking down at her plump tasty looking shrimps on a bed of fluffy rice.
The meal in front of Lex was certainly enough for two, with a whopping mouth-watering steak and five giant crackly potatoes. He smiled. ‘I’d better go for a run after this!’
‘Would you like any sauces?’ the waitress enquired with a wide grin.
‘Yes please,’ Lex said. The waitress went off.
A ceramic plate of sauces was brought to their table and the waitress bade them to enjoy their meal.
Dana had one of her shrimps. It was cooked to perfection. ‘So anyway, you were saying?’ she said.
‘How are the shrimps?’ Lex asked.
‘Lovely and juicy,’ Dana replied. ‘And the steak?’
‘The best I’ve ever had,’ he replied as he chewed the tender meat. ‘But as I was saying I’m here to see you. I think this is obvious. I’ve always like Sicily. Also, I was anxious to see how you were because I did feel very guilty about what happened.’
‘You did?’
He nodded his head as he chewed.
‘Well if you were that concerned you could have emailed me or sent a letter of even phoned,’ she said as she ate. ‘Why didn’t you at least phone? You just cut me off.’
‘That wasn’t my intention,’ he said. ‘I was distracted. But I know you’re concerned about Caroline.’
‘You’re right,’ she said.
‘But I don’t want you to be,’ he said adding no more.
Dana sighed. Talking to him was proving frustrating. He had always been like that anyway, but he seemed to have got worse. ‘Okay, well I expect you’ll tell me a bit more in a minute. But don’t you think I’m being really good about this? That I’m still willing to talk to you?’ 
He nodded. ‘Yes and it’s something I appreciate very much.’
‘You say that, but you are not acting as if you do appreciate it,’ Dana said. ‘You seem to be taking it for granted.’
Lex stopped eating and stared at his juicy steak. ‘I assure you I am not taking anything for granted. But I do think, and pardon me for saying this, that you are just a little glad to see me.’
‘Oh really? And what makes you say that?’
‘Well you being here with me in this restaurant,’ he said.
This reply made Dana annoyed. ‘I am only here to try and get to the bottom of all of this.’
‘Dana, there’s nothing much to get to the bottom of,’ he said. ‘I now I hurt you, I know I did wrong, I know I made a foolish mistake when I left you. But surely it’s not too late to start again? I’m really just asking for a second chance.’
‘And what does Caroline think about this?’ she couldn’t help asking.
‘Caroline?’
Dana nodded. ‘Yes.’
Lex looked uncomfortable. ‘She’s the one who pushed me to contact you. In fact she advised me to come to see you in person.’
‘And why did you need her to do that? Couldn’t you think for yourself?’
‘It wasn’t a question of not being able to think for myself,’ he said. ‘It was a question of getting up the courage.’
Dana looked at him. This was beginning to sound like an honest discussion. ‘I see. So if she hadn’t pushed you, you wouldn’t be here?’
‘I wouldn’t say that,’ Lex said. He took a long swing of his beer and smacked his lips. ‘But she did think I had acted pretty badly.’
‘Well she’s right,’ Dana said. ‘I’ll give her credit for that!’
She was surprised that Caroline had taken her side. It diminished some of her suspicions that Caroline had romantic intentions towards him.
Lex frowned. ‘Look, you’ve got the wrong idea about Caroline. If you think she and I were together or ever had a fling or anything like that, it wouldn’t be true. She was just a friend. Or let me put that in the present tense. She is just a friend. And besides, she is not my type. She’s too…bossy! But do I detect a little bit of jealousy here? Sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.’
Dana paused. Of course he was right, and she was relieved that as attractive as Caroline was, she hadn’t taken her place. If, of course, that was true. 
‘Look,’ Dana said with a sigh. ‘I wouldn’t be human if I didn’t feel a twinge of something. After all, we’d been together for quite a while. And it was a shock when you just upped and left. I just couldn’t believe it. So I was bound to have my suspicions as any woman would.’
‘Suspicions that there was another woman?’
Dana made a gesture. ‘Of course. Isn’t that usually the reason why people break up, because there is someone else in the wings?’
He nodded. ‘I suppose so.’
‘But not in this case?’ Dana asked rhetorically. She felt as if she were begging for an answer. It was demeaning that Lex still wasn’t being completely forthright.
‘No,’ he said slightly raising his voice but with a smile. ‘No, there never was anyone else.’
‘Okay, let’s assume that is true,’ Dana said trying to be logical and calm. ‘So what do you want from me now?’
‘What do I want from you now?’ he repeated. There appeared to be tears in his eyes.
Dana stared at him curiously. Was he going to burst out crying?
‘We were going to get married, but we never did,’ he said quickly composing himself. ‘That was the other mistake I made. I never married you.’
‘And?’
‘And that’s what I want.’ He reached across and took her hand which looked pale in his tanned one. ‘What I want is your hand in marriage. Dana, I’m asking you to give me another chance and marry me!’ 

An Old Wish Come True
As Lex held her hand, Dana suddenly felt the reality of Lex’s intentions. Up till now they had just been a bit vague, but now they were crystal clear. He had already said he was in Catania because of her, although Dana couldn’t see a clear way forward. However, the pressure of his hand in hers brought the message home. He was serious. He wanted her back.
Dana remained motionless, lost in thought. It was funny. After Lex had left her all those months ago, she had repeatedly imagined that he would return with his tail between her legs. Perhaps even begging for her forgiveness. Of course it never happened.
And here he was, partly acting out what she had imagined, although he hadn’t quite yet begged for her forgiveness. He was asking for a second chance. However, his choice of language had much to be desired. He really needed to show a bit more remorse. A bit more grovelling would go a long way.
‘Dana?’ Lex said looking at her across the table with a curious expression.
She smiled and withdrew her hand from his. She didn’t want his conquest of her to be an easy one. She always felt that men didn’t respect a woman who was too compliant or too easy to influence. Over the last few months she had grown more independent and had resisted most overtures made by men. But here she was on the verge of melting back into Lex’s arms. It wasn’t good, she told herself.
‘Dana are you okay?’ he enquired.
‘Yes, yes I’m fine,’ she replied.
Lex licked his lips. ‘See, I didn’t want to approach you before for a number of reasons,’ he said. ‘I needed to be sure in my own mind. I needed to organise myself. I wanted to believe in what I had decided. ’
Dana nodded. ‘All a bit one sided.’
‘Really?’
Dana shrugged. ‘Yes. I notice that you didn’t seem to care one little bit about what I was feeling. From what you’re saying, your decision to walk away was all about you, what you wanted, what you felt.’
‘Surely that’s natural,’ he said. ‘I’m only human and that’s what humans do, think about their own needs first.’
‘Okay, but where did I fit in to all this thinking? Did you once think that I might have a problem with you walking off?’
‘Of course I did,’ he answered. ‘But I was in a state of panic at the time.’
‘Panic?’
‘Not knowing where to turn,’ he said. ‘I felt as if I was at a crossroads.’
‘Well, we could have discussed it,’ she said. ‘We might have been able to save something of what we had. I thought you and I were just perfect together. I didn’t realise all this was going on in your mind. And you’re telling me that Caroline didn’t play a part in this?’
He shook his head. ‘Not one bit. But I have always love you. Even when I was having doubts I loved you. My love for you was always strong.’
Dana shrugged. ‘Well if that’s what you call love, forget it!’
He frowned. ‘Come on, don’t say that. We all express our love in different ways.’
She nodded sceptically. ‘And now you want to marry me. It’s taken you enough time to decide that.’
‘I know,’ he said. There was pain in his eyes. ‘I’m sorry, I can’t help how I am. I just react to things. It’s an instinct.’
‘Hmm. Well my instinct is telling me to stop and think,’ she replied. ‘Don’t get me wrong. I’m enjoying your company, but I need more reassurance. It’s a case of once bitten twice shy!’ 
Lex nodded. ‘I understand. I would be exactly the same.’
‘So you’ll understand if I turn down your offer for now? Or at least give me time to weigh it all up,’ she said.
‘Of course,’ he said smoothly. ‘As much time as you want. But do you think there’s a chance you might say yes?’
Dana couldn’t help laugh at this. ‘Lex, you don’t seem to realise the amount of damage you did to me. I was in bit for months. I even thought about suicide.’
At this Lex reached for her hand again but she was holding her cutlery. ‘Dana, I am so sorry. I didn’t know you cared to that extent. I even remember you saying, ‘whatever’.’
Dana frowned. ‘What? When did I say, ‘whatever’?’
‘When I said that time that I didn’t think it was working,’ he said. ‘And you said ‘whatever’, as if you didn’t really care if I stayed or went!’
Dana shook her head. ‘I don’t remember that. I would never have said, ‘whatever’.’
Lex focussed again on his meal. ‘Okay.’
‘I can see that you’re trying to blame me,’ she said starting to feel angry.
‘Dana I am not blaming you. I just want to put the past behind and try and do the right thing.’
Dana looked down at her plate and then stood up. ‘I feel quite upset now.’
‘Dana sit down and finish your meal. I’m sorry.’
She shook her head. ‘Well Lex thanks for a lovely meal, but I want to go now.’
‘Dana please!’
‘I need to be by myself now.’
Lex looked at her. ‘I’ll drop you.’
She shook her head. ‘No, you finish your cowboy, meal, I’ll take a taxi. I’ll speak to you in a few days.’
Bewildered, Lex watched her walk up to the till and speak to the girl and then leave the restaurant. Dana headed to a nearby taxi rank, the cool air helping to simmer her down. Lex had always had that effect on her, and she wasn’t sure she could take it anymore. The thought of marrying him was really the last thing she would even consider at the moment.
****
When Dana got back to Grammaticos, her uncle Norman was there behind the bar, and he greeted her with a big hug. 
‘Hello stranger,’ she said. ‘Where have you been?’
‘Talking to some suppliers,’ he replied. ‘The mini brewery I’ve been looking at is perfect and distribution would not be a problem. But their supply chain needs to be sorted. However, they want a decision soon. See I’ll be getting in before they publicly announce that the business is for sale.’
Dana nodded. ‘Well I think Gwen is a thousand percent positive that she wants to buy Grammaticos.’
‘It would be good if she and I had a meeting soon,’ her uncle suggested.
‘I’ll speak to her,’ Dana said.
‘Appreciate it,’ her uncle replied as he went to serve some customers.
Maria, who was hovering in the background smiled at her and they went into the kitchen.
‘So how did it go with your friend?’ Maria asked as she made some lemon tea.
Up to that point Dana had been in control of herself, but she collapsed into a chair at the kitchen table, her face distraught. Maria rushed over and put her arms around her shoulders. ‘Dana, dear, was it that bad?’
Dana shrugged as she held back the tears which were forming in her eyes. ‘He asked me to marry him. But he seems to be blaming me for the breakup. He seemed more into his big dinner than understanding what I went through.’ She dabbed at her eyes.
‘I’m so sorry,’ Maria said sympathetically.
Dana waved a hand. ‘That’s what he’s like.’
Maria sighed and finished brewing up the tea. ‘Did you get any answers? Was there another woman involved?’
Dana nodded. ‘Well he said that he and Caroline never had a fling. He said she isn’t his type. But apparently she is on my side! She told him to come and find me.’
‘But I take it that you don’t want to marry him?’ Maria said as she put Dana’s tea in front of her on the table.
Dana frowned. ‘Well that’s what’s silly. See, at the time we were together, I did want to get married badly. And in a funny way I still do.’
‘You mean to him?’
‘Yes, I know it sounds weak and pathetic.’
‘No, no. And then what?’ Maria asked. ‘Go back to England and live together happily ever after?’
‘Well, we’re both based there, and my mom always liked him, so she’d be happy.’
‘But obviously you’d still be in two minds,’ Maria said sitting down and sipping her own tea. ‘A break-up like that is hard to forgive.’
Dana nodded. ‘What do you think I should do?’
Maria was thoughtful for a minute. ‘I don’t mean to sound heartless, but I would say, forget it. Stick to your airline job and keep coming to see us!’ 
Dana smiled. ‘That is what I am obliged to do anyway. I’m just hanging about to assist with the sale of this old place.’
Maria looked troubled at this. ‘Oh, well don’t neglect your job…’
‘No it’s fine,’ Dana replied. ‘I spoke to HR and they said I’ll just have to give up some time further down the line. If I need to.’
‘HR?’
‘Human resources, they deal with the personnel.’
Maria nodded and smiled. ‘Okay as long as you don’t mind. We ought to give you a commission for finding us a customer!’
‘Don’t be silly.’
Maria looked up at the clock on the kitchen wall. ‘We’ll be closing soon.’
‘I’ll help clean up,’ Dana offered.
‘Well I wouldn’t say no,’ Maria said. ‘I am feeling quite tired.’
Dana finished her tea and went out to the bar to collect some of the used glasses. They were stacked up in a bowl. They had to be put in the dishwasher ready for later.
As she busied herself she felt that Maria’s advice was a bit acerbic, but then that’s how she was. But Lex’s offer was tempting. Being single at her age, just in her early thirties, Dana found life a bit of a struggle. Her job was great but going home to an empty flat wasn’t. 
She had a small flat in Luton, England, near the airport for convenience. And it was nice and modern with large picture windows and modern furniture. But the sound of silence could be deafening when the tv was off. Nor did the sound of aircraft taking off or landing help either.
She had signed up to a few online dating apps, one very famous one, but would never allow herself to take it beyond a brief chat. She had plenty of offers from men, but she found the process a bit seedy. It reminded her of the meat market that her uncle used to take her to when he had a butcher’s shop in Birmingham.
However, if Caroline wasn’t on the scene Dana was sure she would have accepted Lex’s offer on the spot. But she had grown cautious and suspicious and hated to think that Lex was acting on Caroline’s advice. Couldn’t he think for himself. The idiot! 

A Happening
The next morning, Dana awoke to the sound of her phone buzzing. It was Sheila. ‘Morning sleepy head!’ she said cheerfully.
Dana looked at her bedside clock. It was eight-thirty. ‘Sheila! Goodness you’re right. I should be up!’
‘Sorry to disturb but I wanted to catch you before you went anywhere,’ Sheila said. ‘Do you remember that doctor who looked at Gwen’s foot? Well he’s invited us all to his house for a bite to eat on his iardino, which I think is a patio. Apparently, he and Gwen have been keeping in touch, sneaky cat!’
‘Good for her,’ Dana replied politely. ‘I expect the doctor has extended his invitation to Lex as well?’
‘Naturally. You up for it? It will be the day after tomorrow.’
‘Okay,’
‘We could meet up at about one o’clock and all go over together,’ Sheila said. ‘And Gwen says hi, and could you fix a meeting with your uncle Norman if you don’t mind?’
‘Yeah, I’ll ask him now, hold the phone,’ Dana replied. She jumped out of bed and went to the landing and called down to her uncle who was in the kitchen. ‘Uncle Norman? Gwen has asked if you’d be agreeable to a meeting soon?’
Her uncle’s head appeared at the bottom of the stairs. ‘Absolutely. I’ll be here all day today and for the next three days, so she can just come to the bar anytime. Drinks will be on the house!’
Dana smiled and relayed this message to Sheila who passed it to Gwen. ‘Anything else?’
‘No that’s lovely,’ Sheila said. ‘See you soon then and thanks!’ 
Dana put down her phone and realised that while she was on the phone to Sheila, Lex had texted her a message:
‘Hi, how are you. Sorry if I upset you last night. You know me. Have you given any more thought to my offer?’
Dana just glanced at it. It was as if her being upset was just a small blip in the great scheme of things and it could be ignored. She texted: ‘Yes, I thought about it. But I’m not sure how it would work in practice. Are you expecting me to give up my job?’
There was a long pause and then he wrote: ‘Don’t you want to then?’
‘Not really,’ she texted back. ‘I’m not the housewife type. I’d be bored silly just sitting at home. But I’m not saying yes or no to your offer yet.’
‘You used to be the housewife type,’ he texted.
‘Never!’
‘Excuse me, but you once said that work was too stressful and that you’d do anything to be able to give it up!’ he insisted.
‘When was that?’ Dana was beginning to feel the phone getting hotter in her hand. 
‘You said it loads of times,’ he texted. ‘But now I’m offering you a chance to quit.’
Dana took a deep breath. His line of conversation was starting to get on her nerves. ‘Look, Lex, I’ve got things to do. Is there anything else you want to say?’
‘Yes, I only told you half of my proposal,’ he said. ‘I’m not going back to old Blighty.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘See, I’ve been living a bit of a double life,’ he texted. ‘Those times when you tried to phone me and couldn’t get me, well I was busy.’
‘And?’
‘See, I’m now the owner of a block of apartments in Crotone in Calabria Italy, by the beach. One of the apartments I use myself. It’s by Crotone airport, so it’s very handy.’
Dana was surprised. ‘Since when?’
‘I bought them about seven months ago,’ he texted. ‘Got a really cheap mortgage. I’ve been saving religiously and decided to invest it. So I’m only up the road, well sort of.’ 
‘Are you saying that you don’t live in England anymore?’ she queried.
‘Yeah, I don’t, but my Italian is still bad. The tenants who rent my apartments are all either Brits or Americans anyway, so it’s not a problem.’
Dana was thoughtful. ‘I get it!’
‘You do?’
‘Yes, you just want me to come and help you run the place when you’re on your flying shifts. Do all the cleaning and probably laundry as well. Am I right? Or am I right?’
‘The thought did cross my mind,’ he said. ‘But you’d be my partner by marriage and in business. It will be our nest egg.’
She stopped texting. Had he done all this for her?
‘Dana? You there?’ he texted.
‘You just said you’re offering me a chance to quit, but this sounds like slavery to me!’
‘And you said you’re not the housewife type and you’d get bored silly sitting around.’
‘If I agreed and it’s a big if, I’d want to hire a cleaner,’ she texted.
‘I have one already, a Spanish lady called Emilia,’ he texted back. ‘I was only joking when I said it crossed my mind, about you doing the laundry. All the flats are self-contained and use the laundry room in the basement. No, I was thinking you could be the boss lady when I’m not there.’
‘The boss lady?’ she texted. The idea sort of appealed to her. ‘What about my job with VLA?’
‘I’m not saying give it up now, but maybe in time,’ he texted. ‘But we really need to meet again for a talk. What about tonight?’
‘I’ll get back to you,’ she texted and ended the exchange. It was all too much to take in. In fact she had developed a bit of a headache on the right side of her head. She massaged it a little which helped.
The phone went again. It was Sheila. ‘Hi it’s me again, Dana. Gwen and I are going over to Grammaticos this afternoon. You’ll also be there won’t you?’
‘Yes sure, I live here above the bar now, don’t I!’ Dana replied with a laugh.
‘Oh goodness, sorry I forgot!’ Sheila said. ‘Have you spoken to Lex? We haven’t seen him for a while. I wondered if he might come over as well and give us a bit of moral support?’
‘You needn’t be afraid of my uncle, he’s a pussy cat!’ Dana said.
Sheila laughed at this, but she sounded nervous. ‘Hopefully, you’ve put in a good word for us?’
‘Of course!’ Dana said. ‘So I’ll see you this afternoon then!’ 

Curious Uncle
It was when Dana was a having a quick bowlful of wholewheat cornflakes in the kitchen behind the bar that her uncle came and sat with her. ‘You okay, Dana?’ he enquired, his understanding eyes searching her face.
‘Couldn’t be better,’ she replied chirpily.
‘So Gwen is coming over sometime today then?’ he asked.
She nodded. ‘Yes, but I think you’ll have a bit of a fight on your hands. She’s looking for a bargain.’
Her uncle laughed at this, got up and poured himself some coffee from the percolator. ‘Look, frankly I’m prepared to accept any reasonable offer. And we won’t leave Gwen high and dry either. I mean, I’ve told some of our customers that there will be new management and they are fairly happy about that.’
‘Fairly?’ Dana repeated.
‘Well you know what ex-pats are like,’ he said with a grin. ‘They love their happy hour don’t they! So I think we’d better warn Gwen that the happy hour is like a tradition around here, and she’d better give them the same discount we do. At least.’
‘Drinks at half price is a big drop!’ Dana replied thoughtfully.
‘Well, we still break even on certain brands!’ he replied. He tapped the table with his index finger. ‘So what’s going on with this pilot fellow of yours?’
Dana gave her uncle a sharp look. ‘Nothing, why?’
‘Oh come Dana, this is your uncle Norman you’re speaking to. I can see that you’re wrestling with something. Do you want me to give him a  clump!’
‘Oh God no, although he deserves one!’ 
Her uncle arched his eyebrows. ‘Really! Your mother tells me that your break-up wasn’t a particularly happy one. Oh and she said to give her a call.’
‘I will, it’s just the local roaming signals are terrible.’
‘Use a landline, I do!’ he suggested. ‘So why are you even entertaining this character? Don’t tell me you still love him?’
Dana sighed. ‘I think I do even though he’s been a bit of a ‘B’!’
Norman made a shocked face. ‘Dana I have never heard you swear before!’
‘That’s not swearing!’ she replied with a smile. ‘But he’s even offered to marry me!’
‘Really? So he is serious then?’
Dana nodded.
Her uncle clicked his tongue reflectively. ‘Maria thinks you’re mad to even consider giving him a second chance. There are plenty of fish in the sea. I mean, you work for the airlines. There must be plenty of other pilots to take you out to dinner?’
‘That’s very true,’ Dana answered. ‘There was Harry, Tony, Martin, Brian, Jim…I could go on.’
This time her uncle was genuinely shocked. ‘You’re kidding me?’
‘Yes I’m kidding you,’ she replied with a laugh. ‘No. There was one other man, but he wasn’t a pilot. He was just a baggage handler.’
Her uncle pulled a face. ‘A bit low in the pecking order.’
‘Well, he was a student at university doing a business course and was taking a break from his studies. His parents were really wealthy.’
‘I take that back! Stick with him then!’
Dana nodded. ‘We broke up. And it didn’t last long anyway. Anyway, he was too much into his video game playing. A bit of a nerd.’
‘Hey, don’t knock the nerds,’ her uncle said. ‘I used to be a nerd before I joined the army and took up weight training. And look at me now! I run the best bar in Catania!’
Dana really laughed at this. ‘Uncle you’re so funny!’
‘But do you want some advice?’ he asked earnestly.
‘Go on then!’
‘Get on with your life. Go back to England and find someone else. Or you can help me out at my new brewery if you want. Want a job doing my accounts? You got one if you like. I hate paperwork!’
Dana nodded. She suddenly felt like crying. Her uncle’s concern for her was so touching. ‘I love you uncle!’
He smiled back at her, ‘And I love you too. Just remember whatever you do, I’ll always back you up!’ 
‘Thanks uncle!’ Dana replied staring into her breakfast bowl thoughtfully. ‘But you might have a point about going back to England.’
‘Hmm.’
‘But I love flying, I love the fascinating people you meet, and you get offers all the time. I don’t know what to do.’
Her uncle raised his eyebrows. ‘Well, I’m sure the airline pays very well. And I couldn’t offer you anything like the pay you’re on.’ 
‘Money isn’t everything,’ Dana said. ‘But perhaps Lex coming here to Catania is fate. Apparently he own a block of apartments in Italy.’
Her uncle nodded. ‘Well, that would keep you busy!’
‘That’s what I’m afraid of,’ Dana answered. ‘Perhaps he’s just looking for a skivvy!’
‘Listen, that’s exactly what I would have said,’ her uncle commented. ‘It could turn into a bit of a trap. I suppose it depends how much you love him.’
At this point Maria walked in. ‘I bet you don’t love him as much as I love this hunk!’ she said squeezing Norman on the shoulder.
Her uncle frowned and got up. ‘I think this is my cue to get behind that blooming bar!’
‘Damn right!’ Maria said smiling. ‘But you can’t fault the business here. I think Gwen is making a wise decision. When is she popping in?’
‘Anytime,’ Dana said rolling her eyes. ‘Oh, and she wants me to put in a good word for her.’
Both her uncle Norman and Maria stopped in their tracks to hear what she was going to say.
Dana looked up at them. ‘What?’
‘We’re waiting to hear the good word you’re going to put in for her,’ her uncle said.
Dana laughed and shrugged. ‘I don’t know what I can say really. I’ll think Gwen is very keen and will give you something near your asking price.’
‘That’s what I wanted to hear!’ her uncle said, and he went out to attend to a customer.
Maria took Norman’s chair. ‘So, you made your mind up yet, about Lex?’
‘I keep going round and round in circles,’ Dana said. ‘One thing I’ve always wanted to ask you, Maria. Why didn’t you have any children?’
Maria’s face became transformed. ‘Did Norm say anything then?’
‘What do you mean?’
Maria tapped her stomach. ‘There’s one on the way, that’s why we’re giving up the bar.’
Dana gasped in surprise and then got up and hugged Maria. ‘Oh Maria congratulations! That will make me an aunt!’
‘It certainly will!’ Maria said with a smile.
‘So I suppose that’s made my mind up for me then,’ Dana said.
‘What do you mean?’
‘I’ll have to stay in Sicily to help you mind the baby!’
Maria laughed. ‘Oh goodness. Don’t go changing your life around for my sake.’
‘No, it’s not that,’ Dana said. ‘See I’ve just realised something. I’m just looking for an excuse to stay here and be with Lex, even if he has been a jerk. Even if we’ll be living in Italy.’
‘Italy?’ Maria said perplexed.
‘Yes, Lex has some apartments in Italy,’ Dana explained. ‘I’ve just found out. I could be a commuting babysitter!’
‘Sounds a bit impractical to me,’ Maria said with a frown.
‘I could do it sometimes,’ Dana said.
Maria took Dana’s hand. ‘I think you’ve answered your own question. You clearly love Lex and you want to give him another chance. Am I right or am I right?’
Dana stood up and put her breakfast bowl in the sink and gave Maria a pained look. ‘I don’t know. I just don’t know!’ 

Putting The Past Behind
Dana had known mental torture before. Once during her exams at university and then when Lex left her and now, the pain of indecision. The more she thought about the situation, the more tied up in knots she was. 
Here was a handsome successful man offering to marry her, but his past behaviour had completely destroyed any trust she might have had in him. What would stop him going off again or playing the field while she was stuck at home? A marriage vow? 
Also, he was in a profession where there was a lot of temptation. As far as Dana could see the airline seemed to pick staff on the basis of their looks among other things.
It seemed to Dana there were just two desirable and attainable jobs available to pretty young women: modelling and being an airhostess. Although, you did need a bit of savvy to work for an airline. 
Dana knew she was attractive, and she did get a lot of attention, but pilots did love the younger ones. She was also getting older and lines were beginning to appear around her eyes. But these were due purely to the trials of life, or so she poetically told herself.
The lunchtime trade at Grammaticos was starting to pick up and Dana went and helped her uncle behind the bar. She also ferried lunches to and from the kitchen. It was easy to get exhausted very quickly there, and Dana realised how out of shape she was. Maria, on the other time was used to the pressure, but now that she was with child knew she had to slow down a bit.
It was when her uncle had to go down to the cellar to replace an empty beer keg that a customer suddenly grabbed Dana’s arm over the counter. 
‘Hey where’s my ham and salad club sandwich?’ the man demanded in an unpleasant manner. ‘I’ve been waiting ten minutes!’
Dana tried to remove her arm from his grip. ‘I’m so sorry sir, I’ll just go and see how it’s doing.’
But the dark-haired man in his thirties, who was clearly drunk, kept a grip on her and leaned towards her. ‘You don’t normally work here do you?’ He had an Australian accent.
Dana looked up the bar for her uncle, but she was the only one serving at this moment. ‘Could you please let my arm go, sir, so I can check on your order?’
‘I don’t want it if the bread’s gone all curly!’ the man said nastily. ‘Here, what you doing afterwards? Fancy going to the beach?’
‘No she doesn’t!’ said Lex suddenly appearing from nowhere and socking the man in the jaw. The man staggered backwards and landed on a table with a crash scattering the customers. At this point Dana’s uncle suddenly appeared, and without asking any questions, he and Lex turfed the man onto the street.
‘I could hear the conversation down in the cellar!’ her uncle said shaking Lex’s hand.
Dana came out from behind the bar to assist the people at the disrupted table.
‘I apologise folks,’ Lex said literally dusting his hands. ‘Next round is on me.’
‘That’s alright,’ an elderly man said. ‘He was being a bit of a nuisance anyway!’
‘That’s Dean – an ex-Australian sheep farmer!’ her uncle said. ‘That’s the third time he’s been fresh with the bar staff. This time I’m banning him.’
‘I should think so too,’ Dana said smiling up at Lex gratefully.
Lex had appeared at the bar with Gwen and Sheila, but there was a third woman with the group. Dana blinked as she faintly recognised her. It was Caroline, she was sure, the estate agent from London or was it Birmingham?
‘Remember Caroline, she’s popped over for a few days,’ Lex said in an almost embarrassed voice.
‘I can see,’ Dana said stiffly.
Caroline came over to her and gave Dana a friendly hug. ‘Hello stranger! I’ve just got married, and Bob and I are honeymooning in Catanzaro. So I’d thought we’d come and pay my respects. Bob’s out in the car!’
‘Oh, congratulations!’ Dana replied instantly feeling relief. Now that Caroline had a husband of her own, some of Dana’s painful doubts began to recede.
‘Caroline knows a cheap and reliable local Italian developer who can help me sort out some problems with my penthouse,’ Lex said quickly. ‘Apparently it can be doubled in size.’
‘That’s great!’ Dana replied politely.
‘Yes, it is!’ Lex said.
At that point Caroline’s husband Bob came to the door of the bar. He was almost the spitting image of Lex only very much shorter. ‘I’ll be back in an hour!’ he said to the group and disappeared.
Caroline gave him  a wave.
‘He gave us all a lift,’ Lex said. He clearly felt the need to explain.
‘Ah!’ Dana said not knowing what else to say.
It was at that point her uncle Norman directed them all over to a free table and Marie brought over the drinks and snacks. ‘Welcome to my office,’ Norman said, and the negotiations for Grammaticos began in earnest.
****
Life was so full of surprises, Dana thought as the discussions commenced and rolled amicably along. Everyone was expecting the two men to go head to head on the sale of the bar. But it was the women who took the lead, namely Sheila and Maria. 
In fact, Dana’s uncle Norman just sat back comfortably in his chair and gave Lex a contented wink. The women were doing swimmingly. The only role Gwen seemed to have was to okay the final agreed figure. 
Gwen had made up her mind that she wanted the bar and Norman wanted to sell it. In fact the final agreement suited both parties very well. Norman had saved a load on notary fees and Gwen was getting a going and profitable concern.
Then to everybody’s surprise at the end of the meeting, Norman got up from the table and addressed the whole bar. ‘Ladies and gentlemen, I have an announcement to make!’
Everyone fell silent and looked up at him.
‘Grammaticos is now under new management, well practically,’ he said. ‘So I want you to do your duty and be as supportive to the new managers as you can. So please give a round of applause to the new owner. Gwen stand up and be counted!’
Gwen’s face went red as she got to her feet. The applause in the bar was sincere and enthusiastic. She dabbed at her eyes. ‘Thank you.’
Sheila took her hand.
‘Speech, speech!’ someone said.
‘Well, I only have two things to say,’ Gwen said clearing her throat, as she improvised. ‘One, I won’t tolerate any bad behaviour!’
There was laughter at this.
‘And two, from now on happy hour will be an hour earlier and this week the first twenty drinks will be on the house!’
The applause and cheers were deafening. Dana smiled up at her admiringly. The woman was a natural.
Caroline looked over at Dana and beckoned her. ‘Come out for a smoke,’ Caroline said.
Lex’s eyes were full of curiosity as the two women got up from the table and exited the bar.
As Dana followed Caroline out, she chided herself for being too compliant. Only forty-eight hours ago Caroline was her mortal enemy and competitor, or so she thought. She didn’t want be too friendly to her. 
As soon as they were outside Caroline grabbed her arm. ‘Dana I’m so sorry if I offended you in any way,’ she began.
Dana was surprised at the woman’s humility. ‘Oh, that’s okay,’
‘You’re a lucky woman,’ Caroline said.
‘Am I?’ Dana queried doubtfully.
Caroline’s face was serious. ‘Lex is an absolute dreamboat. But he isn’t interested in me.’
Dana took this in silently. ‘What are you saying?’
‘Didn’t Lex tell you how he resisted my advances?’
To say that Dana was shocked was an understatement. ‘Really?’ The woman was being so frank that she had to be slightly tipsy.
‘Yes,’ Caroline said as she offered Dana a cigarette from her packet. They were coloured Spanish  cigaros. Dana put one in her mouth. Even unlit it was acrid.
‘I’ve been an idiot,’ Caroline continued lighting her up. ‘Shameless some might call me. I thought I was the better woman.’
Dana didn’t know how to take this. She didn’t feel she was reacting in the right way to Caroline’s confession. ‘Perhaps you are the better woman.’
Caroline shrugged. ‘If I was, Lex wouldn’t be here in Catania. It was always you that he was interested in.’
‘Was that why he left me?’
‘It wasn’t because of me, I can assure you of that,’ Caroline said. ‘Let’s walk a bit.’
They strolled up the street.
Caroline stared at her. ‘No, he left you because his mother fell seriously ill. Didn’t you know?’
Dana stopped walking. ‘What?’
‘I suppose he didn’t tell you because he didn’t want to directly blame her,’ Caroline said.
Dana was thoughtful for a moment. ‘I knew his mother was having these spasms, but I didn’t think it was that serious.’
‘She was at death’s door and she needed twenty-four seven attention. The whole nine yards. Lex almost lost his job over it.’
‘But why didn’t he tell me?’
Caroline shrugged. ‘You know Lex. Alpha males don’t like to admit their weaknesses.’
‘But that’s just stupid. But he told you and didn’t tell me!’
‘He needed to talk to someone,’
‘But why didn’t he come to me?’ Dana said. ‘I was his partner for Christ sake! What did he think I was? A heartless…cow?’
Caroline shook her head. ‘No, not at all. He told me that he didn’t want to frighten you. See the condition his mother had was genetic. It could be passed on. But she’s dead now. And Lex has come back to his senses.’
‘But he said he left me because he was confused and wasn’t sure about things.’
Caroline nodded. ‘Exactly!’
Dana drew on her cigaro. It was clearly an acquired taste.
‘But I was always saying that he should be straight with you,’ Caroline said. ‘I suppose he didn’t want to burden you with his problems or with his mother.’
‘It wouldn’t have been a burden at all,’ Dana said. Suddenly all her doubts, regrets and recriminations seemed trivial compared to what Lex had gone through. She always knew he was a bit of a mother’s boy, but in a good way. Poor Lex, she thought. 
‘So please don’t blame him.’ Caroline said. ‘And I say that because I’m now happily married to a wonderful man. So I think it’s only right that you and Lex give yourselves another chance!’
Dana suddenly grabbed Caroline’s arm. ‘I appreciate your kindness.’ Tears were forming in her eyes. 
‘Don’t cry, you’ll start me off as well!’ Caroline said.
By the time Lex came out of the bar, the two women were hugging and sobbing pathetically. 
‘What the hell’s going on?’ he demanded. 
‘I’ve just got a new best friend!’ Caroline declared wiping her tears.
Lex gave her a doubtful smile.
‘And I told her, I told Dana about your mother!’ Caroline said almost defiantly.
Lex pulled a face and looked down at the cobbled road. ‘I see.’
‘Why didn’t you say anything Lex?’ Dana demanded as she dabbed at her eyes with a bit of tissue. ‘I was your partner. You’re supposed to talk to your partner about things like that.’
Lex swung his head up and thrust his hands into his pockets. ‘I don’t know. I was embarrassed.’
‘Embarrassed that your mother was at death’s door?’ Dana said advancing on him incredulously.
‘It was so painful that I didn’t want to talk about it,’ he said, trembling slightly. ‘I was just hoping it would pass, but it got worse. It meant I had to literally move in with her to take care of her.’
‘It’s something we could have organised between us!’ Dana said. ‘I just don’t understand you sometimes, Lex.’
Lex sighed and looked back towards the bar. ‘I don’t understand myself.’
Caroline shook his head and checked her wristwatch. ‘Bob should be back soon.’
‘Lovely fellow!’ Lex said obviously trying to change the subject. 
Dana stood staring at him.
Caroline suddenly grabbed Dana’s hand. ‘Come on, let aunty Caroline sort this out.’ She pulled Dana closer to Lex and then took Lex’s hand. ‘Shake hands and make up! Or I’ll tell Bob not to give you a lift back to the hotel!’
Dana half smiled. ‘Do you think a handshake will do it?’
‘It doesn’t have to stop there,’ Caroline said.
Lex took Dana’s hand. ‘I’m sorry I was so stupid!’
Dana gave his hand a squeeze, but she didn’t want to appear too enthusiastic. ‘It was all so unnecessary.’
‘So are we good?’ Lex asked.
Dana frowned. ‘It depends.’
‘Depends on what?’ Lex asked.
‘I need to be sure you’re not just looking for a skivvy!’
Lex’s face was one of surprise. ‘Skivvy? What are you talking about?’
‘Those apartments of yours,’ Dana said. ‘If you think I’m going to get on my hands and knees and start scrubbing hallways and collect laundry and stuff, you’ve got another thing coming!’
‘We’ve got people who already do that,’ Lex said reassuringly.
Suddenly a car drove up to them. It was Bob, Caroline’s other half, and he stuck his head out the driver’s window. ‘You done here yet?’
Caroline bent down and threw her arms around his neck. ‘I think we’re just about ready to go back!’
Lex smiled at Bob. ‘Actually Bob we could walk back. It’s only up the road.’
‘Nonsense!’ Bob said. ‘I haven’t hired this car for nothing.’
‘We’d better go check on the ladies,’ Dana said walking back towards Grammaticos.
‘Yeah,’ Lex said as he followed her, giving Bob a meaningful macho wink. 

Second Time Round

Dana’s uncle had instantly found a buyer for his business in Gwen, but he started to get cold feet. ‘Suppose the beer I brew in the new business is awful?’ he suddenly blurted out the next day over breakfast.
Both Dana and Maria looked at him surprised. 
‘Impossible,’ Maria said optimistically. ‘Just follow the seller’s guidelines.’
Dana’s uncle seemed full of doubt. ‘I’ve only done a few experiments, as you know, and the results weren’t exactly spectacular.’
‘I thought it tasted alright,’ Maria said referring to the ale Norman had brewed a few months back in the shed.
He nodded. ‘I suppose I do have a sort of feeling for the business. And the brewery is all set up in production mode and there are two men in charge of the tanks.’
‘Coppers!’ Maria corrected him.
‘Yes that’s what I mean,’ he said. ‘In charge of the coppers.’
‘Plus it’s all computerised now,’ Maria said. ‘What could go wrong?’
Dana, who was munching through some marmalade on toast at the table frowned. ‘What are coppers?’
‘Large tanks where they mix everything together to produce the beer,’ Maria said.
‘Ah,’ Dana replied. She was pleased her uncle was satisfied with Gwen’s offer for the business. But it meant that her connection to Gwen and Sheila would soon come to an end after she had helped them out a bit. However, she had no intention of becoming a full-time employee. Being bar staff was not a cherished dream of hers. She already had a career.
Her uncle gave her an enquiring look. ‘I must say, I’m quite impressed with Lex. At least he’s prepared to stand up for you!’
Dana half smiled. ‘Oh you mean when he knocked that man on his back? I just hope he doesn’t try and sue him!’
Her uncle laughed. ‘No worries about that. Dean is an idiot. Can’t hold his drink. But I’ve banned him anyway!’
Maria finished off her coffee. ‘So what’s happening with Lex then? Is he back in your good books?’
‘Lex? Well, I’m half prepared to give it another go,’ Dana said. ‘He seems different. But better. Also the situation wasn’t his fault. I haven’t told you, have I? His mother got really sick and he felt he had to sacrifice our relationship to look after her. That’s why he left me.’
Maria pulled a face. ‘Strange logic.’
Dana shrugged and sighed. ‘Well I can’t fathom it. But it seems to make sense to him.’
‘Well let’s hope he’ll be as dutiful with you as he was with his mother,’ Maria said.
Dana’s uncle scratched his chin. ‘What’s it all about, eh?’ He stood up and put his breakfast things in the sink. ‘Better open up for the late morning crowd, I suppose.’ He strode out to the bar.
Dana’s phoned buzzed. It was a text from Lex. ‘Fancy having a picnic on the beach? My hotel does a great basket!’
‘Ok, where and when?’ she texted back.
‘Meet you outside your uncle’s bar at one o’clock?’
‘Ok!’ Dana replied and clicked off.
Maria looked at her enquiringly. ‘So what are you doing today?’
‘I’m having lunch on the beach with Lex,’ Dana replied.
Maria smiled and gave her a wink. ‘Nice. But don’t be too easy on him. It gives men the wrong idea!’
‘I won’t!’ Dana replied with a laugh.
****
Lex had apparently had a haircut and it made him look younger. He was wearing a pair of sunglasses and a T-shirt. He was also holding a picnic basket and a bag with towels in.
Dana nodded. ‘Have you had a haircut?’
‘Short back and sides,’ he said.
‘It suits you,’ she said. ‘I hate it when men have their hair long.’
‘Well, I’ve never really had it that long,’ he answered. ‘Airlines don’t like it.’
‘No,’ she said. ‘Are we walking?’
‘It will give you an appetite for the veal and ham pie.’
‘Ah my favourite,’ Dana said pulling a disgusted face.
‘There are also salmon sandwiches, and wine and some other bits and pieces.’
‘I don’t like warm wine,’ she said.
‘It’s still cold,’ he replied. ‘The beach is just over that hill.’
‘I do know,’ she said.
He gave her a worried look. ‘You seem a bit on edge.’
‘Do I?’
‘Hmm,’ he said as they strolled along in the blazing sun towards the almost deserted beach.
Dana always kept a pair of sunglasses in her little handbag and she took them out and plonked them on her nose. ‘It’s going to be another baking hot day.’
He nodded. ‘Yup. Ideal beach weather. So have you thought about my proposal?’
‘I’ve thought of nothing else,’ she answered.
Lex smiled, obviously pleased. ‘Good, and I really mean it. So Caroline let the cat out of the bag then? She’s got a big mouth!’
‘Where is she today?’ Dana enquired.
‘Well she’s with Bob and they’re driving all over the island, but they’re staying in Catanzaro on the mainland.’
‘I know, she’s said.’
‘So what do you think?’ Lex stopped walking. ‘About my offer. Will you marry me?’
Dana paused and laughed. ‘You like to get straight to the point, don’t you, Lex?’
They were standing on the brow of the hill where grass and sand met the tarmac of the road. The sight of the beach and the sea seemed appealing, although a bit neglected with just a few beachcombers. But the sound of the surf seemed to be beckoning her. 
‘So?’ he pressed. ‘And I promise I am not looking for a new skivvy. ‘I’ve got two already. Sophia and Rumi.’
‘Spanish?’ she asked.
Lex continued walking. ‘Something like that. They do all the cleaning in the hallways outside the apartments.’
‘So who manages the place when you’re flying?’
‘Rumi,’ he replied. ‘And she won’t stand for any nonsense from anyone. She’s a great manager. Not that I have any problems.’
‘And where will we live?’ Dana asked. 
‘In my apartment, which is the size of four ordinary ones,’ he explained.
They stopped a few yards from the surf and Lex laid out the towels for them to sit on.
‘What about my flat in England?’ she said looking at him.
‘Sell it,’ he replied.
He threw himself down on the ground and Dana joined him. She opened up the specially prepared hamper. It was packed. The wine was also still chilled and there were some flutes to drink out of.
She began to organise their lunch when Lex suddenly grabbed her and kissed her gently on the lips. At first she didn’t react and then she took his hand. ‘Oh Lex, Lex, why didn’t you trust me?’
He blinked. ‘You mean where my mother was concerned?’
‘Yes, that’s what couple’s do, they stand together,’ she said. ‘Instead you just left without explaining yourself. Well you did explain, but what you said wasn’t true.’
‘It was half true,’ he replied taking his flute and filling it with wine.
‘But together we could have really made a difference to your mother’s life. She might have survived.’
He gave her a look. ‘You seemed to have forgotten that you and she didn’t really see eye to eye. In fact I seem to recall you saying that she was a hard hearted so and so!’
‘I did not!’
‘Honestly, you did, and so I just assumed that the two of us taking it in turns to look after her wouldn’t work,’ he said. ‘So I decided to do it on my own.’
She shook her head. ‘Look, I always liked your mother, but she had old fashioned ideas. And I don’t think she wanted you to be with me.’
He shrugged. ‘Who knows. But let’s not let the past get in the way now.’
‘Suppose I sell my flat and it doesn’t work out between us?’
He smiled and shrugged. ‘So don’t sell it. Put a tenant in there and get an estate agent to look after the property for you. Caroline would do it.’
At this, Dana pricked up her ears. It would help her pay off the rest of her mortgage. And if it didn’t work out between her and Lex, she could always go back to England and live there again. It was all beginning to sound like a bit of a worthwhile gamble. 
‘So is that a yes?’ he said again. ‘I need to know because Gwen and Sheila want to organise the wedding.’ 
Dana chortled. ‘And I suppose Gwen will want us to have the reception in Grammaticos where she can charge us an arm and leg?’
Lex frowned. ‘I don’t think she’s like that!’
‘Really?’ Dana said. ‘Well, I can’t fault the venue.’
‘Listen if we get married, or rather, when we get married, it will be entirely up to you where we hold the reception,’ he said firmly. ‘I just want you to be happy. Do you think you could be happy with me?’
‘Maybe, I haven’t said yes yet,’ Dana said.
‘I don’t want to pressure you,’ he said. ‘But you need to know that I deeply regret my mistake. My behaviour was disrespectful to you. And you’re right, I should have trusted you, after all you were my partner. So I’m really sorry. If you decided that your answer is no, then I will be a very sad man. No, a devastated man.’
She sighed. ‘Well I can’t deny that I wasn’t devastated when you dumped me! And I’ve never worked out why we never got married before. We certainly talked about it enough.’
He nodded and took the paper plate with a bit of pie and a sandwich on it which she handed to him. ‘If we had got married none of this would have happened.’
‘True,’ she replied not really knowing if this was true or not. ‘But there is just one thing bothering me. What will happen when you get a flying gig? I mean, as a freelancer you get offers to fill in at really short notice which could be quite inconvenient. Why don’t you just get a regular job as a pilot with a respectable airline? And then I might be able to accompany you and leave Mrs Rumi or whatever her name is, to manage the apartments.’
Lex looked at her as he munched his pie. ‘I was thinking the same thing myself. In fact I have already been offered a regular job with Singapore Crest International. The pay is okay not brilliant, but I would be entitled to get shares as part of my package.’
‘Oh wow, really!’ Dana replied enthusiastically. ‘Now if you could wangle it for me to get a transfer from VLA to Crest, then we could be part of the same crew. Then I’d say yes to your offer of marriage.’
‘So you wouldn’t say yes because you love me then?’ he said with a half-smile on his face.
‘Lex, I have always loved you,’ she said looking him in the eyes. ‘Even though I was hurting and in real pain when you left, I knew there would never be anyone else to replace you. The issue isn’t whether I still love you or not, it’s whether I can trust you!’
He nodded. ‘I understand. Of course, you’re right, that is the issue. Look, I’ll be honest, I don’t know what the future holds, but I can tell you I will do everything in my power to make it work for us. And there has never been another woman. Certainly, as we both know, there is always temptation on a commercial flight, but I was too miserable to bother with it. I think the last year has been the most downbeat year of my life. Plus, my book didn’t do too well either.’
She patted him on the arm. ‘I’d like to read it. Is it a self-published book?’
‘No, but the publisher left me to do all the promotion,’ he said. ‘I did get advice on the matter and apparently you have to set up a Facebook account and mailing list and cultivate an audience. But I was too busy for all that.’
‘Perhaps I can help you with that,’ she said. ‘As long as you haven’t said anything bad about me in your book. Have you?’
Lex screwed up his eyes and blinked. ‘Of course not! But I did I write one line about you.’
‘Oh yes? What was that then?’
Lex cleared his throat. ‘As I recall I wrote, the one good thing about working for an airline is that your chances of meeting someone special are really good, and I did.’
‘Hmm,’ Dana said thoughtfully. ‘A bit underwhelming, but yeah, okay.’
‘Okay what?’
‘I’ll marry you,’ she replied. And as she said these words she felt a flutter in her stomach. ‘Only as long as you take up that offer with Singapore Crest!’
He looked at her seriously. ‘I think I will. I’m tired of being the go-to-guy for odd flying jobs anyway. And Mrs Rumi likes her work, so she’ll be relieved you’re not taking over from her!’
Dana smiled. ‘I have a feeling I’m going to like this Mrs Rumi.’
‘Oh you will, she’s a lovely woman.’ He got out his phone and started texting.
‘Who you texting?’ Dana asked.
‘Who do you think? I promised I’d let Gwen and Sheila know as soon as you agreed to marry me. I expect they are on tenterhooks!’
Dana smiled and shook her head. ‘They’re a pair, aren’t they!’
He nodded. ‘On that point, I can’t disagree with you. And I have a feeling they are going to be our friends for life!’ 

A New Future
When Dana got up the next morning, she felt full of fear and worry. She went and sat at the breakfast table opposite Maria in a sort of daze. It was as if she had a bad revelation or something worse. 
Maria gave her a quizzical look. ‘Hey, there are some eggs in the pan with your name on them.’
Dana automatically stood up, her mind miles away. ‘Oh, thanks.’
‘You okay?’ Maria asked.
‘I think I might have made the biggest mistake of my life,’ Dana said as she slipped the still warm eggs from the frying pan onto a clean plate. There were also a couple of slices of buttered toast on the bread board which she nabbed.
‘Mistake?’ Maria said. ‘Don’t tell me you finally told Lex to take a hike?’
Dana swung her around in surprise. ‘No the reverse. I agreed to marry him!’
Maria appeared to be gobsmacked. ‘No!’
Dana sat down at the table. ‘That was silly of me, wasn’t it?’
Maria was thoughtful. ‘The question is, what moved you to agree to marry him? I mean, was he really pressurising you?’
Dana reached for her knife and fork which Maria had already laid out on the table. ‘He wasn’t really pressurising me, at least not in a bad way. But he was persistent.’
‘Sometimes a man has to be, not that I’m taking his side.’
Dana nodded as she began to eat her breakfast. ‘I suppose some decisions are hard to make and we need a little push sometimes.’
‘And now you’ve woken up with the nerves,’ Maria observed. ‘But it’s only going to be an engagement isn’t it?’
Dana’s head swung up. ‘Of course you’re right. We don’t have to get married just yet. Not straight away. We can get engaged and then just think about it.’
‘That might be a way to go,’ Maria said. ‘But then you’ve known this man for ages, so you should know by now if you want to marry him.’
‘You’re right of course,’ Dana said. She reached for the salt pot and sprinkled some on one of her plain eggs. ‘I knew him then, but do I really know him now? People change.’
Maria sat back in her chair and contemplated her. ‘Look, I’m not trying to be a bad influence here, but I do know this woman. A Romani, and she’s good at curing infertility. She also gives card readings and is quite good, so I’m told.’
Dana frowned. ‘You think she’d give me a few clues then?’
‘It can’t hurt. I do know a woman who used her services and the lady predicted she would get pregnant and have five kids and it all came true.’
Dana nodded. ‘Okay, what’s her number?’
Maria smiled. ‘She doesn’t have a phone. See she’s in her nineties and likes to do things the old fashion way. You basically just have to go to her house and see if she’ll see you.’
‘Is it far?’
‘She has a little stone house in Rapisardi, not far from here,’ Maria said. ‘Tell you what. I’m owed an afternoon off. If your uncle doesn’t mind, I’ll take you there myself. I’d be curious to hear what this lady has to say. And she doesn’t charge a fee. You just make a donation.’
****
Mystic Signora Margaretta seemed pleased to have some ‘unexpected’ visitors, only in this case, she had been expecting them. She opened the wooden door of her charming little stone house with a dramatic flourish.
‘This morning I had a vision of two ladies coming to my door,’ the Romani fortune teller said in good, accented English. ‘Please come in. I see that it is an important matter.’
‘Thank you for seeing us at such short notice,’ Dana replied in surprise as she and Maria followed the colourfully dressed elderly lady through to a small dark parlour lit with candles. 
Dana was quite fascinated. The parlour had numerous mystical artefacts carefully arranged on shelves and sideboards. There were also a number of intriguing black and white photographs on display and a large Persian carpet hanging on the wall. A strong exotic aroma hung in the air like incense which was quite heady.
Signora Margaretta bade Maria to sit at a small round table which was covered in a thick blue and orange cloth.
‘The reading isn’t for me!’ Maria said. ‘It’s for Dana.’
‘I have messages for the both of you. It is not by accident that you have come here!’ the gypsy lady said. ‘Please, you sit first.’
Maria gave Dana an amused look and took the chair first and Signora Margaretta sat down and held her hands. ‘Hmm. You have an aunt in spirit who says she has been trying to make contact with you for some time. Her message to you is that you will have two children. The first one will be male, and he will grow up to be a famous politician!’
‘Really?’ Maria said in surprise.
‘Yes, but his career will be in another country,’ the gypsy said. ‘He will go to America and find his fortune there. The other child will be a girl and will be a good companion to you. But your aunt says to cut down the drinking. You are drinking too much. She was concerned for your health.’
‘Okay, thank you,’ Maria said going red. ‘That’s lovely to hear.’ She stood up.
‘Now, Dana, please sit,’ Signora Margaretta commanded. 
Dana nervously sat down, and the gypsy took her hands and then began to sadly shake her head. ‘Oh dear, no. I’m sorry to say this, but there is a bad man here. I am getting a bad man. A man of respect in public, but he is no good in private. He will break his promises. He is known to break the hearts of women! He loves money and will try and get it wherever he can.’
At these words Dana went pale. ‘Oh dear. So I had better not marry him then.’
‘Marry him?’ the fortune teller said in apparent surprise. ‘I should hope not. He is far too old for you. Even though he is a doctor, he will ruin your life.’
‘A doctor?’ Dana said giving Maria a confused look.
‘Ah wait! This message is not for you,’ the fortune teller said. ‘Sorry, it is for Glynnis? Gina? No, Gwen, yes this is a message for Gwen. You know a Gwen?’
‘Yes I know a Gwen,’ Dana said feeling very relieved. ‘And she has just recently met a doctor and I think she is seeing him.’
The fortune teller waggled her finger disparagingly. ‘Then as her friend you must tell her to forget this man. There are two paths here. If she takes up with him he will steal from her business. But if she waits, she will meet her prince, a lonely younger man from a good family. He also has a good business mind.’
Dana nodded and sighed. ‘Okay I’d better warn her then.’
‘There’s more!’ Signora Margaretta said with a concentrated frown. ‘Dana, happiness for you will arrive in less than two weeks. You are to be married to a man of the skies, a pilot. His heart is full of sadness because he has hurt you. He feels guilty, is that the English word?’
‘Yes,’ Dana said her eyes like saucers and then she broke into a sob. Maria put her arm around her.
‘He loves you with all his heart,’ the fortunes teller said. ‘But if you refuse him, he will become a recluse, is that the word? He will die sad and alone. But if you agree to marry him, your lives will be truly wonderful. You will also have a business and it will prosper, and you will go and live on the Italian mainland and have three children, all boys!’
Dana blinked several times and dabbed at her eyes. ‘Can you give me his name. I don’t want to marry the wrong man.’
The fortune teller nodded and took a deep mystical breath. ‘I am getting Mathew, Mathew Hastings, no Mark Hastings, but you call him Lex. Lex is his actual name. For some reason he has two names.’
Joy leapt in Dana’s chest. ‘He has two names because he writes.’
The fortune teller nodded. ‘Tell him to keep writing. He will have great success in that field.’
Dana smiled but her eyes were streaming with tears of sheer relief and happiness.
Maria got up to comfort her. ‘Isn’t this great! There’s your answer.’
‘Thank you Signora Margaretta,’ Dana said gratefully. ‘And I take it Maria that you’ve never met Signora Margaretta before?’
Maria shook her head and laughed. ‘If you’re wondering if I’ve told her anything about you, no. This is the first time I’ve met Signora Margaretta too.’
‘Now, please stay and have some tea with me!’ the fortune teller said with a meek smile. ‘And that will be my payment!’
****
From that day onward Dana was in a pure daze. Suddenly everything seemed more beautiful. The sky appeared bluer, the sparkling sight of the sea and surf seemed to be wishing her well for the future. Her uncle and Maria didn’t stop smiling. Even Lex, who claimed he didn’t believe in fortune telling, was clearly impressed and would appear in his airline uniform for dinner. 
Gwen was beaming because she all but owned a thriving business in Grammaticos. She had dumped the doctor and spent the next few days planning the wedding reception for Dana and Lex. As for Sheila, she didn’t stop alternatively smiling and crying. In her spinsterish way she loved Lex but was completely understanding. 
Dana viewed all these goings on through the rose-coloured glasses of someone who was truly in love. She had always loved Lex, which accounted for why she was so hurt by his betrayal, as she saw it. But her positive feelings for him had been suppressed because she was feeling so stung. All this pain could have been prevented if Lex had just communicated to her his worries. But that was Lex, she told herself.
From time to time Maria would give her worried glances. ‘Are you okay, honey?’
‘Stop being so nice to me!’ Dana objected.
Maria gave her a hug. ‘I can’t help it. I am so happy for you. And I know you’re going to be a great aunt for my kids.’
Dana made a comical face. ‘I’m just a natural!
Her uncle was also paying her more attention. ‘If you’re interested I can get you a great marriage gig!’ he said during a break from serving at the bar. 
Dana frowned. ‘What do you mean?’
‘The pastor of the Chiesa di san Frederika is one of my customers, and he’ll marry you at half price.’
Dana’s eyes lit up. ‘Do you mean that big fancy church where all the rich people get married?’
‘That’s the one,’ her uncle said with a smile. ‘It will be the wedding of the year, because all my customers will turn out to see you off!’
‘How many customers do you have?’ Dana asked thinking it was a couple of hundred.
‘Are you kidding!’ her uncle said with a laugh. ‘Practically everyone in Sicily and that’s not including the ex-pats.’
Dana suddenly grabbed his arm. ‘Oh uncle, you make me laugh! And thank you for being there for me.’
Her uncle gave her a warm hug. ‘Don’t be silly, Dana. Besides it will help introduce people to Gwen the new owner of Grammaticos!’
Dana couldn’t help but smile although there were also tears of gratitude in her eyes. Her uncle and Maria were truly the nicest people ever. ‘You never miss a trick do you uncle!’ she said.
He shrugged. ‘You have to be one step ahead!’
‘True!’
‘So what shall I tell the pastor?’ he asked.
‘Let me speak to Lex and see what he has to say,’ Dana replied. ‘After all, he’ll be the one paying for it.’
Her uncle shook his head. ‘I think you’re worse than me!’
****
Was it an illusion or did Lex look younger every time she saw him? From what he told her, he had taken to going for a run in the morning. He looked handsomer than ever.
‘Are you sure you really want to take the plunge with me?’ he suddenly asked her over brunch at the best of the two restaurants at his hotel. ‘And please don’t be influenced by what some silly fortune teller has to say.’
‘You’re not getting cold feet about it are you, Lex?’ she asked.
‘Me never!’ he replied. ‘I’m just so grateful you’ve said yes, and I hope I can now properly live up to your expectations. But I just want to make it more formal.’
She nodded. ‘So we’re not just going to get engaged, then? We’re going straight for the big one?’
‘Why waste more time?’ he said. Suddenly he stood up and then got down on his knees in front her at the table. It attracted several glances from smiling hotel guests nearby.
A powerful electric shock buzzed through Dana as she watched him, hypnotised by his movements. 
‘Dana,’ he said, his eyes glistening. He fumbled for something in his pocket, found it and held it up. It was the ring Dana had always hoped she would see.
‘Yes Lex?’
He was trembling slightly. ‘Dana, love of my life, possible future mother of my children, woman of my dreams, queen of my heart, would you take pity on a sad and lonely man who only wants to be with you forever, and marry me?’
Dana gaped at him, aware that all eyes in the hotel restaurant were on them. There was a pause which must have seemed like an eternity to Lex and then she replied, ‘Lex, king of my heart, prince of my dreams, I cannot imagine going for another day without being your wife. It is something I have always wanted. So my answer is yes, oh yes, yes I will marry you! Just try and stop me!’
They grabbed each other and kissed passionately at the table as the guests in the restaurant erupted in applause and cheering. Dana smiled self-consciously at them, her eyes moist as she slipped the ring on her finger. Life could be so beautiful, she thought. 
The waiter bowled over with a bottle of wine in an ice bucket and two glasses. There were also signs of tears in his eyes. ‘Sir, madam, please would you accept this bottle of wine on the house and can we wish you every blessing for the future! Che il tuo amore durerà per sempre – may your love last forever!’  With a flourish he placed the bottle and glasses on the table.
‘This is a set up!’ Dana said looking up. ‘This was all arranged!’
Lex smiled. ‘Of course. But hey, I have a confession to make to you. I went to Signora Margaretta myself a week ago and she told me you were the one for me, and I knew she was right!’
Dana shook her head. ‘Come here you!’ And she hugged him and kissed him again with all her might.
****

The Chiesa di san Frederika couldn’t have been a more wonderful venue to get married in. Lex even arranged to have everyone’s parents, except Dana’s estranged father, to be flown in for the occasion. The group included Dana’s mother and an aunt, whom had been keeping out of sight.
They all stayed at the Cassa Hotel much to the delight of the proprietor. Sadly, Dana’s father had deserted her mother long ago and was untraceable.
Her uncle was as good as his word though. It did seem as if everyone in Sicily had gone to Catania to witness their marriage vows. The sun couldn’t have shone brighter for the couple.  
There wasn’t a dry eye in the church as Lex and Dana said their sacred vows dressed in their airline uniforms, which was Gwen’s idea. Dana noticed Caroline and Bob sitting on the back pew and gave them a smile. Caroline grabbed her hand warmly as they exited the beautiful church building. 
When they emerged into the sunlight, Dana spotted her estranged dad standing at the edge of the cheering crowd which had assembled outside. At first she could hardly believe her eyes. He hadn’t changed a bit. Her heart thumped in her chest.
‘Dad!’ she called. ‘Where the hell have you been for the last three years?’
He humbly came forward and hugged her. ‘Don’t ask! Dana, you know I’m ex-army and I heard down the grapevine you were tying the knot in Sicily. I wouldn’t have missed it for the world!’ 
As he said these words a row of smartly dressed retired soldiers presented themselves and saluted. Then a band struck up from behind the crowd and started to play, ‘All in the April evening’. Dana gaped. It was her mother’s favourite brass band tune. She recognised some of the players as her uncle’s customers. 
Lex, looking every inch the international airline piloted, extended his hand to her father. ‘Sir, it’s lovely to meet you!’
‘You too. Now you’d better look after my only daughter or my little gang will sort you out!’ her father replied with a smile, gesturing towards the soldiers who were standing in a stiff line.
Lex grinned nervously. ‘Don’t worry, sir, this is the greatest privilege of my life. I will never fail, her!’
They continued walking towards a white Rolls Royce in the square, which was waiting to whisk them off to a secret destination. It was then that an important VLA airline executive appeared from nowhere and stepped forward. Dana immediately recognised him.
‘Mr Martins’ she said in surprise. ‘What are you doing here?’
‘To wish you congratulations,’ he said. ‘Vermont Lake Airlines have sent me to wish you well on your marriage to Lex. They have asked me to give you these tickets and hotel reservations for a seven-day world tour. It will take in London, New York, Paris and Tokyo, to arrive in Florida at Disney’s Polynesian Village Resort. See, we heard that you always wanted to go there! And it’s all being paid for by the airline!’
‘Oh my God!’ Dana replied lost for words, taking the golden envelope he gave her. ‘Thank you so much, Mr Martins. I can’t believe this!’
‘It’s our pleasure,’ he replied. ‘You are one of our best employees! And you and Lex  deserve a wonderful honeymoon!’ He shook Lex’s hand warmly.
‘Thank you Mr Martin and thank the folk back at VLA for me!’ Lex said.
‘Will do!’
Dana and Lex continued walking, all happy smiles, when her mother and aunty Lilly suddenly appeared out of the crowd and gave her a mad hug. ‘Hey, you made a great choice!’
‘Mom, Lilly, where have you been?’ Dana said with a broad smile.
‘Where do you think?’ her mother replied. ‘With you father. He wants us to start over!’
‘You are kidding me!’ Dana said unable to take it all in.
‘Nope! And why haven’t you phoned me?’ her mother demanded.
‘I do but the signal is so bad out here!’
‘Hmm, I believe you!’
The chauffeur ostentatiously opened the door of the Rolls Royce for them to get in when another  figure approached them. It was a large foreign-looking lady dressed in what appeared to be traditional Spanish costume. ‘Dana! I am so happy for you!’ she gushed in a strong Spanish accent.
Dana paused not recognising the woman at all. ‘Thank you. You are…?’
‘This is Rumi who cleans my apartments!’ Lex said with a big smile. ‘She was so thrilled that I was getting married that she wanted to come and see us off on our honeymoon.’
‘Oh, Rumi, thank you for coming,’ Dana said graciously.
The big woman gave her a loving squeeze. ‘It is an honour. Not only have I inherited a new boss, but another daughter as well!’
‘Bless you!’ Dana replied.
‘You look beautiful!’ Sheila suddenly said from behind her. Gwen was standing next to her.
‘Thank you!’
‘We’ll have a reception here after your honeymoon!’ Gwen told her. ‘It will be an after the reception reception!’
‘Any excuse to have a booze up, eh!’ Dana replied.
‘You bet!’ Gwen said.
Dana climbed into the Rolls Royce, which was very spacious, and gave a wave to the crowd which cheered loudly.
Lex got in after her. ‘You okay? You look a bit upset?’
Dana frowned. ‘No everything is just perfect, it’s just…’
Lex frowned. ‘It’s just what?’
‘It’s a shame that Margot, my best friend isn’t here to see us off,’ Dana replied as the door of the car closed. ‘I guess she’s just too busy.’
Lex started to smile. 
‘What are you grinning about?’ she asked.
‘Margot is going to meet us at the Florida resort with the rest of your crew to have the stopover you didn’t have here,’ Lex answered.
Dana suddenly sobbed. It was all too much. ‘Oh my God. No!’
Lex grabbed her hand.
Suddenly her phoned buzzed. It was Margot.
‘Hey, congratulations girl-friend!’ Margot said enthusiastically. ‘We’re all in Florida waiting for you!’
‘Oh Margot that’s wicked! ‘ Dana replied happily. ‘Why haven’t you phoned me?’
‘Been up to my eyeballs,’ Margot answered. ‘And you’re not going to believe it!’
‘What?’ Dana asked curiously.
‘You’ll find out when you get here! Have a safe journey! Bye!’ And she hung up.
Dana put her phone down. ‘Wow!’
Lex rubbed her arm. ‘Happy now?’
‘Happy? It couldn’t be more perfect!’ Dana sighed, relaxing in her seat as the Rolls Royce pulled away. She waved to the crowd which was following the car. ‘Thank you Lex, for everything.’
‘Don’t thank me yet. You haven’t seen the real surprise we’ve got in store for you!’ he said.
‘What’s that?’
‘Ah ha!’ Lex said mysteriously.
And with that the chauffeur stepped on the gas as they sped towards Fontanarossa airport.
But Dana had already guessed what the surprise was. Either her best friend Margot was getting married in Florida or her separated parents were going to renew their wedding wows. She would soon find out.

The End


A plea to my readers

Dear Reader,
I wonder if you would be so kind as to give me a review for this story? I’d love to know how you felt about it, and a score between 1-5 would be most helpful!
With warmest regards,
Herbert



About the Author

Herbert Howard Jones was born on Chelsea London, attended a boarding school in Norfolk and then went onto Lisburn Technical College in Northern Ireland. He lived in London for most of his life and worked for a firm of solicitors. He has always dabbled in the arts, music, art and writing. Below is a link to his other books:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/HHjones
