
The Problem with Fire


Copyright 2020 Monica Clayton
Published by M.E. Clayton

All Rights Reserved

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. The entire content is a product of the author’s imagination and all names, places, businesses, and incidences are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons (living or dead), places or occurrences, is entirely coincidental.

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner, whatsoever, without the express written consent from the author, except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles or reviews.

Formatting: Smashwords
Cover: Adobe Stock

Warning: This book contains sexual situations and other adult themes. Recommended for 18 years of age and over.
Table of Contents
Author's Note
Contact Me
Dedication
Playlist
Prologue
1. Monroe
2. Sayer
3. Monroe
4. Sayer
5. Monroe
6. Sayer
7. Monroe
8. Sayer
9. Monroe
10. Sayer
11. Monroe
12. Sayer
13. Monroe
14. Sayer
15. Monroe
16. Sayer
17. Monroe
18. Sayer
19. Monroe
20. Sayer
21. Monroe
22. Sayer
23. Monroe
24. Sayer
25. Monroe
Epilogue
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Other Books
Author’s Note
Just a couple of things before I let you go and get your read on. While I am doing my best to work with better editing and proofreading software, all my books are solo, independent works. I write my books, proofread my books, edit my books, create the covers, etc. I have one beta who gives me feedback on my stories, but other than that, all my books are independent projects.

That being said, I apologize, in advance, for the typos, grammar inconsistencies, or any other mistakes I may make. Since writing is strictly a hobby for me, I haven’t looked into commitments in regard to publishers, editors, etc. My hope is that my stories are enjoyable enough that a few mistakes, here and there, can be overlooked. However, if you’re a stickler for grammar, my books are probably not for you.

Also, I am an avid reader-I mean an AVID reader. I love to read above any other hobby. However, the only downside to my reading obsession is when I fall in love with a series, but I have to wait for the additional books to come out. And because I feel that disappointment down to my soul, when I started publishing my works, I vowed to publish all books in my series all at once. No waiting here…LOL. Now, the exception to that will be if enough readers request additional stories based off the standalone, such as in Facing the Enemy. At that point, if I decide to move forward with a requested series, I will make sure all additional books are available all at once. As much as this is a hobby for me, I am writing these books for all of you, as well as myself.

Thank you, for everything!
Contact Me
I really appreciate you reading my book and I would love to hear from you! Now, unfortunately, because I do have a full-time job, and a family I love spending time with, at this time, I’m afraid it would be very hard for me to maintain a multitude of social media sites. However, for the sites I do participate in, here are my social media coordinates:


Website 


Facebook 


Instagram 


Email 


Newsletter 
Dedication
For my readers – 
You guys really, really rock!
Playlist
Gotta Tell You – Samantha Mumba
Shook My All Night Long – AC/DC
You’re So Vain – Carly Simon
Nobody Wants To be Lonely – Ricky Martin ft. Christina Aguilera
Sorry, Not Sorry – Demi Lovato
Talking Body – Tov Lo
Bliss (I Don’t Want To Know) – Hinder
What If – Kane Brown
The Woman In Me – Shania Twain
Maybe It Was Memphis – Pam Tillis
Prologue
“I want a divorce.”
I stopped rummaging through my dresser drawer, as I had been searching for my favorite pajama pants. I turned to face my husband who was standing on the other side of the room, our queen size bed like a battle line between us.
He looked serious.
“What?”
I watched as he straightened taller, his hazel eyes clear and determined. “I want a divorce,” he repeated, and I was still having trouble following.
My hand gripped the edge of the opened drawer as my stomach pitched. “Yo…you want a divorce?” We’d been married fourteen years, together for fifteen. We’d met our sophomore year in college, but our friendship hadn’t turned romantic until our junior year at Stanford. We had married as soon as we had graduated and had Leta two years later.
And now, fifteen years later, he was standing in our bedroom and telling me that he wanted a divorce. My handsome husband, with his sandy brown hair, beautiful hazel eyes, and impressive physique for a man edging towards forty, was standing in our bedroom, looking at me, ending our marriage.
“I haven’t been happy for a long while, Monroe,” he announced as if I were supposed to have known this, even though he’s never said anything. “And life is too short to spend it unhappy.”
Normally, I’d agree, but…
“I don’t understand, Thomas,” I replied, confused and…in shock, I think. “If you’ve been unhappy, why didn’t you say anything before now? Couns-”
“It doesn’t matter,” he said, cutting me off. “I’m saying something now.” It had to be shock. For me to stand here, so calmly, listening to him say words he won’t ever be able to take back, it had to be shock. “And I’m not going to waste my time or yours with counseling that I know won’t work.” The tone of his voice wasn’t hard to miss. It was apparent that Thomas had already moved on both emotionally and mentally, if not physically, and he wasn’t suggesting divorce. No. He was telling me he was getting a divorce.
I wasn’t quite sure what I was supposed to feel right now. My marriage was supposed to last, and I didn’t have a Plan B. I knew somewhere in the back of my mind that I should be crying, or screaming, or pleading for…a chance? For his love?
I mean, I should be feeling something, right?
But then like most mothers, my maternal instinct kicked in and reminded me that even though my marriage was falling apart right now, there was still someone more important in all this that needed me to fight for her. “What about Leta? Have…have you thought about what this will do to Leta?”
“She’s young. She’ll get over it,” he replied stoically.
And that’s when I felt the first twinge of emotion. “She’s young? She’ll get over it?” I repeated. “Are you serious? How…she’s a twelve-year-old girl,” I said, feeling the need to remind him. “She’s going to be devastated.”
“And like most kids from divorced families, she’ll get over it, Monroe,” he said again.
I stared at this man in my bedroom, who I didn’t know, and wondered what in the hell was going on. Thomas was a good father. He always has been. He and Leta had a wonderful relationship. So, for him to dismiss her and her feelings so casually…well, that told me that even if I did get on my knees and beg for a chance to make our marriage work, he wouldn’t.
He was done with me.
Too bad I’d been the last one to know it.
I knew I was going to feel rage, betrayal, pain, and sadness further down the line, but right now, all I felt was anger on Leta’s behalf. “Well, then, if you’re so sure that she’ll get over it, then you’re going to tell her you’re divorcing me,” I spat.
He nodded. “I’ll just explain-”
“No,” I snapped, stopping him. “You don’t get to dismiss how this will affect her and still try to come out of this mess squeaky clean. If you want an uncomplicated divorce, then you’re going to have to be completely honest with her. There won’t be any of this ‘me and your mother’ bullshit. You’re going to tell her the truth, Thomas, which shouldn’t be too hard since she’ll eventually get over it, right?”
“I think it’s best if I stay in a hotel tonight,” he said, ignoring my conditions.
“I think you’re right,” I agreed, and wondered, again, what the hell was going on.
Chapter 1
Monroe – (Three Years Later)~
What the hell was wrong with me?
I was a grown ass woman with a fifteen-year-old child, one marriage, and one divorce under my belt, and creeping up on forty. I should not be lusting after youngsters.
I wasn’t a pervert, for Christ’s sake.
But then what was the age limit for pervertedness?
A three-year difference?
Five?
Ten?
Twenty?
And did it depend on the age range? If a person was fifty but their partner was forty, that sounded more acceptable than if you were forty and your partner was only thirty, for goodness’ sake. And ten years might not seem like much to people, but if you were twenty-five and you were chasing a fifteen-year-old, they’d put you in prison for that shit.
So, what in the hell was age appropriate?
And if it was a forty-year-old man with a thirty-year-old woman, how did that stack up against a forty-year-old woman with a thirty-year-old man?
And if you were fifty and found yourself attracted to someone your children’s age, then what? Was that wrong? Was it okay as long as your children approved?
Since I needed to finish my coffee and start my day, I closed my eyes and turned away from my kitchen window before I gave myself a goddamn headache.
I knew my neighbor was only thirty-five. I knew he was a firefighter, and a grown ass man, living in his own home, paying his own bills, and was a full-fledge productive member of society. And how did I know all this? My neighbor to the left, Kerry Florence, was a fountain of neighborhood information. And when Mr. Sayer Hayes had moved into the house to the right of mine, Kerry had done her best to welcome him to the neighborhood. And in the two months that he’s lived there, I’ve only exchanged a couple of hellos with the man, and that’s been it.
Being a firefighter, he worked weird hours, but every now and again, I’d catch him coming home from work or leaving for work, and it was all I could do to keep my tongue from lolling out like a love-struck cartoon character.
Sayer Hayes was everything you’d imagine a hot, sexy firefighter to be. He was well over six-feet tall with muscles that couldn’t be contained no matter how loosely he wore his shirts. He had dark brown hair and bright blue eyes (that bit I got from Kerry because I’ve yet to talk to the man beyond the mumbled hellos), and a face carved from perfection.
In short, the man was smokin’ hot. And God bless his soul, he was a firefighter to boot. What was more sexier than that?
And here I was, a mousy thirty-nine-year-old who was heading towards forty in a few months. I wasn’t a complete hag, but I wasn’t gravity-free, either. And I had a child who’d left proof of her existence behind on my wide hips, stretch-marked tummy, and not-so-perky breasts. And even though I worked out and did my best to stay in shape, age was the motherfucker of all wars. You could fight it all you wanted, but age prevailed like a damn five-star general.
Of course, my uncontrollable drool could also be a result of my three-year penis hiatus. After Thomas had dropped the bomb that he had wanted a divorce, I had spent that first year putting all my efforts into making the change as painless as possible for Leta. I had totally failed, by the way, but that hadn’t stopped me from doing my best as her mother.
I had also spent that first year doing everything I could to get promoted at work. My personal life had been a disaster, but I had managed to work my way up from a county clerk to one of the three Silias County building inspectors. The pay increase had been a godsend, and it had allowed me support Leta without the benefit of child support or alimony.
Even though Thomas had turned out to be a jackass, he had always been a good father, so I hadn’t fought him when he had demanded fifty/fifty custody of Leta. And with fifty percent custody, he hadn’t been required to pay child support. He also had offered to let me keep the house, but pride had been my best friend during that first year, and we had ended up selling everything and splitting it all right down the middle. It was how I had been able to buy the house Leta and I lived in now.
The second year had been spent digging into my new role at work, and still working on getting Leta through the shitty thing her father had done. After months of crying, raging, hurting, and going through all the other stages of divorce, I had found that the one thing I had resented the most was how Thomas hadn’t given us a chance at all. Instead of coming to me when he had first started feeling the first signs of unhappiness, he had sat on his feelings until he no longer felt anything for me. That was the crap that pissed me off. Not because I was still pining over him, but because he had ruined my daughter’s chance at having a happy family, and all because he hadn’t wanted to bother with trying to fix what had been going wrong.
The dick.
And this past year had been all about being happy. Other than Leta still being pissed at her father and being just a moody fifteen-year-old girl, life was pretty good. I had a great job, a nice house in a nice neighborhood, a healthy, moody daughter, and a best friend I wouldn’t trade for anything in the world.
So, penis hasn’t been a priority these past few years, what with me trying to get my life back together. And on the weeks that Leta was with Thomas, I worked that frustration out by going through batteries by the dozens. I was fairly certain me and my vibrator were a large part of what was destroying the planet’s environment, even if I did try to buy recycled batteries.
And even though Thomas had broken my heart, he hadn’t turned me into a man-hater. He had turned me into a Thomas-hater, but I hadn’t fallen into that trap of believing that all men were awful. I didn’t think all men were awful. I had just fallen into a nice, quiet, safe existence, and I wasn’t exactly eager to cause any waves after the tsunami Thomas had already put me through.
However, my need for a peaceful, uncomplicated life hadn’t made me blind, deaf, or dumb. And every time I saw Sayer Hayes coming or going from his home, my lady parts tingled. He was truly a magnificent male specimen, and he was just another reason for me to believe in God, because…
Oh. My. God.
My phone rang, blessedly snapping me out of my inappropriate thoughts about my young neighbor. “Hey.”
“We’re planning a camping trip for the week after next, when Leta goes back to stay with Thom-ass. Do you want to come with us?” Karma asked, no greeting necessary.
I let out a soft laugh. “One of these days, you’re going to accidentally call Thomas that in front of Leta,” I said, instead of answering her about the camping trip. “Then what?”
“She’ll probably get to calling him that all the time,” she replied.
“Exactly my point, Karm,” I said.
“So, do you want to go camping or not?”
“I appreciate the offer but Sarah’s on vacation that week, so me and Kevin are dividing her inspections to help out,” I told her.
“Maybe you can talk to Thom-ass and Leta can come with us,” she suggested. “We’ll be gone Friday through Sunday, but it’s during his Friday through Sunday.”
Thomas and I had shared custody where we traded Leta off every Friday. Whoever had Leta would drop her off at school on Friday mornings, and the other parent would pick her up from school Friday afternoon. We’d been doing this for three years, and I still wasn’t used to it. I didn’t like having my child away from me for an entire week, even if she was already fifteen and called me during her weeks away.
“I’ll let her know she was invited,” I replied. “She can ask him.” Leta and Karma’s daughter, Jennifer, were close and often did things together. Karma and her husband, Vernon, had two kids, Jennifer being their youngest, and an older son, Tennison, who was a freshman at USC. Apart from her parents giving her a stripper name, Karma’s life was pretty perfect.
“Sweet,” she squealed like a teenager.
“Alright, I have to go,” I told her. “I want to catch up on some paperwork before Leta comes home tomorrow.” As always, Leta needed special…uh, handling whenever she came home from staying with Thomas.
“Okay,” Karma replied. “I’ll talk to you later.” I was about to hang up when she said, “Oh, but before I go, how’s the hunky fireman these days?”
I hung up on her.
Dropping my head back in a rather dramatic fashion, I knew I was going to have to get back out there one day soon. But it wouldn’t be with a guy damn near five years my senior, that’s for sure.
Chapter 2
Sayer~
What the hell was wrong with me?
I wasn’t a bad-looking guy. I did my best to keep in shape. I was friendly enough. And I even fought fires for a goddamn living. I had a heroic occupation where I saved lives and kittens stranded on tree branches.
My parents, Robert and Louise, were decent people who had raised us to be decent human beings. My father was a construction engineer, and my mother was a fulltime homemaker. And they had raised me and my brothers, Gideon and Nathan, without any hints of mental defects. Gideon had followed in my father’s footsteps and was a construction engineer, and Nathan played professional baseball. I came from a good family, damnit. Even my best friend and fellow firefighter, Kellen Everett, was a good dude.
So, why was I practically invisible to my next-door neighbor?
Okay.
Ego aside, her ex-husband’s hair was lighter than my own dark brown. The dude also had hazel eyes instead of light blue like mine. He was in his forties, so a few years more mature than I was. And he was a CPA; a nice, boring, dependable, successful CPA. He didn’t run into buildings engulfed in flames, placing the life of others before his own. And how did I know all this? A couple of weeks after I had moved into my house, he had been outside waiting to pick up their daughter for the week and he had walked over and had introduced himself as he’d been waiting. He had given me no details about his ex-wife and had been quite content with talking about himself only.
So, it was quite possible, maaaaaaaaaaaaaybe, that I just wasn’t her type. I was nothing like her ex-husband, but then that should be a plus since he was her ex, right?
And even though he hadn’t offered up any information regarding his ex-wife, our mutual neighbor, Kerry Florence, had been a wealth of information when I had moved into the neighborhood. She had given me the gossip on the couple who had owned my house before me, The Masons across from me, The Hendersons across from her, my sexy neighbor, Monroe Stewart, who was nestled between our two houses, and of course, Kerry Florence had made sure to let me know that she was a single florist who was surrounded by love all day, just waiting for her Prince Charming to come and sweep her off her feet.
It had been…awkward.
Especially, since I was more interested in the sexy divorcee with a teenage daughter and baggage in the form of a douchebag ex-husband than I was in a single florist who had no baggage.
Who knew?
But I’ve been living here for over two months already, and the woman hasn’t looked my way more than twice in all that time. She’s given me a quick wave and a couple of mumbled hellos, but nothing more than that. And it would totally suck if she were still hung up on her ex because I found myself really, really, really, really attracted to the woman.
She wasn’t very tall, but then I stood at six-foot-three, so that probably put her at around five-foot-three, or so. And from what I could tell from the distance, she had dark brown hair with these subtle whiskey-colored eyes. She mostly wore loose-fitting clothes when she was off work, but Jesus fucking Christ, the days I’d catch her coming from or going to work, she was dressed to the nines in sexy secretary office attire. And those slacks and pencil skirts she wore showcased curves for days.
I had a straight up stiff dick for my neighbor, and the woman couldn’t care less.
Now, it wasn’t that I didn’t date because I did. I was a healthy male with healthy male appetites. It was just that my job was demanding, and a lot of women couldn’t handle that. My parents had sent all us boys to college, and while Gideon and my father were partners with their own engineering firm, and Nathan was off breaking records in the MLB, I had gotten a Bachelor’s in arson investigation. However, I had found out, rather quickly, that desk work hadn’t been for me. I preferred the physicality of the job, rather than the paper pushing and all the bureaucratic nonsense that came with it.
Since graduating from college, I’d only had one serious girlfriend, and that record sucked in my opinion. I was thirty-five, and only one girl has tried to stick it out over these past ten years. And she had finally given up when she realized I was never going to end up with a nine-to-five. So, since Amy, I’ve been making do with casual dating, but even that was getting old. However, it was hard to find a woman who was confident enough in doing her own thing that she didn’t flip out if she didn’t get to see me for three days. All signs pointed to older women who had their shit together and weren’t interested in hovering or having enough boyfriend selfies for their social media.
I guess that’s why I was so obsessed with my neighbor. She checked off all my boxes, and then some. Between having a fulltime job and a teenage daughter, I seriously doubted she’d have time to feel slighted if I didn’t respond to a text fast enough.
And it wasn’t that I didn’t want to bother. It wasn’t like that at all. But being a firefighter was not all calendar photo shoots and false alarms. Though rewarding, our shifts were brutal. The bonds and camaraderie were solid, but the risks were real. And like any other profession where the man next to you made the difference in whether you’d see tomorrow or not, it was a brotherhood. And believe it or not, some women got jealous over that kind of bond shared with somebody else. I gave my all to my job and I just wanted a woman who could understand that, rather than resent it.
And while children have never been a must for me, I still wanted a partner I could come home to every night and just love on. If she gave me children, great. If she didn’t, great. Children weren’t a deal breaker for me, one way or the other. I really just wanted a sense of family. And if that family consisted of only me and my partner, well, that was still a family. If it consisted of me, my partner, and twenty kids, that was still a family. And that’s all I really wanted. The feeling of belonging to something bigger than I was.
My phone rang-too early in the day, in my opinion-jerking me out of my obsessive thoughts about my sexy neighbor. “Hey. What’s up?”
“If Mom calls me one more time to tell me how it’s so nice to have at least one son to talk to, I’m going to drive over to your house, and then to whatever city Nathan’s in, and kick your guys’ fucking asses,” Gideon snapped into phone. “Call your goddamn mother!” He hung up before I could tell him Mom was playing him because I just talked to her yesterday. I also knew for a fact that Nathan always called her before and after a series.
But before I could decide on whether to call him back or not, my phone rang again. I answered it still wondering what Mom was playing at. “Hey.”
“Hey,” Kellan’s voice greeted over the line. “Some of us are headed to Choker’s tonight before we hit our stride tomorrow.” Firehouse shifts varied from city to city or county to county, and in Silias County we were required to work three on, three off, four on, three off, and they were twelve-hour shifts. The family men made the effort to make it home each night after their shifts, but most of us just slept at the firehouse while we were on. It was more convenient that way.
“I don’t know, Kel,” I said, not really feeling the social vibe. “I’d rather hang out at the end of our stride than right before it.”
“Oh, come on,” he cajoled. “You’re talking like an old man.” Kellan was a year older than I was. “Besides, Daria’s going.”
“If that was supposed to be an incentive, it’s not, Kel,” I replied dryly.
“Dude. Sayer, man,” he kept on. “The girl is hot.”
I scoffed. “And she knows it,” I said. “Kellan, man, she likes the attention a little too much.”
He chuckled over the phone. “You don’t gotta marry the girl, Sayer.”
“She’s also the firehouse administrative assistant, Kellan.” I shook my head, even though he couldn’t see me. “No way am I shitting where I eat.”
“Dude, you’re going to die a virgin.”
“Eat a dick.” Kellen knew very well that I wasn’t a virgin. We’d known each other for the entire eight years that I’ve been a firefighter for Silias County. We’ve partied together often in the past.
“The sexy neighbor still not giving it up?”
I groaned.
One stupid, stupid, stupid drunken night, I had confessed my obsession to my best friend, and he’s been giving me shit about it ever since. And while he was, indeed, my best friend, some things were still sacred.
Monroe Stewart was one of those things.
But I still told him the truth. “She still looks right through me. Thanks for asking.”
Kellen laughed. “Don’t give up,” he said encouragingly. “As long as her ex-husband is the only guy knocking at her doorstep, there’s still hope.”
He had a point. “That’s true.”
“Unless, of course, she’s going to her new dude’s house,” he added. “Then-”
I hung up on him.
No way was I going to listen to that negativity.
Chapter 3
Monroe~
Why, Lord?
Seriously, why?
Working for the county, I was familiar with all sorts of city codes and ordinances. As a building inspector, you had to know what you were talking about when you were laying down the law, because more often than not, the building owners tried their best to get over on you.
And even if that weren’t the case, I got a city water bill every month just like everyone else, and with it came a friendly reminder of when your sanctioned watering days were.
Thursday was not ours.
We were allowed to water our grass, wash our cars, and have wet t-shirt contests on Sundays and Wednesdays only. Granted, our neighborhood has yet to have a wet t-shirt contest, but I wasn’t opposed to one. Well, as long as the children were in school and it was adults only. And not that I’d participate in such a thing, but I was all about girl power. I say if you got it, fault it. Just…flaunt it accordingly.
So, pulling into my driveway, I was doing all I could not to wreck into everything around me as my neighbor, Sayer Hayes, was in his driveway washing his car.
Shirtless.
The city employee in me wanted to lecture him about watering on an off day, but the woman in me wanted him to take that hose and hold it over his head as the water sluiced down all those hills and valleys that made up a six-pack and Adonis belt.
Lord, have mercy on ovaries everywhere.
I mean, I understood he worked weird hours and had to do what he had to do when he could do it, but I wasn’t sure how much more of this I could take before I crossed our property lines and mounted the poor man.
I needed to go out on a date with a real person, and soon.
The car in park (when I really should have just driven into the garage, so I could avoid him completely) I took a calming breath to hide the fact that I was a sex-deprived lunatic, grabbed my purse and briefcase, and opened the car door to get out.
Maybe we could move closer to Karma and her family. That’d be nice, right?
But before I could give anymore thought to selling my house, kicking one of Karma’s neighbors out and taking over their forever home, Sayer Hayes’ voice hit my ears. “Hey, Monroe. How are you?”
I’d rather bash my briefcase over my head than turn around to face him, but I was sure that’d raise some eyebrows, and I didn’t want to be labeled as the crazy neighbor. Divorced neighbor? Sure. Mom neighbor? Okay. Lonely neighbor? Well, that’s okay, too. But crazy? Nah, not a fan.
So, I turned around to face him and get this torture over with. Do. Not. Look. Down. At. Those. Abs. “Hi, Sayer,” I muttered like a fool. “Ho…how are you?”
He smiled, and the no-good-cock-sucking-sonofabitch had dimples.
But I supposed, to be fair, he couldn’t be no good because the man fought fires for a living. And I didn’t think he sucked cocked, but even if he did, who was I to judge? I had sucked Thomas’ cock a million times over during our marriage. And I’d never met Sayer’s mother, so it wasn’t fair to call her a bitch. I was fairly certain she was a very lovely lady, indeed.
God, I needed my head examined.
“I’m doing well,” he replied. “Just trying to get some chores in before my shift tomorrow.”
My lips curled in and I nodded like an idiot. “Yeah…well…your water bill will probably be sky-high…because…you know…”
Kill.
Me.
Now.
“Well, hello there, neighbors.”
We both turned to see Kerry standing at the end of our driveways. She was dressed like she’d been out jogging, but she looked too fabulous with her hair still in place and her makeup tutorial worthy. She probably saw Sayer washing his car and needed an excuse to ogle the man. And while the thought might seem catty, but it really wasn’t. If I had the confidence Kerry had, I’d be pretend dressed in spandex, too. I mean, just look at the man.
He was volcano-lava-erupting hot.
“Hi, Kerry,” I greeted back.
“Hi, Kerry,” Sayer echoed.
She made her way up the driveway-his-and I totally planned to use that as my escape. “What are you guys about?”
I smiled at her. “Yeah, uh…we were just discussing Sayer’s water bill,” I word vomited, and even Kerry looked perplexed.
“Oh,” she mumbled.
I looked back at Sayer, and he had his head cocked and looking at me like I must have a bathroom cabinet full of prescriptions.
I grinned.
At least, I hoped it looked like a grin.
“Conserve the water,” I announced like a goddamn lunatic. “Save the planet.” Then I turned around and practically ran around the hood of my car to my walkway and up the front porch. I couldn’t get the lock opened fast enough, but once I had, I raced inside for cover.
Once I was safely inside my house, my purse and briefcase dropped to the floor just inside the doorway and I slid down against the front door until my ass hit the floor.
Save the planet?
Really??
I reached over and pulled my phone out of my purse. I dialed Karma, and I thanked God that she answered and wasn’t busy doing mother/wife stuff.
“What’s up?”
“My neighbor was outside washing his car with his shirt off, and when our neighbor Kerry came over to join in on the conversation, I told them to make sure they conserve water to save the planet,” I confessed like a loser. There was a pause of utter disbelief before I had to pull the phone away from my ear because Karma’s laughs had gotten so loud.
What an asshole.
“Karma!”
“Oh, God,” she rushed out. “Oh, God…Mon…”
“Quit laughing, damnit! This is serious!” I screeched. “Now I’m going to have to sell my house and move away!”
She got herself under control long enough to ask, “What did he say?”
“Nothing,” I grumbled. “I practically ran inside before he or Kerry could say anything.”
“Sweet Jesus, Monroe,” she laughed, though her cackles had simmered down a bit.
“It’s not funny, Karma,” I insisted. “The guy turns me into a bumbling idiot.”
“Awe, Mon,” she said warmly, “why don’t you just ask him out already?”
“Are you insane?” I choked out. “Talk about out of my league.”
“Stop it,” she scolded. “You are beautiful, Monroe. Even if that snatch napkin couldn’t see it, you are. That sexy neighbor of yours should count his lucky stars that he makes you a bumbling idiot.”
“Even if he did find me attractive, Karm, I doubt my looks are good enough to offset my crazy,” I told her, mentally reliving my idiocy earlier. “No one wants to date someone who’s crazy.”
“But you’re not crazy, babe,” she corrected. “He just makes you act crazy.”
“Not to mention, the guy is thirty-five, Karma. I’m about to hit forty,” I pointed out.
“Last I checked, thirty-five was way above the legal consent age. And by all accounts, it seems as if he’s doing all the things that grown men do, Monroe,” she replied, not bothering to hide her sarcasm at all. “You know, like hold down a job, buy a home, purchase condoms legally.”
“You’re not helping,” I remarked.
“I’m not helping you hide,” she clarified. “But I am trying to help you get laid.”
“I don’t need help getting laid,” I denied. “I need help selling my house, so I can move.”
Karma let out a deep sigh. “That’s it,” she said, invoking her mom voice. “When we get back from camping, we’re going out and we’re getting you laid.” An automatic denial was ready on my lips, but…
I really, really, really wanted to have sex with something that didn’t require batteries.
But could I?
When it came down to it, could I have a one-night stand? I didn’t judge people who did, but I’d always been in a committed relationship when sex was involved. Could I let go of my inhibitions like that?
“Well see,” I hedged because there was only one real way to find out, right?
Chapter 4
Sayer~
Why, Lord?
Seriously, why?
I worked hard for my money, and while I did enjoy splurging from time-to-time, it didn’t excite me to have to pay an astronomical water bill every month because the sight of me washing my car without a shirt on did nothing to entice my neighbor.
Or rather, the neighbor that I wanted to entice.
After Monroe had escaped to the safe confines of her home, that had left me chatting it up with Kerry. And while I liked the woman well enough, I knew she wanted more with me, and I just wasn’t interested. Plus, I was so determined to have Monroe, I limited the amount of time I spent socializing with Kerry because I didn’t want there to be any hint of gossip where she and I were concerned. And I certainly didn’t want to lead her on or give her any false hope.
“Well, that was odd,” Kerry remarked. “But then I supposed working as hard as she does and trying to raise a teenage girl would make anyone have strange days, every now and again.”
I didn’t want to gossip about Monroe, but Kerry wasn’t exactly gossiping about her or being mean. She was just remarking on Monroe’s quirky personality. “We all have tough days,” I agreed.
Kerry leaned forward enough to make me lean back and get back to fake washing my car, but that didn’t deter her. “You know, next month is our annual neighborhood barbecue to kick off the summer,” she said. “It would be great if you could join.”
I twisted the nozzle on the water hose to, you know, conserve water and save the planet, while we spoke. “Thanks for the invite,” I replied. “Summer’s kind of hard for us, though. With all the fires that pop off during the hot months, we’re usually pretty busy. Even if it falls on my days off, we’re always on call during the summer.”
“That’s a shame,” she hummed. “It would have been a nice way for you to meet everyone.”
“Well, I’ll see what I can do,” I told her. “No promises, though.”
She grinned, pleased with herself, but then she giggled a bit. “Don’t say anything, but I’m actually going to invite a distributor I work with to the barbecue.” Oh, that’s nice. She’s finally got a man. “I think he’d be perfect for Monroe.” What?! “He’s forty-five with these beautiful bedroom eyes,” she went on. “He owns his own brand manufacturing business, and he’s single.”
“When’s the barbecue, exactly?” No fucking way was I not going to be there.
“June twelfth,” she supplied. “We always strive for the week after graduations.”
I quickly counted the days in my head. Having a rotating schedule the way we did, we all pretty much knew our days off in advance. It was the only way to plan a life around what we did. And after my rapid mind count, I knew I was going to have that Saturday off.
Thank you, Jesus.
“You know, I think I might have that day off,” I said, then quickly realized she might think I was going for her. “You’re right that I should probably use this opportunity to meet all the other neighbors.”
“Well, it’s always a good time,” she replied. “Hopefully, we’ll get to see you.”
I smiled. “Hopefully.” Hell yeah, you’re going to see me. If I haven’t sewn up Monroe by then, there’s no way some desperate, loser asshole was going to be rubbing up against Monroe.
But I supposed, to be fair, he probably wasn’t desperate just because he was single. And he couldn’t be much of a loser if he owned his own business. And even if he was just a hard-working stiff, he’d be far from a loser. And granted, I didn’t know the guy, so it was possible he was a decent guy and not a total asshole. He might be cool as hell.
Fuck, Monroe was making me crazy.
But before I could ask Kerry if she knew of a reputable psychiatrist, my phone started ringing. Because I had been playing with water, I had set it over on the porch railing, but I had made sure the ringer was on high, so I could hear it.
I jerked my head towards the porch. “I probably need to get that,” I told her.
Her face registered with a bit of disappointment. “Oh,” she mumbled. “Sure.”
“I’ll talk to you later,” I said before turning from her and heading to my porch. I grabbed the phone and walked over to the faucet to turn off the water hose altogether.
I glanced at the name flashing across the screen, I slid the icon over and answered. “Shouldn’t you be at practice or making stadiums go crazy or something?”
“You would think,” Nathan replied. “But nothing is more important than my mother’s happiness.”
I laughed. “Gideon?”
“Yeah,” he chuckled. “What’s up with that? I just talked to Mom when we landed in Chicago two days ago.”
“Mother’s Day is in a couple of weeks,” I said. “Maybe he’s feeling the pressure because we’ll both be working.”
“And maybe she’s laying it on thick because she knows we’ll both be working,” he replied, and I let out a small snicker. Both my parents knew our work schedules as well as we did. Mine was an ongoing repeat of rotating days and Gideon’s was a routine Monday through Friday. And the second that Nathan got his team’s season schedule that thing was emailed to my mother before most wives of his teammates got their copies.
Mom didn’t fuck around when it came to her sons.
“Yeah, well, he called me earlier and threatened to kick my ass if I didn’t call her,” I told him. “Nate, I just talked to her yesterday.”
“Yeah?” he snorted. “Well, if I ever come up missing, the dumbass left a voicemail detailing how my body will never be found if I don’t call Mom. It was aggressive, and quite frankly, uncalled-for. If he’s going to murder me, it should be for something more dire that not calling Mom. Especially, when I did call her.”
“She’s going to get Gid sent to prison for no good reason with her nonsense,” I remarked.
“Right?” Nathan agreed. “And the poor bastard doesn’t even realize he’s getting played.”
“She’s a diabolical one, for sure,” I muttered.
“So, have you called her yet?” he asked.
“I did,” I admitted. “About a couple of hours ago. And I’m warning you now, Nate, she was on her Dad-works-too-hard kick.”
My mother was bored. Plain and simple, she was bored as fuck. Dad had been able to provide well for her and us over the years, and so she’s always been a stay-at-home mother, wife, and homemaker. When Nathan had finally graduated from college ten years ago, she had gotten a bad case of empty nest syndrome. I think having her baby traveling all over the country and unavailable at times had really hit her hard. She might go a few days without seeing me, but we could talk on the phone more than she could with Nate. She went months without seeing Nathan in person, and that fucked with her. Gideon was the most accessible to her, and I think that’s why he got the brunt of her smother-mothering.
Nathan groaned. “How many times do we have to tell her that he works because he wants to,” he grumbled. “The house and cars are paid for, and retirement is plenty for their basic household costs. Dad’s working because he still wants to.”
“Choir here,” I replied.
“Yeah, well, the woman needs to take that shit up with her husband. We have no say in that,” he kept complaining. “Jesus. Could you imagine one of us trying to tell Dad what to do with his life? He’d skin you alive.”
“Me? Why me?”
“He needs Gideon to keep their business going, and I’m worth millions and loved by a nation,” he replied. “You might fight fires and save lives, but you’re clearly the more dispensable out of all of us.”
“I’m the firstborn,” I reminded him. “That makes me more important than the two of you combined.”
“And as the firstborn, it is your duty to sacrifice yourself for your younger siblings,” he fired back. “Isn’t it your duty to serve and protect?”
“Those are cops, asshole.”
“My point is still valid.” But before I could call him an asshole again, he said, “I gotta go. I don’t have much time, and I gotta call Mom. Again.”
“Yeah. Gideon flying to Chicago to kick your ass is just a disaster waiting to happen,” I replied.
“Well, we wouldn’t be in this situation if you’d hurry your ass up and give Mom some goddamn grandchildren,” he said, continuing to blame me for Gideon’s and Mom’s crazy. “Hurry up and ask your sexy neighbor out and save us all.” Yeah. My brothers knew about my obsession because…well, they were my brothers.
“I’m working on it,” I lied.
“Work harder, Sayer,” he demanded. “An instant granddaughter is just what we need to get her off our backs.”
He wasn’t wrong.
Chapter 5
Monroe~
Talk about crap they didn’t teach you in school to prepare for.
Ugh.
“He’s such a jerk!”
I was in the kitchen when that declaration vibrated throughout the house and the front door slammed closed. And because I could hear the pitter-patter of pissed off feet already marching through the house and getting closer to the kitchen, I knew I didn’t have enough time to down a shot of tequila before taking on my very upset teenage daughter.
Fridays were rough in this household.
As soon as Leta’s angry face met my eyes, I asked the stupidest question on earth at this moment. “Are you okay?” The hazel eyes that she got from her father narrowed, and I wondered if I could bribe my parents, Ernest and Jillian Stewart, with monetary pay outs for the next three years to come stay with Leta while I hid in a hotel room.
In Idaho.
My father was a retired police officer, and my mother was a retired elementary school teacher. If anyone could handle a temperamental teenage girl, it was them. Mom had the soothing patience that could only come from being a teacher of littles everywhere, and I was pretty sure Dad was still legally able to handcuff Leta and lock her away in a closet if Mom’s soothing patience didn’t work.
Besides, I wasn’t equipped for these emotional waves. When Thomas and I had agreed to get pregnant and raise a child, it had been with the understanding that we’d be getting through these rough teenage years together. I’d never expected to get hoodwinked by the jackass right before those rough teenage years were about to become a reality. Granted, I had never expected to get hoodwinked at all, but here we were.
And as much as I had tried to separate Thomas-the lousy husband from Thomas-the good father, Leta was clearly still lumping the two together.
“What happened this time?” I asked as she dropped her purse and backpack on the floor between two of the counter barstools. Leta had a second wardrobe and essentials at Thomas’, and so all she needed to ever carry back and forth were her purse and school backpack.
She took a seat, and you would have thought she was sitting down to a police interrogation with how violently she had plopped her butt down on the stool. “He’s awful, Mom.”
Now, normally, I’d pick Leta up from school on my Fridays, or she’d take the bus if I was working late, but Thomas had sent me a text yesterday, asking me if it was okay for him to pick up Leta from school today and drop her off, and I had texted back that I was fine with that. Like I said, I tried to separate the husband who had left me from the father who loved his daughter. And because Leta was old enough to voice her objections and share her points of view, I hadn’t asked Thomas why he had wanted to pick her up. That was between him and her.
“His latest screw is a teacher at Granger High,” she announced. “And he felt I should meet her.”
Goddamn it.
“Honey-”
“When I got to where he usually parks, Ms. Leal was standing with him, and he actually thought school was a good time and place to make introductions.”
“Okay,” I started, and did my best to soften my tone because I knew she was upset, and it was completely understandable this time. Thomas should not have blindsided her at school in front of her friends. “The first thing we’re going to do is watch the language, Leta. No matter how you feel about your father, Ms. Leal does not deserve to be referred to as his ‘latest screw’. Unless you know something about her that I don’t, show some respect.”
“Sorry,” she mumbled.
“Second, this is hardly the first woman you’ve met that your dad has dated,” I pointed out. “Was it that he introduced you at school that has you so upset?”
“Mostly,” she replied. “But…”
My brows shot up. “But, what?”
“Well, I was less than…enthused to meet her, and I didn’t try to hide it,” she admitted. But then she’s never pretended with any of the women Thomas has brought around her.
“That’s hardly a surprise, Leta,” I told her.
“Well, I guess Dad really likes her, or else he’s had enough, because he got nasty on the way home,” she said, her voice low and hurt.
I counted to ten because if I found out that Thomas mistreated her, I was going to kill the bastard, and Dad’s retired cop status was not going to help one bit. “How?” I asked.
Her eyes looked sad and angry and just so damn troubled. She also looked so much like her father, with her light brown hair and hazel eyes, it was hard to remember how much I disliked the man. “He started saying that it’s not his fault you’re not over him, and I can’t keep punishing him for that.”
My eyes almost bugged out of my head. “What?”
Leta shrugged. “He was trying to blame you for my bad attitude.”
I stood there, stunned. It never occurred to me that Thomas would think I was still hung up on him. Worse? It never occurred to me that Leta might think that, too. “Is that what you think?” I asked, “Do you think I’m still hung up on your father?”
She scoffed, and I laughed. “Puhlease,” she drawled out. “He’s not that hard to get over.”
“Leta!” I choked out a mortified laugh. “Do not talk about your father like that.”
“Why not? It’s true,” she argued. “He’s awful, Mom.”
I let out a deep, deep breath. “Leta, he’s your father,” I reminded her. “And he’s always been a good one.”
She cocked her head at me. “See, that’s debatable,” she replied. “A good father doesn’t tear apart his child’s family. He doesn’t destroy his child’s home because he’s having a goddamn mid-life crisis, Mom.”
“Leta, we don’t know if that’s-”
“Oh, c’mon, Mom,” she interrupted. “Of course, that’s what it was. He made no attempt at counseling or any spiritual guidance or just basic damn communication. He made no efforts to save his marriage or to see if he was just being an asshole.”
“Leta, that’s enough of calling your father names,” I insisted. I was willing to let her vent her tangled teenage emotions, but I drew the line at cruelty or disrespecting her father just to be mean.
She knew I was serious, so she simmered down. “I just didn’t like meeting his latest sc-female friend the way I did. And I didn’t appreciate the comments he made about you. That’s all,” she mumbled.
“Leta, honey,” I said, softening my tone, “sooner or later, you’re going to have to let go of all this anger. He’s your father, and that grudge you’re holding isn’t going to change that. If you want to be angry at him because he broke up our family, okay. That’s valid. But don’t be angry at him for everything else under the sun.”
She looked like she wanted to say something, but this was an old debate. Leta was angry, and she was holding onto her grudge with a vengeance. “Can we talk about this later?” she asked. “I just want to shower and relax before dinner.” I decided to give her a reprieve. I nodded, and then she grabbed her stuff and headed to her room.
Goddamn Thomas.
Before I could cuss him out more in my mind, my phone rang. I pulled it out and saw that it was my co-worker, Sarah. “Hey, Sarah.”
“Hey, Monroe,” she greeted back. “Do you have a minute?”
“Sure,” I replied. “Are you about ready for your vacation?”
“Ugh,” she sighed dramatically. “That’s why I was calling.”
“Okay. What’s up?”
“I’m super swamped, and I was hoping you and Kevin could help me out this week before I take off,” she grimaced, but here’s the thing about Sarah; Sarah was a helper. She was the co-worker who brought cookies, remembered birthdays, sent soup to your sick mother, helped with school fundraisers, etc. To say no to Sarah would be like securing your seat in the Seventh Circle of Hell.
No, thank you, Satan.
“Whatever you need, Sarah,” I said, and I meant it. She was truly a phenomenal human being.
“Oh, thank God,” she rushed out. “So, Kevin was kind enough to take on three of my assignments, so that leaves the Public Works substation and Firehouse Station No.17.”
“Firehouse Station No. 17?” I squeaked out.
“Yeah, it’s one of the county firehouses,” she replied. “It’s their surprise annual.”
I searched my brain for some of that random information I knew, and there was a one in six chance that Sayer worked for Firehouse Station No. 17.
Not bad odds, right?
Chapter 6
Sayer~
Talk about crap they didn’t teach you in school to prepare for.
It was Thursday afternoon, and even though we’d been prepared for our annual county building inspection for weeks, I hadn’t been prepared for when Monroe Stewart walked out of the administration office with Daria.
Her dark brown hair was piled on top of her head in one of those buns that looked messy, but you actually had to work at to make it look like that. Her face was fresh with just a hint of makeup that ensured that you’d wake up to the same face you fell asleep to if you were lucky enough to get her in your bed. She had a simple button-up white blouse paired with a grey pencil skirt and heels that clicked-clacked on the concrete floor. And I wanted to fuck her on one of the firetruck ladders until she screamed my name, and we started our own stage-five fire.
I was so not equipped to deal with this kind of frustration. As a healthy red-blooded male, I should be squeezed in between a hot set of thighs at least four times a week. Preferably, Monroe’s hot set of thighs. Instead, I was yanking my dick on my days off like a horny teenager.
Before I could weigh the pros and cons of fucking her on a firetruck ladder, Kellen’s voice was in my ear, irritating the hell out of me. “Jesus Christ, who’s that?” he asked, his appreciation for Monroe obvious in his voice.
“Don’t make me fucking kill you,” I growled, my eyes still glued to where Monroe and Daria were talking.
“For what?” he asked incredulously.
“That’s her,” I told him, knowing I had to. “That’s my neighbor.”
“Are you serious?” He was gawking every bit as much as I was. “Did you finally make a move? Is she here to see you?”
I shook my head. “No,” I admitted. “I have no idea what she’s doing here.”
Kellen let out a low whistle. “Dude, if you don’t ask her out, I will,” he threatened. “She’s fucking smokin’.”
I looked over at my best friend. “I will kill you if you go anywhere near her,” I warned. “She’s mine.” Okay. Not entirely true, but true enough.
He snorted. “Not if she’s not in your bed every night, loser,” he fired back, but before I could bash his head into the nearest fire pole, Daria and Monroe made their way over.
“Oh, Kellen, Sayer, I’d like you to meet the county building inspector,” Daria said. “This is Monroe Stewart. Sarah’s on vacation or something.”
Kellen reached his hand out to take Monroe’s hand in his and I almost snatched it back and beat him in the head with it. “Ms. Stewart,” he greeted. “It’s nice to meet you.”
Monroe shook his hand. “It’s to meet you, too, Mr…?”
Kellen flashed her a smile, and though he looked nonthreatening with his blonde hair and keen brown eyes, I really was about to bash his head in. “Everett,” he supplied. “But you may call me Kellen.” Monroe smiled at him, and that was my limit.
“Hey, Monroe,” I said, never mind a circle and just pissing all over her from head to toe.
“Hi, Sayer,” she mumbled, a far cry from the smile she had given Kellen. “I…I didn’t know you worked here.” And I didn’t know she was a county inspector of sorts.
“Yeah, I-”
“You two know each other?” Daria asked, and even though I knew it was a perfectly reasonable question, it bothered me because Daria’s been trying to ride my dick ever since she started working here. And it didn’t matter that she’s already slept with a couple of the guys here, she still dialed her flirt on high whenever I was on shift.
“We…we’re neighbors,” Monroe answered, and I hated that she had labeled us neighbors and not even friends.
“Oh,” she exclaimed. “That makes more sense.”
“More sense than what?” I asked coolly. I knew exactly what she was meaning, and I didn’t like it.
“Uh, the…inspection,” Kellen said, trying to defuse my irritation. “Is there anything you need from us?”
Daria threw out a fake laugh, trying to mask the awkwardness. “Hardly,” she replied. “I seriously doubt she’s going to fail us with Sayer being her neighbor, and all.”
I had to grit my teeth at how unbelievably stupid and catty Daria was behaving. “I’m sorry, what?”
“Uh…you know, I think I better call another building inspec-”
“What? No,” I rushed out, looking at Monroe. “What are you talking about?”
“Yeah,” Kellen said, trying to help. “It was just a joke, I’m sure. No one was questioning your integrity, Ms. Stewart.”
Monroe started gnawing on her bottom lip, and she no longer looked like the confident government worker she had looked like just minutes earlier. She shook her head and grimaced a bit. “Be that as it may, it’s best if someone else handles this inspection.” Her eyes shot my way for a quick second before returning those chocolate orbs back Kellen’s way. “We can’t chance any…possible misrepresentation of this…uh, situation.” She tightened her clipboard to her chest as she dug her phone out of her purse. “Excuse me, please.” I stood there like a chump as Monroe made her way towards the garage man-door, but that lasted all of five seconds.
“What in the hell is your problem, Daria?” I hissed. “She’s a goddamn county building inspector, and you’re treating her like some gossip girl sorority sister.”
“Sayer-”
I turned towards Kellen. “What, man?” I asked, and he knew I was pissed, and more importantly, why.
“Jesus, Sayer,” Daria huffed. “It was just a joke. I didn’t know your neighbor was so sensitive.”
“Really?” I barked. “And what exactly did you mean when you said that us being neighbors made more sense, Daria?”
A sneer appeared on her pretty face, but it was gone in an instant. “Well, since she looks to be a bit older, it makes sense that you two are neighbors and…nothing more.”
Daria was an attractive woman. She had fiery red hair that was more dark auburn than that awful orange. She had bright green eyes, a delicate doll-like face, and a body she paid good money for. She was smart, organized, and did a hell of a job for us. Other than letting her petty jealousy get the best of her today, she’s always done a good job here.
But she did nothing for me.
And if she just cost me any chance with Monroe, I might seriously have to consider transferring out to another firehouse, lest I strangle her.
I leaned in close, so that she couldn’t misunderstand what I was about to tell her. “Listen carefully, Daria,” I seethed. “Monroe is not only my neighbor, but she’s a good person. She did not deserve to have her integrity and character questioned, even if it was in a jokingly manner.” Daria bristled, and it was all I could do not to call her a petty bitch to her face. I didn’t care how attractive the outside package was; if you were ugly on the inside, you were ugly on the outside.
“It was just a joke, Sayer,” she repeated. “And I didn’t mean to embarrass her, but we all know you’d never fuck her, so of course, you’d just be neighbors.”
She deliberately used the word ‘fuck’ to dirty up whatever she suspected there might be between me and Monroe, and that’s when I threw the gloves off. “Let me make one thing very clear, Daria,” I snarled. “Whether being just neighbors, or whether I was fucking Monroe every goddamn night of the week, it’s none of your business.” Her eyes narrowed, and this was all pure jealousy. “Now, do your goddamn job and stay out of my personal life.” With that, I took off after Monroe.
When I exited the station’s man-door, I saw Monroe on her phone, pacing by her car. I walked up to her, and when she saw me, she put her finger up to put me on pause. It was killing me, but I waited patiently like a good boy.
She hung up a couple of seconds later and faced me. “I’m going to trade some accounts with Kevin, so he can do the inspection later today or tomorrow,” she said.
“Monroe, that’s not necess-”
“Sayer, I need my job,” she said. “It supports me and Leta. I can’t risk that for…even if it was a joke, I can’t…”
Christ, I was pissed.
“Monroe-”
“Uh…tell Kellen it was nice to meet him,” she mumbled. “I…I’m sorry about your girlfr-”
“Daria is not my girlfriend,” I snapped, and her wounded brown eyes widened. “Shit. Monroe-”
She shook her head. “I…I gotta go.” And with that, she got in her car and drove off.
Well, fuck.
Chapter 7
Monroe~
I knew I couldn’t hide from him forever.
I knew this.
However, I’ve been exercising some serious ninja skills lately, and I have been successfully avoiding Sayer Hayes for days now. It’s been almost a week since that embarrassing debacle at the firehouse, but I knew I couldn’t keep this up forever.
More’s the pity.
I kept telling myself that it was all because I had been blindsided by Sayer working there, but it had been the woman, Daria, who had really flustered me. First, with her insinuation that, of course, I could be nothing but Sayer’s neighbor, embarrassing the hell out of me. And then that I’d actually pass them based on my relationship with Sayer. When Kevin had agreed to trade me accounts, I couldn’t get out of there fast enough.
And now, it was Wednesday, and I was so happy Karma had gotten her weekends mixed up and Leta was, indeed, going camping with them this weekend because then I could drink my shame away for two straight days.
Because I really needed a drink.
It was Wednesday, and just changing out of my work clothes and getting ready to relax, if I hadn’t truly believed it before that I needed a drink, I believed it now as I opened my front door to my ex-husband, who appeared to be angry as hell.
Flippin’ great.
“What are you doing here, Thomas?” I asked, blurting the first thing that popped in my head. “And where’s Leta?”
He jerked his head towards the inside of my house. “Can we talk inside?”
What?
Was the man nuts?
This was my house. This place was my sanctuary. This place was my Thomas-free humble abode. This was my home.
Hell to the no, he couldn’t come in.
“No,” I told him. “There’s no reason for you to need to come in.”
He planted his hands on his hips. “We need to talk, Monroe.”
“About what?”
“Leta,” he replied, causing my stomach to dip.
“What about her? Is she okay? Where is-”
“Calm down, Monroe,” he said, his voice a bit snappish. “Leta’s fine. She’s with her friend, Elise.”
I took a deep breath, thankful that my child was okay. “Then what is this, Thomas?”
“I’m here to talk about Leta’s attitude,” he said. “I’m getting tired of her bullshit, Monroe.”
I stood there and stared.
Shocked.
Annoyed.
But more shocked than annoyed.
“I’m not following,” I finally told him. “She’s fine when she’s with me.” I knew what this was about, but I wasn’t about to let him dump his issues with his daughter in my lap to fix.
“Last night, Susie told me she thought it would be best if we stopped seeing each other because she couldn’t stand for Leta’s disrespect any longer.” He lifted his chin as if I were supposed to care about this latest development.
Newsflash: I didn’t.
“You’re here because your latest girlfriend broke up with you and it’s Leta’s fault?” I asked, still skating on the surface of shocked. “Are you serious?”
His jaw ticked and I knew I had just pissed him off more. “This isn’t a joke, Monroe,” he snapped louder than I would have appreciated. “Her attitude is out of control.”
I cocked my head. “Her attitude towards you is out of control, Thomas,” I corrected. “When she’s here or at school, she’s fine.” He bristled, but who cared? I certainly didn’t. “So, since she only appears to have problem when she’s with you, I’d say that your issues with Leta are between you and her. Your relationship with your daughter is for you to work on. Not me.”
“Oh, yeah?” he practically yelled. “And how am I supposed to do that when you keep her stuck in the fucking past, Monroe?”
My eyes bugged. “What?” I damn near screeched. “What in the hell are you talking about?”
“I’m talking about how you refuse to move on!” He did yell this time. “You’re so stuck in the past, still living in a marriage that is long over, and you have Leta living there with you.”
What?!
This mother-
“If you would just go out and start getting laid, instead of still being hung up on me, maybe Leta wouldn’t resent me so much for dating other women,” he ranted, making me want to stab him in the face. “But because you insist on playing the pathetic martyr, Leta feels sorry for you and is punishing me for it.”
He took a step closer to me. “It needs to fucking stop.”
I was not going to let Thomas intimidate me. And yeah, this conversation should probably not be had on my front porch but fuck him.
Fuck. Him.
I stepped up, forcing him to have to take a couple of steps back. “Look, I don’t know where you got the idea that I’m still pining over you, but let me assure you, Thomas, I am not,” I snapped. “I haven’t cried over you since well before the divorce papers had even been signed. I am not living in the past. And I sure as hell am not living there over you.”
“Yeah? Then when was the last time you went on a date?” he challenged.
“You righteous bastard,” I spewed. Yeah, calling him names was probably not the way to go, but how dare he. Seriously? How. Fucking. Dare. He. “I spent that first year, after our divorce, getting my life in order with a new job, new finances, a new home, and helping Leta cope. The second year, after our divorce, I spent that concentrating on my career and still helping Leta cope with her new normal.” I could seriously feel my blood pressure spiking. “And as for this past year, I’ve been spending it being happy, you jackass. Getting laid on the regular might be what defines your new life, but mine is centered more around my daughter, my job, my friends, and what makes me happy.”
“Well, obviously that’s not good enough since Leta is still unhappy,” he fired back.
“Leta’s unhappy with you, Thomas. You,” I corrected. “You broke up her family, and contrary to your earlier beliefs, she’s not getting over it like you had hoped she would.” I shook my head. “Your mistakes with your daughter are not my responsibility to clean up.” I wasn’t going to do this with him. “Just leave, Thomas,” I said. “Figure out a way to fix things with Leta without blaming me for your problems.”
“You are to blame, Monroe,” he spat unreasonably.
“You know what-”
“Is there a problem here?” Both our heads turned, and I wanted the ground to swallow me up when I saw Sayer Hayes, the man I’ve been trying to avoid for days, standing in my driveway. I’d been so caught up in my fight with Thomas, I hadn’t even noticed him walking up.
“Nothing that I would consider your business,” Thomas snapped. “This is a private conversation.”
Sayer cocked his head and narrowed those sexy blue eyes of his. “See, normally, I’d agree,” he replied. “But I’d say you forfeited on privacy the second you decided to have this conversation on the porch and not inside the house.”
Thomas turned his entire body to face him. “That still doesn’t make this any of your business,” he pointed out. “It simply makes it entertainment.”
And then Sayer Hayes did something I’ll probably slit my wrists over later.
He smirked, walked through the grass and onto the walkway, pushed past Thomas, and then came to stand next to me on my porch. And my heart almost escaped out of my chest when he said, “That’s where you’re wrong, Ex-husband. Anything that has to do with Monroe is my business.”
Thomas was quick to sneer, but then his eyes rounded a bit when realization dawned. “Excuse me?” he hissed.
Right?!
I stood there in utter disbelief as Sayer Hayes lied through his teeth at my ex-husband. “Monroe’s mine,” he announced like his pants weren’t going to catch on fire for lying. And he was a firefighter, for Christ’s sake. “So, I’d say a man thinking he can yell at her is my business.”
“She’s what?” Thomas exclaimed.
“She’s mine,” Sayer repeated. Then he looked down at me and smiled. “Right, baby?”
What. In. The. Hell?
Chapter 8
Sayer~
I knew she couldn’t hide from me forever. Though, she had given it great effort.
This past week, when it was obvious that she was avoiding me, I had hoped it was because she was embarrassed and not upset. Embarrassment I could work with. We could wave it away with an awkward laugh and forget about it. Being upset was an entirely different matter.
After Monroe had left the station, forty minutes later, another building inspector had shown up. Kevin was his name, and the inspection of the firehouse had gone off without a hitch.
Well.
Almost hitchless.
I had been a growling jackass, and Kellen had locked me in the Division Chief’s office until the inspection had been completed. Once we had passed and Kevin had gone on his way, Chief Malone had demanded to know what was going on. It had been on the tip of my tongue to tell him, but I had decided against it. I was a firm believer that harassment came after you’ve already told someone how you felt about their behavior, and they made no effort to fix it. I had made it clear to Daria how I felt about what had happened with Monroe and how I felt about her snooping into my personal life. She had a choice to make on how she would conduct herself from here on out, and that would determine if I went to the Chief or not with a formal complaint.
After everyone had kept mum on why I’d been acting like a lunatic, Chief had just grumbled about us being a bunch of children and had gone on with his day. Everyone else, including Daria, had steered clear of me until end of shift.
I’d had to work through Sunday, but on Monday and Tuesday, I hadn’t seen hide or hair of Monroe Stewart. And believe me, I’d had my face glued to my windows for a chance to see her and make things right.
I just never imagined I’d finally catch a glimpse of her while she was on her porch, fighting with her ex-husband.
Was it immature that I hated that she had an ex-husband? A bit.
I didn’t mind the guy, though, because I could take him if it came down to it. And I didn’t mind the daughter because she seemed like a sweet kid from the very few times that I’ve interacted with her. But it annoyed me that at one point in time, Monroe had loved this tool enough to marry him and have a child together. It bothered me that he might always be special to her.
And that’s how I found myself standing next to Monroe, taking liberties I had not been granted permission to.
When I had first heard the words carry, I had realized quickly that they were arguing about their daughter. I had also realized that it wasn’t my place to interfere in something like that. But when he started calling her out and accusing her of still being hung up on him, well…that was a different story.
It also hadn’t helped when my dick had heard (because he’d had ears for this part) Monroe’s account of the past three years. If we were paying close attention (and we had been) she hasn’t been with anyone in three fucking years. There was no way I was not going to be her next.
So, I had walked over, and now I was standing next to her being a liar, liar pants on fire.
“Oh, how cliché,” he sneered, his eyes on Monroe. “The pool boy, Monroe? Really?”
“Fireman, actually,” I corrected with a smirk on my face. I wasn’t dumb. Thomas wasn’t a bad-looking guy, but he had to be forty or forty-one, somewhere around there. And though he looked to keep himself in shape, he wasn’t built like I was. He didn’t have a six-pack for Monroe to run her tongue and fingers over. And though there was only about a five-year age gap, it was obvious I was younger than they were. He was jealous. He may have wanted her to move on, but he had wanted her to move on with someone less striking than he was. He had wanted her to be the loser in all this.
“Make up your mind, Thomas,” Monroe said. “You come here upset, thinking I haven’t moved on, but now you’re upset that I have. Which is it?” I snorted because I couldn’t help it. I knew it was her pride making her go along with my outrageous claim, but I’d take what I could get at this point.
His eyes flittered between me and Monroe. “So, if this is real, why doesn’t Leta know about it?” he challenged. “Why does she think you’re not dating?”
This prick.
If this is real?
Seriously?
Before Monroe could say anything, I stepped behind her and placed my hands on her shoulders. She didn’t lock up, and that was a good thing if we were going to sell this lie. And since it was my lie to begin with, I didn’t want to put her in a place where she had to come up with some bullshit story. I wanted this asshole to believe I was dicking Monroe down every fucking night.
“We’ll tell her when it’s the right time to tell her,” I told him. “This isn’t something we want to rush.”
Thomas folded his arms over his chest and scoffed. “You mean, you don’t want Leta knowing that Monroe’s spreading her legs for the neighborhood,” he glowered. “If this thing were serious, you-”
Before I could punch him in the face, Monroe was seething up at him. “Listen, you narcissistic asshole. We haven’t told Leta about our relationship because there hasn’t been a chance to tell her.” As much as I wanted to kill the bastard in front of me for talking to Monroe the way he has, I was more interested in what she was about to say, so I kept my mouth shut, my hands still on her shoulders. “She’s so upset every time she comes back from staying with you, it takes days for her to settle back down. And by the time she’s in a good place again, I’m not actually up to disrupting her contentment by announcing that I’m seeing someone,” she spat. “Announcing that I am seeing someone, and that it’s very serious, will do nothing but further cement the fact that her family is never going to be whole again. You might have walked out on us three years ago, but my relationship with Sayer is what’s going to prevent Leta from ever having her family back together again.”
Was I a complete asshole for wanting every word out of her mouth to be true? Probably.
This was a family we were discussing here. We were addressing a girl’s family and how she’s still suffering from the separation, three years later. We were talking about people’s lives and their real trials and tribulations. But all I could think about was how Monroe was going along with my lies, and how I wished it were all true.
“Serious?” Thomas balked. “You’re telling me you are in a serious relationship with a…a…” His eyes darted my way before landing back on her. “…goddamn guy half your age?” Now he was just being a bigger dick than before. It might be obvious that I was younger than they were, but half her age?
C’mon.
I stepped aside and tugged on Monroe’s hand until she was standing behind me. I didn’t bother hiding the distaste and anger I had for this man when I told him, “Last time I checked, thirty-five was well above the legal age limit for all the shit I do to Monroe in the bedroom.” Dick thing to say with the woman standing right behind me? Yeah. It totally was. It was rude and disrespectful to be honest. But he had attacked her integrity when he had accused her of not moving on from him, and he had attacked her self-esteem when he had insinuated that she wasn’t hot enough to land a younger guy. So, I was just clearing up those two misconceptions. “Trust me when I tell you that Monroe is over you and hasn’t thought about you once since I started sleeping in her bed,” I informed him viciously. “As for Leta, maybe we just have a little more respect for her and her feelings than you do in wanting to make sure we do this in the best possible way for her. Not for us.”
Thomas’ face took on an ugly red hue. “You don’t know shit about my family,” he spat.
“Don’t you mean your ex-wife and daughter?” I fired back mercilessly. “Because Monroe is no longer your family. While Leta is yours, no one is arguing that point.” I stepped closer to him just to be a possessive dick. “But Monroe? Monroe is mine. She’s mine every fucking night that you have Leta staying at your house,” I lied through my teeth. “And the only reason you’re still on your feet is because I don’t want to upset Monroe any more than she already is. But if you ever talk about her like she’s some trashy slut ever again or think that you can come here and yell at her like you still have the right, I will lay you the fuck out and smile while they put the handcuffs on me.”
Thomas wasn’t a little bitch, though, I’ll give him that. “You sonofabitch. You-”
“That’s enough,” Monroe hissed, coming out from behind me. “Thomas, you need to go.” She shook her head. “And the only thing I can tell you about Leta is to talk to her or go to counseling with her, even though we both know how you feel about counseling.” I could tell it was a jab, even if I didn’t know the details of their divorce.
“This isn’t over, Monroe,” he replied, still pissed off.
“It is for me,” she retorted before grabbing me by the arm and dragging me with her into her house, leaving Thomas to stew on the porch.
Once the door was firmly shut behind us, Monroe whirled around on me, and hissed, “What in the hell was that?” I looked down at the annoyed beauty and just smiled.
I was finally standing inside Monroe Stewart’s home.
Chapter 9
Monroe~
Was this really happening? Did Sayer Hayes really just pretend to be my boyfriend?
As if I didn’t already have enough things to be embarrassed about in front of this man, now he’s gone and pretended to be my boyfriend because my ex-husband felt the need to announce to the world what a loser I was because I haven’t gotten laid in three years.
Lord, why me?
Now, don’t get me wrong, Sayer coming to my rescue had been fabulous. I would never purposely set out to embarrass or attack Thomas, but I had been furious as he tried to blame me for the friction between him and Leta. He was still trying to get out of his mess with no responsibility, and I drew the line at placing the blame on my shoulders. However, that didn’t change the fact that we had lied to his face for petty revenge.
And, Sweet Baby Jesus, when Sayer had started sprouting off how he’s in my bed every night, it had been everything I could do not to scream ‘Yes, please!’ and not pull the covers on our charade.
“You’re not going to offer me a refreshment?” Sayer asked, grinning down at me, and I was back to being a bumbling idiot, my anger at Thomas no longer around to distract me.
“Wh…what?”
He jerked his gorgeous head towards the kitchen. “A drink,” he said. “You’re not going to offer me a drink?” His smile deepened, making his dimples pop and my knees weaken. “After all, I did almost get arrested for you.”
My eyes widened, and I couldn’t stop my shocked laugh. “You did not almost get arrest,” I corrected.
Sayer smirked and it was that sexy kind of smirk that should be outlawed for the sanity of all women everywhere. “I would have, though,” he returned. “Had he kept running his mouth, I would have fucked him up, Monroe.”
That one statement brought me back to the seriousness of what just happened. I jerked my head towards the kitchen for him to follow me. As he sat down at the counter, I went to the refrigerator. “Soda, iced tea, or water?”
“Water,” he replied. “Please.”
I grabbed two bottles of water and walked over to stand on the other side of the kitchen counter, placing one of the bottles in front of him. He thanked me as he twisted the cap open. “So…”
He took a drink, but his grin was positively wolfish when he repeated, “So…”
I grimaced, because this really was embarrassing as hell. I’ve barely spoken to this man in the two months that he’s lived next door, and he’d just witness something very personal and very humiliating. I didn’t need this sex god to know that I haven’t had any action for three years.
I cringed.
Sayer let out a soft laugh. “It’s okay, Monroe. You have nothing to be embarrassed about.”
I snorted, and it was probably the most unladylike sound in history. “Yeah, right.”
“He’s a dick,” he said simply. “That…that scene was all him.”
I looked at this perfect specimen sitting across from me, and looking at him, how could he possibly understand? “Have you ever been married?” He shook his head. “Do you have any kids?” Again, he shook his head. “You ever been in a serious relationship?”
“Uh, it’s…it’s been a while,” he hedged. “And it had never had the makings of marriage or forever.”
Karma was the only other person who knew my story. She’d been there for me through it all. Through picking up the pieces, through the heartbreak of not being able to help Leta adjust through the destruction, through it all. And even if this wasn’t any of Sayer’s business, he did come to my rescue. That deserved something.
“I had been rifling through my dresser drawer, looking for my favorite pajama pants, when Thomas had announced that he had wanted a divorce,” I told him. “No talk about being unhappy, or going to counseling, or anything. Just, simply, that he had wanted a divorce.”
Sayer looked flummoxed. “What a dick,” he finally threw out.
“I’m not going to argue with you there,” I replied dryly.
“So, what happened?” Then he flinched. “Sorry,” he mumbled. “That was rude and completely none of my business.”
I grinned. “Even though you’re my pretend boyfriend?”
“There’s nothing pretend about it,” he scoffed, but I knew he was only kidding. He was just trying to lighten the mood on a depressing topic.
“Anyway,” I continued, “rather than…fight for a man who clearly didn’t want me anymore, I bowed out gracefully with the condition that he tell Leta the truth about our divorce.” I shook my head. “I’m not sure if it was the right decision or not, but at the time…at the time, I felt like that was my…I don’t know,” I muttered, kind of surprised that this was still hard to talk about, so many years later. “In exchange for letting him have his freedom, an uncontested divorce, and a fifty/fifty financial separation and custody, I felt that was my due. He could have all that in exchange for Leta not blaming me for our divorce.” I let out a deep breath. “But…she still hates Thomas so much that I’m beginning to wonder if I’d made a mistake there.”
Sayer cocked his head. “Alright. Just hear me out, okay?” I nodded. “Granted, this is only my opinion, but…he’s the one who walked away from his family without even bothering to try. Hell, it sounds like he couldn’t even put in the effort to pretend to make it work for the sake of your feelings or the impact a divorce would have on his daughter. Why would you take part blame for that?”
“Well, when you put it like that…”
“He doesn’t deserve his troubles with Leta because he wanted a divorce, because…well, shit happens all the time,” he said. “Best laid plans, and all that. But he does deserve it for throwing away his family without even trying to save it first. That’s some selfish chickenshit, Monroe.”
“When I had asked him about Leta, he had said she’d get over it,” I admitted.
He let out a dark laugh. “And how’s that working out for him?” I grinned, and it felt good. “Fuck that dude, Monroe,” he said. “You deserve better.”
I could feel my cheeks heat. “Yeah…speaking of that…” He took another drink of his water, and why was his Adam Apple working up and down so damn sexy? The man was trouble.
Scorching hot trouble.
Like, Lord, help me trouble.
“There’s a very good chance Thomas is going to say something to Leta for petty revenge,” I said. “You know that, right?”
Sayer shrugged a massive, muscular, sexy shoulder. “So?”
I could feel my eyes widen. “So?” I choked out. “Never mind that we lied our asses off out there, but she’s going to think we’re dating, Sayer.”
“And?”
My head jerked back. “And?”
“And so what if she thinks we’re dating?” he asked, sounding like an asylum patient.
“Well, for starters, I don’t relish lying to my child,” I replied. “Second-”
“So, go out on a date with me, and we won’t be lying,” he said, flooring me completely.
“What?”
“I’m working for the next three days, and I know it’s your week to have Leta, but the week after that, I have Sunday off and Leta will be with Thomas,” he replied, ignoring my shock. “We can have an early dinner Sunday since you have to work that Monday.” How did he know all this? “With Mother’s Day just passing, my Sunday is clear.”
“You…you know we can just say we broke up, right?” No way did this hot, young, alpha fireman want to date me. I mean, right?
He flashed those damn dimples at me again. “I’ll pick you up around five,” he said, ignoring how this was completely crazy. “That’ll work, right?”
“Sayer-”
He stood up from the barstool. “It’ll be fine, Monroe,” he said. “We’ll go to dinner, have a nice meal, fall in love, move in together, get married, and have all the babies.” He grinned, then he threw a wink at me.
A goddamn wink.
I stood there, in utter shock, as he turned and started walking out of the kitchen. It wasn’t until his words penetrated, that I shouted, “I don’t want to have any more babies!”
“Then we’ll adopt some dogs!” he yelled back, right before I heard the telltale signs of the front door opening, then closing. Was he serious? I shook my head.
No. No way was he serious.
Right?
Chapter 10
Sayer~
Was this really happening? Did I really have a date with Monroe Stewart?
Now, granted, she hadn’t actually said yes to the date, more to just letting me know she didn’t want to have any more kids, which was fine with me. Leta could just give a shitload of grandchildren one day, and I was fine with that. Plus, Gideon and Nathan were family oriented. They were sure to give me some nieces or nephews soon.
As long as I had Monroe, I didn’t need anything else. And there were millions of love songs that laid claim to that fact.
“Dude, you look like a kid on Christmas Eve,” Kellen said, pulling me from my thoughts. “I’d say you were glowing, but then that would make me sound like a pussy, and no thanks.”
I’d just finished restocking one of the firetruck’s First-Aid kits. “I finally did it,” I told him.
His blue eyes rounded. “You slept with your neighbor?”
Dick.
“No,” I snapped. “I asked her out. And don’t talk about her like that.”
He blinked at me. “Dude, relax,” he replied. “I didn’t mean anything by it.”
I shook my head and let out a deep breath. “Sorry,” I muttered. “I’m just…wound a bit tightly when it comes to her.”
“Ya think?”
I grabbed the First-Aid kit and secured it back inside one of the firetruck lockboxes. When I turned to look at him, he had a damn smirk on his face. “Cut me some slack, will ya?”
His smirk turned into a grin. “So, you asked her out, she said yes, and there’s a wedding planned for September? Next May?”
“Who’s getting married?” We both turned to see Jake Wilder coming around the back of the firetruck, a huge grin on his face.
“Hayes is,” Kellen lied. “Met the woman of his dreams, and the fat lady is singing.”
Jake turned his head to face behind him. “Hey! Hayes is getting married!” he yelled, and you could hear the thunder of boot-clad feet coming our way.
“I am not getting married!” I shouted towards the roof, but it was too late. We had two trucks with eight firefighters and the Chief, and while the Chief, Leonard Sparks, and Garret Lytle were in the office with Daria, going over the minors from our building inspection, Carl Shield, Lance Barrett, and Demarcus Houston weren’t busy enough that they were able to come over at Jake’s announcement. You’d think any one of us would have duties to attend to.
“Marriage, huh?” Lance spoke first. “About time.”
While Chief was the oldest, Garret was the second oldest at thirty-nine, with Kellen next, then me. Leonard and Carl were both thirty, Lance was twenty-eight, Jake was twenty-six, and Demarcus was twenty-five. But we were a good crew regardless of the age gaps. Lance has also been with his wife since they were like twelve, or some shit, so he was a big fan of love and commitment.
“I’m not getting married,” I repeated.
“It’s the sexy building inspector from last week,” Kellen supplied, not caring about the lie.
“Kevin?” Carl asked, confused.
Kellen and Jake started laughing, while Demarcus grinned. “That hot little number who had been pacing by her car?”
Lance let out a low whistle. “No wonder she couldn’t do the inspection.”
“We’re not getting married,” I said again, this time, a little more forcefully.
“Is that why Daria’s been in a snit lately?” Jake asked.
“Makes sense,” Demarcus added.
Like any workplace with close quarters, nothing was ever a secret. Between my sour mood and Daria’s pouting, it hadn’t been long before everyone had found out what had happened with Monroe. Especially, when another inspector had to complete our annual inspection. We also couldn’t hide it from the Chief when Kevin had shown up, and he had demanded to know what had happened to Monroe. I guess she had been introduced to him when she had first arrived. Needless to say, he hadn’t been happy with the drama that had played out. And while I hadn’t told anyone about the exchanged, Daria had been quick to make sure every knew she had been the victim, and I had been the unreasonable one. I hadn’t bothered contradicting her version of the events because all the guys had known better.
“Daria is a nonfactor,” I quickly said. There was no way this was going to turn into some imagined love triangle.
“Never thought she was, Hayes,” Jake smirked. Jake and Carl were the two guys who’d slept with Daria, and it didn’t seem to bother them a bit that she was free with her affections. While Lance, Garret, Leonard, and Chief were happily married men, Demarcus was in a committed relationship with his college sweetheart, and Jake, Carl, Kellen, and I were the single ones. And no matter how good Daria was at her job, when I had heard that she had hit on Lance, knowing he was married and that he absolutely adored his wife, I’d lost all personal respect for her. That had been the beginning of me staying away from her.
“So, when’s the wedding?” Jake asked.
“I don’t-” I took a deep breath. “We have our first date next Sunday,” I told them, knowing they were not going to leave me alone until I gave them something.
“So, what do we know about her?” Demarcus asked.
“Well, we know she’s a county building inspector,” Kellen joked. “She’s also thirty-nine, has a teenage daughter, is Sayer’s neighbor, and had a dick of an ex-husband.”
I wanted to object to Kellen telling all of Monroe’s business, but I was brought up short by what he’d said about Thomas. “How do you know he’s a dick?”
“Only a dick would leave a woman who looks like that,” he retorted, and I punched him in his chest. “What? he laughed.
“An older woman?” Carl whistled. “Niiiiice.”
I rolled my eyes. “It’s only a four-year difference,” I pointed out. “That’s not shit.”
“You sure?” Jake asked. “Women can be funny about shit like that.” I honestly didn’t know how to answer him. I really had no idea what Monroe’s views were on age differences. I was hoping my six-pack and big dick could erase any hang ups she might have about my age.
Then Demarcus winced a bit. “What if it doesn’t work out, man? Are you going to have to move?”
I shot him a quick look. “That’s not going to happen,” I snapped.
His dark brows shot up. “I see.”
“What are we seeing?” Carl asked.
Demarcus smiled. “I think Hayes is in love,” he chuckled.
“He’s been in love,” Kellen snorted.
“We’re planning a wedding!” Jake yelled out like a war cry, but of course, we weren’t planning a wedding. There’s no way in hell I’d wish that disaster on any woman. And why waste time on a big wedding? I was sure Monroe’s already done all that. The second she says yes, we’re going to the courthouse and getting it done.
“Who’s getting married?” All our heads turned to see Chief Malone, Leonard, Garret, and Daria headed our way.
“I don’t really care,” Chief Shark Malone said, lying through his teeth. And, yes, that was his real first name, though we were not allowed to call him by it.
“Who’s getting married,” Leonard asked again.
“Hayes,” Kellen lied again. “He’s finally taking the plunge.”
“Yeah, and we get to plan it,” Jake announced like it were fact.
“You are not planning my wedding,” I told him, and it didn’t matter that this conversation was completely absurd. We haven’t even been out on a first date yet.
Jake looked genuinely crestfallen. “Awe, really?”
“Listen, Ladies,” Chief said, interrupting all the wedding talk, “you can plan Hayes’ wedding on your own time. Right now, you guys belong to me, and we need to go over the minors from the inspection.” We all straightened and got serious. Deep down, I knew Chief cared about my nonexistent wedding, but he was right, we needed to handle our shit.
When he was done giving us the rundown and assigning us our tasks, we all started to disperse to get back to our normal chores and the new ones we’d just been assigned.
I grabbed the box of supplies we used to replenish the First-Aid kits and headed back towards the storage room. As I was placing the box back on the shelf, Daria’s voice hit my ears. “I guess congratulations are in order,” she said, and there was no mistaking the cattiness in her voice.
There was so much sitting on the tip of my tongue, but I wasn’t going to chance having my words twisted. So, instead of giving her another set-down, I just walked right past her and out of the storage room.
No way was I getting caught up in her bullshit.
Chapter 11
Monroe~
Holy crap.
I was standing in my doorway, my hair up in a tangled, damp bun, no makeup, a pair of jeans, and an old Oakland Raiders t-shirt that has seen better days. I also had flip-flops on and couldn’t recall the last time I’ve had a pedicure. Heels were hell on a woman’s feet and toes.
And here I was, staring at a deliciously gorgeous Sayer Hayes, as he was not dressed in jeans and an old t-shirt.
Nope.
He was dressed in a dark green button-up that had the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, the first two top buttons undone, the tails hanging out over the waistband of some dark blue jeans, and some tan Timberlands.
He looked like I was about to have a heart attack. That’s how mouthwatering the man looked. And because I’ve seen him washing his car without a shirt, the muscles underneath turned the clothes he was wearing into a heart-stopping ensemble.
“Wh…what are you doing here?” I blurted, never imagining he had been serious about our date. It’s been over a week, and while I knew he worked long hours, and I’d had Leta all week, we hadn’t spoken a word to each other beyond a hello or a wave when I’d see him coming or going from his house. Our date had never been confirmed, and…well, quite frankly, since Leta had never mentioned anything about our fake dating, I hadn’t felt it necessary to address the fictitious date.
Only, I guess, it hadn’t been fictitious after all.
Sayer just grinned. “Did you forget?”
I shook my head, absolutely mortified. “I…uh…”
His brows shot up, but his face softened as he took mercy on me. “You didn’t think I was being serious,” he surmised.
My face felt hot. “I’m sorry, Saye-”
“Can I come in?”
I almost scoffed. Like I was going to tell him no, after he’d gotten dressed up and had taken our date seriously and I hadn’t.
I gave him a tight grin and stepped aside, so he could come in. He fired another wink at me, and my insides dip with an attraction I had no business feeling.
No matter what Karma said, and no matter how strong women were these days, Sayer Hayes was way out of my league.
I shut the front door behind me, and it was awkward as hell having Sayer standing just inside my living room, dressed for a date I hadn’t taken seriously. I had just gotten out of the shower and was dressed for a night on the couch.
Alone.
“Sayer-”
“Can I be honest with you, Monroe,” he said, interrupting another apology I’d been about to make for being such a clueless tool. I nodded, hoping to salvage some pride. “I like you, Monroe.”
I smiled softly. “I like you, too, Sayer,” I told him honestly. He was a good neighbor, and he seemed like a great guy.
But then he stepped closer until my back was up against the door and his body was crowding mine. “No, Monroe,” he rasped out, low and rough. “I like you.”
Everything stopped.
My lungs, my heart, my brain, they all just stopped.
Was he saying…?
“W…wh…uh, what?” I squawked in a low whisper.
Sayer placed his left hand against the door near my head, and his other hand came to rest on my hip. My lungs started working again, but only to suck in a shocked breath at the connection of his hand on my hip. I stared into his fiery blue eyes as his hand lid upward until it was hot against my bare flesh, his thumb running lazily back and forth over my skin.
He leaned in until his breath was warm against my ear. “I like you, Monroe,” he repeated, his voice low, and sexy, and incredible.
“You…uh, you do?” I asked breathlessly, because let me tell you. I. Was. Breathless.
This was crazy, and I wasn’t thinking that in a self-depreciative kind of way. I was thinking it in the way anyone would when a good-looking, six-pack-having, sexy firefighter claimed he was attracted to an older, less-than-firm, decent-looking, middle-aged woman.
Sayer’s lips touched the delicate skin right below my ear before saying, “Yeah, I do. I’ve liked you for a long time, Monroe.”
Sweet.
Baby.
Jesus.
His hand wrapped around the flank of my waist and squeezed just enough to make me wet all over. My hands few to his chest and I twisted the fabric of his shirt in my grip.
It’s been three years since a man’s hands have been on me.
“Sayer…” I didn’t mean for his name to come out sounding like a moan, but that’s exactly what it was.
“Baby,” he whispered against my skin, and there was no way I wasn’t going to make this horrible mistake.
I’ve been doing the right thing for the past three years. I’ve been doing nothing but what I thought was best for Leta and our new lives. I’ve been good, damnit. I’ve been…I deserved this. I deserved a night of not being inside my mind for once.
I deserved a night with Sayer Hayes.
“Sayer, I-”
“Say yes, Monroe,” he said between the kisses he was peppering against my delicate skin. “I’m not sure how much more I can take, baby. I feel like I’m going to lose my mind if I don’t have you soon.”
I knew the rules. I knew you weren’t supposed to take what anyone said in the heat of the moment to heart, but his words made the back of my eyes burn. They felt like a soothing balm over the burns of an old rejection. Sayer Hayes was the sexiest thing walking the earth, and here he was, telling me how much he wanted me. He was making me feel wanted when I’d gotten over the feeling of being unwanted a while back.
“Say yes, Monroe,” he demanded this time. “Say yes, so I can show you everything I’ve been dreaming about for the past two months.”
Say yes.
His other hand came off the wall and slid over my shoulder until it was cupping the back of my neck. His hand felt like live fire, and I knew there was going to be no turning back for me.
I was going to do this.
He pulled back until his eyes were on mine. I could feel my pulse thumping in my neck and in between my legs with the fierceness of his stare. “I want you, Monroe,” he said, his voice raspy and dark. “I don’t want to be a liar. I want to be able to say that you’re in my bed every night when you don’t have Leta, and it be the truth.” I closed my eyes, and my chest felt like it’d been kicked in.
This wasn’t a one-night stand.
“Sayer-”
“Look at me, Monroe,” he insisted. “Look at me.”
I opened my eyes, and there was no mistaking he dark desire in his eyes. There was no faking that. No matter how it came to be, Sayer Hayes wanted me. His attraction for me was real. And I was going to take advantage of that for however long this lasted. I didn’t need forever. I’d already had that promise broken. What I wanted with Sayer was a right now. I chance at not being lonely. A chance to get out there and feel something different from the same avoidance I’ve been feeling for the past three years.
The man staring down at me like he wanted to devour me was going to change all that.
“Baby, I don’t care about dinner, or a movie, or a walk in the park.” His hand snaked its way in my hair, and it fisted in the sexiest thing I have ever felt. I’d never been with an aggressive man before. “I want to strip you naked and spend all night fucking you hard and deep.” Oh, God. “I want to bottom out so deep in that pussy of yours that you’ll never get me out.”
I groaned.
“I want to take you every way imaginable,” he continued. “I want you beneath me, raking your nails down my back. I want you on top of me, riding my cock as I watch your tits bounce.” My panties were soaked, and blood started rushing through my ears. “I want you bent over in front of me, forcing you to take every inch of my cock.”
“Oh, God…” I moaned, picturing every word in my sex-deprived mind.
“I want you in the bed, in the shower, up against the wall, on the kitchen counter, outside in the fucking yard for everyone to see that you’re mine,” he said, growling that last part. “I want you like I have never wanted anything else before in my life, Monroe.”
I believed him, even if he was lying to me.
Even if he was just saying all the practiced right things. Even if this was all just to get me in bed. I believed him. I wanted to believe him.
I also realized something else.
As much as I wanted Sayer’s hands and lips all over my body, as much as I wanted to lose my mind with everything he just promised, I realized that, along with missing the pleasure a man could give me, I missed giving the same pleasure in return. I missed kissing someone at the same time I missed someone kissing me. I missed touching someone at the same time I missed them touching me. I wanted to share pleasure with Sayer, not just take it.
And I just couldn’t take it anymore.
Uncurling my fists from his shirt, I ran them up his chest until they were anchored around his neck, and I went in for the kill. My lips touched his, and it felt electrifying for so many reasons, the main one being that Sayer Hayes could kiss.
Our mouths opened for each other immediately, and he tasted like I wanted to kiss him forever. Both his hands captured my head, and he held me firm as his lips tasted mine and his tongue played with mine. It was only a damn kiss, but my chest caved with the forgotten pleasure Sayer was bringing back to life. I’d forgotten how sensual and consuming a simple kiss could be. I’d forgotten that if done right a kiss could change your life forever.
Sayer let out a deep groan, and I knew exactly how he felt. Not caring how desperate it made me look-or how crazy-I broke off the kiss, reached for the buttons of his shirt, and God bless him, he helped me unbutton every single one and push the shirt off his body.
I lost my breath looking at the perfection standing before me. “Jesus,” I breathed out.
“Monroe,” he growled, and I knew what I wanted to do next.
I wanted to drive him out of his mind.
My hands went for the button on his jeans as I dropped to my knees in front of him. I wanted to prove I had something to bring to the table, too. I didn’t want to be a middle-aged divorcee who’s been without sex for too long. I wanted to be an independent, confident woman who wasn’t afraid to step out of her comfort zone.
“Monroe, baby-” Sayer hissed just as I wrapped my hand around his thick, hard, hot length. I moaned at how hot and hard he was. Even if I hadn’t been out of commission for so long, his size was enough that I knew sex with Sayer was going to be uncomfortable before it became pleasurable.
Desperate and wanting, I ignored whatever he had been trying to say and took him into my mouth. And I was the one who moaned around his length as his hands fisted in my hair and my name broke from between his lips.
I missed this.
“Goddamn, baby,” Sayer groaned above me, and I realized I really, really, really missed this. I missed being this for someone. I missed how good it felt to weaken a man’s knees.
Knowing there was no way I could take all of Sayer’s length, I wrapped my hand around the base and did my best to swallow everything he had. With my efforts and his desire, things got dirty pretty quickly. Soon, all you could hear were the wet slurping noises that came with the struggle of trying to keep my lips around his thickness. Soon, all you could hear were his moans as his hand tightened in my hair, and he started fucking my mouth instead of letting me suck him off.
I couldn’t say how long I’d been on my knees, but all too soon, Sayer was warning me to pull back. “Baby, I’m going to cum.”
I hoped so.
If I was going to do this, then I was going to do it all the way. I wasn’t going to cheat myself out of this night when I wasn’t sure what would come with the morning.
So, I wrapped my lips around his cock tighter, and swallowed as much of him as I could. I worked my hands, my lips, and my tongue in a bid to drive him to the edge.
“Oh, shit…Monroe,” he rasped before holding my head still in his hands and erupting over my tongue and down my throat. I swallowed every drop and it had been perfect.
Too perfect.
Chapter 12
Sayer~
Holy crap.
I stood there with my hands still tangled in this goddess’ hair, wondering if my legs were ever going to work again.
When Monroe had kissed me, I had already considered myself a winner on this night. Even if she had wanted to take it slow, the fact that she was attracted to me and wanted to give this a shot would have been enough for me.
But, Holy Mary, Mother of God, when she had reached for the buttons on my jeans as she dropped to her knees…well, that had been something entirely different. Had I been lucky enough to get her to say yes, my plan had been to worship every fucking inch of her first, before even considering satisfying myself. I wasn’t the one who’s gone three years without sex. Sure, it’s been a few months for me, what with the move and all, but not three goddamn years.
Staring down at her beautiful face, flushed with her lips swollen from sucking my cock dry, I grabbed her by her shoulders and hauled her up to her feet. She looked a little daze, but that just made my caveman roar louder.
Monroe had gotten on her knees because she had wanted to be there.
I cradled her face in my hands, and smirked. “My turn, baby.” Her eyes dilated, and I knew I wasn’t going to rest until there was nothing left of me to shoot inside her pussy.
I crashed my lips to hers, not caring one good goddamn bit that she’d just swallow my seed, and I didn’t break off the kiss until the back of my knees hit her couch. As soon as they did, I had my hands curled in the hem of her old, worn t-shirt and I had it up and over her head before she could protest.
Monroe had a simple cotton bra covering what I had already suspected were a magnificent pair of tits, and it was the sexiest thing I’d ever seen. But that was all due to the woman who was wearing the bra, not the bra itself.
“I…I wasn’t expec-”
My eyes flashed to hers. “You could be wearing a goddamn potato sack, Monroe, and it’d still be the sexiest thing I’ve ever seen,” I told her honestly. I hated that women had those pockets of self-doubt, and I hated that it was us men who put them there. Specifically, for Monroe, that dickhead ex-husband of hers.
“Sayer-”
I held her gaze. “I don’t need to lie, Monroe,” I said, interrupting her. “You’ve already had my dick in your mouth. I don’t need to spout lies to get you into bed. And I’d never spout lies to get any woman into bed.”
She winced, but she was honest. “Old ghosts.”
I reached down, and she kicked her flip-flops off as I worked the button on her jeans. “There’s only you and me here, babe,” I told her. “And I promise you, Monroe, there’s nowhere else I’d rather be, and there’s no one else I’d rather be with since my second day living next door, when I was staring out at my yard, wondering what I wanted to do with it, and I saw you walking towards your mailbox to get your mail.” I’ll never forget that day. “It was a Saturday, mid-morning, and you were wearing a plain blue t-shirt with a pair of leggings, and another pair of flip-flops.” Her chocolate-colored eyes rounded. “You gathered your mail, waived to someone walking their dog, and walked back up your walkway.”
“Sayer…” she whispered.
“I’ve wanted you every day since, Monroe,” I told her, finally pushing her jeans over those wide hips of hers and down her thighs. “This is you and me, baby. Only you and me.”
Monroe dutifully stepped out of her jeans, and then she was standing before me in nothing but her bra and panties. Though I had shoved my dick back in my boxers, I hadn’t bothered with the buttons again. I grabbed her hands and brought them close to wrap around my growing dick again.
She gasped. “I-”
“That’s what you do to me, baby.” Together, our hands started stroking my dick. “I just shot my load inside that hot mouth of yours, and I’m already ready for you again.” Her face turned a beautiful shade of pink, and I loved how my words affected her.
I sat down on the couch and I grabbed her hips to bring her down with me. Once Monroe was straddling me with my cock nestled beneath her pussy, I reached back and unclipped her bra. The straps slid down her arms, and soon, her bare tits where exactly where they were supposed to be.
In my fucking face, ready to be devoured.
My hands quickly grabbed hold of her tits and my mouth wrapped around her left nipple like I’d die if I didn’t have my mouth on her.
Her hands wove into my hair, and she moaned, “Oh, God…Sayer…”
My mouth went towards her right tit. “You like that, baby?”
“Yes,” she whimpered with no shame, and I loved that. That’s what I wanted between us. I wanted to get as filthy as possible, and not feel ashamed about it.
As I sucked on her nipples and grabbed at the flesh of her tits, Monroe started rubbing her pussy back and forth over my hardened cock. “You need that pussy played with, Monroe?” I asked, knowing that she did. “You want my tongue on your cunt, while my fingers stretch you out to get you ready for my cock?”
“Oh, God…yes…yes…” I grabbed her hips and flung her off my lap and onto the couch. A bed would give us more room for this, but I didn’t have the patience to get us to her bedroom. I was dying to have Monroe’s flavor saturating my tongue.
I worked her panties over her hips and down her legs faster than what would be considered romantic, but I didn’t want any more ‘old ghosts’ appearing. So, before she could object or get shy on me again, I had her knees over my shoulders and my face in her pussy.
She tasted like sweet perfection.
Her hands dug into my hair and her back arched in shameless pleasure as my tongue slid between her delicious folds. I gripped her hips to keep her with me and I made sure my tongue knew the taste of her pussy, her clit, and I even went for her tight little ass. If I was going to be the man to break her dry spell, then I was breaking that motherfucker wide open.
Monroe was squirming and moaning underneath my tongue, and there was no way I was going to stop until she was creaming all over my face. “Fuck, your pussy tastes so good, baby.”
“Don’t stop,” she whimpered, and I almost snorted. Like that was even in question.
I made out with her delicious cunt, and Monroe was so wet that you could hear the slickness of my tongue exploring all her secrets. And when I started focusing on her hard, little nub, that’s when she really started riding my face. She moaned my name and I slid two fingers into her tight sheath, and I knew it was going to take an act of God for me not to blow as soon as I slammed into her pussy. The only thing that was going to help was that I’d gotten the first load out of the way and down her throat.
“Cum on my face, baby,” I coaxed. “Come on, Monroe. Give it to me.”
“I’m going to cum. Sayer,” she groaned. “More, please…please…” I curled my fingers inside her pussy and pushed on her clit until she was screaming my name. “Sayer!”
I wasn’t sure if it was a plea to stop or keep going, but I sure as fuck was not going to stop. I worked two more from her sensitive button before I finally stopped. Wiping my face on the inside of her thigh, I stood up and removed my shoes, socks, jeans, and boxer in record time as I watched Monroe’s body twitch in the aftermath of three oral orgasms.
And I hadn’t even gotten started yet.
Once my clothes were completely shed, I picked her up bride-style and asked, “Where’s your bedroom?”
Still in a haze of sexual satisfaction, she mumbled, “Second door on your right.” I almost laughed. Our homes were mirror designs, and I should have known.
Carrying her to her bedroom, my rock-hard dick bouncing against my abs, I didn’t bother to take in what her room looked like. All I cared about was getting inside this woman.
I laid her on the bed, and my body followed immediately. The best part about it all? Monroe’s legs automatically spread open to accommodate my hips between hers. Bracing all my weight on my elbows, I looked down at the beauty beneath me, and I was fairly certain she was going to have to call the cops to get me out of her house once this was all over.
I nudged the head of my dick against her opening. “Are you ready for this cock, baby?” She nodded, and I knew she was too tight to be able to just slide in, no matter how wet she was. So, I reached down, grabbed the base of my cock, and worked it inside her hot body. Monroe moaned, and as I felt the head of my dick slide securely inside, I pushed inside her in one full, powerful thrust.
“Sayer…oh, God…” she cried out as her nails dug into my back.
Fuck, yeah.
I gave her a few seconds to adjust to my size, but I knew she wouldn’t completely until we were well on our way to some serious fucking. Monroe was tight as hell, and I wasn’t lacking in blessings.
“That’s it, Monroe,” I panted above her. “Be a good girl, and take that dick, baby.” Her nails dug into my back deeper as I pulled out and pushed back in. “Fuck, your pussy’s so tight.”
“God, you feel so good,” she moaned, and my caveman was really feeling himself.
I started thrusting into her body as she held on for the ride, and I wasn’t kidding about the cops. Monroe felt like the most perfect thing wrapped around my cock, and I planned on being inside her every chance I got.
Her legs spread wider to accommodate my thrusts getting deeper and harder. She had her eyes closed and her head was whipping from side-to-side, like she couldn’t believe this was happening. Monroe looked so fucking beautiful taking my dick, there was no way this was a one-night stand. There’s no way this was a rebound for her.
This was more.
She started whimpering as I crashed into her body harder. “Oh, God…”
“This pussy’s mine, Monroe,” I grunted. “It’s fucking mine, baby.” Her fingers dug deeper into my shoulder blades, and her whimpering turned to groans. “You’re going to spread these thighs for me whenever I want, alright?”
“Sayer-”
I crashed into her harder. “Tell me I get to fuck his pussy whenever I want,” I demanded. “Tell me.”
“Yes,” she agreed, her body starting to clench all around me.
“Say it,” I growled, my cock bottoming out deep inside her. “Tell me you’re mine.”
“Yours!” she screamed as her body gripped me hard and clamped down on my cock. I felt her nails break the skin on my back, and it just made me push into her deeper and harder.
“That’s right, baby. Cum on my cock,” I grunted, ready to explode inside her. “Give me another one, so I can finally cum deep in your pussy.”
“Oh, God, Sayer…” she let out the sexiest wail I’d ever heard, and her body was soaking me with her release.
“Fuck,” I hissed out as I emptied everything I had deep inside her cunt. Ropes and ropes of cum were coating her womb, and I wasn’t sure if my body was ever going to stop. I also wasn’t ignorant of the fact that all of this was going on without a condom. Like the kind I had in my wallet in my jeans that were tossed in the living room.
Yeah, we were going to have to talk about that.
“Oh, God…” Monroe rasped out, her body twitching beneath mine, her chest heaving, and her eyes closed.
Oh, God, indeed.
With the last of my seed spent, I collapsed beside her, pulling her with me. Her head was resting on my rib cage, her ass facing the edge of the bed. My mind was already ready for round two, but my body knew how old we were.
I didn’t want to ruin the afterglow, but it couldn’t be helped. “We didn’t use a condom,” I panted out. My breaths still coming heavy.
“I gathered that much when I rolled over and could feel us between my thighs,” she muttered, seemingly unconcerned. But I couldn’t ignore the thump in my chest when she said she felt us between her thighs.
“I haven’t been this stupid since high school,” I said, hoping she believed me. “Once life got serious in college, I got serious. I promise I’m clean as a whistle.”
“Whistles aren’t really clean, though, are they?” she remarked lethargically. “They have all that residue spit in them, don’t they?”
She was killing me. “Is it a problem or not, Monroe?”
I felt her shake her head against my chest. “No. I mean, obviously, I’m healthy, what with my dry spell and all, but we can use condoms,” she mumbled. “Either way works for me.”
This woman was insane. If I had the choice to use condoms or not with this woman, there was no way I was using them. I wanted to cover her from head to toe in my cum. I wanted her fucking marked. “If we get pregnant, we’re naming our son after me,” I said, letting her know my decision.
Monroe laughed, and it was the second best sound in the world next to her screaming my name. “No way, am I getting pregnant again, Sayer.”
Well, that settled that.
Chapter 13
Monroe~
I was really starting to hate Wednesdays. Normally, I was an advocate for Wednesdays. I mean it was hump day, for crying out loud. Who couldn’t get behind that?
But after having Sayer in my bed for the past three nights, it really sucked that I wouldn’t be seeing him for the next three days. During the breaks between sex, eating, and showering, we had talked a lot about his life and mine. And it was during those conversations that I had learned that he worked a three, three, four, three rotation, and it sucked if you ignored the part where the man saved people and animals from fires.
I also learned that he had two younger brothers, Gideon and Nathan, and that Gideon was partners with their father in an engineering firm and that Nathan was goddamn Nathan Hayes. I was a sports girl, and I loved my football, baseball, basketball, and hockey. And even though I was a Dodgers fan, Nathan Hayes was Nathan freakin’ Hayes. He was going to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame one day, no doubt about it.
He had also told me all about his parents, Robert and Louise Hayes, and his best friend and fellow firefighter, Kellen, whom I had already met the day of the inspection. And I had told him all about Ernest and Jillian Stewart and Karma and her family, and it had felt…good.
And even if I hadn’t been attracted to Sayer’s body, face, and personality, his no-nonsense view on life had really sealed the deal. Yesterday, he had made it clear that we were in a relationship and it was one that he planned on seeing to the end. My stomach had dipped with that fear of this being too good to be true, but when he had gone on to slay all my dragons, I had been shocked.
Sayer had made it perfectly clear that our four-year age difference didn’t matter to him, and that children weren’t a must for him. He’d be content with Leta, and he knew his brothers wanted families, providing him with all the nieces and nephews he’d ever need. Then he had mentioned Leta’s future children, and I had melted into a puddle at the man’s feet.
But not having Leta this Wednesday and losing Sayer to another work stretch weren’t the reasons I was hating this particular Wednesday.
Nope.
It was the white Audi pulling into my driveway right behind me, blocking me in should I want to make an escape, that was turning this innocent Wednesday into an awful Wednesday.
I turned off my ignition, took a deep breath, then opened my car door to get out. I left my purse and briefcase in the passenger seat just in case I needed to ball up my fists and smash Thomas in the face. I thought it’d be best if I were unrestricted as possible.
“What do you want, Thomas?” I asked rather rudely. I haven’t spoken to him since he’d accused me of spreading my legs for the neighborhood, and frankly, I wasn’t too keen on speaking to the jackass ever again. Also, Leta tutored students Mondays and Wednesdays after school, so he wasn’t here for her.
He threw his hands up in surrender as he headed my way. “I’m not here to fight, Monroe,” he said, stopping only a couple of feet in front of me.
“Then what are you here for?” With Leta still in school like a lot of after-school activity kids, if there were ever an emergency concerning her, Thomas and I would both be notified.
“I figured enough time has passed where we could talk like grownups,” he answered, and my head jerked back.
“Grownups?” Oh, this was rich. “I’m not the one who showed up at your house, accusing you of sleeping with the entire neighborhood,” I retorted.
“Okay, okay,” he rushed out. “I can admit when I’m wrong, Monroe. I-”
“Oh, you can?” I interrupted snidely. “You can shit the fans, but not the players, Thomas. Quit blowing smoke up my ass and tell me what the hell you want.” Okay. Three days of out-of-your-mind-sex apparently did nothing for my disposition when it came to this buffoon.
“Look, Monroe,” he said, doing his best to keep his tone soothing. “Why don’t we go inside, so we can talk more privately?” But before I could tell him hell no, he added, “You can get out of your clothes, shower, and get comfortable while I get dinner ready.” My heart stopped in complete shock. “We can have a nice, civilized dinner and talk about Leta.”
He couldn’t be serious.
There was no way he could be serious.
“I’m sorry, what?” I asked, not masking my shock at all.
“I said-” Both our phones chimed with notifications at the same time, and our eyes locked. It could be a complete coincidence, but there was only one reason both our phones would chime at the same time.
I dove into my car to grab my phone out of my purse as Thomas pulled his out of his back pocket. When I looked at the screen, my heart dropped. Opening my text messages, there was a notice and attached link.
Oh, God.
“There’s been a fire at the high school,” Thomas read, his voice tight.
I looked up at him and nothing else mattered in this moment. No matter how horrible he was to me, and no matter that he had dumped me like last week’s trash, I knew Thomas loved Leta. He adored her and I knew that.
He raced towards his car as I got back into mine. Doing my best to fight off the panic, I followed him towards Granger High School. With God blessing us the entire way, there’d been no red lights and minimal traffic. My heart felt like it was going to thump right out of my chest, my palms were sweaty, and I felt like I couldn’t breathe. It didn’t matter that I knew she was probably okay. If she were hurt somehow, we would have gotten a personal phone call and not a text. But as a parent, none of that logic mattered right now. I had to see Leta with my own two eyes for my brain, heart, and soul to compute that she was okay.
When we pulled up to the school, there were cars everywhere and I could see two firetrucks taking up all the parking in front of the school. I found the first available spot, which wasn’t a spot at all with how there were cars, kids, teachers, and parents littered everywhere, and barely had the car in park before I was jumping out, calling out Leta’s name.
I was on the verge of a full-blown panic attack when Thomas’ hand grabbed me by the arm. When I looked up, he already had his phone pressed to his ear. “I’m calling her now.” I gave him a shaky nod and did my best to pull oxygen into my lungs.
My eyes darted around, and I was searching for my child with the desperation I’ve never felt before. “Oh, God…” I uttered, feeling the fear threatening to close in on me.
“We’re near the marker statue, Leta,” Thomas said into his phone, and my knees buckled. Thomas’ arm came around me and pulled me close.
She was okay.
Once that registered, I pulled back and looked around, and that’s when I saw Leta weaving her way through the throng of people. I raced towards her, not caring who I was mowing down, and I didn’t stop until I had her in my arms. “Oh, God.”
“Mom, it’s okay,” she said, hugging me back. “I’m okay. Everyone is okay.”
“What happened?” Thomas asked, and that’s when I realized he was right behind me.
Leta stepped back and looked up at her father. “Some kids were dicking around in the chemistry labs, and a fire broke out. The fire extinguisher was faulty, though. And while everyone got out safely, the fire went out the windows or something, and torched the left side of the building.” She shook her head. “That’s all I’ve heard.”
“No one was injured?” Thomas asked.
“No,” she answered. “But the boys who started this probably will be once their parents get a hold of them.” Thomas chuckled, and then pulled our daughter into his arms.
As Thomas was having his moment with Leta, I looked around and saw a lot of familiar faces, and some new ones. Even though no one was hurt, the panic and relief were both real and I knew it’d take the rest of the day for everyone to calm down.
Adrenaline was a real sonofabitch.
As I took in the scene, I saw a couple of firefighters by one of the firetrucks while a few other were scattered on the grass on the east side of the Science building. My heart skipped a beat as I wondered if Sayer was among the firefighters that had been called out.
Then I mentally slapped myself because I was supposed to be a grown ass woman, not some lovesick teenage girl, scribbling Monroe Hayes in her notebook.
It wasn’t until one of the firefighters made his way to the first truck and took off his hat that I saw it was, indeed, Sayer Hayes.
I looked back at Thomas and Leta, and said, “I’ll be right back.” Thomas tensed, but I ignored him and headed towards the firetruck. Because apparently, I was a lovesick teenage girl who was scribbling Monroe Hayes in her notebook.
Chapter 14
Sayer~
I was really starting to hate Wednesdays. Or at least, this Wednesday. It was the first day of my work stretch, and I wasn’t going to see Monroe for three fucking days. Never mind when I hit my four-day rotation.
And I really wanted to hate on the Wednesday when Monroe’s ex-husband had shown up at her door, ready for a fight, but had it not been for that Wednesday, Monroe might not be mine now. But just when I had been about to give Wednesday the benefit of the doubt, the alarm at the firehouse had gone off and the second we’d been told there was a fire at Granger High, the importance of my job had taken on a whole new meaning.
I’ve always loved my job, and I’ve always given my all to be the best at it. Firefighters couldn’t afford to get it wrong, and every second counted when you were playing with fire. The problem with fire was that it was unpredictable. If you didn’t have a connection with it, if you didn’t put in the effort to try to understand it, it could and would turn on you.
What I did was important, and I took the lives I’ve saved and lost seriously. I even cared about saving the damn buildings. Some of those buildings were homes, or housed family businesses, or were community businesses that couldn’t be replaced due to sentimental value. A lot of community centers shaped famous athletes or artists.
But being told that Grange High was on fire had hit me on an entirely different level than I’ve ever felt before. From our talks these past few days, I knew Leta attended Granger High School, and I hadn’t been about to be the one to tell Monroe that her baby wasn’t safe. As irrational as that seemed, it was how I had felt riding towards the school.
Luckily, it had been a small fire…well, relatively speaking from experiencing much worse, and everyone had been evacuated accordingly before we had even arrived on the scene. We had all gone to work immediately with the principal approaching Carl first, letting him know what had happened. In all honestly, it could have been way worse with the fire being in a lab class. While there had been some minor explosions as we put the fire out, there hadn’t been anything catastrophic.
And while we were all thankful no one was hurt, I sure as hell hoped the parents of the boys who had started this mess whooped their asses.
Now there was going to be the cleanup phase of this mess. The school was built from block, but there’d still been enough damage to warrant some costly repairs. Not to mention whatever the inside of the lab classrooms looked like.
When I was walking back towards the truck, it was almost like it had been fate. Out of the crowds of students, teachers, and parents littering the front of the school, I had managed to spot Monroe, Leta, and that asshole, Thomas.
With my hat still on my head, I had managed to observed Monroe squeezing Leta to death with Thomas at her back. When Monroe had managed to give Leta some breathing room, they’d had a short exchange before Thomas had pulled Leta into his arms. I had shaken my head and removed my hat as I reached the truck.
It wasn’t that I was jealous of the scene or even about how I disliked Thomas. I expected him to be here. Hell, I would have been pissed if he hadn’t been. Leta was his daughter, and from everything that Monroe’s told me, he was relatively a good one. Apart from breaking up their family, he seemed like a devoted father.
It wasn’t the cozy picture they painted that bothered me, either. It was that I couldn’t be a part of it. I couldn’t go over there to make sure Leta was okay. I couldn’t go over there to comfort Monroe. I couldn’t go over there and talk to Thomas, man-to-man, to make sure our girls were safe and okay. And when I say our girls, I mean Leta as his daughter and Monroe as just mine.
I couldn’t go over there because we haven’t told Leta about our relationship yet, and I wasn’t even sure when Monroe would be comfortable enough to tell her. Though we had lied to Thomas about the length of our relationship, the rest of it was real now. We didn’t know how Leta would feel about her mother moving on, and it was a tricky situation. Talking and encouraging Monroe to move on was way different from her actually doing it. Monroe was right about the significance in her moving on. Now that Monroe was dating me, Leta would have to really deal with the fact that her parents were over for good, because I wasn’t in this for the casualness of it. I was with Monroe for the long haul.
This shit was serious.
So, Wednesday sucked for a lot of reasons. But right now, it sucked because I felt every bit the odd man out.
“Here,” Garrett said, handing me a bottled water. I took it, muttered my thanks, and drank it down. Chief and Leonard were doing a walk through, while the rest of us were about to begin cleanup.
“Hey?”
I turned around, and Monroe was standing before me. “Hey.”
“Are you okay?”
“Is Leta okay?”
We both chuckled.
“Is Leta okay?” I asked again.
Monroe smiled. “She’s fine,” she replied. “Luckily, she was in the library tutoring. Good thing the fire didn’t happen during regular school hours.”
I nodded. “The important thing is that everyone who was here is safe.”
“Are all of you okay?” she asked, and I was pretty sure I was falling in love with her in this moment.
“We’re professionals,” I teased and winked at her.
She blushed.
Yeah, pretty sure it was love.
“I have to get back to Leta,” she said. “I just wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“You going home?” I knew what I sounded like, but I didn’t care. If Monroe was going to date me, she had to know I was a possessive bastard and just deal with it.
“I’ll probably follow Thomas and Leta to his house, get in another good hug, and go home,” she chuckled.
“You and Thomas arrived separately?” I was fishing, and she knew it.
“Thomas was at my house when we got the emergency notifications,” she admitted.
My eyes shot his way, and he was staring right at us. “What was he doing at your place?”
“Since it’s been a few days, and we’ve both calmed down, he wanted to talk about Leta like civilized adults,” she said, rolling her eyes.
I crossed my arms over my chest. “Oh, really?”
“He suggested I go inside, shower, change, and relax as he made dinner,” she continued, and my blood pressure spiked. “He thought we could talk over a nice dinner.”
“And you said?” I didn’t bother hiding the bite in my voice.
Monroe grinned. “We got the notification before I could tell him to go suck on some donkey balls.”
I barked out a laugh and shook my head. “Sorry, babe.”
Her grin turned into a full smile before shaking her head. “The man didn’t want me, Sayer,” she said. “There wasn’t another woman. We weren’t having financial problems. There weren’t screaming infants in the background.” My heart ached for her. “He just woke up one day and decided he didn’t want me anymore. Do you honestly think I’d ever go back to a man who could to that to me?” No, I supposed not. “He’ll never be a threat, Sayer. The sexy UPS man is more of a threat than Thomas will ever be.”
“Soooo, no more online shopping for you, then,” I teased, and she laughed. “Granted, I don’t plan to ever leave you unsatisfied enough for any man to ever be a threat.”
She blushed again.
“Hey, Hayes!” We both turned and Jake was heading our way.
I looked back down at Monroe. “I gotta go.”
She nodded. “I know.”
But since I couldn’t kiss her, I leaned in and said, “Go take care of what you need to take care of, Monroe. Just don’t forget that pussy’s mine, baby. Those legs of yours only spread wide for me, got it?”
Her face was beet red. “Got it,” she whispered.
I felt Jake slap my back, and as he recognized Monroe, he said, “Oh, hey, Ms. Building Inspector.”
“Uh…”
“So, it’s going to be an April/May wedding, I haven’t decided yet. But I promise you, it’s going to be beautiful.”
Monroe’s eyes rounded. “Uh, what?”
Jake grinned. “Hayes said I could plan your guys’ wedding,” he said seriously, and Monroe was saved as Leta’s voice carried across the parking lot, calling out to her.
Life was good.
Chapter 15
Monroe~
This adulting crap was complicated.
I also sucked at smoothness and acting nonchalant if the tick in Thomas’ jaw and Leta’s quiet demeanor were anything to go by when I had walked back to them after checking on Sayer Wednesday.
Luckily, since it had been Thomas’ week with Leta, I’d had Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday to prepare myself should Leta ask about Sayer. She had also spent the night with Jennifer at Karma’s last night, so that had given me some additional time to figure out what to say, should anything be asked.
I was also still reeling a bit from his co-worker’s comment about planning our wedding. While I knew he had to be joking, did I really want firefighters planning my wedding? The bachelorette party, hell yeah, but the actual wedding?
I shook my thoughts loose and headed towards the kitchen to make some lunch. Karma had dropped Leta off about an hour ago, and she’d been in her room, showering or whatever, to start off her lazy Saturday.
Thinking about my daughter, Leta was a good kid. Much to my dismay, growing up, she had gravitated more towards Thomas’ passions instead of mine, so she was an academic rather than sports oriented. I’d spent a lot of my time watching sports alone while Thomas and Leta had been doing school projects, reading, or exploring nature and whatnot, but it had worked for her.
As she’d gotten older, she became a really good tutor and educational advocate. I imagined education would probably be her pursuits when she was ready for college, but I’d support her, no matter what she chose.
The only downside I saw to her life was her relationship with Thomas. While Leta’s liked a couple of boys in her lifetime, she wasn’t allowed to officially date until she was sixteen. That birthday was only a couple of months away, but I suspected there was a boy already waiting in the wings for when that fateful day arrived. Leta’s always been popular, but the name Demitri had been popping up a lot lately.
“Ooooh, what’s for lunch,” she said, coming into the kitchen. “I’m starved.”
I snorted. “Right.” I’ve been at Karma’s when the Merrills have had Saturday breakfast. They made enough for an army.
I could hear Leta chuckle behind me. “Me and Jennifer didn’t fall out until close to two this morning,” she confessed. “We missed ESB, and Karma took no pity on us.” ESB stood for Epic Saturday Breakfast, and she was right. Karma took no prisoners when it came to the rules of her household.
“Well, serves you right,” I retorted, taking a page out of Karma’s playbook. “But since CPS frowns upon letting a child starve, sit down and I’ll share my lunch with you.”
“So, are you also going to share what’s going on between you and Mr. Hayes, next door?” she asked, dropping that bomb with no care for the casualties around her.
I closed my eyes, gave myself a quick second, then turned around. The little shit was grinning like a loon. “What makes you think there’s something going on between me and our neighbor?”
Her grin turned into a smile that showed all her perfectly white teeth. “Dad mentioned something about it a couple of weeks ago, but I thought he was just being nasty again, so I just ignored him,” she admitted, flooring me that she hadn’t mentioned Thomas’ bullcrap. “But when you went over to talk to him Wednesday, after the fire, you guys looked a bit…chummy.” Leta let out a soft laugh. “Plus, Dad being pissed was a dead giveaway.”
I almost groaned. “Your father has no place to be pissed or anything else when it pertains to my private life,” I told her.
Her brows shot up. “You don’t have to tell me,” she quickly agreed. “With as many women as he’s entertained since the divorce, talk about being the world’s biggest hypocrite.”
Baby steps.
“We’ve…been talking more lately,” I hedged-okay, lied. I lied damnit. “He’s a nice guy.”
Leta smirked and leaned her elbows on the countertop. “Nice?” she replied. “That’s how you’re going to describe the sexy fireman next door? Nice?”
I could feel my face rush hot with shock. “Leta!” I exclaimed. “Please, do not refer to Mr. Hayes as sexy.”
The little twit laughed. “Why not?” she asked, knowing full well that she was embarrassing me. “I’m not blind, Mom. Even for an old guy, he’s pretty hot.”
Old guy?
Okay, that made me feel a little bit better. If Leta saw Sayer as an old guy, then I didn’t have to worry about my teenage daughter developing a crush on my younger boyfriend.
“If he’s old, then what am I?” I asked wryly.
Leta just laughed some more. “You know what I mean,” she replied. “He’s a grown man, Mom. And as good-looking as he is, he’s still a grown man. Like he owns a house and everything.” I sputtered out a laugh. Ah, the young.
“Well, on top of being good-looking, he’s a nice guy,” I repeated. “We’re becoming friends.”
“But you like him, right?” It wasn’t what she said that gave me pause, but the tone in her voice that had me cocking my head and regarding her.
She sounded hopeful but…scared.
“Yes, Leta,” I answered honestly. “I’m getting to know him, and so far, I like what I’ve learned.”
“Enough to date him?”
Lunch forgotten, I walked around the kitchen island and sat down next to her. “Why?”
She shrugged a shoulder. “Just curious,” she mumbled, but then I hit her with my all-knowing Mom stare, and she caved. “I liked that Dad was jealous.”
“Leta…”
Her hazel eyes turned dark and bothered, and I hated that. “He deserves it, Mom,” she said, lashing out, but not lashing out. “He deserves what it feels like to see the best thing that’s ever happened to you move on.” She was breaking my heart, and I didn’t know how to help her. “He doesn’t get to have it all.” Her voice was rising, and I knew she was getting upset. “He doesn’t get to just leave you, and carry on with an entirely new life, while still feeling safe that you aren’t going anywhere.”
“Leta, we’ve been over this. I’m not still hung up on your father,” I reminded her.
“I know you’re not, but he thinks you are, and he shouldn’t be able to think that,” she insisted. “He should have to see you with a sexy fireman who’s nice and decent.”
“Leta, though it’s sweet and awesome, you can’t continue to be mad for me,” I told her. “Especially, when I’m not mad anymore. And with or without dating Mr. Hayes, I’m happy, Leta. I really am. I…yeah, your father broke my heart, but I moved past that heartache a long time ago.” She didn’t look convinced. “Leta-”
“He doesn’t deserve to be happy, Mom!” she cried, her emotions breaking. “Why should he?” My eyes started to sting. “He tore my family apart. He broke up our family, so that he could screw around. Why should he be rewarded with happiness for that?”
“Leta, it’s not that simple-”
“But it should be, Mom,” she argued. “If you do something bad, you should have to pay for that.”
“Leta, life isn’t that black and white,” I replied, not having a clue how to have the life’s-not-fair talk with an emotional teenage girl. “People make mistakes all the time. Are you saying they should pay for those mistakes forever?”
“No,” she answered. “But then he didn’t make a mistake, Mom. He made a choice. A choice that changed both of our lives forever, and he never looked back. He’s never even apologized. That’s how selfish he is.”
“Honey-”
She jumped off the barstool absolutely livid at Thomas. “I hope you are dating Mr. Hayes and it breaks Dad’s heart!” she yelled before rushing out of the kitchen, her bedroom door slamming so hard, it made the windows shake.
I let the tears fall and felt pummeled by the helplessness I was feeling at not being able to help my child. What had struck me the most, though, was how she had said that Thomas has never apologized to her. Did that mean they’ve never even discussed what he’d done beyond the very first time when it had been happening? Has he really not spoken to her about what had happened and her feelings about it all?
I wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt because he really has always been a good father, but then I realized that I kept basing that off when we’d all been a family. I really had no idea what kind of father he’s been these past three years. I assumed that only our relationship had changed and not his and Leta’s, but I was seeing just how wrong I might have been.
I did a mental review of all the alcohol in the house because I was kidnapping Karma tomorrow and we were going to drink this crap day away.
I was probably going to need more alcohol.
Chapter 16
Sayer~
This adulting crap was complicated. More so when other people just wouldn’t butt out of your business. Case in point, I was staring at my phone as it asked me to accept a conference call with my brothers. I clicked accept, even though I knew this couldn’t be good.
“How in the fuck are you getting married and haven’t told Mom yet?” Gideon asked in lieu of a greeting.
Nathan was shaking his head. “Are you insane?”
I stared at both my brothers’ faces on my screen. “What are you talking about?” I haven’t spoken to Nathan since he called when he was in Chicago, and I’d only spoken to Gideon when he had called to thank me for calling our mother. Oh, and to also tell me to quick being a dick and to call her more often.
“I got a text message from Jake telling me to save-the-date,” Gideon explained.
Nathan snorted. “Mine said to save the entire month of April,” he said. “Who in the hell hogs an entire month to get married?”
“My text said the same thing, but I’m busy,” Gideon said. “I’m not setting aside the entire month of April. I’ve got shit to do.”
“You’re busy?” Nathan scoffed. “Baseball season is just barely getting underway in April. If anyone’s busy, it’s me.”
“Bullshit,” Gideon flung back. “Besides, does it even matter? Mom’s going to kill him for not telling her anyway.”
“You got a point,” Nathan agreed.
“I’m not getting married!” I shouted into the phone. I was going to kill Jake. We had agreed yesterday that he’d tone it down until I actually asked Monroe to marry me.
Like in a year, or so.
“Then why is Jake sending out save-the-dates?” Nathan asked. At the station, we had an emergency contact list where we all had the phone numbers of each other’s immediate family in case the worst happened, and those numbers have never been abused.
Until now.
I was going to kill Jake.
“And I got a text from Kellen, letting me know that we were going to rock-paper-scissors for Best Man,” Gideon added. “So, sounds like you’re getting married, big brother.”
I was going to kill Kellen.
“Which is bullshit, if you ask me,” Nathan remarked. “Of course, I’m going to be Best Man.”
“Says who?” Gideon barked.
“I’m the baby,” Nathan reasoned. “So, that’s-”
“I. Am. Not. Getting. Married,” I repeated. “Hear me, gentlemen. Please. I’m not getting married.” Their faces, so identical to mine and our fathers, just stared at me through my phone. “We just had our first date on Sunday. Jake and Kellen are getting ahead of themselves.”
“The sexy neighbor?” Nathan asked, and I nodded.
“It’s about goddamn time,” Gideon said sourly. “It’s only been two years.”
“Months, you asshole,” I corrected. “Two months.”
“Feels like years,” Nathan muttered.
“So, what? Are you so confident in your charms that marriage is a foregone conclusion?” Gideon asked.
“I like her a lot,” I confessed to the two people in the world who knew me best. My parents were awesome, but they were still my parents. There was always a barrier between children and their parents because they were your parents. Siblings were a different story. They weren’t handicapped by maternal or paternal instincts. They’re viewpoints were more in line with if-it-were-me.
“But does she like you?” Nathan asked. “We already know you like her.”
“I spent Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday with her,” I replied. “I’d say she likes me just fine.”
“Or she feels sorry for you,” Gideon remarked.
I flipped him off.
“So, am I saving a date in April or what?” Nathan asked, getting back to the reason for their ambush disguised as a phone call. “I need to plan this shit.”
“You still have to tell Mom,” Gideon pointed out. “Even if Sexy Neighbor hasn’t said yes to the marriage proposal, Mom’s going to flip if you haven’t told her you’re dating someone.”
“Her name’s Monroe, you jackass,” I retorted. “And today is my first day off in three days. I haven’t had a chance to tell Mom.”
“You better get your scrawny ass over there and tell her soon,” Nathan jumped in. “If she finds out from anyone else that you have a girlfriend, she’s going to kill you after Dad kills you for upsetting his wife.”
Gideon winced. “You better hope she didn’t get a save-the-month text from Jake, Sayer. You will be dead meat if she did.”
“Jesus,” I muttered. “You guys are idiots.”
Gideon’s brows flew upward. “I’m not the one who hasn’t told his mother that he’s engaged.”
“No shit,” Nathan added.
“Look, as much as I’d like to ask after only three dates, we haven’t even told her daughter about us yet,” I informed them.
“Why not?” Nathan asked. “Does she not like you, or something?”
I almost hung up on them both.
I let out a deep breath and counted to ten.
“He’s counting to ten again,” Gideon told Nathan as if I couldn’t hear the exchange.
“That’s because you’re a trying individual and hard on his patience, Gid,” Nathan replied.
“I can’t believe you are grown men in your thirties,” I muttered, rethinking ever answering a phone call from them ever again.
“You’re one to talk,” Nathan fired back. “I’m not the one scared to tell Mom I have a girlfriend.”
“That’s because no girl in her right mind would date you,” I shot back.
He gasped.
Like, seriously, gasped.
“You’re an asshole,” Gideon said, sticking up for Nathan. “And to think, we were going to save April for you.”
I hung up on them.
A full minute later I started laughing. And I laughed harder when I looked down at my incoming group text messages.

Nate: (string of laughing emojis)

Gid: We’re just fucking with u (string of laughing emojis)

Nate: Happy 4 u, Say

Gid: Yeah, happy 4 u.

Me: U guys r the worst!

Nate: The absolute worst

Gid: No argument from me

Me: Thanks, guys.

Nate: LUG

Gid: LUG

Me: Yeah, yeah, yeah, LUG, 2

I had no problem telling my brothers I loved them, but LUG (short for Love U Guys) was easier and felt less vagina-like. Then I thought about what they said, and instead of calling my mother, I decided to go visit her.
This conversation needed to take place face-to-face.
Chapter 17
Monroe~
Pretty sure I was in loke. You know, that place where your emotions hovered between love and like. That’s where I was. Though, Karma was sitting across from me telling me I was lying to myself. But we were deep into two bottles of wine, so how astute were her observations anyhow?
Instead of forcing Leta to come out of her room and talk about her emotions like a good parent, I had let her stew until she had come out on her own, only to inform me she had wanted to go the movies with Jennifer, then go hang out with their mutual friend, Sabrina. Guilt and confusion had led me to say yes, and desperation and confusion had led me to hold Karma here hostage until I found all the answers to the Universe at the bottom of these damn wine bottles.
Karma had texted her husband to let him know this was an S.O.S. sort of emergency, so he had taken control of the Merrill household, and we were buzzed as shit at my house.
Ah, good times.
“Even if I do talk to him, Karma, who’s to say he’ll take me seriously?” I asked her. “If he hasn’t had a conversation with Leta about all this by now, who’s to say he ever will?”
“Sounds like she wants an apology more than she wants to talk the subject to death,” Karma replied. “I mean, what’s there to talk about? It’s over between you and Thom-ass, and Leta knows it. Her emotions aren’t from wanting you guys back together. I think she really thinks Thom-ass doesn’t care about how much his actions hurt her. Maybe she really just needs to hear him apologize.”
“She wants him to hurt,” I told her. “She said as much.”
“She said that?”
“Yeah,” I nodded. “She said she hopes I’m dating Sayer and that it breaks Thomas’ heart to see us together.”
“You’re going to have to encourage them or her to get counseling, Mon,” she said. “Whether it repairs her relationship with her father or not, she needs to talk to someone. She needs somewhere safe to purge all the hate she has in her heart for Thom-ass and this situation.”
I downed the last of the wine in my glass and poured another one. “I hadn’t thought of it like that before. Whenever I thought about counseling, I pictured it for the both of them, together,” I admitted. “I never considered individual counseling for Leta only.”
Karma shrugged a shoulder before pouring herself another glass of wine. “There’s also a chance that if counseling for them is suggested by a certified doctor of the mind instead of his ex-wife, Thom-ass would actually consider going with Leta,” she offered. “It’s worth a shot.”
“Maybe,” I conceded.
“All I know is that you have to get this shit cleared up before the wedding,” she said, another gulp of wine under her belt.
I laughed. “I don’t think his co-worker was serious.”
Her blonde brows drew down. “Why not?” But before I could answer, she added, “More to the point, why wouldn’t you want to marry that man?”
I laughed. “Oh, I don’t know. Maybe the crashing and burning of my first marriage?”
Her pretty face still looked confused. Karma really was the perfect blonde hair/blue eyes beauty next door. “You said he had a nine-inch dick,” she exclaimed. “Does Thom-ass?” She scoffed. “That average-sized dick asshole did you a favor by divorcing you. Had it not been for him being a complete snatch napkin, you would never have known a nine-inch dick. For three nights in a row.”
Okay, so sue me. The wine has made me a little loose-lipped.
I shook my head. “I never should have told you about the size of his dick,” I grumbled. “That’s private.”
Karma cocked her head. “You know the size of Vernon’s dick,” she pointed out.
My eyes rounded. “But I had never asked to know that piece of information,” I reminded her. “You just clubbed me over the head with that detail one night.”
“Can you blame me?”
“Yes, Karm, I can,” I retorted. A few years back, when I had still been with Thomas, I had called Karma to help me redecorate our home office and she had overshared by telling me she was out of commission because she had finally given up the ass, and the soreness from sitting on a cucumber-sized cock was no joke.
I still blush every time Vernon serves salads with cut-up cucumbers at their barbecues.
“Look, cocks aside, you’re fucking glowing, Monroe,” she said. “That’s love.”
I shook my head. “It’s called getting laid after three years, Karm,” I replied. “While I like Sayer a lot, I’m not sure it’s love. And the last thing I want to do is confuse love with lust.”
“You know why I think it’s love?” she asked, and I nodded. “Because you’re not a bumbling idiot around him anymore.”
I almost spit my wine out. “What?”
“He’s made you comfortable to be around him, Mon,” she said. “I’ve been sitting here listen to you talk about Leta and Sayer, and it sounds like the real you again. Leta’s challenging, but you’ve always been a good mother with her.” She shrugged. “As for Sayer, this entire time you haven’t mentioned his age or yours. You haven’t mentioned appearances like most women our age do. And not to rag on you, but considering what that man looks like, most women would be worried about the tracks of age.” Karma reached out and squeezed my arm before grabbing her glass again and taking another drink. “You feel comfortable and confident around him. It sounds like you feel safe, and that’s big when considering what that jerkface, Thomas, did to you.”
“It’s too soon for love,” I argued. “No matter how much all that might be true, we’ve only spent three days together, Karma. Three.”
“Love had no timeline, Monroe,” she chided. “You know this.”
“Even if I were in love with him, he’s yet to propose or even tell me he loves me,” I pointed out, the wine really hitting the spot.
She snorted, the wine already doing its damage with her. “Pretty sure you’re wrong there, Mon,” she replied. “If he wasn’t in love with you, why would he ask you to marry him?”
“He hasn’t asked me to marry him,” I repeated.
“He had to have,” she insisted. “How else could there be a wedding being planned if he hasn’t asked you?” I knew we’d had enough when her crazy words started to make sense.
Before I could mull her words over in my buzzed head some more, my phone dinged with a text message.

Sayer: Miss u.

I turned my phone towards Karma. “He misses me.”
Her eyes rounded. “Is he working?”
I shook my head. “No. Today is his first day off on this rotation,” I told her. “He’s back to work on Tuesday.”
She looked at her watch. “Give me your phone,” she demanded.
“No,” I scowled. “Why?”
“Goddamn it,” she growled, and snatched it from my hand. I watched as her fingers flew across the screen at record pace.
“What are you doing? What did you do?” I asked, snatching my phone back. When I looked at my texts, I almost fell off my chair.

Me: Cum over and prove it.

My eyes flew towards her, and she was already on the phone with Vernon. “I’m drunk,” she announced. “I need you to come and get me, please. And while I pass out, I need you to take the kids to Sequoia’s.” Sequoia’s was an arcade that catered to older kids, and it was Leta’s and Jennifer’s favorite place to go.
Karma was the fucking best. But before I could tell her so, my phone dinged again.

Sayer: Leaving my parents’ house now.

Karma hung up her phone and grinned at me. “What’d he say?”
“He’s on his way over,” I replied, grinning like a drunken loon.
She pointed a finger at me. “That smile, right there, is what tells me you’re already in love with the guy, Monroe.” It was on the tip of my tongue to automatically deny it, but I couldn’t. I had no idea what I was feeling.
But if it was love, I’d know it soon enough.
Chapter 18
Sayer~
Pretty sure I was in love. Like full-blown, can’t-stop-thinking-about-her, ain’t-no-sunshine-when-she’s-gone, actually-letting-Jake-plan-our-wedding in love with Monroe Stewart. I was pretty sure I was in love with her best friend, Karma, too.
When I had arrived at Monroe’s Saturday, she had drunkenly informed me that Karma was keeping Leta occupied, so that we could get in a quickie. I’d had some serious reservations about screwing Monroe while she’d been drinking, but she had gotten me to comply by explaining that it would only be taking advantage of her if we hadn’t already fucked. I hadn’t necessarily agreed with that viewpoint, but I was a weak man when it came to Monroe Stewart. Our quickie had turned into two hours of hard, rough fucking before Monroe had sobered up completely and threw me out of her house because Leta would be home soon.
Now it was only goddamn Wednesday, and I wasn’t going to be able to see her until Saturday at the neighborhood barbecue, where I was hoping we’ll be able to come clean with everyone. This whole keeping our relationship a secret was killing me.
“Hayes!” I turned when I heard Demarcus’ voice. “You got a visitor.”
My stomach dipped at the idea that Monroe might be visiting me at work. I mean, who else could it be? I suppose it could be Gideon or one of my parents, but they’d call or text first to make sure I wasn’t busy.
When I walked out of the recreation room, I found motherfucking Thomas Burns standing near the man-door of the truck garage.
What. The. Fuck?
I walked towards him, my stomach dipping for another reason altogether. When I stopped in front of him, I made sure I was clear on where I stood. “Is Monroe okay?”
Thomas scowled. “Well…yes. Why wouldn’t she be?”
I was a couple of inches taller than Thomas and I enjoyed that like an insecure teenage jerk. “Well, I can’t see any other reason why you’d be here unless something was wrong with Monroe.” Which reminded me, we were going to have to update our emergency contact lists. A little too soon? Maybe. But then it was too soon to plan a wedding, but that wasn’t stopping anyone.
Thomas bristled as he straightened to his full height-which was two inches shorter than I was-and replied, “I came here to tell you to stay away from my family.”
I barked out a laugh.
I couldn’t help it.
Was this dude for real?
And just to be an asshole…“Well, seeing as how we’re neighbors, that’d be kind of hard,” I smirked.
He arched a brow, and it worked for the CPA in him. “You know damn well what I mean.”
My grin could only be described as condescending. “Oh, you mean you want me to stay away from Monroe? Because the last time I checked, you didn’t have a family. You have a daughter.”
“A daughter who would love to see her parents back together, and your interest in Monroe is threatening that,” he replied, and it was a wonder I was still on my feet.
This asshole had to be joking right now.
He had to be.
“The only thing threatening you ever getting Monroe back is you,” I scoffed. “With or without me in the picture, Monroe would never take you back after what you did to her and Leta.”
His face colored a bit. “You don’t know that,” he argued. “And even if that were the case, I’d like to find out without any interference from you.”
“Well, that’s just too fucking bad,” I snapped. “I don’t know if you’re underestimating my intelligence, or overestimating yours, but we both know you don’t want Monroe back. This is a simple case of you not wanting her, but not wanting anyone else to have her, either.” I stepped up to the asshole. “Well, I’ve got news for you, Thomas. Someone else does have her now. Me. And you better believe I have your ex-wife every fucking chance I get.”
“Oh, that’s classy,” he shot back. “Is that how you talk about your women? Is that how Monroe deserves to be referred to?”
I was going to fuck this asshole up.
My teeth were clenching so hard, it was a wonder I could get the words out at all. “Are you seriously daring to stand there and talk to me about how Monroe deserves to be treated? Are you fucking serious?”
“At least I never talked about her like she was just a piece of ass,” he snapped.
“No. You just decided one day that you no longer loved her or wanted to be with her, so you just walked away like a fucking coward,” I seethed. “And now you’re pissed that she’s finally moved on because, deep down, you know you walked away from a good thing.”
“Look, I’m not here to discuss my mistakes with you,” he replied. “I’m here to tell you to stay away from Monroe. Let me and her work our shit out. And if you can’t do it for me, do it for Leta.”
I was thirty-five years old, and I was pretty sure I’d never been this pissed off in my entire life. I’ve been angry, and growing up with two brothers, we’ve been in our fair share of fights with people and each other. But I’ve never been this furious before.
Never.
“I’m not going anywhere, Thomas,” I told him. “You can spin your words any way you want to try to manipulate me into bowing out, but it’s not going to happen.”
“You-”
“I love Monroe,” I said, the words sounding right and natural on my lips. “I love her in a way you never did, and I’ll be goddamned if you think I’m walking away from her just so you could have a second chance with her. Especially, since we both know you’re only doing this because you don’t like knowing that she’s moved on to smarter, stronger, younger, and better.”
“You’re wrong,” he lied. “You’re wrong, and even if you don’t back down, that doesn’t mean I’m going to. I’m fighting for my family. You’re just fighting for a piece of ass.”
I had him slammed up against the wall before either of us knew it. “They’ll never be able to pick up all the pieces if you ever talk about Monroe like that again,” I seethed.
There were shouts and the thunder of footsteps all around us, and seconds later, my body was being pulled off his. “Hayes!” Leonard yelled. Carl, Demarcus, and Lance were pushing Thomas back, while Leonard, Kellen, Jake, and Garrett were holding me back, locking me between the firetruck and their bodies.
Kellen’s head was swiveling between me and Thomas. “What the fuck is going on?”
I jerked my chin towards Thomas, anger boiling in my veins, and every ounce of testosterone in my body threatening to break free and fuck Thomas up. “That’s Monroe’s ex-husband,” I gritted though my teeth.
“Fuck,” Kellen hissed.
“Okay,” Jake hollered. “I think it’s time for you to go, Monroe’s ex-husband.”
Feeling safe with a wall of firefighters between us, Thomas yelled, “This isn’t over!”
“You’re right!” I yelled back. “It’s not!”
Kellen was patting my chest, trying to calm me down. “Relax man,” he said. “Don’t let him get to you.”
I watched as Carl, Demarcus, and Lance escorted Thomas from the building, but the guys didn’t let me go until we could hear the obvious signs of Thomas’ car driving away. But even then, it was still a couple of minutes later that the guys finally let me go.
“What in the fuck was that all about?” Lance asked.
“He came here to tell me to back off because he wants Monroe back,” I told them, my chest still heaving, my mind still racing.
“Fuck that shit,” Kellen snapped.
“Wow,” Carl muttered.
“He’s gone now,” Leonard said. “Let’s all calm down.”
But before I could lie and tell them all that I was calm, Jake lost his shit. “Fuck that, Leonard,” he bit out. “That asshole is not ruining our wedding.” Then he stormed off after shutting us all the fuck up.
“I need a fucking drink,” Garrett muttered before following Jake.
The rest of the guys hovered around to make sure I wasn’t going to do anything stupid like go after Thomas. I glance around at all the concerned faces, and actually felt touched. “I’m fine, guys.” No one said a word. “Seriously. I’m fine.”
“You’re lying,” Kellan accused.
“That I am,” I agreed.
Chapter 19
Monroe~
Can’t say I saw this coming.
I stood in my doorway looking up at a very angry, but sexy Sayer Hayes. It was a little past six, and while Leta had taken off to help a student with some late tutoring, I knew Sayer stayed at the firehouse during his rotations on.
“What are you doing here?” I asked, surprised as hell.
Instead of answering, he asked, “Is Leta home?”
I shook my head. “No. She went to help out a student with some late tutoring for a test tom-” Sayer’s lips slammed down on mine, stopping my explanation of Leta’s whereabouts.
And what’s more surprising?
When Sayer’s hand slid into my hair as he backed me into the house. It had been a long day, so I was still in my work blouse and skirt, but those were quickly discounted as Sayer’s big, rough hands ripped my blouse down the middle, sending buttons flying everywhere.
“I fucking need you,” he growled against my lips. “You’re mine, Monroe. You’re fucking mine.”
Okay.
Not sure what was going on here, but it was hard to think when Sayer was attacking me.
And he was attacking me.
“Sayer-”
“No,” he bit out as his hands found my thighs, and he was lifting me, slamming my back up against the wall. “You’re mine. Say it, Monroe,” he demanded, his lips still against mine. “Fuck.”
“I’m yours,” I said, the words sounding right and real.
“Take me out, baby,” he demanded as the wall took the brunt of my weight. “Take me out, so I can fuck that tight pussy hard and deep.” I moaned and did as he asked.
While I was struggling to unbutton his jeans, his right hand was ripping at the lace underneath my skirt. When I heard the fabric tear, my body started leaking its arousal. No one has ever wanted me this desperately before, and it was an addicting feeling to feel this from Sayer.
As soon as I freed him, he took his dick from my hands, guided it to my center, and pushed in, making my head fall back and cracking against the wall. “Oh, God…”
Sayer’s big hands dug into my thighs as my arms wrapped around his neck. “Your cunt always feels so tight around me, baby,” he grunted. “I’ll never get enough of you or your tight pussy.”
“Harder,” I begged. “Please…”
His hips crashed into mine, causing the front door to shutter against my back with the force of his thrusts. “I want this every night, Monroe,” Sayer growled against my neck, his lips and teeth marking me and making me flood his cock.
No one’s ever marked me so visibly before.
No one has ever been this animalistic with me.
I felt fucking wanted.
“Sayer, oh, God…”
“That’s it, baby,” he rasped out, his voice dark and urgent. “Cum all over me. Flood my cock.” His dirty demands were making it happen. “Give it to me, Monroe. Give me everything, baby.”
“I’m cumming,” I whimpered, the force of the wave stealing the strength in my voice. “Sayer…” He grunted and growled, and his fingers dug into my flesh so hard, my nails dug into the skin at the base of his neck.
This was unlike anything we’d done before. I wasn’t sure where this was coming from, but my body exploded in a kaleidoscope of explosive colors as I came all over him. Nothing mattered but how my body was gripping his. Not work. Not any bills. Not Thomas. Not even the possibility of Leta coming home early.
Nothing. Else. Mattered.
And before my body could adjust to the tremors of my release, Sayer was slamming into me almost violently, causing pictures to fall off the wall, crashing to the floor. “You’re mine, Monroe,” he snarled as I felt him expand right before flooding my body with his release. The intensity and violence of his siege on my body causing me to cum again in a way I never knew was possible.
This was what Heaven must feel like.
This was what Hell must feel like, too.
“Sayer…” I breathed out, spent and confused.
“Monroe…” he whispered against my neck.
We stayed like that for a couple of minutes before exhaustion claimed us both, and he could no longer hold me up. Sayer placed me back on my feet, and once I was solid on my feet, he went to putting his dick back in his pants and I bent down to pick up my torn panties. When he plucked them out of my hand and stuffed them in his pocket, I finally asked what was going on.
He surprised me when he asked, “When are we going to tell Leta?”
My head reared back a bit. “What?”
“I’m tired of hiding this, Monroe,” he said. “I want to tell Leta, so we don’t have to sneak around. So that I don’t have to wait a fucking week to see you.”
I blinked up at him. I understood where he was coming from because I hated going so long without seeing him, too, but I wasn’t understanding this. “I don’t like it, either,” I told him. “But…well, this is still so new, Sayer. We-”
“But that’s the thing,” he said, cutting me off. “It’s not new. Not to me.” What? “I’ve liked you for months, Monroe. I’m not testing you out. I’m not…dating you to see where this goes. I already know I want you for the long haul.”
“Sayer, where is all this coming from?”
His electric blue eyes bore into mine. “Thomas came by the firehouse today,” he said, further surprising the hell out of me. “He told me to back off because he’s going to try to get you back.”
My eyes widened. “What?”
“He said he wants you back,” he repeated.
“And you think I’d do it?” I asked incredulously. “You actually think I’d take him back?”
“No,” he snapped. “But that doesn’t change the fact that as long as you’re hiding me from Leta, you’re not as serious as I am.”
His words were like a punch to the chest. “That’s not true, Sayer.”
“She’s fifteen, Monroe, not five,” he said, and the attack felt real.
My voice had frosted over, but that couldn’t be helped. “I’m very aware of how old my daughter is, Sayer. But last I checked, I was still responsible for her emotional and physical wellbeing while she’s fifteen all the way until she’s eighteen. And because I’m not a shit parent, for many, many years after that as well.”
He crossed his arms over his chest. “Or is it because I’m the rebound?” he asked harshly, and I couldn’t believe my ears.
“What?” I asked, not recognizing my own voice.
“The rebound?” he repeated. “You’re going to let me break you back in, but the seriousness will come later when you meet a guy closer to your age and more to your liking.” And that’s how I knew Karma had been right.
I had to be in love with Sayer Hayes or else this conversation wouldn’t be hurting so much.
“Get out,” I told him, my voice steady, in no way exposing the hysteria about to take over.
His arms dropped to his sides, and he reached for me. “Monr-”
I flinched and jumped back. “Get. Out.” I hissed. “Get out of my house, Sayer.”
“Monroe-”
Pointing towards the front door, my words were screams, this time. “Get out of my house!”
His face blanched and I could tell he knew he’d just fucked up big time. “Baby-” I shook my head at him, heartbreak really threatening to erupt and humiliate me, and I was tired of being humiliated in front of men who were supposed to care about me.
I might be in love with Sayer Hayes, but I wasn’t going to be stupid about it like I had been with Thomas.
Never. Fucking. Again.
“Get out, Sayer,” I said, stopping whatever bullshit apology he was on the verge of giving. “Get. Out.” I wasn’t sure what he saw on my face, in my eyes, but he gave me a tight nod and I could feel my lungs begin to function again.
His hand on the doorknob, he paused, his back towards me. “I’ll give you some space,” he said. “But we’re not done here, Monroe.”
I didn’t respond as he walked out the door. I mean, what was there to say?
No way was I doing this shit again.
Chapter 20
Sayer~
Can’t say I saw this coming.
I mean, I’ve fucked up before in my life before, but nothing on this scale. Or, maybe, nothing’s ever mattered to me like this before.
After Monroe had kicked me out of her house yesterday, I had gone back to the firehouse and it was a good thing we hadn’t had any alarms because I wouldn’t have been good to no one. I had fucked up and I knew it.
I also knew I had fucked up big time.
This wasn’t a little misunderstanding that could be fixed by a couple of beers and the willingness to listen. This was the aftereffects of me being a possessive asshole who had reacted to Thomas’ threats, even after telling myself that he wasn’t a threat to me and Monroe.
Even after Monroe telling me he wasn’t a threat.
Monroe had put him below the rank of the sexy UPS guy, and I hadn’t heard her. I had felt threatened enough to go over to her house, fuck her like it was our last time, insult her intelligence, and criticize how she was raising her kid.
I was such a fucking asshole.
“Come on, man,” Kellen said. “She’ll come around.”
“I can’t believe I let that asshole get inside my head,” I grimaced. “I knew better. I know better.” We were sitting on the back of one of the trucks, all the guys knowing I fucked up yesterday. When I had returned to the firehouse, I wasn’t embarrassed to admit I had been a fucking mess.
“This is the first time you’ve ever been in love,” Kellen remarked. “Cut yourself some slack.”
I let out a dark laugh. “Yeah. I’m sure Monroe really cares about that.”
“Everett!” Leonard called for Kellen, so he slapped me on my shoulder and went to go see what Leonard needed.
My solitude hadn’t lasted long though, as Daria’s voice hit my ears. “Trouble in paradise?” Again, with a station the size of ours there were no secrets. My attitude has been mean and sullen, so that was a dead giveaway, too. And while my life was none of Daria’s business, even if Monroe and I weren’t having problems, it was time to make shit clear between us since she hadn’t taken my earlier hint.
I stood up and looked down at her. “Look, Daria, I’ve never had a problem with you before. You’re a good station assistant and you know your shit. But I’ve already told you that my personal life is none of your business.”
“All that attitude just because I’m concerned?” she asked with false sincerity.
“No. Because you’re not concerned,” I corrected her. “You play up your act because you think there’s a chance that I’ll let you ride my dick, but there isn’t. Even if I did find you attractive, I’m not into open buffets. And since you’ve already fucked Carl and Jake, that’s a no-go for me. Not to mention you actually had the nerve to hit on Lance, knowing he’s married and very much in love with his wife.” Her face turned pink. “At the end of the day, whether I have a girlfriend or not, I’m not interested you, Daria. Quit embarrassing yourself and wasting my time trying to force something to happen between us, because it’s not. Ever.”
“You don’t have to be an asshole about it, Sayer,” she snapped.
My brows shot up. “Because I’m being honest? Because you have no problem dicking down the firefighters as long as we don’t talk about it and you can pretend you don’t?” I let out a dark laugh. “If you’re going to be a slut, at least be a proud one, Daria.” She went to swing, but I was quicker than she was, and stepped out of the line of fire.
“You bastard!” she screeched.
I stared down at this pretty woman who was ugly on the inside and knew I wasn’t going to be able to work here anymore. As the firehouse’s assistant, she was responsible for our lives just as much as we were. She kept us organized. She made sure we had everything we needed. She made sure none of our equipment was faulty. She basically took care of us.
But now that there’s been a line crossed between us, I didn’t trust her to check after my stuff. I couldn’t trust that she wouldn’t take her ridiculous crush and humiliating rejection out on me, possibly costing me my life or the life of someone else. I wasn’t going to ask Chief to get rid of her, but I was going to have to request a transfer, and when he asks me why, I wasn’t going to lie. And that drama with Monroe and the building inspection was enough to back up my claims.
There was also the fact that me and Monroe weren’t over. Sure, I fucked up. Sure, she was pissed as fuck at me. And, yeah, she deserved to make me suffer. But we weren’t over.
No way in hell.
So, with that, there was no way I’d continue to work with a woman who kept making a play for me, no matter how many times I’ve rejected her. I’d lose my mind if Monroe went to work every day with a guy who kept trying to get her into bed.
Lose. My. Fucking. Mind.
And trust between us was more important than it was with most other couples. Monroe’s been hurt in the worst way imaginable. The man she had planned to spend the rest of her life with just decided he hadn’t wanted her anymore and had moved on. The second she had hit me with those details, I knew that if I wanted to be with Monroe, I’d have to work extra hard to keep her feeling safe with me. That’s why this fuck-up was doubly hard.
Looking down at a seething Daria, I knew I’d give up anything for Monroe.
“I might be a bastard, but I’m not a lying one,” I said before turning my back on her. I needed to go get some air.
I stormed out of the side door, ready to pace the parking lot, wishing I smoked or something, when Garrett’s voice called to me. “Hayes!” I turned around and he was walking towards me. “I just-”
“Sayer!”
I was about to crack, I swear to God.
Daria was running up to me, passing Garrett up. “Sayer, hold up.”
“Hayes, man-”
Daria’s head turned back. “Just give us a second, Garrett,” she said. “Please.”
“But-”
“What do you want, Daria?” I asked once she was standing in front of me.
“I just wanted to say I’m sorry,” she said, surprising me.
“What?”
“Hayes, man-” I put my hand up, so Garrett could give me time to tell Daria to fuck off again.
“I just wanted to say I’m sorry,” she repeated, but then my entire body went into shock as Daria threw her arms around my neck, pressed her body to mine, and kissed me on the goddamn lips.
“Goddamn it!” Garrett hissed.
“What the fuck?” That was Kellen’s voice.
I jerked back to reality and pushed Daria away from me. “Are you fucking-”
“Sayer!” Kellen yelled, and I was drowning in a bout of confusion so severe, I had no fucking idea who to address.
“What?!” I yelled as I watched Kellen and Garrett rushing towards me, both men looking pissed. Then tires screeching against asphalt grabbed my attention, and I turned just in time to see Monroe’s car speeding out of the parking lot.
My chest felt like it’d been kicked in, and my knees almost buckled.
When all the pieces started falling in place, I whirled around on Daria. “You fucking bitch!” Garrett and Kellen had me in their hold, and I let them because it was scary how angry I was at this female standing before me. This was the first time in my life I’ve ever wished harm on a woman.
“What’s going on?!” Chief roared, coming out of the side door, the sound of booted feet telling me he wasn’t alone.
“I’m fucking done!” I spat.
Chief was standing in front of me now, and I noticed Daria had stepped back, hovering near the firehouse building. “What’s going on?” he repeated.
“I’m putting in a transfer,” I told him, my voice straining with the need to call Daria every name in the book.
“What?” he balked. Then his head swiveled around. “What in the fuck is going on here?!”
I shook Kellen and Garrett off, passed a quiet Daria and dumbfounded Lance, Jake, and Demarcus, and headed towards my locker. I needed my car keys, and I didn’t care if it was a dick move to walk off my shift, leaving my family shorthanded. If I stayed, I’d kill Daria.
If I stayed, I’d lose Monroe.
And I needed Monroe.
I needed her more than I needed anything else in the world.
Chapter 21
Monroe~
You have got to be kidding me.
I was staring at Thomas who was standing on my porch and wondered what I’d ever done to deserve this goddamn bullshit.
It was Saturday morning, and the annual neighborhood summer kickoff barbecue was starting, and Thomas was standing on my front porch.
“What in the hell, Thomas?” I hissed.
“This is Leta’s house, too,” he said. “I thought she’d enjoy the barbecue.”
God, he was such a manipulating bastard.
“So, why didn’t you just leave her with me and pick her up this evening if you were so concerned with her hanging out with her neighbors and friends?”
“I’m ready,” Leta announced from behind me. “This is awesome. I thought I was going to have to miss it this year.” Thomas lifted a smug brow.
We exited the house and made our way down the porch steps. It looked like we were attending as a family, and I resented how that worked out for Thomas. As upset as I was at Sayer, I believed him about Thomas showing up at the firehouse, and I was not going to play this game. I also found I was mad at Thomas in a way I hadn’t been in years. I thought I had purged my anger for Thomas Burns a long time ago, but him showing up at Sayer’s firehouse to warn him off me had really pissed me off. That was the reason I had managed to calm down last night, long enough to know I needed to talk with Sayer. Kicking him out of my house was not the way to give anyone closure.
Then I saw some girl kissing him.
I took a deep breath, really beginning to believe that maybe I wasn’t cut out for relationships and all the dynamics that came with them. If I couldn’t see the signs, then I had a husband leaving me after fifteen years together. If I could see the signs, then I was fighting with a boyfriend who clearly had other options.
I couldn’t fucking win.
As soon as we hit the street and we were one block over, Leta spotted Christine Mason, the daughter of our across-the-street neighbors, and they were off gossiping like only teenage girls could. The only problem with that was that it left me and Thomas walking towards the crowd together.
With Leta out of earshot though, I hit Thomas up. “Did you really go to the firehouse to confront Sayer, Thomas?”
He didn’t bother to deny it. “I told you we needed to talk,” he replied.
“We have nothing to talk about,” I hissed, as we approached my neighbors. “It’ll be a cold day in Hell before I’d even entertained the idea of working things out with you, Thomas.”
“Neighbors!” Kerry Florence greeted, casting a curious glance at Thomas. “Welcome!”
“Hi, Kerry,” I greeted. “Leta wanted to be here for this, so Thomas was kind enough to share his time with her to be here.” I wanted no confusion as to what Thomas was doing here.
Her face beamed. “Oh,” she gushed. “That’s so sweet.” She hooked her arm in Thomas’ and started leading him into the throng of neighbors. “Well, I can introduce you to everyone. You’ll have so much fun.” My lip twitched with how overboard Kerry was being, but her motives became glaringly obvious when we stopped in front of a man so stunning, I almost swallowed my tongue.
Well, hello.
“Reggie, I’d like you to meet Monroe Stewart,” she said, introducing us first, even though she had Thomas right next to her.
Reggie turned my way, and his smile was melt-worthy. He was about six-foot with a fit built and looked to be in his mid-forties. He had dark brown hair and matching dark brown eyes, and his complexion resembled smooth, chocolate silk.
He reached out to shake my hand. “Reggie James,” he said, and his voice matched the smoothness of his skin.
Oh. My. God.
“Monroe Stewart,” I mumbled like a tool because Kerry had just told him my name. But I guess this just proved I was a bumbling idiot when it came any hot guy, and not just Sayer Hayes.
As soon as Reggie The God (although I was pretty sure that wasn’t the name on his birth certificate) let go of my hand, Thomas reached out and made a fool of himself. “Thomas,” he said, introducing himself. “I’m Monroe’s husband.”
Reggie’s brows shot up, but then Kerry came to my rescue and I wanted to kiss the woman. “You mean, ex-husband,” she clarified, then looked over at Reggie. “They’re divorced, but still get along famously for their daughter, Leta.” And I was surprised Kerry wasn’t placing me on a prize stool to present me to Reggie. Her matchmaking was so obvious, but sweet in a weird overstepping kind of way.
And who wouldn’t want to be matched with Reggie? I mean, just look at the man.
“You, you jerk,” my conscience whispered inside my head. “Just because you’re mad that doesn’t mean you’re no longer in love with Sayer Hayes, hoe.”
And do you know what happens when you say the Devil’s name?
The bastard appears.
But in this case, he was in the form of Sayer Hayes.
Kerry let go of Thomas’ arm and welcomed Sayer into the fold. “Oh, Sayer,” she greeted. “It’s so good to see you could make it.” Oblivious to the tension all around, she introduced him to Thomas and Reggie. “Thomas, Reggie, this is one of our neighbors, Sayer Hayes.” She looked over at Thomas and I almost laughed. “He actually lives right next door to Monroe and Leta.”
Reggie shook Sayer’s hand, but neither Thomas nor Sayer had made any attempt to shake hands. Everyone could feel the tension, except Kerry. Even Reggie smirked a bit when he, very astutely, took in the situation.
Those dark eyes of his flicked my way. “Kerry’s told me a lot about you, Monroe,” he said, and I swear there was a twinkle in his eye. My eyes narrowed, and if I didn’t know better-and I didn’t because I didn’t even know the man-I’d say he was a little shit stirrer.
Before I could comment, Leta came bouncing into the crowd, and Kerry carried on with her introductions. “Leta, honey, I’d like you to meet Reggie James,” she said. “Reggie, this is Monroe’s daughter, Leta.”
Take every cringe-worthy awkward teenage movie scene you’ve ever seen and multiply that by twenty, and that was where we found ourselves, ladies and gentlemen, when Leta went to shake Reggie’s hand. “Hi. It’s nice to-”
“Our daughter,” Thomas interrupted like a fool. “Leta is our daughter.” Reggie couldn’t hide his smirk that time, and I wanted the ground to swallow me up.
But before Mother Nature could do me that solid, Sayer added to the madness by saying, “Yeah, well, you’re going to have to share your daughter once Monroe and I get married.”
Kerry gasped.
I groaned.
Leta balked.
And Reggie, God bless the man, chuckled.
What. A. Goddamn. Disaster.
“So, if I asked you to dinner…” Reggie grinned.
“She’d say no since she already has a boyfriend,” Sayer answered for me, and Thomas scoffed next to me.
“Uh….” Kerry quickly rethought her decision to say something because…really? What was there to say? It looked like I had a husband, boyfriend, and a date.
“Mom, are…are all these dudes…fighting over you?” she asked, confusion lacing every word.
Then the Mom in me quickly made an appearance. “Do not refer to these gentlemen as ‘dudes’, Leta,” I chided. “They aren’t teenage boys at your high school.”
“Sorry,” she mumbled. “But…are they?”
I looked at each man; Thomas irritated, Sayer pissed, and Reggie amused.
Then I looked at my teenage daughter and told her the absolute truth, refusing to play games with these men, and taking back the reins. This wasn’t about the mistakes we made in life, this was about how we handled those mistakes and the people we wronged and who wronged us.
That’s where your integrity was born from.
I refused to let Thomas think he could do no wrong.
I refused to let Sayer think my decisions weren’t my own.
I refused to let Reggie suffer for all our stupidity.
And I refused to lie to Leta any longer.
I wasn’t sure if pure, blunt honesty was the way to go right now, but I really didn’t think things could get any more embarrassing at this point. And with Kerry having a front row seat to this nonsense, I knew there was no way to get out of this unscathed.
“No, Leta,” I told her honestly. “They are not fighting over me. That would imply that I was available for them to fight over, and I’m not.”
On the street, in the middle of a neighborhood barbecue, surrounded by dozens of people and families, you could hear a pin drop.
Her brows shot up. “No, Mom,” she replied wryly. “I’m pretty sure they’re fighting over you.”
“Oh, my,” Kerry whispered.
I placed a hand on my daughter’s arm and started rubbing it up and down. “Mr. James just met me, Leta,” I said, explaining just how wrong she was. “Ms. Florence was doing a bit of matchmaking, I do believe. Mr. James doesn’t know me and has absolutely no reason to get caught up in drama to the point of needing to fight over me.”
“I wouldn’t exactly say that,” he smirked, and when I looked over, the gorgeous man winked at me. If I didn’t die of embarrassment, Mr. Reggie James would make a great friend. He seemed like the shenanigans-type of friend. He seemed the type that would be sitting next to you in a jail cell after a night in Vegas.
Ignoring his flirty ways, I looked back at Leta. “As for your father, he’s just confused,” I told her. “He knows it’d be pointless to fight for me because he knows, deep down, he’d never win.” Her eyes flittered towards her father, then back to me. “Trust me when I tell you it’s nothing.”
Leta nodded, but then her eyes glanced over at Sayer. “What about Mr. Hayes?”
What about Mr. Hayes, indeed?
I told her the truth.
“Leta, Mr. Hayes is a young, good-looking man. He has enough options available to him that he doesn’t need to fight over a middle-aged divorcee.”
Her eyes widened sadly. “Mom-”
“Goddamn it, Monroe,” Sayer snapped. “You know-”
Ignoring and cutting him off, I turned towards Kerry. “Kerry, I appreciate that you were…uh, just trying to help, but in the future, please talk to me about…no one likes to be ambushed, Kerry.”
Her face turned red, but she nodded. “Sorry, Monroe.”
“Monroe-”
Still ignoring Sayer, I grabbed Leta by the hand. “How about we go make ourselves a plate of food?”
My daughter was far more perceptive than people gave her credit for. She knew something was going on between me and Sayer, but she chose having my back over her curiosity. “Sounds great, Mom.”
Hand-in-hand, we walked away from the foursome and made our way to mingle and eat some barbecue. My macaroni salad, spinach dip, and fried chicken had been brought out and set up earlier with the rest of the food, and the macaroni salad was Leta’s first go-to. It was one of her favorites out of all the dishes I made. With Leta already piling food on her plate, I reached for mine, but a strong, male hand latched onto my wrist before I could grab it.
I looked up and Sayer was scowling down at me. “We need to talk,” he bit out.
“No, we don’t,” I whisper-yelled. “Leave me alone, Sayer.”
“Monroe, it wasn’t what it looked like-”
“Do I look stupid?” I spat, before reining in my tone. “I’m not doing this in front of Leta.”
“Yeah, we are,” he disagreed.
A few people gathered around, and half-ass greetings were made, but having Sayer near was proving to be too much. I really did care for him, and even without that other woman, I was finding that I just didn’t have the patience for more bullshit in my life.
I didn’t want to be in a relationship where my boyfriend had to explain why another woman was in his arms.
No thanks.
I followed behind Leta in the food line and was practically walking on top of her when I felt Sayer’s heat on my back. “We need to talk,” he repeated, his words rushed out through clenched teeth.
“I’ve already told you to leave me alone, Sayer.”
Before he could reply, Leta’s voice joined in. “My mother would like you to leave her alone, Mr. Sayer,” she said. “I think you should respect that.”
My heart broke in two.
As if her father hadn’t been enough, she was witnessing another man break her mother’s heart.
Chapter 22
Sayer~
You have got to be kidding me.
Talk about underestimating just how fucked-up things could get. First Thomas, then me, then Daria, then Thomas, then Kerry and her fucking matchmaking, then Reggie being decent, then Thomas being an asshole, then Monroe, and now Leta.
Mother.
Fucker.
And I didn’t want to rush over a fifteen-year-old girl who was just trying to protect her mother from another asshole, but the odds were against me right now. I was the jerk who let Thomas get inside my head. I was the dick who had insulted and hurt Monroe. I was the idiot who hadn’t turned in a formal complaint against Daria from the beginning. I was the fool who hadn’t stalked Monroe thoroughly enough to know where Karma lived, because when I had left the firehouse yesterday, I’d had my face glue to my window for hours-fucking hours-before it had dawned on me that Leta was with Thomas this week, and so Monroe wasn’t obligated to come home at all. I had ended up going back to the firehouse, and that had been another clusterfuck.
When I had gotten back to the station, I had marched right into Chief’s office and had requested transfer papers. After calling me a stupid sonofabitch-and he had thrown an ‘ignorant jackass’ in there, too-he had demanded I sit down and tell him everything that’s been going on. So, I had.
After I’d told him everything, starting from the day of the inspection, he had informed me he had been interrogating all the guys while I’d been gone, leaving Daria for last, and that he had relieved her of her duties permanently. He had also made it clear that he was not about to lose one of his best firefighters over an administrative assistant.
He had also demanded an invitation to my wedding.
Jake was going to fucking kill me if I didn’t make this right.
I looked at Leta, and knew I had to make myself worthy in this girl’s eyes, or else I had absolutely no chance with Monroe. “Leta, I can’t do that,” I told her truthfully. “While I respect her greatly, I can’t just let her push me away without a fight.”
She paid me a small mercy and allowed us to walk away from the serving table and away from the crowd. Once we got clear of enough people, Leta said, “She wouldn’t be pushing you away if you hadn’t done something bad to her.” Talk about a jab to the nuts. “She’s had enough crap from men without you adding to it, don’t you think?”
“Leta-”
The girl looked at her mother. “No, Mom,” she said, her voice taking on an ugly edge. “It’s not okay for men to treat us like we’re disposable. They don’t get to damage us, and then clean up their mess with a pretty, little, wrapped-up-in-a-bow apology.” The fucking kid was breaking my heart. “Dad did what he did, but really has the nerve to think he deserves a second chance with you? Are you kidding me? And then Mr. Sayer wants a chance with you, but knowing how you’ve already been screwed over by your husband, he doesn’t have the compassion or just goddamn common sense not to treat you any better?”
“Whoa, hey, Leta,” I said, jumping in. “Your mom and I just had a fight. We-”
She turned on me. “My mom’s not a delicate flower, Mr. Sayer,” she snapped. “She doesn’t clutch her pearls like a 17th-century maiden. If she’s telling you to leave her alone, it’s because you lie, cheated, or put hands on her. My mom doesn’t walk away from the people she cares about just because things get hard.” The girl with balls the size of Texas stepped up to me. “So, which one is it, Mr. Hayes? What did you do to her?”
“Leta, that’s enough,” Monroe bit out. “First off, now is not the time or place for this conversation. Second, it’s irrelevant what Mr. Sayer may or may not have done. There’s no longer a relationship there.”
“Bull-fucking-shit,” I hissed out. I stepped closer to her in a sorry attempt to maintain a bit of privacy, but Monroe was right, this wasn’t the time or place. “I acted like a jealous asshole, and I’ll own that, but everything else is not my fault and just a huge misunderstanding you need to let me make right.”
Monroe’s brows shot up. “Oh, I do? And why is it you think I owe you anything, Sayer?”
“You don’t owe me anything, Monroe. But I love you.” I could hear Leta let out a rush of air. “I love you, Monroe,” I repeated. “I’m pretty sure I’ve loved you since I moved in next door, two months ago.” Her face paled, but what else did I have to lose. “And you’re in for one hell of a fight if you think I’m just going to let you end us. No way am I letting you walk away from me.”
Just then, Thomas walked up, and I almost beat the hell out of him in front of his own daughter. “People are starting to stare,” he remarked, his eyes on Monroe. “I think we need to take this inside.” And as much as I hated to agree with the prick, he was right.
Quiet as church mice, we made our way back to Monroe’s with a few polite hellos to random neighbors on the way. Once we got inside, Monroe sent Leta to her room. Leta had protested, but Monroe had broken out her mom voice and that was that.
As soon as we heard the door shut, Monroe turned to Thomas. “Look, I don’t know what is going on in that mind of yours, but whatever it is, this crap needs to stop, Thomas,” she said. “Even if I were stupid enough to believe you’ve seen the error of your ways and want me back, you are seriously stupid if you think I’d ever trust you with my heart again.” I watched as she took a deep, shuttered breath. “You’re Leta’s father, and more than anything, I’d like for us to be on the same page with her. I’m so over you, Thomas, but I have no problem getting along with you for Leta’s sake.”
“Anybody but him,” Thomas said, and fire started flickering in my gut.
Monroe smirked. “Your vanity is showing, Thomas.”
“Monr-”
“Is that what you’re going to say about the next guy? Or the guy after him? Or every guy until I find the right one?” she asked, and each word was like a stake to my heart.
“No,” I jumped in. “He won’t be saying that since there’ll be no other guys after me. I fucked up, Monroe, but I’m not walking away from what we have.”
She finally looked at me, and the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. “That’s where you’re confused,” she said. “Until Leta turns eighteen, I have to put up with Thomas’ crap because we share a child.” She lifted a brow. “I don’t have to put up with your crap.”
And now I was getting pissed.
I was taking full responsibility for screwing up, but she was shutting me out without even hearing me out first and that was fucked-up.
I wasn’t Thomas.
“Well, that’s where you’re confused,” I said, throwing her words back in her face. “You’re going to be putting up with my crap for the rest of our lives.”
“You think so?” she challenged.
I stepped to her. “I know so.”
“Hey, step back,” Thomas said, and I saw red.
I turned to face him. “What in the fuck is wrong with you?” I practically shouted. “Do I seriously have to kick your ass for you to get the picture?” I could feel myself foaming at the mouth. “Monroe is mine. Mine. Do you get that? She’s mine because you no longer wanted her. Like a fucking idiot, you gave her up. And frankly, I don’t give a fuck if you really are in love with her still or just jealous, but she is mine. And I will fuck you up every day of the week until Leta is eighteen if you keep trying to come between us.”
And then Thomas reminded me of the one thing that would never change, even if I did end up killing him. “You think you’re special?” he taunted. “You might have her now, but I’m her first serious love. I’m the man she pledged to spend her life with. I’m the man who she shares a child with who will bind us for-fucking-ever. If it hadn’t been for me walking away, Monroe would still be in love with me.” Every word he spewed was the truth and I wanted to punch him in the face for it. “She’ll never love you the way she was in love with me, because I was her first and only forever.”
I had Thomas shirt in my fists, hauling him up on his toes.
Monroe jumped in between us. “Stop it!” Monroe yelled. “Just stop it!” I let the bastard go, but I wanted to fuck him up something serious.
“He-”
“Shut up, Thomas!” she yelled at him. “Just shut the fuck up!” Looking at me, she said, “I need you to leave-”
“I’m not going any-fucking-where!” I roared.
“Sayer, I need to talk with Leta,” she snapped. “I need to talk to her about…all this crap, and I can’t do that with you and Thomas beating the crap out of each other.”
I sounded like a six-year-old when I asked, “But he gets to stay?”
She let out a deep breath. “It’s his week. He has to stay if I want to a chance to talk with her.”
Well, fuck.
Chapter 23
Monroe~
My life was officially an awful reality television show. At the very least, one episode of those horrible things.
I knew this mess was far from over. I knew Thomas and I were still going to have to talk at greater length about his mid-life crisis (because I think Leta was right about that one), our relationship, and his relationship with Leta. We couldn’t go on like this where Leta was unhappy, Thomas was lost, and I was lonely. We needed better.
I also knew I was going to have to have a serious talk with Sayer. No matter what happens between us, we were neighbors. Short of packing up and moving, we needed to handle this…fight? Break up? Whatever it was, like grown adults.
After making him leave, promising I’d be over late to talk, I had banned Thomas to the kitchen to wait until I was done speaking with Leta. I hated that he was in my house, tainting my living space, but that was the least of my worries right now.
Leta was my priority.
So, after setting Thomas up in the kitchen and threatening to unman him should he start snooping, I made my way to Leta’s room. I knocked softly, and when she gave me permission, I entered her room.
Leta was sitting on her bed, her back against the headboard, her phone in her hand, her plate of barbecue on her nightstand, untouched.
My heart ached at the sight.
I sat down on her bed, and I thanked God she scooted over to make room for me. You could never be too sure with teenagers, and I was hoping this was a sign that she wasn’t blaming me for this mess.
“So…what do you want to know?” I wasn’t going to insult her intelligence and act as if she hadn’t heard the yelling that had taken place in the living room.
Leta placed her phone on the bed beside her and looked up at me. “Are you and Mr. Hayes dating?” she asked, cutting to the chase.
I didn’t want to burden her with adult complications, so while I was pretty sure Sayer kissing another woman was a sign that I needed to cut and run, I wasn’t going to go into details about our situation. But I stuck as close to the facts as possible. “We started seeing each other the Sunday you were camping with Jennifer and her family.”
The hurt in her eyes made me feel low. “Why didn’t you tell me?” she asked, clearly feeling betrayed.
“Because it was new, Leta,” I told her. “I didn’t want to tell you until I was sure that there was something worth telling you.”
She was quiet for a long time, and she just looked so sad. Finally, she asked, “That’s why Dad’s doing all this, huh? He got jealous because this is the first time that he’s seen you with someone who isn’t him.”
I nodded. “I expected to see or know about him with other women, because he’s the one who left me. I don’t think he had prepared himself for the day that I’d finally move on. Maybe he expected me to pine after him a while longer.”
Leta’s nose scrunched up. “Then why say all that crap about you needing to date?”
“I think that was all for show,” I told her. “I don’t think he was really expecting me to. Plus, I think he was more likely looking for something to blame your relationship on.” I shrugged a shoulder. “His callous remark about you getting over our divorce one day is biting him in the ass, I think.”
“Some days, I’m so tired of being mad at him, but most of the time, I just don’t know how to not be mad at him,” she confessed. “I don’t want to be unhappy, Mom. Honest. I just…it just shouldn’t have been so easy for him to walk out on us.”
I reached over and squeezed her thigh. “Leta, your dad didn’t walk out on us,” I said softly. “He divorced me, honey. And there is a difference.”
“How do you figure?”
I let out a tired sigh. “From the moment he mentioned divorce, he insisted on fifty/fifty custody of you. He was adamant that we share you equally. He did not walk away from you, Leta. If he had, you’d only be seeing him every other weekend, or some nonsense like that.”
“Maybe he just didn’t want to pay child support,” she remarked stubbornly.
“I would concede that point if it weren’t for the fact that, while I don’t know what he’s about when you’re at his house, I do know he’s made every parent/teacher meeting. I know he’s always made sure I had all your health insurance information and updated cards. He’s always paid half, if not all, of any extra-curricular activities you’ve ever engaged in. He’s just as informed of your school academics and social activities as I am, Leta.” She still looked a bit mutinous. “Like I said before, if you want to be upset with him because he broke up your family, that’s fine. But labeling him as a horrible father for everything else is wrong, Leta. Yes, he made a selfish decision that impacted us in a huge way, but he hasn’t walked out on you. He left me, and only me.”
“I don’t know, Mom,” she mumbled, and I could appreciate her honestly.
“What do you think about counseling?” She opened her mouth to automatically object, but I stopped her. “Hear me out.” She gave me a tight-lipped nod. “I’m not talking about family counseling. I’m talking about some individual counseling with just you and someone you can freely vent to, who won’t judge or be clouded by their involvement in all this.” When she didn’t try to object again, I added, “And if you ever get to a point where you want to try family counseling, we’ll support you with that, too.”
“Even Dad?”
“I think if he knows that this is for you and not an attempt to attack his choices or make him feel guilty for those choices, he’ll be willing,” I replied, hoping I wasn’t lying to her. The truth was that I really didn’t know Thomas all that well these days. I wasn’t sure how he’d feel about the suggestion.
“Can…can I think about it?”
“Sure, honey. No rush,” I told her. “However, we really need to fix this soon. I can’t stand seeing you unhappy, Leta. It breaks my heart. It…it hurts to see you still reeling from something I’ve already moved on from.
“Speaking of moving on…”
I chuckled. “Mr. Hayes and I had a fight, Leta,” I admitted. “And whether we work it out or not, it’s going to be okay.”
“Do you like him a lot?”
I wasn’t entirely comfortable with this conversation, but I didn’t want to set her back by shutting her out. Besides, if family counseling did come into play later down the line, I was fairly certain we’ll be having a whole lot of uncomfortable conversations.
“Yes, I do,” I answered honestly. I could admit that much, even as angry and confused I was about the rest of it.
“Well, then I hope it works out,” she said. “He seems like a nice guy, and…”
I tilted my head. “And?”
Those sad hazel eyes were going to be my undoing. “And I liked the way he fought for you,” she said. “I mean…I’ve never seen that outside of movies I’ve watched. It was kind of intense.”
And it had been.
I also hadn’t forgotten how he’d told me he loved me outside before Thomas had walked up, suggesting we take our drama indoors. But the problem with being burned was that I wasn’t sure if Sayer meant it or if he was just trying to win the argument. It was an uncharitable thought, considering, deep down, I didn’t really think he was like that, but no matter how old the wound, that sucker was still there. And I wasn’t going to argue that it was too soon because I knew what I felt, and it felt a lot like love.
“Yeah, it was,” I agreed. “That’s why he and I need to talk. Figure it out.”
“Well, then me and Dad will get going,” she grinned. “That way you guys can figure it out.”
This kid.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner, Leta,” I said. “I just really wanted to be sure before saying something to you.”
“I get it, Mom,” she replied. “I…I just want you happy, too.”
I grabbed her and pulled her into my arms. “I am happy, Leta.” Her arms were tight around me. “I’m promise you, honey.”
Thirty minutes later, Leta and Thomas were walking out of the house, ready to start their week together and leaving me to deal with a cheating-maybe-not-cheating Sayer Hayes.
Lord, give me strength.
Lord, give me patience.
Lord, give me a goddamn drink.
Chapter 24
Sayer~
My life was officially an awful reality television show. Cue up the stubborn woman, the ex-husband, the nosey neighbors, the moody teenager, and a bevy of firefighters. Oh, and fucked-up nutjob who had a thing for firefighters. Can’t forget her.
Fuck.
This shit sucked, and I really wasn’t sure how much more I could take.
I had never planned on telling Monroe that I loved her in the middle of a neighborhood barbecue while her ex-husband stood by, their daughter looked on, our neighbor watched, and some stranger waited in the wings to ask her out, but that’s what happened.
Fuck.
My.
Life.
The worst part of it all was that she might have paled a bit, but other than that, she hadn’t reacted or said a goddamn thing about my declaration of love.
Not one goddamn thing.
She had given me and Thomas the what for, and had gone to see to her daughter. And while, intellectually, I knew that was the right move and what mattered most at the time, emotionally, I was a fucking mess. Monroe’s casual comment about how I had enough options that I didn’t need to fight over her told me exactly what she thought about Daria’s kiss. And every moment that passed without an explanation was a moment longer where Monroe thought I was a cheater.
I wasn’t a cheater. My last serious relationship, eons ago, had been going downhill when I had started suspecting that Amy had already moved on before finally ending things with me because my schedule had been too hard for her to deal with. Though, I’d never found a smoking gun, the sickening feeling of doubt had been enough to know that I never wanted to feel like that again. And in turn, I’d never do that to someone else.
I was about at my wit’s end when my doorbell rang, and I ran to my freakin’ front door.
Yes. Ran.
When I whipped the door open, Monroe was standing on the other side. I grabbed her by the front of her shirt and pulled her inside. I shut the door and locked it like a lunatic. Now, some people might argue that locking the door was a form of false imprisonment, while others could argue that it was a sign of love and devotion. Sure, the first group might have legal degrees and whatnot, but what were laws in the face of love?
As soon as the door was securely locked and Monroe couldn’t escape, I turned towards her and let go of her shirt, completing ignoring the look of shock splattered across her perfect face.
I took a deep breath, and then threw myself on her sword. “Everyone knew we were fighting Thursday because my mood had been shit,” I started. “I knew I was wrong for behaving like a jerk after that bullshit with Thomas, and I hadn’t bothered to hide what I’d been feeling.” Monroe’s chocolate orbs were giving nothing away, but I continued anyway. “Daria’s interest in me has never been a secret, Monroe. But then she’s not exactly picky, either. We have a great brotherhood at the firehouse, but when I had given you the rundown of my job and the men who were the most important to me, I hadn’t mentioned that Daria has slept with Jake and Carl already.” I shrugged a shoulder. “It didn’t seem relevant, and frankly, it was their personal business. If they could sleep with the same woman and see her every day and have no issues, it wasn’t my place to comment. So, even if I had found Daria attractive, I would never go there with her because I’m not a big sharer, baby.” Monroe’s face softened, but I didn’t want to get my hopes up just yet. “What really sealed the deal was when I’d heard that she had hit on Lance, knowing he was married and very much in love with his wife. I lost all personal respect for her then, even though she was a great administrative assistant.”
Monroe’s brows furrowed. “Isn’t Lance the one who’s been with his wife since they were twelve, or something?” It warmed me all over that Monroe had cared enough to pay attention to the details when we had been getting to know each other those first three days we’d spent together.
I just hoped she still cared.
I nodded. “Yeah. That’s him.”
Her nose scrunched up in distaste. “Hm,” she huffed.
“Exactly,” I agreed.
“So, then what did I witness that day?”
I stepped to her, so I was standing closely in front of her. It killed me not being near her. “She had come up to me and had started being snide and nasty. I’d already put my foot down when that disaster with the building inspection had happened, but I got even more pissed when she hadn’t taken the hint. I got nasty right back and it had gotten ugly.” Monroe winced. “It went so far as me telling her I wasn’t attracted to open buffets-”
Monroe’s eyes widened. “Sayer!” she scolded.
“I know, I know,” I replied. “But I was just in such a horrible mood, and after that shit with Thomas, Daria was just one more person trying to ruin what we had. I was just…in a very bad place at the time.”
“So…so what happened?”
“She tried to slap me, and that’s when I knew I had to get out of there,” I told her. “I stormed out of the building, and I was so goddamn furious, I hadn’t seen you or your car in the parking lot. But I found out later from Garrett that she had seen you, and so she had run up to me in the pretense of an apology, and when she got close enough, that’s when she kissed me.”
“It was one of the worst things I’ve ever had to witness,” Monroe confessed, and I really had to work hard on not wishing any ill on Daria.
“When I realized what was happening, I pushed her away, but you were already down the street.” I stepped closer, but this time, I place my hands on her arms. “It had been a mess with all the shouting and…it was just a mess. I had told Chief I was transferring, and I had left to chase you. I was home, staring out my window for hours, before it had dawned on me that Leta was with Thomas and you had no reason to come home. I didn’t know where Karma lived, so I could hunt you down, so I had ended up going back to work.” Her lips twitched, and I took that as a good sign. “I asked for my transfer because no way would I continue to work where someone was trying to undermine you by hitting on me all the time, but Chief had informed me that after interviewing everyone and finding out what was going on, he had fired Daria.” I grinned down at her. “Our new administrative assistant’s name is Russell, and he’s happily married to a female, so no possible drama there.”
“That fight-”
“Monroe, I was wrong,” I said, interrupting her. “That fight was just a fight. I was wrong, and I was going to beg for forgiveness like any man who valued his balls. Daria doing what she did doesn’t take away from the facts. Our fight was just a fucking fight, baby. I get you thought it might be more because of what you saw, but it wasn’t what you thought.” Monroe eye narrowed thoughtfully. She was absorbing everything I’d just thrown at her, and I prayed she believed me. Especially, since it was the truth.
Please, God, let her believe me.
After a few tense seconds, she asked, “What were you going to apologize for?”
“For not trusting you enough not to let Thomas get inside my head,” I admitted. “I knew you’d never go back to him after what he’d done to you, but you…”
“What? Me, what?”
“You’re always so calm with all of this,” I told her. “I was going crazy with not having you every day. I was going crazy with not telling Leta. And I was definitely going insane when Thomas talked about getting you back.” I shook my head. “And there you were, all calm and shit, and I was worried that this wasn’t as serious for you as it was for me because I couldn’t understand how you could be so damn calm while I was losing my shit.”
“It’s because I’m older and wiser, Sayer,” she said, her voice like an experienced counselor.
One…two…three…
I grabbed her around the waist and hauled her to me. Her laughter filled my house, and I felt like I could finally breathe for the first time in three damn days.
“You’re a dick.”
She laughed louder. “I was just teasing,” she lied through her bouts of mirth, but her arms were around my neck, holding onto me, and that’s all that mattered.
My face was buried in her neck, and everything felt right with the world again. “I love you, Monroe,” I breathed against her skin. “I fucking love you, baby.”
She hugged me tighter. “I hope so,” she whispered into my chest.
I wasn’t going to make a big deal about her not saying it back. She was fighting demons I’d never understand. She had obstacles in her way that I didn’t.
I could wait.
Chapter 25
Monroe~
I knew I should have said something, but the words got stuck in my throat.
It wasn’t that I didn’t love him, or that I didn’t believe him when he told me he loved me. I just wanted them said when we were clear of emotional discord. Sure, I believed him about Daria, and he was honest about how doubt had led to our fight, but the timing still didn’t feel right.
His apologizing and my accepting his apology were still a far cry from ironing out our issues, and while we didn’t have many, I still needed to talk to Thomas and get him to stop with all his nonsense. And until he did, Sayer was going to be possessive and combative. I knew this.
I stepped back from his embrace, and he didn’t look too happy about it, but we needed to talk. I walked over to his couch and sat down. When I padded the seat cushion next to me, Sayer complied and came and sat down next to me.
Once he was seated, I told him, “I told Leta we were dating.”
His blue eyes lit up. “You did?”
I nodded. “Yes, I did.” It was sweet how wide his smile got. “We talked some, and you were a part of that ‘some’ that we talked about.”
“How’d she take it?” His question was serious, but the smile on his face was still wide.
“She was a little upset that I had kept the news from her,” I admitted. “But then she said she hoped it all worked out.”
He looked positively giddy when he said, “I want to tell you ‘I told you so’ soooo badly.”
I laughed. “Yeah, well, she liked how you were fighting for us.”
Sayer snorted. “It’s not hard to figure out why.”
I smirked. “I guess she’s impressed by alphas.”
I yelped as he grabbed my hips and dropped me on his lap. “Are you impressed with alphas?” he asked, his voice deep and wicked.
I grinned. “Maybe,” I teased. “I find that I’m partial to firemen these days.”
“Fireman.”
“What?”
“You’re partial to a specific fireman is what I think you meant to say,” he replied, making me laugh. “Otherwise, you’re never allowed at the firehouse ever again.”
I put my arms over his shoulders and let my hands play with the back of his neck. “Yeah, that’s definitely what I meant to say.”
Then Sayer got serious. “I missed you, baby. You can’t be fighting with me like that.”
“Don’t behave like a jackass and I won’t. Problem solved.”
His hands tightened on my hips. “How about I just give you a good, hard dicking whenever I act like a jackass?” he suggested, heat already crawling up my spine.
“That’s not always going to be an available option with a teenage girl in the house,” I teased.
“That teenage daughter is with her father every other week,” he teased back. “I’ll just be sure to only piss you off on those weeks.”
I leaned down and kissed him.
I kissed him with all the hope I had that this was going to be something special. I kissed him like I wanted this to last forever.
When I pulled back, I looked into his eyes. “You’re not a rebound, Sayer. I-”
“Stop.”
“But-”
“That was a dick thing for me to say, Monroe,” he continued, not letting me talk. “I was feeling insecure, and I lashed out.” He pulled me higher up on his lap. “I know I’m not a rebound. There’s no way this thing between us is a rebound when I feel the way I feel.”
Then the words flew out without any warning. “I love you.”
“Oh, thank you, Sweet Jesus,” he rushed out, and the next thing I knew, I was laying on the couch with is hard, gorgeous body over mine. “Say it again,” he demanded as his hands battled the button on my jeans.
“I love you,” I said breathlessly, and it was amazing how his desperation could turn me on so much. In only a matter of seconds, Sayer had my jeans pushed down around my thighs, and he was flipping me over, so I was on my hands and knees.
My panties were the next thing to slide over my hips and thighs, and I could already feel how wet I was with knowing what was coming next. Even though it was still the honeymoon stage, I loved the way Sayer acted like he couldn’t get enough of me. I loved how he made me feel desirable. Our age difference wasn’t that big of an issue, but the way he made me feel went a long way in squashing any insecurities that might arise. Had I been a more insecure woman, I might have not believed him about Daria. Those fears of not being enough for him might have won.
“I can’t keep doing this, Monroe,” he said over the sound of the zipper and fabric of his pants. “I can’t go days without being inside you.” He had his fingers splayed over my ass as his thumb began testing my readiness. “I feel like I’m losing my mind when I’m not with you.”
“Sayer-oh, God…” Whatever I’d been about to say was cut off as he slowly sank into me, making sure I felt every inch of his hardness.
It was pure torture.
“Fuck,” he hissed behind me. “This tight cunt is the best pussy I’ve ever had, baby. Christ.” I moaned, and even though it might be a bit crass to mention other experiences while he was inside me, telling me I was the best he’s ever had sent tingles up my spine.
“Harder,” I begged.
His fingers dug into my hips and my hands curled into the cushions as his thrusts became almost violent. He was bottoming out, and in this position, I couldn’t stop him. “Like that?” he grunted. “You need every inch of my cock, baby?”
“Yes,” I cried out. “Oh, God, yes…”
“Fuck, Monroe.” His voice was tight, and I loved his animalistic growls. “Your pussy’s flooding my cock. I’ve got your cream everywhere.”
I should have been embarrassed at that. I haven’t even orgasmed yet, but I was so desperate for him, my body was already showing its appreciation. “Yeah?” I felt his left hand leave my hip, and then he did something that would never, ever had occurred to me in all my fantasies combined.
Sayer’s finger joined his cock in penetrating me, and my entire body tightened with unimaginable desire. He was already sizable enough, but adding his finger stretched me out some more. While his dick had a specific goal in mind, his finger slid in and out without any controlled direction. When he pulled his finger from my body, I’d been sure he was going to slide it in my ass, but he didn’t. I looked back over my shoulder and Sayer was bringing his fingers to his lips and I watched as he licked his fingers clean of all the arousal he had gathered from my body.
“Yeah,” he panted. “And it tastes fucking delicious, baby.”
My head dropped, and I closed my eyes with all the possibilities that just exploded in my head. Sex with Sayer was going to be limitless. There wasn’t going to be any barriers, and I was looking forward to it.
“Sayer…”
His hand was back on my hips, wet with his saliva and my wetness, and he started slamming into me harder. “What, baby? Whatever you want, Monroe, it’s yours.” His hands slid from my hips to my ass, and I could feel the cool air as he spread my ass cheeks wide. “Fuck, you look so hot taking dick.”
“Oh, God…I’m going to cum…” I whimpered.
His thrusts became more powerful, and he upped the dirty talk, knowing how hot it made me. “I’m going to make you cum all day and night, Monroe,” he promised, his breaths coming out stronger and harsher. “I’m not going to stop until you’re stuff full of my cum, baby.” And before I could agree or disagree, his hand grabbed the front of my neck, and he pulled me up against his body until I was bowed in the most deliciously uncomfortable way. His lips were near my ear when he said, “After I flood this sweet pussy, I’m going to flood that tight ass of yours next.”
I. Fucking. Came.
“Sayer!”
“Jesus Christ,” he swore, and exploded inside of me. Our orgasms were rocking the entire house, and I’d never felt anything like it before. The intensity was so much that I collapsed on the couch, and Sayer’s heavy weight followed.
When he finally rolled off me, I curled up with my face towards the back of the couch, and I had every intention of passing out where I was.
I heard a chuckle before I felt a pair of strong arms lifting me off the couch. “Come on, baby.” And I held on for the rest of the day and night.
Epilogue
Sayer~
I knew I should have said something, but then that would have ruined the surprise.
It’s been only a few weeks since Monroe and I had made up from that awful fight, but they’ve been magnificent weeks, if I do say so myself.
It started when Leta had returned from her father’s, and she and I had a serious discussion involving how I felt about her mother, and what that meant for her and her father. Leta was Team Sayer, and I’d never been so grateful to a teenage girl in all my life. Even the teenage girl I had lost my virginity to when I was fifteen didn’t have the gratitude that I had for Leta Burns and her support of my relationship with her mother.
Now, Thomas was still being a douchebag, but he was supporting Leta one hundred percent with her counseling, so I couldn’t hate on him too much. He still hated that I was with his ex-wife, but he was just going to have to get over it.
Then there was Monroe and Leta meeting my parents and Gideon. Mom had planned a family dinner, and Nathan had been right about the instant granddaughter thing. Upon introducing Monroe and Leta, Mom had gotten her granddaughter, and for an entire week afterwards, Gideon and Nathan had been sending texts, thanking me for taking the pressure off. Dad had even sent me a thank you text.
The funniest thing was when we had face-timed Nathan for introductions, and Monroe had gone all sports geek on us. Nathan had been impressed with her sports knowledge, but her love for the Dodgers not so much. And Leta hadn’t fangirled at all. She’d just been happy to meet my other brother.
Everything at the firehouse was going smoothly, too, if you didn’t count the fires. And I’d even put Monroe and Leta on my emergency contacts. All the guys had their phone numbers and vice versa. And Jake was still planning one hell of a wedding, though I’ve still to ask Monroe if she’ll marry me. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to marry her because I did, but I wanted to do this at her pace. I didn’t have any bad experiences with marriage or divorce, so there was no reason for me to be scared to take the plunge, but that wasn’t the case with Monroe. Baby steps, here.
Besides, Jake was planning the wedding for April which was almost a year away. I was confident she’ll be ready to walk down the aisle again by then. And since Jake was doing all the planning, all Monroe would have to do is say yes.
Now, I was carrying a basket full of surprises into her house. “Babe!” I hollered.
“In the kitchen!” she hollered back.
I walked in and she was just shutting the oven. “Dinner should be ready in-” A yelp stopped her. She whirled around and I placed the basket on the counter. “What the-”
“When I told you that I had to run over to Leonard’s really quick, it was to pick up our kids,” I told her.
Her eyes widened. “Our kids?” She leaned over and peeked into the basket. “Oh, God.”
“They’re English Foxhounds, and they’re all male,” I told her. “Since you don’t plan on having any more children, this is what we get.”
Her big brown eyes were watery when she looked over at me. “You got me puppies?”
I nodded. “I know those gender reveal things are all the rage nowadays, but I don’t want to be labeled as crazy.” She choked out a laugh. “But I’ll be crazy if you want to present your kids to the world all in grand fashion and all.”
Monroe walked around the counter and wrapped me up in a hug. “You’re nuts,” she chuckled.
“You’re the one dating me, so what’s that say about you?”
She laughed, then pulled back and glance at the puppies. “You know, raising three kids is going to be tough.”
“I’m up for the challenge,” I assured her. “Besides, we have a teenage babysitter already available to us.”
“Good point,” she muttered before turning from me and digging in to play with the puppies. After a few seconds of loving on the dogs, she turned to me. “Quick question.”
“Yeah?” I plucked one of the puppies from the basket.
“Why did Jake send me a save-the-month of April invitation?”
I started laughing, and I couldn’t stop with how perfect my life was now that Monroe and Leta were in it.

The End.
Acknowledgments
The first acknowledgment will always be my husband. There aren’t enough words to express my gratitude for having this man in my life. There is a little bit of him in every hero I dream up, and I can’t thank God enough for bringing him into my life. Thirty years, and still going strong!

Second, there’s my family; my daughter, my son, my grandchildren, my sister, and my mother. Family is everything, and I have one of the best. They are truly the best cheerleaders I could ever ask for, and I never forget just how truly blessed I am to have them in my life.

And, of course, there’s Kamala. This woman is not only my beta and idea guinea pig, but she’s also one of my closest friends. She’s been with me from the beginning of this journey, and we’re going to ride this thing to the end. Kam’s the encouragement that sparked it all, folks.

And, finally, I’d like to thank everyone who’s purchased, read, reviewed, shared, and supported me and my writing. Thank you so much for helping make this dream a reality and a happy, fun one at that! I cannot say thank you enough.
About the Author
M.E. Clayton works full-time and writes as a hobby. She is an avid reader and, with much self-doubt, but more positive feedback and encouragement from her friends and family, she took a chance at writing, and the Seven Deadly Sins Series was born. Writing is a hobby she is now very passionate about. When she’s not working, writing, or reading, she is spending time with her family or friends. If you care to learn more, you can read about her by visiting the following:


Smashwords Interview 


Bookbub Author Page 


Goodreads Author Page 
Other Books

The Seven Deadly Sins Series (In Order)
Catching Avery (Avery & Nicholas)
Chasing Quinn (Quinn & Chase)
Claiming Isabella (Isabella & Julian)
Conquering Kam (Kamala & Kane)
Capturing Happiness

The Enemy Duet (In Order)
In Enemy Territory (Fiona & Damien)
On Enemy Ground (Victoria & William)

The Enemy Series (In Order)
Facing the Enemy (Ramsey & Emerson)
Engaging the Enemy (Roselyn & Liam)
Battling the Enemy (Deke & Delaney)
Provoking the Enemy (Ava & Ace)
Loving the Enemy
Resurrecting the Enemy (Ramsey Jr. & Lake)

The Buchanan Brothers Series (In Order)
If You Could Only See (Mason & Shane)
If You Could Only Imagine (Aiden & Denise)
If You Could Only Feel (Gabriel & Justice)
If You Could Only Believe (Michael & Sophia)
If You Could Only Dream

The How To: Modern-Day Woman’s Guide Series (In Order)
How to Stay Out of Prison (Lyrical & Nixon)
How to Keep Your Job (Alice & Lincoln)
How to Maintain Your Sanity (Rena & Jackson)

The Holy Trinity Series (In Order)
The Holy Ghost (Phoenix & Francesca)
The Son (Ciro & Roberta)
The Father (Luca & Remy)
The Redemption (Nico & Mia)
The Vatican (Francisco Phoenix Benetti & Luca Saveria Fiore)

The Blackstone Prep Academy Duet (In Order)
Reflections (Grace & Styx)
Mirrors (London & Sterling)

The Eastwood Series (In Order)
Samson (Samson & Mackenzie)
Ford (Ford & Amelia)
Raiden (Raiden & Charlie)
Duke (Duke & Willow)
Alistair (Alistair & Rory)

The Problem Series (In Order)
The Problem with Fire (Sayer & Monroe)
The Problem with Sports (Nathan & Andrea)
The Problem with Dating (Gideon & Echo)

The Pieces Series (In Order)
Our Broken Pieces (Mystic & Gage)
Our Cracked Pieces (Rowan & Lorcan)
Our Shattered Pieces (Molly & Grayson)



The Holy Trinity Duet (In Order)
The Bishop (Leonardo & Sienna)
The Cardinal (Salvatore & Blake)

The Holy Trinity Next Generation Series (In Order)
Vincent & Cira (Vincent Fiore & Cira Benetti)
Salvatore Jr. & Camilla (Salvatore Benetti Jr. & Camilla Mancini)
Emilio & Bianca (Emilio Benetti & Bianca Mancini)
Angelo & Georgia (Angelo Benetti & Georgia Mancini)
Dante & Malia (Dante Fiore & Malia Benetti)
Mattia & Remo (Mattia Mancini & Remo Vitale)

The Rýkr Duet (In Order)
Avalon (Avalon & Griffin)
Neve (Neve & Easton)

Standalone
Unintentional
Purgatory, Inc.
My Big, Huge Mistake
An Unexpected Life
The Heavier the Chains…
Real Shadows
You Again
Merry Christmas To Me
Dealing with the Devil
