THE BILLIONAIRE BOYFRIEND TRAP
A Kavanagh Family Novel
Kendra Little
Copyright 2014 Kendra Little

kendralittle1@gmail.com
Visit Kendra at http://kendralittle.com

About THE BILLIONAIRE BOYFRIEND TRAP
Cleo knows her job is borderline unethical, but she tells herself that the businessmen she spies on are arrogant and greedy. Besides, it pays well and she needs the money for her sister's medical bills and to put her through art school. But when that art school's very existence is under threat from Cleo's latest target, billionaire Reece Kavanagh, she will do anything in her power to stop him and keep her sister happy. 
Until she falls in love with him. 
He was supposed to be a jerk, but Reece turns out to be everything Cleo ever wanted in a man. His heart is not cold and empty as reported, but beats only for Cleo. So when he reveals the dark secret that drives him to close down the school, she knows she has to stop him, for his own good as well as her sister's.
But what will Reece do when he finds out that the woman he trusts has been undermining him all along?



CHAPTER 1


Men are like a children's picture book—easy to read, occasionally entertaining, but lacking the substance to keep an adult female captivated long-term. My boss tells me I'm too cynical for a twenty-five year-old, but that's what happens when you've been doing what I've been doing for two years just to pay the bills.
I'm not a hooker, I'm a trapper. There's a difference. Hookers sleep with guys for money. I'm paid to get them to trust me, and sometimes fall in love with me. Some trappers cross the boundary and wind up in bed with their target for a bit of extra cash on the side, while others think they're starring in Pretty Woman. Not me. I like my mental health too much. I couldn't have sex with a man who wasn't my boyfriend.
If only boyfriends weren't so hard to come by for someone in my line of work, I'd be doing okay in that department. Unfortunately not too many guys are understanding when you explain what you do for a living. Make that none. They don't see the difference between a hooker and a trapper. And there's the whole lacking substance thing too.
"This guy's big," my boss Ellen said. She handed me a USB drive in the shape of a teddy bear no bigger than the size of two of my fingers. It made a change from her usual red ninja one. Unlike the ninja, I had to remove the teddy's head and insert his neck into my laptop. The ninja had the USB sticking out of his butt so he looked like he was farting into the computer. The teddy just looked decapitated.
"How big?" I asked as I copied the files to my hard drive.
Ellen crossed her long toothpick legs and sat back in the chair with a smile stretching her vamp-red lips. "You'll see." 
I rolled my eyes at her melodrama. She seemed to think she was M from James Bond, living a high-flying clandestine life, taking down the bad guys. In truth we were bringing down whomever our clients paid us to bring down. Luckily our targets had so far all been businessmen with dubious ethics or I would have had a problem with my job. I didn't mind ruining a business deal for a few assholes though.
That summed up Ellen's operation. She hired us girls on behalf of her clients to learn the secrets of powerful and wealthy businessmen. Her clients were their rivals, often wanting to close the same business deal. They hired Ellen—us—to learn the secrets and weakness of their competitors, or to ferret out confidential documents to prove collusion or other unethical practices. Our job involved getting close to our targets over a period of time until they trusted us enough to include us in their inner sanctum. Sometimes I wondered if I would achieve my ends faster if I did sleep with them. People reveal a hell of a lot of stuff when they're blinded by lust. But I avoided that kind of arrangement and Ellen never pushed me. I played the part of flirty, friendly assistant. If some of my targets fell a little in love with me along the way, all the better. Their frustration and attempts to get me into bed served my purposes perfectly.  
Ellen chuckled at my eye roll. "That's why you'll be perfect for this one, Cleo."
"What do you mean?" 
"You're funny and cheeky. Clever too. He likes those traits in a woman. Of course it helps that you're gorgeous and sexy in a school teacher kind of way."
I couldn't picture any of my old teachers doing what I was about to do. Maybe my sister Becky's old French teacher could have gotten away with the double life. The boys used to drool over her in class. She was lovely too, going out of her way to see if I needed anything when Becky got sick. Of course I always said "Thanks, but no thanks". What I didn't tell her was I just needed Becky. It wasn't until later, when Becky went into remission, that I realized I needed money to pay her medical bills. A crap-load of money. That was why I answered Ellen's advertisement and how I ended up being a trapper, against my better judgment. Two years later the loan I'd taken out to pay the medical bills was still there and I was still a trapper. 
I laughed and Ellen laughed too, a hearty, throaty chuckle that had her whole body shaking. Sometimes she could be ninja-like, and then she'd take me by surprise and become a teddy bear. 
Just like Bond's M, I didn't know Ellen's second name, whether she was married, had children, or where she lived. She was about sixty years old and as perfectly groomed as a Vogue model. She was a living, breathing Chanel advertisement and never had a blonde hair on her head out of place. I could step into her hundred-and-first floor office with my hair blown around by the wind outside, but she always looked immaculate. She once said that was my charm compared to her other girls. They had the sleek model thing going for them, perfect for jobs where the target responded to that type. She used me for everything else and I was never short of work. I guess even arrogant billionaire assholes like the sexy school teacher type. Or they just trust them more.
Ellen's assistant brought in two coffee cups and set them down on the glass table between Ellen and myself. There was a lot of glass in her office. The table, desk, a large mirror over a low shelf. The length of one wall was all windows too. The building overlooked the bay and today, sailing boats dotted the clear blue water. There wasn't a cloud in the sky. It was a perfect summer morning. Later, the freeways would be choked with traffic as everyone headed out of the city to enjoy a weekend away in the beautiful weather. But not me. I would be working. 
The assistant left as silently as she'd entered and shut the door. The files had finally finished loading and I opened them one by one. The first was a document listing the target's business interests, associates, and details of how he became founder and CEO of RK Financial Group at just thirty-three. The next document covered his personal life—birth date, known addresses, the names of his parents, schools and past girlfriends. Then I pulled up the next document. It contained several close-up photos of the target. I knew who it was. I'd seen him in the news.
Reece Kavanagh was gorgeous. Charcoal black hair, tanned skin without a single mark to blemish its perfection, and strong bones. The nose was straight, the jaw hard. His mouth either curved up on one side into a wry smile or dipped into an intense frown depending on the angle of the photo. But it was his eyes that held me. The eyes always gave a man away, and Reece Kavanagh's eyes were a pale blue at odds with his warm skin and mischievous mouth. They reminded me of a frozen winter lake—cold, deep and dangerous. 
A little shiver rippled down my spine and I wished I'd worn something warmer than the short yellow skater dress. 
"He makes you nervous," Ellen said. It wasn't a question. She'd seen my reaction. Ellen saw everything.
"I'm not sure yet," I said with a casual shrug. No one could determine what a man was like just from a few photos. It wasn't his fault his eyes were ethereally pale. He might be very friendly.
"By all accounts, he's a cold bastard," Ellen said. So much for my theory. "Some even say he's cruel, but I've found no evidence of it."
I swallowed heavily. "Do you know why he's cold?"
"Absent parents who screwed up his upbringing. No doubt he still blames them for all his past, present and future problems." She shook her head, as if she'd heard it all before. Ellen didn't believe in people being screwed up by their parents' mistakes. According to her, kids grew into adults and adults needed to take responsibility for their own problems. Sure, their parents might have been abusive or simply unloving, but get over it already.
That's what she'd once told me. It made me think she did have children, but they blamed her for whatever problems they had now. I never responded. My parents died seven years ago in a car accident. I still missed them. 
"Was it your client who claimed Reece is cruel?" I asked, staring at the screen. I couldn't look away. Even in pixels, Reece Kavanagh had a presence about him that made you want to stare and stare and stare. There was self-assuredness in that face that probably tipped over to arrogance in real life. That was the problem with gorgeous rich men. They all thought they were God's gift to the female population. I guess I wouldn't know for sure until I met him.
"Not my client." Ellen tapped her manicured fingernails on the side of her coffee cup. The blood red was stark against the white china, the click-clack brisk. "His rivals, some ex-girlfriends, acquaintances…everyone I spoke to said he keeps his distance."
"What about friends? Does he have any?"
"Very few."
"It says here he's the eldest of five boys born into the Kavanagh family. They still live in Serendipity Bend," I said, naming Roxburg's most exclusive suburb. "Is he close to them?"
"The family is extremely tight-lipped about their own." She sounded annoyed at the rare failure to gather information.
I clicked over to the page that listed his previous girlfriends. It was full. I recognized three models, at least four celebrities and a few whose job description could only be described as socialite. Reece's trophy collection was impressive. I wondered which ones had described him as cruel, and what that meant.
I brought the photographs of Reece up again. "It's not often you see such handsome men in powerful positions. Usually they're old, bald and fat."
"And married," Ellen filled in. She continued to tap on her coffee cup. It was irritating, but I wouldn't tell her that. I wanted to keep my job. She suddenly stopped and gave me a wry smile. "Actually you'd be surprised. I know several billionaire men who are as rich and powerful as Kavanagh and just as handsome and available."
"Why aren't they taken?"
"Married to the job, or the power, or they've got Issues with a capital I." She bestowed one of her rare smiles on me. 
I smiled back. "Hasn't everyone got Issues?"
Her smile slipped and she studied the coffee. "Some more than others." She sipped and I stared at Reece again. 
Then I closed the laptop. Those eyes were getting to me. "When will I meet him?"
"Tonight." 
Damn. It had to be tonight, didn't it? I never went out, never went anywhere except work and the grocery store, and the one time I did have something to go to, it clashed with Ellen's plans. And Ellen didn't like clashes. She liked to get her own way. Girls had been "let go" for showing lack of commitment by putting their real life ahead of their work. While Ellen knew about Becky, she didn't know how important this evening's exhibition was to my little sister. Or to me. 
Becky's recovery had been slow and arduous, but once she'd been given the all-clear, she became listless, bored. She couldn't see the point in returning to school. She'd almost lost her life and didn't want to spend precious time closeted in a room with kids younger than her. She'd missed her entire senior year and going back meant graduating with people who weren't her age. Although I cringed at the thought of her not graduating, I couldn't force her. I just couldn't. She was right. Life should be lived, and there was no way you could tell a cancer survivor any different. When she was so ill that I thought every labored breath would be her last, I vowed to see that she lived a full and happy life if she survived. I wouldn't back out now that she'd recovered. 
It was one thing to say it, and another thing to find out what a teenager wanted to do. We couldn't afford to travel—the medical bills screwed us there—but, thanks to Ellen, we had enough for her to go to art school. Becky had always been talented at drawing, and it seemed to give her the peace she sought. Her first exhibition with the other students was to be held tonight at a gallery run by a friend of her teacher. 
And I was going to miss it.
"Is tonight a problem?" Ellen asked, her vibrant blue eyes piercing me over the rim of her cup. God damn, she knew. How did she do that? I was sure I hadn't shown any disappointment, but she'd picked up the vibe from me anyway.
I thought about telling her the truth, but decided against it. For now. Despite Ellen's earlier friendliness, the steeliness of her glare warned me not to refuse. 
"Of course not." I laughed. "Where do I ever go? It's just that I thought I was to be Reece Kavanagh's assistant." That's how it usually went with me and my targets. Ellen got rid of their regular assistant and I stepped in, all flirty efficiency, and made myself indispensible. "Shouldn't I start on Monday?"
"I want you to lay the groundwork at a gala event he's attending tonight. I scored an invitation. It's the perfect opportunity to make contact and let him know you're available." The way she deepened her voice on 'available' had me watching her for signs of teasing. Not that she was the sort to find the juvenile double entendre amusing, but I searched her face anyway. Nope, all business.
She stood and picked her way across the room like a stork with those long legs of hers, and set the cup down on her desk. "There's an invitation here somewhere," 
"What time does this gala start?" I asked, hopeful. Perhaps I could go to Becky's exhibition for an hour then head over to wherever it was Reece Kavanagh would be.
She plucked out a black and silver invitation and flipped it open. It looked familiar. My heart rose and then dove again so quickly I felt ill.
"My apologies, it's not a gala," she said. "It's a small art exhibition by a group of students." She handed me the invitation.
I didn't need to look at it to know the time or venue, but I looked anyway. It was Becky's exhibition. A sort of numbing vagueness came over me as I tried to digest the coincidence. Was it a good thing that I could be both supportive sister and trapper at the same time? Or was having my work intrude on my personal space a bad idea? I couldn't think through the fog and come up with an answer.
I tucked the invitation into my bag and slipped the laptop in alongside it. Either way, I was off the hook. Ellen would be none the wiser. "I wonder why he's going to such a low key event? Does he have a friend who's exhibiting?"
Ellen snorted. Snorted! It was so out of character that I laughed, but quickly stifled it when she glared back at me. "His friends and family aren't the artistic type. No, there's an obvious answer as to why he's attending. It's the reason why we were hired for this job."
"Oh?"
"He bought the premises where the art school is located."
"He did?" I didn't even know the building had been sold. "So he's checking out his new tenant. That sounds innocent enough."
She crossed her arms. "No, he's going tonight to check out the opposition and assess the mettle of the people he's up against."
My pulse thudded loudly in my ears. I got a bad feeling about this. "Up against? What do you mean?" 
"He wants to close the school and bulldoze the building to make way for a hotel."



CHAPTER 2


"He's expecting opposition from the art teacher and her students," Ellen went on.
I heard myself agree with her, but hardly knew what I was saying. I was on auto-pilot, trying to digest what she'd just told me. Reece Kavanagh wanted to shut down Becky's art school, the one place she loved, the one thing that fulfilled her and made her happy. 
Maybe it wouldn't be so bad. The teacher could move into different premises and keep the school going. The current location was a pretty one in the suburb of Serendipity Bend, the same suburb where Reece Kavanagh had been raised. The Bend, as it was known locally, was snuggled into a sweeping curve of the Serendipity River like a child in the crook of a mother's arm. It was an expensive piece of real estate near the heart of the city, and highly sought after by the rich and famous. The art students drew their inspiration from the willows bowing into the water and the ducks paddling lazily past the old house. It was a tranquil oasis on the edge of Roxburg's busy, concreted business district. It would be a shame to lose the house, but not a total loss. Becky's teacher could move elsewhere from the proceeds of the sale.
"Kavanagh is expecting opposition?" I asked Ellen. "Aside from your client, I mean."
She nodded. "The previous owner was the art teacher's brother. He sold the building to Kavanagh without informing his sister. She's apparently furious and is refusing to leave. The house belonged to their grandmother and her sister died there. She claims she won't let it be bulldozed and will fight RK Financial Group all the way if she has to. It's going to be an interesting evening with those two in the same room."
"Yeah," I said weakly. "Very interesting." Particularly for me. Becky would not be happy when she saw me flirting with the enemy. She didn't know what I did for a living and I had no intention of telling her. She would fall into that category of people who considered what I did unethical, even if I told her I didn't sleep with my targets. Her moral compass always pointed north. Mine flipped back and forth and sometimes spun around as if following a drunken magnet. Ellen was right. It would be an interesting evening.
***
Becky clearly didn't know her teacher's house had been sold from under her. She was like a ball of nervous energy, wriggling and talking the entire way to the gallery. I couldn't get a word in, but that was okay. I was too nervous but in a different way. Mine was from trepidation, not excitement. I was used to dealing with OBF (old, bald, fat) billionaires, not hot guys like Reece Kavanagh. It was easier to get an OBF to develop a crush on me, but why would someone who could score a model respond to my lame attempts at flirting? Unlike Ellen, I didn't think the sexy school teacher type would work on a guy who could get any girl he wanted. 
"My three pieces will be on the left," Becky said as we flashed our invitation at the door. She craned her neck to the left and stood on her toes. She was a little shorter than me, even in her heeled ankle boots, but only because my heels were higher. 
I'd changed my outfit after coming home from Ellen's office. Forget casual, I needed classy sophistication. I was relieved to see I wasn't entirely out of place. There was at least one other woman in stilettos and a dress. Hers was cut low at the front and revealed a boney back whereas mine had a pencil skirt and modest neckline. Almost everyone else wore jeans, pants or summer skirts. Becky had chosen jeans and a white shirt, but only after I advised her against the T with the political slogan printed on the front. Thankfully she listened to me for once. 
She plucked a glass of champagne off the tray of a passing waiter and handed it to me. "Want to check out my pieces first?" she asked, grinning. She hadn't stopped grinning since getting out of the car. 
"Show me the way." 
She took my hand and pulled me along after her. I scanned the room, but there was no sign of Reece Kavanagh. It was still early. The well-dressed woman's gaze met mine then flicked past me and scanned the room too. I wondered if we were searching for the same person.
Becky stopped in front of a painting of a woman whom I recognized as her teacher, Cassie. It was mostly various shades of gray except for Cassie's hair painted with a bright splash of red. On closer inspection, the strands were different shades of red and orange, giving the hair depth and bringing it to life. It was a vibrant yet evocative piece with Cassie's eyes downcast, her long lashes shadowing her cheeks.
"You did this?" I said to Becky.
She tucked her blonde hair behind her ear even though it was too short to stay and popped right back out again. Her grin broadened. "You like it?"
"Hell yeah. It's amazing. Cassie looks beautiful."
"Cass is beautiful." 
"How much is it?" I asked, turning back to the picture. "I want to buy it."
"It's already sold." Becky pointed to the attached tag. "Someone bought it based on the photo Cass put up on the website. She has no idea who."
"Intriguing. A mystery art lover."
"Or just a lover of Cassie," she said, laughing. She nudged me. "Take a look at the others then we better mingle." She was already glancing around the room before she'd finished her sentence.
I looked at the other paintings and decided to buy the one of the river behind the art studio. The sweeping branches of the willows were as finely depicted as Cassie's hair, and the light gave the scene a freshness that made you want to sit and rest on the grassy banks. 
"You don't have to buy it, I'll give it to you," Becky said. "You're my sister. Besides, you're out of contract and can't afford it."
"Actually the meeting with the agency today was productive," I told her. "Nothing's firm yet, but next week I'll know for sure if I have a new position." As far as Becky knew, I worked for a temping agency that farmed me out for short-term contracts as a personal assistant to high-flying businessmen. It was so close to the truth that I didn't even feel like I was lying to her. Much.
She put her arm around me and squeezed. "You'll get it. How can anyone resist my big, wonderful sis?"
I hugged her back. "I don't mind if you call me wonderful, but can we drop the 'big'?"
She giggled and took my hand. "Come on, Cleo. Let's go find Cassie."
We passed by other students' work and spotted Cassie in the middle of the gallery surrounded by her guests. The quirky, vivacious redhead was in the middle of a lively conversation when she spotted something by the door that wiped the smile off her face. Her eyes darkened. Her lips peeled back off her teeth and she pushed through the throng.
"What are you doing here?" she snapped, jabbing her finger in the direction of the suited newcomer.
Reece Kavanagh. Even if I hadn't seen the photographs of him, I would have known who he was based on her vitriolic greeting. She did not want the man who was going to tear down her beloved home and studio at her exhibition. I couldn't blame her.  
Reece pulled out the silver and black card from his inside jacket pocket. "I have an invitation." His voice was rich and deep, rumbling from the depths of his chest. It suited him. It would have been disappointing for such a hot, masculine guy to sound like a spotty teen.
I didn't think it possible, but he was more gorgeous in real life than in the photos. His hair was as black as ink, the stubble on his jaw just as dark and adding a rugged touch to his otherwise smooth face. Either he liked to wear suits or he'd come straight from work. I wasn't good with brands, but I'd bet it was Armani or something equally expensive. It was sharp and crisp, and showed off his broad shoulders to perfection. The guy was tall with the form of an athlete, although there could have been a paunch hidden beneath that jacket. God, I hoped so, otherwise I was way out of my depth. Hell, even if he did have a paunch and a small penis I was still going to struggle to get his attention.
"Who invited you?" Cassie went on, not in the least distracted by the dazzling good looks of the man in front of her. She was tiny by comparison, barely coming up midway to his chest. Not only was she not distracted, she wasn't intimidated either. Hands on hips, she glared right back into those ice-blue eyes as Reece stared her down.
"Do you know who that is?" Becky whispered to me.
"Reece Kavanagh," I said, unable to look away. "Billionaire businessman."
"Yeah? Then why doesn't Cassie want him here?"
"Maybe they're ex-lovers and he dumped her."
Becky made a huffing noise. "Doubt it. Suits aren't her type. They're more hers." She pointed her chin at the well-dressed woman I'd spotted earlier. 
The woman, a sleek blonde with sharp cheekbones, slipped her arm around Reece's waist. He didn't react. "I invited him," she said.
Cassie turned on her and I thought she would grill her. But instead she shook her head and sighed. "I should have known. Be careful, Ally. He's not a good guy." She stalked off before the woman named Ally had a chance to respond, and was soon swallowed up by the crowd.
Becky joined her teacher, leaving me to watch Reece. He stepped to one side just far enough away from Ally that she had to drop her arm. She spoke quietly to him, her expression serious, her gaze never leaving his face. He, however, didn't appear to be listening. His gaze flitted around the room, assessing. Within moments he seemed to have taken in the faces of everyone there, including mine. He'd not lingered on a single one for more than a split second. It was as if nobody was interesting enough to waste even a moment longer on.
The enormous task ahead of me just got even harder. I was supposed to dazzle Reece with my efficiency and skill, while flirting with him in front of his date and a roomful of people who despised him, including my own sister. Worse, I didn't even hold his interest with my figure-hugging pencil skirt and great hair. I'd spent ages trying to get the long strands to stay up in an elegantly messy knot. The guy might as well just hand me a stick so I could poke myself in the eye with it. It would be less painful than trying to get his attention. 
I had no idea how long he would stay so I needed to make my move soon or risk losing the chance altogether. He clearly wasn't welcome at the gallery, something Cassie's students weren't hiding. They all glared daggers at him as she spoke to them.
Becky came up to me and reported back the information I already knew. She could hardly get it out, her jaw was so rigid. "Apparently Cassie's asshole of a brother sold off the house to Kavanagh. He's going to destroy it." She didn't so much as speak the words as spit them in Reece's direction. Neither he nor Ally noticed. They were having a conversation, although his gaze still wandered the room from time to time. Did she bore him or was he simply the type who needed to work the room rather than be still?
"Can't Cassie just move the studio elsewhere?" I asked. "I know the house will be a loss, but it's just a house."
"It was her grandmother's! Her sister died there!" As if that explained everything. "It's Cassie's inspiration. She loves that house, loves its location, the atmosphere, everything. She said she couldn't afford to live in Serendipity Bend if she had to rent or buy something else and she needs the tranquility of the river to bring out her best work. To find that tranquility again means moving out of Roxburg altogether. We're going to lose her, Cleo." Tears filled her eyes, but didn't spill. "All because of that asshole's greed."
I thought she was referring to Cassie's brother, but she focused all her negative energy on Reece. So much so that he must have felt her hatred because he suddenly looked directly at us. Then he approached. Ally, taken by surprise, tottered in her heels to catch up. 
My pulse quickened, but I pulled myself together and clamped down on my nervousness. This was no different to any other job. I would not be reduced to a puddle of nerves from a pair of frosty eyes and a handsome face.
"Do I know you, ladies?" he asked in a voice that slipped over me like silk.
"No," Becky snapped. "I'm a student of Cassie's." 
"Which are your pieces?" 
"None of your business."
"I might want to buy them."
Becky opened her mouth then shut it, clearly unsure how to react to the ruthless businessman art lover. Her mind was probably having trouble filtering it through her limited experience with the Reece Kavanaghs of the world. Mine wasn't. I knew people didn't always make sense. Drug dealers gave their money away to poor kids, thieves handed back the expensive camera with the personal photos on it, and asshole businessmen sometimes saw beauty in art. People didn't always fit a stereotype.
Becky's confusion gave me the opportunity I needed. I thrust out my hand. "I'm Cleo Denny and this is my sister Rebecca. I'm pleased to meet you, Mr. Kavanagh."
Reece's brows lifted before quickly settling back in place. He took my hand and gave it a firm, no nonsense shake. I had expected fireworks from his touch, or even just a little spark, but there was nothing so clichéd. His hand was strong, big and warm, but the palm was rough, as if he spent time away from his desk doing man stuff. 
"How do you know my name?" he asked.
"I read the financial pages," I said with an off-handed shrug. "I like to keep up with the big corporations."
"Why?" He flung the question at me. Was he challenging me? Trying to catch me out? Did he think I was lying and actually knew him from the gossip pages? The man seemed to appear in both sections of the newspaper with regularity, but it was true that I preferred the financial pages to the other sections. I liked to follow my targets' business affairs after I helped screw them up.
"If I'm going to work for big corporations, I need to know what it is they do," I said.
"So you're not an artist too?" 
"No. I can't even finger paint."
His mouth kicked up on one side, but the smile quickly vanished again, if that's what it had been. His cool gaze swept down the length of me then back up. My face heated. I bit my tongue to distract me from the thrill tingling my spine and forced myself to meet his gaze. To my surprise, his eyes had warmed up a little. He was smiling again too, but it was more of a curious one, as if something had intrigued him and he wanted to find out more.
"Me either," he said. "I find stick figures challenging."
The man had a sense of humor! I wouldn't have picked that. I grinned and he returned it. Not a quirk of his lips, but a genuine smile. 
Beside me, I heard Becky groan. 
"Then what is it you do, Miss Denny?" he asked me.
Great, a chance to plant the seed. "Call me Cleo. I'm a personal assistant. In fact, my last contract ended and I'm looking for work." I fished in my clutch for a business card. I saw Becky stiffen out of the corner of my eye and cringed. She didn't stop me, however. 
I held out my card to Reece. "I don't suppose you could pass this on to anyone—" 
Ally snapped the card out of my fingers. "Mr. Kavanagh already has an assistant." Her hard, clipped tones were at odds with Reece's smooth ones. "Me."
Crap. Ellen had told me he needed a new assistant, yet Reece didn't disagree with Blondie. Clearly Ally was more than an assistant, though. She looped her arm through Reece's and clung on until her knuckles turned white against the dark gray of his jacket. She tossed my card onto a nearby table. 
Becky went to reach for it, but Reece got there first. He pocketed the card. I didn't know who was more shocked and annoyed, Becky or Ally. I refused to meet my sister's gaze, but I did like seeing the lines surrounding Ally's anemic lips constrict. 
"I know someone who could use a new PA," Reece said. "Ones who keep up with the business pages are hard to come by. He'll call you over the weekend. Have your work history ready."
He walked off with Ally still clinging to his arm, but there was no triumph in her eyes anymore. Neither of them glanced back at us.
"What a first class bitch," Becky said, hands on hips, watching them go. "They're a perfect match for each other."
I said nothing. My heart was sinking. I'd missed my chance with Reece, but worse, I now knew there wasn't even a job opening. He would give my card to someone else and I'd have to politely decline the job offer. Somehow, the frighteningly competent Ellen had got it wrong. Reece didn't need an assistant and now we'd have to find some other way to force an acquaintance. That was going to be hard work for someone like me. Ellen may have to switch to using one of the girls who didn't mind sleeping with the target. 
My heart tapped out a rhythm of disappointment even though my head knew it was silly to be enamored with him after such a brief encounter. He was a compelling man, not only to look at, but to be around. He'd smiled along with me. He'd picked up my card. 
But it was important to remember who he was. He had ruthless businessman stamped all over him according to Ellen's files. Flirting was one thing, but business was another.
I mingled with Becky and spoke to her friends and teacher. Cassie couldn't speak highly enough of my sister's talent. She seemed not to notice Reece stalking around the gallery, checking out all the paintings, but I did. I couldn't take my eyes off him.
"What do you think he's doing here?" I asked her during a lull in the conversation.
"Reminding me of what I'm up against."
"You're going to fight him?"
She tossed her red curls. She had most of them contained in a half-up do, but some tumbled down around her face and down her back. Cassie had wild, Bohemian hair that suited her profession. She was dressed similar to Becky in jeans and shirt, although hers was green. She usually wore overalls and nothing on her feet, but tonight she wore a pair of heels that set off her slender legs. "I have to," she said. "The studio isn't just my livelihood, it's my home. My memories and history are in that house. My brother, sister and I were brought up there by our grandmother. My sister died there." Her voice cracked and she cleared her throat. "My brother inherited, but Gran made him commit to an arrangement to allow me to stay after she died. He managed not to break that agreement for five years. It's a record for him," she said with a sad twist of her mouth.
"Why did he sell it?"
"Money. He's dirt poor and Reece has been sniffing around it for years. Looks like he finally won."
"Reece?" I echoed. "You know him personally?"
"You could say that." She tucked her hands into the back pockets of her jeans and looked away. "He used to date my sister. I used to date one of his brothers. Both relationships ended badly."
I wondered if her sister and Reece had broken up before her death. Either way, it must have affected him too.
"The Kavanagh brothers are bad news," she went on. "Stay away from Reece."
I wanted to ask her why they were bad news, but I got the feeling she didn't want to discuss it. "What will you do if Reece succeeds in tearing the place down?"
"He won't." Her green eyes sparked to life and she squared her shoulders. "He's a bully and I hate bullies. I'll fight him every step of the way."
"Can you afford to do that?"
The flare dimmed. She shrugged one shoulder. "I'll borrow if I have to."
I didn't think the bank would lend a homeless artist money to fight a huge corporation, but I didn't say so. She seemed determined and I wanted her to succeed. Becky's happiness depended upon Cassie winning and staying in the city. Thank goodness Ellen's client had an interest in seeing Reece fail too. I felt better knowing someone else was looking out for Cassie and her house, although I couldn't think who it would be. Some business rival of Reece's probably.
I squeezed Cassie's arm. "Let me know if there's anything I can do." It was a hollow response because what the hell could I do? She thanked me anyway then wandered off to join her students.
Speeches followed with one or two sly digs at the sale of the property, and I marveled that Reece could stand there as straight and unbending as a pole with everyone in that room wishing him gone.  
As soon as the speeches were concluded, however, I looked for him again. He and Ally had disappeared. With a sigh I made my way down the long corridor to the bathroom. The white walls were lined with small black and white photographs and I admired them as I slowly walked. 
A man's voice caught my attention and I paused, looked up. It was Reece. He must have been around the corner because I couldn't see him yet.
"Not here," he said quietly. "Someone will see."
"Let them." It was Ally, her voice a slithering, slippery appeal. I couldn't see them but I could imagine her draping herself over Reece in an attempt to stop him walking away.
I heard footsteps and instinct kicked in. I didn't want them to see me, so I opened the nearest door and stepped inside. The room was small and seemed to be used for storage. It smelled faintly of chemicals and lemon-scented cleaning products. It was completely dark once I shut the door.
I listened as the footsteps approached and the voices continued. "Reece, baby, don't walk off on me. Come on, let's do this. Here. Now."
"No."
"Why not? It's never stopped you before. You love doing it in public places." 
She was talking about sex! I screwed up my face. Please don't come in here and fuck her in the dark. Or, even worse, turn on the light and see me. 
"Not tonight," he said. "I'm not in the mood."
"Come on, baby, you're always in the mood. What's got into you lately?"
"Nothing. This isn't the right place or time. We've got an appointment tomorrow."
"You never used to schedule me," Ally cooed. "We used to do it everywhere, all the time. Remember? Come on, in here." The door handle rattled then the storeroom door opened. 
Fuck!
"I told you—" His sentence was cut short. I imagined her kissing him, smothering his protest. 
The next moment, the door was pushed back and they tumbled through. I got the feeling she was hauling him in after her, but the rectangle of light was cut off as the door was slammed shut. 
I slunk back, wedging myself into a small gap between two shelving units. My heart pounded. I prayed they wouldn't see me or hear me. 
"This is a mistake," Reece said, his quiet, calm voice filling the storeroom. "We shouldn't. Not here."
"Who cares?" Ally asked.
"It doesn't feel right."
"No one will know. It's just you and me. Here, this will change your mind."
I heard fabric rustling and Ally's breath hitch. I imagined her lifting her dress and placing his hand on her girl parts. I rolled my eyes at her overtness, but I didn't hear Reece protest anymore. It would seem he was just like any other guy when presented with easy sex. He took it.
I heard the unzipping of a fly next. Reece's trousers probably. He moaned.
"God, you're so hot," Ally murmured. "I love your body."
"Shhh," Reece whispered. "No talking."
"Why not? You used to like me talking."
"Take off your dress, keep your shoes on. If we're going to do this, we do it properly."
"Yes, sir," she said, giggling. 
Then came more rustling of fabric as she slipped out of her slinky dress. 
"Touch me," she muttered. "My breasts. Suck them."
"You don't give the orders, I do. On our knees."
"But—"
"Do it." He hadn't raised his voice, but the command was unmistakable. He didn't expect her to argue with him. And she didn't. "Mmmmm," he murmured.
I pictured her taking his cock into her mouth. I bet he was long and thick. A small throb between my thighs caught me by surprise. It would seem the couple wasn't the only one enjoying this. I'd never eavesdropped on sex before, never been a voyeur, although it seemed like something I might like to do, but only in secret and in my dreams. Did that make this a dream come true?
"Stop," he said.
She gave a little sigh and I imagined her standing up in the dark. Her voice confirmed it. "There," she murmured. "God yes, Reece, touch me there."
It grew hot in the storeroom. A trickle of sweat dripped down my inner thighs. Except it wasn't sweat. It was me. I was wet from the sounds of the lovemaking happening only a few feet away in the dark. 
"Take me," Ally whispered. "Take me now."
Then came a small thump against the door—her back perhaps—followed by the rhythmic slap slap of flesh against flesh. They were doing it right there in front of me and I couldn't have been more turned on. I wished I could see them—see him—but it would have to remain a moment for privacy and secrets. I would relive it later when I was alone in my own bed.
I dared not move even though I was uncomfortable squashed between the shelves. The discomfort was soon swamped by the heat coursing through me and the sounds of sex filling the small space. They felt close, as if I could reach out and touch their naked bodies. Their breaths became my breath. Their heat was my heat. Their desire flowed around me, and it was almost painful not to touch myself.
Their breathing quickened, then came a grunt from Reece and a small cry from Ally. 
It was all over. Neither spoke, but someone—Reece I think—blew out a long breath, as if he couldn't believe what he'd just done. 
"Put your clothes on and get out," he said, gruff. "I'll be there in a minute."
The rustle of fabric was followed by a giggle from Ally. "Kiss me," she said.
"No." The door opened, letting in a small amount of light. His back was to me, his big frame shielding her from me, or me from her. 
My heart banged inside my chest, and my brain was a soupy mess of half-formed thoughts and too many emotions. My nerve endings jangled from the heat and desire still coursing through me.
Ally slipped out without another word and Reece shut the door again. He remained in the storeroom. With me.
"Did you enjoy that?" he asked.



CHAPTER 3


Nothing can prepare you for getting caught in the same room as a couple having sex. I wanted to sink into the floor and disappear, or maybe throw up. 
Real sophisticated, Cleo. 
There was nothing sophisticated about the situation I'd found myself in. It was totally and utterly humiliating. I just had to remember it was more humiliating for Reece than for me. Maybe.
For a moment I thought if I simply stood there, squashed between the shelves, not moving, he would think he'd imagined my presence and leave. But he didn't. 
He switched on the light. 
I blinked at the sudden brightness and shrank even further back. When my eyes had adjusted, I dared to look into the face of Reece Kavanagh to gauge his reaction to the weird situation. 
Bad move. He wasn't smiling, and dark shadows lurked in those soulless eyes. His brows crashed together and he crossed his arms over his chest. His jacket and tie lay on a shelf nearby and his muscles bulged inside his shirt. The man's physique was as impressive and intimidating as his expression. He stood between me and the door, an impenetrable, immovable wall of pure steel.
"I…I'm, uh, sorry," I said with as much coolness as I could muster, which was very little. "I came in here looking for…" I glanced around at the contents on the shelves. "Toilet paper." I winced. That was the best I could do?
"In the dark?"
Crap. Time to retreat and get out with what little dignity I had left. It seemed unfair that I should be the embarrassed one, when he'd been caught with his pants down. 
I stepped forward, out from my hiding place, but he didn't move. 
"You didn't answer my question," he said. 
"Huh? Oh, right, yeah I was looking in the dark. Stupid, I know." I shrugged.
He still didn't move. "My other question."
"Other question?" I genuinely couldn't remember. My mind was mush. What the hell had he asked me? 
"Did you enjoy the show?"
Hell. Why couldn't he just pretend nothing happened? That's what normal people did. He could let me out with a sheepish smile and a goofy shrug. I'd promise not to tell anyone and everything would be fine.
But it wasn't fine. It was awkward, and I was still damned hot, my skin slick in uncomfortable places. "Um…" There's no sensible answer to that question. There just isn't. "It was…"
"Interesting?" he filled in. 
"I suppose."
"Nice?" He leaned back against the doorframe and lazily crossed his ankles. With his eyelids half closed, he looked less dangerous and more amused at my discomfort. Damn him.
"That's not quite the word I'd use," I said.
"How about hot?"
I swallowed loudly and looked down at my shoes. "I, uh, guess so." I cleared my throat and took another step closer. He didn't move aside. Panic fluttered in my chest, but I refused to let it bloom. I didn't think I was in danger from this man, but if that were the case, why wasn't he letting me out? "Excuse me, Mr. Kavanagh, I'd like to leave now."
"Call me Reece. I think we should be on first name terms after what we just shared."
"We didn't share anything." Finally I was regaining some common sense and a shred of dignity. I could do this. I could be all-business and pretend to be offended instead of turned on. "I overheard an unfortunate incident between you and your girlfriend."
"She's not my girlfriend."
"Your assistant then."
He simply grunted. "It seems we think alike."
"About what?"
"This. What you witnessed. It was an unfortunate incident and shouldn't have happened." He unfolded his arms and picked up his jacket. "What do you want?"
I frowned. "What do you mean?"
He fished in his jacket pocket and pulled out a wad of cash. He counted off some notes and handed them to me. "A hundred?"
"I don't want your money!"
"You want to play hardball? I wouldn't have picked you for a hustler." He handed me more money. "Two?"
"No! Mr. Kav—Reece—I don't want your money. If you're paying me to keep me quiet about this, forget it. I don't talk to newspapers and gossip columnists. I don't care who you fuck or date or share a burger with. It's none of my business, nor is it necessary for the rest of the world to know either. Don't worry. I won't sell your story to anyone."
He paused, the bills in his hand. "I didn't pick you as the sort of woman who says fuck."
"And I didn't pick you as a guy to have sex in storerooms."
He chuckled and returned the bills to his jacket. "I don't usually. But I felt like I owed Ally one last time before I fired her, and this was going to be our only opportunity, so…" He shrugged. Just like that, he explained away the rendezvous. It didn't even sound kinky when he said it. Nor did he seem like a man in love, or even in lust. There was no flush to his cheeks, no telltale heat in his eyes. He spoke about Ally and their encounter as if it were just another round of golf.
"You know, if you're going to dump a woman, you shouldn't have sex with her beforehand," I said.
"Is that right?" He humphed. "Maybe that's why all my ex-girlfriends hate me."
"Could be," I said. "Or it could be because they're still in love with you when you break up with them."
"Who says I break up with them?" 
"Just a hunch."
He narrowed his gaze and stepped away from the door. I could leave whenever I wanted. I stayed.
"Anyway, Ally was never my girlfriend." 
"Oh. Right." I held up my hands in surrender. "It's none of my business what your relationship is with her."
"No," he murmured. "It's not." He took a step forward so that he was only inches away from me. He was tall, imposing, and I could feel his heat radiating across the space between us. He watched me from beneath lowered lashes. "Thanks for the tip about breakups and sex. I'll keep it in mind for next time." His voice was a low, melodic bass note that vibrated across my skin. 
I swallowed heavily. "Anytime." I should leave. I should slip past him while he was leaning in like that and run away. But I was rooted to the floor, my shoes leaden and clunky. If I tried to move, I'd fall over. So I stayed there beneath his intense gaze and under his spell.
He reached up, his hand near my ear. I could smell the subtle spice of his cologne and a baser scent that was pure male. He leaned forward, his face close. Surely he wasn't going to kiss me. 
He was going to kiss me!
"Here," he murmured. His breath brushed my forehead, his voice sent my nerves crazy. "Don't forget this."
"Hmmm?" What was he saying? What was I saying? Why wasn't he kissing me?
He stepped back and I saw what he was holding out to me. A roll of toilet paper. He'd picked it off the shelf behind me. A wicked smile teased his lips and mischief danced in those eyes. I took the roll and rushed past him, my face on fire, my tongue tied in knots, and my stomach churning.
His chuckle followed me down the corridor to the bathroom.
***
By the time I came out of the bathroom, the students and gallery staff were packing up the paintings and the guests had gone. Reece and Ally were nowhere to be seen. I blew out a breath, unsure whether to be relieved that I didn't have to see his mocking smile again, or frustrated that I'd blown my chance of working with my target. There was also another emotion, simmering just below the others. One that I didn't want to acknowledge. Disappointment that I would never see him again, never have a chance to get as close to him as I had in the storeroom.
"I can't believe she brought him," said Cassie. She was speaking to Becky and a few other students as they worked to remove paintings from display. "Ally knows our history and what he's going to do, and yet she still brought him along."
"Who is she?" Becky asked.
"We went to school together. We used to be close but grew apart in our senior year." She shook her head and her red curls bounced. "Getting the hottest guy to like her became more important than her friendships."
"So why did you invite her?"
"She asked me for an invitation. I hadn't seen her for a year or more then she contacted me through the studio's email address and asked if she could attend with a date. She told me she wanted to catch up, get reacquainted with her old friends." Her shoulders slumped a little and her lips flattened. "I should have known it was all bullshit."
"Maybe Reece encouraged her," I chimed in. Cassie looked at me, a small frown connecting her brows. "She works for him," I said. "Maybe he discovered her connection to you and forced her to get an invitation."
"Maybe," Cassie said. "I wasn't going to give him an invitation if he asked."
I squeezed her arm. "I'd say he's in for quite a fight. He's picked the wrong woman to go up against."
Cassie gave me a weak smile. "Thank you. But I'm not sure I can win. I can't afford a good lawyer. I can't even afford a bad one."
"Is there someone who might help you?" I was thinking of the mysterious client. Someone had employed Ellen to stop Reece from pulling down Cassie's house. While it could simply be a case of a business rival wanting to sabotage RK Financial Group, it could also be a friend who wanted to remain anonymous.
"No," Cassie said emphatically. She turned away, only to be slammed with a hug from Becky.
"What if you don't win?" Becky asked, her huge eyes filled with tears. "Is this the end for the studio?"
"Are you really going to leave?" one of the other students chimed in. 
Cassie patted Becky's back then drew away from her. She held my sister at arm's length. "Let's not discuss the future until we know if we can stop Kavanagh. I'm not leaving without a fight."
She hadn't said it, but we all heard the 'but' in her voice. 
But if I fail, I will go.
***
Becky ranted and raved about how heartless Reece Kavanagh was all the way home and was still going the following morning. After venting to me over breakfast, she retreated to her room and poured out her emotions on canvas in dark, angry colors. I escaped outside to the garden to call Ellen.
We lived in the same three-bedroom house we'd inherited from our parents. It was a middle-class cream brick home in a middle-class suburb. Our neighbors were mostly empty nesters over fifty with houses that looked the same as ours and gardens filled with roses, azaleas and camellias. I liked it. It was home to me and always had been. Becky found it boring and wanted to move closer to the inner city or bayside suburbs where her friends met at cafes or jogged along the foreshore. But we couldn't afford to move into something big enough for the both of us. Besides, I couldn't bear to leave the house I'd grown up in. Not yet.
I made sure the back door was closed and settled on the stone bench Dad had placed under a large tree at the bottom of the garden. A gardenia flowered its little butt off nearby, its heady scent a soothing reminder of my mother's green thumb. I dialed Ellen's number on my cell. She picked up on the first ring.
"How'd it go?" she asked. No 'How are you, Cleo?' or 'Isn't it hot today?' Straight to business.
"It was a disaster. You told me he didn't have an assistant."
Her pause was slight, but it was there. "She won't last long."
"You knew? Why didn't you tell me?"
"Because she'll be gone by the end of this weekend."
"How can you possibly know that?"
"Spies everywhere, remember?"
I rolled my eyes. Ellen's network was scarily efficient.
"Don't roll your eyes at me," she said, a smile in her voice.
I nearly dropped the phone. I glanced around, but I was alone. I hoped. "Very funny." I stood up to check over the back fence just in case. No one was there.
Ellen's throaty laugh rippled down the line. "Don't worry about his current assistant. He's breaking up with her this weekend. All trace of her will be gone by Monday morning."
"Does he always mix business with pleasure? Both you and he make it sound like being his assistant also means being his girlfriend."
"Girlfriend is such a loaded word. It has an implied meaning that doesn't fit Reece's women. They're more bedroom partners with the side benefit of being his date when required. But you're right. Usually he sleeps with his assistants."
"Is that what you're expecting me to do? Become his assistant and sleep with him?" 
"I wouldn't do that to you, Cleo, and I'm offended that you think I would." She did indeed sound offended, her voice pitching higher than usual. "I want you to be the different one, the one who doesn't sleep with him. It'll drive him mad with frustration and that's when he'll let his guard down."
I couldn't imagine me driving Reece mad with pent-up desire. Maybe an OBF man would find it hard to slake his lust elsewhere, but not Reece. He could get laid anywhere with anyone. 
"Did you make any progress?" Ellen asked. "Did he take your business card?"
"He took it, but I doubt he'll call."
"Why not? You did flirt with him, didn't you?"
"Kind of."
"Do you think you made an impression on him?"
"Oh yeah, I'm sure I did. Just not the right one."
Another slight pause on the other end. "What do you mean?"
No way was I going to tell her what I'd witnessed in that storeroom. Not only had I made a promise to Reece, but it reflected as badly on me as it did on him. I didn't want Ellen thinking me a pervert who listened in on people having sex. "Let's just say he probably won't be calling. I'm sorry, Ellen. I fucked this one up. I'm just not used to guys like Reece Kavanagh. He's too…" I sighed, struggling to find the words to describe how out of my league Reece was. "He's too much."
"Nonsense. You're exactly what he needs. He just doesn't know it yet because he doesn't know you well enough."
"I think you'd better get another girl for this one."
I heard tapping in the background, but I wasn't sure if it was her fingernails on a cup, table or keyboard. "We'll see. If he hasn't called you by Monday, we'll need to do something drastic." She hung up, leaving me wondering what measures she was going to take.
I drew the scent of the gardenias into my lungs. Hopefully the next time she called she had a different job lined up. I only got paid when a target hired me, not when I failed. I needed the money. My savings were down to the last few hundred dollars and the credit card debt was mounting. It was tough supporting two people, paying for Becky's art classes and paying off the loan covering her medical bills. Ellen had already given me a raise six months back when I asked, and I couldn't ask again. Maybe it was time to suggest to Becky that she get a part-time job. 
Whenever I thought about having that conversation, I backed away. She was still too fragile. She got tired easily. Her art was the only thing that brought her to life. There was no way she'd cope with working at a desk all day or pulling beers at night. It would be her idea of hell.
I sighed and was about to go back inside when my phone rang. The screen flashed "Private Number" so it wasn't Ellen. I answered.
"Cleo speaking."
"Overheard anyone's intimate moments lately?" 
I dropped the phone in my lap and stared at it. There was no mistaking Reece's deep voice. Even if he hadn't given me the clue as to who he was, I would've known that voice anywhere. 
"Have I shocked you again?" I heard him say.
I picked up the phone and tried to calm my nerves with a few deep breaths before answering. "It's your phone call that shocked me. I wasn't expecting you to follow up on our conversation."
"Why not?"
"I, uh, thought I made a rather poor impression."
"Then you thought wrong. You promised me you wouldn't tell anyone what happened in that storeroom, and so far, you haven't. I've been on the phone all morning to my media contacts and there's not even the hint of a rumor circulating. The only thing that's come up is my attendance at the gallery. You, Cleo Denny, have kept your word. That's rare. I want to hire you."
My mouth flopped open and my pulse quickened. "As what?" I blurted out, Ellen's words still ringing in my ears—'usually he sleeps with his assistants'.
"As my PA. Isn't that what you're qualified to do? Or do you want me to hire you as something else?" The unspoken meaning had my skin tingling and tightening. His rich, deep voice had me melting.
"PA is fine," I said cheerfully, pretending not to have a clue what he meant. "But you want to hire me without even hearing my qualifications?"
"Can you work a computer?"
"Yes."
"Can you answer the phone and take messages?"
"Yes."
"Are you organized?"
"Very."
"That's good enough for me. Bottom line, Cleo, I know people. I can sum them up very quickly. You came across as efficient, business-like and funny. In my book, funny people are smart and quick learners. You also proved yourself to be trustworthy. That's more than good enough for me." 
The irony of it wasn't lost on me. He was hiring me because he felt he could trust me, and yet Ellen employed me to betray him. "I have references," I said. And I did. Legitimate ones. None of my targets knew I'd helped their business deals fail and all had given me good references upon leaving their employ. Many had asked me to stay on after my contract was completed, but I always refused. I told them I liked temping. The truth was, I couldn't take them up on their offer and stop working for Ellen. She'd been good to me, but I didn't only stay with her out of loyalty. I refused the permanent jobs because I couldn't work with people I'd lied to and cheated on. I couldn't face them every day knowing what I'd done. It would be like waiting for a bomb to explode in my face. The longer I stayed around, the more chance that I'd get discovered.
"If it makes you feel any better you can email them to me." He gave me his email address then his office address. "I expect you there at eight Monday morning."
So he really didn't want to see my references. "Sure," I heard myself saying. "I'll be there." 
He hung up and I stared at the phone for what seemed like hours. Reece Kavanagh was full of surprises. I couldn't seem to peg him down. Whenever I thought I had him figured out, he did something unexpected. I kept staring at the phone until Becky called to me from the back porch. I waved then went inside. I only hoped I wasn't so vague when I rocked up Monday morning at RK Financial Group's headquarters. I couldn't afford to let down my guard around Reece. Not if I wanted to keep my secrets to myself.




CHAPTER 4


I wore sensible shoes for my first day at RK Financial Group and a business-like skirt and blouse in cool shades of gray. I wore my hair in a tight, high ponytail, aiming for the sexy, sophisticated look. From the slight flare in Reece's eyes when he saw me, I think I pulled it off.
I'd been directed to the executive floor by the downstairs receptionist and told to wait for Mr. Kavanagh to meet me in the foyer area adjoining his office. I didn't have to wait. He was already there when the elevator doors slid open.
"You're early," he said, not even checking his Rolex watch. He looked damned sexy and sophisticated too with no hint of rough stubble on his jaw and not a hair out of place. He wore another expensive suit with a crisp yellow tie and silver cufflinks peeking out from the jacket sleeves. He wasn't smiling.
"I don't like being late." 
Reece stood in front of a glass wall with his name on it. Behind the wall was a large area with a desk, a single droopy potted palm and some modern artwork on the walls. A lounge, two chairs and a low bookshelf made up the rest of the furniture. The bookshelf stood against a wall of polished wood beside a door that led through to another office. It must be Reece's.
"Welcome," he said, opening the glass door for me. "Since you're early, you have time."
"Time for what?"
"To make me a cup of coffee before my first meeting."
I set my bag down on the desk and looked around. "Where's the kitchen?"
"Behind that wall." He touched a panel and waited as it silently slid up to reveal a kitchenette. "Black, one sugar. Make one for yourself as well."
Gee, thanks. 
He left me before I could ask any questions, shutting his office door with a firm click. I quickly assessed my workstation. A password was written in a loopy, childish scrawl on a sticky note attached to the monitor and stationery was placed neatly in the drawers. A set of keys sat on a notepad and a snow globe held down a stack of papers in a tray. Inside the dome was a white polar bear, a forest of firs behind him. It was cheap, the sort of thing that would cost a couple of dollars at a tourist store. I wondered if it had belonged to Ally and whether she'd left it behind on purpose or not. It seemed out of place amid the sleek polished wood of the desk and the expensive furniture. 
I set to work making the coffee then knocked on Reece's door. He opened it, his cell to his ear, and signaled me to enter. I set the cup down on his desk and was about to leave when he hung up.
"Wait," he said, picking up the cup. "Don't knock next time. If I'm on the phone and can't answer, you could be waiting there for hours. Besides, there's no need for formality between us." Was it my imagination or did his voice just lower a notch? 
"Is there something I can do for you before your meeting starts?"
He sipped then set down the cup. "Grab your notebook and pen to take notes. Do you write shorthand?"
"Of course."
He nodded in approval. "They'll be here in a minute."
I took that as a "Hurry up" and returned to my desk. I managed to make myself a coffee and re-enter his office just as his first executive walked in.
I soon learned that most of the senior employees at RK Financial Group were under forty like Reece. Not all wore expensive suits. One had no tie and his shirt sleeves rolled up and another wore jeans. He winked at me as he entered.
"So you're Reece's latest victim," he said with a grin.
I grinned back. "Temporarily."
"Yeah? No wonder he hired you."
I didn't know what that meant, but laughed along with him until I caught Reece's icy glare out of the corner of my eye.
"Everyone, this is Cleo Denny. Cleo, these are my most trusted staff. You'll learn their names as we go."
So much for making me feel comfortable. He seemed to be going out of his way to make me feel like an outsider. I could deal with that. I was an outsider, and planned on keeping it that way where the rest of the staff was concerned.
"I'm Austin," the jeans guy said, holding out his hand to me.
I shook it. "Nice to meet you," I whispered as I sat.
The meeting was short and to the point. It consisted of each man reporting on his department and answering Reece's questions. Even the cheerful Austin spoke with no-nonsense precision. It turned out he was in charge of all the computer systems. 
It wasn't until after the meeting was over that I realized there were no women in the senior group. I tried not to read too much into that as I set to work typing up the notes and getting to know the databases, the files, and the current projects. Ally had left the filing in a bit of a mess and there were some gaps in the database records that I wanted to close. I made some short-term, mid-term and long-term goals for getting everything organized. 
After lunch, when Reece had disappeared to another meeting, I looked for anything I could find on Cassie's house. I was in the middle of reading the contract of sale when a woman of about my age entered through the glass door. 
"Hey," she said with a nod that sent her dark fringe into her eyes. "Is Reece in?"
"No. Can I help you?"
"Sure can." She sat on the edge of a chair on the other side of my desk and leaned forward. "To be honest, I'm glad he's not here." She glanced at his office door as if she expected him to come out. "He makes me nervous."
That made two of us. "I'm Cleo," I said, holding out my hand.
She seemed surprised at first, then took my hand. "Jenny. I'm assistant marketing manager. My boss sent me up here for some information. Actually, he didn't send me, I just decided to come up. I wanted to meet you."
"Thank you. I'm glad you did."
Jenny smiled. She had big teeth inside a big mouth that seemed to stretch from ear to ear when she smiled. Her soft brown eyes danced merrily as they took in my face, my clothes and hair. "You're not his usual type," she said.
"You mean I'm nothing like Ally?"
"Precisely."
"I'll take that as a compliment."
She laughed, a deep chuckle that made her large bosom jiggle beneath her blouse. "I think I'm going to like you."
I leaned forward over the desk and dropped my voice. "Tell me what you know about Mr. Kavanagh."
She gave me a blank look. "Everything there is to know about Mr. Kavanagh you can read in the papers. It's boring but true. His love life is an open book, as I think you already know, and his work life is there in the business pages for everyone to read about."
I nodded. "Yes, but tell me about him. Tell me things I can't find out from reading the papers and society blogs."
She suddenly sat back in her chair and threw up her hands. "God only knows! He hardly sees his employees, except for the executives. All I can tell you is he's too gorgeous for his own good. Women throw themselves at him and he doesn't give a damn. Unless you're a model, forget it. He's not interested."
"That rules me out," I said with a laugh.
"And me." She sighed. "The only people who really know him are his family."
"The Kavanaghs," I muttered. "They're a large family, aren't they? I think I read that somewhere."
"Uh-huh. Rich as Midas too. Most live down by the river, but not all in the same house."
"I remember now. Didn't Reece buy an old house down there?"
"Yep."
"Is he going to live in it?"
"He's going to tear it down. You'll learn all about it soon enough. It's his number one project, so he told my boss. Not sure how it will go down with his family, but I don't think he'll care too much. Rumor is he rarely goes back to the river. Apparently he hates the area."
"Did he have a falling out with his family?"
She shrugged. "All I know is, our Mr. Kavanagh lives in a penthouse in the city. Not sure where precisely. He keeps that to himself, like most other things."
"What other things?"
"Like where the hell he goes every Thursday afternoon, rain, hail or shine."
I went to check his online diary, but Jenny shook her head. 
"Don't bother. It's not in there. None of his PA's could find out where he went. None, including his, um, favorites." She gave me a wink and stood. "I gotta go. Let me know if there's anything you need. My extension is two-one-nine."
She was about to leave, when I thought of something and called out to her. I met her in the foyer near the elevator. "Do you know why Ally left? Did she do something wrong professionally or personally? I just want to know so I don't make the same mistake," I said with a shrug.
"Good idea." Jenny sucked on her lip then let it out with a pop. "Far as I know, she got too clingy. Guess you'd file that under a personal mistake."
"Too clingy? As in she wanted more from him?"
"She wanted a relationship with him. Lately, she would to come down to my desk and whine about how he treated her like just an employee and not his girlfriend."
"I see."
"She wasn't really his girlfriend anyway. He never called her that. If she'd known that he slept with all his PA's before she climbed into his bed, she probably would have saved herself some heartbreak and just had a bit of fun."
"Poor Ally." I now knew why the woman had clung to Reece at the gallery. She'd already felt him slipping away from her and she wanted to hang onto him as long as possible. I couldn't blame her. If I had a guy like that, I'd want to keep him too.
"Don't worry, he won't sleep with you." She shrugged. "Like I said, you don't look like his type. Sorry."
"Don't apologize." I laughed to hide the knot of disappointment in my gut. "I'm hoping to break the cycle and just be his PA." It was strange how Jenny didn't think I was his type, and nor did I, yet Ellen was convinced of it. Maybe she really had got Reece all wrong.
The elevator dinged and Reece stepped out. Jenny jumped out of his way and murmured, "Good afternoon, Mr. Kavanagh."
He nodded at her. "Good afternoon, Jenny. Cleo, I need the latest financial reports on the Doveton development."
He marched through the glass door. Jenny stepped into the elevator and mouthed Good luck.
I mouthed Thanks back and returned to my desk. Reece had left his office door open. I searched through the files and printed out the ones he wanted and took them into him.
He waved me into a seat without looking up from his monitor. I sat and waited, hands in my lap. 
When he finished reading, he leaned back without picking up the reports. "Have you settled in?"
"Yes, thank you."
"I see you've met some of the staff."
"Jenny is very nice. Everyone's been helpful."
"Filling you in on the gossip, no doubt."
Was this another test? I decided to be honest. I had a feeling Reece was a man who liked honesty from his staff. "Actually, yes, but sadly there seems to be very little of it around that isn't public knowledge."
He leaned forward, his elbows on the desk, and pinned me with that icy stare of his. "Is that so? Tell me, Cleo, do you want to ask me something?"
"Yes," I admitted. I would not be intimidated by this man.
"Go ahead. Ask me anything."
"Where do you go Thursday afternoons?"
He blinked slowly. Then he burst out laughing. "That's what you want to know?"
I nodded. 
"You don't want to know who I have lined up for my next date, for example? That seems to be the gossip de jour."
"I'm sure I'll find out in good time. The consensus around the office seems to be that it won't be me." I wasn't sure whether I was saying it out loud to convince him or me. 
His lids lowered. His mouth flattened. "And why would everyone think that when all the evidence is to the contrary? I do have a reputation for sleeping with my assistants."
Oh boy. His smoky voice had a way of stripping defenses I thought were solid. "I'm not your type. Too much school mistress and not enough model."
His left eyebrow kicked up. "Is that so? I had a crush on my fifth grade teacher so don't discount the effect. You know, you're a lot like her except you don't wear glasses. Long brown hair, pretty, slender but with curves in all the right places."  
I squirmed, but refused to lower my gaze. I would not be defeated by his intensity, or his desire. But that didn't mean I didn't feel the responding tug between my thighs. I picked up the papers and handed them across the desk. "Let's just make one thing clear before the day is out. I'm not going to sleep with you, Reece."
He simply gave me a crooked smile, as if he knew differently. Jerk. "I don't suppose you'd consider glasses."
I let go of the papers and they landed softly on the desk in front of him. "Can I ask you another question?"
The light danced in his eyes. "Go ahead."
"Did you know I was in the storeroom before you made love to Ally?"
The light in his eyes dimmed. Was he embarrassed by my question? I hoped so, because I felt almost too awkward to ask it. But part of me had to know. I didn't understand why. "After," he said without meeting my gaze. "If I'd known you were there, I would have stopped." He picked up the papers, still avoiding my gaze, but then he set them down again. "Seeing as we're asking personal questions of one another, I have one for you."
"Go ahead. But I won't be answering anything too personal. Let's keep our relationship on a business footing, okay?"
"This shouldn't be too personal, but I can't make that promise of future questions."
"And I can't make promises that I'll answer them."
"Don't make me snoop. I don't like spying on my employees."
Hell. He would spy on me? I swallowed. "Just ask your question."
"Will your connection to the Serendipity Bend property cause any problems?"
I paused for a heartbeat, thinking through my answer. "None that I can foresee."
"Your sister won't get mad?"
"My sister doesn't know I work for you and nor will she find out. This job is only temporary and it makes no difference whether I work for you or not, you'll still go ahead with your plans."
"What makes you say that?"
"Because rumor has it you're a cold-hearted son of a bitch and won't care who asks you not to bulldoze that house. You'll still do it."
He huffed out a gruff laugh. "At least you're honest. Few people around here are. Aren't you afraid of losing your job?"
"I'm a temp, Reece. I start and finish jobs all the time. I'll find another one."
"Sure you will. But no boss will be as good to work for as me."
Arrogant asshole. I turned on a smile. "Speaking of which, I haven't signed a contract yet. Who should I speak to for the paperwork?"
"Leave it with me."
"But I'd like to get it sorted soon, before we both get too comfortable."
"Too late. I'm already comfortable. You've taken notes in my meetings, made plans to fix Ally's mistakes and even watered the plant." At my raised brows, he gave me a wicked smiled. "I snooped around your workspace while you were at lunch."
"That's hardly fair."
"I don't play fair, Cleo. Cold-hearted son of a bitch, remember?"
I stood abruptly and fixed him with my most serious glare. He could do whatever he liked to try and intimidate me or control me, or whatever it was he was trying to do, but it wouldn't work. In essence, I didn't work for him, I worked for Ellen and I was employed to stop his Serendipity Bend project before the bulldozers showed up. Doing that was far more important than playing his games.
"Have my employment contract on my desk by the morning," I said and stalked to the door.
Somehow he reached it first. He blocked the doorway with his formidable body. Being so close to him was like being on the edge of a black hole. All my bravado was sucked out of me by his compelling presence. The woman in me just wanted to reach out and touch his abs beneath his shirt. But we didn't touch, just stared one another down. I prayed he couldn't see the anxiety in my eyes. 
"You don't order me about," he said in a low voice that rumbled up from the depths of his chest. "Got that?"
I nodded primly. "Of course. As your employee, I would never dream of doing such a thing. Would it help if I said please?"
He seemed uncertain how to react to my sweet turn. His gaze softened and he lowered his arm. "You can get me another coffee before you leave for the day."
"You shouldn't drink so much coffee. It's bad for you." I held up my hands in surrender. "But I wouldn't dream of telling you what to do. It's your health." I lowered my lashes, hoping for the smoky, sexy look that he'd perfected. "Your body."
 I brushed past him, holding my breath in the hope that if I didn't breathe in his scent, I wouldn't be affected. Wrong. My insides flipped as my arm touched his. There might have been clothing between us, but I felt the jolt of my body's awareness as surely as a lightning strike. 
I didn't look back to see if he'd felt it too. I hurried to the little kitchenette and made him a coffee. I took it into him but he didn't look up from his papers. I left his office, shut the door, and settled back at my desk. It was past five, but I didn't plan on leaving yet. Not only did I have a lot of Reece's work to do, I also needed to follow Ellen's techniques for ingratiating myself. That meant working extra hard, harder than any PA he'd had before. I called Becky and let her know I wouldn't be home for dinner. She said she'd make something that I could heat up later. She was used to me not coming home until all hours.
Three hours later, Reece emerged from his office. He was rubbing his hand over his face so didn't see me straight away. My breath caught in my throat. The brief moment in which he thought he was alone told me more about Reece Kavanagh than anything else so far. He was tired, yes, but troubled too. The way he lowered his head and the groaning sigh were a sure sign that he had something on his mind.
I wished I could alleviate the pressure for him.
The moment of vulnerability shattered when he drew his hand away and spotted me. We both stared at one another, neither speaking. I tried to search for something to say and failed. I couldn't even muster a smile. The urge to take his face in my hands and brush away the shadows with my thumbs was overwhelming.
I dug my fingers into the leather of my seat.
"You're still here," he said lamely.
I nodded. "There's a lot to do."
He gave a small shake of his head and shoulders as if he were shrugging off his problems. The shadows lurking in his eyes vanished, replaced with the familiar coldness that he seemed to wrap around himself when he needed to be the big bad boss. "It's late, Cleo. Go home."
"In a minute. I just want to finish looking at these spreadsheets."
"Trying to impress me?"
"No. Trying to work out why you've spent so much on servers in the last year and your system is still slow."
He frowned. "What do you mean?"
"You don't think it's slow? I've worked in several companies, some bigger than this one, and their systems work more efficiently."
"Austin tells me it's just the nature of technology these days. Our company is information hungry and all that data takes up more and more space. He claims to have bought the best servers money can buy."
"That's what it says here on the spreadsheets." I nodded at the monitor and he came around to stand behind me. I could feel his heat and intensity, but he didn't touch me. I tried to concentrate on the task at hand. "I recognize this hardware brand, and Austin's right, they are the best. They should be able to cope with RK's databases without any problems. Other places I've worked for have installed these servers and they're just as data hungry, if not more so, than RK."
"Pull up the order forms," he said.
"I've been trying to but they're password protected." I showed him one to prove it. 
He thumped the back of my chair. "Who password protects an order form?"
"Someone with something to hide."
"There's an easy way to check on this," he said, already walking to the door that led to the elevator. "Come on."
I raced after him and we stepped into the elevator together and rode down to the second floor, the home of the Information Technology department. There was still one guy working, a nerdy looking kid with more spots than freckles. 
"Mr. Kavanagh!" he cried upon seeing us. "Can I help you, sir?"
"This is my PA, Cleo," Reece said. "Your name is?"
"Tad."
"Tad, show me into your server room."
Tad jumped up from his desk and punched a code into the pad on the wall behind him. The door to the server room clicked open and we were confronted by a blast of cool air and the humming of processors. 
Reece pointed to the name on one of the servers. "Is this a good brand?" he asked Tad. 
"Servers aren't really my area," the kid said. "I'm more about the software."
"Do you know if this is a good brand or not?"
Tad swallowed and nodded quickly. "One of the best."
Reece looked to me, his brows raised.
"Look at the model number," I told him. "Is that a good model?" I asked Tad. 
Tad pushed up his glasses and checked the number. "It's a few years old now and was only ever intended for small to medium data loads. Kind of surprised Austin still has them. Maybe that's why we've been having problems with speed."
"Thank you," Reece said.
We filed out of the server room and headed back up to the executive level. "Gather your things, I'm driving you home. We'll talk on the way." He didn't sound like he wanted me to question him. He sounded furious.
I shut down my computer and grabbed my bag. "I don't need a lift," I said as we got back into the elevator. 
"You're not catching the bus home at this time of night on your own."
"How did you know I didn't drive in?"
His gaze slid to mine. "I just do."
I wasn't sure what to think. I didn't want him to drive me home where Becky could see me getting out of his car, but I liked the idea of spending more time with him, even though he seemed in a frighteningly intense mood. In the end, the need for secrecy won out. That's me, always sensible.
"I'll catch the bus," I said.
He blew out a breath and looked to the ceiling. "Fine, if you don't want to get in the car with me, let me pay for a cab."
"But—"
"You're not catching the bus home now. It'll be dark soon." The doors slid open and we stepped out into the foyer. There was no one about.
"If you insist."
"I do. Tomorrow, you can drive in and park below."
I shook my head. "I can't. My sister sometimes needs the car."
"She doesn't have her own?"
"No." We could only afford to run one.
We walked outside into the balmy evening. A light breeze rustled my hair and carried the fumes of the city on it. The sun had sunk behind the tall buildings behind us, its glow reflected in the topmost glass panels of the high-rise opposite. The lower reaches of the street were shrouded in shadows. 
Reece looked for a cab. "How did you know all that information about servers?" he asked.
"I've worked in a variety of companies. One had the same problem as you—a slow system, apparently the latest equipment, and a corrupt employee. I learned a lot there."
A cab pulled up and he opened the door for me. "Thank you, Cleo," he said softly. "I'm glad I hired you." 
I was about to say something off-handed to lighten the moment, but as soon as my gaze connected with his, all lightness vanished. There was no flirting in his eyes, no teasing, just genuine admiration. It sent my heart skipping inside my chest. I was well on the way to making myself invaluable to RK Financial Group, and I couldn't be more pleased. And more worried. I liked it when he looked at me like that. I could get too used to it.
"What will you do to Austin?" I asked.
"Fire him."
"Without allowing him an explanation?"
"What explanation can possibly make up for what he did? It's not the loss of money that bothers me, it's the deception. I thought he was a friend. I went to his wedding for Christ's sake. Apparently that friendship meant nothing."
I gave a small nod and climbed into the back seat of the cab, my blood pumping hot and thick through my veins. I gave the driver my address and didn't try to stop Reece paying him in advance. I couldn't look at him. Didn't dare let him see my eyes. If he did, he would know I was deceiving him too.



CHAPTER 5


I worked late every night that week and the next, as well as taking work home on the weekends. Becky complained that she hardly saw me anymore, but I told her I needed to make a good impression. 
"Is your boss nice?" she asked one night as I warmed up the chicken and rice she'd cooked earlier. 
"He's okay."
"What's the company name again? I don't think you told me."
"It's a financial corporation. They buy and sell properties, shares, businesses, that sort of thing."
"Sounds boring."
I laughed, relieved that she hadn't noticed my lack of a direct answer. "It's actually pretty interesting."
"I'm just glad you like it, Cleo. I'd hate for you to put in all this work for something you hated." The microwave beeped and she took out the plate but didn't let go when I grabbed it. She searched my face. "You wouldn't stick with a job you hated just for the money, right? You'd tell me if we were having financial problems."
"Of course."
She let go and I sat on a stool at the bench. "I do like the job." That at least wasn't a lie. "I've been given a lot of leeway to make it my own." Reece had left me largely up to my own devices, something I was grateful for. It meant I could snoop around and find out as much as I could about the Serendipity Bend project. So far I'd learned very little. He had preliminary plans drawn up for a boutique hotel on the site, and a contractor ready to go whenever they were approved.
There was nothing underhanded that I could see. No rushing through of the plans, which ordinarily indicated a secret payment had been made to the planning department, and the sale had been straightforward. He'd paid Cassie's brother a lot of money for the house so I couldn't even claim Reece had strong-armed him into the sale. 
What did strike me as weird was that it was right next door to his parents' house where he'd grown up. Surely they didn't want their son to build a hotel so close to their family home. Although their land was extensive enough that any kind of development wouldn't overshadow the house and immediate surrounds, it would bring down the neighborhood. The old money people who lived in The Bend wouldn't want a modern eyesore in their midst. 
One day I would ask Reece what his family thought, but not yet. As far as he was concerned, I didn't know where he had been brought up. 
"How's Cassie?" I asked. "Has she made any progress on stopping Reece Kavanagh's plans?"
Becky leaned her elbows on the kitchen bench, a cool glass of water in hand. "Nope. He's not returning her calls."
I frowned. I hadn't put through any calls from Cassie. She must have dialed his cell phone or another private number. She had admitted that they knew each other, and it seemed they'd grown up as neighbors, so it was no surprise that she didn't contact him via the office. 
"I don't get him," Becky said with a shake of her head. "Cassie said he never used to be such an asshole, but he changed."
"What changed him?"
"She wouldn't say, but I think she knows."
"Secrets," I muttered, scooping up some rice on my fork. "Everyone has them."
***
"You've been working hard," Reece said on my third Thursday morning at RK. He sat on the corner of my desk, his arms folded over his chest. He'd removed his tie and jacket and had his sleeves rolled up to his elbows. All his meetings were finished for the day and his calendar was free for the rest of the afternoon, as it was every Thursday. He'd made it clear when I started that nothing was ever to be organized for Thursdays after one. "You deserve a break."
I eyed him carefully. He seemed too cheerful. "You're not going to make me join you in a round of corporate paint ball, are you?"
He laughed. "No, but I'll keep it in mind."
I laughed too. Reece seemed to have relaxed a little in the past few days. He'd fired Austin the morning after we'd discovered his deception and brooded about it for more than a week. He felt the betrayal deeply, and I noticed the change in the way he treated all his staff from that moment. He no longer joked with them or asked after their families. He kept his distance with everyone.
Everyone except me. 
The more he pushed them away, the closer he drew me in. He asked me about Becky, but I told him as little as possible. I kept her health scare to myself. He never asked about my parents and I never mentioned them. I desperately wanted to find out about his past, but I didn't want to seem too interested. He did speak fondly about his brothers a few times, but the topic of his parents never arose. As far as I could tell, he did not visit them and I received no calls from them for him. Of course his family would have his private numbers, but still, his silence on the matter got me intrigued. He might flaunt his dates in public, but everything else was kept close to his chest, including what he did Thursday afternoons.
We did talk politics and economics, books and movies, current affairs and history, however. Our conversations ranged from the deep to the frivolous. We worked long hours, sometimes at the same desk, looking at the same monitor. His knowledge of business and financials was impressive, and I felt out of my depth, but he showed me how he'd come to his conclusions step by step. I slowly took over more of the internal, day-to-day running of the organization to free up his time to do what he did best—make money for his stakeholders. 
I'd never been so in sync with my managers before. With anyone. It was the perfect partnership. That's why it scared the hell out of me. 
What was he going to do if he found out I was lying to him?
But I couldn't think like that. None of my other bosses had ever learned of my deception and it was unlikely Reece would either. As soon as I'd found something to thwart his Serendipity plans and passed it along to Ellen, I would end the contract, claiming it was time to move on, and quietly leave his employment.
In the mean time, I had to keep my wits about me and my hormones in check. I was doing okay at the former, but not the latter. My hormones jumped whenever he brushed against me. He never mentioned sleeping with me again, but I got the impression he hadn't forgotten his promise that he always slept with his assistants. He made it impossible to forget. It was in his eyes as he watched me, and was definitely present whenever we accidentally touched. It was just a hand here or an arm there, but the contact always sent my heart rate higher and my blood warmer. 
"What kind of break did you have in mind?" I asked. Maybe he would invite me along to wherever it was he went on Thursday afternoons.
"I've been invited to a launch party by the CEO of a company I invest in. They're releasing a new version of their phone."
I sat back and blinked at him. "You want me to be your date," I said flatly.
He shrugged. "Call it whatever you like. I'm asking you to accompany me."
"I told you, I won't sleep with you."
"I don't go past first base on a first date," he said, eyes twinkling. 
Yeah, sure. Like I was going to fall for that. Besides, I knew about the phone launch. I'd even seen the invitation when it came across my desk. There would be media in attendance and gossip mongers watching the high flying corporate types. Everyone would see me on Reece's arm and would conclude that I was his latest fuck. No thanks. It wasn't what I signed up for, and it certainly wasn't a good idea where Becky was concerned. She'd hate me if she found out.
"Going out with you is not my idea of a break," I lied. A quiet date, with no attention, sounded wonderful, but I didn't tell him that. "Unlike you, I don't mix work and pleasure."
He drew his lips together and stared down at the desk. After a moment he blew out a breath and stood. "Don't make me fire you," he said lazily as he walked into his office. "You're too good to lose."
I stared at his closed door. I wasn't sure what to make of that comment. All I did know was that I'd liked having him sit on my desk with me, flirt with me, and ask me out. Liked it very much. If circumstances were different—
No. Forget that kind of talk. Circumstances weren't different. It was pointless pining for something that wasn't mine to have. Guys like Reece Kavanagh broke hearts. They didn't want long term, only short. The evidence of it was in the document Ellen had given me listing his girlfriends. His many, many girlfriends. Or rather, dates. Girlfriend implied he cared. I doubted Reece had cared for the likes of Ally. His cavalier dismissal of her after fucking her in the storeroom was evidence of that. No way would I let him do that to me. I was no different to Ally when it boiled down to it. I'd hate to have a man like Reece in my bed only to lose him after I fell hard.
***
I ate lunch at my desk like I often did. I was just finishing up my sandwich when he walked past, briefcase in hand. 
"See you tomorrow, Cleo. Don't work too late. Even you need a break sometimes."
"Got any plans this afternoon?" I asked innocently.
"You know I do."
I watched him step into the elevator and the doors slid closed. As soon as they were firmly shut, I leapt up and grabbed my bag. I ran after him and punched the button until the second elevator arrived. I tapped my foot on the floor and got strange looks from everyone as I rode it down to street level. Luckily a cab had just pulled up to let someone out. I climbed in, my bag on my lap and peered through the windscreen.
"Wait," I told the driver. The door to the underground parking lot slid up and Reece's sleek black Jaguar drove out. "Follow that car."
The driver stepped on the pedal. We wound our way through the city traffic, keeping the sporty Jaguar just ahead. Once we hit the freeway, the driver had difficulty keeping up. Reece didn't break the speed limit, but he wove in and out of cars like he was playing Super Mario Brothers.
We drove for thirty minutes then turned onto a smaller road then a smaller one again. The traffic was light and I worried that Reece would easily spot us, but he never slowed down. The road narrowed to a single lane with rough edges and overgrown branches that whipped at his Jaguar. Finally, we rounded a bend and I could see him slowing down ahead. There were two other cars parked nearby, both with two surfboards each strapped to their roof. I ordered the driver to stop.
"Wait here for me," I said, opening the door. "I'll be a few minutes."
I walked the rest of the way, keeping to the shadows. My heels sank into the sandy soil and the warm salty breeze had me shedding my crop jacket. Waves crashed over rocks in the distance, but we weren't at any beach I recognized. Wherever we were, it was somewhere few people ventured.
I watched from behind a bush as Reece greeted some other guys. It shocked me to see they all looked similar. They were tall, tanned and more handsome than a man had a right to be. I knew without a doubt that they were Reece's brothers. There were only three, however, not four, and they didn't appear to be waiting for anyone else to arrive. They removed wetsuits from trunks and stripped off near the cars.
Whoa. It's possible that my eyes bulged out of my head. I had the perfect view of Reece's perfect back and ass. Even from a distance I could see his strong, corded muscles across his shoulders and down his back. His butt was taut and bitable, the whole package a sexy, masculine V. I squinted, trying to see better, but he quickly drew on the wetsuit to his waist. Then he turned around and I got to admire the front view.
It was everything I knew it would be. He had the abs of an athlete, all dips and ridges, and the chest of a swimmer. I couldn't tear my gaze away. I was riveted and quite possibly drooling too.
Suddenly the other three guys lined up alongside him, all with their wetsuits open to their waists. Reece turned on them and said something. The other three ignored him and, still facing me, waved in my direction. 
I ducked behind the bush. They'd seen me! God dammit. That meant Reece must have known I was there all along. I watched through the leaves and saw him shove the nearest guy in the arm. The three brothers were laughing. Reece wasn't. He left them to untie a board from one of the other cars. Eventually they joined him and all four disappeared through the scrub beyond which I could hear the rolling waves of the surf.
I wanted to follow and watch, but I knew what was good for me. I had to get out of there and think of an excuse that would preserve my dignity. But I couldn't think of anything. My mind was blank. No, not blank. It was still picturing the best ass I'd ever seen, and the best chest, shoulders, abs…
I sighed. Now that I'd seen the package I'd been refusing all this time, I was doubly glad I'd already turned down his invitation to accompany him the following night. There was no way in hell I could withstand the force of Reece Kavanagh if he asked again because, well, I just didn't want to anymore.
***
The following morning, an invitation to the launch party with my name on it sat on my keyboard. I stared at it, wondering if I should screw it up and get rid of it before Reece saw. But Reece probably already knew it was there. He goddamned knew everything.
His door opened and he filled the doorway. The smile he gave me was all mischief. He nodded at the invitation. "I hate to lose. I thought you would have realized that by now."
At least he hadn't mentioned me following him to the beach. Yet. I set down my bag and switched on the computer. "You contacted someone and had them courier this out. That's sneaky."
"I prefer resourceful." He came into my part of the office and seemed to fill that with his presence too. He passed by my desk and pressed the wall panel to reveal the kitchenette. "This way you can attend, but not with me. You don't have to be seen with me if you don't want to."
"Then why do you want me there at all?"
"For later," he murmured, glancing at me over his shoulder. His cool eyes surveyed my face.  
I swallowed. 
"And because you should be there," he said as he made himself a coffee. "This new phone is an important development for a company RK invests in, and you're an important part of RK."
I fingered the stiff cream card and traced my nail over the black lettering. "What if I say no?"
"You won't," he said.
"How do you know?"
"Because I'm ordering you to attend. Unless you have something important to do, you have to come. Besides." He turned around, coffee cup in hand, and leaned back against the bench. "I know you want to."
Be calm, Cleo. "What makes you say that?"
His eyes met mine over the rim of the cup. They were devil's eyes, all-knowing and fathomless. "Don't pretend you're not interested in seeing more of me. Yesterday proved it."
My face grew hot and I wanted to hide under my desk, but there was no hiding from those eyes. They saw into me and stripped me naked, leaving me defenseless. "I saw quite a bit of you yesterday," I said crisply. "That's enough for me, thank you."
"Is it?" he drawled, like he didn't believe a word. "We'll see about that."
I turned to my computer and forced myself not to engage with him. It seemed to end badly whenever I verbally sparred with him. The man always seemed to have the last word and get his way. 
"Those were my brothers, by the way," he said, coming around to the front of my desk.
"All three of them?" I asked, feigning innocence.
He nodded. "I have four brothers, but Blake was missing." He spoke so softly I forgot my resolve not to look at him and glanced up. He was staring into his cup, a sad twist to his mouth. "He's been missing for a while."
"You don't know where he is?"
"We have some idea. It's impossible to hide from the Kavanaghs forever. But he never communicates with us."
"Why?" 
"It's a long story."
"I have the time."
His lashes fluttered closed and when they reopened, the steeliness was back in his eyes. All traces of vulnerability had been wiped out. "No you don't. We've got work to do. I want to move things along with the Serendipity Bend project."
Just like that he shut me out. The small window into his soul was closed as quickly as it had opened and he was back to being business-like again. I wanted to ask him more about his brothers, not Blake, but the other three. They'd seemed mischievous and so unlike Reece that it was hard to imagine them being related. I wondered if I'd ever get to meet them.
The hard click of his door closing snapped me out of those kinds of thoughts. I didn't want to meet Reece's family. I didn't want to get close to the man. I much preferred the mischievous surfer side of him to stay hidden. I liked it too damn much.



CHAPTER 6


"You look amazing," Becky said when I pirouetted to show off my outfit. The black dress flipped out, revealing a lot of thigh. I'd have to remember not to spin around on the dance floor. Not that I anticipated any dancing at a product launch.
"Are these earrings okay?" I asked, touching the conservative gold and diamond loops. Dad had given them to our mother on their twentieth wedding anniversary. They were the most expensive pieces of jewelry Becky and I owned.
"Perfect." She sat on my bed, her legs stretched out so that her damp toenail polish didn't rub off on the cover. She'd decided to color them the same deep pink as mine. "And I like your hair out like that. It makes a change from the conservative styles you've worn lately."
I checked myself in the mirror. My hair had gotten long. I'd been too busy to cut it, but I liked the curl Becky had created with the curling wand I'd never mastered. 
"He's going to be impressed," she said.
I gasped. "Who?"
"Calm down, Cleo. I don't who know you've got a crush on. I just assumed there's some guy at this thing you want to impress."
"Oh. Right. No, nobody. It'll just be a bunch of old, bald, fat businessmen."
"Yeah, right. You wouldn't be going to all this trouble if it were just a bunch of OBFs." She giggled. "Whoever he is, he'll want to sleep with you as soon as he sees you."
I glared at her in the mirror's reflection. "I do not want to sleep with him. Anyone."
She just grinned.
I looked at myself again. Maybe I should put on lower heels and remove some makeup. And the curl in my hair had to go. In fact, I should just tie it up.
Becky leapt off the bed and caught me by the shoulders. "I know that look," she said to my reflection. "Do not change a single thing. You'll fit right in. I've seen these things in the papers and all the women look like movie stars, but you'll surpass them all."
I snorted. "I doubt it."
"I can't believe you got an invite! You're so lucky. I love their phones. I don't suppose you can pick me up a new one."
"I'll see what I can do, but I'm not there to freeload."
"Then what's the point?"
"To represent my company since my boss can't make it." I'd told Becky all about the phone launch, even going so far as to tell her the company I worked for invested in it. I didn't tell her the company name and she didn't ask. There were probably dozens of large investors behind the scenes and it wasn't like Becky would know how to find out that information anyway. I was in no danger of being discovered as long as I didn't walk in or out with Reece Kavanagh. Inside, the only cameras allowed were the official ones and they wouldn't pan the audience, only the stage. I would be safe in there.
The cab honked out the front. I grabbed my clutch and kissed Becky's cheek. "Don't wait up."
"Have a good time!" she called as I headed out the door. "Send me a text if you're not coming home tonight."
"Becky!"
***
I hated large functions where I didn't know anyone. Part of me had gotten used to them, having been invited to a few work ones in my time. But the introvert in me wanted to turn around and go home. I forced myself to stay and picked off a glass of champagne from a passing waiter's tray. I searched the crowd for Reece, but I was too short to see over the heads, even in my heels. 
I made my way past many OBF men in conversation with trophies and other OBFs until I finally saw the back of a head that looked familiar. Make that two. They were bent in conversation near a curtain at the side of the stage, and did not look around as I approached. I was sure one of them was Reece and the other must have been one of his brothers. Not too many guys had a physique like the Kavanagh men.
I was about to greet him when I heard the one who wasn't Reece say, "About yesterday."
I almost turned around right there and walked off. No way did I want to see the man who knew I'd followed Reece. It had been humiliating enough at the time, and I didn't want to relive it. 
But Reece's response stopped me walking away. "Thursdays are supposed to be for surfing, not the other crap," he growled. "You promised not to talk business."
"You gave us no choice. You haven't been answering anyone's calls and it's the only time we get to see you. We're used to you not coming home, but not the phone silence."
So it was true that Reece never went home. I angled myself into the curtain so that I was hidden from their view if they turned around, but close enough to hear. Unfortunately I could no longer see them either.
"I haven't been answering your calls because you say the same things over and over," Reece said. 
The brother sighed. "That's because time's running out. You need to stop this, now, before it gets out of hand."
"Too late. It's going ahead."
"Jesus, Reece, don't do this to Cass. She doesn't deserve it after everything she's been through."
"It's not about her." The edge of steel in Reece's voice was unmistakable. Most mere mortals would back down if he spoke to them like that, but not his brother. 
"It affects her big time," he said, matching Reece's frosty tone. "If you opened your eyes, you'd see that." 
"Do you forget how she treated Blake?" 
"Do you forget how he loves her?" 
"Loved, past tense." 
"You sure about that?" A heavy silence followed. I pictured them squaring off, maybe staring each other down with matching ice-blue eyes. Finally, when I became worried that they'd walked off, the other Kavanagh said, "Who are you looking for?"
"Cleo."
"Ah. Your little puppy."
I bristled. Puppy? What the hell? Just because I followed Reece once did not make me a damned puppy.
"Do I get to meet her tonight?" the brother asked.
"Maybe."
"Are you going to sleep with her?"
"None of your damned business."
The brother chuckled. "Touchy. That's so unlike you when it comes to your women."
There was more silence. This time it stretched a long time. I peeked around the curtain edge and saw they'd disappeared. I stepped out of my hiding place and moved into the center of the room just as someone dressed in a casual shirt walked on stage.
"There you are," came Reece's honey-thick voice close behind me. "I've been looking for you."
"I've been right here," I said without turning around. I could feel him at my back, not touching, but near enough to send tingles washing over my skin. 
"I like that dress on you."
"Thank you."
"I'm going to like it even more when you're out of it."
Oh boy. My resolve crumbled a little more with every whispered word. In fact, I couldn't even remember why I'd decided to resist him. Something about morals and short-term arrangements…
Music pumped out of loud speakers and the presenter received polite applause. I applauded too, but I didn't hear any of the presentation. The next thirty minutes were a blur. I was aware of Reece at my back, and only Reece. It was like we were submerged in an airtight bubble deep under water. Just the two of us with no one else around.
Finally the presentation finished and the crowd resumed mingling and drinking. The fun part of the evening was about to begin. I turned around and caught Reece staring down at me, his face a study of intensity. I thought I heard his breath hitch, but I could have been mistaken.
"You're beautiful," he murmured.
I flushed to the roots of my hair. "It's the dress," I muttered, waving my empty glass around. "And my sister did my hair." Could I sound any more like an idiot? 
He took my glass from my hand and swapped it for a full one as a waiter passed. He held it out to me but didn't let go. Our fingers touched. The combination of the cool glass and his warm skin caused havoc with my senses, but one thing I knew for sure—every part of me was aware of him. Just him. The rest of the crowd may well have not been there. It was just the two of us, alone, touching. It wasn't nearly enough to satisfy me.
"I want to take you home, Cleo." He made my name sound like a shimmer of moonlight on water, soft and ethereal and very beautiful.
I should have reminded him that I wasn't going to sleep with him, but my voice failed me. My tongue didn't want to deny what my body wanted.
"Kavanagh!" interrupted the presenter, slapping Reece on the shoulder. "Been looking for you."
Reece's eyes momentarily flared with frustration, but he quickly schooled his expression and turned to the man whose presentation I'd missed thanks to Reece.
"Davies," Reece greeted him. "Good work up there. It's going to be another hit."
Davies grinned. "I'll have a dozen sent round to your office Monday morning."
"My staff will like that. Cleo will receive two." He gently drew me into the conversation with a hand on my elbow. "Cleo Denny is my new PA. Cleo, meet Jarrod Davies."
Jarrod Davies's eyes heated as he studied me. "Pleased to meet you, Cleo. Kavanagh is a lucky man." He leaned in and winked. "If you ever get tired of working for him, give me a call."
My back stiffened. Red flashed before my eyes, a sure sign of my temper rising. "I'm Mr. Kavanagh's PA," I ground out through my clenched jaw. 
Reece's hand tightened around my elbow. "And a damned good one," he said. "Not only has she reorganized the office, she's saved me money in a number of departments. Don't offend her, Davies." The threatening note threaded through his quiet voice chilled me. "I can't afford to lose her."
Davies' tongue darted out and licked his bottom lip. He nodded quickly. "So what did you think of the presentation? Do we need more razzle dazzle next time? Maybe some pretty girls?"
I excused myself and headed for the bathroom. I was intercepted on my way back by a man who had to be Reece's brother. I hadn't seen his face up close yet, but the resemblance to Reece was unmistakable. The features were the same strong ones arranged just a little differently, yet still devastatingly handsome. His eyes were a different shade of blue to Reece's. They were darker, like a deep ocean, and frighteningly intense.
"You must be Cleo," he said, thrusting out his hand. "I'm Ash Kavanagh. Reece's brother."
I shook his hand. "Pleased to meet you. Where are you in the pecking order?"
"Third, right in the middle. Just below the two bossiest and above the two hell raisers."
"Does that make you the peacemaker?"
He thought about it a moment then nodded. "I guess that sums me up. I'm the one who toes the family line. That's why I'm here tonight."
"What line of business is the family in?"
"The same as Reece. Kavanagh Corporation is a major shareholder in a bunch of things. Dad has more or less retired so it's up to me to run it these days."
Here was my chance to learn more about Reece, but I needed to do it before he found us. I suspected he wouldn't like me grilling his brother about him. "Why did Reece go out on his own and not join the family business?"
"He hasn't been around much in the last few years. Neither has Blake." His mouth flattened and shadows filled his eyes. Whatever had happened to the brothers had affected them all. The urge to ask ate at me, but I couldn't. Not yet. I didn't want to scare away my only source of information. "Being the next eldest, the business fell into my hands. We're trying to get my younger brothers to take up more responsibility, but they're too busy partying. There are too many distractions when you're in your twenties."
I laughed. "You must still be in your twenties too, surely. If Reece is the eldest and only thirty-three, you have to be thirty at the most. Unless you're a twin with brother number two?"
"No twin and you're right. I'm thirty. But keeping the peace can prematurely age a guy."
"I know what you mean," I said. "I have a sister and keeping her in line can be a balancing act."
"Reece said she was younger than you."
"He mentioned me?"
The corners of his mouth lifted in a small smile. "Once or twice."
That impish smile reminded me of something. "I should apologize for yesterday," I said with a wince. "I'd been wondering where Reece went on Thursday afternoons and he wouldn't tell me. I guess curiosity got the better of me."
"He never told you he met us?" He blanched. "He can be private, but I thought he would have informed you. I'm glad to see you're not angry about our little bit of fun. I blame the two hell raisers for encouraging me to join in."
"I find blaming the hell raisers always works too. And of course I'm not angry. I was presented with four very nice views. What's there to be angry about?"
He laughed. "No wonder Reece likes you. You've got a sense of humor. Makes a nice change to his other…PAs." He cleared his throat and lowered his gaze. 
I hardly noticed his discomfort. The words 'Reece likes you' were still echoing around my brain.  
Ash glanced over his shoulder at the crowd. "You better return to him soon or he'll come looking for you."
"I'm not his puppy," I said before I could check myself. Damn. I should have kept my mouth shut. Now he knew I'd overheard him earlier, which only confirmed that I did follow Reece around. For some reason, I didn't want this man to think me pathetic.
"Right. Sorry." He frowned and his gaze shifted to the spot where he and Reece had been standing near the curtain earlier. "I really am sorry, Cleo. Now that I've met you I can see you're not a sycophant. You've got a spine." 
"Thank you. I think." He still looked uncomfortable and genuinely sorry, so I smiled to show him I wasn't offended. Talking to him had proven one thing, however. I may have a spine, but I needed to use it more where Reece was concerned. No more following him around.
"I do have another motive for talking to you," he said, once more checking over his shoulder for Reece. "We want you to try and get Reece to leave Cassie and her house alone."
Aha. Interesting. I had briefly wondered if Ash or the Kavanagh family was Ellen's secret client, but if that were the case, Ash wouldn't have approached me now. He would know Ellen had it under control.
"We?" I echoed.
"My brothers and I."
"Not your parents?"
"Our parents are…" He sighed. "Our parents stay out of our business and our lives. They let us make our own mistakes and our own way forward, or back, without interfering. It's made for an interesting upbringing, I guess, but at times like this I wish they'd just sit Reece down and give him a talking to."
"They're not going to tell him how they feel?"
"They're sure he'll make the right decision in the end."
They sounded somewhat cold, distant. My parents had been the opposite. I wouldn't have called them interfering, just interested. There was a difference. It seemed Reece and his brothers had never learned that difference.
"You don't trust him to make the right decision?" I asked. 
He heaved a sigh. "I want to. Hell, I really want to. But time's running out and I don't see him wavering. He seems just as determined as ever. Years ago, you could trust he would do the right thing. Not anymore."
Reece was cool and distant too, just like his parents. It figured, considering he'd not had warm, loving role models in his life. 
"I don't know if you're aware," Ash went on, "but Reece is used to getting what he wants. It comes with being the eldest of five, maybe. He has always bossed us around, always been in control. Only Blake stood up to him when we were younger because he was the closest to Reece in size back then. But Blake's gone." He blew out a breath. "That's the problem right there in a nutshell."
"What do you mean?" I was beginning to see the link between Reece, his brother Blake's absence, and Cassie, but there was something missing. Something important that I felt was close enough for me to grasp, but too slippery to catch. I hoped Ash would provide the answer, but he just shook his head.
"Those are Reece's demons to tell, not mine."
Damn. "I want to help you, Ash, but how do you think I should get him to change his mind?"
He shrugged. "I don't know. Sometimes I don't feel like I know him anymore. He never comes home. He hasn't been to the house in years."
"Not even to see your parents?"
"Nope. He expects everyone to come to him nowadays. Don't think that it's his fault entirely. Those demons I spoke of visit him often and they're still living in The Bend."
My heart softened. It was almost impossible to think that the hard, cold Reece Kavanagh had demons, yet it made sense. I'd seen him look vulnerable on occasion and knew there was more to him than the hardworking asshole. He could be genuinely happy when something amused him. Yet he seemed to want to bury that side of himself. To please his wealthy, successful and unemotional parents? Or for some other reason?
The distant parenting shed some light on why he never kept girlfriends, only bedroom partners. Clearly intimacy freaked him out. He didn't know how to respond when someone showed genuine affection and wanted more from him. So he pushed them away, just like he pushed away his brothers. 
That was my theory and I thought it worked. Maybe. 
"Gotta go," Ash said, moving off before I could say anything. It took me a moment to realize he'd spotted Reece coming toward us. The crowd parted for him in Biblical proportions and he prowled up to me as arrogantly as an alpha lion.
"What was my brother saying?" he growled.
I stood my ground. I knew a little more about the guy now. Hearing the way his brother spoke of him and their parents helped me look past the arrogance through to the real Reece. But it was still damned hard to stand up to him when he was in such a dark mood. 
"He was apologizing for embarrassing me yesterday," I said.
His gaze narrowed. "If that was all, then why the hasty retreat?"
"Perhaps he didn't want to speak to his big, scary brother."
I thought I saw a ghost of a smile flitter across his lips, but it was so small and so fleeting that I could have been mistaken. 
"I'm not scary," he said.
He should stand in my shoes. Maybe he'd think differently if he saw the determined set of his jaw and the rigidity in the way he held himself.
His mouth curved into a broader smile, but there was no humor in it. It was all predatory. "But I am big."
Gulp. Yeah, I bet he was.
He leaned down and his lips brushed my ear, warm and soft. "Come home with me, Cleo. I want to see you without that dress on and make love to you all night."



CHAPTER 7


After my gut stopped churning and my face cooled, there was one thought that beat out a staccato rhythm against my ribs. 
Yes.
I had nothing to lose and a wonderful night with a hot guy to gain. So what if it was just one night, or just for a week? I didn't want long-term with Reece Kavanagh. I was spying on him for Christ's sakes. Anything more than a fling would bring me closer to revealing the truth. One or two nights here and there while we worked together I could do.
I nodded and he grabbed my hand without warning. He was gentle yet insistent as we wove our way through the crowd. A few whispers followed us, but I couldn't hear what they said. We didn't see Ash, didn't speak to anyone. Once outside, a chauffeur driven limo stopped alongside us. I was dimly aware of a bulb flashing off to my right as I climbed in, but I didn't care. 
I was drunk on the champagne and Reece. Being the focus of his intense desire filled my head, leaving no room for anything else. 
The car sped away and we settled back into the leather seats. A champagne bottle cooled in a bucket of ice and Reece reached for it.
"No," I said, laying my hand over his. "I want to be fully aware for this."
It was as if my words acted as a trigger. He flipped his hand over and caught mine in his roughened one. I wondered if surfing had given him the calluses. Then I forgot about his hands and thought only of our touching thighs, his broad shoulder rubbing against mine. His eyes turned smoky in the poorly lit cabin of the limo. His lips parted. He hesitated and it felt like the longest moment of my life. 
Kiss me already!
To my relief, he did. It started out gentle, teasing, as if he were tasting me and enjoying the sensations swamping him. At least, that's what I was doing. My body hummed to life like an electric wire. I shifted closer so that I was almost in his lap, and deepened the kiss.
It was like I'd given him a signal. He let go of my hand and circled one arm around my waist, trapping me against him. His other hand dug into my hair and held my head so that I couldn't draw away. I didn't want to. The kiss was fierce and raw. It shattered me into a thousand pieces and pulled me together again. It sent my heart soaring until I thought it would burst right out of my chest.
But it wasn't enough. I wanted him inside me. I wanted to feel all of him, touch all of him, and have those lips everywhere.
He pulled away and I moaned. Come back. 
"We're here," he rasped. 
The car had stopped. The door opened and the driver stood on the sidewalk. I stepped out and Reece took my hand and led me into the building. It was tall and brightly lit, but that's all I noticed. I couldn't focus.
"Good evening, Mr. Kavanagh," said a smiling concierge from behind a desk in the plush entrance foyer. "Pleasant evening?"
Reece nodded and steered me toward the elevator. We stepped inside and I had enough wits about me to notice there was only one button and it wasn't numbered. Reece used a key then pressed the button. We rode up silently, our hands entwined, and stepped out and into the entrance of an apartment. Potted plants filled the space and made it feel tropical, calm, welcoming. 
"You live here?" I asked him as he took me through to another room. Modern furniture in warm woods and black leather were softened by more potted plants. The living room was huge. Everything about it was big including the TV and the long wall of windows. Lights twinkled far below and beyond that was nothing but inky black. The bay. The most expensive view in Roxburg.
The wealth of my surroundings infiltrated the desire-induced fog. I glanced around and caught a glimpse of another room through a half-open doorway. The part I saw was filled with books.
"Is that a library?" I asked.
He placed his hands on my hips and pulled me to him. His desire hadn't dampened. I could feel his hardness through his trousers. 
"I'll give you a tour later," he murmured. "Now…now, I'm going to take you."
"Here?" I squeaked. Where had my nerve gone? I felt like a mouse again, at the mercy of the cat.
"Here, everywhere, anywhere. I don't care, I've just got to have you."
And just like that I was no mouse anymore. Nor a puppy. I was me, Cleo, and I was the object of this hot man's desire. 
He kissed me again and it was not nearly enough this time. We were alone and I wanted to see every piece of him. I pushed his jacket off his shoulders and scrabbled with the buttons on his shirt. He fought with his cufflinks and, with a grunt of frustration, ripped them out.
Finally he was naked and I could get my hands on his skin. It was warm and smooth like polished wood. The muscles quivered and rippled at my touch. I touched him everywhere. I followed the contours of his wide shoulders, the rise and dip of corded muscles down his stomach, the expanse of chest in between. I pulled away and gazed at the bronzed skin, the tight nipples, and the small scar below his ribs. 
He let me look, perhaps aware that I needed to drink him in. But then he closed the gap again. I put out my hand. I hadn't finished admiring. 
"God, Cleo," he croaked. "Kiss me again. You're torturing me."
I smiled. I couldn't help it. I was torturing him? Little insignificant me torturing that God-like figure? It was laughable. But I wasn't laughing. My mouth was too busy kissing him.
He unhooked my dress at the back and drew the straps off my shoulders. I shucked it off and stood before him in my strapless bra, shoes and underwear. I found myself the focus of his scrutiny. He checked me over as I had done him, his eyes ablaze with heat. 
"You're beautiful," he murmured, once more taking me in his arms. He kissed me again, as hard and fierce as the first time. It would seem the man was more tactile than visual because his hands set about caressing my back, my shoulders, my hips and thighs. Then he cupped my bottom and lifted.
I circled my legs around him, not breaking the kiss, and let him carry me off. We entered a large bedroom and he gently lowered me onto an enormous bed. "You've been driving me crazy for weeks," he said, drawing back to admire me as I lay there.
My face heated beneath his gaze. I went to cover myself up, but he stayed my hand. 
"Don't. Don't hide yourself around me. Your body is magnificent and deserves to be seen. But only by me." He knelt on the bed, one knee on either side of my hips, and leaned over me, hands on the mattress at my head. He still wore his trousers and seemed in no hurry to remove them. 
I wanted to change that. I undid the button and fly and pushed them lower. He gave me a wry smile and stood up to take them off. He drew down his shorts too and flung them away with the trousers. 
I licked dry lips. Oh boy. He was big all right. His long, thick cock stood to attention, ready for action. I swallowed and lifted my gaze to his. He smiled that predatory smile again.
"Your turn," he said, taking hold of my underwear. 
I lifted my hips and he drew them down, down, following their path with a trail of tiny kisses all the way to my toes. I giggled and felt him grin against my foot. I removed my bra myself and reveled in the way his eyes focused on my breasts. They tingled beneath his gaze and tightened as heat spread over my skin from top to toe.
He knelt on the bed again and lowered his mouth to my breast. I arched my back as his tongue stroked my nipple and his lips nibbled gently. "Yesss," I hissed. 
I caressed his back and shoulders, and dug my fingers into his flesh when he tweaked my other nipple with his fingers. I gasped and arched again, wanting more, more. It wasn't enough yet it was too much at the same time. It wasn't just the physical pleasure, it was knowing that it was Reece Kavanagh doing these things to me. The man I'd desired ever since meeting him. The man who was as sexy as sin, and who could have anyone he wanted, but had chosen me. 
Blood throbbed in my veins, hot and thick. I reached down between our bodies and found his cock. He let go of my nipple and sucked air between his teeth. I relished the feel of him in my hand, its smooth ridges and damp head. I wrapped my fingers around the shaft and enjoyed hearing him groan. He pressed his forehead to mine and breathed heavily, as if trying to control himself.
But I didn't want self-control. I wanted him to lose it, lose himself, and reveal the side of Reece Kavanagh that he never let anyone see. I snaked one hand to the small of his back and used my other to guide his cock to my opening.
He pulled away. "Not yet." He moved down my body and gently opened my legs. I was exposed to him, vulnerable, and I'd never felt more beautiful. How could I not when he looked at me like I was a something precious and rare?
A small, distant voice wondered if he looked at his other PAs like that when he got them into bed, but I dismissed that voice. I wouldn't let anything ruin this night. Tomorrow would be the time for reflection and concerns, tonight was for pleasure.
The first lick had my blood spiking. The second had me scrunching the bedcovers in my fists. The third had me gasping for breath. I squeezed my eyes shut, squeezed everything tight, as the coil inside me wound up and up and up. Somehow he made it last. Every time I thought I was close he would ease off until I was screaming at him to keep going, afraid he would just stop and leave me in a tightly sprung, tense mess. 
But he didn't stop. He built me up, slowly, carefully, lovingly. He eased me to the brink then gently drew me back again, before pushing me to the precipice once more. Each time I thought this was it, now I would tip over the edge, and each time he proved me wrong. Until I couldn't stand it any longer.
"Please, Reece. Now. Now!" That throaty voice was not mine. It couldn't be me begging him. I never begged.
But it was me and I didn't care. I would beg him on my knees if it would only let me enjoy release.
Finally, finally, he drove me hard to the edge and let me go. I didn't tip over. I flew.
Everything inside me unraveled. Hot waves rolled over me, through me, releasing all the coils until they were free. 
 "Reece!" I cried, clutching his head in my hands. I drew him up before my orgasm had a chance to slip away completely. 
He fumbled in the drawer beside the bed and pulled out a silver packet. He tore it open with his teeth and put the condom on then entered me in one slick, sure thrust. All the way.
He suddenly stopped, holding himself still. "Christ, Cleo. You're too…everything."
It sounded good the way he said it in his rasping, sexy voice. I wanted to be his everything.
I shoved that thought away and lifted my legs to accommodate his length. I wrapped them around his waist, linking my ankles at his back, and rocked him. He took up the rhythm and bent to kiss me. I tasted myself and didn't care. 
He rocked me faster, his breaths coming quicker, until he was grinding my hips into the mattress with each thrust. He gathered me in his arms so that I was cocooned in him, trapped against his hard body. It meant I could feel his orgasm as it rose inside him. His muscles trembled and twitched, his back was slick with sweat and his powerful thighs tensed. 
With a low primal growl, he thrust hard and held me as he came. 
He lay half on me as his orgasm dissolved. My own had left me feeling loose limbed and fuzzy headed. He rolled to one side and disposed of the condom then rejoined me. I stretched out against his body and he wrapped his arm around me. We kissed gently, sweetly, and he pushed my hair off my forehead and peered down at me with soft eyes stripped of all arrogance.
I finally felt like I was seeing the real Reece Kavanagh. Like he was letting me see. 
I touched my thumb to the corner of his mouth where an uncertain smile had taken up residence. It grew beneath my attention.
"I think the evening went well, don't you?" he asked.
"The phone launch was very successful," I teased.
"Somebody launched a phone? I can't believe I missed it."
He grinned and I had to capture it. I kissed him and we rolled together on the bed, entwined in arms and legs. We settled again, my head on his shoulder. The throb of his pulse matched my own, slower now, but still somewhat erratic. I wanted to talk to him, ask him questions, get to know him more now that the ice was broken. Yet I didn't want to shatter the peace that had descended upon us. A peace I never wanted to leave behind.
He yawned and kissed the top of my head. "Go to sleep, Cleo. You've been working too hard lately."
I listened to his breathing slow until eventually it deepened to signal he was asleep. I remained nestled in his arms, more sated than I'd felt in a long time. 
Yet not content. How could I be content when I'd done the very thing I vowed not to do? I'd fallen for him. 
Was this how it started with all his women? This cozy intimacy where he made you feel like the only woman he'd ever made love to like that. Had he been this sweet, kind, attentive man with Ally and all the others?
It seemed unthinkable yet all the evidence was before me. His past history with women, his cockiness, his skill in bed. The entire world knew that Reece slept with his PAs then fired them when they wanted more from him. Perhaps each one had hoped that they were different, that they were the one he would change for. After all, he went from controlling to charming, making it easy to believe he'd fallen too.
If I were wrong and he hadn't been this wonderfully sweet man with them, just me, how was I going to untangle myself from the knot I'd tied myself up in? How was I going to break the news that I was employed to betray him?



CHAPTER 8


We spent all of Saturday morning in bed, alternating between making love and sleeping. We ordered in croissants and coffee for brunch. I learned that the building's concierge was at Reece's beck and call. I also learned that having someone at your beck and call is freaking awesome. We didn't talk much, but that was okay. My brain wasn't functioning too well. I was suffering a kind of hangover from the cocktail of hot sex and emotional overload. Reece made me feel like the most beautiful woman in the world. He worshipped my body with his tongue, his gaze, his body. He made me feel alive.
He was in no hurry to end the day and send me home, but by mid-afternoon, I thought it best to check-in with Becky.
"Hey," I said when she picked up the phone. "You okay?"
"Sure." The smile in her voice was unmistakable. "You having a good time?"
"Yeah," I said. Hell, yes. Maybe too good. "I might not come home until later."
"Tomorrow," Reece murmured, snuggling up behind me. "Tell her you're not going home until tomorrow. Late."
"Is that him?" Becky asked. "What's his name?"
"I, uh, have to go," I said quickly. "Call me if you need anything." I hung up before she could ask any more awkward questions.
Reece rolled me onto my stomach and covered my body with his own. He stretched my hands above my head and enclosed them in one of his big ones, but not so hard that I couldn't escape. Not that I wanted to. I wanted to see what he would do to me, wanted to feel him inside me. He swept my hair aside with his other hand and nuzzled my neck. It tickled and I began to giggle, but all that was forgotten when he parted my legs with his knee. I raised my ass, inviting, and he slipped his thick length into me from behind. 
He groaned. "God, you feel goooood, Cleo. I love making love to you. I love being inside you, feeling you tremble with desire for me, feeling your heat. I love hearing my name on your lips, smelling your scent when you come."
I'd not thought a few murmured words could drive me to higher and higher heights, but I was so turned on, he could have done anything to me and I wouldn't have cared.
But he didn't take advantage. He cherished me. He put my pleasure before his, always, and asked before he tried something new. I felt like an equal partner and in control of the situation at every turn.
It didn't make sense. I had expected a demanding, controlling Reece Kavanagh in bed because that's what he was like out of it. But he was the perfect gentleman. 
It made me feel even more guilty.
"Reece," I said when we once more lay in each other's arms, spent and sated. "I can't stay here all today and tomorrow."
He propped his head up on his hand and trailed a fingertip along the curve of my back. "Why not?"
"For one thing, I haven't got any clothes."
He kissed my shoulder. "You don't need clothes." 
"And for another, I have to take care of my sister."
"Isn't she old enough to take care of herself?"
"Ye-es, but she's immature. I don't like leaving her for long on her own."
He pulled back and leveled his gaze with mine. "Why not? Is she okay?"
I swallowed heavily. I didn't want to tell him about her past health problems. She may be in remission, but she became tired a lot and I worried about her. But telling him that would only make me more vulnerable to him. Bottom line, I couldn't let him get too close. Reece Kavanagh was not long-term. Sex with him I could manage; intimacy I couldn't.
"Of course she's okay," I said, maybe a bit too cheerfully. "Why wouldn't she be?"
His hand stilled on my back. "I'll take you home whenever you want."
"It's okay. I'll catch a cab."
"No, I'll drive you."
"Reece, I'm a big girl. I can catch a cab."
He said nothing as he climbed off the bed and picked up his phone. It had been ringing all day, but he'd not answered it. 
"I didn't mean right now," I said, sitting up. "I can stay longer."
He nodded without looking up from the display. "Excuse me, Cleo, I better return some of these." He padded barefoot out of the bedroom. 
I sighed. Damn. I'd just ruined the moment and offended him by insisting on catching a cab. Good going, Cleo.
His voice seemed far away, but I could just make out what he said. Most of the calls sounded work related, but one caught my attention. He greeted his brother, Ash, but his tone became gruff and then he must have walked further away because I couldn't hear him anymore. Instinct had me getting to my feet and going in search of him. I found him in what appeared to be a study, his broad, naked back to the door and me. I stood near the door, but out of sight.
"None of your damned business," he said into the phone. "I don't want to talk about it." He paused, listening, then added, "I don't want to talk about that either." More silence, followed by, "Tell Mom and Dad it's not about them. It's not about any of you. I'm in the business of making money for my stakeholders, and my stakeholders want to build a hotel on the site. The location is perfect." He listened again then sighed. "Yeah, I know she is," he said in response to something Ash said. "But she can get another studio elsewhere. She's not my responsibility." More silence, and then Reece's shout made my heart leap into my throat. "You fucking leave her out of this! Not everything is about her. Do you hear me? You think everything I do is shaped by what happened, but listen to me, little brother. Sometimes it's just about the money." 
He must have hung up because something in the room smashed. The phone? I quickly ran back to the bedroom and lay on the bed. He did not return and the next moment I heard water running from the bathroom. I checked the study again and sure enough, the phone lay in pieces on the floor. Something Ash said had made Reece furious. Something to do with a woman and an incident Reece was involved in. Had they been discussing Cassie?  
I returned to the bedroom and looked through his closet for a robe. It was best I left if he was in a bad mood, but I needed a shower first. The closet was as big as my bedroom and half empty. It seemed a shame to waste such a huge space on a man. 
"Hey," came Reece's soft voice from the doorway behind me. I spun round, unsure of what reaction I'd get, but there was no evidence of his earlier anger. He was all crooked smiles and smoky eyes again.
"I was looking for something to wear," I said. 
"Take any shirt you want. Later. For now, I want you to come with me." He took my hand and led me into the bathroom.
The scent of blossoms drifted to me before we entered. The water was still running and I realized it wasn't the shower but the Jacuzzi. 
"I thought we could have a soak," he said, hands on my shoulders, his chest at my back.
I tipped my head up to look up at him. "How did you know my muscles needed it?"
He kissed my mouth. "Just a guess." 
The man had an incredible ability to leave one emotion behind and replace it with another. Or was it a mask, not a replacement? Was he still furious at his brother on the inside, but determined not to let me see it? 
Or was he determined to forget? Forget the conversation, forget the mysterious woman and whatever had happened between them?
We climbed in and I lay back against his chest, my head on his shoulder. He gently massaged my thighs beneath the water, but did not turn it into something sexual. I closed my eyes and sighed. 
"Like that?" he murmured in my ear.
I nodded. "It's Heaven. Thank you, Reece. I was afraid that I offended you about the cab."
I felt him shrug. "You don't want me to meet your sister yet," he said. "It's okay. I get that."
"You've already met her."
"Not as your…"
"Boss?" Clearly he was having trouble classifying what we were to one another now, just as much as I was.
"Boss," he agreed. 
"We'll see where this takes us. There's no rush. Besides," I ventured, "you don't seem too eager to discuss your family either."
"You met Ash."
"Not because you introduced us."
"I would have."
I narrowed my gaze at him.
"Eventually," he admitted, looking away. 
"What about the others? Ash told me about Blake and the younger ones. He called them hell raisers."
He smiled. "They are. One can charm any woman into bed and the other is just wild. Keeping them both out of trouble is a full-time job for our parents."
"That's the first time you've really spoken about your brothers," I said. "Tell me about them."
He moved his hands to my breasts, cupping them, massaging his thumbs over the nipples until they were tender, tingling points. "There's nothing to tell." 
I lifted my arms and wrapped them behind his head, encouraging him to keep going. "What about your parents?" I whispered, my mind already having left the conversation. "You hardly speak about them either."
"You want to discuss my parents now?"
"Hmmm, maybe later. It seems you successfully avoided the topic with your magic fingers."
"Magic, huh?" He tweaked both nipples, sending a jolt straight to my vagina. 
I bucked and moaned. "Touch me here," I said, guiding his hand down.
"You do it. I want to watch you make yourself come."
My face and throat heated. I'd never done that in front of anyone before. I pulled my hand away from my heat, but he caught it again.
"It's alright, Sweetheart. Don't be embarrassed. Everything you do is beautiful and amazing, including that." He directed my hand lower, lower until it was in position. "Put your finger in." He held my hand beneath his, and I inched my middle finger inside my folds. "Feel how hot you are," he murmured, his voice like honey on my skin. "Feel how magical your fingers are. Now rub yourself for me."
I didn't think I could do it with an audience, but after a few moments, I didn't care. I wanted him to see me. I rubbed as he filled his hands with my breasts and teased my nipples to gloriously hard, achy points. I welcomed the familiar heat as it swamped me and cried out his name as my own fingers sent me over the edge.
I lay in his arms, my body a languid puddle. Damn, he was clever. He had successfully avoided talking about his parents and I was none the wiser about his family.
***
We spent the rest of the day and much of the evening together, but I returned home late Saturday night in a cab that he called for me. He seemed to have come to terms with the fact that I wasn't ready for Becky to know he and I were sleeping together, perhaps because he wasn't ready to introduce me to his family either. It made for a weird ending to a wonderful weekend. The pleasure fest had an undercurrent of sweetness to it that had taken me by surprise and sucked me into Reece's spell. Yet the distance between us was as wide as ever. It was very apparent that he didn't want me to be a part of his life outside his bedroom and office.
And I was fine with that. Totally. Absolutely. Fine. I did not want to get any closer to the man whose project I was supposed to ruin. The small hole that had opened up in my heart would heal once this was all over and I'd had a chance to move on and forget about him. 
Becky greeted me with giggles and questions, which I managed to avoid giving full answers to. We spent Sunday together doing housework and lazing around until she needed to paint something and I couldn't stay away from work any longer. I was acutely aware that now I had Reece's attention, completing my job for Ellen wouldn't take too much longer. 
So this was how the trappers who slept with their targets felt. Powerful, in control. But how did they close their hearts? How did they cope with the gut-churning anxiety and the horrible sense of foreboding? It shadowed me all Sunday. I could hardly eat a thing and I slept badly that night, thinking through everything that could go wrong. Thinking how much I didn't want them to go wrong.
Stupid, stupid girl. I'd done the one thing I'd vowed not to do. I'd fallen for Reece.
***
The fresh flowers on my desk were a nice surprise and a good sign that he wasn't going to brush me off at the office. While my computer booted up, I knocked on his door and entered. He greeted me with an infamous Reece Kavanagh smile, all crooked sexiness.
"Hey," he said, coming around the desk. He clasped my face in his hands. His thumbs brushed along my cheeks with aching tenderness. "I missed you yesterday."
"I missed you too." We kissed passionately, like we hadn't seen each other for months. When we broke apart, I realized the door was still open. Anyone stepping out of the elevator would have seen.
He followed my gaze beneath hooded lids. "You don't want anyone at the office to know about us," he said flatly.
I tried to gauge his thoughts but it was impossible to tell what he was thinking behind the cool façade. Thankfully the phone at my desk rang, saving me from answering. 
We worked apart for the rest of the morning, only seeing each other in meetings. At noon, he came up to my desk and asked me to go to lunch with him. I refused.
He crossed his arms over his chest and frowned. "I let it go Friday night," he said, his words carefully measured. "It was a crazy environment and the paparazzi were waiting. But now…Cleo, is there something wrong with me that you don't want to be seen with me in public?"
"No. Of course not."
"Am I not up to your usual standard of date?"
I gave him a withering glare and he gave me an innocent shrug back. "Yeah, I always go out with hot trillionaires, and you're just a billionaire, so…"
"Hey," he said, "I'm working on it."
I threw my pencil at him and he caught it, smiling, although there was something uncertain behind it. 
"We spent one night together," I told him. "Let's just cool it and see where this is going before we let everyone know. Okay?"
He bowed his head, nodded. "If you won't go out to lunch with me, it seems I have to get lunch brought in."
He returned to his office and shut the door. Thirty minutes later, a caterer arrived with a basket of food for Reece. I buzzed him and he came out.
"Hungry?" he asked me.
I glanced at the elevator door closing on the caterer. "You want me to have lunch with you out here?"
"No. It's too public and I didn't make a trillion dollars in the last half hour. It looks like you have to hide away in my office and eat in secret until my broker calls."
"Ha ha. Funny guy."
He picked up the basket and followed me into his office. He had a picnic blanket laid out in the square of sunlight near the window and a bottle of white wine chilling in a cooler tub at the edge. He put the basket down and invited me to sit, then served me lunch from the selection of cheeses, salads and cold meats. 
"This is very sweet, Reece. Thank you."
He eyed me over the rim of his glass. "You're looking at me as if you didn't expect me to do something like this."
"I admit that I didn't."
"My reputation as an asshole precedes me again, I see."
I chewed the inside of my cheek and decided to be honest with him. Or partly honest. "I've heard all sorts of things about you, but the words ruthless and cruel have come up repeatedly."
"Cruel," he muttered. "Is that from Cassie?"
I didn't want to give him an answer. If I told him no, he might continue to ask and I couldn't tell him about Ellen. I just couldn't. "Reece, what happened between the two of you? Why does she hate you so much?"
"She thinks I'm going to tear down her house."
Wait, what? "She thinks you're going to tear it down? Does that mean you're not going to?"
"I admit I'm having second thoughts."
Whoa. "Since when?"
"Since Saturday."
I frowned at him but he didn't meet my gaze. What had happened on Saturday? I'd been with him the entire time and he hadn't mentioned backing down on the proposal. Maybe one of those phone calls had changed his mind, or maybe something Ash had said did the trick.
"Has the building contractor fallen through?" I asked. "Or did one of the other stakeholders pull out?"
He shook his head. "I haven't told them yet. I'm still debating the best way to break the news. They won't be happy."
"You'll lose a lot of money."
He shrugged.
I waited, but he gave me nothing more. The man was an enigma wrapped up in a mystery. He seemed to care deeply about making money for his stakeholders on the one hand, then on the other, he did a complete flip and was prepared to face their wrath to save an old friend's house. An old friend who seemed to hate him now.
"Cassie's dislike of you goes further back than this," I said, half-guessing. "In fact, she mentioned disliking your entire family."
"Not all of us. She gets along well with Ash. Mind you, everyone gets along with Ash."
"You're avoiding the topic again."
"Not very successfully," he said wryly.
"It's okay if you don't want to talk about it. I'm your PA, not your…confidant."
"I want to tell you," he said quietly. "But there are some things that can't be spoken about. Do you understand?"
I did and told him so. Some issues ran so deep that their roots were wrapped around bedrock and to talk about them would be akin to wrenching out the bedrock and pulling the entire sorry saga to the surface again where you did not want it to be.
"Thank you." He clasped my hand and twined his fingers with mine. "I like you, Cleo. I don't want you to think you're still just a PA to me, because there's more between us now. Isn't there?"
He sounded vulnerable and so unlike the Reece Kavanagh of the last few weeks that I was taken aback. What had happened to this guy to change him so completely in just a few days? Since Friday night, in fact.
Surely it wasn't anything to do with me.
I wanted to nod and tell him yes, there was more between us than boss and PA. I wanted to kiss him until the uncertainty left his eyes. But I couldn't. I needed to replace the warmth with coolness again. I needed the distance and controlling manner of the old Reece Kavanagh back. It was easier like that. Safer.
A knock on his door saved me from answering. He swore under his breath and called out. One of his senior managers answered back.
"I better get to my desk," I said, hastily packing away the picnic things in the basket. "My boss is a tyrant and hates me taking long lunches."
He chuckled and helped me. Together we removed all evidence of our picnic and I opened the door, pen and notepad in hand.
"Sorry," I said to the man standing there. "We had to finish dictation."
The man looked over my head at Reece and winked. I bristled and maneuvered past him and shut the door on them. I worked at my desk until five when Becky called me on my cell.
"I'll be at Cassie's for awhile longer," she said. "She needed someone to talk to and I offered to stay back after class."
"Is she okay?"
"She's still upset about the house and studio."
"Wasn't there someone else she could talk to?"
"Why can't she speak to me?" she snapped. 
"No reason," I said quickly. "It's just that she knows you've been sick and shouldn't burden you."
"Jesus, Cleo, I'm okay now."
"You still get tired."
"I'm just talking to her, not running a marathon!"
"It's still another thing on your shoulders when you've got so much to deal with already."
She huffed and muttered something I couldn't hear under her breath. "I only rang to tell you. Wish I hadn't now."
"I'll pick you up at seven."
"I can get the bus home."
"No, wait there for me. It's not for you," I said before she could protest. "I have something I want to ask Cassie." It was out of my mouth before I had a chance to think it through, but I quickly warmed to the idea. If Reece wouldn't talk to me, maybe Cassie would. 
The only problem was, how to ask her with Becky there and not let them know why I was interested.
***
The suburb of Serendipity Bend housed a blend of old and new homes with one thing in common—they were all enormous. The blocks of land alone were acre upon acre of manicured gardens, sometimes with lakes and follies situated for best viewing from the house. I knew all this because I'd seen a documentary on the Lifestyle Channel where the owners took the host around their two hundred year-old mansion. 
My only acquaintance with the suburb was the street on which Cassie lived. The saying 'worst house on the best street' couldn't be more accurate. Willow Crescent loosely followed the river bend with the properties on one side stretching down to the bank. It was these homes that commanded the highest prices. Not that the owners ever sold them. The houses on Willow Crescent got passed from generation to generation, much to every realtor's horror. Cassie's was an exception, although that sale had been handled privately.
Her front gate was wide open, unlike those of the other houses on the street. I drove past it to the Kavanagh family home next door. Beyond the iron gate topped with sharp finials wound a paved driveway lined with thick trees that hid the house from view. There was no sign of Ash or anyone else. I circled back and drove through Cassie's gate. 
Her house was certainly old, but unlike the other grand dames in Willow Crescent, she was showing her age. Cracks ran like stress fractures along some walls and a window upstairs had been boarded up for as long as Becky had been having lessons at the house. I knew that Cassie lived in the eastern wing only, having closed up the rest when it became uneconomical to heat in wintertime. Her studio was located in the conservatory on the river side of the house, the light being the best there. 
I found Cassie and Becky sitting on the wide back porch enjoying a drink, Cassie with white wine and Becky with lemonade. The light had faded, bathing the tangle of overgrown trees and shrubs in an otherworldly golden glow. Roses and other summer flowers bloomed in the garden beds, their bright colors offering inspiration to the artists. It was the sort of garden where little girls expected fairies to live. 
Cassie greeted me with a kiss on my cheek and disappeared inside to fetch another glass. "You okay?" I asked Becky while she was gone.
"Sure. Why wouldn't I be?" She tucked her hair behind her ear only to have it spring out again. I resisted the urge to pin it back for her.
"Just asking," I said, trying to sound cheerful. 
"I don't get why you're here, Cleo. Is something wrong?" She gasped and lowered her glass to her lap. "We can still afford classes, right?"
"Of course. No way would I force you to give this up, Becky. I know you love it."
"I do, but if it's money—"
"It's not." I waved off her concerns as Cassie returned.
She handed me the glass and sat in the big wicker chair next to me. She flipped her long red hair over her shoulder and shot me a grim smile. "I suppose you're here to ask about my plans. I know you're concerned and I want to thank you for all your support."
"I am concerned," I said, leaping on the opening she'd handed me. "But maybe it would help if I knew why you were so reluctant to leave. Why can't you just set up another studio elsewhere in Roxburg? Your students would follow you."
"I can't do this anywhere else in Roxburg. I just can't. This is my home. It's been in my family for generations. My sister…" She took a long sip of her wine, but it didn't hide the shine in her eyes.
"I know," I said, sympathetic. "It must be hard for you to think of Reece Kavanagh coming in with his bulldozers and taking away your home."
She nodded.
"Maybe you can explain something to me because I don't get it. Why is he intent on knocking this lovely old place down and replacing it with a hotel? It can't be just a money making scheme or he'd do it somewhere else, somewhere away from his own family home. There must be another reason."
"Cleo," Becky hissed. "It's none of our business."
"It's all right," Cassie told her.
"Surely his own family is against it," I said.
"So they tell me," Cassie said wryly. "But Reece Kavanagh doesn't listen to them. He hasn't in a long time. Not since…" She pressed her lips together and studied her wine.
"You don't have to answer." Becky glared at me. 
Cassie turned huge eyes on me. "It's no secret. Besides, I want the world to know that Reece Kavanagh is an asshole."
I held my glass tighter until I was afraid the stem would snap. "What did he do?" 
"He killed my sister."



CHAPTER 9


Reece killed her? I didn't believe it. No way did that man kill anyone. He might be hard-nosed on the surface, but I'd seen a different side of him and I knew he wouldn't hurt anyone. This had to be a mistake, or a misunderstanding.
Becky shifted forward on her seat, her interest clearly piqued. "You mean he murdered her?"
Cassie sighed and tucked her feet up under her. "Not murder in the traditional sense."
"An accident," I said, my mouth dry. 
"It wasn't an accident. According to official records, Wendy killed herself."
Becky gasped. "Oh, Cass, I'm so sorry." Her gaze shifted to me. I could see in her face she was wondering how that could be Reece's fault. "Did he drive her to it? It's what you'd expect someone like him to do."
"Becky," I scolded. "Cassie, you told me your sister and Reece dated a few years back."
Cassie nodded, her gaze focused on the garden in the distance, now steeped in long shadows that made it look forbidding, dangerous. "For about six months, but she'd had a crush on him for years. He finally asked her out and she was so happy. Happier than she'd been in a long time. Her eyes would light up when he came into the room. She was besotted with him. When he wasn't around, she moped and waited for him. She'd keep watch from her room and if she saw his car drive past, she'd race across the lawn and climb through the hole in our connecting fences. She was totally in love with him. But he wasn't with her."
"I'm guessing he broke up with her," I said. "And that sent her into a downward spiral."
Cassie nodded. "I know what you're thinking. That it's not his fault. That she was mentally unstable."
I was thinking it, but I didn't tell her that. It wasn't what she wanted to hear. 
"Reece knew she was delicate," Cassie went on. "We all told him he had to handle her gently, and yet he still tossed her away like she meant nothing to him. He started seeing someone else."
"That's terrible," Becky said. "The poor thing."
"How did she find out?" I asked.
"He told her. She was hysterical all that day. She cried so much until she had no energy left to cry anymore, then she just lay on her bed, staring into space. She wouldn't drink or eat or speak. She just stared. It was like her body was alive, but the person inside had already died. Nobody could get through to her." She trailed her finger down the stem of her wineglass, a delicate fingernail on fragile glass. "We found her the next morning floating in the river." Cassie sniffed and wiped away a tear. 
I touched her knee. "I'm sorry. I can see this is very hard for you, even now. You clearly loved your sister."
"Not enough," she whispered. 
It seemed to me that nobody could ever love poor, tragic Wendy enough to make her happy. 
Becky shook her head and I thought she was going to say something, but she remained quiet, frowning deeply. 
"How long ago did it happen?" I asked.
"Twelve years next month. She was eighteen."
Reece had been young then too. It was a heavy burden for someone just entering manhood. I wished Cassie could see that, but I didn't try to talk her out of her anger toward him. It had been boiling for so long that a few words from a woman she hardly knew wouldn't make a difference. 
"My age," Becky muttered, shaking her head. She stood and gave me a nudge. "We better go. It's getting cool. Will you be okay, Cassie?"
Cassie nodded and stood too. She tucked her hands into her back pockets and gave us both sad smiles. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to come over so morbid. It's just that having this place sold out from under me has shaken my foundation. I'm dealing with some things right now that I thought I'd left behind. The thought of leaving this place has stirred it all up again."
Becky drew her into a hug. "You don't have to deal with it alone. Call me if you need to talk."
Cassie waved us off from the front porch. I watched her in the car's mirror, a slender figure with the final rays of the sun burnishing her hair. She was so small against the large house, so vibrant and young against its haggard exterior. It seemed wrong somehow that she was living there all alone. Someone like her deserved to be in a loving relationship with a man who cherished her. She wasn't like her tragic sister. She was strong and, up until now, had always seemed happy. 
"I don't get it," Becky said as we drove out of Willow Crescent. "She was the same age as me."
"Wendy? I know. It's so sad. Poor Cassie."
"Yeah, it's terrible for her, and that's what I don't get. Cassie loved her sister and their grandmother seemed like someone who had a lot of love to give too. Why did Wendy have to go and kill herself over a guy?" She shrugged. "It's such a waste."
I could understand her difficulty grasping the concept. Becky had fought hard to cling to life, and hearing about someone ending her own must be a difficult concept to fathom. "You heard Cassie. She said her sister was delicate and needed gentle handling. It sounds like she had some sort of obsession where Reece was concerned. I'm no expert, but Wendy probably had a mental disorder. Maybe it wasn't diagnosed, or if it was, she wasn't getting the proper medication. If that's the case then it's even sadder. But it's not Reece's fault. Not from where I'm sitting."
"He dumped her for another girl. That's pretty shitty."
"He was a teenager too. Teenaged guys do some shitty things without realizing it."
She humphed. She hadn't had a boyfriend since beating the cancer. Maybe she needed to get out and meet someone. "Cassie clearly thinks he's to blame," she said. "If she thinks he's an asshole then I'm inclined to believe her. Besides, the papers all make it sound like he's a greedy, heartless bastard."
I sighed. "Don't believe everything you read, Bec."
"He's going to tear down the house of the sister of an old girlfriend who killed herself over him. Not even you can say he's a good guy after hearing that."
Maybe. But I also knew he was having second thoughts. Maybe, with a little more persuasion, he would forget his plans for a hotel in Serendipity Bend altogether.
***
Flowers arrived on my doorstep before I left for work the following morning. The card read: Pack a bag. You're coming home with me tonight. Reece. It would seem he hadn't completely left his bossy nature behind. 
I packed a change of clothes to wear to work the following day and left a note for Becky with a promise to call later. I slipped Reece's card into my jacket pocket to remove evidence of the sender. 
Becky called me as I strolled up to my desk. "It's not that I mind you staying the night with him again," she said. "But I don't even know his name."
"Listen here, Mom, stop worrying about me," I teased. "He's a good guy. I know what I'm doing. If it makes you feel better, I'll message you his address so you can send the police if I go missing."
"This isn't funny, Cleo. If it were me spending the night at some guy's house, you'd want to know every last detail."
"Stop worrying, Becky. I have to go. My boss is glaring at me."
Reece wasn't glaring. He was standing in the doorway, one shoulder against the frame, a curious smile playing at his lips. "You still haven't told your sister about me, have you?" he asked after I hung up.
"I'm just waiting for the right time," I lied. There was no right time. Ever.
"Why not now?"
"I told you, Reece. It's too new and you don't do girlfriends, remember? You said so yourself."
He had the decency to wince. "Yeah, about that." He pushed off from the doorframe and approached my desk with a lion's predatory grace. "I admit that it's been a long time since I met anyone I wanted to be with. Properly be with. But I think I might have found someone."
I swallowed. "It's too early, Reece. We need to slow down."
He leaned his knuckles on my desk and lowered his head. "If that's what you want. But I'm warning you, I'm not very good at slow. Once I see something I want, I go and get it."
"Then you, Reece Kavanagh, need to learn some patience." I grabbed him by the tie and pulled him to me for a quick kiss. 
But he didn't get the memo about the quick part and deepened it. God, I'd missed him in the brief time we'd been separated. I wanted to keep on kissing him and maybe even let him ravish me on his desk, but I set aside my emotions and pulled away. It wasn't just the fact that anyone could step out of the elevator and catch us. It was also the death of Wendy that bothered me. I'd told Becky that guys did shitty things like get new girlfriends before breaking up with old ones, but I didn't totally believe my own words. It had been a cruel thing to do, especially if he knew she wasn't the sort of girl who could cope with losing him. 
Cruel. That's how Cassie had described him. 
My phone beeped and Ellen's name flashed on the screen. Reece kissed my forehead and headed back into his office. I checked Ellen's message. 
Call me. Urgent!
Reece's door was closed, but he could emerge at any moment so I headed out to the bathroom at the end of the corridor then called her back.
"What is it?" I asked. "Has something happened?"
"Have you seen today's papers?" Ellen's voice had an edge of panic to it, so unlike her. 
"They're sitting unread on my desk."
"Check out The Roxburg Chronicle, page fifty-eight in the Society section. It makes interesting reading."
Society section? Hell. "Give me the brief version."
"You were snapped getting into a car with Reece Kavanagh. According to the journalist—and I use the term loosely—you seemed very cozy. The car took you to his apartment."
The blood drained from my face. I suddenly felt light-headed and had to grip the basin for support. "Have I been identified?"
"Your name is there and the fact you work for Reece. It goes on to say that he often has relationships with his staff."
I groaned. "Crap. This is just…crap."
"It might not be so bad. So you slept with him and now everyone knows it. It could work in our favor. It usually does with the other girls."
"I'm not like the other girls!" Why couldn't she see that? Why couldn't she see that I was now no better than a hooker, trying to get something out of Reece Kavanagh in exchange for sex? It wasn't money in my case, but I didn't think he'd see the difference. Neither would Becky.
"I know," she said quietly. "That's exactly why I picked you for this job."
I squeezed my forehead where a pounding headache had taken root. "I don't care if it helps you or not," I told her. "What about Becky? What will she think when she finds out I'm sleeping with the man who's screwing her friend over?"
"Does she read The Chronicle?"
"No."
"Then she probably won't find out. Take a deep breath, Cleo, and calm down. This isn't the disaster you think it is. I only wanted you to find out before anyone else did so you'd be prepared."
She was right. Maybe it wasn't a huge disaster, as long as Becky didn't read the paper. "Thanks, Ellen. I know you've always got my back and I appreciate it."
She didn't respond straight away, which was odd. Ellen wasn't normally lost for words. "Be sure to take time out from work and enjoy yourself," she finally said, her voice soft. "Maybe you could be good for Reece."
I drew the phone away from my ear and stared at it. What the hell did that mean? "How do you know if I'd be good for him?" I asked, putting it back to my ear. 
"Instinct. I've been in this game a long time and I know what makes guys like Reece Kavanagh tick. Trust me, it's not what you think."
"Nope, I still don't get what you're saying."
"I don't have time to explain now. Check in later, okay?" She hung up, leaving me more confused than ever. 
I headed back to my desk. Reece's door was still shut so I searched through the newspapers. They were delivered every morning by the mailroom and it was my job to scan them for interesting news items that might affect RK. I never looked at the social pages until now.
There I was, getting into Reece's car with a wistful look in my eyes as I stared at him. Wistful or drunk, it was hard to tell. I groaned and folded the paper up again.
Reece didn't emerge from his office all morning, saving me from making a decision on whether to show him the newspaper or not. I couldn't decide what to do. If he saw it, he might want to make our relationship—or whatever it could be called—known to the wider world. That meant telling Becky, Cassie, our colleagues. I wasn't ready for the backlash that would come with the admission. Wasn't ready to be set up as his girlfriend only to be dumped on my ass when he found someone else, someone less like a school teacher and more like a model or actress.
I found it hard to concentrate, but I managed to write up some reports. I even drew up a document recapping the entire Serendipity Bend project. It certainly made something clear in my mind by the end—Reece had done almost nothing on the project for a week, despite some outstanding tasks waiting for his signoff. It was a good indication that he wasn't going ahead with it. I needed to insure he continued to think that way.
Just before lunch, the elevator doors opened and a whirlwind in the form of my sister emerged brandishing a rolled up newspaper, her face a picture of thunderous fury. Hell, damn and fuck. 
She threw the paper on my keyboard in front of me. "Found you," she hissed. She stabbed her finger on the paper. "Cassie saw your photo this morning and called me. When were you going to tell me you were working for Reece Kavanagh and fucking him?"
"Becky, calm—"
"Don't tell me to calm down! I will not calm down! I am so goddamned angry at you right now, Cleo."
I came around the desk and gripped her shoulders. I could feel the anger vibrating through her and I began to shake too. Not in anger but worry. I'd never seen her so emotional before. It couldn't be good for her. 
She shook me off and stepped out of my reach. "How could you do this to me? You've lied to me—"
"I never lied."
"Avoided telling the truth then. Goddamn it, Cleo, he's the enemy!"
"Am I?" drawled Reece from the doorway. I hadn't heard the door open. I'd been so caught up in Becky's reaction that I'd shut out everything else.
"Reece," I said and stopped. What should I say? Whom should I address? I decided my sister was the immediate concern. "Becky, can we go somewhere and talk about this?"
I reached for her but she slapped my hand away then stamped her fists on her hips. Reece came up behind me, a solid, reassuring presence. I ached to remain there and show a united front, but it was the wrong time. Wrong time, wrong guy, as far as Becky was concerned. 
"Let's talk about it right here," she said.
"I don't think we should. You need to calm down. Getting upset like this isn't good for you."
"I'm not a china doll, Cleo! Getting mad isn't going to kill me. Catching the bus or listening to other people's problems isn't going to see me back in hospital."
"Hospital?" Reece echoed. "You're sick?"
Becky pinned him with a sharp glare. "It's none of your business, but I had cancer a while back. I'm fine now but some people insist on wrapping me up in cotton wool because they think I can't handle stuff."
"Stuff like this?" I picked up the newspaper and waved it in her face. I hadn't meant to get mad at her, but something inside me snapped. Something that had been winding up over the last few weeks and had finally been coiled so tight that it broke, releasing a river of pent-up emotions. "Look at the way you're reacting, Bec. I knew this would happen, that's why I didn't tell you."
Reece took the paper out of my hand and flicked through it.
"I'm reacting this way because you're sleeping with Reece Fucking Kavanagh!"
"Becky! Enough!"
Reece stopped flicking pages. "Why is this a problem?" he asked, tapping the photo of us. "I like Cleo and she likes me. It's nice of you to worry about her, but I promise you I won't hurt her."
"Yeah, sure. Like you've never hurt anyone in your life."
I grabbed her arm, hard, and steered her toward the door. "Don't," I snapped. 
She wrenched free and rounded on us both. "How can you stand there and tell me you won't hurt my sister when you've hurt so many other people? Cassie is my friend and you're going to drive her away with your heartless, greedy scheme."
I expected Reece to tell her he was cooling toward the idea, but he said nothing. He stood as still as a statue, his eyes hooded, his face impassive, and took her abuse. 
"Cleo knows how Cassie feels about you," she went on. "She knows how I feel about you too, and yet she still chose to come and work here. I don't get it." She turned to me. "You get great job offers all the time, and yet you chose to work here when you knew how I felt. Why?"
Reece's gaze slid to mine and I shivered beneath his frosty stare. Gone was the warmth of the past few days, the tenderness and vulnerability. In its place were ice and steel and a quiet anger that radiated off him in waves. Clearly he was wondering the same thing as Becky. 
My heart fluttered in my chest like a bird in a cage. I was trapped between Reece and Becky and the only way out was the truth. But not the entire truth, just enough to create an opening for myself to escape through.
"I admit my motive for working here wasn't innocent," I said, risking a glance at Reece. The muscles in his jaw worked, but he said nothing. "I wanted to find a way to save Cassie's house and I thought working for you would give me access to the information I needed. I'm sorry, Reece. It was a terrible thing to do, and I'm a total bitch for tricking you. You have every right to fire me."
It wasn't Reece who answered, however, it was Becky. She threw her arms around me. "You took this job to help me? Oh. Okay. That totally makes sense." Her gaze flicked to Reece, still standing rigid near my desk. "And the other thing?"
"That was unexpected. I didn't plan to spend the night with him." I bit my lip and watched for his reaction. He gave none. It was like I hadn't even spoken. I wanted to go to him and tell him I liked being with him, but Becky would get upset. I was about to steer her back to the elevator when Reece spun round and stormed back into his office. He shut the door.
I blinked back hot tears, feeling strangely hollow and full at the same time. 
"Does that mean you're fired?" Becky asked.
I pressed my lips together to stop them trembling. "I'm not coming home tonight," I told her.
She gasped. "You're going to stay with him? After this?"
"If he wants me to."
She shook her head. "I don't get it, Cleo. What do you see in him?"
"He's not a bad guy."
"He is! Have you not been listening? He upset Cassie's sister so much that he drove her to suicide."
"You can't pin that on him. It's not fair."
"And now he's going to throw Cassie out of her home. You can't deny that."
"He's been having second thoughts. I know he has. Becky, if I can spend a little more time with him, I might be able to convince him to leave her house alone. Will you let me try tonight?"
I could see her wavering and I knew I had her convinced when she blew out a breath. "Okay. But don't expect a miracle, Cleo. Leopards, spots and all that. He's not going to change who he is just because of some hot sex."
"I don't expect him to change. I expect him to shed the mask he's been wearing all these years."
She rolled her eyes and shook her head. "You're such a romantic." But she hugged me anyway and told me not to worry about her. "Do whatever you have to do. It's for the greater good. I guess. Be careful though. Don't let him into your heart." She shot another glare at Reece's door then left my office. She seemed convinced that I was still on her side. For now.
I watched the elevator doors close on her and sighed. Now came the hard part. I knocked on Reece's door and let myself in. He didn't look up from his paperwork.
"Get out," he growled. "You're fired. Get your things and leave the keys on the desk. I don't want to see you again."



CHAPTER 10


Reece's words slammed into me. I rocked back on my feet beneath the force of them. "Reece," I whispered. "Listen to me. Let me explain."
He calmly turned over the paper he was reading. "You have explained. You came here with the express purpose of betraying me. You've seen how I deal with people who betray me. I don't see why I should treat you any differently."
"Don't you? Then you're a fool. Unless you slept with Austin too."
He finally glanced up and my legs turned weak beneath the raw, brutal anger in his eyes. "You think this is funny?"
I refused to cower. There was another side to him. A softer side. I just had to find it again and believe that it was strong enough to survive. "I think you're throwing away something good over a mistake I made. I admit that I came to work for you to find a way to stop you bulldozing Cassie's house. But that's not why I slept with you. I slept with you because I wanted to." That at least was the truth. "Fire me from RK, but not from your bed."
He gave a harsh laugh. "That's not how it works."
"Because you can't separate your PAs from your bed partners?"
He shoved his chair back and rose to his full height. Then he stalked across the room to me, not once taking that ice-cold gaze off me. "Because I can't be with someone who wants to see me fail."
A lump formed in my throat, making it impossible to swallow. But I would not let him intimidate me. He was angry and I needed to help him see right from wrong. "It's not a failure to pull out of the hotel deal."
"Try telling that to my stakeholders. Better yet, try telling them that I'm pulling out of the deal because I'm too nice to close it. They won't believe you. They know I'm not nice. Everyone knows it. Ask whoever you want, they'll all tell you the same thing. Reece Kavanagh is a bastard."
"I don't care what other people think. I know you're not a bastard." 
He stopped dead. Blinked at me. 
"I wasn't expecting to like you," I ventured. "In fact, I was prepared to despise you. From all reports, you should have been an asshole. But you're not, Reece. You're a wonderful guy and I like you." I stepped up to him, but he turned away from me. I laid my hand on his back and felt his warmth through his shirt, the strong, erratic beat of his heart. "I like you a lot and I want to go home with you tonight."
He breathed. Breathed again. "Damn it," he muttered. "Damn it, Cleo." He pushed past me and locked the door. Then he turned to me with eyes still brimming with emotion, chief among them anger. But it had dimmed somewhat, and I could just see the uncertainty there again, the vulnerability I knew lurked beneath the façade. 
"Take your clothes off," he ordered, striding past me.
"Now? Here?"
"I can't wait for later. I want you now." He pushed the papers off his desk and let them flutter to the floor then set the keyboard and monitor to one side. "I said, take your clothes off. I'd do it but I might rip something."
His hands were trembling. He saw me looking at them and grabbed onto the edge of his desk. His knuckles went white. I unbuttoned my blouse. I let it fall to the floor and followed it with my bra, skirt and underwear. 
I'd barely shed the last item when he came to me and wrapped his arms around my waist. He hoisted me high and buried his face in my breasts. He kissed and licked and teased until I was gasping for air, unable to control the delicious tingles swallowing me whole.
I began to pant, frustrated and turned on at the same time. He laid me down on the desk and, instead of seeing to my pleasure like he usually did, he removed his clothes and thrust his rock-hard cock in to the hilt. I was slick enough to take him without any resistance.
I wrapped my legs around his back, drawing him in deeper. He pounded me into the desk, his thrusts coming faster, stronger. He wasn't looking at me, so I clasped his face in my hands and forced him to. 
He shut his eyes.
"Look at me," I whispered. "Look at me, Reece."
His face twisted and his pace slowed. Then he opened his eyes and looked at me. The rawness in them clutched at my heart. There was still a kernel of anger, but even that disappeared when I caressed his jawline. 
He pulled out and came on my stomach with a low, guttural growl. He'd not had time to put a condom on. He breathed deeply, his eyes screwed shut once more as if he were in pain. I clutched his head and drew him down. He held me gently and pressed his lips to mine, kissing yet not. 
"I'm sorry," he murmured against my mouth. "That was… I shouldn't have…"
"Shhh. I wanted it too."
"But not like that."
"I'll take it any way I can get it, thanks."
He touched his forehead to mine and drew in a ragged breath. "Come home with me tonight and let me make it up to you."
"You don't have to make anything up to me, but yes, I will come home with you."
He helped me to sit and together we cleaned up with tissues. Then he handed me my clothes item by item and waited until I was dressed before dressing himself. He unlocked the door and opened it for me. 
I touched the corner of his mouth. "No working back late tonight. I can't wait that long."
He gave me a fleeting smile, but it vanished before it took flight. He was clearly still affected by the morning's events. He wasn't the only one. I couldn't concentrate and was grateful when he said it was time to go at four. 
He drove us to his place in silence and we made it all the way to his apartment before either of us said a word. Even then, the only words he said were, "Lie on the bed."
I did. He lifted my skirt up and my underwear down then licked me until I was writhing in delicious ecstasy. Then he made slow, passionate love to me.
Afterward, we lay facing one another, our hands entwined. "I want the truth, Cleo," he said, his warm gaze not leaving mine. "Are you sleeping with me to gain something, or because you want to?"
"Because I want to, Stupid. If you can't tell that after making love to me then I should just leave now. Clearly I'm lacking."
He circled his arm around my waist and pulled me into his hard body. "You don't lack anything, Cleo Denny. You're everything I ever wanted in a woman."
Oh boy. And oh crap. How was I supposed to respond to that? It was like sitting on a flying carpet. It was exhilarating and wonderful, yet the carpet beneath me was unstable and I could fall off at any moment.
"I'm sorry I came on so strong earlier," he said, kissing the top of my head. "I was mad, but when I calmed down I was able to think more clearly. I know you only did what you did to protect your sister. I know it wasn't about me."
I closed my eyes and tightened myself in an attempt to stop the wave of guilt washing through me. But it was no use. I knew if he ever found out I worked for Ellen, he would never speak to me again.
But I couldn't think like that. He wouldn't find out because who would tell him? Ellen and I were the only ones who knew and neither of us was going to say a word. 
It was time to end my association with her. I wanted to work for Reece and only Reece, even if he bulldozed Cassie's house. I would cross that bridge with Becky when the time came. Tomorrow, I would tell Ellen. Tonight was all for Reece.
"I'll take care of you and Becky," he went on. "Anything you need, I'll get it for you. Just let me know. You're mine now, Cleo, and I protect what's mine."
I pulled back so I could see his eyes properly. The depth of emotion in them rocked me. Who would have thought this scary control freak would be brought to his knees by me?
"Will you leave Cassie's house alone?" I asked tentatively.
He stiffened in my arms and I cursed myself for bringing it up again when things were going so well. But it had to be asked. We needed to clear the air.
"I have to," he said simply. "Now more than ever, I have to do it."
"But you were already hesitating. Why are you so determined to go ahead with the plans again? Are you that worried about the backlash from the stakeholders?"
He squeezed his eyes shut and sighed. "It's not a matter of business. It's…personal."
"Tell me, Reece. Talk to me. Why do you need to remove her house?"
He drew in a deep breath, two. "Because I want to go home." The pain in his voice melted my heart and had me tightening my hold on him.
"You've been avoiding it," I said, finally understanding. "Because of the memories."
"Cassie told you about Wendy and me?"
"Yes."
"She blames me for her sister's death."
I shifted up on the bed and drew his head against my chest. I stroked his hair, his shoulders and back. "You blame yourself."
A tremble wracked his body.
"You shouldn't," I said. "It's not your fault. No matter what Cassie thinks, Wendy's life—and death—was entirely up to Wendy."
It was some time before he answered. I thought he wasn't going to then he finally shook his head. "She was fragile. She saw her parents die horribly when she was young. She was trapped in the car with them when it rolled and took their lives. Losing your parents like that…it's no wonder it affected her the way it did."
My stomach churned. My heart skipped and he must have noticed, positioned as he was. The similarity to my own situation was freakish. With one big difference—I didn't want to take my own life after I watched my parents die. 
"She must have had other problems before you broke up with her," I said. "Were there any signs?"
"Everyone knew she was sensitive. She always had been. I should never have dated her. It was stupid to take advantage of her affection for me when I didn't feel the same way. I should never have let things go so far between us."
"You were young. You can't blame yourself for doing something all young guys do."
"Cassie wouldn't agree with that."
"But your family does. Ash says he wishes you'd go home. I bet your parents miss you."
"Dad maybe, but Mom…" He sighed. "My mother is one of a kind. You'd think with five children she'd be the maternal type, but she's not. Dad would never have been so successful if it weren't for her. If you think I'm ruthless, Cleo, you should meet her."
"I would like to," I said. "Will you take me to your family home?"
He nodded. 
"If we go together, the memories won't haunt you," I assured him, massaging his back. "And if they do, we'll have to keep visiting until they stop."
He kissed my throat. "As long as you're with me."
"I will be."
"Then I'll let Cassie stay."
***
"I quit," I told Ellen when I arrived in her office at six o'clock the following evening. 
She blinked at me, showing neither surprise nor concern. "Sit down, Cleo."
I sat. "Don't try to talk me out of it."
"I won't."
"Really?"
She poured me a glass of something from one of the bottles she kept on the sideboard behind her. Her assistant had gone home for the evening. I had left RK's building as soon as I could get away and gone straight to Ellen's office to hand in my notice.
"You sound surprised," she said, handing me the glass. 
I sipped. Gin and tonic. "I was expecting some opposition," I admitted. "I thought you valued me."
She laughed and crossed her legs. "I do, Cleo. You're my favorite. But I've known for some time that you would go sooner or later. Your heart's not in it anymore and it's a job that requires one hundred percent commitment."
I thought about it and nodded. She was right, only I hadn't realized it. Being a trapper had been good work at the start, but as I grew older, the ethics of it had begun to bother me. 
"At least I can leave on a good note," I said. "Reece isn't going to tear down Cassie's house."
Her smile started out slow then quickly grew. "Well done, Cleo. I knew you could stop him." 
"I'm going to keep working at RK," I told her. 
She arched an eyebrow. "Working together and sleeping together? You don't see that as a recipe for disaster?"
"No. If it becomes a problem I'll quit."
She studied me with those piercing blue eyes of hers. "You really like him, don't you?"
I nodded. "He's a great guy. Not at all like you painted him."
Her gaze slid to her drink. "My information was secondhand. There's always inaccuracies when relying on other people's opinions."
"These weren't just inaccuracies, your information was outright wrong. I wouldn't use those sources again if I were you."
She lifted one elegant shoulder. She wore a crisp white suit with a short, summer jacket, all accessorized with heavy silver jewelry and red nailpolish. 
"Here's to you and Reece," she said, saluting me. "May it work out for you."
She drank deeply. I did not. "Ellen, was this your plan all along?"
"Was what my plan?"
"For me to sleep with Reece."
"Why would you say that?"
"I don't know. It's hard to explain, but I have this feeling that you knew Reece and I would sleep together even before I began working for him."
"How could I have known? You have a mind and a will of your own, Cleo. Very strong ones," she added with a wry twist of her red lips. "I admit that I thought you would be the sort of woman he responded to."
"A school teacher type."
She drummed her fingernails on the glass. "Yes. He was employing and dating models, but it was clear from the way he never kept them very long that he needed a different type of woman in his life. I thought you might be her. It was a hunch that paid off, wouldn't you say?"
I regarded her levelly, unsure of what to make of her response. In the end, I decided to let the matter drop. She was clearly very good at her job and achieving her clients' goals. 
"So this is it," I said, setting my glass down. "I hope I won't be leaving you with a shortage of staff."
"I'll find someone to replace you. Poor girl."
I cocked my head to the side. "Why?"
"You'll be a tough act to follow."
I laughed. "Thank you, Ellen. You gave me a job when I really needed the money and let me do things my way. I appreciate it."
"You proved that your way works." She stood and held her arms out to me. I embraced her, somewhat awkwardly. We'd never really touched before.
"Goodbye, Cleo."
"Goodbye, Ellen." I walked to the door, but turned back with a frown. She was still standing, smiling at me. It was a strange smile, sort of wistful and sad yet happy too. It looked unnatural on her. "Will you stay in touch?"
"If you want to."
I nodded. "I want to."
My last glimpse of Ellen was of her turning away from me, touching her finger to the corner of her eye. Tears stung the backs of my own eyes, but a few deep breaths stifled them. It was strange to feel hollow. It wasn't like I was fond of Ellen. We'd only ever been boss and employee, M and Bond. Yet I would miss her.
***
Reece was late. He didn't answer my calls all morning and I rang dozens of times. He had no meetings listed in his diary and no one in the office had heard from him.
By the time he arrived at eleven, I was sick with worry. "There you are!" I said, greeting him at the glass door. "I've been trying to call you and— Reece? What's wrong?"
His face was ashen. His eyes red-rimmed and surrounded by shadows so dark they resembled bruises. "I know what your game is now, Cleo. I know."
My heart ground to a halt. Bile rose to my throat. The room seemed to be spinning out of control and I wanted to throw up. "What are you talking about?" I murmured.
But I knew. I knew just from the look of him that he'd found out about my other job working for Ellen. But how? Who would have told him? I couldn't think it through. Everything inside me was screaming, drowning out the sensible questions. All I knew was that Reece hated me now.
And he had every reason to.
"God damn you." He shook with rage as he towered over me. I shrank back. "I trusted you! I loved—" He snapped his mouth shut, closed his eyes. "I let you in. I showed you a part of me that I've never shown anyone."
"I'm sorry," I whispered. "Reece, I made a mistake. A huge mistake and I should have admitted it earlier, but I couldn't. I was afraid of losing you."
"Nice try." He strode past me to his office. "But I'm not falling for it again. I'm not that much of a fool."
I ran after him and blocked the entrance to his office. "Don't, Reece. Don't push me away." I put my hand to his chest, but he shoved it off. I swallowed, but it didn't dislodge the panic. "This is real, Reece. What we have is not fake, it's not manipulated. I didn't mean to fall for you, but I did."
"Why should I believe you now? How can I tell the difference between the truth and the lies, Cleo? You're good. Your boss should be damned proud of you."
I gasped. "Has Ellen told you all this?"
"Jesus," he bit off. "That's what concerns you the most?"
I shook my head in an attempt to clear out the crazy, jumbled thoughts raging through it. Ellen must have said something to him. But why? I thought she was my friend. I thought she was happy for me. Why would she go and ruin everything?
"Go and pack your things, Cleo. I want you out of here in the next ten minutes."
I stepped aside, numb to my core. The first hot tears trickled down my cheeks unchecked. "You really don't believe that I have feelings for you?"
"I don't." He at least had the decency not to meet my gaze.
"I quit," I told him. "I told my boss—my other boss—that I won't do it anymore."
He shook his head. "Is that supposed to make me change my mind? It's too late, Cleo."
I watched as he opened his office door, and held myself back from getting down on my knees and begging forgiveness. It wouldn't do any good. He was in no mood to hear my side. "This was why I didn't want to sleep with you," I told him, hardly aware of what I was saying. "I didn't want to get involved with you in any other way except a professional one because I knew you'd break my heart. It was only a matter of time."
He did look at me then. His gaze raked over me like shards of ice. I shivered, cold to my bones. 
"Get out," he snarled. "I don't want to see you again." 
"Not until you tell me you feel nothing when you're with me. Tell me that I meant nothing to you." I waited and he didn't respond. "You can't because you did feel something and it was special. Don't throw that away, Reece. At least try and work it out with me."
"There are a lot of things I can be blamed for in my life. I've done some crappy things and I own up to all of them. But I won't be blamed for ruining this."
A hot ball of tears clogged my throat. I wanted to tell him he'd got it all wrong, that I wasn't blaming him, but I couldn't speak. Besides, Reece didn't wait around for my answer. He wrenched open the door and slammed it shut in my face.




CHAPTER 11


I was glad Becky wasn't home when the cab dropped me off. I wanted to cry in peace without having to explain that my heart was exploding with pain in my chest because the man I loved had dumped me. The man she hated. She wouldn't understand.
I cried in bed until I didn't have any tears left, then I got up and ate cookies and cream ice cream straight from the tub. Once my head cleared, I dialed Ellen's number.
"Why the hell did you tell him?" I shouted when she answered. 
Silence, then: "I take it he didn't calm down overnight?"
"No, Ellen, he didn't. He's furious. He yelled at me and…" I stifled a sob. "And he fired me. He hates the sight of me now."
"Oh, Cleo, I'm sorry. It completely backfired. I thought I was doing the right thing in telling him, but it seems not."
"Do you know him personally?"
"Yes."
"And you took money from a client to spy on him? That's low, Ellen, even for you."
"I don't let my personal affiliations affect my business," she snipped. "If I did, most of Roxburg would be off-limits." She sighed. "Look, Cleo, he'll change his mind. You'll see."
"Why should you be right about that when you've been wrong about so many other things?"
"I was right when I said he'd fall for you, wasn't I?"
"Aside from that. Ellen, this isn't a game. Reece is never going to forgive me for this."
"You and me both, Honey."
The tears rolled down my cheeks and into the empty ice cream tub. "It's all right for you," I sobbed. "I was in love with him. I am in love with him. And now he's gone."
"I'm coming over. We'll commiserate together and form a plan to get you back into his heart."
"No! I don't want to see you. I don't want to speak to you. This is all your fault, Ellen. You should never have told him. You should never have set me up with him. It's all a disaster and I just…I just want you to leave me alone." I hung up and switched the phone off. Then I switched it back on in case Becky tried to call. She didn't know I was home.
My phone rang but it was Ellen. I let it go to voicemail, but it kept ringing so I had to switch it off again. 
Becky arrived home later that afternoon, took one look at me and knew something was wrong. For the first time in my life, I cried on her shoulder and she comforted me. She didn't seem overly sympathetic when I told her what happened. Most of her response consisted of: "Bastard" or "I knew this would happen".
"He's a good guy," I told her. "It's me who's the bitch for what I did to him."
"That's bullshit. If he truly knew you then he'd know how you felt. You wear your heart on your sleeve, Cleo, and he's gone and stomped all over it. I hate him."
"Don't hate him." I went to reach for another tissue but the box was empty. I tossed it across the room. "You haven't told me you're shocked at my choice of career."
She leaned back on the sofa and pulled her knees up. She looped her arms around them and rested her chin there. "Did you sleep with all your targets?"
"No!"
She shrugged. "Then why would I be shocked?"
"Because it's deceitful and borderline prostitution."
She snorted. "Don't be so melodramatic. You're not a prostitute. But it is unethical, I'll give you that."
I chewed my lip and regarded her. "Go on then. Give me a lecture about how I shouldn't have taken the job."
"No."
"Why not? I deserve it."
She rolled her eyes. "I take it the money was good."
I just looked at her.
"Very good?" she persisted.
I nodded.
"And you had a lot of bills to pay?"
I could no longer face her. I got up to pour myself a glass of wine. 
"Cleo, I'm not an idiot. I know my medical bills must be huge. The money had to come from somewhere to pay them, plus there's art school and keeping food on the table. We've never gone without. You saw to that." 
She was suddenly right next to me, plucking the glass out of my hand. I couldn't see her very well through the tears blurring my vision, but her presence was a comfort.
"You've taken good care of me, Cleo. Now I'm going to take care of you, starting with giving you a hug." She pulled me to her and I cried, again. After a while, she steered me to the kitchen stool. "Next, I'm going to pour this wine and cook you something to eat. Then tomorrow, or the next day, whenever you feel up to it, we'll discuss what to do about money."
"I'll get another job," I told her. 
"All in good time."
What I didn't tell her was that there was no way I could earn the same amount as just a PA. On top of what Ellen paid, I'd been getting a wage from my targets. No normal job could come close.  
***
Ellen kept trying to call me over the next week, but I ignored her. The following week, she came to the house. I saw her drive up in her red sports scar and unfold those long legs from the driver's seat. I didn't answer the doorbell and since Becky wasn't home, I didn't have to. Ellen went away. She called again every day for the next week and I deleted all her messages without listening to them.
Reece didn't call once.
I no longer cried myself to sleep by week four. My tears seemed to have dried up, leaving a hollow space inside me. I couldn't seem to muster any sort of emotional response to anything. Becky spoke to me, but I hardly heard her. I got up in the morning, bought groceries when we ran out, and went through the motions of showering, dressing and eating. But it was like I was in a fog, sort of there yet not. 
I looked at job ads, but applied for none of them. They were either located too far away, didn't pay well enough, or sounded dull. We lived off our savings, but they were dwindling every week. The loan I'd taken out to pay the medical bills ate into the savings like a ferocious beast that needed to be continually fed. 
Until the loan suddenly ended. I received a final statement from the bank showing every last cent had been paid in a lump sum. I rang them but they wouldn't tell me who had paid off the loan due to confidentiality reasons.
"But I'm the only one with access to that account," I told the rep over the phone. "I'm the only one who can pay it. Someone has given you an incorrect number and paid my loan off by mistake. You need to give them their money back."
"No, Miss Denny, the amount paid into the account was the exact amount owing. It's too precise to be a mistake."
"Then tell me who paid it?"
"I can't. The information isn't available to me."
"It's weird," I told her. "Very weird."
"If you want my advice, Miss Denny, just accept it and be grateful."
I hung up and told Becky what had happened. "It must have been Ellen," I said. "She feels guilty for ending my relationship with Reece."
"You don't think it could have been him?" 
I shook my head. "He wouldn't do something so thoughtful when he doesn't even want to think about me. It had to be Ellen."
"Whoever it was, let's celebrate with chocolate. No more loan, woohoo!"
I didn't join in with the woohoo, but I did eat chocolate. It didn't feel right accepting money from anyone, even Ellen, particularly such a large amount. It would seem I'd have to speak to her after all, but not just yet.
"Maybe this will take your mind off everything," Becky said, waving a thick cream card at me. "Remember that new wellness center for cancer patients? It's finished."
"I thought they ran out of funds."
"Looks like they found a new source. This is an invitation to its opening. The hospital must have passed on my name. Your name's on it too."
"I'm not going, but you should. You can discuss war stories with the other survivors."
She gave me a withering glare. "I'm not going without you. Come on, it'll be fun and God knows, we need some fun."
Something in her tone gave me pause. I'd been so wrapped up in my own misery that I'd forgotten about my sister and her world. "Is everything okay, Bec?"
"Sure."
I narrowed my gaze. "I don't believe you. Is it Cassie?" My heart rate kicked into top gear and rammed against my ribs. "The house?"
She gave a small nod. "She got served a court order. If she doesn't vacate by Monday, she'll be forcibly removed. The bulldozers will be there at nine."
I lowered my head to my hands. I wasn't surprised that he'd changed his mind. I'd known it would happen, although I'd hoped to be proven wrong. "Damn you, Reece," I muttered.
"He's a bastard, Cleo," Becky said, circling her arm around my shoulders. "This just proves that you're lucky to be rid of him."
I shook my head. "It's not black and white. He's not necessarily the villain and Cassie the heroine. He's torn up over Wendy's death, even now, twelve years later. He still blames himself and having Cassie blame him too doesn't help."
Becky chewed her lip and gave a reluctant nod. She at least wasn't blinded by her affection for her friend to see the truth in what I said. "Are you telling me he wants revenge on Cassie for blaming him?"
"No, it's not like that. He just can't face Willow Crescent anymore, or that house. He wants to go home again and spend time with his family, but the memories of Wendy and his role in her death have screwed him up so much that he can't do it. Not alone, anyway."
"I suppose I get it," she said. "Twelve years of guilt can mess with anyone's head."
"Just before he found out about my involvement with Ellen, he told me he wouldn't pull the house down if I went home with him. We were going to face his demons together."
"Why didn't you tell me this? Or better yet, tell Cassie?"
"Because it became irrelevant after he broke up with me."
"It might have softened Cassie a little toward him if she knew how affected he'd been by Wendy's death. The reason she hates him so much is because she thinks he never cared. She sees the successful Reece Kavanagh in the papers, making billions of dollars and dating gorgeous women, and she thinks he just brushed off her sister."
"He cared. He cared so much that he buried the real Reece beneath a fake one just so he could get on with life."
"You make him sound vulnerable."
"He is. He's lonely." The truth of that jolted me. Reece was lonely. He kept everyone at arm's length, including his family. Everyone except me—until now.
She sighed. "It's hard to reconcile the guy you describe with the one in the media, the one Cassie hates."
"I know. The question is, what do we do now? We can't let him bulldoze Cassie's house."
"You want to go up against him, after everything you just told me? I thought you were on his side."
"I am. Bulldozing Cassie's house will make him feel even shittier in the long run. He just doesn't see it yet."
"Typical man. They're so short-sighted."
I laughed for the first time in weeks. "Thank you," I said, hugging her. "I know the guy you've seen is hard to like, but the guy I know isn't."
She frowned at me. "I thought you were getting over him, but it doesn't sound like it."
I ignored her and walked off in the direction of my room. "Grab some shoes. We're going to Cassie's house to form a plan of action. Monday is only two days away."
***
We spent the next two days at Cassie's place, contacting everyone we knew and some we didn't. We dropped leaflets in letterboxes all over Serendipity Bend and rallied the neighbors. Ash joined us on Sunday afternoon to run through the plan for the following morning.
"No media," he said as we sat in Cassie's living room, cups of coffee in hand.
"Agreed," I said. "It'll freak him out and make him do the opposite of what we want."
Ash arched his brows at me. "You've gotten to know him pretty well."
I nodded, keenly aware that Cassie still hated Reece and might not be prepared to hear any good things about him. It was she who wanted the media present. "He hasn't been home in years, has he?"
Ash shook his head. "Ten or more."
Cassie's breath hitched. "Why not? Did your Mom banish him?"
"No. Nothing like that. Mom and Dad have begged him to come round, but he refuses. He hates this place, this street. It reminds him of Wendy."
"Don't be ridiculous! She was my sister. If I can live here then he can visit from time to time. You're both wrong about Reece. I know he's your brother, Ash, but that blinds you to the fact that he's changed."
"How do you know?" It was Becky who asked, taking me by surprise. Cassie too if her slack-jawed expression was anything to go by. "When was the last time you saw him in person, one on one?"
"I, um, it's been a while. But that's not the point. Reece is bulldozing my home and I will not stand by and let him do it."
"Neither will we," I told her. "None of us want Reece to go ahead with this." I eyed Ash and Becky, hoping to convey the message that they should let the matter drop. Cassie wasn't ready to understand Reece. If he succeeded, she probably never would be.
"I think I see a flaw in our plan," Becky said. "Its success depends on him seeing the backlash, particularly from the people he loves. But if he hasn't been here for years, he's unlikely to come now."
"Leave that to me," Ash said. "I've got a card up my sleeve that I was saving for the right time. I think now is that time."
"What is it?" Cassie asked, a sly smile on her face. 
"It's not a what, it's a who."
Her smile faded. She blinked at him and he stared back at her until she looked away. It was as if they'd spoken, yet not a word had passed their lips. I looked to Becky, but she just shrugged, as much in the dark as me. 
***
We slept the night at Cassie's house and got up early Monday morning to prepare. It wasn't long before people trickled onto Cassie's property, brandishing hand painted signs. I recognized the other students from her art class, and a couple of guys who looked like Reece and Ash. There were older people dressed more for a day of sailing than protesting, and I pegged them to be neighbors. I spotted at least two celebrities and Becky saw a couple more. Someone must have contacted the police and the media, unfortunately. A reporter stood on Cassie's back porch and tried to get an interview with her, but she successfully avoided her and the reporter eventually gave up.
At nine, a low rumble in the distance signaled the arrival of the bulldozers. I went in search of Ash and found him standing with a guy with shoulders like bricks. He sported the dark hair and good looks of a Kavanagh.
Ash called me over and introduced me as Reece's girlfriend. 
"I'm not," I quickly countered. "I worked for Reece until he fired me. We were…" I shrugged, giving up on explaining what Reece and I meant to each other. It no longer mattered anyway. "Which brother are you? Number four or five?"
"Two," he said, his voice rumbling from a chest that strained his white T-shirt. "I'm Blake."
My mouth formed an O and I found myself searching the crowd for Cassie. This was the guy she'd dated. I got the feeling she hadn't heard from him or seen him in years. Nor, I'd been led to believe, had his family.
"He arrived back in Roxburg yesterday," Ash explained. "We've enlisted him to help out."
"He's your secret weapon," I said, remembering Cassie's reaction.
Ash nodded and handed his cell to Blake. "Call him."
"You think his presence back here will make Reece break a ten-year habit of not visiting?" I asked as Blake searched through the phone for Reece's number.
"It's not so much Blake's presence, but what he's going to tell him. Listen." Ash crossed his arms, smug, and watched his brother.
"Not Ash," Blake said down the line. "It's me." He listened, his mouth quirking up on one side. I imagined Reece giving him an earful about not coming home to Roxburg for years and showing up now, of all times. 
"Finished?" Blake rumbled. "Because it's my turn. You're a goddamn coward, Reece." Silence, then: "Are you still there?"
I glanced at Ash. He looked worried. 
"Don't make me come over there and drag your ass down here," Blake went on. "I'm bigger than you now and I've got military training."
"Hang up," Ash said heavily. "He won't come."
But Blake wouldn't give up. A coldness settled into his eyes, as steely and menacing as anything I'd ever seen in Reece's. "You are a coward, Brother," he said through a clenched jaw. "You won't even face the people whose lives you're changing." He searched the crowd until his gaze settled on a redhead surrounded by a throng of people. The ice disappeared from his eyes, replaced with a longing that cracked my heart. 
As if she felt his gaze, Cassie turned, but quickly walked off in the opposite direction.
"Goddamn it, Reece!" Blake shouted. 
I stepped up to him and rested my hand on his arm to stop him throwing the phone at the nearest tree. "Hang up," I said quietly. "He won't come." My heart slid into freefall, straight to my toes. Shouting at Reece and calling him names wasn't going to work. I'd tried that already.
Blake blinked rapidly at me. "Yeah, it's her," he said into the phone. He pulled the cell away from his ear. "He hung up."
"Did he hear me?"
He nodded. "He recognized your voice."
"And what did he say?"
"Nothing. He just hung up. What's going on between you two?"
I sighed. "Nothing anymore. I screwed up and he's mad at me. It's all my fault. Don't blame him."
"I don't." He looked over my head again, once more checking the crowd, probably searching for a particular redhead. "I never did. That's the whole fucking problem." He walked off and I was left standing there with Ash, wondering what the hell he was talking about.
"Blake stood up for Reece after Wendy died," Ash explained, watching the crowd part for his brother as if they were afraid he would trample right over them if they didn't. "Cassie couldn't forgive him for not blaming Reece. It broke them apart and Blake hasn't been the same since."
"Oh," I whispered, wiping my eyes. My tears were close, me nerves on edge, and it wasn't just because of Blake's sorry story. "That's so sad."
"At least he's back now."
"For how long?"
"It depends."
The growl of the bulldozers being driven off the backs of trucks stopped me asking more questions. Cassie's voice came over the loud speaker, organizing the protesters into a line that spanned the length of the house, two-deep. Somebody started a chant and the line of people linked arms, joining in. 
A foreman tried to shout over the top of Cassie, asking people to move, but he was drowned out. He appealed to the police, standing by watching. There were only four of them, not nearly enough to have an impact. They didn't seem interested in moving anyone yet, and simply shrugged.
The foreman got on the phone. The media crews got excited, smelling a story that had the potential to explode. Nothing sells the news like a few celebrities getting involved in a protest. The only thing that would sell more would be a violent protest involving celebrities.
"Holy cow!" said Becky, beside me. She nodded at the drive where another half dozen police cars rolled into view. 
"The foreman seems stressed out," I said. "No doubt Reece is riding him hard, telling him to get moving."
Becky hugged my arm. "Our plan isn't working, is it?"
"No," I said heavily. "It's not."
The increased presence of the cops rallied the foreman. "Go home now or you'll be forcibly moved!" he shouted through his own loud speaker.
One of the cops snatched the hailer off him. "Go home," he said to the protesters in a more placating voice. "I've got orders to arrest anyone who tries to stop the crew from doing their work."
"Becky, I want you to leave," I said.
"No way." She sounded excited and not at all worried. 
"I won't let you get a record because of this. Or hurt."
She puffed out her chest. "And I won't let that happen to you either. We're a team, Cleo. You take care of me and I take care of you."
I tried to convince her, but she wasn't listening. She and almost a hundred others shouted at the foreman as he signaled the driver to start the bulldozer.
The machine drove forward and paused at the human line. Nobody moved. An elderly lady smacked her poster on the bulldozer and a policeman picked her up and carried her out of the way as if she were as insignificant as a twig. Another cop cuffed her.
That riled up the protesters even more. Cassie was clearly the leader, standing at the center, urging her supporters to hold the line. A policeman headed over to her, but Blake stepped in before the cop could haul her away. He wound up to punch him, but Cassie leapt at him and said something I couldn't hear. She pushed him back, somehow managing to use her small body against his big one and succeed in shoving him out of trouble. 
The other protesters swallowed them up and swelled forward, surging around us like a tide. We were swept ahead, jostled and elbowed. I lost Becky. I spotted the three youngest Kavanagh brothers all shouting and shaking their fists at the demolition crew. The cops formed a united barrier, but they were outnumbered. 
It wouldn't be long before tear gas and violence were used.
"Becky!" I shouted. But it was useless. No way could she hear me. I couldn't even see her. I climbed up on the porch and scanned the throng, but it wasn't her I saw.
A tall, blonde woman carved a swathe through the protestors, straight for the Kavanagh brothers. Behind her trailed a tall, well-built man with gray hair, but it was the woman who caught my attention. 
It was Ellen, and she went right up to Ash and hugged him. It would seem she knew all the Kavanaghs, not just Reece. I watched as she urged all three of them to leave. They shook their heads. Then the man joined in and she got angry at him too and tried to pull him away. He leaned down and kissed her lovingly, putting an end to her anger. No brother or mere friend kissed like that. It was a lover's kiss. 
I leaned forward on the porch rail, trying to get a better look at him. His gait was familiar, and the way he held himself. It was sort of imperial, as if he were above everyone there. He turned, giving me a direct view of his face.
I gasped and fell back. It was Reece's face, only older. It must be his father.
Which meant Ellen was either his wife or lover. Reece's mother, or step-mother. 
What the hell? She had set me up to spy on her own son? It all fell into place. The reason why she'd targeted him and this project—she lived right next door—her deep knowledge of what Reece liked, and her reason for ultimately telling him that I worked for her. It would have come out eventually, and it was better coming from her sooner rather than later.
Even so, she'd misjudged her own son badly and her plan had backfired. Not to mention she'd manipulated me as well as Reece. I got the distinct impression she'd known I would sleep with him all along and that he would want to have a relationship with me. A proper one, not a casual fling.
A high-pitched cry to my right dragged my attention away from the Kavanagh family reunion. I recognized that cry. Becky. A policeman was hauling her away by her arms. Another leaned over her, threatening. The look on her face was one of pure terror.



CHAPTER 12


I fought my way toward Becky. I could no longer see her or hear her, but I kept pushing through. I got elbowed in the chest and hit across the cheek with the edge of a wooden banner. 
I spotted her pink shoe and barreled toward it. She sat on the ground, one arm pinned behind her by a cop, the other lashing out aimlessly. The other policeman shouted at her to stop struggling or she'd be arrested for assaulting an officer. But Becky wasn't listening. She was hysterical, crying and screaming and kicking.
I had to get to her and calm her down before she got herself hurt or arrested. "Becky!" I cried, shoving at the sweaty body of a man who got too close. The crowd was thick near her, the noise level deafening. It was chaos. The protesters jostled for position and surged whenever the police arrested someone. 
 "Becky, it's me!" I said when I drew closer. "Stop fighting the cops." Another man crashed into me, and I tried to push him away, but he was too heavy. Unbalanced, he fell in my direction and took me down with him. He landed half on my chest, but scrambled to his feet and got swallowed up by the crowd again. 
All the air rushed out of me. My lungs constricted and wouldn't expand. I tried to suck in breaths, but only managed a painful rasp. 
"Cleo!" Becky screamed. I spotted her through the legs. Her face was a picture of panic as she stared wide-eyed back at me. At least she'd stopped struggling against the cop who held her.
I tried to call out and tell her I'd be all right, but without air, the words wouldn't come. Panic seized me by the throat. I needed to breathe. 
There were so many people around, but nobody seemed aware of me. Feet kicked out or stepped over me. If I didn't move I'd be trampled. But I couldn't get up, couldn't call for help.
"Cleo!" Becky cried. "Help her! Over there!
One of the cops charged through the crowd and lifted me in his arms. He held me against his solid chest and carried me out of danger to a bench seat beneath a tree where he settled me gently down again, but did not let me go. He cradled me against his body, my head tucked beneath his chin. He rubbed my back with slow, melodic strokes, easing the panic out of me. My chest inflated as the panic eased. I breathed once, twice, and turned to my rescuer. 
I stared into Reece's worried face.
He backed away, breathing hard, as if he too struggled for breath. Then he turned and ran back to the house. I tried to call his name, but my voice hadn't completely returned. It died on my lips. 
A moment later Becky was spat out by the crowd and ran to me. "Cleo! Are you okay?" She helped me sit up then sat beside me. "I saw you go down and the cops wouldn't let me go to you. Next thing I knew, Reece was picking you up. He told the cop to let me go just now, and he's dispersing the rest of the protesters too."
"He is? How?" I followed her gaze to see the bulldozers being driven onto the backs of the trucks. 
The protesters cheered and Cassie's voice came over the loud speaker, hailing it as a victory over the greedy RK Financial Group and Reece in particular. She went on to say the war wasn't over yet. The bulldozers would be back tomorrow.
Reece hadn't given in.
I shut my eyes and concentrated on filling my lungs with delicious air, but I couldn't completely block out thoughts of Reece, the way he'd wrapped his arms around me, and the terror I'd felt at seeing Becky dragged off by the police. The thought of doing it all again the next day defeated me. I started to cry.
Becky folded me in her arms. "We'll get through this together, Sis. It'll be all right." It was what I used to say to her after she underwent chemo. I hardly thought the two things compared, but clearly my words had made an impact. I felt proud of her, of her courage and fight, and hugged her back. She was a great kid. Woman, I corrected. She was all grown up now.
"Cleo? Cleo, are you all right?" It was Ellen's voice, edged with worry. 
I wiped my tears and blinked back at her. "You're his mother," I accused. 
"Who's this?" Becky asked.
"Ellen," I said without taking my gaze off my former boss. "Mrs. Kavanagh. She hired me to sleep with her son."
"I did not!" Ellen said, hands on hips. She shook her head and sat on my other side. "Cleo, I hired you for exactly the job I told you to do. Stop Reece from tearing this place down."
"We failed."
"It looks like it's still standing to me."
"Reece will be back with his bulldozers tomorrow and more police. The standoff won't last forever."
"Well," she said, her voice brittle as dry paper. "Why did he come here today, do you think? He's not been here for ten years, but he came despite telling me, his father and each of his brothers that he wouldn't."
I shrugged. I didn't want to play games with her. Ellen was just too good and I was a mess. "I don't know and I don't care."
"Of course you do. Blake told me why Reece came. He knows his brother better than anyone else. They're very similar."
"What did Blake say?" I was too tired to battle with her. I couldn't see Reece and for the first time in weeks, I didn't want to. He was no good for me and it was time I realized it and moved on. 
"That Reece heard your voice when Blake called earlier and came straight over. He knew there was going to be trouble. It was all over the news, which is why I came too. Reece was worried about you, Cleo."
I sighed and scanned the thinning crowd. I found Reece talking to the police, perhaps smoothing things over. At one stage, he turned around and snapped at the reporter shoving a microphone in his face. She scampered away to a safe distance with her camera crew.
"We don't believe that," Becky told Ellen. "If he was worried, he would have come and seen if she was okay in the last few weeks. Because you know what? She hasn't been okay."
"Becky," I scolded gently. "Don't."
"He's too proud to back down and give in," Ellen said. "But he did take care of you, in his own way."
Becky folded her arms and humphed. I stared at Ellen. "Reece paid off my loan?"
She nodded.
"How did he know? I never told him. Or you, for that matter."
"I found out when I first employed you. Don't look at me like that, Cleo. You don't expect me to employ people without checking their credit history and other records, do you?"
I shook my head, not because I was disagreeing with her, but because I couldn't believe I'd underestimated her. "That was my private information, and you told Reece! Christ, Ellen, that's…" I was lost for words. I should have been angrier than I was, but it was hard to get angry when she and Reece had actually done me a favor. "Ruthless," I finished for myself. "Like mother, like son."
"It does tend to run in the family."
"The information you gave me listed his mother's name as Bertha. Is that you?"
She pulled a face. "Bertha. Ugh. Ellen is my middle name."
"So what other secrets did you tell him about me and Becky?"
"Nothing!" She held up her hands. The gold rings on nearly every finger winked in the sun. "I only told him that because I became worried after he fired you. I knew you had debts and needed a well-paying job to pay them off. I was furious with him and told him he shouldn't have behaved so rashly. He'd put a huge amount of pressure on you in doing so. He asked me for your account information."
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"I would have if you returned my calls."
I bit my lip. 
"But that's all I told him," she said. "I never mentioned your parents' deaths or your sister's health. I don't know how he knew about her, but he must have found out because he paid for that cancer wellness center."
Becky gasped. "He paid for it! You mean…all of it?"
Ellen lifted one shoulder. "They only needed another million to finish it off."
Becky's eyes bulged. "A million!"
"He knew about Becky," I said. "He found out just before we…before he fired me."
Ellen nudged my shoulder gently with her own. "See?"
"See what?"
"He cares about you. He wouldn't have done those things if he didn't."
"He did them out of guilt. Once he found out I needed the money, he felt he should do something. That's all." But her news rattled me. It proved that he didn't totally hate me. "So…nobody hired you to stop Reece? There was no client?"
"Of course there was. The Kavanagh family hired me."
"They're your family."
"That's why I gave them a discount. Half price for my sons, double for my husband."
Becky laughed. 
I rolled my eyes and Ellen smiled at me. "Go and talk to him," she said, nodding in Reece's direction. He stood near his car, surrounded by his four brothers and father. "He looks like he could do with some rescuing."
I shook my head. "We have nothing to say to one another. I can only apologize so much before I lose what little dignity I have left."
"If you say so."
We sat in silence a few moments until I broke it. "I still can't believe you're a mother."
"Neither can I sometimes. I have no maternal instincts and never have. One day I was a newlywed and then I suddenly became the mother of five lively boys. Next thing I knew they'd grown up and not a single one of them knew how to get themselves a nice girl."
"What do you mean?"
"I thought Blake would be all right with Cassie, but they didn't work out. So I decided to do something about it, starting with the eldest."
"You set up Reece and Cleo for that too?" Becky said, incredulous.
"Don't get mad," Ellen said to both of us. To me she said, "But in the interests of our newfound honesty with one another, I thought I should tell you that part of the reason I chose you to work this project was because I thought you would suit each other in ways other than professional. Besides, I like you. I wouldn't mind having you as a daughter-in-law."
"Ellen…that is…actually kind of sweet. I think. Manipulative, but sweet. Did you tell Reece?"
"Yes."
"And what did he say?"
"He called me a lot of things, manipulative being one of them, but not sweet." She sighed. "My eldest son is my pride and joy, but I hardly see him anymore. Not since Wendy's death. He's too busy burying his guilt by living the life of a high flyer. I miss him and I just want him to come back home once in a while. But not at Cassie's expense. He seems to think this house is linked to his bad memories and won't listen to reason."
"He thinks tearing it down will allow him to forget," I said. We all stared in the direction of the five handsome Kavanagh boys and their father. 
"He's here now," Becky said, "and the house is still standing."
She had a point. Maybe being here lowered his defenses somewhat. Maybe now was the best time to confront him.
I got up before I changed my mind and headed toward him. Neither Ellen nor Becky tried to stop me. As soon as one Kavanagh saw me, the others quickly turned to watch my progress. All except Reece. He stared straight ahead, rigid, his jaw a rock. The others dispersed, leaving me alone with him. At least he didn't walk off. 
I swallowed. "Thanks for rescuing me." 
"Are you okay?" he asked.
"No."
His jaw slackened and he scanned me head to toe. "Where are you hurt?"
I tapped my chest. "Here. It aches, Reece."
His lips pinched and his nostrils flared. "Don't."
"Okay, I won't. I'm not here to talk about us, anyway. I'm here because Ellen—your mother—is desperately unhappy. She wants you to go home for a family dinner."
"Did she send you over here to say that?"
"No. She'd be horrified if she knew I was talking about her as if she possessed maternal instincts. She believes she doesn't have any, but she does."
He barked a harsh laugh. "You don't know her very well if you think that."
"She loves you, Reece, she just has a hard time showing it."
"Maybe if she didn't meddle so much—"
"Don't put the blame on her," I snapped. "We all know why you don't come home anymore and I'm going to tell you a hard truth, because, well, what have I got to lose? I've already lost you, so what does it matter?"
He stood very still, as if he were holding himself together. I expected him to storm off, but he didn't.
"Stop blaming yourself for that girl's death. It wasn't your fault, no matter what Cassie thinks. Wendy was mentally unbalanced and needed professional help."
"That's your opinion."
"That's everyone's opinion."
He said nothing, just looked straight ahead, his fists white-knuckled at his sides. 
"Fine. Punish yourself if you think you're to blame, but don't punish those who love you. Go home. Visit your parents. Just avoid this house if you absolutely can't stand to be here." I was angry now and frustrated at his thick-headed stubbornness. 
"You seem to have forgiven my mother very easily," he said lazily. "You do know she set us up?"
"I do. Again, a mother worried about her son."
"I don't need her to worry about me. I need her to butt out of my life."
I threw my hands up and let them slam down on my hips. "Do you know how lucky you are to have parents who care so much about you?" To my shame and horror, my tears welled again. They were never far from the surface lately. "I would do anything to have parents like yours, anything to have them here."
His face went white. His arms dropped to his sides. "Cleo, why are you crying?"
I shook my head, unable to answer him through the waterfall of tears.
He moved closer, his face a blur. "Cleo…your parents…where are they?"
"Roxburg West cemetery."
"Jesus," he muttered. "I didn't know." He shifted his weight, looked left, right, up, and finally down again, but never at me. "I knew you didn't live with them, but I thought that was because you fell out. I figured your name was on the loan documents because you earned more."
"Well, now you know." I wiped away my tears, angry that I'd cried in front of him. I'd wanted to be strong, cavalier, not a blubbering, pathetic mess. "It's just me and Becky and has been for seven years. They died in the Roxburg Park High shooting on my graduation day."
"I remember that," he whispered. "Your graduation day. That means you were there. You saw them die."
I nodded and swallowed back more tears as the dark memories crowded close, threatening to block out the good ones that I tried always to keep at the forefront of my mind. 
"Jesus," he said again. "You brought your sister up alone after they died?"
"Yes. I was old enough to be her guardian."
"They weren't alive when she got sick?"
"What does it matter?"
"It matters because…you're so together."
I frowned at him. What the hell was he saying? 
"You're normal," he went on.
"Gee, thanks. Is that your way of saying that I'm boring?"
"Christ." He sagged back against the car door and stared at the house. He looked exhausted, miserable. It almost killed me not to take him in my arms and hold him.
I bit my wobbly lip and turned away. It was time to go home and regroup. Tomorrow was going to be another long day. Tomorrow. Another day without Reece in my arms and my bed. I sucked in air and bit the inside of my cheek to stop myself crying again. It worked. I was able to walk away with my head high and my eyes clear.
"Cleo," he called out.
I kept walking. Stopping would only give me hope, and hope led to being let down again, every time harder than the last.
The gravel scrunched behind me. He grasped my arm, pulling me to a stop. I jerked out of his grip and rounded on him. "Don't, Reece. You've said everything you wanted to say. I get it. I'm a bitch and I hurt you. I'm sorry." My voice caught. I cleared my throat. "I'm so sorry, but I refuse to dwell on what might have been any more. I've done that for four weeks and it's gotten me nothing but a sore heart and a fat ass from all the ice cream."
His lips twitched. "Your ass looks good to me."
"Shut up! You don't get to look at my ass anymore!"
"Then don't walk in front of me."
"This isn't funny!" I went to thump his shoulder, but he caught my hand and pulled me to him. "Don't, Reece," I sobbed, unable to look at him. "Don't be wonderful again then dump me. I can't bounce back anymore. It hurts."
He pressed his warm lips to my forehead and I cried harder. My heart was filled to overflowing, yet still bruised and battered. I couldn't make sense of anything any more. Why was he being nice to me again? 
"I won't," he murmured against my forehead. "I won't hurt you ever again. I promise, Cleo."
I shook my head. "I'm sure it was me who hurt you, not the other way round."
I felt him smile. His heart thudded against my forearms, trapped between us. His body was a warm cocoon that I wanted to sink into and be surrounded by, always. My fierce love for him scared me to bits, but I stayed there and battled through my fear in the hope I could one day come out the other side.
He drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Wendy's death wasn't my fault."
I looked up at him. It seemed to have cost him a great deal to say it, but he also seemed like he believed it too. "That's what everyone's been trying to tell you, but you've refused to listen."
"I'm listening now."
"Why, Reece? What changed?"
"You came into my life." His arms tightened. "You're so strong and capable and wonderful. I didn't know that you saw your parents die and that you had to deal with Becky's cancer scare on your own. I'm in awe of you."
He was in awe of me? His words sent a frisson of pride and pleasure whispering across my skin. "What has that got to do with Wendy and you?" I asked.
"Everything. I thought she was fragile because of what she'd been through. Mom and Dad tried to tell me at the time that she'd always been that way, but Wendy made me believe it was because she'd seen her parents die. She said she just needed me to help her get through it. I chose to believe her, not them. But after knowing you went through just as much crap, I see that it wasn't the death of her parents that made her delicate. It was just the way she was."
"It wasn't you either." I brushed his hair from his forehead and cupped his cheek. He tilted his head into it. "There was nothing you could do to help someone like that, no matter what she said or how much time you gave her. She was never going to get better without medication. Never going to be happy."
He nodded. "I know that now. Thanks to you." He stroked his knuckles down my cheek and gently grasped my chin. "I love you, Cleo."
My heart swelled and hammered out an erratic but happy rhythm in my chest. "I love you too, Reece."
He kissed me, finally, to a background of applause.



EPILOGUE


It was weird sitting at the dinner table with Ellen after working for her for two years and not knowing she had a family. She wasn't very different to the efficient, cool woman I knew. She ruled the household with humor and some subtle manipulation that I was pretty sure her sons didn't even notice. 
Her husband, Harry, seemed to adore her, but he did admonish her for her role in bringing Reece and myself together. Unlike her, he was open and fun, but I knew there had to be a savvy business brain in his head for him to have amassed such a large fortune.
"She thinks we're all too stupid to follow our hearts by ourselves," Harry said to me as he filled my wine glass. "I tried telling her she should just put everyone in a room together and see what happens rather than playing these games. They never work."
"Look at Reece and Cleo," Ellen protested. "They worked out."
"No thanks to you, my darling vixen."
She smacked his hand away when he went to hug her. He laughed. "And what about Cassie and Blake?" she said under her breath with a nod in her second eldest son's direction as he spoke to Ash at the other end of the table. 
"Considering they haven't worked out, I don't think they're a good example," he said.
"Precisely. We let them fumble through on their own and look what happened. Nothing but heartache on both sides." She sighed. Harry frowned at his plate and didn't say anything more on the matter. I had a feeling he'd lost that battle.
Cassie had been invited to dinner, but declined. She and Blake hadn't spoken since the morning of the protest a week ago. I learned that he'd been in the army all these years, but he wouldn't elaborate on where he'd been posted. Reece told me Blake didn't like talking about it. 
Becky sat between the youngest two Kavanagh brothers, laughing and flirting. I was beginning to think I had to keep a closer eye on her until Reece leaned toward me, his shoulder against mine.
"She'll be fine," he said quietly, his eyes twinkling. "She's got an amazing role model." He placed his hand on the back of my neck and drew me in for a kiss. It was tender and sweet, just like Reece.
One of his brothers groaned. "Not at the dinner table. You're putting me off my food."
"Nothing puts you off your food," said Ellen. "Ordinarily I don't allow kissing at the dinner table, but I'll make an exception this once."
"In that case," Harry said, setting down his knife and fork. "I'd better take advantage while I can." He grasped Ellen around her waist and hoisted her onto his lap. They kissed like a couple madly in love.
Two of their sons covered their eyes, one pulled a face, and all five told them to knock it off.
Becky and I laughed. 

THE END

GET 3 KAVANAGH FAMILY NOVELS IN A DISCOUNTED BOXED SET
If you enjoyed this book, I hope you will consider buying THE KAVANAGH FAMILY SERIES BOX SET: BOOKS 1-3. By purchasing the 3-book box set, you're getting them at a cheaper price than buying the books individually.

Now Available:
The Billionaire Boyfriend Proposal
When Blake Kavanagh left Serendipity Bend 8 years ago, he took Cassie West's heart with him. Now he's back, damaged from his experiences in the army and wanting to renew his relationship with the only woman he ever loved. But Cassie wants nothing to do with the guy who abandoned her when she needed him most, just like everyone she ever loved.

When trouble enters Cassie's ordered life, Blake is forced to stay with her to protect her. And that's when Cassie's carefully constructed walls begin to crumble. She lets him in, only to find out he's leaving her. Again.
The Billionaire Boyfriend Proposal is now available. Download it now or read on for an excerpt.

Sign up to Kendra's Newsletter - Get 5 FREE Stories!
To be notified when Kendra releases a new Kavanagh Family novel, sign up to her newsletter. All newsletter subscribers will have exclusive access to 5 short romantic stories that are not available anywhere else. These stories cannot be bought, and are Kendra's gift to you. Go to this page on her website and fill in the form to sign up. You will be sent a link where you can read the stories: http://www.kendralittle.com/newsletter.html


BOOKS BY KENDRA
The Billionaire Boyfriend Trap
The Billionaire Boyfriend Proposal
The Billionaire Boyfriend Bargain
The Billionaire Boyfriend Mistake
The Billionaire Boyfriend Dilemma
Billionaire Bad Boy
Bedding The Billionaire
Snapped
Suddenly Sexy
King
Lord


ABOUT KENDRA
Kendra writes sensual contemporary romances featuring strong men and the women who bring them to their knees. She's married with 2 children, drinks too much coffee, eats too much chocolate and thinks housework is for people who don't like to read. Follow her on Twitter and Facebook. Learn more about her books and sign up to her newsletter (where you can read 5 short stories for FREE) on her website: http://www.kendralittle.com

An excerpt of THE BILLIONAIRE BOYFRIEND PROPOSAL
Copyright 2014 Kendra Little

CHAPTER 1

Never trust a Kavanagh. That's been my mantra for eight years and it has stood me in good stead. My next door neighbors have proven time and again that they'll steamroll everything and everyone in their path to get what they want, including me and my house. But I wasn't going to give up lightly. I would fight with everything I had. And what I had was a dozen students from my art school and some equally irate neighbors who didn't want their exclusive street overrun by developers. We made up a contingent of one hundred, and we were loud. So loud that we attracted the Roxburg media and the police who had me, the unofficial leader, in their sights.
Never trust a Kavanagh. So when Blake Kavanagh turned up in the middle of the protest, my gut instinct was to ask why. What did he want? What was the second eldest of the five too-gorgeous-for-their-own-good Kavanagh brothers doing back in Serendipity Bend, Roxburg, after breaking my heart eight years ago? 
All this time I'd held myself together and forged ahead, never looking back. I'd tried hard not to think about him and what might have been. I'd relapsed upon Gran's death, but I'd managed to claw my way out of the melancholy and return to the comfortable pattern I'd established for my life.
Until Blake's powerful arms dragged me out of danger, and his fury almost got him arrested. 
Shock rippled through my body. It turned my legs weak and made my nerves jangle. He was here, now, when I needed him most! I'd thought about this day for so long, what I'd say, do, wear. None of that mattered. All sensible thoughts got shoved aside at the sight of his handsome face, strong bones and bright blue eyes filled with a ferocity I'd never seen before. 
I grasped all of that in a fraction of a second. I wanted to gaze at him for longer, digest every small change, but there was no time. Blake wound up his fist to punch the policeman about to arrest me.
"Blake, don't!" I shouted. "If you get arrested because of me…" My voice got lost in the cacophony surrounding us and Blake wasn't listening anyway. He had murder in his eyes and it was directed at the cop.
"Don't touch her," he snarled. "Or I'll break your neck."
I had to get him out of there before he did serious damage. I shoved him in the chest, but it was like a fly tapping against a brick wall. He was bigger than I remembered, his shoulders like solid rocks, straining the seams of his black T-shirt. Another time I would have admired them, but not now with the swell of the crowd surging around us and the police threatening to arrest me and my students.
"Cassie!" he shouted down at me. "Get out of here. It's too dangerous. Go!"
"Not without you. I can't have your arrest on my conscience too."
He blanched and took a step back as if my hands on his chest were actually forcing him. Next thing I knew, we were tumbling backward through the crowd. I wasn't sure who was propelling who, but we ended up among the row of camellias at the side of my front porch, safe. Alone.
My heart beat so fast I thought it would burst out of my chest. It wasn't entirely from the danger I'd found myself in. It beat like that because Blake had returned.
He was back, eight years after leaving me with my aging Gran, my asshole of a brother, and my demons. 
I got my first chance to look at him properly since the day we'd argued on the very same porch we now stood near. I still only came up to his chest, but the chest was bigger, broader, his shoulders too. His forearms bulged out of the T-shirt and I found myself staring at them. It was easier than staring at his face with its harder lines, severe mouth, and granite jaw. His hair was cropped close to his scalp and those alert blue eyes harbored more shadows than the last time I'd seen him, something I'd not thought possible. It was an uncompromising face and body, so new yet so familiar.
He stared at me for as long as I stared at him, taking in every inch of me. I wondered if I'd changed in eight years as much as he had. I doubted it. My hair was still a tangle of red curls and the freckles that were the bane of my teenage years still splattered across my nose, but I'd made my peace with them. 
I met his gaze with my own, refusing to back down. I wasn't the naive girl he'd last seen crying on the front porch. I was stronger, and I was going to let him know it. "You're back," I said simply.
He nodded. "You okay?"
"Of course." I glanced over my shoulder. My students had taken up a chant and held fast against the bulldozers. The police hadn't arrested anyone else, but the protest wasn't looking like ending any time soon. Good. Maybe Blake's older brother, Reece, would get the message. If not, at least I'd delayed him.
"We tried to stop him," he said with a shake of his head. 
"We?"
"Ash, Mom, Dad, all of us."
"All of you?"
"He won't listen to us. He's determined to wipe this place off the map." Those blue eyes softened as they scanned my face. "He's only trying to destroy his memories of—"
"Don't. Don't mention her or make him out to be some kind of lost soul, affected by her death. She was my sister."
Blake's lips flattened and he looked heavenward, as if he were appealing to Wendy’s spirit. She'd killed herself twelve years ago over Blake's brother, Reece, who'd cheated on her. I blamed Reece, but it seemed I was the only one. None of the Kavanaghs did. Not even Blake was on my side. Our difference of opinion had festered for four years, infecting our relationship and destroying all the good in it until all that was left was a rotten carcass. Our romance had finally ended on a summer evening on my front porch and I'd never seen him again.
Until now. Where had he been for eight years? I'd never asked the Kavanaghs, preferring to avoid them altogether, and they'd never offered up the information. Wherever he'd been, it had changed him. The once happy guy looked like he hadn't smiled in years. 
"Why are you back now?" I snapped more harshly than I'd meant to. I was tired, my home in danger of being torn down right in front of me, and now this. My stress levels didn't need him to turn up now.
"Ash called me. He thought if anyone could talk him out of making this monumental mistake, it would be me."
"Guess he was wrong."
His gaze shifted to the crowd behind me. A cry went up, followed by an answering roar from the protestors. The rumble of the bulldozer's engine underpinned all other sounds.
"Cassie!" someone cried.
I turned to go, but Blake caught my arm. His grip was hard but not bruising. "I won't give up, Cass. I'm here to stay, for as long as it takes."
Was he talking about stopping Reece? Or about something else? He looked at me with such intensity that I was sure he could see through to my soul. For one heart-stopping moment, I thought he would kiss me. He could have easily pulled me against his body and I wouldn't have been able to resist. 
Part of me wanted him to do it. A traitorous part, but it was small and I was able to drown it out. I stomped on his toe. He sucked air between his teeth and let me go. 
I ran off, back into the crowd where one my students embraced me. 
I didn't see Blake again for the rest of the day. To my utter surprise and relief, Reece arrived and called off the bulldozer. He sent the police, media and demolition crew on their way, and the next thing I knew he was kissing Cleo Denny, the older sister of one of my students, like he couldn't get enough of her. Like she'd saved him.
I couldn't tear my gaze away from them as they leaned up against his car, encased in each other’s arms. They called me over and Reece told me he would leave my house alone. He was even going to do it up for me to live in and keep the rent the same. 
Well huh. Big, bad Reece Kavanagh had a real human heart beating inside his chest after all. It had just taken Cleo to get it ticking again. God help us all if she ever left him. 
***
I didn't see Blake again for the rest of the day, or the next, which suited me fine. I had enough on my plate fending off the media and seeing the garden set to rights again. One entire bed of annuals had been trampled and the bottom porch step was in danger of coming off if anyone heavier than me stepped on it. 
Luckily I was pretty handy with a hammer. I had to be. My brother, Lyle, had been useless so it was no loss when he up and left after inheriting the house. It hadn't been Gran's idea to leave the house to her only surviving male relative. She'd tried several times to get my late grandfather's will overturned, but to no avail. Lyle had got it all after Gran died, although he had promised her that I could stay. Unfortunately his debts had mounted so high that he could no longer climb over them and he broke that promise. He'd sold the house to Reece Kavanagh, leaving me beholden to a member of the family that didn't like me or I them. According to Harry and Ellen Kavanagh, I was the woman who'd screwed up Reece by blaming him for my sister's death, and driven away Blake because he'd stood up for his brother. 
"Cassie!" called out a familiar voice from the drive.
I set down the hammer and waved at Becky Denny, Cleo's sister and one of my art students. One of my favorites, as it happened. Not only did she have spirit and determination, she was just a gorgeous person inside and out.
"What are you doing here?" I asked.
"Cleo's having lunch with the Kavanaghs so I thought I'd get a ride and visit you."
"You weren't invited?"
She tucked her hair behind her ear, but the blonde strands were too short to stay and worked their way free. "I was, but I'd rather see you."
I smiled. "Thanks, Honey. It's not very exciting here." I brandished the hammer. "Just doing some repairs. Are you sure you don't want to eat with the Kavanaghs? They put on a good spread."
"Nope. I'm going to help you. Got a spare hammer?"
I indicated the rust-red toolbox. "No spare, but you can pass me the nails."
She sat on the higher step and fished out the box of nails. "It's probably just as well I'm not hammering anything. I'd probably bang my thumb or something."
"You're not very handy?"
She shrugged. "I don't know. I've never had to fix anything. Cleo always takes care of repairs around the house, or she calls someone if she can’t."
I positioned the supporting bracket underneath the step and banged in the nail. "Looks like you might need to learn now that she's got a new project."
"What new project?"
"Reece."
Her mouth formed an O. "Don't let her hear you call him a project. That sounds short term and Cleo's definitely in it for the long haul."
I sat back on my haunches and regarded her. "They did seem pretty serious yesterday. You think it'll last?"
"Hope so. I kind of like him." She held up her hands when I scoffed. "When he's not being an asshole, he's nice. Just give it time, Cassie. Maybe you'll see he's not so bad too."
"I've known the Kavanaghs a lot longer than you, Becky." I left it at that. She didn't want to hear about my sorry history with my nearest neighbors and I didn't want to go into it. It was too damned messy and best left in the past. I focused on the positives instead. "Ash is okay, I'll give you that. And I admit I don't know the youngest two brothers very well. If I see them in the street they wave, but that's about it." Ash was the middle of the five brothers, and a good guy. If I ever had a problem with my neighbors, I called him and he'd speak to his parents. None of the boys lived at home anymore, even though the house was the size of a football field. They probably didn't want to live under the same roof as their dragon mother. "Are they all going to lunch today?"
"Everyone except Blake."
My heart didn't a little flip in my chest, as it always did when I heard his name. Old habits died hard, I guess. "Maybe he's left Roxburg again." I tried to sound like I didn't care, but I heard the hitch in my voice. "Now that Reece has decided not to tear this place down, Blake has no reason to stay.
"Maybe. But it seems like he hasn't got a reason to leave now either."
I fumbled the nail she passed me and it fell through the space between the steps and landed on the ground. "What do you mean?"
"Didn't you know? He's quit the army."
Holy crap. Blake had been in the army all this time? That explained the muscles upon muscles. "I didn't even know he'd enlisted." I took another nail and concentrated on the task. If I let my focus lapse, I'd wind up with a bruised finger.
"Apparently he didn't tell his family for years either. I think they hired a P.I. to locate him, but he never wrote or called. What kind of guy does that to his family?"
One who wanted to disappear.
"He seemed pretty intense with you yesterday." Becky's tone was teasingly curious, but I wouldn't get sucked into answering. "You guys have history." It wasn't a question.
"We've known each other all our lives. I used to date him." I left it at that. I liked Becky, but I preferred to keep our relationship on a teacher-student footing. It was easier that way.
"Good job," she said, inspecting the step. 
I tested it with my weight. It held so I jumped on it and it still held. "Coffee first or do I tackle the garden?"
"Coffee," she said, grinning. "Then I'll help you. I'm pretty sure I did some of that damage."
I tossed the hammer back into the toolbox and closed the lid. "Don't sweat it. Considering the chaos of yesterday, the place came out all right. Besides, gardening is soothing."
"At least you don't have to clean up your fence."
"Huh?"
She looked at me like I was stupid. "The fences all along your street. Haven't you seen them?"
"I haven't left the house." I glanced down the drive, but my front fence was out of sight. That's the thing about living in a suburb like Serendipity Bend. The properties were huge and the fences a long way from the houses themselves. There could have been a herd of elephants walking down our street and I wouldn't know it.
"All the fences along Willow Crescent were tagged overnight," Becky said.
"Tagged with graffiti? All of them?"
"Except yours."
I frowned. "Why not mine?"
"That's what Ellen Kavanagh wanted to know."
Ellen Kavanagh was the matriarch of the family, and an indomitable woman. She managed her own business and it was doing extremely well, by all accounts. She'd been strict when we were kids and a ferocious advocate for women's rights and the preservation of Serendipity Bend. From her manicured fingernails to her Prada heels, she was sharp and fierce. She wasn't a woman I wanted to aggravate.
I headed down the drive, Becky beside me, and through the iron gate. Unlike my neighbors, I left my gate open, partly because I had nothing to steal so theft wasn't an issue, but mostly because the intercom didn't work. All along the street were signs of people cleaning graffiti off stone or brick fences. Not members of the families themselves, but garden staff or someone they'd hired in. Only my fence remained untouched, and one other where the fence was a hedge, not brick or wood.
"Whoa," I said on a breath. "I wonder why the street was targeted."
"I wonder why your place wasn't."
If I had to guess, it would be because someone out there had seen yesterday's mayhem on the news and had felt sorry for me. It was the classic David versus Goliath case, and nobody ever sympathized with Goliath. Maybe they thought the fight wasn't over and were expressing their anger at corporate America squeezing out the little guy. Or maybe it was just someone who saw all the big bare fences on TV and thought their artwork would look good on them.
"That one's pretty good." I nodded at the fence directly opposite. It sported a painting of a brightly colored clown face with tears dripping down his cheeks. The rest of the fences were merely tagged with the artist's signature, but that one must have taken some time to complete, and in the dark of night too. The proportions were all correct, and shadowing had been used to great effect to highlight the clown's sad eyes and the teary smudge through the white makeup. It was evocative, beautiful, and made me want to give the poor clown a hug. I certainly didn't want to scrub him off. Sadly, that's exactly what the man dressed in orange overalls was doing. 
"Have the police seen these?" I asked, hoping to delay the process just a little longer.
Becky nodded and laughed. "You live in a bubble, don't you?"
"I can't see the street from the house." I shrugged one shoulder. "It's isolated and peaceful."
"Or lonely."
I blinked at her, but she didn't notice. She was waving at her sister and Reece standing at the Kavanagh gate. They waved back. Becky took my hand and dragged me over.
I steeled myself for my first proper conversation with Reece since he'd called off the bulldozers. The few minutes he'd spent telling me he would leave my house untouched didn't count. I'd still been buzzing from the protest and my encounter with Blake, and he'd been on a high after kissing Cleo. Maybe he was going to tell me he'd changed his mind.
Cleo embraced me before I could even get "Hi" out of my mouth. I glanced past her to Reece and he gave me a sheepish smile.
"It's never quiet in Willow Crescent," he said.
"What a mess," Cleo said, pulling away from me. She nodded at the clown. "That one would look good on canvas, but it doesn't really suit the street." We all stood with our backs to the Kavanagh gate and looked at the sad clown.
"I don't know," Reece said. "There are a few clowns living along here."
"Mega rich ones," Cleo said, hooking her arm around his waist. "I bet they're not crying."
"Money can't buy happiness and all that." He kissed the top of her head. She glanced up at him with so much love in her eyes it hurt to be an outsider looking in. I felt like I was intruding. 
"Apparently your mother thinks I had something to do with this," I said, crossing my arms.
Reece frowned. "No, she doesn't."
"But she is wondering why my fence wasn't targeted."
"We all are," Cleo said. "But not because we think you had anything to do with it."
It was easy to fight with a Kavanagh, but not when a Denny joined forces with them. I liked Cleo and Becky. I didn't want to argue with them. I let the matter drop.
"The police are inspecting the CCTV footage," Reece said, pointing out the security cameras attached to the nearby gates. "They'll probably catch their suspect soon enough, especially with that tag. It's pretty distinctive."
"I just hope the poor kid gets let off with a warning," I said. "Graffiti is hardly a hard core crime."
"In that case, you'd better hope he doesn't come back. There are some along here who want to see him given the maximum sentence."
Figured. The residents of Willow Crescent—of Serendipity Bend for that matter—prided themselves on their manicured lawns and perfect hedges. If the graffitist were a poor homeless kid like so many of them were, they wouldn't care what happened to him as long as he stopped. They had never had to worry about where the next meal was coming from or how to keep themselves warm in winter. I included myself in that. I may not be as wealthy as everyone else in the Bend, but I'd always had a roof over my head. I did hope that I was more sympathetic than most, particularly to a talented artist which our graffitist clearly was.
"I was on my way to come and see you," Reece said to me. "I've got a proposal for you."
"Kicking me out already?"
"I won't be going back on my word, Cassie."
I swallowed and didn't say anything. 
"I want to renovate," he said.
"So you said yesterday. You haven't changed your mind?"
He smiled. "No. It needs work and I'm worried—we're worried—it might fall down around you."
I was under no illusion that I had Cleo to thank for this change in his attitude. "You don't have to," I told him.
"I do. It's a landlord's responsibility. Besides, I want to. If I let the property go now, it'll cost more to fix it later. It's more economical to attend to problems before they become major."
That attitude I understood. It sounded more like the way Reece would think. He was all about the money and protecting his investment, rather than ensuring I remained dry in a downpour.
"Okay," I said. "Just let me know when the builders will show up."
"That's the thing." He cleared his throat. "I want to hire Blake."
"No!"
"Come on, Cass, please. He knows what he's doing."
"I'm sure he does, but I don't care. I don't want him around."
Cleo and Becky exchanged speaking glances. "He needs something to do," Reece went on. "He's at a loose end, and he's someone who needs work or he'll go mad. I'm worried—"
"I said no. Find him something else to do if he's bored."
"Cassie," he said quietly, ominously. "It's my property. If I want to employ my brother, I can."
"It's my home, not a property. And as the tenant, I'm within my rights to refuse to have a particular tradesman there." I didn't know if that were true or not and I didn't care. The thought of having Blake within the same walls as me was making me feel light-headed. It had been bad enough seeing him yesterday, but to see him all day, every day, would turn me into a pathetic mess. I couldn't let my students see me like that. I couldn't let Blake see me like that. "I don't want him near my house or me. Is that clear?"
"Abundantly," came a voice behind me as sharp and cold as a steel blade. A voice that made me hot and cold all over. Blake. 

THE BILLIONAIRE BOYFRIEND PROPOSAL is already available. Download it now.

