



The Devil in the Details
The Phoenix Academy Series
Book 2

























Copyright © 2009-2018 Lillyann Maguire
All rights reserved.
BISAC: Fiction / Romance / Suspense





Chapter One
 
 
 
9:00AM May 11th. 
 
 
The sky outside the Houston Airport was a gloomy gray as rain blew against the windows. Alex stared outside on the verge of insanity. Ever since he left the loft, he had been on a wild goose chase.  
First, he thought he would meet Jett and the others in Oklahoma at Cowboy’s place. But that plan fell through after someone had traced a call and they then had to find a new destination.  
  
He waited around at the airport in Oklahoma. Waiting for a call on what had to be the last surviving payphone on Earth. They told him to take the next flight to Houston, TX, and wait for a ride. Alex arrived in Texas at five in the morning. He was still waiting four hours later.  
  
He walked away from the window, back to his chair, the horribly uncomfortable thing. Letting out a frustrated sigh as he sat back down. Alex stared straight across the room at the line of pay phones on the wall.  
 
He had walked over to them a million times since he had been there. But Jett’s warning always stopped him. They were everywhere and were able to trace practically any call. Probably not a pay phone, but Maddie’s phone was bugged. As well as Darryl’s, maybe even Abby’s. Plus, the payphones probably weren’t working anymore.  
  
Alex buried his face in his hands. He was tired, in pain, starving, confused…. He desperately needed a five-minute break from his life at the moment.  
  
“Well Shit, it’s not that bad is it?”  
  
Tiredly, Alex slowly raised his head up to see a bright smile as cheerful as California sunshine.  “Christ.” He muttered under his breath and got up to gather his bags.  
  
“Sorry, no. But thanks for the compliment.” Shawn Hill picked up a bag and threw it over his shoulder. “You look like hell, bro.”  
  
Alex just gave him a smart-ass grin as he walked along beside him. “Are we taking another flight?”  
  
“No, you’re riding with Graham and me to Lincoln’s place in Vegas.”  
  
Alex stopped in his tracks while Shawn continued to walk on. “Graham?” 
  
“Al…”  
  
“We’re driving to Las fucking Vegas…. with…” 
  
Shawn stared back at him strangely. “You’re awfully whiny, Princess!”  
  
“You know we don’t get along very well these days.” Alex muttered.  
  
“He had the car!”  
  
“All of you have cars!”  
  
“Alex.” Shawn stopped and turned around to face him. “Obviously you’ve had a rough couple of days. But believe it or not, it hasn’t been that pleasant for the rest of us either. So just appreciate that we’re even considering saving your ass…” he paused rethinking his words. “I didn’t mean it like that man.” He said seeing the anger on Alex’s face. “I know. We all owe you.”  
  
Alex shook his head, rubbing his eyes tiredly. “No, it’s fine. I’ll stop complaining. I’ve just got so much on my mind right now. I can’t even call Maddie; she doesn’t have a clue what’s going on. She’ll be worried sick.” 
  
“She’s better off not knowing.”  
  
“Yeah, that’s not very convincing anymore.” Alex said as they reached the exit.  
“She almost lost her best friend, a guy that’s practically her brother. He was in a coma, had heart surgery and had just woken up the day before I left her.” 
  
Shawn leaned around him to see if Graham was headed their way. “I understand that, it sucks man, really… I get it. It’s different now, for all of us. Most of us have more to sacrifice than we once did. Ah, there he is.”  
  
Alex hesitantly walked up to the oversized dark gray H2 Hummer; he headed for the back right before Shawn pulled him aside.  
 
“You’re riding shotgun. Mate.” He grinned as Alex rolled his eyes. “Hey, I drove almost the entire way…” Shawn replied. “I’m stretching out back here and going to sleep!”  
  
“Fine.” Alex muttered, handing off his bags to him and opening the passenger side door to get in. He glanced over at Graham Walker in the driver’s seat, who simply nodded back. Barely giving him a smile. He was quite emotionless as they pulled out onto the road. Alex buckled up and leaned against the window as their long road trip began.  
  
The storm clouds faded once they moved farther west. That was at least one good thing. It was bad enough to be on the run. They really didn’t need a flood to slow them down.  
 
For the first hour, the car was silent. Aside from the air conditioner running and Shawn’s loud snoring in the back seat. Graham was busy concentrating on the road while Alex was deep in thought, wondering if he was really doing the right thing.  
  
No matter how many times he kept reminding himself that Maddie was safer without him. He couldn’t shake the feeling that, perhaps she wasn’t.  
 
What if they still tried to find her? What if they were just doing this to separate them? He wouldn’t be there to protect her. He wondered if he should have told Darryl more about the situation. Or perhaps he should have insisted that someone watched over her at all times.  Nervously he dug into his pocket for his phone.  
  
“Whoa, you don’t still have that on do ya?” Graham spoke up for the first time since they’d been driving.  
  
“I have the GPS disabled.” Alex snapped back at him.  
  
“They don’t need GPS anymore, they can track us with just the cell signal.” without another word, Graham grabbed the phone out of Alex’s hands and smashed it against the dash.  
  
Alex stared at the shards of plastic that were once his phone. “I could have just removed the chip!” he snapped back. Graham glared back at him before focusing on the road in silence.  
  
“Is there no safe way to contact anyone?” Alex asked him.  
  
“Tinky’s working on it. Should have something once we get there.”  
  
“What about a pay phone?”  
  
“Alex!” Graham sighed in annoyance. “Have you gone daft? I mean seriously, has it been that long? What are you going to do? Use a payphone and call her cell? Which has had a trace on it ever since she’s had it?” He shook his head.  
  
“I was going to call the Chief of Police.”  
  
Graham laughed. “Oh yeah, that would be the line that definitely wouldn’t be monitored.”  
  
“I understand, trust me I haven’t forgotten how powerful they are. It’s just, what if this is a trap to get me away from her?”  
  
“Because it’s you they want. You know that! You think they’re causing such a fuss over half a billion dollars? Think about it Alex. Why would those two need money? You’re worth far more to them than that.” 
  
“Then I guess that would be my only option. To join back with them so that Maddie would be safe.”  
  
“We wouldn’t all be meeting up if that was truly your only option. None of us will join back with them if I can help it.” He smiled a little.  “The Brotherhood will never be broken, and all that.” Graham’s voice trailed off before Shawn’s snoring and murmuring interrupted him.  
  
“You want me to drive for a while?” Alex asked.  
  
“I’ll drive till we need to fill up again, then you can.”  
  
“Okay.” Alex rested his head against the leather seat. “Look… about everything I said before.”  
  
“Don’t worry about it, mate.” Graham interrupted. “Obviously what goes around comes around right?” he laughed a little.  
  
“I suppose.” Alex sighed. “How is Marissa?”  
  
“She’s good. She’s safe.” He added, looking over at him. “I’m glad for once I didn’t take your advice.”  
  
“Yeah me too.” Alex smiled. “I don’t know what was wrong with me. I was so bent on keeping everyone safe. I didn’t realize until just now how hard I was on you all.”  
  
“Well, it’s a good thing none of us listened to you.” Graham said sarcastically.  
  
“I just thought it would be best for everyone if we didn’t get involved in a relationship. And now, ironically my girlfriend is the only one that’s ever been in danger.”  
  
“We’re looking out for her too, she’s one of us now. Just like all the other guy’s wives and girlfriends.”  
  
Alex shook his head. “It’s so surreal to think some of us are actually married.”  
  
“And have kids! Have you seen Julian’s little one?”  
  
“Stayed with them on holiday for a bit right after she was born.” Alex said smiling. “She’s gorgeous.”  
  
“Yeah, good thing she looks like her mum. Crazy to imagine the little bugger having a rug rat of his own.” he chuckled.  “Ah… Try not to worry too much, we need your head clear to help us get out of this mess. You’re the leader after all.”  
  
Alex winced at the sound of it. He had been their leader from the beginning but was feeling unworthy of the title.  
 
“Some leader.” He muttered. “Have they assigned a new one yet or have you heard?”  
  
“Oh yeah, we’ve heard.” Graham grinned evilly. “They’ve elected our good pal Angus to serve as the leader of the Phoenix Soldiers.”  
  
“I figured as much.” Alex replied angrily. “Once a traitor…”  
  
“Always a traitor.” Graham nodded.  
  
Alex stared out the window while Graham flipped through the radio. His mind wandered back to when they had escaped. They all looked to him for guidance and he became the leader of their little group, whether he wanted to be or not.  
  
All the boys at the school were close. In the early days, the academy really was considered a school. It gave all the students the best private school education possible, better than anything they would have gotten otherwise since most of them were orphans or runaways.  
 
Even when they learned about weaponry, nothing seemed out of the ordinary. It was a military school after all. Learning how to shoot and fight defensively seemed normal.  
  
However, once the boys were around age fifteen, some of them got suspicious. They were being taught that killing was a way of life and it was perfectly fine to kill someone in cold blood. Some were even pulled aside to go on missions that no one would dare speak of afterwards. 
 
It wasn’t long before Alex and his friends realized they were being trained to be Vance and Renir’s own personal hit men.  
  
Alex was the first of the boys who wanted to leave the school. Most of the others were all too scared to leave behind everything they had ever known. They were also afraid of what their so-called leaders would do if someone caught them.  
 
There were some who agreed that they needed to leave, but others still refused. The boys were already too far-gone, too brainwashed to believe anything different.  
  
Out of the thirty young men who attended the school at the time, only thirteen were willing to take a stand against the malicious evil that was taking place. It took months for them to devise a plan. They would hold secret meetings in their dorm rooms, speak in code when others were around since they knew no one outside their group could be trusted.  
  
All thirteen made their escape one early morning while it was still dark out. They left the school armed with weapons taken from the artillery room; surprisingly enough… they never had to fire a shot. Their plan had gone by so well, unfortunately it was all a little too well.  
  
The boys boarded a ship on the way to the US. They had already been taught how to fake their identities, make phony passports and papers of Identification, one perk of being trained to be a criminal. It helped them get off the boat and onto American soil safely.  
 
What they didn’t see coming was that Vance and Renir were waiting for them once they arrived.  
  
They had known everything, right down to what time the ship would make port. They couldn’t have without someone telling them. Alex thought back to the anguish he felt when he saw his closest friend walk over and join his enemies.  
 
He and the eleven other boys who stood behind him couldn’t believe what they were seeing. One of their very own betraying them after they’d gone through so much together.
  
Before making a run for it, the only chance any of them had at escaping, Alex turned quickly and stared angrily at Angus. “I hope it was worth it!”  
  
“Aye Mate, I get to sleep next!” Graham patted his shoulder as Alex turned to face him.  
  
“I wasn’t asleep, just thinking.”  
  
“You think she’s okay?” he asked sincerely. Alex was glad they had gotten over their bickering. Graham might even relate to what he was going through.  
  
“I don’t know. I know Darryl will look after her, I told him a little about all this. As much as I felt I should anyhow. I just wish I had a way to stay in contact.” He sighed.  
  
“Tinky will figure something out. But you probably shouldn’t call her even if he does…” he shook his head. “Bastards are getting smarter at this stuff every day. If you could contact someone outside of the circle y’know?”  
  
“Yeah.” He nodded, trying to think.  
  
“Look, Evan’s coming out in a couple days, he can swing by there, check up on her. Secretly of course, wouldn’t wanna freak her out or anything.”  
  
“I think she’s beyond freaking out at this point. She’s been through so much.”  
  
“You really love her, don’t you?” Graham asked, a little shocked. He’d never seen that look on Alex’s face before. Full of so much concern for another person. He’d shown concern for the other guys before, but this was something entirely different.  
  
Alex only nodded in response. “And she will hate me before it’s over.”  
  
“Nah, with that face?” Graham joked, causing Alex to snap out of his solemn mood and smack him as they pulled into a gas station.  
  
Alex paid inside and grabbed some snacks for the road; they hadn’t even made it out of San Antonio yet, so they still had a lot more driving ahead of them, there were over a thousand miles between Houston and Vegas.  

He stared over at the pay phone in front of the convenience store on his way out. Graham honked the horn, giving him a reminder warning.  
  
“Just be patient.” He told Alex, who climbed into the driver’s seat. “She’s not their primary target, keep telling yourself that.” He said, leaning his seat back to get some rest.  “They know you’re coming out to meet them, they won’t do anything harmful to Maddie until after you piss them off.”  
  
Alex gave a sarcastic laugh. “Always the optimist, eh?”  
  
  
  

 May 12th 5:30 A.M. 
  
Alex had drove for the rest of the evening on into the night while his friends slept. Shawn woke up and offered to drive for a while, but Alex told him he was fine and to go back to sleep, he looked as if he needed it. Besides, Alex couldn’t sleep if he had to; he was too stressed and enraged to sleep.  
  
The sun was rising as they passed a road sign, welcoming them to Tucson, Arizona. Alex yawned loudly, waking Graham up beside him. He wished he had let Shawn drive after spending hours and hours on the never-ending stretch of I-10 West.  
  
“Guess that’s my cue to take over.” Graham said. “How long did he drive?” he asked, motioning back to Shawn.  
  
“Oh, he didn’t, he woke up and still looked half dead, so I told him to go back to sleep.”  
  
“He hasn’t driven at all?” Graham exclaimed. “Wake up, ya bastard!” he yelled, grabbing his baseball cap from the floorboard and smacking Shawn in the backseat with it. Alex laughed at all the outbursts.  
  
“He told me to go back to sleep! I was just listening to command!” Shawn yelled out, blocking another punch from Graham.  
  
“Well, I’m not driving again just yet.” Graham muttered.  
  
“Ok! I’ll drive! Alex, pull over.” Shawn yawned.  
  
“I think we’ll be safer if I keep going.” Alex laughed. “How the bloody hell can you sleep so long?”  
  
“He hibernates like a damned bear.” Graham answered.  
  
Shawn smiled. “Well, I am a big teddy bear according to the ladies…” both Alex and Graham rolled their eyes and groaned.  
  
Alex turned the radio up to drown out the sound of his friends bickering back and forth. He glanced up in the mirror; there wasn’t much traffic on the road at that hour, just the same SUV that had been following them for a while. He slowed to make a turn and noticed that they followed.  
  
“Hey guys,” he said interrupting their inane conversation. “Hey!” Alex yelled out louder to get their attention, they saw him nervously glance at the rearview mirror once more and both turned to look for themselves.  
  
“How long have they been back there?” Shawn asked.  
  
“About an hour.” Alex eyed the mirror again.  
  
“Black tinted windows, black SUV…. how much you want to bet that baby is bulletproof?” Graham asked.  
  
“Find me another route.” Alex said to him. Graham searched for detours on the GPS.  
  
“Take a left right up here, it will add another thirty minutes to our schedule…” 
  
Alex turned on the road up ahead, slamming his hand against the steering wheel when the vehicle behind them did the same. “Damn it!” The three of them glanced at each other anxiously.  
  
“Speed up and try to lose them?” Graham suggested, hoping Alex would listen.  
  
Alex only laughed. “Shawn?”  
  
“I’m getting the AK!” Shawn replied happily.  
  
Graham shook his head in annoyance. “Bullet-proof car Alex!”  
  
“Well shoot the tires! Hand me one…” he said as Shawn handed him a handgun.  
  
“You just need to drive mate!” Graham demanded.  
  
“He can shoot and drive, remember?” Shawn said excitedly, practically jumping up and down in his seat.  
  
Graham shot his eager buddy an angry look before turning back to his other insane friend who was driving “You’re not….” 
  
Alex adjusted the mirrors to give him a perfect view of the car’s tires.  

“He is!” Shawn answered for him.  
  
“Your eyesight can’t be as good as it once was!”  
  
“Just try to make a good shot and help me out okay Sunshine?” Alex grinned as he pointed the gun out the window, his eyes glancing from the road to the mirrors. As soon as their followers saw the weapon, shots fired from the black SUV.  
  
“Well, it’s definitely them!” Graham yelled, aiming for the right front tire and missing the shot. Alex laughed at his grumbling before he fired a perfect shot directly into the left tire, all while staying on the road and looking straight ahead.  
  
“Man, I’ve missed hanging out with you!” Shawn yelled out as the car behind them stalled and skidded to its side, Alex just laughed at him while Graham took a shot at the other tire, stopping the car completely.  
  
“I do believe they’re pursuing on foot sir…” Shawn practically giggled as he dug around in the floorboard until he found what he was looking for, a box of grenades. “Shall I exterminate?”  
  
“You have too much fun with this, you worry me.” Alex replied before nodding. Shawn leaned out the side window and threw the explosive directly into the enemy’s path.  
  
Graham tried to remain calm as he sank back into his seat after the jarring blast from the grenade. “You know if someone heard that, the Feds will be on our ass.”  
  
Alex laughed while their car speeded up. “When have they not been?”  
  
  
  

 May 14th 6:00 P.M. Back in Nashville, TN. 
  
  
“Open the tunnel, here comes the train!”  
  
Jay gave Maddie a strange look before she shoved a spoonful of Potato soup in his mouth.  

“You’re enjoying this too much.” He told her after forcing down the bland watered-down soup.  
  
“I’m staying positive to get you to eat.” Maddie smiled back happily.  
  
“This ain’t food!” Jay said angrily. “Give me a steak or loaded down bacon cheeseburger and I’ll gladly eat. You won’t have to force me I promise!”  
  
“Your stomach isn’t strong enough to handle something like that…”  
  
“I know damn well what my stomach can “he tried to continue speaking with the spoon in his mouth.  
  
“Don’t be so difficult.” Maddie laughed. “You’re lucky to be alive to eat this junk you know.”  
  
Jay sighed to himself, staring at the tray of liquid food in front of him. “I want to go home.”  
  
“You will soon enough, you’ve already surprised everyone by how fast you’re improving. Everything will be back to normal before you know it.” She stood up to move the tray table away.  
“You want any more?” she asked and laughed when Jay just glared at her.  
  
“You’re awfully chipper.” He said to her, a little puzzled. “What’s got you in such a good mood, anyway?”  
  
“My best friend feeling better?” She smiled back, but he wasn’t buying it.  
  
“Have you talked to him?”  Maddie only rolled her eyes at his question before taking a seat next to Jay on the bed.  
  
“No… I haven’t. He hasn’t called, I can’t get a hold of him, it’s as if he’s fallen off the face of the earth and you know what? Maybe he has.” she shrugged. “If he wants me to know where he is or what he’s doing, he’ll call.”  
  
“And until then you’re going to put on this crazy ass front like you don’t give a damn?” Jay asked.  
  
“Jay…” Maddie sighed. “I’m just trying to not focus on it right now. I’m going back to work; things will be back to normal.”  
  
“Oh, no no no!” he interrupted. “Back to normal? Like back before you met him normal. You were fucking miserable Maddie! You were like a zombie walking around, you didn’t care about anything aside from work…”  
  
“And I didn’t hurt either…”  
  
“You can’t make me believe that.”  
  
“Fine. I didn’t hurt like this!” she said back angrily.  
  
“Do you want me to try to call him?”  
  
“Jay…”  
  
“Or I’m sure Darryl could get a hold of him.”  
  
“Jason!” Maddie grumbled in annoyance. “I gonna go and let you rest.”  
  
“Maddie---"
  
“I’m fine. Okay? Don’t worry about me.” She ordered though it wouldn’t do any good. “I think I’ll go do a little research. Try to put together all the missing links…”  
  
“Can’t someone else handle that?”  
  
“Yes.” She walked back over to stand beside his bed. “But no one else cares as much about it as I do.” Maddie kissed his forehead and gave him a smile, leaving the room before he could talk her out of her plans.  
  
  
The red Honda street bike spun out of the hospital’s parking garage. Maddie had been riding it a lot the past few days, not wanting to drive the Firebird too much since it belonged to Jay and it made her sad that he wasn’t well enough to be home and driving it himself.  
 
And she definitely was not riding her ‘other’ bike. She grabbed an old black tarp from the garage and threw it over the bike Alex had given her the night he left, wishing it would magically disappear altogether so she wouldn’t have to look at it.  
  
Monday night, the night that Alex had left wasn’t too hard on her. He was leaving for a good enough reason and Maddie was a cop herself, so she could completely understand his reasoning.  
That didn’t mean she wanted him to leave. She wanted him to call the police chief in New York back at the last minute, tell him he wasn’t coming back…. ever, or better yet she wanted to go along with him like he had said so she could see his extravagant home he kept secret.  
 
Of course, neither of those scenarios happened. He was gone, and she had to accept it. But it was only temporary, right?  
  
Tuesday morning, she called to see if his flight had landed, not because she didn’t believe him, but because she was worried about him, surely, he would have called as soon as he had landed. All flights leaving Nashville to New York had landed safely so that settled her nerves a little, unbeknownst to Maddie, Alex hadn’t been on any of them.  
  
She gave him a few hours, left to visit Jay at the hospital, ran a few errands that had been overlooked for a while, did a little grocery shopping, by that evening she was getting concerned about her phone not ringing. She checked it constantly, making sure the battery was charged, and the volume was up.  
Finally, she gave in and called his number, regretting it before the phone even rang. To her surprise, her call went straight to voicemail, meaning that his phone was turned off. She left a quick message and hung the phone up.  
  
Wednesday morning, still no calls. No emails, no texts. Maddie stopped by to see Darryl and asked if he had heard anything as she was grasping at straws at this point. Darryl didn’t have any news for her, he just assured her as everyone else did. Reminding her of when her Dad would go away for weeks at a time with little or no contact with anyone, it didn’t always mean that something was wrong. Sometimes no news was good news.  
  
It didn’t matter how optimistic everyone else seemed to be. Regardless of why he left and what his job was… the simple fact was that Alex left Monday night and she had heard nothing from him since. 
Plus, her lack of confidence was getting the best of her; she couldn’t help but think maybe he had just taken an easy out. Telling her he had to leave just to dump her without actually having to do it.
  
The loud engine of the bike huffed, almost mocking Maddie’s emotions at the moment as she parked outside of the police station. She walked upstairs to the records room, passing by two her fellow officers on her way.  
  
“Hey, you’re not supposed to be here.” One officer, Ricky, joked when he saw her. “Aren’t you on extended leave?” 
  
“I’m not working…. Well, not really.” She said as he smiled at her.  
  
“The Chief won’t like this…”  
  
“The Chief doesn’t have to know.” She winked back at him as she headed over to her desk.  
  
“What happened to your fella?” he asked taking a seat on the corner of the desk. Maddie rolled her eyes before glaring at him. “Ah, that’s what happened.” Ricky laughed.  
  
“No.” she cleared her throat. “He had to go back home because of a case he’d been working on.” The more she said it, the more fake it sounded to her.  
  
“Oh.” He replied. “Hey, found out any more about the Lewis case?”  
  
Maddie typed in the access code for the computer’s software. “That’s why I’m here, Darryl won’t tell me anything.”  
  
“I bet I could get you some juicy info.” Ricky whispered, looking around as if he were about to slip her some drugs. Maddie eyed him as a smile crept up on her face.  
  
“Oh, do you now? How’s that?” 
  
“As you know, the FBI is taking over the case. They will be at Lewis’ place tomorrow morning confiscating stuff. Chief asked me and Mendez to get everything off the computer while we still had a chance.”  
  
“Really?” Maddie said, a little surprised that Darryl was making such a brash move against the Feds.  
  
“Yeah, you want to come along and help out?” he smiled.  
  
“Sounds interesting.” she thought for a moment. “Darryl will absolutely murder me. If he knew I was here right now he’d give me down the road.”  
  
“Your secrets safe with me compadre.” He said as she smiled. “And… I’ve not gotten to the good part yet.” Ricky stopped when his partner Carlos Mendez walked over to them, shaking his head.  
  
“You’re going to get her in even more trouble.”  
  
“Carlos you’re so sweet to me really…” she smiled at him and turned back to Ricky, ignoring his concern. “Go on.”  
  
“We heard Lewis’ next of kin would be there too. I’m sure if you wanted to find out anything, that’d be the person you’d need to talk to.”  
  
“Or the person who kills her.” Carlos added his two cents before walking away.  
  
“Ignore him.” Ricky continued. “We’ll both be there along with over a dozen Federal agents, I think you’ll be safe!” he yelled out over his shoulder in Carlos’ direction. “So, you’re more than welcome to stop by and help us out.”  
  
Maddie thought for a few moments, she really didn’t much persuasion. “I’ll be there.” She smiled. “Thanks for letting me know.”  
  
Ricky smiled back as he got up to leave. “No problem.”  
  
Maddie sighed to herself, staring back at the computer screen. She didn’t want to do it, but he wasn’t leaving her with much of a choice. Clicking in the blank space, she typed in Alex’s name.  
  
His photo came up first, the one on his ID so he was dressed in his uniform. She stared at it for a moment and smiled, then quickly forced herself to move along before she had second thoughts.  
 
She searched for violations and came up empty-handed aside from a speeding ticket from last summer. That was paid in full. She glared at the make and model of the car, a 2017 Jaguar XF. 
  
“I guess I’d be speeding too...” She shook her head. She had already acknowledged that he had plenty of money, but it never really sank in that much. The address was correct, in Brooklyn, so at least he wasn’t lying about that.  
  
Maddie sank back in her chair when she realized that she wasn’t going to find anything she didn’t already know. Obviously, Alex was smart enough to keep his secret past covered up. She then started a background check on Daniel, trying to find a link between the two. But nothing aside from Daniel’s recent criminal activity came up.  
  
After logging off the computer, Maddie was about to leave when she stopped, there was another reason she stopped by there, and this would probably be her only chance since no one else was around.  
She turned away from the door and headed toward the small room where old files and newspaper articles were kept. Turning on the light, Maddie felt guilty as soon as she walked through the door. But she had to think like a cop instead of thinking about things so personally if she would ever get any answers. 
  
Flipping through the alphabetical list of files, it didn’t take long before she found the one that belonged to her Dad. The folder was overflowing with papers documenting every case he’d been involved with.  
She laid everything out on the table and glanced over names and images. Maddie knew exactly what she was looking for, anything that had to do with the word ‘Phoenix’. She prayed she was wrong and only jumping to conclusions, it all had to be a huge misunderstanding. Her Dad couldn’t have been involved in something as messed up and evil as Daniel had claimed. 
  
She stopped flipping through papers and stared at an old newspaper article, lying in the middle of the table. The photograph had almost faded, but Maddie could make out the faces, though she didn’t recognize them. The article wasn’t about a crime that her Dad had solved, but about a new school opening overseas, a military school. She sat down to read.
 
The ceremony for the opening of this prestigious military academy was held on August 5th, 1987 in London. The school, named The Phoenix Academy, will open its doors to under-privileged boys and offer students the highest quality education along with extensive military training.  
  
The idea for the school came from UK business partners Joss Vance and Edgar Renir, along with their investor from the U.S. Michael Conley.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Two

 
It was raining as Maddie pulled onto the old dirt road. Although it was getting late, she could see that the front room lights were still on as she skidded the bike onto the paved driveway, making her way up to the old familiar house. Parking under the carport, she ran toward the front porch and knocked on the screen door. 
“Maddie? Goodness get in here child before those storm clouds move in.” Clara said as she answered the door. 
“I’m sorry it’s so late…” 
“Is something wrong?” Clara stopped her suddenly with a worried look on her face. 
“Oh, no Jay’s fine, it’s nothing like that.” Maddie reassured her as they walked toward the kitchen where Darryl was sitting at the table. 
 “I just wanted to talk. I know I should have called first.” 
“Now just hush that up, you never need to call to come home.” Clara scolded while digging out some leftovers from the fridge. 
Maddie reluctantly sat down and began to say she wasn’t hungry, but she saw all the meatloaf and mashed potatoes Clara was already piling onto her plate and could no longer refuse. She needed comfort food. 
“What’s going on?” Darryl asked after getting a drink. 
Maddie hesitated; she wasn’t even sure where to begin. “Have you gotten in touch with Alex?” 
“You know I would tell you if I had. I’m sure you’re worrying over nothing. He doesn’t want to put you in any unnecessary danger. You know how all this works.” 
“Right.” Maddie sighed, not believing him at all as Clara sat the overflowing plate down in front of her. 
 “Guess I’m just being paranoid. Just wish he could at least get in touch with me somehow.” 
“I’m sure he will.” Darryl said. He and Clara went back to eating while Maddie stared at her food nervously. 
“That’s not the only reason I came by.” She said after taking a few bites. “I went down to the station earlier, to do some research.” Her eyes lowered when Darryl stared over at her in disapproval. 
“Research on what?” 
“I kinda did a background check on Alex.” Darryl chuckled to himself while shaking his head. 
 “And I didn’t find anything.” she said, smiling a little. “But I went into the records room while I was there.” 
“What for?” 
Maddie stalled for a moment as she ate more meatloaf, this would not go over well. “I looked over Dad’s file.” To her surprise, Darryl only nodded while he continued to eat. “I wanted to see if I could find anything that would link to Daniel’s story.” 
“And did you find anything?” 
“Unfortunately, I think I did.” She said, pulling out the copy she had made of the newspaper article. “Did you know anything about this?” she asked, as Darryl looked it over. 
“Baby, a journalist from another town wrote this, this guy always had it in for your Dad, don’t ask me why, but he did. He was always writing up crazy articles on him… almost like a tabloid. Trying to catch him in a lie or run him down all the time.” 
“But… the article says he helped fund a school for underprivileged kids. That’s a good thing. If the guy was trying to run him down why would he write that?” 
“I don’t know, but I wouldn’t put much thought into it.” He said trying to shrug it off as nothing. 
“Darryl.” Maddie shook her head, not ready to back down just yet. “The school, it was a military school. They named it the Phoenix Academy. Phoenix!” she said pulling at her charm. 
“I don’t think that’s enough--- “
“It was in London; Alex went to military school in London. And Daniel had all types of weapons with Phoenix designs on them.” 
“So, what are you trying to say, that Alex knew Daniel? That they went to this school together?” he went along with her. 
“Right, a school that my Dad founded, along with these other two men, Vance and Renir or whoever. Anyway, can’t you see? Everything is connected.” 
“Or you could just be finding false connections. Now, I’m not trying to disappoint you…” he said as Maddie slumped back in her chair. “You just need to be sure that everything works out and makes sense before you make accusations.” 
“So, what do I need to do?” 
“The FBI is taking over Daniel’s case. I think we need to let them handle it.” He said, making her feel even more defeated. “If there’s any truth to Lewis’ story about the money and all… they’ll find it and get back to us.” 
“So, you’re telling me to back off?” 
“I think it would be the smart thing to do, yes.” He hoped that she would, especially with everything Elliot and Alex had told him. The last thing she needed was to get even more involved in that mess. But he knew telling her to back down was like telling the sun to stop shining. 
Maddie folded the paper back up in annoyance as she stood up from the table. “Thanks for the food Clara.” Darryl quickly got up to follow her. 
“What are you going to do?” 
“I’m going to see what I can find out on the other two guys in the article first of all.” 
“Maddie don’t.” Darryl grabbed her arm as she was at the door and pulled her around to face him. “You don’t want to mess with those two.” 
“What are you not telling me?” she asked quietly. “Will you please just tell me what you know? I think I’m old enough to handle it now!” 
“But that’s just it, I don’t know everything.” Darryl said in annoyance. “Your Dad wouldn’t tell me about everything he was involved with. He just made me promise to keep you away from those two.” 
“Why? Why are they such a threat?” 
“That’s what I don’t know. But obviously he was involved with them somehow. And apparently things didn’t end well between them when they parted ways.” 
“Do you think they killed him?” 
“I’ve never been able to find any evidence but…” Darryl nodded. “I have a strong feeling they were involved somehow. Look, I don’t know what happened between these two men and your Dad, but he made it very clear he never wanted you to get involved in all this.” 
“Well, if I’m right about Alex or Daniel it could be too late for that.” 
Darryl sighed, knowing she was right and that she also would not stop investigating until she got answers. “Just promise me you’ll be careful.” 
“I will.” She smiled, a little relieved that he was no longer trying to stop her. 
“Better go load up your bike in the truck.” Darryl said as it started to rain harder. “I’ll take you on home. 
  
  
That same night in Las Vegas… 
Alex sat off to the side while he watched his friends gamble all their money away at the downstairs casino of their hotel. They had finally arrived sometime early Thursday morning. He had hoped by now things would be settled, but that wasn’t how Vance and Renir worked, they liked to make you wait for them as long as possible, Just because they could. They had all the power and knew Alex would not move until they spoke to him; he was exactly where they wanted him. 
“Here!” A drunken Shawn stumbled over and handed Alex a paper cup used to hold tokens. “I hate to see you sitting here with nothing to do, take them!” 
Alex shook the cup around and looked back at his friend strangely. “Shawn. There’s just one token in here… and a fortune cookie. That’s half-eaten.” 
“Well… I kinda had some bad luck but---- hey there’s my cookie!” 
“Thanks anyway buddy.” Alex patted him on the shoulder and handed the cup back as he saw Tinky heading their direction. 
“New phone, try not to break this one.” He smirked. 
“Yeah tell Graham that you mean. Thank you.” Alex replied. 
“It should be safe to use. Oh, I was able to transfer all your photos from the remains of the chip you gave me.” 
Alex’s face lit up as he saw a photo of Maddie during their fishing trip already set as his lock screen. “Thanks mate.” 
“Yeah, I saved all the pictures.” He said with a wink. 
Shawn leaned over Alex’s shoulder. “What’s that? Got some interesting pics on there?” 
Alex grinned pushing Shawn’s face away while shutting off the screen. “Not for you.” He laughed. 
“You weren’t raised to be a greedy son of a bitch Al” Shawn yelled out as Alex laughed and walked over to the bar. 
“You know how they are.” Jett said to him before Alex even said a word. “They expect us to be here at the very moment they ask but they can take their sweet time.” 
“I just keep wondering if I did the right thing by coming here.” 
“They’re not going to hurt her Alex. They’ve got you where they want you so they will do what it takes to keep you here. If they put Maddie in danger right now, it’d screw up everything for them.” He stopped and ordered them both a drink. “I just wonder what they’re planning on negotiating this time.” 
“Same as always.” Alex stared ahead at the half empty bottle in front of him. “No one will be harmed as long as I rejoin.” 
“Well, they’ve got another thing comin’.” 
“Yeah Jett, what are we going to do? Kill off the leaders just to have all their new little soldiers come after us? It’s a never-ending cycle… Maybe I should just go on.” 
“You’re not going back with them.” Jett replied. “We didn’t all meet up here for that to happen.” 
Lincoln Demaro came over at took the stool on the other side of Alex. “I don’t see why you haven’t just knocked those two off from a distance already. It’s not like you couldn’t do it with your eyes closed.” he asked. Lincoln, or Link was the owner of the hotel they were staying at, along with being another member of the Brotherhood. He was tall and skinny with tattoos and piercings, and spiky black hair. 
“Because while it may seem like I have a death wish, I really don’t.” Alex said back in annoyance. “They’ve built up an army Link…” 
“You don’t think I know that?” 
“And I’d rather not have all those guys after me, have you seen the kids they have now? They’re monsters.” 
Lincoln smiled back in assurance. “They can’t beat the original collection.” 
Alex ignored his over-confident friend. “Not to mention all their new leaders they have running around.” He said sarcastically. 
“The old man’s little bastard Landon is getting involved last I heard.” 
“That’s all we need.” Alex sighed. Renir’s son was a constant annoyance to the guys during their time at the Phoenix Academy. Unlike his father who may have had a small shred of decency about him just because he’d practically raised the boys, Landon showed signs of being completely merciless. 
“Well, right now we need to focus on what’s important right now.” Jett added in, trying to change the subject. He watched as Alex toyed with the new cell phone. 
“You ain’t called her, have you?” 
“No.” Alex said back in annoyance. “But Tinky said it should be safe.” 
“Probably still isn’t a good idea.” 
“Damn it Jett…” 
“Don’t start with me! You get other people involved you’re putting them in danger, I don’t have to tell you that.” 
“She’s going to think I’ve left her.” 
“You’ll make it up to her.” He said taking a drink while Alex grew even angrier. 
“You don’t understand.” 
Jett smacked him on the shoulder. “Well then, talk to us playa! Tell us about her! I’ve met her, but I still don’t know much about her, why’s she so special?” 
Alex tried to hold back the smile as he talked. “She makes me happy---I feel like a different person when I’m around her. Like I’ve done nothing wrong. I’m not this monster---this criminal on the run when I’m with Maddie. I’m just a normal guy. Who I was meant to be, you know?” he shook his head picking up his glass. 
“Ah, I’ve probably lost all that now… they’ve caused me to lose everything else…” 
  
Saturday May 15th 9:30AM Daniel Lewis’ mansion 
Maddie walked in the front corridor of the mansion; things looked exceedingly different from when she was there a week ago. All the damage was repaired, and the rooms cleaned. The house looked livable once again. 
She felt a little uneasy at first, walking down the familiar hallway but there were so many people running around and so much to do that she didn’t really have time to dwell on the past. 
“Maddie! In here!” she heard Ricky call out. Hurrying inside Daniel’s office she rolled her eyes at the clacking sound of her heels. “Who died?” he asked when he saw what she was wearing. 
“No one.” She whispered. “I’m pretending to be an out-of-town agent… since they really don’t want us here. Me especially.” She paused as two FBI agents walked by. 
“I think you look nice.” Carlos spoke up before Ricky gave him a grin. 
“Thanks.” She felt like kicking Ricky for being mean, Carlos was always sweet to her. 
“And I’m going by my grandmother’s name, Caroline Abbott, just to be safe. So, remember that.” 
“Got it, Caroline.” 
“Have you all found out anything yet?” 
“We have.” Ricky said as Maddie walked around to look at the computer screen. 
“Like Mr. Larkin’s involvement. Apparently, he found out about the plot to steal money from the company. Then Lewis blackmailed him.” He said, clicking through some folders to find the photographic evidence. “It seems Mr. Larkin was having an affair.” 
Maddie’s eyes widened as she saw the pictures of a young blonde with her arms draped around the older man. “Uh---that’s his granddaughter, right?” 
“Nope.” 
“I hope not after seeing the other pictures.” Carlos added. 
“Ew.” Maddie quickly walked away before Ricky brought up any more evidence. “Okay, not going to speak ill of the dead. Have you found anything else?” 
“Carl found some old pictures in the cabinet.” 
“Yeah can you believe Lewis had friends at one point?” Carlos smiled as he handed off a stack of photos to Maddie. She took a seat to look them over. The first few were of a large courtyard, and others were the inside a massive old building. She froze when she got to the first picture that had people in it. 
It was of three little boys, probably around the age of ten or older, all smiling happily as if they were the best of friends. The boy farthest to the left was obviously Daniel, his hair was even a lighter shade of blonde back then. 
The boy in the middle had longer brown hair, all hanging in his eyes, but you could still see how bright blue they were, as blue as Daniel’s were. Then there was the boy on the right, with big brown eyes and dark curly hair, and that unmistakable smile. 
“You all right?” Ricky asked when both guys noticed that she hadn’t said anything in several minutes. She sat there, staring at that picture. 
“Yeah.” She finally spoke up and laid the photos on the desk. “Hold on to those for me, if you don’t mind.” 
 “Sure thing.” 
“I think I will go… have a look around.” She told them, still slightly in a daze. 
Exiting the office, Maddie took a quick look around and was glad to see that she was mostly, alone. She felt like she was losing her mind. So now, her crazy accusations were all true? She now knew Alex had gone to school with Daniel, but did that mean they were still friends? Or at least acquaintances. 
She stopped and balanced herself against the wall when a thought came to her mind. Daniel had done all of this just to get to her, was that Alex’s reason as well? Had he been deceiving her the entire time? 
Maddie walked outside around to the back of the mansion and took a seat next to the pool. Somehow finding peace in such an evil environment. 
She sat there for the longest time, staring out into the water. Trying to make sense of all the new theories swarming her mind. Alex had gone to school with Daniel, but how did that fit into the current situation? Was he working for Daniel or had he been telling her the truth? 
Around an hour had passed before Maddie had bothered to look at her watch. She quickly got up and returned inside. She saw that Carlos and Ricky were still busy in the office and was about to join them when she heard footsteps in the weaponry room. 
Maddie cautiously took a few steps closer, not sure who was in there since most of the FBI agents had either left for lunch or already left for the day. The room looked almost empty now, with all the shattered display cases removed and broken glass cleaned up from the floor. It looked as if nothing had ever happened there. 
She saw a man looking over one of the display cases that had survived last week’s massacre; it was the one with the throwing stars, which she was actually a little fond of. He didn’t seem to be an FBI agent, or he wasn’t dressed like the others she had seen there earlier, anyway. He was wearing jeans and old black t-shirt. He kept combing his brown hair out of his eyes. As Maddie walked closer, she noticed that same gold watch. Taking a deep breath… she moved forward against her better judgment. 
“Impressive collection.” She said, now standing next to him. A pair of stunning blue eyes looked over at her with a dazed expression as if he didn’t even know she was in the room until then. 
“Yeah.” He replied quietly, staring back at the blades. They stood there with an uncomfortable silence lingering until he spoke up again. “Used to be a lot more in here.” 
“So, I’ve heard.” She replied followed by more silence. This was harder than she thought. 
“Are you here with the FBI?” she asked, knowing he wasn’t, but she had to get him talking somehow. 
He laughed a little. “No.” he said while a smile crept up on his face, as if him being with the feds was hilarious. He then cleared his throat. “Daniel was my brother.” 
“Oh.” Maddie tried not to sound too shocked or horrified. “I’m sorry, were you close?” 
“Ah… not really.” He shook his head. “I mean we were but…. at the same time, we weren’t. If that makes sense?” 
“It does.” Maddie smiled. She could breathe a little easier; if they weren’t close, then maybe this guy wasn’t as psychotic as Daniel. “Well, regardless of how close you were, I’m very sorry for your loss.” 
“Thanks.” He smiled a little, keeping his eyes lowered. “Can’t say he didn’t have it coming though. I know that must sound terrible.” 
“No, it’s understandable.” She hoped she didn’t sound too eager to agree with his comment. “I’m Caroline Abbott by the way, I’m working on the case.” 
“Angus Sheppard.” He said taking her hand. “Daniel changed his last name.” 
“Obviously.” She said, kicking herself for not already thinking of that. But maybe she had the answer to all her questions right in front of her. “So, when did you see him last?” 
“Um… God I don’t know.” He said regretfully. “Two years ago? Probably longer than that. We called each other a lot, but I hadn’t talked to him for a few weeks.” 
“Did you know anything about all of this?” Maddie asked as they walked around the room. 
“Not much. Daniel knew I wasn’t very interested, so he wouldn’t bore me with the details.” 
They stopped in front of the two Phoenix swords. Angus got quiet again. “Sorry.” He said after a few moments. “I know you all were hoping to get some answers from me. I wish I could tell you more.” 
“Oh, no it’s fine. It’s not your fault. The less you were involved the better right?” 
“Didn’t think of it that way.” He smiled a little. 
As they walked out of the weaponry room Maddie decided to change the subject, hoping to get him to warm up to her more. “Angus. So, is that after the burger or the rock star?” 
His face lit up as they both laughed. “The rock star definitely. Or at least that’s what I tell everyone.” He shrugged. “Sounds cooler anyway.” 
“Excuse me…” Maddie said as her phone rang. She quickly walked away, not sure why she was still smiling so much as she answered the phone. 
“Maddie… we need you in here.” 
“Um… I may be getting somewhere.” She glanced over her shoulder and saw that Angus had went back to looking at the weapons. “Can you all just make me a copy and--- “
“You need to see this.” Ricky interrupted. 
“I’ll be right there.” She hung up the phone and walking back over to Angus, she wasn’t going to miss out on a conversation with him that easily. 
“They’re needing to see me for a few minutes.” 
“Oh…, Ok. I’ll see you later then. Maybe?” He sounded hopeful; she couldn’t help not smiling back. 
“Sure. It was nice meeting you Angus.” 
“You too.” 
Maddie raced back to the office but surprisingly wasn’t too concerned with what the boys had found. Her mind was elsewhere at the moment even though she was fighting for her emotions to not go there. 
“You rang?” she asked, closing the door behind her. The look on Ricky’s face put an end to her cheerful mood. “What is it?” 
“Have a seat.” He pulled out the desk chair in front of the computer for her. Maddie sat down and stared at the screen, confused at first at what she was supposed to be seeing, until it dawned on her. 
“These are my files.” She said scrolling down the page. 
“That’s what I thought.” Ricky leaned over her shoulder. “You think he had someone break into the loft or…” 
“No.” she shook her head. “These aren’t from my home computer.” She looked around to see if she could find out when the files were added to Daniel’s computer. “These are from my laptop.” She said trying to stay calm. “He picked it up by mistake.” She said closing her eyes as the truth was hitting her. 
“Picked up what?” 
She didn’t answer him, only opened her eyes to see that the files were added that past Saturday, when Alex and Jay were there. Someone could have shot a bullet through her chest and the pain wouldn’t have been as bad as what she was feeling right at that moment. As far as Maddie could tell, everything had been a lie. 
“That son of a bitch.” She said in disbelief, still staring at the screen. 
“What?” Ricky asked her. “What is it?” 
“The files were put on here last week. By Alex.” She said getting up from the chair. “Do me a favor and uh---just make me a copy of everything, don’t mention it to Darryl all right?” 
Ricky nodded. “Sure thing. Are you going to be okay?” 
“I—I just need to go, somewhere…that’s not here.” she said franticly. “Save me those too, if you find any more.” She said pointing at the pictures on the desk. 
Maddie ran out of the room in such an enraged hurry she barely noticed the voice calling out to her from behind as she made her way to the front door. 
“Miss Abbott? Caroline!” 
Maddie paused, her hand resting on the doorknob; she was hoping to sneak out without being seen. 
“Are you leaving?” 
She turned around slowly and tried to smile back at the extremely nice and polite stranger that could potentially be dangerous. 
“Yeah… I was going to head on home, they don’t need me any more for the day so--- “
“That’s too bad.” Angus interrupted; they were still standing several feet away from each other as he kept talking. “I was going to go grab some lunch, thought maybe you might want to come along? That is if you’re not busy.” 
For a moment she couldn’t find her voice. Too many thoughts were racing through her mind, cluttering all her sanity. It probably wouldn’t be smart to go out alone with Angus. He seemed harmless but so did Daniel… and so did Alex for that matter. 
But if she had him all alone, she could definitely get some answers out of him, Maddie was sure of it. If he knew anything at all about the whole mess of a situation, surely, she could get him to talk. She only needed to stay focused and professional. 
Of course, a professional probably wouldn’t be going alone into this type of situation with no backup. Red flags were going up all over the place, screaming at her, telling her to back off and walk away. 
And Maddie was ignoring them intently. 
She was ignoring them because she had just gotten her heart broken by someone, she loved more than anything and thought he felt the same way. Ignoring them because she just found out that the one person who had turned her life around and make her happy once again had been lying to her from day one. 
Her morals were gone, and priorities thrown out the window as she took a couple steps forward. 
“I’d love to.” 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Three
 
 
 
There wasn’t much time for Maddie to rethink her decision. As soon as she accepted Angus’ invitation, he had the driver waiting for them out front. They drove to a little Mexican restaurant & Cantina located a few miles away from the mansion. 
 
They didn’t take a limo; Daniel didn’t own one even though he had a driver. They rode in a large black SUV instead. Once Maddie stopped stressing over whether she made the right decision, she had time to realize that she’d been in that vehicle before. 
 
Angus and Maddie settled into a booth near the back. They carried on a conversation about nothing important for a while, just talking about the weather and similar topics as they waited for their food. Angus wasn’t acting as awkward as he had been earlier. Seems that he had gotten over his shyness very quickly. 
 
Their waiter soon brought out plates full of oversized burritos with rice and cheese, along with a massive margarita for Angus. Maddie took her usual soft drink. 
 
“Drinks half price for the ladies today.” The waiter mentioned. 
 
“Oh, for the Senoritas!” Angus smiled at her from across the table as he took a drink. “It’s cold!” 
 
“I’ll be okay. Thanks.” Maddie assured them both. 
 
“It’s fruity!” Angus added in with a laugh.
 
“I’m fine. Really.” She laughed while the waiter shrugged and walked away.  
 
“I don’t care to buy you one. Anything you want.” 
 
“I don’t drink that much.” She said digging into her food. 
 
“Yeah me neither.” He laughed, taking another drink. 
 
Maddie smiled and shook her head at him guzzling down his drink. “So… did you and Daniel grow up together? I mean, you said you two weren’t close, so I was just wondering…” 
 
“No, we didn’t, actually. We’re half-brothers or were half-brothers. God.” he paused for a moment. “This will be something to get used to.” He quickly shrugged it off. “I’m sorry.” 
 
“Oh, don’t apologize, I totally understand. It is something to get used to. Having to refer to people in past tense.” 
 
“Well, anyway… we had the same deadbeat Dad, he was from the UK. Dan’s mom lived over there too. Turns out she wasn’t much better, gave up custody of him when he was five.” 
 
“Wow.” Maddie said sadly. 
 
“Yeah, she sent him to live with our Dad, who ended up shipping him off to boarding school. So that’s where he grew up. I lived here in the States, Kansas to be exact.” He added a slight accent to his voice. 
 
Maddie smiled back at him. “With your Mom?” 
 
“Until I was eight.” He nodded. “She passed away.” 
 
“I know the feeling.” 
 
“Your Mom too, huh?” 
 
“Yeah, I was four.” 
 
“It’s tough.” He took another drink. 
 
“So, I went to stay with my grandparents for a while, that didn’t work out too well… they wanted to keep me, but they were so old and sick themselves. They found out where my Dad was at and he promised them he’d take care of me. And he did, just like he took care of Daniel.” He sighed. 
 
“And that’s how you two met? At school?” 
 
“Yeah, we hated each other.” Angus laughed. “Eventually we became friends, somewhat. Can’t say we ever really had that brotherly relationship you hear so much about, At least not at that age. I suppose we got a little closer once we grew up, I guess we realized we were all each other had.” 
 
He stopped talking for a while and ate in silence. Maddie could tell that he was in pain even though he was desperately trying to hide it. Regardless of what Daniel had done to her, her heart broke for Angus; it was almost painful to look him in the eye. He must have had so much guilt for not staying in touch with his troubled brother. 
 
“You sure you don’t want something to drink?” he asked, startling her as it had gotten so quiet. “They have other drinks besides margaritas if you don’t like them.” 
 
“Oh no, I like them, it’s just--- “ 
“Uh huh, see!” he grinned back at her. “I saw you eyeballing it earlier. Have a drink.” 
 
“It looks good, but I really shouldn’t.” 

 “Aw come on!” he pushed the glass closer to her. Hesitantly Maddie took the straw.
 
“Ok that’s really good.” She admitted. Before she even got the words out, Angus had motioned for their waiter. 
 
“I’ve talked her into it, bring the lady a margarita!” 
 
“I didn’t say that…fine.” She said over his laughter. “All right but I can’t drink one of those all by myself, you’ll have to drink some of it.” 
 
“Sure, you can drink some of this one while we wait.” He scooted over in his seat and patted the chair. “Come over here and sit.” 
 
Maddie was about to eat a spoonful of rice when he asked; she then inattentively dumped the food back onto her plate. “Do what?” 
 
“It’ll be easier to share our drinks if you’re sitting over here.” 
 
“We shared that one just fine.” She reminded him. 
 
“Well, yeah but I can’t hear you too well with you sitting all the way over there.” 
 
Maddie laughed out loud at his desperate attempt. “Is that the best you can do?” she asked, giving in and getting up to join him. She felt like she may as well humor him. 
 
“It worked didn’t it?” he said while pulling her plate across the table. “Now isn’t this better?” 
 
“Much better.” She replied, staring at the large margarita that the waiter sat down in front of her. “Um—thank you.” 
 
“So… tell me about yourself Caroline.” 
 
It took her a moment to remember that she was going by a fake name. “Oh there, isn’t too much to tell.” 
 
“Sure, there is, are you married?” 
 
Maddie laughed. “You ask me out to lunch, buy me a drink and then ask if I’m married?” 
 
“Well, I don’t care!” he said lightheartedly, causing her to laugh even harder. “You accepted so….” 
 
“No. I’m not married.” She replied after calming down. 
 
“All right clear enough conscience for me there.” He said putting his arm around her and leaning back against the seat. “Got a boyfriend?” 
 
Maddie’s smile faded as she leaned forward and took a long sip of her drink. She sank back against the seat. “I don’t know.” 
 
“You don’t know?” he said back confused. “How’s that?” 
 
“Basically, I just found out that the guy I’m seeing has been lying from day one. He left out a few days ago and I haven’t heard anything from him. Can’t get in touch with him… so I don’t know.” She repeated.
 
“He left and hasn’t called or anything?” 
 
“Nope.” 
 
“And you don’t know where he went?” 
 
“I thought I did, but now I’m not so sure.” 
 
“And you just found out he’s been lying to you… hm.” He stopped as if he were mulling things over. “Honey, I hate to tell you this but coming from a guy’s perspective, that doesn’t sound too good.” 
 
“What’s it sound like to you?” 
 
“Sounds like he knew you were going to find out about him, so he split.” 
 
“Yeah, I kinda had that feeling.” She said taking another drink. 
 
“So, what are you going to do now?”
 
“I don’t know. I mean I literally just found out about it. And we haven’t even officially broken up--- “ 
“It sounds pretty official.” Angus shrugged. 
 
Maddie stared over at him out of the corner of her eye. “You’re just a little ray of sunshine, aren’t you?” 
 
“What?” he laughed. “I’m just being honest. Something you obviously aren’t used to.” His voice trailed off as he went back to eating, with a smirk on his face. 
 
Maddie took a bite and chewed slowly; secretly wishing everyone could be so blunt with her. 
 
“So, you’re saying I should just accept that it’s over without even talking to him first?” 
 
“You said you couldn’t get ahold of him, how are you going to talk to him?” he said back to her cynically.
 
Maddie couldn’t decide if she wanted to smack him for being so straightforward or hug him for actually being honest with her. Everyone else in her life had always tried to mask reality from her simply because she’d had such a hard life. 
 
But Angus didn’t have any reason to sugarcoat anything for her. And she was starting to like that fact. 
 
“Well---I…” she stammered for a moment as he smiled back at her. “Okay fine, I’m just fooling myself here.” 
 
“No, you’ve just not admitted to yourself yet that it’s over, once you say it out loud, you’ll feel better. So, go on.” He sank back against the booth seat with his glass. “Say it.” 
 
“That will make me feel better?” she said skeptically. 
 
“You won’t know until you try. Go on.” 
 
Maddie sighed to herself as she closed her eyes and quietly spoke. “It’s over.” 
 
“I didn’t hear you.” 
 
She stared back at him in annoyance while he grinned evilly. “It’s Over!” 
 
“You’re not feeling it!” he said back excitedly, moving closer to her. “You got to put all your emotion into it, or else it doesn’t work!” 
 
“Are you some motivational speaker or something?” she laughed as he placed his hands on her shoulders. “It’s Over, It‘s over it’s over it’s over!” 
 
“I don’t care if you say it a hundred times, if you don’t mean it--- “ 
“It’s OVER!” Maddie finally yelled out in frustration, startling the other customers around them and causing people to stare. She and Angus both laughed as she sank down into their booth. 
 
“Now, don’t you feel better?” 
 
Maddie took another long drink. “I feel like an idiot. But… yeah” she looked over at him and smiled. “I do feel better.” 
 
“Told you so.” 
 
Once everyone had turned their attention back to their food, Maddie sat back up in her seat. “How about you? Are you married?” Angus just shook his head, making a face at the absurdity of her question. 
 
“Got a girlfriend?” 
 
“Nope. Free as a bird my dear.” 
 
“Okay… so what do you do for a living?” 
 
“Hmm? Oh um---sales.” He said, suddenly more interested in his food. “Importing and exporting… that type of thing.” 
 
“Oh. Importing what exactly?”
 
“Uh… Imported stuff.” He said laughing. “It’s all legit, I swear.” 
 
 “Mmmhmm.” She replied, not believing him at all, but she felt that whatever it was couldn’t be any worse than what Alex had been up to. 

 
 

Later on, that night back in Vegas…
 
All the guys had settled into one suite on the top floor, trying to survive their temporary house arrest by playing cards and watching free cable. Link had arranged for the building to be empty for the next couple of days since no one was sure what was about to go down. But at the moment there were still several guests occupying the downstairs rooms, and the guys wanted to stay as inconspicuous as possible. 
 
 
“Have you tried calling her yet?” Tinky asked Alex who was swiping through the same handful of pictures on his phone. 

“No, just trying to figure out what to say.” 

“Don’t encourage him Tink.” Jett called out from the couch. “It’s probably best that he doesn’t.” There was an echo of murmuring agreement from all the others in the room. 

“I don’t see why it would hurt to just check in. I wouldn’t have to tell her anything.” Alex responded. 
 
 “We’re going to have to form a mutiny.” James Shelton or as everyone called him, Cowboy spoke up from where he was playing cards with Shawn and Link who nodded along with him.

“Alex when are you going to get this through your head bro?” Jett walked over to him. “It ain’t safe right now, wait until you talk to them first.”
 
Alex had it through his head; it’d been boring a hole into his skull ever since he had gotten there and was literally about to drive him insane. He knew Jett was telling him the truth. But he needed to talk to her; he needed to know she was okay. 
 
“Not trying to play Devil’s advocate here.” Tinky spoke up. “But I’m pretty confident with the programming I put on his phone. Really, they shouldn’t be able to track a short phone call. Like five minutes max.” he rolled his eyes as everyone except Alex gave him the death glare. 
 
“Come on guys, he needs some reassurance.” Tinky looked up. “He looks like someone killed his puppy.” 
 
“I’ve always liked you.” Alex smiled over at him. 

“Five minutes.” Jett stated, taking on the leadership role since Alex couldn’t think clearly at the moment. “Make something up, tell her you’re in a hurry and just wanted to check in.” he spoke as Alex was already halfway out the door. 

Everyone left in the room exchanged glances. “Ok one of us needs to go follow him.” Jett told them. 
 
“Go ahead.” Shawn spoke up. 
 
“I’m not going! I’m the one that’s been on him the most about this, he’s going to end up hating me.” 
 
“Well, I would.” Shawn said. “But I wouldn’t be able to persuade him as good as you.” He ducked as Jett smacked him across the head with his baseball cap. “Would you all stop with the hats?” he said rubbing his head. “Send Graham.” 
 
“No. We’re finally talking once again. I don’t like having Alex on my bad side. Send Tinky.” 
 
Tinky kept his head down at his desk. “I’m working guys. You need me to work remember?” 
 
Lincoln gave them all a look to let them know he was out of the question. All four turned to look at Cowboy who was trying to stay silent in the matter. “What?” he looked back at them. 
 
“We took a vote.” Shawn laughed. “Your turn to deal with the Princess.” 
 
“Aw c’mon guys.” He pleaded as they all pointed toward the door. Hesitantly he got up, muttering to himself.    

Alex was standing in the hallway a few feet away from the room the guys were in, listening to the phone ring, and continue ringing. Frustrated when the call went to voicemail, he hung up and tried Maddie’s number again. After a couple more tries, he decided a voicemail would be better than nothing and left a quick message. 

“Did you get things taken care of?” Cowboy asked once he saw Alex’s face. 

“There’s no answer. I just left a voicemail. God this is all so messed up.”

“Maybe she’s just busy man, different time zones too, she could be back at work?” 

“She’s taken time off and---” he shook his head. “She always has her phone with her. I’m going to have such a hard time working this out when I go back.” 
 
“You think you’ll be able to go back to her?” 
 
“They’re not standing in my way this time. It’s different now.” 
 
“I’ll say. I’ve never seen you so out of control.” 
 
“I’m not out of control!” Alex snapped back. 
 
“Ok then you’re a tad bit stressed out. How’s that?” 
 
“And the rest of you would be too if you were in my shoes.” 
 
Cowboy stopped and looked at him. “Am I missing something here? Because there are things that just aren’t adding up for me.” 
 
“What do you mean?” 
 
“The fact that you’re so worried about Maddie’s safety. I know she’s your girlfriend, just hear me out.” He stopped Alex before he could interrupt.
 
 “All Vance and Renir have ever wanted to do since we have left that place is get us back in there working for them, most of all get you back. It seems to me that all of this is a ploy to do that… I don’t see how she could be in much danger; they’re using her as bait. You said yourself that there wasn’t any proof of the money that Daniel was referring to.” 
 
Alex was silent as he stared at the floor, contemplating on what he should say, or if he should say anything at all. 
 
“You’re keeping something from us, aren’t you?” 
 
“Sometimes I really hate how you’re able to read people James.” 
 
“What is it? We need to know. You could put us all in danger by keeping stuff from us.” 
 
Alex took in a deep calming breath before he spoke. “The money may exist. I don’t know for a fact, but it may.” 
 
“What makes you think that?” 
 
“Maddie has a necklace; it was the last thing her Dad gave her before he died. The charm is a Phoenix.” 
 
“Okay, there’s a sign.” 
 
“It has a stone in the middle. The night Daniel died, apparently while he had her unconscious, he got the necklace from her. I found it lying next to him after I shot him. The back of the pendant had fallen off. I held it up and when light shined through the stone, there was a code on the wall.” 
 
“A code?” 
 
“Letters and numbers… I didn’t have time to get a good look. But I’m thinking there could be a connection.” 
 
“And that’s why Daniel took it.” 
 
“Or he possibly didn’t know about it and just took it because of his obsession with her.” 
 
“True.” Cowboy nodded. “So… the question is, does Maddie know?” 
 
Alex smiled grimly. “That’s what I’ve been wondering. And also do Renir and Vance even know about her Dad leaving her a clue behind? That’s why I’ve been so stressed because if they don’t know and somehow find out about it…”
 
“Then she’s in a hell of a lot of trouble.” 
 
“And all alone and no one else knows what’s going on besides me.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







Later that Evening, back at the Mexican restaurant…still.
 
             
 
After Maddie so vividly declared her independence, and they both finished up their food along with more drinks, Angus was about to ask for their check when a conga line of waiters came marching through the restaurant, declaring that happy hour was about to start. 
 
Already feeling the effects of the margaritas, Maddie and Angus stayed for a while and visit the Cantina. 
 
“So… as I was saying…” Angus drank another shot of whatever drink was most popular at the moment. “We could take the Lamborghini that just so happened to come into my possession, rest in peace bro…” he stopped to raise his glass. “And…” 
 
Maddie was wiping the tears from her eyes from laughing so hard, not exactly sure what she was laughing about, but everything was hilarious at that point. “I’m not running away to Mexico with you.” 
 
“Just hear me out!” he said back excitedly. “It’s gorgeous there this time of year… you got… like sand and water….” 
 
“But you can’t drink it.” 
 
“Well no, that’s why they have Tequila!” he said slapping his hand against the bar. “Tequila!” he smiled as the bartender set them up. 
 
“I think you’re trying to get me drunk.” Maddie said picking up the glass. 
 
“Trying? I think I’ve already sucee—Scudee…Umm.” Angus had to think really hard just to complete sentences. It almost looked like he was in pain.
 
“Succeeded?” she finished for him. 
 
“Yes! That too.” He said laughing. “Hold on hold on…” he said stopping her from drinking the shot. She looked back at him in confusion. “We need salt!” 
 
“Oh. We do?” 
 
“Yes. Haven’t you ever drunk Tequila?
“I think.” Maddie said, a little delusional. “I have no idea what all I’ve had tonight to be honest…” she giggled, taking the saltshaker from him. “So, okay I’ve seen people do this, you put it on your hand and lick or…” 
 
Angus sighed dramatically, taking her hand in his. “Observe. You may learn something.” Holding it with her palm upright, he sprinkled salt inside her hand before he leaned down and placed his mouth over it, kissing it and then licking the salt away all while keeping his alluring eyes locked on hers. 
 
Maddie grasped the side of the bar with her free hand, as she was feeling dizzy, but not so much from the alcohol anymore. 
 
He leaned back to get his drink and laughed at her dazed expression. “Are you okay?” 
 
“Yeah, I---this just isn’t like me.” She said a little embarrassed.  
 
“What, the drinking?” 
 
“No, the staying out all night with a random stranger… and the drinking.” She added. 
 
“I’m not a random stranger, I’ve told you more about me tonight than I ever tell anyone.” 
 
“I know, but it’s just weird for me to just ‘go out’ you know?” she had to laugh as Angus looked totally confused. “Let me explain.” 
 
“Thank God.” He said in mock relief.
 
“I was engaged to my high school sweetheart, he was the only guy I ever dated, and we were together for years… and, long story short, he left for the war… and never came back.” She sighed.  
 
“Wow. I’m sorry.” 
 
“It’s okay. I mean, it’s not but…” she shrugged. “So, then I dated no one, at all for three years, no one. Didn’t go out or anything. Not until I met this last guy I was dating, and you already know all about that. So…” she paused for a moment. 
 
“I’ve only dated two guys?” Maddie said as if she was just then realizing it. “Oh, my god… I’ve only dated two guys, that’s depressing.” 
 
“That’s not depressing. It shows you’ve been very careful with your heart.” 
 
“Yeah and look where that’s gotten me.” 
 
“Ah, touché.” he said almost sincerely before bouncing back to his chipper mood. “Well…,” he smiled back at her. “Maybe you should be more spontaneous.” He said with an evil smile. 
 
Maddie could feel her face burning as he rested his hand on her leg and leaned closer to her. “How about we get out of here? Go back to my place?” he asked while brushing the hair away from her face. 
 
“You realize that I have to go back with you anyway to get my car, right?”
 
“Yeah… I forgot that.” He said a little disheartened. “Okay. Smarty pants… would you like to come back to my place and stay a while?” 
 
“That’s a little forward, don’t you think?” she said back playfully. 
 
“Ok I’ll give you some time to think about it…” he said, looking at that forsaken watch. 
 
“You will?” 
 
“Yes, you have thirty seconds…” he glanced back up at her. “Twenty-nine. Twenty-eight…” 
 
“All right.” She stopped him. “But only to talk.” 
 
“Talk? We’ve talked all night… damn.” He muttered as he paid the bartender. “Oh, okay fine.” Angus laughed as Maddie glared back at him after hearing his comment. “I’ll make popcorn and we can watch a movie, how’s that?” 

“Great. I’m just going to go to the restroom before we leave.” 

“I’ll wait for you here.” Angus said as she walked off. He finished up his drink and stared over at Maddie’s blazer draped across the back of the barstool. Her phone’s screen lit up inside the pocket as she was getting a call. Looking around, He grabbed it to take a closer look.

“She doesn’t need to hear from you right now mate.” He said to himself while declining the calls from Alex and deleting all traces of them. Fortunately for him Maddie was taking her time in the restroom. He was able to delete the voicemail that was left as well. Discreetly he placed the phone back in its original spot when he saw her heading back his way.  



 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
Chapter Four
 
 
As soon as they arrived back at the mansion, Maddie headed for the kitchen to make a pot of coffee. As much as she hated the drink, she knew she would have to do something to make her sober up quickly. At least she was confident she wasn’t nearly as drunk as Angus seemed to be. 
 
“Any idea where the filters are at…?” she looked over her shoulder as he fell into one of the kitchen chairs and shrugged. “Yeah, you don’t know much of anything at the moment.” She laughed. 
 
“I’ve not went shopping yet.” 
 
“You go shopping?” 
 
“Well, not really.” He stumbled over to her. 
 
“Maybe you should just wait in the living room. I think I’ll manage.” Maddie shook her head as she literally shoved Angus into the other room. 
 
It took a while, but she finally found everything and got the coffee pot going. She then went on a wild goose chase trying to find the downstairs bathroom. She made her way back to the kitchen a few minutes later, grabbing a mug to take to Angus first. 
 
“I didn’t know how you liked it, just assumed black.” She sat the mug down without realizing she had been talking to herself. Angus was fast asleep on the couch, it looked as if he were dead to the world. 
 
Maddie slowly sat down near his feet, careful not to wake him as she took a drink of coffee. She didn’t want to bother him; he looked so peaceful, almost angelic though she knew better than that. 
 
Her eyes went from his sleeping face down to his wrist, and the golden watch. Now would be the perfect opportunity to get a closer look. She quietly sat the mug back on the table and knelt down beside him. 
 
At first glance, it looked like a normal everyday watch. Nothing really stood out. She pulled at the band a little once something caught her eye. There were tiny plastic cylinders along the underside of the watch’s band. She couldn’t get a good look at all of them, but they almost looked like vials with liquid inside. She moved back once Angus stirred around, utterly confused about the vials, but she was afraid she’d end up waking him if she tried to look again. 
 
Maddie then looked at the buttons along the side of the watch. They all looked normal too except for one near the top right corner, it was bright green and looked completely out of place on a solid gold watch. Without thinking, she pressed it. Assuming it would light up the face of the watch so she could see the detailing better. 
 
“What the hell?!?” Angus sprang up from the couch, out of breath and clutching his chest. Maddie scrambled to her feet. 
 
“Are you okay? Angus what’s wrong?” she asked frantically, he looked like he was going into cardiac arrest for a moment. 
 
“Yeah.” He took a few deep breaths once he realized what had happened. “I’m okay.” He looked up at her baffled expression. “I’m fine. Really. It’s all right.” 
 
“What happened?” 
 
“Uh…I don’t know. That happens sometimes.” 
 
She could tell that he was trying to cover things up. “Did the watch have anything to do with it?”  
 
“My watch?” he said back groggily.  “What do you mean?”
 
“I was looking at it and pressed the green button on the side right before…” 
 
“Yeah that used to make the screen glow, doesn’t work anymore. Why were you looking at my watch?” 
 
“Why are you trying to make me out to be a moron?” she asked back. 
 
Angus scratched his head. “Sweetheart I’ve had a lot to drink tonight, you’re going to have to help me out here…what are you talking about?” 
 
Maddie stared down at him suspiciously. “Interesting point. You’re miraculously sober now too. How did that happen?” He got quiet once again. The atmosphere in the room seemed much like it was when they first met earlier that day, extremely awkward.  
 
“What’s the deal with the watch Angus?” 
 
“What? It’s a watch! What are you getting at?” 
 
“Everyone I’ve met lately has the exact same watch!” 

 “Okay, it’s a popular design?” he shrugged. “What does that have to do with anything?” 
 
“Fine.” Maddie sighed; she knew she was going to have to explain herself a little more in order to get some answers. “You, Daniel, Alex and Jett all have the same watch. I know there has to be some sort of significance to that.” She walked around as he turned his face away at the mention of Alex’s name.
 
“Something happened to you when I pushed that button!” 
 
He quietly spoke up after a few silent moments. “I think you need to go.” 
 
“What? No, I’m not going anywhere until I get some answers…” 
 
“You need to go, Maddie.” He said looking up at her. She backed away from him once he said her name. 
 
“You know who I am? You’ve known all day?” 
 
“My brother was obsessed with you. I know more about you than you’d probably ever want me to.”
 
She tried to say something back but was having problems finding her voice. “Why---why didn’t you say anything?” 
 
“I didn’t want to scare you.” He said back sincerely. “God, you’ve gone through enough as it is.” 
 
“Did they send you here to find me?” 
 
“No!” he said back abruptly. He stood up and walked over to her. “I was here for Dan’s funeral. It’s nothing like that at all. We met by coincidence. I wouldn’t hurt you.” 
 
“Sorry if I have a hard time believing that.” She said, truly wanting to trust him but how could she believe anyone at this point? “Do you know where Alex is?” 
 
“No, I really don’t. I’m sorry.” 
 
“Would you tell me if you did?” Angus hesitated then half smiled back at her. “Yeah I figured as much.” She sighed. “I take it you can’t tell me about the watches either, right?” 
 
“I really don’t want to see anything bad happen to you.” He said back as if he were talking in code. Letting her know that his hands were tied.
 
Maddie nodded. “Right. I should probably go then.” She turned to head for the door. “Thanks for lunch, and everything.” 
 
“Take care of yourself Maddie.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sunday Afternoon May 16th 
 
 
 
Maddie had slept in most of the day, she had trouble going to sleep the night before with everything that had happened. But at least she felt like she was getting somewhere, now she just needed to make sense of everything. 
 
After grabbing something to eat she left the loft to go to the hospital to check on Jay. She felt bad as she walked through the parking garage to the main entrance. She hadn’t even called to check on him the day before. She pulled out her phone to give him a call before she went up to see him and noticed that the sound was off. 
 
“Great.” She muttered as she turned it on, remembering that she had put her phone in silence mode on the way to the restaurant with Angus, afraid at the time that she’d give away her true identity.  Sure enough, she had several missed calls.  
 
“There you are!” Abby shrieked when Maddie entered Jay’s room. “Where have you been? I’ve been trying to call you all night…we thought something had happened to you!” 
 
“I’m sorry.” Maddie said out of breath from Abby’s hug. “I had my phone on silent, I didn’t realize it until just now. Sorry that I worried you.” She looked over at Jay. 
 
“I knew you were fine. She’s the worrier.” Jay laughed. “Why’d you have your phone on silent so long? That’s very unlike you.” 
 
“I just forgot about it I guess.” Maddie shrugged. “How are you doing? You’re looking better.” She smiled hoping to change the subject. 
 
“I’m great, got some good news, that’s why we were trying to get a hold of you. The doc said I could go home tomorrow.” 
 
“Seriously?” Maddie said back happily. 
 
“Yeah, I think they’re just trying to get rid of me.” He laughed. “Nah, he said there wasn’t any reason to keep me here, I could recover just as easily at home. Or on the beach…” he grinned over at Abby. 
 
“You’re going on to Hawaii?” Maddie asked. 
 
“Against my better judgment.” Abby told her. 
 
“Hey, the doctor had no problem with it, I don’t see why you should. I feel fine! And I don’t see the point in wasting any more time. After all this…wasting time is no longer an option for me.” 
 
Maddie sat next to him on the bed. “That’s a nice outlook to have. Maybe some good came out of all this after all.” 
 
“Maybe so.” He said, wishing to himself that things could have turned out better for her. “You seem to be in a good mood.” 
 
“You’re going home tomorrow, of course I am!” 
 
“No…it’s more than that.” He said suspiciously.  “What are you up to?” 
 
“Nothing.” There was a quick tap at the door, Maddie was glad to be interrupted as one of Jay’s nurses walked in the room. 
 
“Okay sugar, time to go downstairs for therapy.” 
 
“Do I have to go? I’m leaving tomorrow I don’t see why----“ 
 
The nurse placed her hands on her hips, apparently, she’d already dealt with Jay’s stubbornness. “You ain’t leaving. Not until you go downstairs and show them you can walk…now come on.” She laughed while Abby helped him into the wheelchair. 
 
“I’ll give you a call later and see how you’re doing.” Maddie told him as she started to leave. 
 
“Wait, Clara’s having a welcome home thing tomorrow for me, she wanted me to tell you, probably around eleven, before we leave for the airport.” 
 
“Okay, I’ll be there.” 
 
“I’ll walk out with you Maddie; I have to go back to work anyway.” Abby said before giving Jay a quick kiss goodbye. 
 
They parted ways at the elevator lobby, Maddie was relatively silent for once around Abby. She knew she wasn’t buying the ‘left the phone on silent’ bit. 
 
“All right.” Abby spoke up once the elevator doors closed. “Where were you really at last night? And don’t lie to me…” she said when Maddie started to respond. “I went by the loft really late to pick up some things and you weren’t there. I told Jay you were so that he wouldn’t worry.” 
 
“I…I just went out for a while.”
 
“If it’s something to do with the case and you’re not allowed to say anything, or you don’t want Jay to know just tell me that and I won’t ask anymore, but we never have secrets Maddie and I know you’re keeping one, or more than one.” She said as they stepped off the elevator. 
 
“Abby really…it’s nothing to worry about. I’ve been doing a little investigating, Darryl knows about ---some of it.” She said cautiously. “Some if it he doesn’t. Jay doesn’t need to know anything.” 
 
“Okay that’s fine. I understand. But is it safe for you to be doing this alone?” 
 
“I’ll be fine.” She was too busy trying to convince herself the same thing. 
 
“Well, I won’t say anything, you know that. But I don’t like you being out by yourself so late at night, getting into God knows what, Jay would never forgive me if he knew that I knew that you were alone and somehow ended up getting in trouble.” 
 
“I wasn’t exactly alone.”
 
“You weren’t?” Abby pulled her aside before they reached the ER as it finally dawned on her. “Madelyn Conley…I know that look!” 
 
“What look? What are talking about?” 
 
“You’ve met someone!” 
 
“What?” Maddie laughed nervously. “No, I haven’t.” 
 
“Don’t lie to me! That look on your face, I saw it the first time Ethan asked you out and I never saw it again until Alex showed up and Oh my God is, he back?” 
 
“No Abby…”
 
“Then what?” 
 
Maddie had to think quickly, she knew Abby could keep a secret. But if the secret involved her spending time with Daniel’s questionable brother…She may not be able to keep it quiet. 
 
“I started talking to one of the out of town FBI agents yesterday about Daniel and he invited me out to lunch…and then drinks. That’s all.” 
 
“Really?” Abby smiled back a little. “You went on a date?” 
 
“Is it really that surprising for me to go out with someone?” 
 
“No that’s not what I meant. I just thought, the whole thing with Alex.” 
 
“As far as I can tell the whole thing with Alex is over.” Maddie replied sadly. “I’m going to go, so you can get back to work.” She said before Abby had a chance to ask any more questions. She leaned in to give her a quick hug. “I’ll talk to you later okay?” 
 
“Yeah, later.” Abby said back warily as she watched Maddie quickly leave the hospital. 
 
 

 
 
     
 


Later that evening around six o clock, Maddie found herself in an all too familiar place. Completely unsure of why she was even there. Unfortunately, this time the gates were locked to the driveway of the mansion that once belonged to Daniel. 
 
It should have been a sign, a very obvious one. She needed to turn the car around and go home, just find another way to get information about her Dad and all the craziness surrounding her life. Angus didn’t want her there, he told her to leave, and the gates were locked so she would have to break in if she were going to get in there at all. 
 
“Okay.” She said to herself after sitting there for a few minutes. He knew she was there. He had to. There were security cameras everywhere. If he wanted her in, he’d open the gates. But he hadn’t. 
 
“I should go.” She tried to convince herself to leave.  But as soon as her hand touched the keys, the gates miraculously unlocked and started to swing open. She looked ahead and saw a front porch light that wasn’t on before. Bracing herself, she started the car and headed up the driveway. 
 
Angus was standing in the doorway as she parked the car, looking calm and relaxed so that was a good sign, she hoped. 
 
“I’m surprised you let me in.” she said after getting out of the car. 
 
“Yeah, well…” he shrugged as she walked out on the porch. “I thought if you’re crazy enough to come back after your stalker’s brother told you to leave, I may as well humor you.” He smirked. “Come on in trouble.” 
 
“I took down all the cameras this morning.” He said as they walked inside. “So, we don’t have any extra eyes and ears watching and listening now.” 
 
“Oh!” Maddie said as Angus nodded. “That’s why I had to leave.” 
 
“Yeah I thought you’d catch on, with you being a private investigator and all.” He teased. Maddie was about to respond when a huge Doberman Pincher came bouncing through the foyer, straight to her.  
 
“Oh, my goodness, aren’t you adorable?” she said kneeling down to pet the large but surprisingly playful dog. “Yes, you are…” she said as the dog started licking her face. 
 
“He’s a killer.” Angus rolled his eyes. “That’s Thorn.” 
 
“Hey Thorn!” Maddie said, still in a child-like voice as she patted him on the head. “He’s gorgeous!” 
 
“Yeah, he’s a great watchdog, will rip someone apart…unless the intruder is female…then well.” He said motioning to the dog that was happily wagging his tail walking alongside Maddie. 
 
“Ain’t that right ya bastard?” he said as Thorn let out a low grunt as he wandered off to the other side of the room. “Ah, he’s my buddy though, what can I say?” he said as they sat down on the couch. Thorn let out a happy bark in agreement. 
 
“Was he here yesterday?” 
 
“No, I had someone bring him down. Now it feels more like home.” Angus smiled. “So, as I was saying, I removed all the bugs and cameras. We should be safe now. Sorry for the confusion.” 
 
“It’s okay, my whole life is one big confusing mess right now.” 
 
“Yeah I’m sure you have a lot of questions.” He picked up his beer from the table. “You want a drink?” 
 
“I think I’m good.” She laughed. “Last night did me in for a while.” 
 
“Ok, so what do you want to know?” 
 
“I don’t know where to begin.” She said as her mind went blank. All the questions she needed answers to, and she couldn’t think of anything. “For starters, that watch.” she said as her eyes locked on his wrist. 
 
“That old thing?” he joked. “Here, look I’ll show you.” He removed it and handed it to her. What once looked like a normal watch now looked completely different once she saw the backside. 
 
“What is this?” she said staring at what would normally be where a battery was located. 
 
“That’s how we contact our home planet.” 
 
Maddie’s eyes widened as she looked at him in shock. Angus couldn’t hold a straight face much longer. “That look was priceless!” he said laughing. 
 
“Yeah well I could believe anything at this point.” She said smacking his arm. “Especially you being from another planet. What is it really Angus?” 
 
“Okay.” He said taking the watch from her. “The vials contain this energy boosting chemical, don’t ask me what all is in it, Tinky came up with it. It’s probably the equivalent of drinking ten mocha lattes at once.” 
 
“Wow.” 
 
“Damn straight ‘wow’” Angus said. “It’s bad enough when you know it’s coming on.” He said glaring at her. 
 
“Oh yeah, sorry about that.” Maddie said sheepishly. “So why exactly do you need this?” 
 
“Well, nowadays we mostly use it for identification, all of the Phoenix soldiers have one. But what they were originally designed for was to give us an advantage during a fight. Sort of a superhuman adrenaline rush. If you get injured you press the button, and that stuff gets injected into your bloodstream. You can just keep going, as if nothing happened.” 
 
Maddie nodded along, letting everything Angus had just said register. “So, you could, for example, walk around a hospital like nothing was wrong after getting brutally stabbed twice and losing a ton of blood?” 
 
“Yeah, I suppose.” 
 
“All right, so back up just a little…” Maddie said a little dazed. “Phoenix Soldiers?” 
 
Angus looked stunned. “My God you haven’t been told anything have you?” He sat up and took a drink before getting started. “Let’s see here, why don’t you tell me what you do know?” 
 
“Well…I know my Dad was involved with these two guys named Renir and Vance…?” 
 
“Edgar Renir and Joss Vance. They’re the leaders or…” he paused when Maddie gave him a strange look. “Our bosses…basically. Anyway they, along with your dad, came up with The Phoenix Academy. It was intended to be a military school for boys, specifically for low-income or run-aways, orphans…you didn’t know about any of this?” 
 
“I found an article about him contributing to the school…” 
 
“Your Dad funded the entire project. That’s why Vance and Renir needed him. For the money.” 
 
“My Dad?” Maddie said back in disbelief. “They needed my Dad to fund the money? The same guy that would take me school shopping at thrift stores and never let me throw away anything because money was so tight?” 
 
“Maybe he was teaching you to be frugal? Anyway…” he continued, clearing his throat. “As you may have already put together, The Phoenix Academy was the ‘boarding school’ that Daniel and I were sent to. Alex went there too, and Jett and all those other guys.” 
 
“So, you all were training to be soldiers? For the British Army or…?”
 
“They got kids from all different regions, we were supposed to go back to our home countries and serve when we graduated. That was the original plan anyway.”  
 
“I take it things didn’t end up that way.” 
 
“Not even close. When Renir saw how skilled we really were, he started thinking of ways to use all of us for his benefit. Vance wasn’t really into the idea at first but eventually he warmed up to it. Your Dad didn’t agree with it at all. From what I understand, that’s when he left.” 
 
“Or he tried to leave.” Maddie responded coldly. “What exactly did Renir end up doing?” 
 
Angus paused for a moment; his eyes full of regret from his past. “He trained us all to be his own personal assassins.” 
 
Maddie shook her head. “What? Hit men? All of you? Did you go through with it? Are you still…” she stood up as her head started to spin. Angus quickly grabbed her hand. 
 
“Sit down, you look like you’re going to pass out.” He said calmly. 
 
Maddie slowly sank back down on the couch; she didn’t know what to ask first. “Alex was a hired assassin?” 
 
“Well…yeah. Technically.” 
 
“Was he sent here to kill me?” 
 
“No, calm down Maddie.” He said as she started to appear frantic. “I don’t know everything about the mission, I know Daniel was supposed to get some information about you and when he couldn’t get it, he decided to get Alex involved. As far as either of them being hired to kill you, I don’t know. I don’t think so---but---I could be wrong.” 
 
“So, what are you really doing here?” she said as tears filled her eyes. “Came to finish the job that the other two couldn’t?” 
 
“I told you, I was here for Dan’s funeral, that’s all! I’m not even involved in that part of the business anymore.” 
 
“How can you talk about it like it’s so normal?” Maddie said outraged. “You’re all murderers!” 
 
“And like I said, I don’t do that anymore.” 
 
“Oh well, that makes me feel better.” She said standing up again, this time to leave. 
 
“Maddie…” Angus called out following after her. “You’re not going to get any answers by leaving.” He pulled her around to face him. “You’re not in danger here. Honestly, you’re probably safer here with me than you would be at home alone.” 
 
“What makes you say that?” 
 
“I’m just being cautious.”
 
“Who’s after me Angus? Have they sent someone else?” 
 
“Maddie I don’t kn---“ 
 
“You don’t know.” She repeated in disbelief. “You have all this information, but you don’t know anything about what’s going on with me?” 
 
“When someone is given a mission, they don’t share all the details with everyone. Now as far as Alex is concerned, if he has been hired to kill you. You’re as good as dead already. Out of all of us, he’s the number one threat. That’s why they want him back.” 
 
He took a breath while Maddie looked as confused as ever. “See, Alex and the others, they escaped the compound several years ago…Ever since then, they‘ve wanted him back. They‘ve threatened him over the years, tried everything they could to get him to agree to work for them again.  I don‘t know, maybe that’s why he took this mission in the first place…” he paused to think. “Maybe it was a deal to get his freedom back.”
 
“I feel like you’re speaking in code.” Maddie said back in annoyance. “Escaped the compound? Would you listen to yourself? Are you all being held prisoner there?” 
 
“Do I look like I’m being held prisoner?” he laughed a little. “We’re free to come and go as we please it’s just; we have a certain loyalty to uphold. Meaning if they need us to do something, we do it. At least those of us who stayed.” 
 
Maddie stared at him for the longest time, trying to wrap her head around what Angus was telling her. 
 
“I know it’s a lot to take in at once. Can we please sit back down? I promise I’ll tell you what I know. But you need to stop freaking out on me.” 
 
His voice sounded sincere enough, but Maddie was unsure if she could really trust him. He just told her that he had been trained to kill since he was a child. Alex too. And to find out her father was partly responsible made things even worse. Regardless of whether or not he agreed with Vance and Renir’s ways, her Dad had known about their plans, and never told her anything about it.
 
All her life she had believed a lie. 
 
Maddie’s eyes narrowed on Angus as she hesitantly walked past him, back toward the living room, to continue her conversation with a killer. 


 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Five
 
 
 
 
 Maddie had settled down after she and Angus had gone back into the living room. Thorn had even walked over and placed his head in her lap sensing some tension from the two.
 
“Were you and Alex close? When you were growing up back at the school or… compound?” Maddie cringed a little at that. 
 
“Yeah, we were all close, like brothers, some of us more than others I guess.” 
 
“So… what’s your opinion on mine and his relationship?” she asked, hating to sound like a desperate ex-girlfriend asking the best friend for help. 
 
“Same as it was yesterday.” Angus shrugged. “I knew you were talking about Alex then. I still think he left you.” 
 
“But you don’t know the things he said and how everything between us.” Angus gave her a sympathetic smile and Maddie hated it. She didn’t want him to tiptoe around her feelings like everyone else.  
 
“Maddie Honey trust me I know. I’ve done it myself. Alex was on a mission. He was trying to find out information, and we were all trained to use whatever means possible to get what we needed. If that means seducing a pretty girl, then that’s what we do.”
 
“But he didn’t seduce me.” She said as he gave her a non-believing look. “He didn’t! It was real, or it felt real.” 
 
“Did you have sex?” 
 
“I don’t think that’s any of your business!” she shot back. 
 
“You asked for my opinion!” He laughed. 
 
“Fine, yes.” She sighed.
 
“Uh huh. See how convenient that was for him?” 
 
“I love your honesty, but I wish it wasn’t all so negative.” she said back in annoyance. 
 
“I’m just trying to make you understand. Alex was always the one that told the rest of us it wasn’t a good idea to get into a relationship. We would just end up getting the person we loved in danger. That’s why I can’t see him getting involved with anyone, especially not you. You were the mission!” 
 
“It’s just so hard to take it all in at once.” She said as her hand rest atop Thorn’s head. “Why couldn’t I see it? I’m usually not this naïve.”
 
“You didn’t know anything about all this. How could you have known?” 
 
“I should have realized it was all too good to be true.” She said as a tear escaped and run down her face. Angus moved closer to her. 
 
“Don’t blame yourself, you got fooled by one of the best.” he said, running his hand across her cheek. “Hey, want to go do something? We should go out, get our minds off all this.” 
 
“I don’t know.” 
 
“Come on, you can show me around town.” 
 
“I’m really not the best tour guide.” She smiled. “Not exactly one to hit all the clubs and stuff.” 
 
“I’m sure we can find something to do.” He said jumping up. “No point in sitting around all sad and depressed. Accept things for what they are and move on.” 
 
Maddie looked up at his smiling face, she shook her head once a few crazy thoughts came to her mind. “I guess I could.” 
 
“Great!” he said happily. Thorn barked in disapproval once Maddie got up. “Oh, calm down, she’ll be back.” The dog grunted and wandered back to his dog bed to sulk. 
 
“Aww, at least someone loves me.” Maddie laughed. “I won’t be gone too long.” She said as Thorn seemed to grunt in approval. “I should probably go home and get dressed, if that’s okay?” 
 
“Sure. I’ll be here waiting.” Angus said, walking her to the door. 
 
“Thank you.” She turned around to face him. “For explaining things. It really means a lot for someone to be honest.” 
 
“Not a problem.” He smiled back before being completely surprised by Maddie giving him a hug. Reluctantly he patted her shoulder. 
 
“Sorry…” she said backing away.  “Impulse move, I guess not everyone is a hugger.” 
 
“Nah it's fine. I’m actually more of a go upstairs and get on with it person.” He said with a smirk while motioning to the staircase. 
 
“Okay----I’ll be back later!” Maddie said laughing, turning away before he could see her face. 
 
 
 Meanwhile in Las Vegas, the guys were getting restless, not to mention slightly temperamental after spending several hours cooped up in their hotel rooms. As soon as everyone had checked out of the hotel, they all headed outside to the pool. Alex sat off to the side as usual. 
 
“There are swim trunks in the gift shop, you can take whatever you want.” Link said sitting beside him in one of the lounge chairs. 
 
“I know, I’m not really up for a swim.” Alex said as he laid his phone down. 
 
“Did they call?” 
 
“Yeah, said they’d be here tomorrow.” He sighed. “No rush from them as usual.” 

“Ah, not surprising.” Link leaned back in his chair. “So, are we all going in there together or?”

“They just want to talk to me.” 
 
“You don’t have to go in there alone you know.” 
 
“I think I’ve risked everyone else’s lives enough as it is.” He smiled back while Link looked unamused. “It’s all right man, they’re after me. Not any of you.”
 
“Yeah but that never stopped you from helping us.” He replied. “You were always there for me, to get me out of trouble, well.” he paused and smiled. “Usually me and Angus.” He said as they both laughed. 
 
“To this day I’m sure Vance and Renir think I stole that pack of cigars and the bottle of whiskey from their office.” 
 
“You had your share man, don’t complain.”
 
“Yeah that’s probably why I was stupid enough to say I took it.”  Alex said, leaning back in his chair. “Does he still come around like he used to?” 
 
“Who Angus? Nah., I think he started catching on that I didn’t really trust him anymore.” Link sighed. “It’s a shame, we had some good times.” 
 
“Yeah, I’d be afraid to admit it to the others, but I miss having him around.” 
 
“Sure, you do, you two were tight. He was closer to you than his own brother.” 
 
“We all were. At one point.” Alex said staring up at the sky. “Wish I knew why he decided to turn the other way.” He stared back down at his phone. 

“Did you try her again?” 

“No, not yet.” 

“Don’t lose hope that quick man.” He got up patting Alex on the shoulder. “She’ll come around.” 
 

 Back in Nashville
 
“I have never had so much fun in my life. Who knew you were such a good dancer?” 
 
“I’m not.” Angus said while unlocking the front door as he helped Maddie inside. “You’re just too drunk to notice.” 
 
“I’m not drunk, I’m hyper.” Maddie sang as she danced through the threshold, throwing her purse toward a table, it ended up sliding across the floor. “Hello poochie!” she squealed as Thorn ran to greet her. “How’s my puppy doin’?” 
 
“I think I’ll go fix something to eat.” Angus called out. “You need food…” he mumbled as he headed toward the kitchen. 
 
All the bad news that Maddie had heard earlier caused her to drink more than ever. Angus had stopped long before she had, knowing he was going to need somewhat of a level head in order to keep up with her. 
 
“Ooo Do you have Chinese food?” she said running into the kitchen after him. 
 
“No… probably just going to fix….” 
 
“Eggs! I want eggs!” 
 
“Maddie, honey why don’t you just go sit down. I’ll fix you something.” 
 
She started rummaging through the pantry. “But I can help!” she called out before the sound of clanging pots and pans crashing against the tile interrupted her. 
 
“No.” Angus said warily. “I don’t think you can.” 
 
“Hey…” Maddie’s eyes widened as Angus pulled her away from the mess in the pantry. “That’s one damn huge liquor cabinet!”  
 
“No! Uh uh! No more alcohol young lady.” 
 
“But just a little?” 
 
“Yeah that’s what you said earlier.” Angus laughed. 
 
“But my heart is broken.” She pouted. “I just found out that my life is completely different from what I thought it was. I mean my Dad…my own Dad lied to me! And---“ she stopped for a moment as she started to cry for real. 
 
“Alex---why couldn’t he just find out what he needed to know and move on? He didn’t have to do all that…” 
 
Angus walked over to her, pulling her into his arms. “It’s going to be okay.” 
 
She looked up at him with pleading eyes. “Can I just have a little more?” 
 
He sighed, angry with himself, why was she actually getting to him? He walked over and unlocked the cabinet. “Knock yourself out.” 
 
“I love you!” Maddie called back happily as he walked back to the refrigerator. Angus stayed silent as he looked for something to eat.
 
“I can make pancakes.” 
 
“Sounds good!” she said walking over, drinking from a large bottle of whiskey. 
 
“Good lord. I’m in for it tonight.” He said as she started laughing. 
 
“I hate this you know? I’m just---I don’t know. I just feel so angry you know?” 
 
“Mmmhm.” Angus half listened to her babbling as he gathered up what he needed. 
 
“I just want revenge; I want someone to pay for how I’m feeling right now. I want---I want him to feel as bad as I do.” She said crying again.  “I want to do something to make him feel as horrible as I do right now.” She said while leaning against the cold refrigerator.

Angus stopped what he was doing and walked over to her, taking the glass bottle out of her hands and setting it on the counter.

“I think I can help you with that.” He grabbed her face with his hands and started kissing her. Maddie didn’t try to back away, she only started kissing him harder as he lifted her up and pushed her against the door of the fridge.

 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Chapter Six
 
 
 
Once they got started, neither of them wanted to stop. Even though they both had that nagging feeling in the back of their minds that what they were doing would not help matters. Maddie wasn’t so far gone that she didn’t realize what she was doing. She just didn’t care at the moment. 
And Angus knew how much Maddie was hurting. He knew it was wrong for him to take advantage of her while she was in such a vulnerable state, but he was sick of wanting her so much and loved that what he was doing would destroy Alex. Perhaps he was doing this to hurt Alex more than he was doing it to satisfy himself. 
They were about to move to a more comfortable area of the house, staggering over to the living room, when Angus’ phone rang. 
“You’re not getting that.” 
“I’m not?” he asked, as he was about to answer. “Ok I’m not.” Angus laughed as Maddie took the phone from his hand and laid it on the table. 
“Maybe I should just check and see who it is.” he said, pulling away from her for a few seconds as the phone continued to ring. Maddie shook her head as she took her hair down. 
Angus gave up. “Fuck it, I have voicemail.” He said aggressively pulling her toward him. They both stopped fooling with zippers and buttons once the phone rang again. 
“Why do things like this always happen to me?” Maddie sighed. 
“Maybe it’s a wrong number? I’ll answer, take care of it and we can move on.” he kissed her quickly before she could respond and grabbed the phone. Feeling sick to his stomach once he saw the number. 
“What is it?” 
“I have to take this.” He said as Maddie scooted off to the other side of the couch. 
“That’s what I was afraid of.” 
“Don’t. Go. Anywhere!” Angus said as he headed for Daniel’s old office. “I’ll just be a few minutes, I swear. Don’t move.” 
“I’ll be right here.” She said back unenthused while fixing her clothes. Smiling only when Thorn wandered over to keep her company. 
“Maybe I just need to get a dog.” She said as he jumped up beside her and laid his head back in her lap. “You understand me better than anyone and I just met you.” She said while scratching behind his ears. “I know, I can find a nice female Doberman and bring her over to play.” she laughed as the dog let out a tiny bark. 
“Oh god.” She said, trying to fight back the nauseated feeling that came on all at once. “I’ll be right back.” She said jumping up and leaving Thorn to find the bathroom. 
Angus paced the floor as he dialed the number back. Checking and double-checking to make sure He locked the door so that Maddie wouldn’t walk in unexpectedly. 
“I’m busy.” He said before anyone even said Hello. 
“I’m sure you are.” Renir chuckled. “And what are you up to my boy?” 
“Is this important?” 
“My calls are always important. I wanted to find out if you had given any more thought to becoming the new leader.” 
“I told you I’m not getting that involved.” His voice lowered as he walked as far away from the door as possible. “I took care of things that one night for Dan, and I’m working on this. All this shit about me being the new leader, I didn’t ask for it.” 
“Hold on, so you don’t want to be the new leader, that’s fine. Although I think you’d be an excellent choice, but I’m sure we can find a replacement. So, how are things advancing with the girl?” 
“They were advancing quite well until you called.” 
“I noticed that you took down the cameras, but not before we saw her there yesterday with you. I’m guessing she’s there now? That’s why you didn’t answer earlier. Oh, That’s right up your alley Angus, consoling Alex’s heartbroken girlfriend.” His laughter turned dark. 
“What did you need Edgar?” He said back angrily. 
“Well, you know, I told Vance, this problem that we have, it could be solved very easily. If we kill the girl off everything’s taken care of. And since you’ve gotten in good with her already, you can just stop the charade and end this tonight.” 
Angus paused for a moment. He didn’t mind getting information for them. And normally he wouldn’t even care about killing someone off if he needed to. But Maddie was different. “You’re going to have to get someone else to do that.” 
“Now little soldier, what’s this? You’re backing down? This isn’t like you at all.” 
“I’m not backing down, I’m finished with killing, that’s all.” 
“It’s just one more, what’s the problem?” 
“No problem, I just don’t want to.” 
“Are you getting feelings for her too? This is fantastic! My two best soldiers can’t take care of one simple mission because of some random female. You realize there will be consequences if you refuse to do this?” 
“I do.” Angus’ voice cracked as he talked. He felt as if he was literally being pulled in two different directions. 
“I don’t understand why this is suddenly so hard for you. I know you haven’t done a mission for us in a while, but this shouldn’t be any different from all the other times. Just walk in there and shoot her, it’ll all be over before you know it. I’ll send some people down…” 
“Wait…just hold on a minute.” he stopped him. Realizing he was going to have to do something before Renir started sending people in. “If I’m going to do this, you’re going to have to let me handle the details. You can’t just walk in and shoot someone. These things take time.” 
“Now that sounds more like it.” He could almost see Renir’s evil smile as he spoke. “I knew you’d come back around.” 
“I mean obviously it was fate that he got a phone call.” Maddie said, back in the living room talking to Thorn once again. 
“We didn’t need to do that and complicate things more. I’m on this horrible rebound and obviously Angus has some issues with Alex…that I don’t really understand.” She thought for a while. Surprised that she was actually able to think clearly, but after her visit to the bathroom she wasn’t feeling as ditzy. 
“I guess it was the right thing to do. To stop.” She said, trying to convince herself that it was true. Her talk with Thorn was interrupted by her phone vibrating in her back pocket. She took it out, staring at the screen in disbelief. 
“Now?” she spoke in a loud whisper without answering the phone. “Now you call?” 
She continued to stare at the screen without making a move. The one opportunity that she had to get the truth out of him was ticking by. And she couldn’t bring herself to answer the phone. 
In a matter of seconds, it stopped. It was over. Quickly she deleted the notification of her missed call and placed the phone back in her pocket. Her stomach started feeling fluttery when she saw Angus walking back into the room. 
“Was it a wrong number?” 
“Huh?” he asked back in a daze. 
“You said that it might have been a wrong number…I guess it wasn’t since you’ve been on the phone for almost an hour…” she yawned. 
“Oh. No, it wasn’t. I’m sorry it took so long---I had some stuff to sort out.” 
“It’s okay, probably for the best, don’t you think?” 
“Yeah.” He said sincerely. “I think so. Hey, I’m sorry about all that earlier.” 
“It wasn’t your fault.” 
“No but you were hurting, and I was taking advantage of that, I shouldn’t have started it.” 
“Well I shouldn’t have drunk so much.” Maddie laughed. 
“Yeah that too.” He smiled as he sat down beside her. “Look I kinda got some bad news.” 
“Oh? How bad?” 
“They need me to take care of some things…some shipments needed signatures and there was some other stuff I needed to take care of.” He sighed. “I have to leave out tomorrow.” 
Maddie felt a twinge of déjà vu. “How long will you be gone?” 
“I don’t know.” He said staring into her eyes; she wondered why he suddenly looked so sad. “Hard to say.” 
“Do you need someone to watch Thorn?” she asked. 
“Nah…” Angus smiled. “I’ll just take him with me, got someone to watch him.” 
“Well then… I guess, I should probably head on home hm? You’ll need your rest.” Maddie said as she started to get up, though she really didn’t want to leave. She was surprised when Angus took her hand. 
“Aren’t you still a little too tipsy to drive Officer?” 
“Probably. How about you? You feeling up to drive me home?” 
“I don’t know. I’m not really feeling the best.” He said truthfully. 
“Well is your driver still around?” she asked, “Maybe he could take me home.” 
“He’s got the rest of the night off, I think he went out himself.” 
“Well---I guess I could call an Uber.” She said running out of options. 
“Why don’t you just stay here? And I don’t mean it like that!” he said as she gave him a strange look. “There are more than enough bedrooms in this place.” 
“It’s no problem for me to call a ride.” 
“I know but…it’s been a long night. You should just crash here and leave out in the morning. Not like you weren’t planning on it, anyway.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“As if you don’t know.” He grinned. “I saw that overnight bag in your backseat.” 
“That was just a precaution.” she said as her face turned every shade of red. “In case I needed to stay.” 
“Uh-huh.” He laughed. “I’ll go make sure there’s a room ready, while you go get your ‘precautionary bag’.” 
 “Well, here ya go.” Angus said opening the door to one of the guest rooms. “This is the only other room with a bed besides my room. But it looks girly enough.” He shrugged. 
“Wow.” Maddie looked around the beautiful room. She could fit her tiny bedroom from the loft right in the middle of it. The carpet looked and felt like it had never been stepped on. “Oh, a sleigh bed, I’ve always wanted one of those.” She walked over to the bed, admiring it. 
“You want it? Not like I really need it.” 
“I’m not taking your furniture; besides it looks expensive.” 
“I’m sure it was, Daniel always overspent.” 
“Well, aside from all his issues, he had great decorating skills.” Maddie smiled. “Looks like something I’d pick out for myself.” 
Angus felt a chill up his spine as she said that. “Yeah…so the bathroom is over there if you need to take a shower or whatever. Make yourself at home. I’m going to hit the sack.” 
Maddie sat down on the extremely soft bed, taking off her shoes. “Thanks Angus, goodnight!” 
“Night.” 
Maddie got what she needed out of her bag and was about to take a shower when the huge walk-in closet caught her eye. Out of curiosity, she walked over and pulled back the sliding doors. To her surprise, she found it full of women’s clothing. 
“Well that’s strange.” She said walking inside. Running her hands along the clothes. She stopped on a black t-shirt and pulled it off the rack. It had a vintage design on it, looked like something Maddie would buy for herself. It was even her size. 
She put it back in its place and started looking through the other shirts, all the same size. She walked over to look at the stacks of jeans on the shelves and froze when realization hit her. 
“Oh my God.” 
The rows of shoes sitting neatly on the floor, all her size. The gorgeous designer dresses, skirts, winter coats, everything was exactly Maddie’s size, and all her style of clothing as well. There were lots of black and gray, nothing too extremely girly. No dangerous high heels. 
Everything in the closet Maddie would have bought for herself if only she could afford it. That was another thing; the clothes were all from designer brands, things Maddie only wished she could buy. 
This was meant to be her room, had Daniel’s plans followed through. 
Maddie hurried out of the closet and shut the door. Had Angus put her in there intentionally? Surely, he hadn’t, why would he have looked in the closet? Like he said, it was the only other room with a bed aside from his room, And ---Daniel’s old room. 
“Okay don’t freak out.” She said to herself. “You’re just spending the night in the room your stalker fixed up for you.” She said in panic. Grabbing her bag, she headed for the bathroom quickly; her new discovery mixed with all the alcohol wasn’t meshing well with her stomach. 
Once she got past all the nausea, Maddie started looking through her bag again. Unzipping the side pocket, she was relieved to see that her pistol was still there. 
“Never hurts to be precautious Angus.” She said, zipping the bag back up. Of course, she didn’t have to stay there, she could call a ride and leave. But would she really be any safer? If Angus was just as crazy as Daniel he’d follow after her, and he’d be angry because she had left. Maddie felt that she was just as safe staying right where she was. At least this time she had a weapon. 
She went to lock the bathroom door before taking a shower and groaned when she saw there wasn’t a lock on the door. But Daniel had designed the room for her so why would there be? Maddie shivered at the thought of it as she pulled back the shower curtain. 
Everything was so luxurious in the bathroom, the showerhead was a huge circle that hung overhead, and it was as if Maddie was showering under her own rain cloud. It was hard not to enjoy it. But she couldn’t escape the haunting feeling she had. She felt like she was right in the middle of a cheesy horror movie’s shower scene. 
Maddie opened her eyes to grab the conditioner when she saw a shadow moving around in the room. She instantly screamed without thinking and peered around the curtain. 
“God, What?” Angus threw the stack of towels in the floor. “Sorry!” he said after they had both caught their breath. “There weren’t any towels in here. I thought—you’d need a towel.” 
“Sorry. I don’t know why I screamed. I—thank you.” She said, embarrassed while Angus continued to stand there. 
“Ok so…sleep well.” He stumbled over his words, and then the pile of towels before he got to the door. Maddie laughed at him, she started feeling a little guilty for thinking the worst. But she still didn’t want to let her guard down completely. 
It was really late by the time Maddie had finally fallen asleep. She tossed and turned for hours, thinking for one minute that Angus was completely safe, and then thinking that it was all an act, wondering if it were safe for her to fall asleep at all. But exhaustion eventually won, though it wasn’t a peaceful sleep. 
Maddie kept having the same nightmare over and over, seeing Daniel’s face, struggling with him, every time he would almost win, she’d wake up. But one time, she didn’t wake up before it was too late. 
“Maddie?” Angus ran into the room. He heard her screams from across the hall and automatically thought Renir had sent someone there. “Hon, wake up, you’re dreaming!” 
“Stop it!” she screamed out, waking herself up. A little shell-shocked to see Angus’ face after all that. Instead of backing away she held onto him tightly. 
“He was going to kill me.” She said crying. 
“He can’t hurt you now.” Angus hugged her. “You’re safe. Why don’t you come on in my room? This room is a little…creepy if you ask me.” 
“Maybe I should just go on home.” 
“Maddie, it’s three in the morning…come on. I’ll be a gentleman I swear.” 
“Fine.” She said back, half asleep but awake enough to grab her bag before she followed him into the other room. 
She almost drifted back to sleep as soon as her head hit the warm pillow; she wasn’t scared when Angus moved closer to her. Just wished she wasn’t so confused at the moment so that she could enjoy the comfort. 
“Hey Angus?” 
“Hmm?” 
“Were you in a car accident or something?” 
“Umm. no why do you ask?” 
Maddie hesitated for a moment. When he had raced into the room and hugged her earlier, she could feel scars on his back, as if he’d had major surgery or a serious injury at one time. 
“I noticed the scars, was just wondering.” 
Angus was quiet for a while. “Long story.” He yawned. “For another time.” 
“All right.” Maddie replied sleepily. “You know, I think I’m going to miss you.” 
Angus smiled with his eyes closed. “Yeah, I think I’ll miss you too. Goodnight Maddie.” 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Seven  
              
Maddie woke up alone the next morning. She looked around the silent room; no one was there. As she got up, she found a note lying on the pillow. 
Lock up for me; keys are next to the door. 
Sorry to leave like this But I didn’t want to wake you. 
Take care of yourself Maddie. 
                                                 ~Angus 
“Hmm... well.” groggily she stuck the note in her bag and quickly changed clothes before heading downstairs. She searched around the foyer until she found her purse, which she had thrown in the floor the night before. 
Maddie grabbed the keys that were hanging next to the door while digging through the side pocket of her purse to check the time on her phone. Closing her eyes in annoyance, she suddenly remembered Jay’s coming home party. She was going to be late if she made it there at all. In a rush, she got in the Firebird and sped down the driveway as she headed to Darryl and Clara’s house. 
“She’ll be here.” Abby said for what felt like the thousandth time. Jay wasn’t convinced. They sat on the front porch of the Jones’ house, watching and waiting. 
“What the hell has gotten into her lately?” he said, pacing the floor. “This isn’t like her at all.” 
“Jay…she’s heartbroken.” She reminded him. “She still hasn’t heard anything from Alex, last time I talked to her, seemed like she had given up.” 
“Alex is busy working on a case. He told her he may not be able to call. She should know that.”  
“Yeah, you’re probably right. But try telling that to someone who’s already certain they’ve been dumped.” Abby told him. 
“There she is!” Clara walked outside, spotting the Firebird over the hill. “See now, all that fuss for nothing. She probably just overslept. Come on inside kids, help me set the table.” 
Abby went on inside with Clara while Jay stayed back and waited for Maddie to pull up. 
“Hey Stranger!” he called out to her. 
Maddie smiled uncontrollably at the sight of Jay standing there, on his own, looking completely healthy and back to normal. “Hey yourself!” she reached out for a hug before she even got to him. 
“Missed you.” 
“Missed you too.” 
“Come on in Jay, Maddie baby…how’ve you been doing?” Clara spoke cheerfully as she babbled on while they walked inside. 
“Good to see you Maddie.” Darryl glanced up from his usual seat at the table. He gave her a knowing look, “Been doing good I hope?” 
“Yeah.” She nodded back to him. “As well as can be expected.” 
He looked at her concerned before going back to filling up his plate. She knew they’d have to talk later. 
“Been taking care of my car?” Jay asked. 
“Yes, I’ve been taking care of our car.” Maddie laughed. “She’s running fine.” 
“Still got your phone off? Tried calling you earlier.” 
Maddie took a bowl of mashed potatoes from Abby and started filling her plate. “Uh, yeah.” She sighed. “I must have turned the sound off again last night. I slept in this morning, had an alarm set, you know me. Always hitting the snooze button.” She shrugged. 
“Actually, the Maddie I know is never late for anything.” Jay replied as the room fell silent. 
“I’m sure I’ve been late a few times in my life Jason.” She passed around another plate of food. “I’ve not been sleeping well. Things are a little stressful right now. That’s all.” 
“You shouldn’t worry too much about Alex, I’m sure he’ll call when he gets the chance.” 
“I’m not worried about him.” Her fork fell against her plate making a loud clanking noise. Everything she’d found out about Alex over the past few days, including what she discovered on her own and the things Angus had told her rushed through her mind. She didn’t want to cast a dark shadow over the happy dinner party her family was having. So, she kept quiet. 
“Me, being late, and forgetful, it has nothing to do with Alex. Really.” She assured him while looking around the table at all the concerned faces. She continued eating but it felt like the walls were closing in and if one more person asked her a question, she would suffocate. 
“I need to be excused.” She spoke up quietly after a few antagonizing minutes. She rose from her seat and headed to the bathroom. The kitchen remained quiet as the others went back to eating. 
“Now just don’t jump to conclusions.” Clara spoke softly before anyone could say a word. 
“Ma, did you not see how bloodshot her eyes were?” Jay whispered. 
“Son there’s other things in this world besides alcohol that can make your eyes red. Staying up all night nursing a broken heart is one.” 
“I’m willing to give her the benefit of the doubt, but we’ve seen her turn to drinking before. I lived through it with her. I know how she was better than any of you. Losing things, being late for stuff…I don’t have to tell you, this isn’t like her.” He turned to Darryl. “Have you heard anything at all from him?” 
“No. Nothing. Honestly, I’m not really expecting to. At least not this quick.” 
“Maybe we should just tell her.” 
“Jason, no.” Darryl demanded. “Whether he comes back or not, Maddie could still be in danger. Telling her right now would only do more harm than good.”  
They all went back to eating once Maddie walked back into the room. Clara patted her hand before she sat down. 
“Honey why don’t you stay with me and Darryl while Jay and Abby are gone on their trip? Would sure love having you here and there’s no reason for you to stay back at the apartment on your own.” 
Maddie started to refuse as usual but thought of staying all alone with so many things rushing through her mind was beginning to worry her. “Ok.” She accepted. “Yeah, sure I’d like that.” 
“That’s good.” Clara beamed and looked over at Darryl. There was more than one way to keep Maddie safe and sometimes it took a mother to figure it out. “The bed in your old room is all made up, you can stay as long as you need to.”  
“Well that takes a huge load off of me.” Jay said relieved. 
“Jay I’m fine really, I don’t want you to worry about me while you all are away.” 
“We’ll always worry about you.” His voice getting caught in his throat a little. “It’s just…honestly. You never lose things, you’re never late for anything…, ever. You’re acting like your mind is on some other planet right now. Like there are a million things going on at once.” 
“Well…yeah there’s some stuff going on.” She shrugged. “Nothing I can’t handle.” 
“Handle it with some alcohol?” he wanted to take it back as soon as he said it, but the damage was already done. Jay was the one person who knew better than anyone else how bad Maddie could get when she turned to drinking to solve her problems. 
“Jason!” Abby said, immediately followed by Darryl glaring at him. 
“I’m sorry, but come on, do you really think I’m stupid here Maddie?” 
“No, I don’t! So, I had a few drinks last night, what’s the big deal?” 
“How dare you say that to me after I’m the one that single-handedly had to sober your ass up all the time?” 
“Jay that’s enough of that now.” Clara scolded. 
“You all don’t understand, she would always try to hide it in front of everyone else, actually you still do that, Alex thought you’d never drunk a drop of alcohol in your life.” 
Maddie stared back at him, trying to appear like she was in shock, trying to make it look like he was wrong, but deep down she knew he was right. “All right Jay, I appreciate the help, but I can take care of myself.” 
“I don’t think you can.” Everyone had stopped eating as the tension brewed between the two of them. 
“I think it’s time you two went outside and talked this out.” Darryl told them. 

Maddie and Jay walked out the front door, standing on the old wooden porch. It brought back memories of when they were told to do the very same thing when they were teenagers. 
“Are you going to tell me what’s going on?” 
Maddie turned away from him as her eyes began to water. “No.” 
“Why not?” 
“Because…you’ll freak out as usual. And you’ll end up staying here instead of going away with Abby…” 
“I think if you need us to stay here Abby will definitely understand. She’s just as worried as I am!” 
“I don’t need you to stay!” Maddie said back frustrated. “What I need for you to do, is to go on to Hawaii and propose to your girlfriend like you’ve always wanted to.” 
“God, Maddie do you honestly think we don’t care about you?” 
“I know you do. And I care about you all. We almost lost you Jay, Abby almost lost you! You don’t need to waste any more time.” 
“Well hey I have the ring in my pocket, I can get this done right now---“  
“No, you’re not!” she stopped him from running back inside. “This is not how you wanted it to happen. You both deserve this trip. Don’t let me ruin it.” 
“How will we ever forgive ourselves if you end up in trouble? Answer that one for me.” 
“I’ll be fine.” 
“Maddie----“ he paused for a moment. “There are things you don’t know.” She could feel the lump beginning to form in her throat once again. 
“Yeah well, there’s plenty that you don’t know either.” She muttered back. 
“Darryl talked to Alex, back when I was in the hospital. He told him some stuff I---” he paused, unsure of where to even begin. “Maddie he was into some crazy shit.” 
“I know.”
“You do?” 
“I know about some of it.” She took a deep breath. 
“Did he tell you?” 
“No Jay…” she hesitated. The last thing Jay needed to hear was that she’d spent the last two days with Daniel’s little brother. “I know he was sent here to find out information about me.” 
“Did you also know he was a trained assassin?” 
“Yeah that too.” She sighed. 
“Darryl seems to think that he still cares about you.” He said as tears started forming in her eyes. “I want to think that but…” he turned away from her as he continued to talk. “That night, when we were kidnapped. I watched him kill a guy without any weapons, just mutilate him.” He said quietly as Maddie’s eyes widened. “I’m just saying, for your sake I hope he really does care about you. Because after what I saw, Alex Stone is not someone I would want on my bad side.” 
 
After dinner, Abby and Maddie were helping Clara clean up while Jay went outside to talk to Darryl. He was still unsure about leaving although he knew Maddie would never allow him to pass up his trip with Abby just to stay there to keep an eye on her. He stepped out on the front porch where Darryl was sitting in an old wooden rocker. They both stared out into the front yard in silence, yet they knew what was stirring in each other’s minds. 
“Are you sure things are under control?” 
“I’m usually the one asking you that.” Darryl replied. “I’m not going to let anything happen to her.” 
“But I could help you if I stayed.” 
“That’ll only make her angry and could cause her to do something reckless.” He reminded Jay. “Alex has been smart enough to try to keep her out of it. I think we should do the same.”
“If anything happens, and I mean anything…” 
Darryl looked up at Jay and saw a heartbreaking desperation in his eyes. This kid, who nearly died on them just a few short days earlier was ready to fight whatever demons they were about to face just to keep his sister safe. It was the same attitude Jay had always had toward Maddie, even when they were younger and weren’t facing this level of darkness. 
“I’ll call you, don’t worry. Just try to relax and have a good time. I have a feeling we’re all going to need a good rest.” He sighed. “To prepare us for what’s about to happen.” 
Back inside the house, Abby peered over her shoulder to see if Clara had left the room. “So, what happened with…you know, the FBI agent?” 
A plate slipped out of Maddie’s hands and fell into the dishwater. “Oh—nothing. He had to go back home.” She said quickly. 
“Hm…so do you still think it’s over between you and Alex?” 
Maddie pretended to concentrate on scrubbing the dishes. “I really don’t know what to think at this point.” 
“What if the other guy had stayed around?” 
“I don’t know. Maybe if we had met at another time. If I wasn’t already on the rebound…maybe something would have happened.” She shrugged and handed off a dish to Abby to rinse. 
“Was he nice?” 
Maddie smiled. “Yeah, and funny. A little crazy.” She laughed and shook her head. 
“A little crazy can be good.” Abby grinned.
“But anyway….” she shrugged. “I guess that’s that.” 
“Sounds interesting. Was he cute?” 
“Ugh, you’re killing me here you know that?” 
“What? I’m just curious. I feel like we haven’t talked in ages.” 
Maddie nodded in agreement, she missed her friends dearly. It seemed like she had been away from them forever although it had only been a few days. “Fine. Yes. He was dreamy.” She exaggerated, rolling her eyes. 
Abby laughed. “Dreamier than Alex?” 
“Uhm…hard to say.” Maddie shook her head. “It’s like they were on two different levels, hard to compare the two. “ 
“Wrong answer!” 
“What? They are! I can’t choose. It’s like apples and oranges, I like both.” 
“You can always choose. Okay, Alex and this mystery guy are standing right in front of you and the world is going to explode if you don’t choose one.” She said as Maddie started laughing. “tic toc…tic….” 
“Alex.” Maddie blurted out, interrupting her. She stared out the kitchen window as all her emotions came crashing down at once. “It’ll always be Alex, whether he comes back or not.” 
“Aw honey…” Abby said wrapping her arms around her in a hug. “It’ll all work out for the best, you’ll see.” 
“Hey, if we’re going to make the plane, we need to leave out now…” Jay said stepping into the kitchen. “Well… if you’re going to miss each other that much---“ he smiled while joining in on the hug. 
Maddie finally pulled away from them, wiping her eyes. “You two have a great time.” 
Jay nodded and quickly kissed her forehead. “Be good.” 
They all walked outside as everyone said their goodbyes before Jay and Abby left for the airport. Maddie hadn’t realized until that very moment how much her life was about to change. Jay and Abby would be married soon, and more than likely they’d be moving out of the loft. For the first time in her life, she was going to be completely alone. And she wasn’t quite sure how she was going to deal with that just yet. 
“So glad you decided to stay with us.” Clara shook her out of her thoughts as she patted Maddie on the arm. “Will be like old times.” She said cheerfully as they walked inside. 
“Yeah, I’m looking forward to it too.” Maddie tried to smile, slightly dazed as she followed Clara into her old bedroom. The twin size bed was still sitting in the center and a few random dolls and other keepsakes were placed on the dresser. 
“May be a little dusty in here, I try to keep the bedrooms cleaned up in case you kids ever want to come back home.” She chuckled as Maddie wandered around the room, looking over her old things before walking back and pulling Clara into a hug. 
“I’m sorry.” She started to cry. “I just needed a hug.” 
“Now you don’t have to apologize for that.” 
 “I don’t know what to do Ma.” Maddie started sobbing as Clara patted her on the back.
“It’s gonna be just fine now, talk to me. Tell me what’s going on.” 
“That’s just it, I don’t know. I don’t know what to believe or trust.” She pulled away from her and wiped her eyes. “It’s like I can’t tell what’s real anymore.”
“Yes, you can.” Clara told her. “It’s all right here.” She patted Maddie’s chest. “You can trust that. It may not always seem right at the time. Might seem a little confusing. But you can trust it. Always.” 
“He’s not coming back.” She sat down on the bed. “I had a feeling that he wouldn’t but…I was hoping it wouldn’t come to that.” 
“He may still come back sugar, he’s working a case. You should know better than anyone how that is.” 
“I’ve found out some things though. Some really bad things I---I’m not really sure now if I want him to come back.” Maddie could hardly believe the words coming out of her own mouth. But it was true, no matter how much she loved him, everything that Angus had told her about Alex made her wonder if love was enough. 
“Well, now that’s up to you. I can’t tell you what to do about that. But I still say, trust your heart.” She patted Maddie’s hand as she stood up. “You’re a smart girl Maddie, you’ll know what to do.” 
“Thank you.” She simply nodded, still confused but also had some reassurance that she’d make the right decision when she needed to. 
 “Now you just get some rest okay. You’ve not been sleeping well, I can tell. Take a nice nap, you’ll feel better. I’ll be right in here if you need anything.”
 

Back in Vegas, the guys had received the call that their former leaders were on their way. They anxiously waited in the hallway at the hotel for Alex to receive a text. He was expected to go alone, but the others insisted on staying in the room across the hall for backup if needed.  
“Why the bloody hell am I always the last one to find out anything?” A highly accented voice echoed throughout the hall. “Yet when you’re needing something Its Toby can I borrow the jet? Hey Toby? Can you set me up with a fast getaway?”
 Alex’s face lit up as he and the other’s approached the rambling Tobias Hermani, puffing away on a cigarette. Alex was lucky to catch him in town, once a Phoenix Solider like the others, Toby was now a successful record producer
 “Appreciate your help, asshole.” Alex smiled, patting him on the shoulder before Link ran over to them. 
 “What the fuck man?” he grabbed the cigarette from Toby’s hand. “You can’t light up in here!” 
“Sorry.” Toby shrugged, paying him no mind as he lit up another one. Lincoln started to walk away exasperated, mumbling something about why they had to bring along the rock star as Toby followed behind. 
“You’re awfully uptight mate, haven’t you tried the meditating I told you about? Here, let me cleanse your aura.” He chuckled.
“You keep your hands off my aura” Lincoln yelled. 
“You’re never going to find peace until you fucking learn to love yourself!” Toby yelled even louder, laughing as Lincoln flipped him off. “So, what’s the plan?” he turned back to Alex. 
 “Nothing yet. They’re on their way here.” 
 “Good mate, the jet’s waiting for you, you’re set to go when you need to.” 
 “Thanks. You sticking around?” 
 “I’m not going to miss the party.” Toby winked. 
 As Toby walked off to talk to some of the others, Alex took out his phone, staring at the picture of Maddie on the lock screen like he had done a million times since he’d been there. 
“Gonna try her one last time?” Jett asked. Alex only looked over at him and back to his phone. 
“Thought about it.” 
“Go ahead.” Jett sighed, giving in this time without a fight.  “I’ll let you know when they get here.” 
Alex wandered back into his hotel room and shut the door behind him. He stared at his phone for what seemed like forever, trying to pull himself together enough to make the call. He wasn’t sure what he was going to say if she answered. He just knew that he needed to hear her voice. 
Maddie had been attempting to take a nap with no luck since Clara left the room. She was looking through her phone when it started to ring. Feeling numb once she saw his name, she hesitantly accepted the call. 
“Hello?”
“Maddie? Oh my god Maddie, love are you alright?”
Hearing his voice triggered the old feelings that she once had for him. Before she knew the truth. With mixed emotions and tears forming in her eyes she answered. “Yes, why wouldn’t I be?” 
Taken aback by the cold tone of her voice, Alex realized she knew something. “Well I, “ he cleared his throat. “I called yesterday and there was no answer.” 
“I know. I’m sorry I missed it.” 
“Oh, ok. So, you’re doing well?” 
“As well as can be expected.” Her voice started to crack a little as she tried to cover up her true feelings. “How’s the case going?” 
“Um It’s fine.” He played along, knowing she was only trying to make him slip up on his story. “Almost have everything sorted so it should be wrapped up in a few days. I can head back then.” 
Warm tears were already covering her cheeks at this point. “Maybe you shouldn’t.” the words escaped her lips before she had a chance to stop them. But it had to be done. 
“What’s that?” 
“Maybe you shouldn’t come back.” She repeated. The silence on the other end was deafening. 
“Look Maddie, I’m not sure what you’ve found out…” 
“I’ve found out enough to let me know that you shouldn’t come back.” She interrupted, no longer restraining her emotions. 
“Is that what you want love?” 
She didn’t expect his response to be so calm. Which made things even more torturous. “It is.” 
“Right. If that’s what you want, I won’t then.” 
She didn’t respond, she couldn’t at that point. For the first time she was calling things off in a relationship, with a person that she never thought she’d have to do that with.  If anything, she always thought it would be him that broke up with her. Despite everything she’d been told there was a part of her that wanted him back there with her right then. 
“Maddie…” he spoke up when the silence was broken by her sobbing. 
“I need to go Alex.” 
“Just let me…” 
“Please, I need to go.” She cried. 
“I’m sorry.” He sighed. “Be careful love.” He said quickly before ending the call. There was a light tapping at the door a few moments after. Alex walked over to let Jett inside. 
“They’re here.” He stepped in the room, taken aback by the sight before him. He’d seen Alex in a depressed state before. All the guys had witnessed each other at their lowest point over the years. But it never got any easier. Especially when Jett knew how strong Alex was. 
“What happened brother?” 
“I’m not sure.” Alex shrugged his shoulders. “She’s found out something. I don’t know how or…what.” He paused turning away from him. “She told me not to come back.” 
“Al, listen, everyone else, they’re not like us. It takes a while for our way of life to register with them. She’s probably just shell-shocked right now man. Give it some time. She’ll come around.” 
“You didn’t hear her, the way she said it.” He sank down on the bed, head in his hands. “It’s like each time I try to move forward with her I take ten steps back. So many times, I wanted to tell her about all this, and I kept putting it off until I’ve dug myself into this hole that I can’t get out of.” 
“So, you’re stuck down in a hole while someone’s shoveling dirt on your head? What do you do?” 
Alex sat in silence as he allowed the words to sink in. “You shake the dirt off and step up.” 
Jett smiled. “Come on you crazy Brit.” he gave Alex a hug as he stood up. “You got this. Let’s go take care of these guys, then we’ll work on getting your girl back.” 





            
Chapter Eight


Alex stood at the door of the hotel room where he would face his biggest threat. Jett and the others were in the room right across the hall, ready to step in if needed. Taking a moment to compose himself, he knocked on the door. 

“Alex.” Joss Vance opened the door. He peered out into the hallway. “You’re alone?” 
 
“As you requested.” 
 
“Come on in.” the older man gestured as Alex walked inside. He looked around the empty hotel room. 
 
“Where’s Renir?” 
 
“He stayed back home. I thought it would be best if I came alone. Edgar---well you know how he gets. We don’t always see eye-to-eye on everything. He wants to take a more, what’s the word… sadistic approach? I guess you could say.  Please, have a seat.” They both sat down at a table. “How’ve you been?” 
 
“How’ve I been?” Alex replied bitterly.  “Fine, until you tracked me down.” 
 
“Oh now, things haven’t turned out that bad have they? No one has been in any real danger.” 
 
“Yet.” Alex replied. “So, what do you need from me that’s so pressing you had to kidnap the others to get my attention?” 
 
Vance sighed. “It’s not that big of a deal really Alex, we just need you to finish the job. Since we lost Daniel, unfortunately.” 
 
“Self-defense.” he shrugged, showing no emotion. “That’s what we always say, right?” 
 
“Regardless, the job needs to be completed.” 
 
“Look, as I told Daniel, I haven’t found anything about this presumed money left for Maddie. I don’t think it even exists.” 

“Oh, it exists, I promise you that. Only Daniel didn’t have all the details.” He paused for a moment as Alex gave him a confused look.

“When we first put him on the case, we only wanted him to get information about Ms. Conley. We mentioned the money but didn’t tell him the full amount. Later we realized how unstable Daniel had become with his obsession. We knew we couldn’t trust him with the truth. There’s no telling what he might have done.”
 
“As opposed to what he actually did?” Alex snapped back and stood up when Vance started to respond. “No, you look down on me for killing Daniel. He drugged her, had her beaten half to death, Joss... he was about to rape her when I walked in.” 
 
“And if he had known the truth things could have been far worse than that!” he yelled back, causing Alex to sit back down. “As I said. The money does exist. That girl’s father, Mike Conley was our investor. As you may know, He funded the Phoenix Academy, one hundred percent. And when we parted ways it wasn’t on good terms.” 
 
“You know, that’s something I really don’t understand, and sorry to interrupt.” Alex replied sarcastically. “But you weren’t crazy about the idea of turning all us kids into killers at first, and Maddie’s Dad clearly wasn’t…why did you end up going along with Renir?” 
 
“Edgar has been my friend for many years, you don’t turn your back on a friendship like that.” 
 
“But two against one, you could have brought him down.” 
 
“Could have but didn’t. And in the end, I’m pleased with the outcome. Now, if you’ll let me continue... Mike had a small percentage of all Phoenix’s income going into an account he had set up for his daughter. It wasn’t a huge amount, so we didn’t kick against it at the time, since he was our partner and we assumed all that would end once the girl turned eighteen.” 
 
“Only, it didn’t end. It became a much larger issue after that. See, Mike never tried to get back at us; he never showed any signs of revenge, never turned us in. No…” Vance smiled a little as he thought to himself. “He decided he’d haunt us from beyond the grave.” 
 
“What do you mean? I thought Conley was working undercover for the feds to turn you all in? That was the whole reason for killing him wasn’t it?” 
 
“That’s what you’ve been told, which in turn, is what the police chief had been told to cover up Mike’s true involvement with us. He wasn’t working undercover. If he had, they would have found out that he had funded our entire operation, making him just as guilty as we were.” 
 
“No, he was determined to take us down all on his own. And he succeeded. The account he set up for Maddie, we don’t know where it is for one thing. No clue at all where the bank is located, what state, country…nothing.  Once she turned eighteen it stopped taking a small percentage out and started taking out a third. Of everything we bring in, Every last cent. And there’s nothing we can do about it.” 
 
Alex’s eyes widened. “So, you’re saying for the past ten years a huge chunk of money has been going into some random bank account with Maddie’s name on it?” 
 
Vance nodded with a miserable look on his face. “With interest.” 
 
Alex couldn’t say anything as he tried to calculate things in his head. “How much would that end up---“ 
 
“I’ve lost count by now, but it’s safe to say that Miss Conley could very well be one of the richest young ladies in the world.” 
 
Alex couldn’t believe it. He had to struggle to keep from smiling. For the first time the two people that had made his life a living hell, were actually in need. They were the ones who were powerless here, not him, and definitely not Maddie. 
 
“So, what is it that you’re wanting me to do?” 
 
“We’re needing this activity to be stopped. Unfortunately, Ms. Conley is the only person that can do that.” 
 
“Oh, come on now Joss.” Alex smiled a little. “You’re telling me with all your trained soldiers you can’t hack into this account or seize the bank that’s holding the money?” 
 
“That’s exactly what I’m telling you, don’t you think we’ve already tried that? We can’t do anything without her permission.” 
 
“And you’re wanting me to ask her to hand over the money to you all?” Alex asked, playing dumb and loving the fact that Vance was beginning to get frustrated with him. 
 
“No.” he glared at him as he leaned up in his chair. “Don’t think we’re unaware of how close you’ve gotten to your subject Alex. I know what you’re thinking. I know you have a plan forming in your head as we speak. You’re think you’re going to run back to Tennessee, tell her everything and the both of you run away with all the money on some Bonnie and Clyde adventure.” 
 
“I’m sure your plan is different.” Alex emotionlessly stared him down. “What would you have me do?” 
 
“Now that you have all the details, we need you to find out all you can about this account and then bring the girl to us.” 
 
An eerie silence filled the small space as Alex’s emotionless glare turned to anger. “You expect me to bring Maddie to you? To turn over the one person I care about to a bunch of thieves, so that they can take her fortune away?” 
 
“So, you disagree?” Vance asked, now taking on the sarcastic attitude. 
 
“I’d rather stay on the run for the rest of my life than to have her do that. You deserve everything that’s come to you.” 
 
“I thought you’d feel that way.” Vance stood up to grab a something from the nearby nightstand. “That’s why I brought leverage.” He slid a thick folder across the table to Alex. 
 
“What’s this?” he asked, not bothering to open it up. 
 
“Leverage.” Vance smiled. “It’s your file. Everything we have on you.” 
 
“You’re going to turn me in?” Alex almost laughed. “Is that it? You’re the one that taught me how to hide from the authorities in the first place.” 
 
“We’re not going to turn you in Alex, we don’t do that as long as you’re working for us. You know that.” 
 
“Then what is this for?” 
 
“Open it and see for yourself. The first page has all the information about your very first kill. The man you assassinated for us.” 
 
Alex coldly pushed the folder away. “I’m not interested.” 
 
“Oh, I think you are.” Vance pushed it back. “Open it. You’ll understand why.” 
 
Alex slowly pulled back the cover of the folder. A lump formed in his throat, as he glanced over the first page, not sure what he was supposed to be looking for at first. Not until he looked at the victim’s name. Then it all became clear. 
 
A flurry of papers flew through the air as Alex jumped up from his seat, he started to head for the door, wiping away the tears in his eyes so that he could see. 
 
“You’re not leaving, are you?” Vance asked, still as calm as ever. 
 
“I don’t believe you!” Alex yelled back angrily. “That can’t be true!” 
 
Vance got up and walked over to him. “I have no reason to lie to you Alex, you killed Mike Conley.” 
 
“No!” he walked away as Vance got closer. “It was you. You made me do it!” 
 
“You were the one to pull the trigger son, it’s all there in black and white. Would be a pity for that information to fall into the wrong hands.” 
 
Alex sank down on the floor, his stomach in knots. All he could see was Maddie’s face, the devastation she’d have in her eyes if she found out the truth. All the pain she felt her entire life from losing her father, he’d caused it. He felt as if his heart was literally tearing into shreds. 
 
“Do we have your cooperation?” Vance asked callously a few minutes later. 
 
“How do I know you’re not going to end up telling her anyway?” 
 
“Because I keep my word.” He held his hand out to help Alex up off the floor.  Alex refused and stood up on his own. 
 
“What if I decide to tell her myself? Then what leverage do you have? I’ll lose her but at least she won’t lose the money her Dad left for her.” 
 
“If you’re crazy enough to do that, fine.” Vance shrugged. “It’s your choice. But we’re going to get this resolved one way or another. We do have another option; I was hoping to avoid going that route but if you leave us no choice.” 
 
“What’s the other option?” 
 
“Everything will go back to normal in the event of her death.” 
 
Alex charged forward, taking out the small handgun he had hidden on him and held it to Vance’s chest. 
 
“You’ll have to fucking go through me first.” 
 
“Alex.” Vance backed away nervously. “I said that was our option if we didn’t have your cooperation. Surely we can work out something.” 
 
Alex cocked the gun. “Give me one damn reason why I should trust any word coming out of your mouth! Why wouldn’t you kill her? That’d be the easiest way to get your money back. “
 
Vance stared at the end of the gun now in his face. “Maybe because we know that’d piss you off?” 
 
“You have no idea.” Alex said back, about to lose all sanity. This was his chance; he could at least remove one thorn from his side. 
 
“Can we sit back down and talk about this?” Vance pleaded seeing the fury in his eyes. He knew things weren’t looking good for him. 
 
“Why? You’re holding all this over my head. If I help you, Maddie loses everything. If I don’t help you, I lose her. The way I see it, this could solve everything.” 
 
“Killing me won’t solve any of your problems, it’ll only make things worse. For you and your girlfriend.” 
 
“Maybe so. But I’ll at least have you out of my way.” 
 

 
 
 
 
Across the hall, the others were getting restless, waiting to hear something from Alex when there was a knock at the door. 
 
“Damn it.” Cowboy exclaimed as he opened the door and saw another one of their friends Evan Shaw standing there instead of Alex. 
 
“Dude, what the hell? Is that a way to greet someone?” 
 
“We were hoping you were Alex.” 
 
“Sorry about that. Loser.” Evan added in, walking past him. 
 
“Asshole.” Cowboy muttered shutting the door back. 
 
“You smell like cows.” 
 
“You just smell, period.” 
 
“Nice to see that you two still get along.” Jett yelled over them. 
 
“He started it!” they both said in unison. “No, I didn’t! Shut up!” 
 
“Did you find Maddie?” Jett asked. 
 
“Yeah.” Evan swiped through his phone. “And I hope you all will remind Alex to not kill the messenger.” He sighed. “He’s not going to be happy.” 
 
The others gathered around Evan to look at the pictures. “Was she in trouble?” Shawn asked. 
 
“No, she seemed to be fine. Just not keeping the best of company.” He held up his phone to show them pictures of Maddie and Angus at the Mexican restaurant. 
 
“Aw shit we should have known that asshole would be there for his brother’s funeral.” Jett said. 
 
“What funeral?” Toby asked. “Dan’s? Dan is dead?” 
 
“Where the hell have you been man?” Link asked. 
 
“Like I said, nobody bloody tells me anything, I just provide the transportation, damn it all to bloody hell.” 
 
Link ran over to him as Toby pulled out his pack of cigarettes again. “Would you stop lighting up in my hotel! Maybe if you’d pay attention you wouldn’t miss everything.” 
 
Suddenly all the yelling and chatter stopped, the hotel room fell completely silent. No one wanted to move or find out the result of the loud gunshot that just echoed from across the hall. They all hurried into the hallway after the shock from the gunshot wore off, breathing a sigh of relief when Jett opened the door and saw that Alex was still alive, standing over Vance’s dead body. His hand still firmly gripped around the gun’s handle.
Toby made his way inside the room, staring at the bloodied corpse on the floor. “So that’s what a dead bastard looks like eh?” 
“Alex?” Jett cautiously walked over and took the gun away from him. “It’s all right man.” Shawn got Alex a chair as they helped him to sit down. 
“No, it’s not.” Alex said after a few minutes. “Guys, I’m sorry.” 
“What are you sorry about?” Lincoln asked. “We all have been begging you to take this guy out for years.” 
“Yes, and this is just going to make things that much harder for all of us.” 
“Then we fight back.” Jett told him. “We’re all in this together. Don’t forget that.” 
“What I want to know…” Graham walked through the strewn papers on the floor. “Is what did he say to piss you off?” 
“I don’t even know where to start.” Alex’s mind was a jumbled mess; he couldn’t think clearly and was beginning to feel numb all over. 
Cowboy looked up at him from the floor where he was gathering up some of the papers. “Does this have anything to do with it?” he said holding up the file sheet that told about Maddie’s Dad. 
Alex nodded. “Yeah…that’d be a huge part of it I reckon.” He felt a stabbing pain with every shocked expression from his friends as the paper was passed around the room. 
“So, they’re blackmailing you.” Jett threw the file down angrily. 
“Well, Vance isn’t anymore.” Alex tried to laugh. “But yeah…that’s the plan. “ 
“Into doing what exactly?” 
Alex’s eyes kept going back to the body still lying in the middle of the floor. It was hard for him to concentrate on anything else but that. 
“Hey…why don’t we get him in the other room.” Graham said, catching on to Alex’s discomfort. “Somewhere less disturbing.” 
As they started for the door Alex took another look back. “God, Link I’m sorry---I’ll pay you for the cleanup.” 
“You think this is the first dead body I’ve had here?” Lincoln asked. “It’s all right man. We can take care of this.” They went back to the room across the hall. As soon as Alex was away from the ungodly sight, his mind started to focus on what needed to be done. 
“They wanted me to bring Maddie to them.” 
“So, she really has the money?” Cowboy asked. 
“Umm…actually it’s a bit more complicated now.” Alex took a deep breath before he continued. “Maddie’s Dad set up a bank account for her. A hidden bank account, no one knows where it’s located. For the past ten years, a third of all of Phoenix’s profits have been automatically going into that account. Yeah.” He nodded as all the guys suddenly had shocked expressions. 
“From what I understand, it’s not been touched. Just sitting there, gaining interest as we speak.” 
“That’s a shitload of money.” Toby broke the silence. 
“And does she know about all this?” Jett asked. “Honestly Alex, does she?” 
“I don’t know! I say she doesn’t but, what if I’m wrong? I need to get her somewhere safe, so that I can talk things over with her…” he paced the floor as the plan started forming in his head. “Tink, get Julian on the phone, and it had better be a safe line.” 
“Got it.” Tinky nodded. 
“I’ve got to get Maddie out of the country, at least until I can get my head straight. Actually, I need to get there now…” he headed for the door. “She could already be in trouble.” 
“Hold up man, Maddie’s fine!” Jett called out. Alex turned and noticed for the first time that Evan was there. 
“You saw her? Is she okay?” 
“Yeah, she was fine when I left.” Evan told him. “But---“ 
“But what?” Alex asked anxiously. 
Evan looked around at his friends nervously. “Angus was there.” Alex spun around and quickly charged for the door. It took nearly all the guys to stop him from leaving. 
“A, we need to know what all you want us to do.” Jett aked. “While we still have time. They don’t know Vance is dead yet.” 
“I’ve got the line as secure as it’s going to get.” Tinky told him. 
“Just tell Julian that Maddie and I are on our way there. Keep the news about Vance a secret as long as you possibly can to buy me some time. I need to get her someplace safe. Vance was just wanting to make a deal with her, wanting her to hand over the money. Renir wants to kill her.” He turned to Jett. “Take care of things, I’ll stay in touch.” 


 Chapter Nine 

The smell of fresh brewed coffee and a home cooked breakfast woke Maddie up early the next morning. She grabbed her old favorite throw blanket and wrapped it around her shoulders as she walked into the kitchen. Darryl looked up at her from the table. 
“Mornin’ kid. Clara left out a few minutes ago to see her sister. Breakfast is on the stove.” 
“How’s she doing?” Maddie asked while filling up a plate. 
“Not much better. How about yourself? Did you get any rest?” 
“A little, I think I eventually just fell asleep from exhaustion.” 
“Want some coffee?” 
“It smells great.” She smiled. “But no thanks.” 
“You still can’t drink it huh?” he smiled as she sat down across from him. Maddie looked at him confused. 
“I just don’t really care for it.” 
“Because you used to make it all the time.” 
She thought back for a moment while eating. Remembering how she learned to make coffee for her dad after her mom passed away, when she was barely five years old. “Yeah, every morning.” 
“Mike always said you made the best coffee on the block.” He chuckled. 
“Never really thought of it that way, but I guess that’s why I don’t care for it now.” She replied, while picking at her food. 
“It’s little things that stick in our memories like that. Causes us to do things we don’t understand.” He said before taking a drink. “Strange how it all works.” Maddie nodded in agreement. 
“Are you doing okay though?” he asked after several minutes of silence. “You know you can talk to me about anything.” 
She continued eating, wanting to talk about the phone call she got from Alex the night before but at the same time, not wanting to bring it up. She tricked herself into thinking maybe if she didn’t acknowledge it, it would be as if it never happened. Maybe that would at least help her to cope. But Darryl wasn’t going to back down and she knew the look in her eyes already gave him some indication that something was up. 
“No. Actually I’m not. Alex called last night.” 
“Did you talk to him?” 
“Yes, I…I told him not to come back.” 
Darryl sat back in his seat. “Maddie, there’s some things you don’t know.” 
“Like how he was working with Daniel? How he transferred files from my laptop over to Daniel’s computer? How he’s part of some crazy group of hired assassins? Is that what you’re talking about? Because I’ve heard plenty.” She spat out before pushing her plate of food aside. “You knew about all of this didn’t you?” 
“Most of it.” He sighed at her discontent. “Elliot gave me most of the information, I got the rest from Alex that day at the hospital. He didn’t want me to tell you, Maddie it was for your own good.” 
“To torment me? Confuse me? That was for my own good? How could you even go along with all this Darryl? He was practically sent here to kill me!” 
“Madelyn, no. Now just where are you getting this information?” he asked catching her off guard. 
“I went to Daniel’s a few days ago with Carlos and Ricky.” There it was, that dreaded look from him of absolute disproval. “I pretended to be an FBI agent. And started talking to Daniel’s younger brother.” 
“You did what?” 
“He was there, I took the opportunity while I had the chance. Angus isn’t like Daniel.”
“Oh, you’re certain of that?” 
“At least he told me the truth. It’s more than what anyone else has done.” 
“Is that where you were at those two days? With him? Lewis’ kid brother?” he asked, getting more and more dissatisfied with each question. “How could you be so irresponsible Maddie?” 
“I was trying to get answers and that’s exactly what I got.” 
“At the risk of getting yourself killed. Is he involved in all this too?” he asked, taking her silence as an answer. 
“I trust him Darryl.” 
“You can’t afford to trust anyone right now.” 
“Including Alex? Jay told me you thought he cared about me. What makes you think that after everything he’s done?” 
He took a deep breath, trying to explain himself to her when she was so hotheaded would be impossible. “The day you two went fishing, he talked to me while you were inside. Baby, he wanted to fix things, but he was in over his head. He wanted to tell you, but he knew you’d get too involved and it’d be too dangerous. Look at me.” He said as she couldn’t stand to look him in the eyes any longer. “Do you think I would tell you to trust him if I had any doubts? That was a broken man I talked to that day. I know that feeling.” 
He got up from the table to put his dishes away. “You need to take a step back from all this and give him time to explain things to you. Get the whole story first before you make any decisions.” Maddie walked over to where he was standing at the sink. “He loves you baby. I may not know everything about what’s going on here, but that I know for sure.” 
Maddie practically fell into his arms in a hug while crying into his shoulder as realization hit that maybe she didn’t do the right thing after all. “I love him too.” She cried while Darryl held onto her tighter. “I want him to come back, I wanted him to come back when I told him not to. What have I done?” 
“I have a feeling he’ll come back anyway.” 


She wiped her eyes looking out the kitchen window. She needed to take a few minutes to clear her mind. “I think I’ll go for a walk.” 
“Might rain soon. Sure, you want to get out in that?” 
“I won’t be long.” She walked toward the front door, knowing she needed to get away from it all before she started breaking down. 
Maddie walked down the lonely dusty road until she reached a familiar pathway. The hemlocks had taken over since she’d been there last; most people used the main highway entrance instead of the tiny narrow trail she was taking. Walking up the hill she took a deep calming breath when she could see the tops of the headstones in the graveyard. 
She stopped in front of a matching pair, side-by-side. Kneeling down she rearranged the fallen over angel figurines on her mom’s grave. Her eyes then drifted over to her Dad’s headstone as she pulled away some weeds growing in front of it. 
“I know it’s been a while; I didn’t know where else to go.” She said quietly. 
“I feel like I’m losing my mind, once again.” She sighed. “How many times can I feel this way before I have a nervous breakdown? I just---I feel so alone.” She stood up and continued talking. “So completely alone. When I lost you all, I had Jay and when I lost Ethan---Jay and Abby…” she started pacing back and forth. 
“This time I have no one. I know Jay and Abby are still here for me and always will be, but I can’t depend on them forever, they have their own lives.” She paused suddenly when she noticed her steps were getting faster. “I feel like I’m losing my way. I don’t even know who I am anymore.” 
Maddie knelt back down on the ground and continued to stare at her Dad’s grave. The longer she looked at it, the angrier she felt. 
“How could you do this to me? To Mom? Were you lying to her too? Did she have any idea what you were up to while you were gone for weeks at a time?” she stopped as a million conclusions raced through her mind. 
“Were you even a cop? I mean I don’t know what to believe anymore. So far, I’ve found out that my entire life has been a lie. Apparently, I was stalked by Daniel because you left me this insane amount of money that I know nothing about…And you helped to fund this school for future assassins? Who cares if you backed out of it…? When did you have the money to fund anything?” 
“I don’t know what to believe or who to trust and I feel like every step I take is always in the wrong direction.” she said in frustration as she started to cry. 
She was nearly at her breaking point. Wondering if she’d ever be able to work on another case again without falling apart. And wondering if she’d ever make any sense out of her father’s past and all the lies and secrets. But most of all, she was wondering if she’d ever find happiness again. 
Maddie stood up and looked over across the field as the cool wind started to blow as it often does before a storm sets in. Then what appeared to be thousands of European starlings swept up from the hillside into a whimsical formation. The countless number of blackbirds circled around in the sky and faded from her sight almost as quickly as they appeared. She felt a chill as her hair stood up on end before turning around when she heard a car pull up in the gravel driveway behind her. 
Staring at the car wide-eyed, she glanced back up at the sky right as the dark clouds started moving in and the rain began. Like someone opening up the floodgates, the rain started pouring down obstructing her view, but she could still make out the figure getting out of the car in a hurry. 
“Alex?” 
They ran toward each other and Maddie jumped up to wrap her arms around his neck. “I thought I’d never see you again.” Maddie cried, pulling away from him and touching his face. “I’m so sorry for what I said, I was so scared you wouldn’t come back.” 
“I never listen.” He smiled back at her before they kissed.  
“You’re really here?” she said staring into those beautiful eyes of his and getting lost all over again. 
“Yes, I’m really here.” He said looking up. “And we should get in the car.” 
“I’m sure by now you know something’s up.” He said after they were out of the rain. “I need to get you someplace safe.” 
“They’re coming after me, aren’t they?” 
“If they aren’t already, they will be soon. After both of us actually.” He sighed while backing out of the cemetery’s drive. “I need to know something first. Do you still trust me?” 
Maddie hesitated for a moment; thinking back to everything Angus had told her and then quickly pushing it all aside. “Yeah—yeah of course I do.” 
Alex gave her a disbelieving look. “I completely understand if you don’t, I’ve not exactly given you any reason at all to trust me.” 
“No, Alex I do. Honestly, I mean you came back. And also, if you wanted me dead, I already would be by now, right?” 
“Yeah…I suppose.” He said back wearily. “I just don’t want you to feel unsafe around me. I love you too much to let that happen. I’d find another way to keep you safe if you didn’t trust me.” 
“Well then that’s all the assurance I need.” Maddie smiled at him, holding his hand. 
“I’ll take you back to the loft so that you can pack some things. I’ve got a plane waiting for us---“ 
“Private jet?” Maddie asked, suddenly noticing that she was riding in the Jaguar she’d seen on Alex’s file. “So, what happened to the rental?” she joked. 
“Yes, a private jet, it belongs to a friend.” He added. “And this is my car. I had a friend leave it nearby.” 
“Yeah I saw your traffic violation.” 
Alex laughed loudly. “Checking up on me eh? That’s what I get for dating a cop. It’s all right, you did the right thing.” He placed his hand on her lap. “I’m going to explain everything, but I’d rather wait until I know we’re safe...which reminds me…” he dug around in the side door compartment and handed her a phone. “Here’s a new phone.”
“Okay.” She said looking her new phone over. “Why’d you give me this?” 
“Your other phone was bugged.” He said as Maddie looked at him strangely. 
“But you gave me that phone.” 
“Yes, I did.” He stared straight ahead at the road. “I’m sorry.” 
Bewildered, Maddie sank back in her seat. “I should probably call Darryl and Clara.” 
“I already did. They told me where to find you. Darryl knows what’s going on.” 
“At least someone does.” Maddie stared out the window. They drove the rest of the way in silence. She really wasn’t sure if she wanted to know all the details or bring up what she already knew. 
When they got to the loft, Alex noticed the covered-up bike as soon as they pulled up. He kept staring at it while they got out of the car, the huge black tarp completely hiding it. 
“At least I didn’t run it off a cliff, God knows I wanted to.” Maddie said as she hurried inside. Alex only blinked and shook his head at that as he followed her into her room. 
“So, what all do I need to take---“ Alex held his hands up to silence her as he looked around the room, as if he were scanning the area for something. “What are you doing?” she whispered. 
He grabbed a chair and climbed up to the air vent directly above her window, tearing away the metal frame before digging around inside until he found what he was searching for. A tiny security camera was pulled from the wall and thrown to the floor. 
”That should be the only one.” He stepped down as Maddie stared at the broken pieces of metal in horror. 
“That’s very reassuring.” She said outraged. “Did you---“ 
“No, I didn’t put it there, but I knew it was here. Just wasn’t sure where it was...” 
Maddie stared back at the broken vent; the camera had been there the whole time, in her bedroom? “I think I’m going to be sick.” 
“No time for that, gotta pack.” He said opening the closet. 
“All right, so where are we going and for how long?” 
Alex grabbed an armful of clothes and handed it to her. “I don’t want to say, and I don’t know. That was probably the only camera, but there could be bugs anywhere in here.” He said quietly. 
“Wonderful.” Maddie threw the pile of clothes on the bed. “So, I should just pack as if I’m running for my life, right?” 
“Pretty much, yeah.” Alex moved out of her way. 
“I may need to stop by the bank…” 
“We don’t have time for that.” 
“Alex! I don’t have much cash on me right now, if I’m going to be gone for God knows how long I may need to get some extra money!” 
“I’ve got it covered.” 
“I do have a little bit of money; you don’t have to pay for everything you know.” 
Alex tried not to laugh at the thought of how much money she actually had. “Really…it’ll be okay Maddie. You have a passport, right? Just in case we may need it?” 
“Yeah…” she paused and looked at him strangely. 
“Good, I have to go make some calls, be out as soon as you can.” He said. 
Maddie rushed to grab her old luggage set from the closet and started piling clothes in it before running to the bathroom to grab all the other things she’d need or thought she would need…she knew she would end up forgetting half of it. She couldn’t think clearly enough to remember everything. 
“What am I doing?” she stared at her reflection in the bathroom mirror. “This is insane.” She said taking a deep breath and throwing the last of her necessities into a bag. Alex was already inside, grabbing the rest of her luggage. 
“Ready to go?” he asked as they both stood in the doorway, as happy as she was to have him back, there seemed to be an awkward wall in-between them. Maybe it was just because they were in a rush and he couldn’t safely explain things just yet, but Maddie felt like there was more to it than that. 
“Yeah, I’m ready.” She said. Taking one last look back before heading to the car. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
“I know, I was looking forward to spending time with Clara too. Yeah, I will, As soon as I can…. I’ll try.” Maddie sighed as she talked on the phone with Darryl. 

“So, my story checks out okay?” Alex asked her after she’d said her goodbyes and ended the call. 
 
Maddie was too busy looking over her new phone to notice the tone his voice was taking.  “Hm, What story? What are you talking about?” 
 
“You called Darryl, because I told you I had already contacted them…. I’m guessing you wanted to make sure?” 
 
“Nooo…” she looked back at him strangely. “I wanted to say goodbye…I don’t know when I’ll be seeing them again, or if I’ll be seeing them again. “ 
 
“You will. I promise you that.” 
 
“Well anyway, that’s why I called them. Not because I didn’t believe you. Why are you acting like this?” 
 
“Like what?” 
 
“Like this! Acting as if I don’t trust you anymore.” 
 
“Because I’m not sure if you do.” He said solemnly, staring at the road, never turning to look at her. “You didn’t want me to come back, there had to be a reason for that.”
 
She remained silent, wishing she could take back what she said. “I was confused then. I shouldn’t have said that.” She sighed. “Look. I agreed to run away with you to God knows where---What else can I do to prove that I trust you?” 
 
He cut her off. “Just forget it Maddie. It’s something I have to work out myself.”. 
 
She turned to stare out the window again. “Can you tell me where we’re going now or is it still not safe to talk?” 
 
“We’re going to Venice.” 
 
“As in Italy Venice?”
 
“Yes. Remember I told you about Julian? His resort, it’s highly secured. They’ve even had royalty stay there, so you know no one’s getting in that aren’t supposed to be.  I thought we could hide out there until we figure out our next step.” 
 
“So, I take it we don’t already have a plan?” Maddie asked bleakly. 
 
“I’m working on it.” He glanced back at her. “You’re going to be okay love; I’m not going to let anything happen to you.” 
 
Maddie’s eyes wandered back to the window, as she watched all the familiar places pass her by. It haunted her to think that she may never drive down those familiar streets again. 
 
“Where did you go?” she asked him while still staring out the window. “When you left.” 
 
“I went to Vegas, well…Houston actually, then drove to Vegas from the airport.” 
 
“Were you meeting up with someone or what?” 
 
“The call that I got the day before I left, it was from Jett. He and our friend Cowboy had been captured by the Phoenix soldiers…” 
 
“I thought Jett was at the Air Force base?” 
 
“He was.” Alex replied grimly. “They got past security.” 
 
“Oh, well. That’s comforting.” 
 
“They managed to get away.” He continued.  “Jett knew it was all a hoax to get my attention. They were in Houston when he called, I was supposed to meet up with them there but, they were followed so I stayed at the airport and waited for Shawn and Graham to pick me up, then we left for Vegas.” 
 
“So, what happened in Vegas?” she asked, seeing the smile on his face, she already knew what his answer would be. “Oh, don’t even, don’t say it.” 
 
Alex shrugged while laughing. “It stays in Vegas.” He said while Maddie rolled her eyes. “What? I couldn’t pass that up, you set that one up perfectly. 
 
A smile crept up on her face as she looked around the car. By the way he was changing the subject, she decided now wasn’t the right time to talk about what all had went down. Plus, she was enjoying the sound of his laughter too much to discuss important stuff.

 “So how rich are you exactly?” she joked. 
 
“Ha!” Alex laughed again, patting her leg. “Well, I guess I can say I’m comfortable. Of course, it’s pocket change compared to what some people have.” 
 
“Sure…” Maddie just nodded. “We’re driving in a brand-new Jag to fly away to Venice on a private jet…” 
 
“Hey, the jet’s not mine.” 
 
“Oh sorry.” She laughed. “But the car is, right?” 
 
“Yes.” He glanced back at her suspicious look. “Oh, come on, I didn’t steal it! The registration is in the glove box…go on and look at it.” 
 
“It’s all right, I believe you.” She said, not really sure how to read him. Was he still joking around or actually being serious? 

“I know you aren’t a thief Alex. I’m just playing with you, you know. Making conversation.” 
 
“I know love, it’s just….” He looked over at her as they stopped at a red light. They held each other’s stare until the light turned green. “It’s nothing.” He turned away and continued driving. 
 
Maddie sank back against her seat. She was growing tired of biting her tongue. “This really isn’t the time for us to be keeping secrets.” 
 
There was that nagging stabbing pain in his heart again. “No. I suppose not.” 
 
“So, tell me what’s bothering you.” 
 
“What isn’t bothering me?” he said back quietly. Stalling as he tried to think of where to begin. “I don’t know, for one I feel like you may have gotten some false information about me.” He looked back at her, as it was now Maddie’s turn to be uncomfortably silent.  “I know that you’ve talked to Angus.” 
 
Maddie simply nodded, while contemplating opening up the car door and throwing herself out on the highway. She really wasn’t ready to have this conversation. 
 
“I had someone looking out for you.” Alex continued. “One of my friends, he stopped by Nashville one day and saw the two of you going into a restaurant. That’s actually all I know but I’m assuming you did talk to him?” 
 
“Wait, A friend of yours saw me?” she interrupted. “You knew they were going to see me, and you didn’t tell them to give a message? To let me know that you were okay?” 
 
“No, I didn’t, as long as I knew you were safe…” 
 
“Oh, so as long as you had a peace of mind…it was no problem for me to be worried sick about you?” She argued back. 
 
“Maddie you would have tried to get involved; don’t tell me you wouldn’t have. “ Alex sighed. “And nice move trying to change the subject there. I think we were talking about you and Angus.” 
 
“There’s nothing to talk about.” She spoke in such an unbelieving tone that she wasn’t even buying it herself. “I went to Daniel’s because the FBI were going to seize all the evidence since they’re taking over the case, Darryl wanted some of the other officers to get some information off Daniel’s computer, so I tagged along, and ended up running into Angus while I was there.” 
 
“And you thought it was a good idea to go out to lunch with your stalker’s brother? Alone? I thought you were smarter than that.” 
 
“I was under the impression that he didn’t know who I was, I told him I was an FBI agent.” Alex just shook his head. “He told me he didn’t know much about what went on, so I believed him.” 
 
“And that was your first mistake.”  Alex added. “Don’t feel too bad, you got swindled by the best.” 
 
“He went along with it during lunch, it wasn’t until later that night that I found out it was all an act.” 
 
“That night? Long lunch.” Alex muttered. Maddie took a deep breath; it was more than obvious that those two had some unresolved issues. 
 
“Yes Alex, I was working.” She emphasized. “I was trying to get as much information as I could out of him.” 
 
“Let me guess, you went to a restaurant with a bar?” He took her silence as a yes. “He ordered you a drink, followed by several more?” 
 
“He actually had more to drink than I did, He passed out on the couch as soon as we got back to his place.” 
 
“Well...he may have been off his game with Dan’s passing and all. But that’s his usual trick. Get the pretty lady drunk so that he can get what he wants.” 
 
Maddie had to bite her tongue at that, Sure Angus could have had her blindsided, but she didn’t feel like he was bad as Alex was letting on. “Anyway…after he fell asleep, I was able to get a good look at his watch. Seems to be a popular design.” 
 
“It’s how we identify each other; it has its other uses too.” 

“Yeah I found that out when I accidentally pressed the green button.” Alex startled her when he burst out laughing. “It’s not funny! I almost gave the boy a heart attack!” 
 
“Oh, he was fine, just a little shaken is all.” He said laughing. 
 
“So that’s how you recovered from your injuries so quickly?” she asked. Alex quickly calmed back down now that the questions were back on him. 
 
“Yeah, the adrenaline. It helps you to forget about the pain.” 
 
“Why didn’t you tell me? About any of this?” 
 
“How could I? It was too much to explain all at once, you wouldn’t have understood.”
 
“I’m sure it would’ve been a lot to explain but, why do people think they have to keep me in the dark all the time?” her eyes started to tear up as she looked back out the window, holding onto her pendant. “Like I’ll go crazy and make bad decisions if I know the truth. Everyone thinks that I’ll run off and try to solve everything on my own…” 
 
“And you wouldn’t? Try to solve everything I mean.”  
 
“I…” she didn’t turn to face him, just kept staring out into the nearly dark sky, still grasping onto the Phoenix around her neck. “Say what you want about Angus.” She said avoiding the question. “He may be a master con man, a liar, a thief…but he didn’t care to be blunt with me. I liked that about him.” 
 
“I agree.” Alex said, responding in a way she didn’t expect. “That’s one quality of his that I always liked as well. He was always up front with you about the situation. However, a lot of the things he told you, there probably wasn’t much truth to any of it.” 
 
“I don’t know, he’s been right so far. For the most part.” Maddie was trying to watch what she said; she could see the tension brewing on Alex’s face. 
 
“What did he say about me?” he tightened his grip on the steering wheel; Maddie instinctively scooted closer to the passenger window. 
 
“Well, he told me about how you all went to school together, and how you were trained to be…assassins.” She had to force the word out. “And that my Dad was the one who funded all the money for this ‘school’.” Maddie shook her head in annoyance. 
 
“He told me a little about how Daniel contacted you to help him get more information about me, he said he didn’t know too much about the mission…” she shrugged as Alex rolled his eyes. “Anyway, He kept saying that they were probably doing this just to get you back…that you were the best they had.” 
 
“They’re always trying to get me to join back with them, one way or another.” 
 
“What I don’t understand is why would you help Daniel if you weren’t still involved with them?” 
 
Alex stared ahead deep in thought as it started to rain. “It’s a really long story love, we’ve got plenty of time to discuss all that.” He said as they turned onto the main highway. “But I’m not involved with them now. That’s all you need to know.” 
 
The car was silent once again aside from the rain pouring harder against the hood and the wipers swinging back and forth. Maddie fumbled with the stereo system until she finally figured out how to turn the radio on. Killing the awkward silence until Alex spoke up again. 
 
“Did you tell him about us?” 
 
“What do you mean?” she asked, buying time as he gave her a look. “Well yeah, when we went out to eat, I may have mentioned something about us, but he thought I was someone else at the time or…I thought he thought that I was someone else…” 
 
“What exactly did you tell him?” Alex interrupted her confusing babbling. 
 
Maddie sighed, not sure why it seemed so important. “He asked if I had a boyfriend, we were just having a simple conversation, or at least that’s what I thought at the time. And I told him that I didn’t know.” 
 
“What? How do you not know?” he laughed for a moment then stopped when it hit him. “You thought I had left you?” he turned to look at her while trying to focus on the heavy traffic. Quickly he pulled the car over when she didn’t’ answer him. 
 
“I thought we were in a hurry.” She asked.
 
“You thought I had left you.” He said again. A mixture of emotions filled the tone of his voice, sadness, guilt, pain, anger; he wasn’t sure how he was going to get through this.  
 
“Yes Alex, why is it so hard for you to believe? You told me you were going to work on a case; you said you’d call. After a few days I was a little suspicious but then an entire week goes by and I don’t hear anything from you at all? And I’m supposed to think everything is okay? And then I had to find out that you put my information on Daniel’s computer…” 
 
“Angus showed you that?” 
 
“No, he didn’t, I saw it myself. The other officers that were working for Darryl showed it to me.” 
 
Alex started to look sick. “God, I didn’t want you to find out that way…” 
 
“You didn’t want me to find out about it at all, but I did.” 
 
“Maddie---“ 
 
“I was heartbroken, up until that moment I still had a little bit of hope left, I was still holding on to the fact that you might still love me, but when I saw that I couldn’t ---“ 
 
 “I never meant to hurt you.” He said back to her. “I know it doesn’t seem that way.”
 
“It’s all right.” She said calmly. “I know that now.” 
 
“I was too afraid to tell you anything, my hands were tied. I thought I’d end up putting you in even more danger if I didn’t go along with their plans. Whenever I would try, something would always get in the way.“
 
“They’ve always been the fucking thorn in my side.  But I’m going to end it…If it’s the last thing I do, I’m ending it.” 
 
“I’m sorry.” He whispered once more before starting up the car again.
 
“You know you shouldn’t blame yourself so much,” she said holding onto her pendant again. “If my Dad hadn’t been so careless none of this would have ever happened.” She pulled at the necklace angrily, breaking the chain in two. 
 
“I should just throw it out the window.” 
 
Swerving to the side of the road once again, Alex quickly turned the engine off and grabbed Maddie’s hand that was holding the charm. 
 
“You really don’t want to do that love.” 
 
Maddie stared back at him strangely. “Alex…?” she said as he took the Phoenix from her hand and used his keys to remove the back. 
 
“What are you doing? How’d you know that came off like that?” 
 
“It was off the night I found it at Daniel’s. You didn’t know?” 
 
“No..” she looked at her faithful charm once more…the same one that had been around her neck for years. “That’s not an onyx.” She said in confusion. 
 
“No, it’s not.” Alex held up a tiny LED flashlight to the jewel. “When I found the necklace, I held it up to the light and this happened.” he said turning on the light, illuminating a series of numbers and letters on the back seat of the car. 
 
410-623SIR71234-2SAW4
11063-9SEVEN713-95WOLVES
 
Maddie stared in astonishment. “Oh my God….” This wasn’t actually happening, she had to be dreaming, because could very well mean that everything she had been denying was true. 
 
“Does any of that look familiar to you?” 
 
“Huemul Island.” She said back, still in shock. 
 
“They’re coordinates?” 
 
“Yeah.” She blinked, trying to jog her memory. “The numbers are all bunched together, and the Sir Saw Seven Wolves…Its really South West South West…Oh my god.” She fell back against her seat as Alex turned the light off. 
 
“So, what’s the connection with you and this place?” 
 
“Umm— “Maddie felt like her head was about to explode. “I went there once, with my Dad…my Mom’s family they owned some land there or something I never quite understood it all, but I was really young at the time, anyway…the coordinates, Dad would play this game where he would give me coordinates and I would have to figure out where the destination was. It was to help me out with World Geography I was failing it in school.” She paused for a moment to catch her breath, then something else came to mind. 

“The tree.” 
 
“What tree?” 
 
“There was this tree on the island, Dad carved my initials into it. He said it would be my tree forever, I never knew what he meant.” They both stared at each other wide-eyed. “Do you think?” 
 
“We need to find that tree.” Alex said as he started the car once again. 
 
 
They were only a couple of miles away from where the jet was waiting for them. The pilot helped to carry their luggage onboard; Alex made small talk with him as they stepped inside. Maddie wondered why he was acting so tense once again as he motioned for her to go ahead and take a seat. 
 
They were both buckled in and ready for take-off when she leaned over toward him. “Did you tell him about our change of plans?” 
 
“Shh…” Alex smiled and quickly kissed her before she could say anything else. He then discreetly shook his head letting her know it wasn’t safe to talk.  Maddie turned and sank back in her seat until it was safe to walk around. 
 
“We should go find some dry clothes hm?” Alex said as soon as they had a chance to leave their seats. They walked to the back of the plane and he shut the door behind them. 
 
“What was that all about?” Maddie whispered. “I thought this was your friend’s jet?” 
 
“It is. And there probably isn’t any need to worry. But then again you never know who’s been paid off.” 
 
“Good to know.” She said unenthused as she dug through one of the bags that Alex had thrown on the bed. She stopped for a moment to look around the huge bedroom. 
 
“Is your friend a rock star?” 
 
Alex laughed. “Sort of.”  He walked over to turn on a brighter light. “I think I have your bag.” 
 
“Well that’s why I couldn’t find anything.” She said looking up to see Alex twirling around some of her undergarments. She lunged forward, grabbing at them without any luck. 
 
“I don’t recall seeing these, they’re nice.” He laughed as she pulled them out of his grasp.
 
Maddie shoved them back into her bag. “Glad you think so, you bought them.” 
 
“I did?” 
 
“If you think I spent five thousand dollars on one dress you’re crazy.” She said, finally getting a hold of some dry clothing and heading toward the bathroom. 

“Oh, and Abby says thank you.” Alex laughed to himself as he took off his t-shirt. 
 
“How is Jay doing by the way?” 
 
“Great, he’s out of the hospital. He and Abby took off to Hawaii yesterday. Made a full recovery.” 
 
“Good to hear.” 
 
“Yeah, but he’s going to go insane when he finds out I’m gone. You think there’s any way I can call him?” 
 
“Probably not a good---“ 
 
“Not a good idea, I got it.” Maddie finished for him as she opened the door. “So, why exactly are we not going to the ‘other place’?” she asked quietly. 
 
“To throw off any potential followers.” 
 
“But if they’re following us anyway…?” 
 
“I’d rather them follow us to a resort than to a deserted island with a possible buried treasure. We need to pace ourselves. If we act like we know where something is, they’ll never leave us alone. But if we pretend to be clueless, like we’re still looking for the answers, then we’ll be buying ourselves some time.” 
 
“All right got it.” 
 
“Do you really?”
 
“Not a clue, But I’m just going to follow your lead.” She smiled and sat down on the bed. 
 
Alex sat next to her, brushing her hair away from her face. “I’ve missed you. There wasn’t a day that went by that I didn’t think of you. Or wished I had done things differently.” 
 
“I missed you too.” She held onto his hand and looked into his eyes, starting to feel some guilt about the things she hadn’t told him.  
 
“What is it now?” he said teasing her. His smile quickly faded when he saw a tear roll down her cheek. “Maddie? What’s wrong?” 
 
“I’ve not told you everything that happened between me and Angus.” She blurted out. 
 
“Okay.” He replied calmly. 
 
“The night I went back with him, when I tried to find out about the watch and all, he didn’t tell me anything that night. He actually told me to leave.  I didn’t get any information out of him until I went back, the next day.” She paused, waiting for some sort of response from him, but Alex just sat there, listening. 
 
“Anyway, it turns out that the reason he didn’t explain anything to me the night before was because of the cameras that were set up throughout the mansion. But he had went through and disconnected all of them.” 
 
There it was, the response she was waiting for. Alex rolled his eyes dramatically at what she’d said. 
 
“SO…” she cleared her throat and continued. “After he told me everything, I was obviously upset, blah blah blah---I’m not getting back into that--- we decided to go out, again.” Alex still didn’t appear too angry, just raising an eyebrow every now and then. 
 
“And I drank …a lot. I wasn’t in a very stable state of mind when we went back to his place later that night.” 
 
Alex finally spoke up, though Maddie really wished he hadn’t. It was painful to hear the words come out of his mouth. “You slept together?” 
 
“No! No…well we kissed and, then he got a phone call. And by the time he was finished I’d come back to my senses enough to know it was a bad idea…” 
 
“So, if he hadn’t gotten a phone call, you would have?” 
 
Maddie was silent with her thoughts, trying to think of the best way to answer that. “I don’t know, I would like to say No…” to her surprise, Alex pulled her into his arms. 
 
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, I know you weren’t thinking clearly. And I also know how Angus is.” 
 
“But it wasn’t like that, he wasn’t conning me into sleeping with him…” 
 
“I’m not so sure about that.” 
 
Maddie pulled away from him. “What happened between you two? I get the same crazy vibes from both of you. You act like you were at one time the best of friends but now you absolutely despise each other.” 
 
“Really Maddie, it’s not that important right now. But the short version of it, Angus is still working for the enemy. I shouldn’t have to tell you any more than that. That’s why I don’t trust him.” 
 
“I get what you’re saying but…you worked for the enemy as well. I mean, who am I supposed to trust here? Not that I don’t trust you…” 
 
“…You don’t understand why you can’t trust Angus.” He finished for her. 
 
“Exactly.” 
 
“Right, because he was a perfect gentleman to you and charming and you felt completely safe around him?” 
 
“Right!” she nodded. Alex smiled and nodded back. “Oh.” 
 
“You’re going to have to learn to read people love, Angus is the definition of a wolf in sheep’s clothing.” He said while getting up and walking toward the restroom. 
 
Maddie lay back on the bed and stared at the ceiling in frustration.  She always thought she was good at reading people. But Alex and Angus seemed to be suffering from some sort of multiple personality disorder. One minute she felt she could trust them with her life, and the next---it was as if she didn’t know them at all. 
 
She felt safer with Alex, since she’d known him longer and was obviously closer to him. But her paranoia was beginning to get the best of her. 

She sat up on the bed and looked around the dark room. “Best go find a parachute just in case.” She sighed while getting up. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Nine
 
 
 
“Time to wake up love, we’re almost there.” 
 
Maddie looked around the small room, taking a moment to realize where she was and remember what all had taken place the past few hours. “What time is it?” she said sitting up. 
 
“A little past noon, come on, we need to go on up front before we land.” 
 
Maddie held onto Alex to regain her balance. “How long was I out?” 
 
“Ahh fifteen minutes at the most, after all that tossing and turning.” 
 
“Not very used to sleeping on a bed…in a plane.” She yawned as they buckled up. 
 
“I’m sure that’s all that was on your mind.” Alex replied sarcastically.  Maddie only smiled back weakly. Wasn’t really worth getting into all her insecurities at the moment. 
 
“So, who is it we’re visiting again?” 
 
“Julian Arlo.” 
 
“And he’s another one of the …. you know.” 
 
“Formerly a Phoenix soldier, yes.” He answered. “Jules is one of my closest and dearest friends.” He looked over at her concerned face.  “You have nothing to worry about. We’ll be safe there.”
 
“I know.” She tried to reassure him, to let him know she believed him. “It’s just, the small number of Phoenix soldiers I’ve met—have all been questionable.” She shrugged. “I’m just being paranoid I’m sure.” 
 
“Well if it helps, Julian is the levelheaded one of the bunch. At least since he’s settled down.” He said patting her knee, not sure if what he told her had helped any. 
 
They landed at a private airbase and drove from there for several miles until they could no longer stay on the paved road. The scenery was breathtaking, Maddie only wished she was there on better terms so that she could enjoy it more. 
 
She could hear Alex thanking the driver in Italian as she was stepping onto the boat dock. She turned and smiled at him as the car drove away. 
 
“I didn’t know you spoke Italian.” 
 
 “Picked it up from Julian, plus we had to learn a few different languages.” He said while helping her onto the boat. 
 
“So, what else can you speak?”
 
“Fluently or …?” he laughed at Maddie’s surprised expression. “Hmm, Spanish and Italian …and your bloody American slang. That should count for something eh?” He winced as Maddie elbowed him. 
 
“I know a little Chinese…. French…German…” 
 
“Is that all?”
 
Alex thought for a moment before he continued. “Some Finnish…, a tiny bit of Mandarin…” 
 
Maddie laughed and shook her head. “You’re an Encyclopedia of Weirdness, you know that?” 
 
 
They took the small motorboat to the island where the Arlo Hotel and Resort was located. It was an enormous brick building, enclosed inside a barrier of tall green trees. It looked as if the place was hiding away from the entire world. 
 
Alex leaned over and whispered in her ear. “Wait until you see the inside.” 
 
“I’ll never want to leave, this place is gorgeous…” Maddie was soon interrupted by a high-pitched shrieking voice, for a moment she absentmindedly looked around for Abby. 
 
“Alex!” A beautiful Italian woman ran over to them, as best she could in her heels. Alex waved back in her direction. 
 
“Hello Dafne.” He smiled as she gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek. “Um—Maddie this is—“ 
 
“Madelyn!” Dafne said happily as she surprised Maddie with a hug. “So happy to meet you!” 
 
“This is Julian’s wife.” Alex finally continued. 
 
“Oh, Alexander she’s gorgeous, look at you! I told you last time you were here, didn’t I tell you you’d find someone?” 
 
“Yeah, you did---“He said amidst the rambling, making Maddie laugh as he mocked her chattering with his hand while Dafne walked ahead of them into the hotel. 
 
“So, we have your room ready for you, and they’re taking your bags up now, just make yourselves at home and stay as long as you need to. I hope we get to spend some time together.” She smiled back at Maddie. 

“I’ll let Jules know you’re here, he’s with the baby…Oh she’ll have to see her Uncle Alex!” she said, still talking as she disappeared into the other room behind the front desk.
 
The two of them stood there for a moment, taking in the first few seconds of silence they’d had since they arrived. “Well…she’s friendly!” Maddie finally said. 
 
“That she is.” Alex nodded and smiled as Julian walked out into the main lobby, carrying his precious baby girl in his arms. Maddie was surprised at how much he resembled Alex; he could easily pass for his younger brother, and he had that same mysterious beauty about him. 
 
“Good to see you alive still.” Julian gave Alex a hug and passed the infant onto him.  The baby’s eyes lit up as she patted Alex’s face. 
 
“You’re getting heavy princess.” Alex cooed at her, making her smile. “Maddie, this is Evangeline.” 
 
Julian smiled. “It’s a bit of a mouthful for a baby, so we call her Eva. It’s nice to meet you Maddie, I’m Julian.”  
 
“Nice to meet you too.” Maddie tore her eyes away from the sight of Alex and Eva long enough to shake Julian’s hand. “She’s so gorgeous!” 
 
“Thanks, she gets it all from her mom.” He replied as most Dads do. It wasn’t completely true; Maddie could see his features in Eva’s adorable smile and big brown eyes.  
 
“You want to hold her or are you just going to stand there and gawk?” Alex laughed. 
 
She shook her head quickly. “Oh no, you go ahead I don’t know anything about---“ 
 
Alex ignored her and handed Eva over. “You won’t break her, I promise.” 
 
Maddie was hesitant but felt at peace as soon as she took the child in her arms. The innocent smile and those cute chubby cheeks, it all felt so natural. Eva then became infatuated with her pendant…and the peaceful feeling started to slowly drift away. 
 
“Oh, she loves jewelry.” Dafne spoke up from behind the desk. “If you’re wearing a necklace you can hold her all day long without a fuss. She’s mesmerized by shiny things.” 
 
“Another thing she gets from her mom.” Julian joked as he and his wife exchanged playful glances. “I have to go take care of some business but hopefully we can have dinner later?”
 
“Sounds good mate.” Alex replied while Maddie handed Eva back to her Daddy. She happily jumped back into his arms. 
 
“Great, Dafne has your keys and everything, if you need anything let us know.” He placed Eva in her playpen behind her mom at the desk and stepped back into his office. Alex had walked over to get the keys while Dafne was checking in an elderly couple. 
 
“Oh, another young couple here I see.” The older man chuckled. “On your honeymoon?” he asked Alex. 
 
“Not yet.” Alex smiled back at him while the man laughed even more. 
 
“One of those pre-honeymoons eh? Me an’ the misses we’re on our fiftieth, come here every year.” 
 
“Yes, Hugh and Sicilia are our loyal customers.” Dafne added with a smile. “Here are your keys Alex, your usual room.” 
 
They took the staircase up to the third floor so that Maddie could get a good look around the hotel. The lobby had a large stone fountain right in the center, beautiful art and delicate treasures lined the walls, things collected by Julian’s family over the years. Every item had a story behind it that made it all the more unique. 
 
“Such a beautiful place.” Maddie said as they walked inside their suite, greeted by an amazing view out their window. She paused for a moment. “So, what’s with the Victorian clothes Julian had on? Is that part of the hotel’s theme or?” 

“No, that’s just Jules.” Alex chuckled. “He’s…. well you’ll figure him out. Maybe.” 

“Ok.” She smiled and looked back at him playfully. “He’s very pretty.” 

“Says every single girl I’ve ever introduced him to.” He mumbled and rolled his eyes as Maddie laughed. “Dafne included.” He added. 

Maddie’s jaw dropped. “You dated Dafne?” 

“Well I probably would’ve if that little bugger hadn’t gotten in the way.” He chuckled. 

“How long has his family owned this place?” 
 
“I believe his great-grandfather took over it in the late 1800s.” 
 
“Hmm…kinda strange.” She said, peering outside over the trees below them. “You said he went to the Phoenix Academy, right?” 
 
“Yeah.” 
 
“I thought only underprivileged kids went there, I mean I could be wrong, but it doesn’t seem like the Arlo’s came from poverty by the looks of this place.” 
 
 
“No, definitely not. His family is very well to do. Jules was one of the boys that was kidnapped.” 
 
Maddie turned back to him shocked. “My God…he was one of them? How many children did those assholes steal from their homes?” she went to sit on the bed as she started to feel ill, knowing her father had a hand in all of this, maybe not directly but still, he was connected. 
 
“From our little group. just Julian and Cowboy. The others were either orphans like me or runaways. As far as how many have been taken since then, I couldn’t tell you.” 
 
“Didn’t their families try to find them?” 
 
“Yeah, they tried everything but there’s not much you can do when someone hands you proof that your child is dead.” Maddie hung her head, not able to imagine what horror the parents must have went through. 
 
“I think the initial plan was to use them for ransom, obviously Jules’ Dad was one of the wealthiest people in the country and Cowboy is the heir to this huge oil refinery in Texas, so they knew they could get a lot out of them, but---as always Renir had other plans. Decided to just add them to his ‘crew of little soldiers’. “ 
 
“So, this Renir, I take it he’s the leader?” 
 
“Basically yeah.” 
 
“Is that who you met with in Vegas?” 
 
“No, I talked to Vance, he was alone.” 
 
“Well---we’ve got total privacy now, are we going to talk about what happened there?” 
 
“Didn’t you say you were hungry?” Alex stood up quickly. “They have this great restaurant on the rooftop, we should go if we want to get a table…” 
 
Maddie picked up the overflowing fruit basket sitting nearby and sat back down on the bed. “This will do for now.” She smiled, taking a grape from the bunch. “Talk.” 
 
“Aren’t you tired? I’d rather wait really----“ 
 
“I’d rather not. Whatever it is you don’t want to tell me; you need to spit it out because this huge obvious wall between us isn’t going to go away until you do.” 
 
Alex sighed, knowing she was right, as he sank back down on the bed. “Ok, since you feel you must know. Where did we leave off?” 
 
“You were in Vegas.” 
 
“Right. Met the other guys there at Lincoln’s hotel. Waited for Vance to arrive, who didn’t get in any hurry. So, we just hung out for a couple of days, discussing our options, or lack of them. Finally, Vance showed up, alone. And he told me what he wanted me to do.” 
 
Maddie was getting impatient with his silence. “Which was?” 
 
“To carry out the job that Daniel had originally been assigned to. To get access to the money.” 
 
“This money?” Maddie tugged at her necklace. “Well good Lord let’s go to the island and find it, if it’ll put an end to all this, I’ll hand it all over to them! It’s not like I’m really losing anything, I just now found out about it!” 
 
“There’s more to it than that.” 
 
“How? They want the money, I give it back, and we all go free…” 
 
Alex grabbed her hand. “Just sit back down love. I haven’t told you everything yet.” He continued once she settled back down.

 “See, Vance and Renir realized not long after they put Daniel on the assignment, that he wasn’t really stable enough to handle all the information…so they didn’t tell him the correct amount of money.” 
 
She could hear her heart pounding in her ears. “How much money is there?” she asked slowly. 
 
“I don’t know the exact amount but, you could very well be one of the richest women.” 
 
“In America?” 
 
Alex shook his head. “No…I mean. Period. 
 
“Come again?” 
 
“How do I explain this.” Alex asked himself as he got up and started pacing the floor. “Your Dad owned a third of the company.” He paused and waited for a response, as Maddie still seemed to be in shock mode. 
 
“Right.” She finally answered. 
 
“So, he set up an account for you, and when he died, you got his share, actually I believe the money was going into the account before that because he left the company---Anyway, this money hasn’t been touched and it’s been growing interest for that long, and since that time, the Phoenix company has branched out into other businesses and investments, stocks---And a third of all of that has been going into that account. And it can’t be touched by anyone except you.” 
 
“You’re telling me they know about this and they haven’t tried to put a stop to it? As powerful as they are?” 
 
“Oh, they’ve tried, only they don’t even know where the account is. But now you do.” 
 
“I highly doubt there’s a bank located on a deserted island underneath a palm tree.” 
 
“No but I’m sure there’s a clue there.” 
 
“Suddenly I feel like a little blue dog.” Maddie muttered. “All right so, still. Why don’t we go find out where this money is, and I’ll get things taken care of? They can have their money back…” 
 
“Are you mad? I’m not letting you hand over a fortune to them.” 
 
“It’s my fortune, If I want to I can. If it’ll save our lives, then I definitely will! Though…” she stopped to think a moment, trying to grasp onto the idea of an insane amount of cash belonging to her. “I guess that wouldn’t be the smartest thing to do.” 
 
“It wouldn’t solve anything either.” 
 
“But do I really want it? Isn’t it all blood money?” 
 
“Some of it, yes. But think of what you could do with it! You could take over the Phoenix Academy; make it what it was supposed to be. Turn all that evil into something worthwhile.” 
 
“I guess that’s an option. That is if we make it out of this alive.” She lay back on the bed. “Do you think maybe I could talk to them?” 
 
“Who?” 
 
“Vance and Renir. Maybe I could get something worked out.” 
 
“Maddie…no. You don’t ‘work things out’ with those two. And well…Vance is sort of unavailable, indefinitely.” 
 
“What?” she sat back up. “Alex, no. tell me you didn’t…” he didn’t have to answer, she could tell by the look on his face, this was one of the things he wasn’t telling her. 

“He was armed, wasn’t he?” she asked hopefully, with no luck as Alex shook his head. 
 
“They wanted me to bring you in because they knew I wouldn’t go behind your back and find out about the money. When I refused, he told me the only option that was left. For them to kill you.” 
 
“So, you shot him? Alex he was just saying that to get you to go along with him.” 
 
“I know that, but I was too upset, I shouldn’t have been in there alone…it all got too personal.” 
 
“Does anyone know about this yet, anyone important anyway?” 
 
“They probably do by now.” 
 
“So…we’re not just hiding out here to keep me out of harm’s way, are we? You’re on the run for murder. And now I’m an accessory?” 
 
“Yes, now you are. As long as you were in the dark about it, you wouldn’t have been. But now...” 
 
“Oh, so this is my fault?” she said back defensively. 
 
“I didn’t mean it like that. You know that. But you were better off not knowing.”  
 
“Well, now we’re both screwed… Okay.” Maddie was now pacing the floor herself. “If I go along with you and we get caught, and let’s face it, we will get caught. They’ll strip my badge. My career is over.” 
 
“You think I haven’t realized that by now? It’s been killing me, knowing that I’ve dragged you into all this. You had enough problems without all of mine.” 
 
“Alex.” Maddie sank down beside of him on the bed. “This isn’t your fault, ---I’m not sure what I meant earlier…but I wasn’t meaning that.” 
 
“I know. Look, I’ve had a while to think about it, and I’ve come up with another solution for you. You could either come along with me, risk getting caught and losing everything or…you could just take me in.” 
 
“What?” she said back, surprised, and slightly furious.  How could he even think such a thing?
 
“You could arrest me. Get the FBI to help you out with Renir, of course he’s not going to stay behind bars for long but I’m sure something could be worked out.” 
 
“Alex, I’m not…” 
 
“You could even give him back the money if that’s what you truly want to do. And go back to your normal life.” 
 
“My life is never going to be normal again, no matter if you’re in it or not. Can’t you see? You’re not the problem here, I am.” 
 
“It’s just another option to consider.” 
 
“Well I’m not considering it. No!” She said back stubbornly.
 
“And I’m not forcing you to go with me and leave everything behind with no other choice. That’s one of the reasons why I brought you here. So that you’d have time to make a decision before we left… either together or separately.” 
 
Maddie clenched her fists as she started walking around the room, not wanting to face him; she walked over to the window before the tears started falling. She felt so torn. Not even sure if she could fully trust him anymore. Could she really drop everything and leave her home, job, friends, and family behind? 
 
She loved him dearly, but she had fallen in love with the Alex she knew before. The one that had never lied to her, never hurt her, the person she could trust with her life. But now everything seemed to be upside down and twisted in such a way…she just wasn’t completely sure. 
 
“We should probably go get something to eat.” Alex spoke up. “Julian invited us to have dinner with him and Dafne.” 
 
Maddie turned around and nodded, wiping her eyes as he stepped over to her. Alex gently pulled her into his arms. 
 
“I want you to do what you think is best for yourself. Don’t worry about me.” Maddie didn’t respond. It was all she could do to keep from screaming at him. Why was he leaving it all up to her? It wasn’t fair. 
 
Without a word, He left her alone to go get dressed. The wall had returned between them, or rather it had never even left. Now on top of everything else, Maddie had to decide whether she wanted to run away with her fugitive boyfriend or throw him in prison herself. 
 
“I can’t do this right now.” She grumbled, throwing open her luggage as her stomach furiously growled. She was starving and couldn’t think clearly, not a good time to be making a life-altering decision! 
 
Maddie looked through her clothes in annoyance; nothing seemed nice enough to wear to dinner at such a fancy hotel. She finally grabbed the white dress she had bought when she and Abby had gone shopping, right before everything went crazy. It seemed like it had been ages since that night. She never imagined things would have ended up the way they had. 
 
She felt like her life had been in limbo ever since she and Jay had started on the case. Everything had gone from bad to worse from that point on, with some good moments thrown in here and there for good measure. 
 
Now she was being forced to make a difficult decision without having all the facts straight. She couldn’t see herself turning Alex in, but at the same time Maddie didn’t want to give up everything she worked so hard for. And as much as she wanted to, she still wasn’t sure if she could trust him. He was the best Phoenix soldier for a reason after all. 
 
“You look gorgeous.” Alex’s voice startled her as she tried to hook together the zipper on her dress. 
 
“Thanks, you bought this too by the way.” She tried to laugh to ease her stressed out mind as he walked up behind her.

“I guess I should have just given back the money I had left over instead of spending all of it…that was actually kind of rude of me….” She stopped as his warm hands touched hers and he fastened the dress for her. 
 
“Don’t worry about it.” He said as they both stared at their reflections in the mirror. “I didn’t ask you to give it back, it’s not a problem. I’m glad you bought yourself something nice.” He leaned down and kissed the side of her neck. Maddie kept staring straight ahead as she ran her fingers through his hair. If he was trying to convince her to turn him in, he was doing a horrible job at it. 
 
”Are you ready to go?” he asked pulling away from her. 
 
“I might need a few more minutes.” 
 
“All right I’ll go on down and see if Julian’s ready then. We’ll be in the lobby.” 
 
“Okay.” Maddie nodded; glad to have some time alone. “I’ll be on down.” 
 
As soon as he left, she grabbed her phone to call Darryl, not sure what she was going to say but she needed to talk to someone. 
  
“Darryl?” 
 
“Hey, it’s great to hear your voice! Are you all right?” 
 
“Yeah…” Maddie sat down, nearly trembling. “We’re fine. In a safe place for now.” 
 
“Good. That’s really good. But are you ok?” 
 
“I don’t know Darryl…” 
 
“What’s going on?” 
 
“I just found out that Alex is on the run.” She said quietly. 
 
“I know. He told me about Vegas.” Maddie started to interrupt, why did everyone think it was such a great idea to always keep her in the dark? But she bit her tongue and let him continue. “I believe the feds may already be looking for him, I’m going to try to keep them sidetracked if I can.” 
 
“Ok. That’s good but…. I’m an accessory now, if he gets caught, I’m going to prison too.” 
 
“I know, I know, I’m going to see what I can do about that, if and when the time comes. Right now, I believe it’d be in your best interest to quit the force.” 
 
“What? Just…quit?” 
 
“Baby you’re a private investigator assisting a wanted felon. Think of the charges they’ll place on you. You’d be better off.” 
 
“So, wait…I have to either turn in my badge or have it yanked away from me. And I have no say so in this at all…or actually I do, but---“ 
 
“What do you mean?” 
 
“He’s given me an ultimatum.” Maddie sighed. “I can either go along with him or turn him in. He’s leaving it all up to me.” 
 
“Well that’s a valiant thing to do don’t you think?” 
 
“No, I think it’s the complete opposite, that way the pressure is off of him.” Maddie grumbled. 
 
“Maddie, he’s basically putting his life in your hands. He knows what’s at stake for you and doesn’t want you to lose everything because of him.” 
 
“So, what do I need to do?” 
 
“That’s something you’re going to have to figure out yourself.” 
 
“I thought you’d say something like that.” She said back disappointed. “Do you think I can trust him?” 
 
Darryl took a moment to respond. “I hope you can. But again, you have to decide that for yourself. You know him on a completely different level than I do. You can’t use the usual gut feeling with situations like this. You got to go with what your heart tells you.” 
 
“Ok.” She took a deep breath. “I’ll have to figure this out on my own then. I guess I knew that all along, just needed someone to clarify it for me. Tell Clara Hi for me, I love you all.” 
 
“We love you too. Be careful.” 
 
Maddie hung up her phone and took one last look in the mirror before heading downstairs to the lobby. She was going to have to decide something over the next few days, and she needed to decide quickly because very soon, they would both be on the run, one way or another. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Ten
 
 
              The evening went on as awkward as expected. Julian and Dafne were a lovely couple and Maddie really enjoyed being around them, but the spot that Alex had put her in made it hard for her to relax and be social around anyone. Alex spent most of the dinner talking to Julian, while Maddie made small talk with Dafne what time she wasn’t gushing over Eva, who was content with chewing on crackers and breadsticks for most of the night. 
 
Early the next morning, Maddie woke up and after getting dressed she went downstairs, leaving Alex to sleep in. She learned very quickly that Dafne was one who loved to talk, and the girl seemed to be full of useful information. If she was going to make a life altering decision, she at least needed to make sure her facts were straight. 
 
Relived to see that no hotel guests were hanging around the front desk, Maddie walked up and smiled at Dafne before happily greeting Baby Eva who was bouncing around in her Exersaucer. 
 
“You’re having a good morning, aren’t you?” Maddie laughed as Eva’s face lit up at the sound of her voice. “Is that teddy bear good?” she asked playfully while tugging at the toy in the baby’s mouth. 
 
“I try to feed her cereal and she spits it out at me, now she’s eating Mr. Teddy.” Dafne rattled on as she put away some paperwork. “Did you sleep well?” 
 
“Very well. Physically anyway.” Maddie replied as Dafne just nodded. “Alex is sleeping like a log, probably the best sleep he’s had in---weeks.” 
 
“He always says that he sleeps well while staying here. It must be the beds.” She shrugged. “Had breakfast yet?” 
 
“I grabbed some fruit before I came down. I’m good.” 
 
Dafne sat back in her office chair. “So, what’s on your mind?”
 
Maddie looked up at her from where she was playing with Eva, a little surprised. “Hmm?”
 
“Oh, come on dear, you’d have to be numb not to sense the tension between you two. I know there’s the obvious problems but… I get the feeling there’s more to it.” She leaned forward in her chair a bit. “I wanted to tell you that you can talk to me if you want. I do have an idea of what you’re going through after all.” 
 
Maddie took a deep breath, she asked for it. “Did you know Julian was involved in all this when you two got together?” 
 
“Not when we first met, no.  But very soon after. And let me tell ya, to say it was a shock would be a huge understatement.” 
 
“I can agree with that.” 
 
“But… He said if I’d marry him, he’d tone it down a bit and he did. And when I got pregnant, it stopped completely. He doesn’t take part in anything anymore, aside from giving the guys a place to hide out every now and then. Although,” she paused for a moment. “I know he misses it. How you can miss something like that is beyond me but, it’s all they know.” She shrugged. 
 
“I haven’t thought of it like that.” Maddie replied. “Have you ever been in any danger?” 
 
Dafne thought for a moment. “Mmm…not directly. Not with Jules. There were times when I wasn’t too comfortable with some of the guys being here. Most of them are all right though. That Angus now, he’s not coming back here.” She said shaking her head. Maddie jumped when Eva dropped one of her plastic toys on the floor after hearing Angus’ name. 
 
She composed herself before speaking up. “What happened?” 
 
Dafne rolled her eyes dramatically. “What didn’t happen? He comes in here claiming he’s on the run from Vance and Renir, that they’re out to kill him and all that. Jules felt bad for him as usual. It was all a big lie; he was hiding from the FBI who were chasing him for trafficking drugs.” 
 
“Oh. Really?
 
“Yeah. He failed to mention that to us. We had the freaking DIA team in here, had to close the resort, arrange for all the guests to stay at different hotels. It was a disaster. We’re lucky to even still be in business after all that. All because he was too much of a coward to admit what was really going on.” 
 
“So, this Angus…person.” Maddie winced at her terrible acting. “He’s friends with Julian and the other guys?” 
 
“Well no, not really. He was at one time. Definitely isn’t friendly with Alex anymore so…Shhh.” 
 
“Oh absolutely.” Maddie nodded. 
  
“Oh no!” Dafne shouted while flipping through some papers, obviously cursing under her breath, but it was all Italian and Maddie couldn’t understand a word of it. 
 
“What’s wrong?” 
 
“I scheduled some interviews for new employees this morning and I completely forgot about Julian having a call with the bank at the same time and now I don’t have enough time to find a sitter for Eva….” She said while frantically searching her address book for someone to call. 
 
“I could watch her.” 
 
“You could? I mean I know you could, but I wasn’t sure if you were comfortable around babies and---“she paused taking a deep breath. “Would you care to?” 
 
“Wouldn’t mind at all.” Maddie smiled back as she stood up from where she had been knelt in front of Eva. “I think I can handle it. Besides. I feel like I should do something for you all.” 
 
“Thank you.” Dafne said in relief. “Now Jules will be done before I get back, so you won’t have to watch her for long, and if you need anything, it’ll be back here.” She said opening the door to a room behind the front desk. “There’s a bed, food, diapers, toys…you should be fine though. Actually, it’s about time for her nap.” She went on rambling while Maddie followed her into the tiny room, overflowing with baby items. 
 
“If she starts getting cranky, take her for a ride outside around the hotel.” She said while wheeling out a large stroller. “She’ll be out of it in no time.” 
 
“Got it.” Maddie nodded. 
 
“Jules is in his office, but like I said, he should be done before I get back. If she gets out of hand, take her upstairs and wake up Alex.” she said with a laugh. “Thanks again, a million times thank you.” She swung her purse over her shoulder and kissed Eva on the head before she left. 
 
Maddie looked down at the happy baby, still bouncing in her exersaucer. She looked up and made a ‘huh?’ type noise as if to say, ‘What now?’.
 
“Beats me kiddo.” Maddie grinned as she scooped the little one up in her arms. “What do we need to do first? Are you hungry?” 
 
Eva answered by blowing bubbles against Maddie’s shoulder before she started chewing on her shirt. 

“Well you don’t have to eat me.” She laughed as they went into the nursery room. “I bet you have some teeth coming in huh?” she sat down in the rocking chair and dug around in a diaper bag until she found the teething ring Dafne had for her the night before at dinner. Eva’s chubby little hands grasped it tightly as she pulled it out of Maddie’s hand. 
 
“That’s, better right?” Maddie asked as she started rocking in the chair. Eva leaned back against her arms, content with her teething ring, for a few minutes. 
 
Just as the baby’s eyelids began to droop and Maddie thought this was going to be the easiest babysitting job ever, there went the teething ring, flying halfway across the room. The kid sure had an arm on her! And a good pair of lungs to boot. 
 
“Okay baby girl, what’s the matter huh?” Maddie got up and began walking the screaming infant around the room. “We were okay just a minute ago? Mommy will be back soon---oh what have I gotten into…” she started to panic until she saw the stroller in the corner. 
 
“Wanna go for a ride?” she asked as cheerfully as possible. Eva seemed to get even louder at that but settled down some once Maddie placed her in the stroller and swaddled her with blankets. She spotted a pacifier in one of the compartments and handed it to the baby who quickly popped it in her mouth. 
 
 
Eva was nearly asleep by the time Maddie stepped outside the hotel and started walking around the paved trail. The resort was so peaceful. Alex had done the right thing bringing her there. Even with all that was going on at the moment, Maddie couldn’t help not to relax while she was there. 
 
“Oh, the little master of the house is napping, isn’t she?” Hugh, the elderly man they had met in the lobby, said as he and his wife Sicilia approached them. 
 
“Yeah, out like a light before I even walked out the door.” Maddie stopped as the three of them admired the sleeping child. Sicilia spoke something to her husband in Italian before smiling back at Maddie. 
 
“She wants to know if you have any of your own, said you’d be a wonderful Momma.” 
 
Maddie smiled back at her. “Oh no, not yet. Thank you… er um…Merci?” She said as Sicilia nodded back happily at the tiny bit of Italian she had managed to pick up on since she’d been there. 
 
Hugh patted her on the shoulder as they walked on by. Maddie stared back at the old couple, walking hand in hand, she was certain there wasn’t anything they wouldn’t do for each other. With a troubled sigh, she continued pushing the stroller down the path. 
 
About an hour had passed and Maddie had already walked around the mile-long trail twice. Eva was still resting comfortably while they took a break from walking and went back inside to sit in the main lobby. 
 
“Hope she wasn’t much trouble.” She turned to see Julian walking over to them. “Really appreciate you watching her for us. We usually don’t have scheduling conflicts like this.” 
 
“Wasn’t any problem at all, she’s been asleep practically the whole time.” 
 
“Great.” He smiled as he sat next to her on the bench. “Where’s Alex at this morning?” 
 
“Still upstairs I guess, he was asleep when I left.” 
 
Julian nodded while rocking the stroller back and forth with his foot. “Been doing okay?” he asked with a pleasant smile on his face. Maddie couldn’t help but wonder how this group of young men raised to be killers turned out to be so polite. 
 
“As good as can be expected.” 
 
“Sooo…you’re not doing too well at all hmm?” 
 
“No. Not really. Alex kind of gave me an ultimatum.” 
 
“Yeah he told me about that. Made a decision yet?” 
 
Maddie waited a few seconds before responding. “I don’t know. I don’t know what I should do. I know what I want to do, but is that really what I should do?” 
 
“Well---what do you want to do?” 
 
She stared out into the lobby at the people walking by, staring out into nothing in particular. “I want to go with him. Just---take the chance and go for it. If we get caught up with, screw it. We’ll deal with that when and if the time comes.” 
 
“And, what’s keeping you from doing that?” 
 
She lowered her head and spoke quietly. “I’m still not one hundred percent sure I can trust him.” 
 
“Mmhmm.” Julian thought for a moment. “So that’s what’s standing in your way, trust?” 
 
“Yeah, I guess so.” 
 
“Come with me.” He said getting up, pushing the stroller toward his office. “I may be able to help you with that.” Maddie didn’t hesitate to follow him; Julian had known Alex far longer than she had. If anyone could help her, he should be able to. 
 
They walked inside his office and he parked Eva over next to his desk before going over to a tiny safe and unlocking it, removing a folder full of papers. “I can’t say I know what you’re going through, because I don’t know exactly. But I do understand it’s a hard decision.” He said while flipping through the papers. “It was a hard one for Dafne to make after she learned about everything. And I wasn’t crazy about getting her involved with all this either. So, I can say that I’m sure Alex is struggling with this too.” 

“Oh, I know he is.” She nodded.
 
“You’re probably thinking I’m not going to be much help because I’m best friends with Alex and you think I’m automatically going to take his side or try to convince you to do what’s best for him” he paused and looked up at her. “That’s not what I’m trying to do here.” 
 
“What I’m trying to do is look at this through a different perspective. I’ve been telling myself ever since you got here, what if Eva was in your shoes…what would I want someone to tell her?” He looked directly into Maddie’s eyes as he spoke, she couldn’t deny the sincerity in his voice. Julian was going to be completely honest with her. 
 
Maddie took a seat in the chair across from his desk. “So, what’s your suggestion?” 
 
“I believe you should go with him. If you love him, and I feel like you do or else you wouldn’t even be here. If trust is your only issue then, I can honestly tell you that you have nothing to worry about. Yeah, it’s going to be tough being on the run. But I can guarantee you that you’ll be safer out on the run with Alex than you would be if you were all alone. He’s going to do everything in his power to keep you safe.” 
 
Maddie nodded as she started to smile. “I know he will.” She said, it felt as if she was just then realizing it. 
 
“Here’s what I was going to show you.” Julian said as he passed some legal documents over to her. 
 
“Your will?” she looked up at him confused. 
 
“Yeah, Dafne and I figured we needed one after Eva come along.” He said pointing out the line on the page that he wanted her to see. Maddie stared at it for the longest time before she looked up at him. Alex had been listed as Eva’s legal guardian in the event of their deaths. 
 
“You think I’m going to leave my angel with just anyone?” he said as Maddie slightly laughed as she wiped her watery eyes.

 “Dafne and I knew there wasn’t anyone else we’d want her to be with. He’s the only person we know that’d keep her safe, even if his own life depended on it. He was overjoyed when we told him, said he’d gladly take on the responsibility.” 
 
“Thank you, Julian.” She said while he was putting the papers away. 
 
“Did it help you any?” 
 
“Yes. It did.” Maddie wiped her eyes again before giving him a hug. “More than you realize. Thank you so much.” She said again, he squeezed her tightly before they let go. 
 
“We’re all here for you Maddie. You’re part of the family now. Crazy dysfunctional family, but still.” He laughed. 
 
“Dysfunctional is normal to me.” She laughed. “I should go on upstairs.” She smiled back at him before she turned for the door. 
 



 
Back upstairs, Maddie could hear Alex’s voice through the door, he was on the phone, and didn’t sound too thrilled with whoever he was talking to. Maddie sneaked inside, quietly closing the door behind her. She walked through the suite to the bedroom, Alex looked over at her as he continued to pace the floor. 
 
“Shawn, I’m serious---do not play games with me here. This isn’t the time to be joking around. Did you--“ he paused and lowered his voice a little. “Did you all get rid of the body or not? Stop laughing!” he shouted once again. 

Maddie took a seat on the bed and quietly started to laugh herself as she could hear Shawn cackling on the other end. 
 
Alex plopped down on the bed in annoyance. “Noo I don’t think you should burn the bones; I don’t care if Cowboy and Evan think it’d be cool! Just---“ he stopped while Shawn continued to babble on and on. 

“Put Jett on the phone!”  He glanced over at Maddie rolling his eyes. 
 
“What are you grinning at?” he said giving her a crooked smile.
 
“You have some interesting friends.” 
 
“Tell me about it.” He muttered under his breath right before Jett came on the phone. 

“Yeah, what the hell was Shawn going on about?” he stood up to pace the floor again. Maddie could see the relief in his eyes as he listened to Jett. Obviously, Shawn had been joking around about not properly disposing Vance’s body…she hoped. 
 
“Is everything okay?” she asked as Alex hung up the phone. 
 
“Yeah, Shawn was just being his charming self.” He said sarcastically while sitting down beside her once again.  “Where’ve you been all morning?” 
 
“Went downstairs and talked to Dafne for a while, then she needed to leave, and forgot about Julian not being able to watch Eva so I watched her.” Ignoring the smirk on his face she continued. “Just for a little while until he was finished with what he was doing. Then we talked for a while.” 
 
“About what?” he asked, a little troubled. 
 
“Oh just…stuff.” Maddie shrugged, not sure how to answer him. 
 
“He tried to talk you out of it didn’t he?” Alex sighed as he lay back against the bed and the mountain of pillows piled on it. “I knew I shouldn’t have told him about the deal…the whole point was for you to make the decision on your own.” 
 
“And I am, He didn’t tell me to do one thing or the other, he just gave me his opinion about some things….” She stopped as Alex groaned and began rubbing his forehead in annoyance. Smiling, she climbed over on top of him to get his attention.

 “I have made up my mind, I made it up before I even talked to Julian, and he just helped me to be completely sure about my decision.” 
 
Alex timidly opened one eye. “Which is?” 
 
Maddie pulled her badge out of her back pocket, stared at it for a few moments before tossing it into the trashcan nearby. 
 
“I’m going with you. It may be crazy but---at least I’ll be happy. Delusional-ly happy.” 
 
“You’re sure about this?”
 
“Yes. Besides, do you honestly believe I could stand back and let them throw you in prison? I knew I wouldn’t be able to do that, but there were just some things I needed to work out I guess.” 
 
“Well…thank you.” He smiled that adorable smile that always made her heart start pounding in her ears as he pulled her closer to him. “How will I ever repay you?” 
 
Maddie touched his face, brushing his hair out of the way; he’d been in bad need of a haircut weeks ago. “Well there is something.” Alex pouted a little as she backed away from him. “You could take me on a date before all the madness begins.” 
 
“That’s what I’m working on getting started before you rudely interrupted.” He smiled evilly, pulling her back toward him.  “I brought you to Venice, what more do you want?” he smiled back at her as Maddie stayed silent.

 “All right, we’ll go out later this evening, I’ll show you around town. How’s that?” 
 
“And dinner?” 
 
“We already have plans, been invited to the anniversary celebration for Hugh and Sicilia.” 
 
“Aww how sweet, those two are so adorable!” 
 
“There you go again.” Alex sighed. 
 
“What?”
 
“You’ve got that look on your face. The same one you had when you saw me hold Eva for the first time.” 
 
Maddie pretended to be oblivious. “What, a smile? Who wouldn’t smile at a cute baby?” 
 
“Mads…you don’t have to be embarrassed by it.” She crinkled her nose a little at his new nickname for her. “I think it’s sweet.” 
 
She shrugged as her fingers laced around his. “I don’t know, I guess when you’re younger you imagine yourself to be at a certain place in your life at a certain age. I mean, several years ago I was sure that I’d be married by now and have kids.” 
 
“Just because it hasn’t happened yet doesn’t mean that it won’t ever.” with that, he finally pulled her back into his arms and silenced her depressed mood with a kiss, yet another calming moment before the proverbial storm. 
 
 
Maddie and Alex were finally able to enjoy a moment of total peace. They knew the road ahead of them was going to be long and exhausting. Alex had been running his entire life, so he knew a little more about what to expect than Maddie did, in a way that made it even harder for him. Knowing some of what lies ahead, he wanted to keep her shielded from as much of it as he could. 
 
Later that afternoon, Maddie was looking through the mixed-up ensemble of clothes that she brought along with her. The only thing she could find that was nice enough to wear was the same dress she had on the night before. 

“Dafne has this little shop downstairs.” Alex said as he noticed her frantically looking through her luggage. 

“Yeah, I know, I saw it earlier.” She said while staring at her wardrobe choices. Her usual t-shirt and jeans just weren’t going to cut it for a date in Italy. She wanted the day to be special. “I’ll be back.” 

“You want some money?” 

“I can handle it Sugar Daddy.” She called out before shutting the door.  

“Sugar Daddy?” Alex laughed to himself. 


Once Maddie was downstairs in the boutique, looking through the beautiful collection of dresses from actual Italian designers, she started to wish she had taken Alex up on his offer. She had to remind herself that she wasn’t back home, and this wasn’t exactly the clearance rack at JCPenney. 

“Better grab that one before Dafne gets it.” Julian teased as he walked by. “I saw her looking at it earlier. I keep telling her she has to leave at least a few for the paying customers.”

Maddie was holding up a long flowy black silk dress with a red rose design. “It’s so pretty. Would probably look better on her than me.” 

He took the dress from her and held it up under her chin. “Hmm, now I wouldn’t say that, but you didn’t hear it from me.” He winked as she felt her face flush a little. “Go try it on girl.” He grinned with practically the same evil smile that Alex had. “There’s a dressing room back there.” 

“If you insist.” She took the dress back from him. As soon as Maddie headed to the back, Julian walked over to the clerk at the front counter. “Let that young lady know her purchase is on the house when she checks out.” He turned back before walking off. “And tell her to pick out some nice shoes too. Actually…” he walked over and picked up a pair of stylish red heels that were on display. “Suggest these.” He hurried out before Maddie was finished in the dressing room. 

As she walked out of the boutique, with her shopping bags in hand, Maddie spotted Julian a few feet away, holding Eva. He was smiling as she walked over. Maddie couldn’t help but think about how these boys were all the same with their generosity. 

“Your Daddy is a prince.” She patted Eva on the head. “Thank you. You really didn’t have to do that.” 

“The way you were staring at that dress? Of course, I did.” He said as Maddie continued to gush over Eva. 

“And the shoes too?” 

“Oh, those shoes are smokin’ hot girl.” Maddie started laughing. “Besides, who knows when you two will have another date night?” 

“Yeah, that’s true.” 

“Better make it count.” He said as Dafne was walking over to them. 

“Show him a good time girl.” She smiled knowingly as Maddie was about to head back upstairs. 

“And I know you can pay me back someday anyway so…” Julian called out as she walked off. 

“Yeah I’ll remember that.” Maddie said laughing.

Chapter Eleven

The door to their suite was locked when Maddie returned. Alex had obviously stepped out for a few minutes while she was gone. She hurried inside and placed her bags on the bed before coming to a halt in front of the little vanity table. A large vase overflowing with red roses sat in the center of the table. 

She couldn’t take her eyes off them. It had been ages since anyone had sent her flowers, and these were all so fresh and beautiful. She picked up the folded-up note tucked away between the blooms. It simply read “Pick you up at 5.” They were going on an actual date, while they were also running for their lives it was all so surreal and hadn’t even started to sink in yet. But she was going with it.   

She finished getting ready and was making some final touch ups at the vanity mirror when there was a knock at the door. 

Opening the door Maddie felt her heart begin to race. Alex was dressed in a suit and tie. And even though she’d seen him dressed up before while they were working on the case, it still took her breath away. Maybe it was the fact that this time they weren’t heading off to work and now she could have him all to herself. 

“Wow.” He said in all sincerity. “You look amazing.” 

“So, do you.” 

“Did you get the flowers?” 

“I did.” She smiled. “They’re beautiful.” 

“I found some chocolates too.” He said, holding out a small box. “No bike this time though.” 

“That’s okay.” She took the little box of expensive candy and smiled up at him. “You’re too good to me.” 

“Not so sure about that.” He said, hoping she didn’t hang onto his words too much. “Are you ready to go?” 

“I’m going to bring these along.” She said holding up the box while shutting the door. 

They walked a little way down the street hand-in-hand before they reached the place to board the gondolas. Alex paid the gondolier and spent a little extra so that they’d have the ride all to themselves. 

The sun was about to set which created the perfect backdrop for their ride. Their gondolier suggested that they avoid the crowded area of the Grand Canal, so they chose to go along the quiet and more romantic San Polo.

Maddie and Alex were busy sharing the box of chocolates and talking about how adorable Eva was. 

“Those cheeks are just so chubby. I could eat em up.” Maddie smiled before Alex put another piece of chocolate in her mouth. “She just precious.” 

“Yeah when they asked me to be their guardian, they made sure it was while I was holding her for the first time. Sealed the deal right there.” 

“You’d make an awesome dad.” Maddie said before she even realized what she was saying. But it didn’t seem to faze him. Alex was quiet for a few seconds. 

“So how many do you want?” 

Maddie picked out another chocolate square and held it up to his mouth. “How many what?” 

“Kids.” 

“Oh. I don’t know. Two? Maybe three?” 

He was surprised that she answered back so calm. She wasn’t shocked by his question, no anger or comments about him being delusional. 

“Five or six?” 

“Don’t push it.”  She said as he started laughing. “Unless you’re planning to adopt.” 

He shrugged. “That’d work too.” 

“We’re on our second date and talking about how many kids we’re going to have?” 

“I get this stuff backwards; you should know that by now.” 

Once their ride was over, they took a walk throughout the city, admiring all the historic architecture surrounding them. It was so calm and peaceful even with the hundreds of tourists running around. Maddie and Alex were in their own little world and enjoying every second of it. 

“I have a question.” Maddie spoke up after they found a park bench to sit on. 

“Twenty questions again?” 

“Just a few things that I haven’t figured out yet.” 

Alex was hesitant but knew they couldn’t continue keeping secrets. “Ok shoot.” 

“Were you even a cop?” 

“Yes, still one actually. After moving to the States, I wanted to try to do something where I could use my skills for good instead of the alternative.” 

Maddie nodded. “But the penthouse and the Jaguar, where’s all the extra money coming from?” 

“Uhm well, that’s from some other jobs I’ve taken on over the years.” 

“From the Phoenix thing?” 

“No, just different people, clients.” He was trying to find the best way to explain his side jobs without scaring her away. “I take care of the people that slip through the cracks. The criminals that don’t get their fair share of justice. For the victims or their families.” 

“So, like a vigilante?”

“That’d be it.” He said relieved when she didn’t jump up and run away. 

“Kind of like a superhero?” Maddie smiled. 

“I wouldn’t go that far love.” Alex laughed. 

They started walking back to the hotel hand-in-hand. Maddie was still filled with questions and wasn’t sure where to start. 

“I found a picture at Daniel’s while I was there investigating. Pretty sure it was of you, Daniel and Angus.” 

“He still had that?” a smile crept up on his face. 

“Yeah, you three looked pretty close in it.” 

“Daniel and I were friends but never really that close. He always seemed a bit unhinged even at that age.  Angus and I were much closer. I think we were more like brothers than him and Dan.” 

“So, what happened?” 

“When we escaped, Angus went along with it. Up until we all got to the States. That’s when we found out he had let Vance and Renir know about our plans.” 

“Why did he do that?” 

“Your guess is as good as mine.” Alex shrugged. “Money, blackmail, I’ve never been able to figure it out.” 

“Have you tried talking to him about it?” 

“I have, we all have. We can’t get anything out of him. It’s a big mystery love, I don’t know. I really wish I could figure it out.” 

“Do you miss him?” 

“Yeah, I miss how things used to be. He was my best mate, you know?” he said sadly as they reached the door of the hotel. “But now he’s just another enemy.”  

“Maybe you could reconcile one day.” Maddie said as Alex gave her a doubtful look. “Well, you’ve been through a lot together or at least it sounds that way. You shouldn’t throw away a friendship like that.” 

“I’m not the one that did the throwing away bit love.” 

He pulled her closer to him as they stopped in the hotel’s lobby area. “But enough about me and Angus. Did you have a good time?” 

“I always have a good time with you.” She smiled as he leaned down for a kiss, pulling her even closer to him. 

They were getting lost in the moment, not paying any attention to the many people who were walking by, until Julian spoke up. 

“Hey, get a room you two.” He chuckled. “We have children running around here. I’m gonna get complaints.” He winked at Maddie. 

“We were providing some free entertainment.” Alex said to him. 

“Oh, in that case I’ll book you for midnight.” Julian playfully punched him on the shoulder.  “Sound good?” he grinned while walking away from them. 

“We’ll keep them waiting eh?” Alex responded as Maddie looked back and forth in confusion while both guys had the expression of a couple of teenage girls trying not to laugh.  

“Give em a little delayed gratification.” Julian replied as they both started laughing. “Call me loves, we’ll set things up. Get this party started right.”  

“That boy…” Maddie shook her head smiling to herself while thinking of everything Dafne had to deal with. “He’s not all there is he?” 

“Jules stays in some weird fantasy realm most of the time.” Alex laughed. 

“What exactly was he talking about?” 

“I’ll tell you later.” He continued to laugh. “We should probably go on upstairs.” Maddie took his hand and started to lead him toward the stairway. 

“Let’s take one of the elevators instead.” 

“Are you in a hurry?” she asked. 

“Maybe.” The evil smile had returned. They waited until everyone cleared out of the elevator before they stepped on. The doors closed and they were going up to their floor when Alex walked over to the control panel and shut off the power. 

“Seriously?” Maddie laughed, half amused, and half intrigued. “Alex, these are for the guests…people are waiting.” 

“That’s why there’s two.” He said walking over, backing her into the corner. “Trust me, it’s fine.” 

“So, you’ve done this before?” 

“Let’s just focus on right now doll.” 

“Okay.” She sighed as he started kissing the side of her neck while also working on the zipper of her dress. 

“I wanted to do this back when we were working on the case, but never could find the right moment.” 

“Really?” Maddie was a bit surprised at his confession. They weren’t officially together until after they stopped working undercover at Montgomery-Lewis. “When was that exactly?” 

“Our first day there. You in that dress. You still hated me at that point, which made it even worse, or better.” 


Meanwhile out in the front lobby, an older woman walked over to the front desk where Dafne was assisting guests.

“Excuse me miss, the elevator seems to be out of order.” 

“Oh?” Dafne said back confused. 

“Yes, it doesn’t seem to be moving.” 

Julian cleared his throat as he walked over to Dafne. “I called maintenance they’ll be up to fix it. The other elevator should be working just fine ma’am. Thank you for letting us know.”  

“Alex and Maddie are back from their date.” Julian told her as the old lady waked away.  

“I’m going to start booking the elevator for him from now on instead of a room.” Dafne laughed to herself. 











 
 
          




That evening the hotel’s outdoor restaurant was aglow with colorful lanterns and festive balloons, a live band played to couples dancing on the wide-open floor and a tall, fancy chocolate cake stood in display next to where Hugh and Sicilia were seated. 

Julian stepped up on the stage to congratulate the guests of honor and give a small speech. The band started to play again, and Maddie wondered why he wasn’t returning back to their table, until he started to sing. She stared at Dafne who simply smiled back before dreamily looking up at her husband as he continued with a beautiful love ballad dedicated to the happy couple. 

“Oh my god.” Maddie whispered to Alex as couples started to move out onto the dance floor. “His voice is beautiful.”

“He’s a talented little bugger, isn’t he?” he grinned before taking her hand and leading her out on the floor. “Come on. Dance with me. That is if I can distract you for just a moment.” He joked as they started to dance.

“Alexander are you jealous?” she teased, draping her arms around his neck. Alex pulled her closer hastily in response. 

“He’s hardly a threat.” He smiled. “he hasn’t learned all your little secrets like I have.” 

“Yeah, he’d probably be too much for me to handle.” Maddie sighed then laughed at his discontented face. “I’m kidding, really. Alex!” she giggled before he twirled her around on the dance floor and finished with a kiss.  


After the performance Julian turned the show back over the band and headed back to join the others 

“That was amazing!” Maddie said giving him a hug. “Your voice is so beautiful!” 

“Yes, my girlfriend is in love with you.” 

“Wouldn’t be the first time.” 

Maddie turned to Dafne. “Is he always like this?” she only nodded and rolled her eyes in response. 
“I’ll take Alex off your hands if you want to deal with this one for a while.” She laughed. “Now, Alex…” Dafne warned while Julian pulled her away from the table to the dance floor. “Evie can have some ice cream but just a little. I mean it!” she said, pointing at him as he smiled back. 
 
“I can’t hear ya love, loud music and all…” 
 
“You’ll hear it fine when I bring her to your room tonight, all hyped up from the sugar.” 
 
“Ah, fine by me.” He shrugged, irritating Dafne more and more with that evil smile. She pointed at him once more before turning away. 

“I may take back my offer Maddie. Neither one wants to behave.”

“We can just leave them here and go out ourselves.” 

“Hey, now you’re talking.” She agreed while quickly following behind Julian. 
 
“You’re treading on dangerous territory you know.” Maddie said as Alex gave Eva a wink before grabbing a large bowl of vanilla ice cream. “Dafne was giving you the death glare.” 
 
“Oh, Mum’s bark is worse than her bite isn’t it doll?” He said while Eva chewed away on a baby spoon. He looked over at Maddie who was starting to give him the same cautionary look.
 
“Oh, all right.” He said, pushing the bowl out of the baby’s reach. “I’ll be good.” 
 
“For now, at least.” Maddie smiled back at him. Someone tapping Alex on the shoulder soon interrupted the intense staring contest they had going on. 
 
“Pardon me Signore.” Hugh smiled brightly. “May I please have a dance with the most beautiful lady in the room.” 
 
Maddie giggled as she held out her hand. “I’m sure you’ve said that to all the ladies tonight.” 
 
“One or two perhaps, but who’s counting?” He said back happily. 
 
“You two have fun.” Alex said as he watched Maddie get whisked away to the dance floor, surprised to see that the old man had better moves than he did. 
 
“Well, looks like it’s just you and I love.” He turned back to Eva who threw her spoon to the floor and started kicking her feet. “Now why’d you do that for hm?” Alex picked up the spoon and sat it out of her reach. The little girl’s face beamed as he leaned over to kiss her cheeks. 
 
“Unhh.” Eva said, reaching out toward the ice cream bowl. 
 
“I don’t know…your mum really doesn’t want me to…” 
 
Eva’s big brown eyes looked at him confused, was he actually refusing to do something for her? “Unnhh.” she said again, grabbing for the bowl. 
 
“Oh, now don’t do all that…” Alex said as her bottom lip began to pucker. That did him in. 

“Fine, but not a word to Mummy.” He whispered, giving her a tiny spoonful. Eva bounced around in her seat, immediately wanting more. 
 

“Alex!” the shrill sound of Dafne’s voice was enough to make the hair stand up on the back of his neck. “That’s not a little bit!” she shrieked, staring at the nearly empty bowl and Eva’s ice cream covered hands in horror. 
 
“In my defense, most of that ended up on me.” He said laughing and wiping his shirt. 
 
“I shouldn’t have left them alone.” Maddie walked over to the table, shaking her head as she helped Dafne clean up Eva. 
 
“I think I shall go find the loo….” Alex sneaked away, dodging Dafne’s glaring eyes and laughing to himself as he could hear her cursing him in Italian. Quickly, he slipped around the corner to the restroom. 
 
Alex stared at his reflection in the mirror inside the dimly lit room, he was back at that point once again, hating to face himself, and all the things he had done. Now Maddie was willingly going to take part in all this, but would she still want to once she knew everything? 

He turned off the sink and looked around for the paper towels, when he suddenly realized he wasn’t alone, just a few seconds too late. 
 
Out of nowhere, a hand grabbed the back of his head and slammed his forehead into the mirror. Alex turned quickly, pulling his assailant headfirst into the sink. The man rose up and headed toward him again, knife in hand. Alex didn’t recognize him, though he could barely see anything after the blow to the head. 
 
As the guy lunged forward, Alex grabbed him by the shoulders and threw him into one of the empty stalls. 
 
“Aw, damn it.” He said annoyed, going in to inspect the damage. “Make that two murders.” He sighed, kicking the attacker further into the stall. He spotted an out of order sign and quickly placed it on the door and then cleaned up the best he could before returning outside. He had to find Julian, fast. 
 
“Land sakes my boy…” Hugh said in surprise as he stopped Alex. Maddie was walking over to them when she stopped in horror. “You got into a bit of a brawl did ya?” 
 
Alex tried to appear calm, but Maddie’s terrified face wasn’t helping. “Ah, some bloke thought I was hitting on his lady.” He said, shrugging Hugh off as he pulled Maddie aside. 
 
“What happ---“ 
 
“We need to leave.” He cut her off as they went to find Julian, who was back at their table. 
 
“Oh, you found him hm?” Dafne said with her head turned, still ill with Alex over the ice cream, she hadn’t noticed the cut above his eye that was starting to bleed badly. She then looked up with the same horrified expression that Maddie had. 
 
“Where are they?” Julian asked him. 
 
“There was one, in the restroom. Get them inside.” 
 
Dafne picked up Eva and started toward the entrance. “Maddie---“ she whispered, motioning her to come along. 
 
Maddie looked back and forth between them. “I’m staying with you.” 
 
“Maddie---“ 
 
“No! I’ve made my mind up, it starts now.” 
 
Alex hesitantly nodded for Julian to go on, though he was still determined to make Maddie go inside.

 “I really wish you would have gone with them---“ 
 
“And where am I going to hide when we leave here?” she shot back as she followed behind him. He didn’t have an answer for her because he knew she was right. 

“You can’t expect me to go in there and put that baby’s life in more danger than it may already be in, I won’t do it.” 
 
“Okay, fine.” He silenced her, taking her hand as they snuck alongside the hedges around the hotel. “You’re staying with me.” 
 
“Good.” Maddie replied, taking a few deep breaths while reality sank in. This was all really starting to happen, right now. And--- “Um…We don’t have any weapons.” She whispered. 
 
Alex looked back at her. “Yeah…welcome to my world.” He started to walk forward when Maddie pulled him back. 
 
“Well, then what are we going to do?” 
 
Alex tried not to smile given the situation, “Just follow me, I know that’s going to be difficult for you and all. “ 
 
“Oh, shut up.” She grumbled forcing out a smile to show him she was okay while inside she was having a nervous breakdown. They were about to turn a corner when Alex almost ran into Julian head-on. 

“What the hell Jules?” Alex asked as he took a pair of guns from him. “You have a family to protect.” 

“That’s exactly what I’m doing.” He looked back and ignored Alex’s disapproving glare. “I’m not helping my girls by hiding in the corner with them. We need to eliminate these bastards before they start to multiply.” 

“There’s a boat dock up ahead, you know where it is. You and Maddie take the motorboat to the pier. Toby should have the jet there by now.” He looked around the corner and could see more enemies heading their direction. “Go. I’ll cover you.” 

Alex was already hesitant, when he turned to grab Maddie’s hand, she was shaking her head. “No, Alex we can’t leave him here.” She whispered in fear. 

“He’s got this. It’s okay.” 

“You don’t sound too sure of it yourself.” 

Julian glanced back at them with a smile. “Obviously you haven’t told her about Sicily. Go on, get out of here.”  He said right before shots were fired in their direction. 

“There’s too many for you to take on alone.” Maddie ran ahead of the boys unaware of just how many Phoenix Soldiers were around the corner. 

 “I told you she never listens.” Alex sighed as he started after her. 

Maddie took a few cautious steps ahead across the dark patio where tables were set up for dining outside. It looked completely empty. Maybe the boys were wrong. Maybe there was only one assailant there in the restroom because there was absolutely no one that she could see. Although someone had been there firing shots.

She felt Alex’s arm wrap around her from behind as he pulled her down to the ground before more shots were fired. Julian shot back from behind a structure while Maddie was still trying to figure out where the shots had come from in the first place. They crawled over to where Julian was situated and waited for a chance to get back out into the open. While they had a few seconds to spare, Maddie started pulling at the straps of her heels. 

“They’ll run out in a bit.” Alex peered over the short wall that they were leaned against and back before sinking back down behind their shield. “Always do.” 

“Yeah then the hand-to-hand combat starts.” Julian yelled. “Hey, what are you doing?” 

“I can’t fight in these.”

“She’s not a heel-wearing type of girl mate. Surprised she’s had them on this long.” 

“Maybe she just doesn’t wear them for you.” he yelled as bullets were flying over their heads. Maddie glared at them, were they really this desensitized to everything? 

“Are you guys seriously joking around while we’re being ambushed here?” 

“Ambushed.” Julian chuckled. “She’s cute Al.” 

“Just another day at the office love. You still have a few rounds?” Alex asked. 

“Yeah, I think so. I got it.” She replied as the shots ceased and it became eerily quiet. 

“Good. Just remember I told you to go back to the hotel.” He said before they stood up and the real fight began.  

The enemies ran forward, fortunately there were only four to their three, so they still had a fighting chance. Maddie remembered their armor was weak in the neck and leg areas from the night at Daniel’s, so she took a shot and grazed the neck of one culprit who fell to the ground in a bloody mess. It helped to even out the odds but after taking a few shots and missing the first few times before she finally made contact, she was now out of bullets.

She took a few seconds to glance over at Alex who was using his gun to strike the man in the face and tackle him down to the ground. To her left, Julian just picked up a guy that looked twice his size and threw him into several glass patio tables. 

That left only one more assailant who was charging toward her at full speed. Maddie’s first instinct was to block him as she tried to remember every self-defense move, she was taught but nothing was coming to mind during the struggle. The man’s hands ended up around her neck, tightly gripping while she had the same tight hold on his wrists trying to get released. He was lowering her down to the ground while she was gasping for air when he took a sudden blow to the head from an iron rod used to hold the umbrellas up on the patio tables. 

As she scrambled to her feet and Alex raced over to join her, she watched as Julian twirled the rod around before plummeting it into the guy’s chest. The squelching noise it made was enough to haunt her for the rest of her life, not to mention the bloody sight all around them. 

“You’re pretty damn good at this.” Julian smirked. “But you guys should get going, really. The jet’s already waiting I’m sure.” He gave Maddie a hug while she was still in a daze. “We’ll have to do this again sometime.” 

“Get to the hotel.” Alex ordered hugging him quickly. “Now.” 

“I’m on my way there right now. Oh.” He stopped and picked up Maddie’s red heels. “Don’t forget your shoes.” 

 
 

They reached a clearing and Maddie caught up to him while they walked past a few people. “Just act normal, the last thing we need is an island full of panicked people.” He whispered in her ear. “Head to the boat dock, Jules has a motorboat there we can take to the pier.” 
 
“And then what?”
 
Alex kept looking over their shoulders as they walked quickly to the dock. “We uh---we’ll know more when we get there.” 
 
“I was afraid of that.” Maddie said. They reached the boat and climbed aboard. The wind was chilly as they sped through the water, but luckily it appeared that they had not been followed. If they could make it out of Venice fast, then they may have a chance, or at least they’d have a head start. 
 
“I called Toby earlier, he was supposed to send a helicopter out here for us.” 
 
“What? How did you know we’d need one?” 
 
“We suspected someone was around, and this morning Tinky was able to hack into their phones, found out that Renir was sending some people here.” 
 
“Wait.” Maddie interrupted. “You’ve known about this? All day long? Why am I just now hearing about it?” 
 
“For a number of reasons, for one we weren’t positive that anyone would show up and there wasn’t any need to worry you…” he paused when she started to look annoyed, or more annoyed anyway. “Or anyone else for that matter. The last time there was trouble here, the guests found out, it was a disaster.”  
 
“So, I’ve heard.” 
 
“And also, I guess, I didn’t want to ruin your day. You’ve been so relaxed and happy all day long, I didn’t want to be the one to take that away from you.” 
 
Maddie looked back at him appalled. “That’s very considerate of you Alex!” 
 
“Fine, I will no longer take your feelings into consideration.” He said angrily.
 
“Never bothered you before!” 
 
“Oh, piss off Maddie, I thought we were past all that!” 
 
“And I thought we were in this together, that’s why you put me on the spot and made me decide between my normal life and and---you!” she yelled back in frustration. “We can’t work together if you keep me in the dark like this! I’m either with you or I’m not!” 
 
He was about to apologize; he knew he should have told her. And he needed to try to stop being so protective of her, that attitude clearly wasn’t going to work while on the run. They had a lot of kinks to work out in their relationship and were going to have plenty of time to do so. But right now, they had more important things to worry about, like staying alive for instance. 
 
Alex leaned forward to reach for her hand when suddenly the boat began to rock and then turn completely over. The icy cold water was a shock but neither of them had time to worry about the temperature as they were both fighting off a couple of Phoenix soldiers. 
 
Maddie struggled with a man in scuba gear who kept pushing her underwater. She caught a glimpse of Alex for a few seconds before being plunged into the water again. She finally gained some control as she swam over to the boat and tried getting back inside. The man pulled her back, but she managed to kick him in the face and get away for a moment. 
 
Alex was doing a little better than she was; he managed to punch his attacker several times before getting knocked back into the water once again. Maddie screamed when she saw him go under, it wasn’t looking good. Especially now that her attacker was regaining his strength and getting closer to her. 
 
She felt his hand grab her arm right before shots were fired, screaming again, Maddie turned around to see bright blood in the water behind her while the grip on her arm loosened. Alex finally resurfaced, struggling with his attacker when suddenly another gunshot echoed through the air.
 
“Are you okay?” Alex pulled Maddie over to him. She was looking around in the darkness, trying to see who made the shots. 
 
“Yeah, I think so.” 
 
“Five minutes early next time would be nice fellas.” Alex laughed as someone helped the two of them up on the boat dock. 
 
“Selfish bastard I’ll let yer arse drown next time ya got that mate?” Toby joked, lighting up a cigarette. 
 
“Hey who made the other shot?” Shawn said, walking over holding onto an AK-47. Maddie recognized his voice from when he was on the phone earlier that day.
 
Alex shrugged. “I thought you did.”
 
“No doofus, it came from over there! Wasn’t Jett, he was here with me.” 
 
“Right here.” Everyone turned around to see Julian walking over to them. “Don’t look so shocked.” He smiled. 
 
“Yeah Sicilian Job!” Shawn said happily as they high fived. “You’re back!” 

“I never left. Not since you all dragged my ass out of that warehouse.” He said giving Shawn a hug. 

“I thought you were going back inside.” Alex asked. 

“And I thought you two were taking the boat, not swimming.” Julian grinned. “I went inside for a few minutes then I was worried no one was here to back you up.”
 
“Are Dafne and Eva okay?” Maddie asked. 

“They’re fine. I believe that was the last of em. but you all should go. They’ll be on your trail before you know it.” 
 
“Seriously why are we standing around here waffling? This man knows what he’s saying. Let’s move.” Toby said as he headed for his helicopter. Maddie was trying to figure out whose side this guy was on.
 
“I’ll give them both a hug and a kiss from you.” Julian said to Maddie as he gave her a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek goodbye. He grabbed Alex by the hand. “Stay Alive. Take care of Miss Badass here.”
 
“I’ll do my best.” He replied before they ran off with the others toward the helicopter, leaving the beautiful sanctuary of Venice behind. 
 
 
 
 
       

Maddie sat huddled up next to Alex as they started up into the air. Jett gave her a wave from the pilot’s seat next to Toby while Shawn sat across from them, smiling like he was up to no good. 
 
“So, you must be the infamous Maddie. Shawn Hill.” She shook his hand, still very traumatized by everything. 
 
“Yeah I recognized your voice from the phone call earlier.” She smiled as Shawn laughed loudly. He reminded her of all those crazy class clown jocks she went to high school with, and of Jay so much it nearly broke her heart. 
 
“Guilty as charged.” He nodded, ignoring Alex who rolled his eyes. “That asshole up there is Toby Hermani, you get used to his attitude after a while. Well actually,” he paused and looked over at Alex as they both shook their heads. “No, no you never get used to it.” He chuckled as Toby flipped him off. “And I take it you already know Jett?”
 
“Yeah we met.” Jett spoke up. “How you liking that bike?” 
 
“Not really had a chance to ride it much.” 
 
“I heard that.” He replied before he went back to communicating through the radio as Toby turned in his seat. 
 
“She’s a real sex kitten there Al, fuckin’ cute.”

“Maddie, Toby.” Alex introduced them. “He has no filter.” 

“What the hell is a filter?” he laughed. “Want a draw sweetheart?” 

“She’s a cop dumbass.” Shawn spoke up while Alex held up his hand. 

“So is that one but it never stopped him before.” Toby laughed while Maddie glared up at Alex. “What? Just to take off the edge, you both look a wee bit stressed my love.” 

“She doesn’t do that.” Alex replied as Maddie leaned forward and took the joint from Toby. Inhaling without flinching before handing it back to him. 

“That’s good shit. I wasn’t always a cop.” She felt the need to explain when she caught a glance of Alex’s expression. 

“Give me that.” Alex spoke up as Toby started laughing. 

Maddie settled back against Alex’s shoulder, so grateful to be out of harm’s way for the time being. Grateful for this crazy group of misfits that saved her life.

She already knew Jett was a total sweetheart underneath all that muscle. Toby…was a wild card but he seemed to be good, although it was hard to tell with that mean streak clearly visible in his eyes.  And Shawn was downright adorable. She watched as he twisted around in his seat until he found a comfortable position and closed his eyes. But surely, he wouldn’t be able to fall asleep with all the noise coming from the huge chunk of metal they were riding in.
 
Several minutes later Alex leaned over to whisper in her ear, over Shawn’s snoring. “I’m sorry.” 
 
Maddie shook her head and stopped trying to figure out the sleeping grizzly bear across from her. “For what?” 
 
“We were sort of in the middle of a huge argument before we nearly drowned.” 
 
“Oh that.” She nodded, barely able to remember what they were even fighting about. “Don’t worry about that now.” 
 
“But you were right, I do need to stop being so protective. You need to be aware of everything that’s going on. So, what we’re doing now is heading to my place in Brooklyn to pick up a few things, then we’ll be heading out to Mexico. We’re going to drive there; I thought it’d be safer that way. Too much tracking in the air.” 
 
“Ok…” she replied slowly, taking everything in. “So, are we going to the island once we get to Mexico?” 
 
“No, I thought we’d stay around a while, a friend has a place for us to stay. We’ll need to catch our breath and get ready for the next step.” 
 
“Then we’ll be going to the island?” 
 
“If nothing else gets in the way, yes.” He said as she laid over against his shoulder. 
 
“I want to do this Alex, no matter what happens. I’ve already made my decision.” 
 
“I know that. And I believe you can handle it. Just wish you didn’t have to do it.” He said as she closed her eyes.

Chapter Twelve

 
Maddie somehow managed to fall asleep for a few minutes; she woke up to a loud thud. Thinking they had crashed, she jumped up frantically only to realize that Shawn had fallen out of his seat once they had landed. 
 
They left the helicopter in a hurry after a very quick goodbye. Obviously, something Maddie would have to get used to, there wasn’t any time for hugs and long conversations while on the run. She was sure that they’d end up seeing Shawn and the others once again before it was all over.

They hurried across the hotel’s roof to a locked elevator. Alex put in the code and the doors chimed open. 
 
“Sorry we had to leave all your clothes behind. I should be able to find something for you inside for now.” 
 
“It’s fine.” She said, rubbing her head. “Julian made sure I got my shoes. If nothing else, we can sell them for a couple thousand I’m sure.” 
 
Alex chuckled a little at that as the doors opened to a small, empty lobby “Are you all right?” he asked.
 
“A little overwhelmed but I’ll be okay.” 
 
“You can sit down and rest for a few while I get everything together.” 
 
Maddie leaned against the wall as he unlocked the door. “I’m not going to get a tour?” she joked. Alex just smiled back before they walked inside. She looked around the dark empty penthouse. It wasn’t as extravagant as she imagined. Sure, it was filled with lots of expensive things but there was a sad and lonely feel to it all. 
 
“You know you’re welcome to look around, make yourself at home.” Alex said before he disappeared into one of the back rooms. Maddie sank down into the leather sofa and stared across at the ridiculous 75” flat screen TV. She wondered if he’d ever even watched it. 
 
Bored with her five seconds of peace and quiet, Maddie got up to look around. The kitchen area was located behind her, beautiful stainless steel everything shined brilliantly as if it had just been cleaned that morning. She cringed looking down at her bare feet on the white fluffy carpet. 
 
“This place is spotless; do you have a maid or something?” she asked once she found him in the bedroom. 
 
“Yeah.” He said back in a perfectly normal tone. As if everyone had a maid. 
 
“Oh. Well, of course you do.” She said, running her fingers over the luxurious comforter covering the king-sized bed. 
 
“Found some clothes for you.” He said, handing her a bag already packed. Maddie opened it up to find, to her surprise, women’s clothing. She assumed he was just going to find her some old t-shirts of his own. 
 
“Um…okay. Where did you get all this?” 
 
“I. Well they were…” he stumbled over his words while Maddie raised an eyebrow at him. “They were just left here, okay?” 
 
“By whom?” 
 
Alex sighed. “We don’t have time for this, they’re yours now. That’s all that matters.” He hurried back into the walk-in closet before she could say anything else. “Do you think they’ll fit okay?”
 
“I don’t know. Am I fatter than your ex-girlfriend?” she yelled. 
 
Alex was laughing as he ran back out and playfully knocked her against the bed. “I don’t know you might be; I’ll have to double check later.” He smiled as her hands went into his hair, pulling his face toward hers. “Much much later as we need to hurry love.” 
 
“But it’s a very big bed!” she whined as he pulled her to her feet. “Do you not want me to tarnish all the memories you had with ol’ whatsherface?” she grinned evilly. 
 
“Just…stop it.” He laughed. “Your jealously is adorable, but I really don’t want to talk about it.” 
 
“What was her name?” 
 
“We’re not having this conversation!” he said as he went back to packing. 
 
“Oh, be that way then. We’ll have loads of time to talk about it later.” She giggled, taking a change of clothes to the bathroom. 
 
Returning back to the bedroom a few minutes later, she caught a glance at the two very large bags that he pulled out of the closet. “What’s all this?” 
 
“Things we’ll be needing.” He said while she unzipped one of the bags, overflowing with money. 
 
“Ever heard of a bank?” 
 
“Yeah, banks get robbed, and hacked into.” He said, zipping the bag back up. “Why don’t you go look in the pantry and see if there’s any snacks still in date that we can take with us.” 
 
“All right I’ll stop being nosey. Wouldn’t want to find any love notes lying around!” she yelled as she walked out into the hallway, dodging a pillow being thrown at her. 
 
 
She found the light switch in the pantry, there wasn’t too much to choose from, obviously the maid had gotten rid of everything that had expired. 
 
“Obviously Maddie…” she mumbled to herself as she grabbed a box of snack cakes. “The maid took care of it already; doesn’t your maid at home do that? Well maybe she would if I paid her better. God I’m being sarcastic with myself…” she sighed “Ooo chocolate!” she cheered up once she found Alex’s candy stash. 
 
“Oh, what’s this, chocolate candy hearts? Allllex!” she sang out playfully, wanting to aggravate even more when the abrupt slamming of the pantry door startled her. 
 
“Oh, don’t be a baby, I was just playing around!” she said trying to open the door. “Alex? Come on. Let me out. Al---“ she covered her mouth when she heard footsteps outside and then the sound of gunshots firing. 
 
She wasn’t sure if she could hear Alex or not, it all happened so fast, there was so much noise going on outside that she couldn’t make out anything. 

Then it stopped. Everything got quiet. The door swung open and someone placed a cloth over her face and pulled Maddie out of the pantry, soon everything went dark. 
 
 
 

 



It was like a horrible nightmare or some type of out-of-body experience. That was the only way she knew how to describe it. Being awake enough to hear what was going on but not being able to open her eyes. 

She remembered asking Abby about it once and she told her that it was called Sleep Paralysis, which in itself sounds terrifying enough. She’d only experienced it a couple of times, when she was really young. The first time was not long after her mom had passed away, the second time, right after her Dad’s murder. But it hadn’t happened since then, so she was sure she’d grown out of it, or maybe it had never happened at all. Maybe she had just imagined it. 
 
But to her dismay, that wasn’t the case. It was happening again. Maddie was awake, but she couldn’t move at all. Yet she could hear everything going on, though the voices seemed to blend together. Some she didn’t recognize at all, and one she thought she did but wasn’t sure. Then she could feel something wet against her hand, continuously. It was starting to get annoying. 
 
She heard a door shut and somehow, she snapped out of her stance and was able to open her eyes. An unfamiliar ceiling was above her, and she noticed she wasn’t restrained in any way so that was a good thing. But what the hell was making a meal out of her hand?
 
“Thorn!” she whispered happily as she sat up a little to pet the dog, so glad to see a familiar face, even if it wasn’t human. 
 
“Aye, the stupid mutt woke her up.” A very tall guy with a shaven head walked over to the bed. Thorn turned to him and growled. 
 
“Good boy.” She said assertively as she rose to her feet. Taking a step back when a gun a pointed at her chest. 
 
“You best be sitting back down miss.” He smiled as his partner cocked another gun behind Maddie, aiming at her head. 
 
“Um, I probably should but it appears the dog doesn’t like either one of you so, I think I’ll just go with him.” She started backing toward the door, Thorn stayed in front of her, shining his teeth as he backed up with her, step by step. 
 
“Just shoot the damn dog Martin!” the other, skinnier guy yelled out. 
 
“I’m not shooting the dog! He’d rather me shoot the girl than shoot the dog!” 
 
The door opened as Maddie was just inches away from it. “Damn right you better not shoot the dog.” 
 
She was nearly delusional. it couldn’t be helped. It wasn’t that she trusted him; it was just the fact that she knew him. Maddie spun around and wrapped her arms around Angus’ neck as soon as she heard his voice. 
 
“Happy to see you to.” He said, his tone was cold and indifferent. She looked up into his icy blue eyes, outlined in black, perfectly matching his hair that was no longer the light and beautiful shade of brown. 
 
“Would you have a seat back on the bed please?” Maddie didn’t move, she stared at him, utterly confused. She assumed she’d been wrong about him, but had she really been that wrong? 
 
“I said please.” He said, this time in a more demanding tone before he placed the end of a pistol to the bottom of her chin, pushing her head back. Tears started to fill her eyes as she slowly backed up toward the bed. 
 
“He’ll be here in the morning.” Angus talked to the other two men in the room as if Maddie wasn’t even there. “So, we’ll just have to sit tight until then.” They nodded and went back to their seats without another word. 

Martin sank back in a recliner with the newspaper while the skinny guy turned on the TV. Angus took a seat in the chair directly across from her. He just sat there and stared like she was a time bomb about to explode. At that moment, Thorn seemed to be the only other sane being in the room. 
 
Several minutes later, Angus apparently got bored with staring and finally spoke to her. “As long as you cooperate with us, we won’t have to restrain you.” 
 
“Oh, you’ve noticed that I’m still here?” she said as he smiled, slightly. 
 
“Yes, I’ve noticed.” He said walking over to her. “And also, if you give us the information we need, I may just let you leave…maybe.” 
 
“That’s not what the boss said.” 
 
“The boss is not here Sam.” Angus snapped back at him as he kept his eyes on Maddie. “If Miss Conley wants to cooperate, I’ll deal with Renir myself.” 
 
“As long as he knows that we didn’t have anything to do with it.” Martin said. 
 
“Trust me asshole, he’s not your biggest threat.” Angus shot back coldly. Maddie couldn’t believe this was actually the same person she’d gotten so close to just a few days ago. 
 
“What do you want?” she asked, holding onto Thorn tightly. 
 
“I want to know where the money is.” 
 
“I don’t k---“ 
 
“Then why are you on the run?” he got down in her face. “Huh? Why sneak away to Venice if you have nothing to hide?” 
 
“To spend time with my boyfriend.” She said back confidently as Angus backed off, there was that disgusted look once again. At least she was able to bring him off his high horse somewhat. 
 
“Look I’m doing you a favor here. You can either tell me where the money is, and I’ll let you go, or you can wait around until Renir gets here, and he’s not going to be as nice as I am.” 
 
“I think I’ll stay.” He really wished she wouldn’t be so stubborn. “Maybe I want to meet the guy that ruined my life.” 
 
Angus laughed to himself as he turned away from her. “You think Renir ruined your life? How’s that sweetheart? Please enlighten me.” 
 
“Simple, He killed my Dad. If that hadn’t happened, I wouldn’t be in this mess right now, plus I wouldn’t have grown up without my father!” she said back angrily. “So, yes, I think that qualifies for ruining my life.” 
 
Angus pretended to think for a moment. “Renir killed your dad? Really?” he asked sarcastically. He then pulled his chair toward the bed and sat in front of her. “You still don’t know do you?” he leaned over to  touch her face before Maddie smacked his hand away. 
 
“Stop playing games and get to the point Angus.” She spoke through tears. 
 
“You really want to know who shot Daddy?” his smile was pure evil as he viciously cupped her face in his hands. “If you ever see your precious Alex again, ask him about it.” 

Maddie stared back at him, not entirely sure what he was insinuating, until it clicked. Still, she wasn’t buying it. “Go to Hell.” 

He leaned over her, holding a blade to the side of her face. “Hell’s empty darlin’, and all the devils are here.” 
 
 
 
 







Chapter Thirteen 


“Home Sweet Home! You know, I never quite understood that saying until just now.” Jay ran around the Firebird and scooped Abby up in his arms, swinging her around the garage. “Welcome home Mrs. Carpenter.” 
 
“Shhh!” Abby covered mouth. “I don’t want to tell everyone just yet! What if Maddie heard?” 
 
“Don’t even know if she’s here, may still be at Darryl’s. Hey Freebird!” he called out loudly as they walked inside. Jay tapped on the wall of the empty loft. 
 
“I hope she’s okay…you know we could have at least called or sent her a text or something.” 
 
“Darryl said to leave her be, she was having a rough time with Alex not coming back. You know how she gets.” 
 
“Think she’ll be mad when she finds out we’re already married?” Abby winced slightly, not used to the idea of it yet herself. With all the drama they’d been through over the past few weeks, the two of them had decided there was no point in waiting forever to get married, so they visited a tiny chapel in Hawaii and made it official. 
 
“I think she’ll be thrilled that she won’t have to wear heels for your wedding now.” 
 
“Oh, we’re still having a ceremony, don’t think you’re getting out of that one Jason---“ Abby stopped talking immediately as they both stood outside Maddie’s bedroom. They slowly stepped inside. the room was a wreck! It looked as though someone had left in a hurry. 
 
“Why are the vent’s like that?” Jay stared up at the air vents that Alex had torn down. 
 
“Is anything missing?” 
 
“I don’t think so.” Jay looked around. Maddie’s laptop was still there, along with her TV, iPod, stereo. “I don’t think anyone broke in…” they froze when the house phone started to ring. 
 
“Who’s calling that number?” Abby asked confused as they raced to grab the phone. Jay didn’t recognize the caller when he picked it up. 
 
“Officer Carpenter?” 
 
“Yes?” Jay replied as he glanced at the Caller ID again. 
 
“If you want to know the whereabouts of Madelyn Conley, you’ll pay close attention to these instructions.” 
 
“Who is this?” 
 
“No questions.” 
 
“Fuck you and your instructions, if you’ve laid on hand on her…” 
 
“If you don’t pay attention and refuse to do as I say she will be dead before this call ends.” The stranger interrupted. “Now that I have your attention, here’s what you need to do.” 
 
 
 







Maddie’s eyes filled with tears while Angus clutched her face tighter. “I don’t believe you.” She choked out before he let go, and viciously turned to smack her across her face. She crawled away from him; shocked at the maniac he’d become, or perhaps had hidden from her in the past. 
 
“Of course, you don’t!” he yelled over Thorn’s barking. “Go!” He ordered the dog to the other side of the room, away from Maddie. 

“No one is going to believe my word over Alex’s.” he laughed with a hint of evil in his tone. “It's the fine line between an Angel and a Demon.” He leaned over her, touching her face. “It’s easily blurred.” 
 
“What did you do to him?” she asked with little hope of an answer. 
 
Angus’ voice took on a more calming tone as his fingers trailed along her jaw. “He’s fine. Don’t worry. I just needed to separate you two for a while. I knew he’d try to interfere.” 
 
“Take me to him.” She stared into his eyes, trying to stay calm. “Let me see that he’s all right and I’ll tell you where the money is. I’ll take you there myself!” 
 
“I don’t make deals with cops. Not even the pretty ones. Sorry.” 
 
“I’ve resigned.” She said as he looked at her curiously. 
 
“Really? Well in that case…” he stopped to think for a minute. “No.” he laughed at her disappointed face. “Sorry doll but you’re trying to con one of the best, remember?  It’s just not going to work. Now, if you tell me where the money is first…then we may be able to negotiate.” 
 
“Okay.” She took a deep breath as he backed away from her. “I’ll do it. I’ll tell you.” She slowly stood to her feet in front of him, Adrenaline pumping through her veins. She didn’t have time to think or make plans. And there was no one there to back her up.  This was it. “Agreed?” she said holding out her hand. 
 
He took it; she couldn’t believe he actually took her hand. Instantly she pulled him forward, kneeing him hard and pulled his gun out of his holster. Of course, this meant two guns were now pointing at her, but at least this time she had a weapon, And a dog. 
 
“Where is he?” she screamed at Angus still knelt over in pain. She walked closer to him, aiming the gun directly over his head. “Don’t think I won’t shoot you; I no longer have anything to lose.” 
 
He winced looking up at her. “You really should have run out the door when you had a chance.” Maddie caught sight of his watch and remembered it about ten seconds too late. Angus pressed the button and came after her like nothing had happened. He reached forward, throwing the gun in the floor before slamming her down on the bed like a football player on steroids.  Maddie struggled with him to get up, but he was a thousand times stronger than her at that point. 
 
“I didn’t want to have to do this, but you leave me no choice. Get the chair Sam. Tie her up.” 
 
“No!” Maddie got one arm free from his grasp just to have him take control once again. “I won’t fight you anymore. Angus, please? I just want to know that he’s okay.” She said as he picked her up with Martin’s help and they sat her down, tying her hands and feet to the chair. 
 
“I tried to make this easier for you.” Angus told her, with that strange sincerity back in his voice. Maddie was positive he had split personalities. “I really did, but you brought this all on yourself.” 
 
“Fuck you.” She said back bitterly as he purposely tightened the rope around her ankles. 
 
“Yeah… I think we tried that once. Too bad it didn’t work out hm?” he smiled evilly; holding out his hand while Sam tossed him a roll of duct tape. Maddie started to panic. 
 
“No, Angus please.” She pleaded, shaking her head as he started unrolling the tape. “I can’t even stand the thought of it, I won’t scream. I swear!” 
 
He stopped for a moment, staring at the fear in her eyes. He really hadn’t set out to torture her.
 
“All right.” He sighed in annoyance, laying the tape down. “But these guys don’t give a shit about you.  So, they will tape your mouth shut if they have to.” Maddie simply nodded in relief.
 
“Don’t let her up for any reason.” He said to the others, Martin looked over at him with a sinister grin on his face. 
 
“Can we do what we want to her as long as she stays tied up?” 
 
Angus blinked as his eye started twitching at the thought of it; he walked over giving Martin a convincing smile before swiftly punching him in the stomach.


”Just make sure she stays in the chair.” He rolled his eyes while Martin fell to the ground. Sam merely nodded, making sure he didn’t say anything out of the way as Angus headed for the door. 
 
He whistled so that Thorn would follow after him. “I’d leave you here, but you can’t be trusted, you little traitor.” He patted the dog on the head as they left the room. 
 
 
Several hours had passed by; Maddie was beginning to ache in places she didn’t realize you could ache. But she sat there quietly, not saying a word. Making sure she never made eye contact with Martin more than once. Sam seemed to be the less perverted one of the three. 
 
While sitting there doing nothing, she finally got a good look at where she was being held captive. It was an old Motel room; she would have sworn it was condemned had it not been for the electricity being on. It was hard to believe someone could actually charge for guests to stay in that dump. There were two beds, an old TV, recliner and two chairs, including the one she was tied to. 
 
“Got some food.” Angus said returning with Thorn right behind him. He sat a couple of pizza boxes down on the bed and the other guys eagerly got up to eat. Maddie’s stomach started growling at the sight of the food. 
 
“Hungry?” Angus asked her as he laid a slice of pizza on a paper plate. He was acting somewhat friendly again, for now. 
 
“Yeah, but I’m kinda tied up at the moment.” She said, trying to be as civil as possible. Fighting against him wasn’t getting her anywhere. 
 
He laughed a little, pulling the empty chair over to her and taking a seat. “Well, we can’t have you starving, here.” He held a plastic fork up to her mouth. She stared back at him as if he were insane. Or more so than usual that is. 
 
“You’re feeding me? This is ridiculous. Why don’t you just untie me? I’m not going to leave.” 
 
“Because I don’t trust you.” 
 
“Well that makes two of us!” 
 
“Exactly! Here. Eat.” He said as she reluctantly took the bite of food. “I got some sodas; sorry I didn’t get you any alcohol.” He gave a smartass grin; she would have punched him for that, if she could move. 
 
“That’s fine.” She said playing along. “Did you get yourself any cocaine while you were out?” 
 
“What?” he said back surprised. “What are you talking about?” 
 
“Or is it heroine you’ve been trafficking, with your shipping and receiving business?” 
 
“Ohh yeah, you went to stay with Julian. I forgot. So, what other lies did they feed you while you were there?” 
 
“Come on Angus, I’m tied to a chair. You kidnapped me, and Alex is God knows where…I’m sorry but Julian and Dafne are a little more believable in my book at the moment!” 
 
“Fine! I got into some trouble okay? It’s not like every single fucking member of the all mighty brotherhood hasn’t done any better. They’ve all killed. They’ve all gotten into so much illegal shit you wouldn’t imagine---“ 
 
“We’re not talking about them! We’re talking about you! You say you’re telling me the truth, but I’ve already caught you in a lie!” 
 
“We had just met when I told you what I did for a living Maddie! What was I supposed to say? Yeah, ‘Hi, I ship illegal drugs across the ocean, and I’m wanted in fifteen states…ya wanna go grab a fucking taco?”
 
“I just wish you had said something. Because I had a lot of faith in you. Even when others put you down…I still held onto the fact that you were honest with me. You didn’t care to tell me the truth, even if it hurt my feelings. And I liked that about you Angus. Then I found out that you had lied to me after all. That’s what hurt the most.” 
 
He gave her the last bite of pizza and held up the can of soda so that she could get a drink. “It sucks that things turned out this way but….” He stalled for a moment, as if he wanted to say more but couldn’t. “That’s just the way it goes.” He said getting up, so that he wouldn’t have to face her anymore. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




Chapter Fourteen
 
 
              It had been a long, restless night, but Maddie had somehow gotten used to those by now. To her surprise, Angus actually untied her and let her sleep in the bed. Martin and Sam took the other double bed, though they weren’t very pleased with that idea. A few choice words from Angus and a gun aimed at their heads made all the difference. Maddie slept with Thorn curled up beside her and Angus stretched out in the recliner next to her. 
 
After she’d had enough of Martin’s beady eyes staring at her, she turned her back to him, pulling the blankets around her as tightly as possible. Angus was out like a light almost the instant he had laid back in the chair. She wondered how he could go to sleep so easily with everything he had done.
 
She’d only slept a couple of hours at the most when she felt someone’s hand gently tapping her on the shoulder.
 
“Come on.” Angus whispered to her. She looked up at him, groggily. 
 
“What?”
 
“Shh!” he quickly covered her mouth. “Let’s go.” He whispered, motioning toward the door. 
 
He quietly motioned for Thorn to follow behind them and handed a gun to Maddie. She looked at him curiously; Angus just gave an annoyed sigh while shaking his head as if she should have known what was going on all along. 
 
They snuck past the bed where Martin and Sam were sleeping, pausing when Martin rolled over. Once he appeared to be settled, they started for the door again. 
 
“What the hell is she doing up?” Sam sat up in the bed. 
 
“Now!” Angus yelled, as he and Maddie both started shooting, causing Martin to wake up in a hurry. Glancing at the remains of Sam beside him, He grabbed his gun and ran toward the door, blocking it. 
 
“What the fuck is this? You’re helping her?” 
 
“Step aside Martin.” Angus seemed to ignore the barrel aimed at his head by his apprentice.  
 
“No, you’re not leaving. Neither one of you, especially not her!” 
 
“Just let me reason with you for a minute…” 
 
“Reason with me? Like you reasoned with Sam you bastard!” 
 
“I want you to tell Renir that she killed me and got away.” 
 
“What? No. I’m not---“ 
 
“Look, You’re next in line! If you tell him that, you’ll be moved up. I’m doing you a favor!” 
 
“A favor? Yeah and when he finds out that I lied to him I’ll be next in line for a hanging! No, I’d rather do this the right way.” He prepared to fire the gun. “Kill you myself and there won’t be any lies to worry about.” 
 
He was losing his grip; Maddie could tell as his hands were shaking and beads of sweat rolled down his face. For a split second, he wasn’t concentrating on her or the gun she was aiming at his head. She acted quickly, shooting him before Martin had any time to react. 
 
Angus took a calming breath as Martin’s body fell to the floor. “Good shot.” 
 
“Umm…aren’t you worried that someone may have heard that?” she asked while she grabbed Martin’s legs and they both moved him out of the way of the door. 
 
 
“No.” Angus replied. They walked outside; a dimly lit streetlight flickered overhead. “No one else is here.” He said, unlocking the red Lamborghini Estoque. 
 
“But, the owner of the motel?”
 
“He’s…out of commission.” He smiled at Maddie’s shocked expression. “Just get in the car.” 
 
Maddie opened the door while Thorn jumped into the backseat. Tires screeched as they sped out of the parking lot onto the lonely stretch of highway. They appeared to be in the middle of nowhere. 
 
She looked around as a cloud of dust whirled around the back of the car. They weren’t exactly on the busy streets of Brooklyn anymore. She looked out the window at the dark cloudless sky filled with billions of stars. “Where are we?” 
 
“You’re safe right now. That’s all you need to know.” 
 
Was he back to keeping secrets already? “Wrong answer Angus.” She replied, holding up the gun. 
 
“Oh, would you put that down for Christ’s sake! Maddie, it was an act! You were never in any danger!” 
 
“So, smacking me and tying me to a chair, was that an act too?” 
 
“I had to make it look good or else the others would have caught on. You were an undercover cop at one time, right?” He asked skeptically while Maddie glared back at him. 
 
“All I’m saying is that if… IF you’re telling me the truth, a little heads up would have been nice.” 
 
“Things were difficult enough as it was.” He glanced over at her and touched the side of her face. “Did I hit you that hard?” 
 
“Don’t touch me!” she angrily pushed his hand away. 
 
“You don’t have to be like that, I’m trying to save your ass here.” 
 
“How Angus? How is kidnapping me and holding me hostage helping?”  
 
He tried to come up with an explanation but wasn’t sure if anything he said would calm her down. “Just---trust me.” 
 
Maddie groaned as she slumped back into her seat, she’d had it up to her eyeballs with trust.
 
“Are you going to tell me where Alex is?” she sighed with her eyes closed. She felt as if she may as well be asking him when the apocalypse was going to happen. 
 
“He’s fine.” Angus replied bitterly. 
 
“How do you know?” 
 
“The people that have him are under my command. They’re not going to kill him. Don’t worry.” 
 
“Can you give me just one straight answer? Please? Is it really too much to ask?” 
 
“Fine, One straight answer, Not about Alex. Ask away.” 
 
“Where are you taking me?” 
 
“Can’t tell you that.” 
 
“Damn you…” she grumbled. 
 
“It’s a discreet location, I’m the only one who knows where it is. And it’s staying that way.” 
 
“You can’t even tell me where I’m going? Why not?” 
 
“Because I can’t trust you.” He said with a smirk on his face, as Maddie grew more and more annoyed. “I guess you’ll just have to ask me a different question.” 
 
“All right then. Why are you dressed like the lead singer of some lame Emo punk band?”
 
“Ouch.” He laughed. “I don’t know.” He shrugged. “It helps me get into character…or whatever you want to call it.” 
 
“I call it split personalities.” 
 
“It’s nothing like that. I may have appeared to be psycho, but I never had any intentions to follow through with Renir’s plans.” 
 
She pondered on that for a while, Renir’s plan was obviously to kill her off. So, no he hadn’t followed through with it. As of yet.  “Is that who called you? The night before you left?” 
 
“Yeah, he’s constantly interrupting everything good in my life.” He sighed, inattentively staring over in her direction before turning his eyes back to the road. 
 
“Anyway.” Angus cleared his throat. “Lame emo punk band huh? Seriously?” 
 
“You’re wearing eyeliner.” she pointed out. 
 
“It’s called guy-liner.” He corrected her. 
 
Maddie settled back in her seat while he turned the AC on. They had to be somewhere down south for it to be so hot out in the middle of the night. 

She knew she needed to stay alert and not let her guard down no matter how charming or friendly Angus may be at the moment. Yes, it all could have been an act, or then again, he may have just wanted to have the sheer pleasure of killing her off in private. 
 
“Nice nail polish, did you get a pedicure too?” she asked dryly, continuing their conversation of snarky remarks. 
 
“Why? You have a foot fetish?” 
 
She could see his evil smile out of the corner of her eye. Maddie simply shook her head and stared out the window, hoping to see some sort of familiar landmark in the darkness. But Angus wouldn’t be stupid enough to drive her past the Grand Canyon or whatever attraction that may be in their vicinity.  
 
The car became silent for a while. Riding on the never-ending straight highway was starting to put Maddie to sleep. She struggled to stay awake, not wanting to miss a chance to find out where she was. She decided she might as well offer up an ultimatum. 
 
“If you take me to Alex, I’ll tell you where the money is.” She spoke quietly, her eyes not leaving the passenger side window, not until the car suddenly swerved to the side of the road that is, causing her to grasp the dash for dear life. Angus stared over at her wide-eyed. 
 
“What did you say?”
 
“If you take me to Alex…” she repeated slowly, not sure why he was freaking out all of the sudden. 

 
“No, I know what you said.” he stopped her. “I mean, you know where it is? The money? You actually know…”
 
“Yes Angus. I told you back at the motel.” 
 
“I thought you were just doing that to distract me. Does Alex know about this?” 
 
“Not exactly.” She bit her lip, unsure of how much information she should give out. 
 
He started the car back up. “Well that changes things.”
 
“What do you mean? I thought you knew that I knew where the money was? That was the reason why Renir wanted you to kidnap me, wasn’t it?” 
 
“Renir was convinced that you knew where it was. You told me you didn’t know anything about it, and I believed you.” He looked back at her. 
 
“But I really didn’t! Not at that time. I only found out about it---:” she stopped, not wanting to mention the pendant and clues that Alex had discovered. “…Just recently.” 
 
“Now I definitely need to get you out of town. There was just speculation that you knew before. That alone was enough to put you in danger.” 
 
“What about Alex?” 
 
“Maddie…please.” 
 
“Why are you doing this? Alex was trying to help me! Just like you say you’re doing. Why don’t you both work together?” 
 
“Alex can’t help you. He’s crazy if he thinks you’ll be safer with him. They’ve been on his ass ever since he left them. If you stay with him the target on your back will be ten times as big.” 
 
“Ok.” She took his words into consideration for a moment. “I get that I may be safer with you. But…I can’t just leave him behind like this. Not letting him know where I’m at…” 
 
“He doesn’t need to know. If he does, they’ll find out somehow.” 
 
Tears started to fill her eyes; she felt that reasoning with Angus wasn’t going to be an option. “Why do you hate him so much now? I know you were both very close at one time.” 
 
“Aww,” He scoffed. “Did Alex get all sentimental on ya and start telling stories?”
 
“He didn’t have to. I saw some old pictures that Daniel had.” She saw his jaw start to clench as he drove in silence. “Why did you turn against him?” 
 
It seemed as if he wasn’t even going to answer her, Maddie began to wonder if she should have just stayed quiet, you never know what may cause someone to snap. 
 
“It’s not important right now.” He finally replied, slowing the car down as they approached a road sign. “Now you can see where you’re at.” He said changing the subject. He was willing to tell her where they were, over telling her all the details about his falling out with Alex. Maddie decided she’d take what she could get. 
 
“I take it we’re continuing south?” she asked after they passed the sign that read. ‘You’re now leaving Oklahoma.’ Angus simply mumbled in agreement. “To Mexico?” 
 
“Yep.” 
 
“Is that where your hideaway is?” 

“Nope.” He replied bluntly, letting her know that was all the information she was going to get at the moment. He turned off the AC and rolled the windows down as the sun began to rise over Texas.
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Chapter Fifteen 
 
 
 Waking up to a struggle was beginning to get old. 
 
That thought raced through Alex’s mind while he held one Phoenix soldier to the floor as another grabbed him by the neck, attempting to pull him off his friend. 
 
“Where…” Alex yelled, out of breath but refusing to give up as he pulled out of the grasp, he was in. “..the fuck ..is she?” he asked, stumbling to his feet. As the guy in the floor started to stand up, Alex punched him in the face, for good measure. 
“We already told you!” Les, the guy on the receiving end of Alex’s fist, yelled back to him while holding his nose. “She’s fine.” 
Alex was fighting once again against Rob, the other soldier, who had him in an arm lock, holding him back. “I didn’t ask how she was. I said where!” 
“You should know how all this works by now, relax.” Les was starting to get too confident for his own good. “We just had to contain you for a while. Besides, you have company arriving soon. Actually…” he paused once his phone began to ring. “They may be here already.” 
 
Alex wasn’t wasting any time to find out who was there or what their purpose was. He threw his head back, nearly breaking Rob’s nose while getting released from the hold at the same time. He scrambled for the door only to have the two men grab his arms once again. 
“Not so fast mate.” Les told him as they started dragging him along. “It’s not polite to skip out on your guests. Straighten up now.” He instructed while Rob held a gun discreetly against Alex’s back. “We’re going to head out to the parking garage, wouldn’t want to raise suspicion, would we?” 
“Didn’t you do something similar to this before?” Rob had a firm grip on Alex’s arm while Les made sure everything was clear in the hallway. “I’ve heard the stories numerous times, the almighty brotherhood. Didn’t you all smuggle a terrorist over the border?” 
“Our paths will cross again in a non-public place boy…” Alex grumbled under his breath. “Just remember that.” 
“Hush up, the both of you.” Les demanded before motioning them on out the door. They walked down the quiet hallway, putting on a happy face once they passed a group of people. Les made a beeline for the stairwell once he saw more people approaching. 
Alex kept his cool inside the stairwell, not struggling to get free even though they were alone. The stairs would make it more difficult to get away and also, they were expecting him to bolt at any given moment. 
They finally reached the parking garage on the lower level of the building. As soon as the door was opened, they threw Alex to the concrete floor. 
“Ay wait,” Rob called out to Les who turned to leave. “Didn’t the boss say to give him a weapon?” Les hesitated for a moment, and then laughed as he pulled out the extra handgun. 
“Right, He said not to leave you empty handed.” He removed the cartridge and threw it underneath a nearby car before handing Alex the empty gun.
 “He didn’t say it had to be in one piece though. Best of luck mate.” They laughed while Alex searched for the bullets. The loud thud from the door closing behind Les and Rob startled him as he crawled across the floor. 
 
“Fucking bastards…” Alex muttered. He spotted the cartridge lying underneath a minivan and quickly went to retrieve it. Reloading the gun, he stood up and cautiously looked around. 
The garage appeared to be empty, he wasn’t sure what was about to happen or who to expect. All Alex knew was that he had to get out of there and find out where Maddie was, fast. He didn’t even know how long he’d been out of it; there was no telling where she could be. 
He walked around a large economy sized van and spotted a small, black sedan, similar to one he’d managed to hot-wire easily in the past. He hated to have to resort to stealing cars once again, but he was desperate. He started to run in the direction of the car, not knowing when the owner would show back up, when that all-too-familiar clicking noise from a gun rang in his ears. 
 
“You Son of a bitch.” 
Alex held up his hands, but still held onto the gun firmly. It took a few seconds for him to recognize the voice. 
“Jay?” 
“Don’t you fucking turn around!” Jay yelled out. “Drop your gun to the floor. Now!” 
“Whoa, Jay…stop! Just hold on a minute, there’s been a misunderst— “ 
Alex absentmindedly turned around to talk to him, but Jay wasn’t giving him any more warnings. He lunged forward, tackling Alex as they both tumbled to the ground. 
Alex didn’t want to have to fight him back, but Jay wasn’t giving him much of a choice. They both exchanged their fair share of punches before they slowly rose to their feet, guns in hand, aimed at each other. 
“Damn it Jay, you have to listen to me! You don’t want to do this!” 
“And you have the right to remain silent, asshole.” He struggled to catch his breath. “How could you do this to her?” 
“You have no idea what’s going on.” 
“Well would you mind filling me in? I’d really love to hear it!” he yelled back. 

“Maddie’s in trouble…” 
 
“I’ve figured that much out!” 
 
“A lot more than you think Jay. Whatever these bastards have told you, it’s not true. I was trying to get her to safety.” 
 
“You tell me not to believe them, they tell me not to believe you…All I know is that Maddie’s been in trouble ever since you showed up.” 
 
“You’re right. She has. And I’ll explain everything to you but right now we need to go find her.” 
 
“Uh uh…there’s no ‘we’. I’m not going anywhere with you.” Jay stepped closer to him.  “You’re going to tell me where she’s at, and then I’m going to leave you here…. after I kick your ass again.” 
 
“I don’t even know where I am at the moment mate. Would you just calm down for a second…?” 
 
“Lower your gun and I might consider it.” 
 
“You’re holding a bloody gun on me, what the hell?” 
 
“You’re not willing to back down, neither am I!” 
 
“Damn you, you stubborn little bastard.” Alex sighed in frustration. “I needed to get Maddie out of the country, so I came back to Nashville and we left for Venice for a few days, we got caught up with there and left for New York. We were at my place getting some supplies and were raided by Phoenix soldiers. They broke in, knocked us out and I ended up here. That’s all I know.” 
 
Jay lowered his gun a little. “Phoenix Soldiers?” he thought for a moment. “Was that who attacked us that night?” 
 
“Yes.” Alex was relieved to see that he might actually be catching on. 
 
“What does all this have to do with Maddie?” 
 
“It’s a very long story, and I’ll try to explain it but right now we need to try to find her. We’re wasting time standing around here.” 
 
Jay raised his gun again as Alex walked closer. “I want to trust you man, I really do. But something just doesn’t feel right.” 
 
Alex held out his gun to Jay, wanting him to take it. He then pulled the barrel of Jay’s gun against his chest. “Then do it. If you think I’m lying to you, if you have any doubt, pull the trigger. I won’t stop you.” 
 
Jay’s hands were shaking as his finger rest against the trigger. “Damn it.” He lowered the gun in annoyance. “Fine. But If I get the tiniest bit suspicious, I will blow your head off without any warning, got it?” 
 
“Got it.” Alex finally exhaling as he followed Jay to the Firebird. They drove out of the dark garage into the vibrant sunlight and heat. “Where are we exactly?” 
 
“Tucson.” Jay answered. “You really didn’t know?” 
 
“No, that’s what I told you.” Alex looking around. “All right, so we’re in Arizona. I think we should keep heading south. And we need to find a payphone. I need to get in touch with a friend of mine that may be able to help us locate Maddie.” 
 
“Here, just use my phone.”  
 
“Uh---“ Alex stared at the phone Jay was holding. “Yeah…. not a good idea. Your phone is bugged.” 
 
“What? Seriously?” He asked as Alex nodded, sheepishly. Jay simply shook his head and laid the phone down. “Wait! You gave me that phone.” 
 
“Yeah, we’ll discuss it later mate. Hey, payphone right there.” he yelled quickly before they passed up a tiny convenience store. Jay swerved inside the parking lot and they both ran over to it. 
 
“Tink. It’s Alex.” 
 
“Hey…You’re calling me from a payphone?” Tinky laughed. “What is this, 1984?” 
 
“Ha shut up. I need you to track Maddie’s phone.” 
 
“So, you’ve lost the girl and your cell phone, nice job chief.” He said while bringing up the navigation screen on his computer. “Ok her phone’s still on and working. Whoever has it …looks like they’re in Texas, not far from the northern border. Heading south. And really moving it on. Very fast car.” 
 
“As in a sports car perhaps? Can you bring up the satellite view? Maybe you can see the actual car.” 
 
“You’re wanting me to break all kinds of laws today hm? Already working on it, just give me a sec.” Alex held the phone so that Jay could listen in.  
“All right, sports car it is. Cherry Red. Real sweet ride. Not one hundred percent sure on the make and model but looks like a Lamborghini from here.”
 
“Angus.” Alex muttered. 
 
“Who’s that?” Jay asked. 
 
“Hey yeah now that you mention it, I believe it is Daniel’s old car.” Tink replied. 
 
Jay started to panic. “This guy is connected to Daniel?”  
 
“Angus is his brother, just chill---“. Jay walked off, throwing his hands in the air. “Tink, any strange activity going on in the area?” 
 
“Let’s see…as a matter of fact, there is. What a surprise.” He scrolled through the search results. “At the nearby motel, two people from out of town were shot and killed last night. Along with the motel’s manager.” 
 
“Any details on the victims?” he asked, which caused Jay to go back to listening in. 
 
“Uhm…yeah both males, late twenties. Wait, here are the names, Martin Dillinger and Sam Weston.” 
 
“I remember Sam, skinny kid…really quiet.” 
 
“Yeah I thought the name sounded familiar. Don’t see anything that’d match Maddie or Angus’ descriptions. So maybe she’s gotten away?” 
 
“She’s in Angus’ car and I doubt he’s letting her take it for a spin. Either he’s relocating her or…” 
 
“He’s helping her out? Maybe?” 
 
“She doesn’t need that type of help.” Alex groaned. “Right, well, I’ll try to keep in touch, just keep an eye out for anything suspicious. And uh, get in touch with Mitra and Marcus for me will ya?”
 
“You think he’s heading in their direction? He wouldn’t be stupid enough to cross the border. Would he?” 
 
“I’m hoping that he is.”
 
“All right then, I’ll give them a ring. Stay alive bro.”  
 
 
Later that evening at a motel somewhere in Texas, Maddie looked around the room she and Angus would be staying in for the night. 
 
“I think a unicorn threw up in here.” She said as her feet sank into the overly plush hot pink carpet. Thorn sniffed the floor curiously before he curled up in the corner. “Sadly though…this is an upgrade from the last motel we stayed at.” 
“Only the best for my lady.” Angus joked as he fell down on the bed, which almost fell with him. “Ha, they need to check the springs on this baby.” He bounced on the bed. “Must’ve had one too many go rounds huh?” 
“Heart shaped beds actually exist? Wow.” Maddie was unamused. “You know, I think I’m going to sleep in the bathtub, it may be….more um… sanitary or something.” She mumbled as she walked into the bathroom. “Oh, Good Lord!” 
 
“More pink?” he asked as he jumped up, eyeing a fluffy pink boa draped around the dresser. 
 
“More hearts! This is a redneck honeymooners dream come true. I’m in hell.” 
 
“Hey that’s a Jacuzzi!” Angus excitedly pointed at the heart shaped tub Maddie was glaring at. He grinned as he wrapped the boa around her neck. 
 
“You’re enjoying this way too much.” she walked past him, back into the bedroom…staying away from the bed. 
 
He leaned against the wall; wicked smile intact. “You could enjoy it with me.” 
 
“Don’t even think about it. I will cut you.” 
 
“All right then, feisty.” He grinned, pulling a footstool over to where she was and taking a seat on it. 
“I get us the Presidential suite at the Rootin Tootin Inn…” he smiled as she started to laugh. “Could you at least drop the attitude for one night? I know you’re not interested in me; you’re blinded by the smooth talkin’ Brit…I get it, I don’t stand a chance. But there’s no harm in joking around right?” 
Maddie looked at him a little sorrowfully, he didn’t have to be that hard on himself. There was a time when she was very interested; in fact, if Alex wasn’t in the picture and he hadn’t pretended to be psycho or held her hostage the night before, she might have still been interested. 
“I know. I’m sorry. I just don’t really know how to take you anymore. You’ve tarnished my trust just a teeny bit you know?” 
“I see that. And I’ll be groveling at your feet for the rest of my days to get you to forgive me, and to trust me again.” He said dramatically, pleased that he got her to smile once again.  “I’m just trying to take care of you, if you’ll let me.” 
“Okay. I’ll let you.” 
 
“Good.” He smiled as he stood up. “I’m going to go find some clean sheets…” 
 
“Awesome.” Maddie sighed in relief. 
 
“Totally…” Angus laughed. “And hey…didn’t we pass a mall on the way here?” 
 
“Yeah, I think so.” 
 
“Maybe we can go grab a bite to eat and find some more clothes for you? If you want to.” 
 
“That’d be good. I can’t exactly wear Alex’s ex-girlfriend’s clothes forever.” She half-laughed half-grumbled. “I don’t really have a lot of cash on me though, we had to leave in such a hurry.” 
 
“I got it, don’t worry about it. You can pay me back later.” He laughed. “You should be able to afford it.” He stared at her for a while, going back to what she had said. “Did you say, Alex’s ex-girlfriend?” 
 
“Um…yeah.” She looked down at the shirt she had on. “We had to leave Venice really quick that’s why I don’t have any clothes and…these were left at his place in New York along with some others in a bag.” She shrugged. 
“I was going to bring them along, but SOMEONE kidnapped me.” She joked, for once. But Angus didn’t seem amused, he had a blank stare on his face as if he were in a daze. 
 
“Angus?” 
 
He shook his head, blinking. “Yeah?”
 
“Are you okay?” 
 
“Sure.” He nodded. “I –uh. I better go get those sheets while the cleaning lady is still here, saw her in the hallway when we checked in. You can head on out to the car if you want.” 
 
“Okay.” She agreed. Not believing that he was really okay for a second. If only it was always so evident that he was lying to her.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Sixteen
 
 
 
Around three years earlier…
 
              Jay walked into Nel’s bar; it was a quarter after one on a Saturday morning. The place was packed, and the local smoke ban hadn’t gone into effect at that time, making it difficult to see. Not to mention he was exhausted from working at the garage all evening after a long day of training at the Police academy. He yawned as Chance motioned him over to the bar. 
 
“Want a drink?” 
 
“Nah, I’m beat man, just want to head on home. Where she at?” 
 
“Back booth. Need some help?” 
 
“Maybe.” Jay sighed as he stared toward the back of the bar. “Hey, thanks for calling bro.” 
 
“Anytime.” 
 
He walked slowly in her direction and paused when he got a clear view. It pained him to see her like that. Nearly a month had gone by since they heard the news of Ethan’s passing.  Maddie had gone through so many emotions during that time it was hard to believe that she was still capable of functioning properly. 
 
Lately, things had gotten even worse. She was going off the deep end, literally. She was drinking excessively, staying out until the wee hours of the morning, keeping random company with whoever was around at the moment.  This wasn’t the Maddie he had known most of his life. Now all Jay could see in front of him was an empty shell. 
 
She was sitting back in the dimly lit corner, arms tightly wrapped around Ian Gibson’s shoulders while he was laying one on her. Normally Maddie wouldn’t have touched the guy with a ten-foot pole. Not that he wasn’t attractive, it was just the fact that all the local girls that hung out at the bar were in love with him, and most of them had already expressed it…in one way or another. 
 
Jay walked over and cleared his throat loudly, happy to interrupt them. “Ready to leave Freebird?” 
 
Ian stared over at him, disgruntled.  “She’s just getting started actually.” 
 
“I wasn’t addressing you.” Jay replied to him calmly. “Asshole.” He added for good measure. “Come on Maddie, let’s go.” 
 
“I’m not ready to leave yet Jason.” 
 
“See? She’s not ready to leave, so stop acting like you own her and go on home. Jason.” He smiled while Maddie groggily laid her head over on his shoulder. 
 
“That’s it.” The words had barely left his mouth before Jay pulled Ian out of the booth and pushed him against the wall, Ignoring Maddie’s screaming protests.
“You know damn well what she’s been through just like everyone else in this town. I didn’t think that you would even be capable of taking advantage of someone like that.” 
“Hey, she came to me. I was just trying to help!” 
 Jay pulled his fist back as Chance ran up behind him. “Don’t tell me to take this outside!” he yelled. 
 
“Wasn’t going to, I was coming to help.”  He told him as he stepped in front of Jay and gave Ian a quick punch to the face. “Get her on home. I’ll deal with him when he comes back around. I don’t think Darryl would be too happy with throwing a rookie cop in jail for assault.” 
 
“Thanks, but I would’ve gladly taken the heat.” Jay walked her to the door, trying to shield her from all the staring faces as they passed by. Some were staring to be nosey, but others were concerned. They knew this wasn’t her normal behavior
 
“I thought you were staying home tonight?” Jay asked her once they got outside. She pulled away from him angrily and then nearly fell in her high heels that she quickly kicked off. Maddie voluntarily wearing heels was one sign that things weren’t right. 
 
“I didn’t think I needed your permission!” 
 
“When I have to come down here and rescue your ass at this hour you do.” 
 
“I didn’t ask you to rescue me. I was having a good time!” 
 
“Fuck Maddie! A good time with Ian? Really?” he yelled as she walked ahead of him. “I’ve never heard you say one good thing about that guy when you’re sober.” 
 
“Maybe I was wrong.” She shrugged, stubbornly walking faster and not turning around. 
 
“No, maybe you’re completely trashed right now and don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about.” 
 
She spun around, glaring at him. “So, I got a little drunk, not like it’s the first time. You certainly aren’t one to talk!” 
 
“I don’t go make out with the sluttiest girl in the bar when I get drunk Maddie! There’s a difference, you get way too out of control!” 
 
“No! You don’t do that. Because you have someone! Why would you do that when Abby is there with you? I didn’t do that either when he was still here.” 
 
Jay inhaled slowly and rubbed the tense muscles in the back of his neck. She was breaking down again. He thought this would get easier as time went on, but it was only getting worse. Two weeks since Ethan’s funeral and she still referred to him as ‘He’ or ‘Him’. She wasn’t even able to speak his name. 
 
“Maddie.” He tried walking closer to her but that only made her back away. “Let’s just get home.”
 
“Why is everyone treating me like I’m a time-bomb about to explode?” she could hardly speak now, nearly choking from the tears. “First I was staying at home too much---and now—I can’t go out. Darryl won’t let me go back to work yet---I---I need to do something Jay. I ---need to fill my head with something besides all this---pain, I just want it to leave me alone…It won’t leave.” She sobbed as he took her in his arms. 
 
“Why does this always happen to me?” 
 
“I don’t know, been trying to figure that out myself.” 
 
She backed off a little as the anger started to take over again. “Am I just meant to be completely alone? No family, no ….no one in my life at all? Why, WHY now? Why didn’t this happen any other time he was deployed? Why fuck with my head and make me think everything is going to be fine for all these years?” she furiously threw one of her shoes that she was holding across the empty street. She stood there a few seconds, watching a speeding car fly by. Numbness was sweeping over her as she closed her eyes and stepped off the sidewalk. It was late, people were leaving the bars and she knew there would be more speeders passing by soon enough. 
 
“Maddie?” Jay watched her walk unusually slow across the four-lane highway, when he heard the oncoming traffic and saw that she wasn’t speeding up, he raced out into the street, throwing them both into the empty lane just in time. 
 
“You’re never leaving the fucking house again.” He said as she looked at him half angered, half relieved. He helped her up and held onto her hand as tightly as he could without breaking it until they were safely inside the loft. Even then he was afraid to let go. 
 
 
 
Present day, Somewhere in New Mexico.
 
              Jay had been listening to Alex explain everything for the past five hours as he drove. Sadly, it had taken him that long to tell him all that had gone on. And Jay was afraid he still hadn’t heard it all. The whole concept of a ‘hit man boarding school’ was insane, and he really wasn’t thrilled when Alex told him that he was initially hired by Daniel to spy on Maddie, though he had already had his suspicions about that. But most of all, this Angus guy was sounding like Ian Gibson all over again. 
 
“So, all right…” Jay spoke up when it seemed that Alex had paused for a moment. “Let me see if I’ve got all this. Maddie is a millionaire…” 
 
“At least a millionaire, possibly more than that.” 
 
“Ha, okay…” Jay laughed nervously. Everything was sounding so insane that it all was starting to sound hilarious to him. “And you were hired by her crazy ass stalker to find out where the money was at, who was trying to get the information for your former boss. Who was the headmaster of the school you went to where you were trained to kill? And on top of all this you just found out that you murdered Maddie’s Dad.” 
 
“That’s most of it yeah.” Alex nodded while Jay appeared as if his head was going to explode. 
 
“That’s fucked up bro.” 
 
“Yep.” Alex sighed. “I agree.” 
 
“So, this Angus guy, is he as crazy as his brother?” 
 
“Not exactly, he’s a different level of crazy.” He decided to rephrase that when Jay gave him a worried look. “Lower level that is…if that even makes sense.” 
 
“What I’m trying to ask is, is he going to kill her anytime soon?” 
 
“No. If that were his plan he would have already. I think things have gone too far for him to physically hurt her now. Now he’s just going to use her to mess with my head and get back at me for everything I did to him.” 
 
“All right, we’ll get into all that in a few…I just wanted to make sure this wasn’t a life or death situation.” Jay turned off the interstate at the first exit they came to. “Because I’m starving. If Maddie’s on a joyride I’m getting some damn food. Will that be okay?” 
 
Alex laughed. “Yeah I’m sure she’ll be fine for a few minutes longer.” 
 
“Good, so…what did you mean by he’s using her to get back at you? I thought he was the one who betrayed you and all your friends when you escaped?” 
 
“He did. And that was a huge slap in the face for me because I never saw it coming. But I can’t honestly say that I didn’t deserve it. I mean…” he sank down into the seat and stared out the window of the Firebird at the dark sky overhead. “ Maybe I didn’t deserve all that to happen, but I should have been waiting for him to do something.”
 
“You lost me somewhere. Who betrayed who first?” 
 
“It’s hard to say actually, I don’t think either one of us did. We were just made to think that way.” He almost laughed at Jay’s confused expression. Alex decided to make the explanation simpler. “So, there was this girl…” 
 
“Gotcha’.” Jay nodded, in relief. Finally, it was starting to make sense.
 
“Cassandra Renir.” Alex continued. “Renir’s adopted daughter.”
 
“You all were stupid enough to get with that guy’s daughter?” Jay laughed. 
 
“Just…let me continue. Renir had her in this prestigious all-girls school up until she was fourteen. We didn’t even know anything about her, not until she showed up the first day of fall semester freshman year.” 
 
“I thought it was an all-boy’s school?” 
 
“It was.” Alex replied back unenthused. “Renir gave us some story about how he wanted to spend quality time with his daughter. So, Cassie was the only girl enrolled at the Phoenix Academy at that time. Coincidently that happened when everyone hit puberty.” 
 
Jay shook his head. “That had to be interesting.”  
 
“It was terrible, none of the guys would leave her alone. When she first got there, she was really quiet, seemed like she was scared to death…obviously she had every reason to be. So, Angus and I, we decided to help her out. We started eating lunch with her and the three of us would hang out together. After a while the other guys backed off.” 
 
“I made a pact with Angus.” He continued. “We agreed that neither one of us would get involved with Cassie. The three of us became really close, very quickly. And we didn’t want to do anything to change that.” He sighed; Jay could sense the tension in his voice.
“One day Cassie and I were in my room watching TV, she started kissing me. And…I didn’t stop her. Angus walked in on us. That was the beginning of our little triangle. It was all pretty silly actually, I mean we were just kids, didn’t have a clue what we were doing or why we were doing it you know? Things didn’t get serious until her father got involved.” 
 
Jay pulled off of the highway into the parking lot of an all-night diner and turned the engine off. He continued listening, not sure where this part of Alex’s story was going to end up. 
 
“I don’t know when exactly it happened, but at some point…Renir started pulling the strings in our relationship. Angus and I could tell it, Cassie was no longer in control of things. That’s when everything started to get vicious. She started throwing around the word ‘love’ and making a lot of empty promises to both of us. We didn’t know it for a long time, but she’d been sleeping with some of the other guys at school, while she was stringing us along at the same time.” 
 
Alex became quiet for a few moments, his point of interest changed when he saw a payphone near the diner. “I think I’ll give Tinky a call again, see if he’s found out anything.” 
 
“All right, I’ll wait on ya inside.” Jay was relieved that his mind would get a few minutes rest. He wondered how Alex had kept from going mad all these years. He sat at a booth, exhausted from the long drive and ordered a couple of specials for both of them.
 
“Tink says there hasn’t been much movement in the past few hours, but they’re near a few motels and restaurants so they’re probably staying in town for the night.” 
 
“Good to know.” Jay yawned and nodded as the waitress brought them their drinks. 
 
“He also said he may be able to hack into your phone and remove the bug, or at least block it.” Jay took his phone out and turned it on. “Said he would try to send a code through text…” he picked up the phone as the alert went off. 
 
“Is that him?” 
 
“Yeah, I’ll just have to install this, and we’ll see if it works.” 
 
The waitress brought their burger and fries platter to the table; Jay quickly started to eat while Alex worked on the phone. “Got it. We’re good.” 
 
 
Several miles away, Angus and Maddie were inside a similar diner eating after having a small shopping spree. Maddie was able to get a few outfits and other necessities that she’d need, along with some extras that she didn’t ask for, but Angus insisted. 
 
“Wow.” He said quietly as their waitress walked away, Maddie continued to laugh as she had done for most of the night. 
 
“I think she likes you.” She teased. 
 
“I think she wants a good tip.” He rolled his eyes. 
 
“Please! I’m surprised she even brought me my food, it’s like I’m not even here.” Maddie laughed. 
 
“Oh, you’re here, I did not just spend five hundred bucks on the invisible woman.” 
 
“You bought…half of that…on your own!” she spoke over his protests. 
 
“For You!” 
 
“I didn’t ask you to and No! For the thousandth time…” 
 
“You agreed to it.” He shrugged as he started to eat. 
 
“I did not agree to---“ 
 
“Did too.” 
 
“Angus, I’m not wearing those ridiculous shorts.” 
 
“But we’re going to Mexico.” He said quietly, trying to convince her just as he had been doing all night. “It’s very hot there you know.” 
 
“They’re a disgrace to womankind.” 
 
“I see how you appreciate what I did for you.” He joked. 
 
“I do appreciate what you did. I just don’t appreciate your bad taste in clothing.” 
 
“Well I’m not taking them back.” 
 
“I guess you’ll just have to wear them yourself then.” She laughed. “Actually, that’s a good idea!” 
 
He looked at her, baffled, before he went back to eating, shaking his head while Maddie laughed to herself at the mental image in her head. They had, to her surprise, had a lot of fun that night. There wasn’t any talk about all the insanity that was surrounding them, no planning to do…Angus already had everything planned out, or so he said. So, there wasn’t any need to worry, she could relax for once. It was kind of surreal. 
 
They continued their crazy argument over the shorts as they ate. Maddie was about to kick him underneath the table, similar to how she would do Jay many times in the past, when she felt something… the phone in her back pocket was vibrating. 
 
She froze while Angus kept talking; he hadn’t said anything about her having a phone, so she thought he didn’t even know she had one. And apparently, he hadn’t noticed it being in her pocket. Maddie had almost forgotten about it being there herself. He looked up at her once she didn’t respond to his last remark. 
 
“You okay? Look like you’ve seen a ghost.” 
 
“Yeah…” she blinked, trying to think of what she needed to do. “I…have to use the restroom. I’ll be right back.” 
 
“All righty…” he replied going back to eating.  
 
She tried not to run to the ladies room as the phone had started to ring for the second time. She knew it had to be Alex. She went to the farthest stall in the restroom and quickly answered the phone. 
 
“Hello?” 
 
“Maddie!” Alex said relieved. “Are you all right?” 
 
“Yeah, where are you? Are you using Jay’s phone?” she glanced at the number. 
 
“Yes, Jay’s with me. It’s a long story…But we’re both fine. We’re in a town in New Mexico right near the border; we’re not too far from you. I had Tinky to track your phone…” 
 
“You can’t.” she spoke before she even knew what she was saying. 
 
“What do you mean?” 
 
“I—mean, Angus is taking me somewhere, someplace safe. But he doesn’t want anyone to know where it is.” There was a pause on the line; she knew Alex was getting infuriated. 
 
“Maddie he’s lying to you.” She could hear Jay asking for the phone in the background so that he could talk to her. She really didn’t want to hear his opinion at the moment. 
 
‘No Alex, he’s not. He’s trying to help me.” 
 
“And I’m not? Look Maddie, there’s a lot that you don’t know about him.” 
 
“And there’s a lot that I do.” She stopped, not wanting to sound too angry. She wasn’t mad at Alex…she just wished that he would believe her. “I’m fine, okay? I’ll try to contact you later but right now…I feel like I need to listen to Angus.” 
 
“Will you at least tell us where he’s taking you.” 
 
“I don’t know.” 
 
“He won’t tell you where he’s taking you, yet you think you can trust him?” 
 
Maddie gritted her teeth. “I’m fine.” She replied slowly. “I love you, tell Jay I love him. I will get back to you later, can’t exactly talk right now.” 
 
“All right.” He backed off a little. “I love you too. But we’re still going to follow you.” 
 
Maddie sighed to herself, knowing she didn’t have much time to argue. “Stay south. Be careful. Bye.” She said before hanging up and putting the phone back in her pocket, now more paranoid than ever about it being there.
 
“Got everything taken care of?” Angus grinned as she returned to her seat. Maddie simply smiled back and picked up her silverware. He seemed to be oblivious, so she tried to calm down and finish eating. 
 
Unfortunately, pretending to be clueless was something Angus was good at. He suddenly grabbed her wrist, causing her to drop her fork to the table. She glared over at him as his grip tightened. 
 
“Who called?” he asked casually while staring her down. 
 
“You’re…hurting …me.” She whispered, more annoyed than scared. 
 
“Good.” His tone was emotionless as he squeezed her wrist harder. “Who Called?” 
 
“No one.” She paused as her breath got caught in her throat, convinced her wrist was going to break. 
 
“Give me the phone.” 
 
“Let go.” She said back angrily. 
 
“You have another hand, it’s in your left pocket anyway, right?” 
 
Maddie sighed as she threw the phone on the table. He let go of her once he picked it up.
 
“Who’s Jay?” 
 
“None of your fucking business.” 
 
“Ohh now Madelyn…, no need for the attitude. It’s all right I already know who your best friend Jay is. Along with his gorgeous new bride Abby.” 
 
“How do you…?” she asked while rubbing her wrist. “They’re engaged.” 
 
“No, they’re married, you just weren’t invited. Anyway…” he said, confusing her more and more. “Alex called you right? He’s with Jay?” 
 
“How do you know all this?” she tried to take the phone away from him as he scrolled through the menus. 
 
“I’m just that good.” He smiled back at her. “All right, I’ve blocked the GPS for you …and changed the security password. Also blocked that number so they won’t be calling back.” He slid the now useless phone back to her. “If you start keeping secrets from me, this will not end well.” 
 
“I wasn’t keeping secrets, I honestly forgot about having the phone! And…what the hell? You’re obviously not telling me everything! How do you know about Jay and Abby?” 
 
“Daniel, my brother. He was obsessed with you. Remember?” 
 
“Yeah but you said that they were married? ” 
 
“Lucky guess.” He shrugged. “Look, I’m sorry I got a little crazy. I just really, really don’t want anyone to find out where we’re headed. It’s important.” 
 
“Well they certainly won’t now.” She replied coldly. 
 
“Did you tell him anything?” 
 
“What could I tell him? You haven’t told me where we’re going.” 
 
“Good. Did he say where he was?” 
 
“Um, out east somewhere, I think…nowhere close by.” She lied, terribly. Angus didn’t seem to notice, but then again, he was good at that. 
They went back to eating for a few minutes, Maddie noticed Angus looking around the diner suspiciously. 
“What is it?” she asked as he held his hand up. Cautiously he glanced back at couple booths behind them where two men dressed in black where seated. He then looked past Maddie where two more were having coffee in the back near the restrooms. 
“Alex isn’t the only one tracking us.” He whispered. “Still have that pistol on ya?” 
Maddie patted her pockets and looked back at him sheepishly. 
“Great.” He muttered, checking his own gun. The few remaining regular customers were starting to leave the diner and most of the staff were in the back, perfect timing for an attack. He looked at her from across the booth with a smile. “Let’s see what you got darlin.” 
As soon as the rose to their feet, shots were fired. Maddie and Angus both fell to the floor and crawled behind the safety of another booth. 
“You better at firing or hand to hand?” 
“With this injury my shooting is off.” 
“Right. Two assholes behind us, two in front.” He looked around the room and spotted a broom nearby. “I’ll cover you while you go grab that.” 
Maddie looked at Angus’ poor weapon choice and then back at him. “Why don’t you just shoot them all?” 
“Sure, I didn’t think of that! I only have two bullets.” He muttered. “Your gun was fully loaded.” 
“Fine alright.” She interrupted as they got into position. Maddie sprinted across the diner to grab the broom while Angus fired their only two shots. He only made one perfect headshot while injuring another. But it gave Maddie some time to find something more effective. She pulled the fire extinguisher off the wall and charged behind the injured soldier heading in Angus’ direction, fiercely smacking the back of his head. 
“You improvised!” 
“Angus!” 
She threw the extinguisher in his direction and he caught it in time to make impact with the third solder’s face. Maddie went back to the broom, attempting to work on the fourth soldier until he pulled it from her hands and snapped it in two.  With his right hand he grabbed the now bloodied fire extinguisher from Angus’ grasp and threw it across the room while his left hand went around Maddie’s neck. 
“I probably should have used the bullet on this one.” 
Maddie peered over at Angus who looked back at her nervously. They were running out of options when suddenly they heard screams from one of the waitresses who returned from the back. That distracted their oversized attacker enough for him to loosen his grip while Angus punched him in the face repeatedly until they both had him down on the ground. 
Angus grabbed Maddie’s hand as they stepped over the body and ran out of the diner. It wouldn’t be long before their victim was back on his feet again and after them. 
“Anyone behind us?” 
“I don’t think so.” Maddie looked out the passenger side window and then back at him. “You think there’s more?” 
“Probably not but that guy will be after us I’m sure one he comes back around.” He shook his wrist where his watch was located. “You can thank Tinky for that.” 
Maddie groaned and looked behind them again when she saw headlights. “Shit.” 
Angus skidded into the parking lot of the motel and they ran to the door. “Do you have the keys to the motel?!?” he asked frantically as Maddie patted her pockets in panic then handed them to him in relief. They made it inside, locking the door behind them. Angus looked out the window as the car following them sped on down the highway. 
“Well that was a rush.” He smiled over at Maddie who had fell onto the bed in exhaustion. “You okay?” 
“Yeah.” She sat up, taking in a few moments of peace and quiet. “What was your problem at the diner?” 
“We had a few, elaborate for me.” 
  She sighed and rolled her eyes. “The whole crazy psycho episode concerning my phone!” 
 
“I thought we got past all that?” 
 
“No, the crazy attack just kind of sidetracked me for a few minutes. I thought I wasn’t your prisoner?” she said angrily as the adrenaline rush from fighting for her life started to die down. 
 
“You’re not! If you don’t want my help fine.” He said throwing her the keys. “Leave. Take the car. I don’t care. But you won’t last five minutes out there on your own and you know that.” He sat down on the bed beside her. 
“I’m sorry for what I did, okay? But I’m not going to let you carelessly point the enemy in our direction.”
 
“The place I’m taking you to, it’s the only place I have to go to that they don’t know about. If they find us, not only are you dead, I’m screwed. Just trying to keep us both alive here.”
 
“All right.” Maddie said taking a deep breath to calm down. “I guess I shouldn’t have left the table when my phone rang, I should have just answered it there.”   
 
“Yeah, because I knew you had it with you all this time. I don’t like secrets Maddie.” 
 
“And I don’t either. That’s the one thing I’ve always liked about you. Your honesty.” 
 
“Right.” He sighed and laid back on the bed. That stung worse than anything else she could have said to him. “I’ve got an inside source with the Brotherhood.” 
 
“What?” she said back, shocked. 
 
“That’s how I knew about your friends. I knew they were in Hawaii…I even know the name of the little chapel they got married at.” 
 
“Jay and Abby are married?” Maddie asked in a daze, completely forgetting about everything else at the moment. 
 
“Yeah. Anyway…that’s all I’ve kept from you so far. Sorry about that.” He started taking off his shoes to get ready for bed. 
 
“Who’s your source?” 
 
“Uh…you’re going to have to let me have one secret.” He smiled a little. “I really shouldn’t say.” 
 
“Is it Jett?” 
 
“God no, Jett turn against Alex?” he laughed. 
 
“That Tobias guy?” 
 
“Maddie---stop it.” He took off his shirt and threw it in the corner. “It’s not important. No one is in any danger; I’m just getting information from them. That’s all.” 
 
She was too busy mulling over her thoughts and trying to remember all of Alex’s friend’s names to notice Angus stripping down in the corner. In a zombie-like stance she walked over to get her new pajamas out of one of the shopping bags in the floor. 
 
“Shawn?” 
 
“We’re not discussing this. But. no Shawn’s not exactly the brightest crayon in the box.” 
 
“I know it’s not Julian, right?” 
 
“Julian wouldn’t spit on me if I was on fire. No. Not him.” 
 
She stopped and finally stared over at him, while he was getting the recliner ready to sleep in. She was used to seeing Jay run around all the time at the loft in his underwear, so it wasn’t really shocking to see Angus like that…it was just…interesting. 
 
“I think I’ll go change.” 
 
“Okay.” He said lying back in the chair. 
 
“What are you doing?” 
 
“Um…trying to sleep if you’ll shut up.” 
 
“I know, but we have a bed.” 
 
“That’s for you.” 
 
“Angus, we’ve slept in the same bed before.” 
 
“Ahh…memory serves.” He smiled evilly. 
 
“Whatever just get in the bed… there’s no reason for you to sleep in that chair.” 
 
“Was that a demanding tone I sensed?” 
 
“I’m going to change.” She repeated in annoyance. 
 
 
Maddie returned in the room, slipping underneath the silky sheets and odd fluffy, carpet like, pink blanket. 
 
“This thing is going to make me sneeze.” She complained as Angus started laughing. After a few minutes she noticed the mirror above them and closed her eyes. “So, why would one of the Brotherhood turn against Alex?” 
 
“Goodnight Maddie.” He turned away from her.
 
“Can you at least tell me if Alex is in any danger with this person?” 
 
“He’s not in danger, this person is just helping me out. They’re not exactly turning on Alex. For God’s sake...” He rolled back over to face her. “Haven’t you realized by now that Alex can take care of himself? Very well. He’s a menace Maddie, The most dangerous out of all of us. Why do you think they want him back so badly? Trust me, you don’t have to worry about him.” 
 
“Ok.” She replied quietly. “More dangerous than you? That was some impressive fighting.” 
“Well…” he smiled and thought for a moment. “Actually, yes, when it comes to fighting, he’s better than all of us.”
 
“You’ll get to see him again once I know you’re safe.” He didn’t really want to tell her that, but after what happened at the diner, he felt entitled to give her some hope. He wished sometimes when he was in her presence that his ethics could be ripped from his soul. 
 
“But not until then.” He had to add, to make himself feel better at least. 
 
“Thank you.” She smiled back at him. Not realizing how lost she was getting in those eyes. “And, thanks again for the clothes.” She blinked out of her daze, coming back down to earth.” 
 
“Not a problem.” He leaned over, kissing her lightly on the cheek before he turned his back to her. “Goodnight.” 
 
“Night.” Maddie rested against the pillow, unable to rest at all. She stared at the scars on his back, once he was sound asleep; she ran her fingers across them as a tear escaped her eye, wondering what dark secrets he was keeping from her.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 Chapter Seventeen
 
 
 
A year and a half earlier…
 
              
              It had taken Angus nearly an hour to get to the airport and he was still at least a mile away, stuck in the busy Los Angeles traffic. Surely the plane wouldn’t take off at the right time. It never did when you were in a hurry to get somewhere, why start now? Something had to give. He came too far for it all to slip through his fingers this easily. 
 
He made it inside LAX airport with only a few minutes to spare. He raced through the sea of people, nearly knocked a few down as he passed by. He slowed down only when he passed by some security guards who were eyeing him. Finally, he saw her sitting to herself, flipping through a fashion magazine, wearing that purple beret she loved so much. Angus took a few seconds to catch his breath before he stepped closer. 
 
“Cassie!”
 
She looked around, pulling the earbuds out of her ears, in complete and utter shock when her green eyes met his. 
 
“Angus, what are you doing here?” 
 
“You think you’re going to leave the country and I’m not going to try and stop you?” He walked over, placing his hands on her face. “You can’t leave me like this Cas.” 
 
She smiled back at him sincerely as she gently pulled his hands away. “I have to.” 
 
“No, you don’t, he’s just doing this to keep us apart! You don’t have to do this. We can go somewhere, together...just the two of us.” 
 
“Daddy’s not making me go to Tokyo, Angus. He has nothing to do with any of this.  I got a job offer, on my own. I’m going to manage my own graphics design company! It's what I’ve always wanted. I thought you’d be happy for me.”
 
“Happy?”  Angus laughed, slightly delusional. “I’m supposed to be happy that you’re moving halfway across the world?” 
 
“But this way we can all move on. You, Me, Alex…” 
 
“Fuck Alex.” He said back angrily as Cassie sighed to herself. “I don’t want to move on with anyone except you.” 
 
“I’m sorry that you feel that way but---you’re going to have to. It’s for the best.” 
 
Angus shook his head, his eyes started to sting. He had to get a hold of himself; he had to find some way to make her stay. “I’ll do anything.” 
 
Cassie picked up her carry-on bag and looked at him sorrowfully. “Aw sweetness, begging is not a good look for you.” She forced a smile while running her fingers through his hair. “Let me go, please? Just turn around and let me go.” 
 
His heart was breaking but if this was what she truly wanted, then he couldn’t stop her. He couldn’t force her to love him back. “If that’s what you want.” 
 
“It is.” She said, they both stared at each other silently when her flight was called out.
 
“Well then, Goodbye Cassie.” He pulled her toward him so quickly that she had no chance to object. Kissing her so intensely that people were actually stopping in their tracks to catch a glimpse of them. Angus’ hands discretely trailed up her shirt, just when it seemed like she was kissing him back with the same amount of passion, he pulled away, that classic evil smile on his face. 
 
“Take care of yourself kid.” He winked and turned around, walking away from her without looking back. Just as she had asked him to. Her flight was announced for the second time, it was almost too late for her to change her mind. 
 
Angus stopped once the final call was made. He turned around, hoping to see her running toward him, but she was nowhere to be seen. 
 


“You know, I have to hand it to Alex’s ex…she had great taste in clothes.” Maddie said while folding up the ‘borrowed’ shirt and placing it in a suitcase, as she and Angus were getting ready to leave the motel. “I’ve always loved dragonflies…” she ran her fingers along the colorful design on the front. 
 
“Yeah, she did too.” Angus replied quietly. Staring at the shirt he’d seen before. 
 
Maddie folded a pair of jeans and stuffed them into the bag. “You knew her?” 
 
“Yep.” 
 
She looked up at him, slightly confused before realization hit. “Oh.” She paused for a moment. “Ohhhh!” Maddie said wide-eyed while Angus simply nodded. “Well that explains a lot.” She said zipping up the bag. “That explains a hell of a lot actually.” She mumbled while Angus picked up the rest of the bags and they walked out to the car, Thorn running ahead to jump in the back seat. 
 
Angus anticipated for the questions to start as he drove down the highway. To his surprise, Maddie sat in silence, staring out the window. It was all beginning to get nerve-wracking. He wondered what crazy accusations were swarming through her head. 
 
“All right just spit it out already.” He spoke up after they’d been driving for around half an hour. “What are you wanting to know? Her name? What she was like? What she looked like? C’mon Maddie, you’re strange I’ll give you that, but you’re still female.” He laughed, “I’m sure you ‘re dying to ask me something.” Angus glanced over at her, only to realize he’d been talking to himself.  Amidst all the silence, Maddie had fallen asleep. 
 
“Guess you didn’t sleep too well last night.” Angus stared ahead at the road. “All this running will be over soon, I promise.” 
 
Maddie slept for a couple of hours as Angus drove though Texas, but it wasn’t a peaceful sleep at all. She kept having the same nightmarish flashbacks over and over. Things that she had pushed to the back of her mind and nearly forgotten about or was beginning to think they had never happened at all. 
 
She woke up not long after they drove into Dallas, gasping and catching her breath as another nightmare came to an end. 
 
“Welcome back to the land of the living. I think you slept better in the car than you did back at the motel.” 
 
“I actually didn’t sleep too well.” 
 
“Yeah right, poor Thorn had to cover his ears to block out the snoring.” 
 
Maddie laughed a little while looking up at the clear blue sky, the warm sun shining brightly overhead. “Where are we now?” she looked around as they started to enter a large metropolitan area. 
 
“Dallas, and I have a treat for you.” He smiled while she looked at him skeptically. “We’re going to stay somewhere a bit nicer tonight.” 
 
“Do we get two heart shaped beds this time?” 
 
“No…not that classy!” he laughed. “I thought we would upgrade from a negative four-star motel, to a five star.” 
 
“Interesting. But Angus really…it’s not going to matter how nice the place is---I’m not going to sleep well regardless.” 
 
“I’m not doing this just for you, the place we’re going to has rooms for dogs!” He said excitedly. “Seriously though…we need to stay somewhere nice at least once. And I need to show you that I do have a little bit of taste.” He said as they both laughed. “Besides I’ve stayed at this hotel before, they’ll give me a good deal.” 
 
“If you insist.” Maddie shrugged. “It would have been nice if they had a room for Thorn though.” She looked back at the dog and scratched his ears. 
 
“Oh, I wasn’t kidding about that! They really do have suites for dogs.” Angus told her as Maddie started laughing; picturing Thorn in his own luxury room, snoozing on a king-sized bed.
 
“Let’s hope there aren’t too many lady dogs there tonight, we’ll be in trouble.” Maddie said while Thorn scooted his head in between the two front seats so that she could pet him. 
 
“Oh, last year there was this sweet little French Poodle staying there. Lil bastard never gives up any details though.” Angus grinned as he patted the dog’s head. 
 
Maddie was going through an emotional roller coaster, while she was getting lost in Angus’ smile and how adorable he was while he played around with his dog, her mind kept going back to when she woke up in that shady motel room, and all the things he had said to her. One thing in particular kept haunting her…. but she didn’t want to ruin the happy atmosphere. So, she blurted out the first thing that came to mind. 
 
“What was her name?” 
 
“God---Here we go.“ Angus groaned while Thorn slipped back into his seat. 
 
“I’m sorry…I don’t know why I asked, it’s none of my business really.” 
 
“Its fine, it’s perfectly normal for you to ask something like that.” He took a deep breath. “Cassie. Her name was Cassie.” 
 
“Who dated who first?” 
 
Angus laughed a little. “Kind of hard to say actually.” 
 
“Mmhmm.” Maddie nodded, wishing she hadn’t gotten into it, but why stop now? “How did you end up dating the same girl anyway? I thought when Alex left the school you stayed back in London?” 
 
“Cassie went to school with us, she was the only girl there.” Angus stopped for a moment to gather his thoughts. “She’s Renir’s adopted daughter.” 
 
“Wow is that why hates you two?” 
 
“Ha, ha….no.” 
 
“I thought it was an all-boy's school?” 
 
“It was. Supposed to be anyway.” His voice took on an agitated tone. “The three of us became friends, then one thing led to another, yadda yadda…” 
 
“Got it.” Maddie interrupted. “So that’s what tore you two apart??” 
 
He hesitated before answering. “It’s a little more complicated than that.” 
 
“Right….” She said back awkwardly. “How much longer before we get to the hotel?” She smiled brightly as Angus started to laugh at her abrupt subject change. 
 
“Half an hour at the most, we’ll be there soon.” 
 
It wasn’t long before they arrived at the hotel; Maddie stared out the window at the lavish structure ahead of them. She assumed no other building would impress her after her stay in Venice, but the view in front of her was causing her to rethink that idea.  
 
They drove around to the front of the hotel; a valet opened her door and helped her out of the car while others grabbed their bags. One man even had a leash ready to escort Thorn to his room. Angus walked around the car to join her, holding his arm out for her to take. 
 
“Have I rendered you speechless my dear?” 
 
“I believe you have.” She smiled back at him, looking around in awe as they stepped inside. “Very impressive.” 
 
They walked over to the front desk, an older lady with silver hair neatly pulled back in a bun smiled as Angus approached. 
 
“Hello, my dear, so good to see you!” she beamed as she came around to greet them, giving him a hug like a long-lost grandson. 
 
“You know I can’t stay away too long.” Angus smiled back. “Miss Gladys, this is Madelyn Conley.” 
 
“Nice to meet you sweetheart.” She took Maddie’s hand and gave it a pat before hurrying back to the desk. “I see they already took the dog to his room. We have your room keys right back here, now it says you’re just staying one night?” 
 
“Yeah, we’ll need to head back on the road pretty soon---“ 
 
“But you’re going to miss the Ball, surely you didn’t come all this way to miss it. You’ve been attending it every year!” 
 
“Is it time for that again already?” Angus glanced at his watch. “I completely forgot about that!” 
Maddie looked back and forth between them, confused. The lady acted as if Angus had forgotten about Christmas or something. “Yes! Yes, it is, how could you forget?” Gladys smiled. “I take it you’ll be staying then?” 
 
“Uhm—well, “ he turned to look at his puzzled companion. “What do you think?” 
 
“I don’t have the slightest clue what you’re talking about.” 
 
“Oh, it’s the Governor’s Ball sugar.” Gladys waved her hand as if that would clear everything up. “It’s a big formal event we hold every year here, Mr. Sheppard always takes part. I’m sure you’ll just love it.” 
 
Maddie forced a smile when she heard the word ‘formal’. “Uh huh…well. Angus. Dear…” she said through her teeth as he started to catch on to her attitude. “It’s totally up to you but we don’t really have anything to wear---“ 
 
“No worries about that.” Gladys cut her off. “Angus always rents a tuxedo and there’s a gown store just down the street that we usually borrow from for his lady friends, don’t we? See now it’s all taken care.” 
 
“Yep. It’s all taken care of.” Angus said, giving Maddie a weak smile. “Would you like to go then?”
 
“Sure. Why not.” She replied unenthused. Gladys didn’t seem to notice as she happily started writing down some info. 
 
They finally escaped the madness and made their way over to the elevator. Angus was praying someone else would step on along with them, but no such luck. 
 
“You go to formal ballroom parties…why am I finding this hilarious?”  
 
“There’s always a lot of important people at this thing…okay? Stop looking at me like that!” he said as Maddie continued to stare. “It’s just one extra night…it’s not really going to matter.” 
 
“I don’t care how long we stay here! I don’t even know where you’re taking me, why would I care how long we stay?” She raised and then abruptly lowered her voice as the doors opened on their floor. “I just don’t like formal events.” She whispered while following him down the hall. 
 
“I never would have guessed that.” He muttered under his breath.
 
“Shut up.” Maddie grumbled and leaned against the wall while he opened the door. 
 
“You’ll be fine, sugar.” He winked before walking inside. 
 
“When you say important people…” she started again as Angus let out an exasperated sigh. They walked inside the beautiful suite, but Maddie wasn’t paying much attention to her surroundings at the moment. “What do you mean exactly?” 
 
“We’re in Texas Maddie.” He said, falling onto the sectional sofa in the middle of the room. ”In my line of work, it helps to be friendly with people who have control of the border. In case I need some paperwork signed off, that sort of thing.” 
 
“Or paperwork conveniently disposed of?” she questioned. 
 
“If the need arises.” He shrugged as she gave him a disapproving look. “It’s really nothing for you to be concerned about. I’ve never told you anything so therefore, you don’t know anything.” 
 
“You just admitted to it right there!” 
 
“I did not! You’re acting on suspicion! You know, you need to stop behaving like a cop since, well, you’re not one anymore.” He reminded her. “C’mon, let’s forget about all that for now. Look at this place! Don’t you want to see your bed?” 
 
Maddie’s mood suddenly changed at the thought of some actual privacy for once. “I have my own bed?” she asked, happily following behind him. 
 
“I thought you could use a good night’s rest. Without any fluffy pink blankets or mirrors on the ceiling.” He said as she walked inside the room, her bags already atop the king-sized bed. “Unless of course, you enjoyed that…” 
 
“Thank you.” She smiled back, ignoring the last comment, and the smirk on his face. “This is really nice.” 
 
“So, you forgive me for dragging you to the governor’s ball?” 
 
“I didn’t say that.” She sat the foot of the bed. “Haven’t forgotten about your confession either.” 
 
“I didn’t confess, a confession is when you admit to doing a certain thing. I simply admitted that I may or may not have done or will do something that could or could not be illegal.” 
 
Maddie looked at him in a daze. “Whatever dude just don’t get me involved.” She said tiredly while lying back on the bed. .
 
“Never intended to. You can take a nap or go clean up ---take a bubble bath or whatever you all do. I’ll order us something to eat later if you want?”  
 
“All right. Hey Angus? Can I ask you something?” 
 
“More interrogating?” he smiled, turning away from the door. 
 
“Not exactly. Just something I’ve been wondering about.” 
 
He took a seat beside her on the bed. “I suppose, long as it’s not too painful…Shoot.” 
 
“That night at the motel, when you kidnapped me, you said something, and I’ve been trying to figure out if it was just part of the act or….” 
 
“What did I say?” 
 
She took a calming breath as the words echoed in her mind. “You told me to ask Alex about who killed my dad. As if you were insinuating that he had done it.” 
 
“Yeah, that…” Angus scratched his head as he stalled. “Well---“ There was a knock at the door and they both turned suddenly to look in the direction of the front room. “That was quick.” He said in relief as they got up and went into the next room. 
 
When he opened the door, a bellhop pushed a large luggage cart inside, loaded down with what was obviously their attire for the ball. 
 
“Miss Gladys said to let her know if you’ll be needing anything else.” 
 
“That should do it.” Angus tipped him before he left while Maddie nervously glared at the clothing rack. 
 
“This should be fun.” she mumbled while looking over her selections. “Why so much stuff?” 
 
“You need to accessorize don’t ya?” Angus laughed. “You have shoes, jewelry…purses to match the dresses. Glad all my stuff comes in one bag.” 
 
Maddie grumbled at him as she unzipped one of the bags to reveal a sparkly red dress. “No red.” She said in annoyance, quickly zipping it back up. 
 
“What’s wrong with red?” 
 
“I’d rather not get into that.” She sighed, looking at option number two, a sky-blue evening gown with layers of tulle that seemed to explode out of the bag when she opened it. “Wow.” 
 
“That’s pretty.” Angus was trying to be encouraging. 
 
“It’s not that bad actually. It’s just kind of, I don’t know…big and poofy?” 
 
“Ah, everything is big and poofy here. Big hair, poofy dresses…Big and poofy…” he held his hands out near his chest. “Well you know.” 
 
“I may go try it on, maybe it doesn’t look as Princess-y when it’s actually on.” 
 
“Good idea, you should go do that.” He said, just glad that he’d been saved by the bell…literally. He went back to the sofa once she had disappeared into the bathroom, turning on the TV just for background noise. He wished that he could go back in time and stop himself from telling her the things he had told her that night at the motel. Why did he have to get so carried away? 
 
Several minutes later Maddie returned to the room. She was right, the dress surprisingly didn’t look as bad once she’d tried it on, she was scared to admit it, but she actually liked it. 
 
“Well?” she asked, trying to get his attention away from the television …that he actually hadn’t been paying any mind to. “What do you think?” 
 
Angus turned to look at the stunning vision in blue in front of him and for once, he was at a loss for words.
 
“It’s too much right? I need something simpler.” She started to walk back to the other dresses when he grabbed her arm gently, pulling her back toward him. 
 
“I’m sorry.” He said, taking her by surprise. 
 
“For what?” 
 
“I feel like I should have a glass slipper for you.” He said back seriously, only Maddie took it as a joke. 
 
“Very funny Angus…I think I saw a simple black dress on the rack, I’ll just wear it instead.“ 
 
“I didn’t mean it like that.” He interrupted. “They always say that girls dream about Prince Charming, don’t you think we dream about having our own Cinderella?”
 
She stared into his eyes, trying her best to figure him out. Waiting for him to start laughing, but he didn’t. Not even an evil smirk formed on his lips. She reached up to touch his forehead as if checking for a fever. 
 
“That was genuinely sweet…are you feeling all right?” she touched the side of his face and he placed his hand against hers, keeping her palm against his skin. Maddie was surprised when she only got a simple nod back from him, Angus not being able to speak? Something wasn’t right at all.  
 
“Have a seat.” He finally spoke, still holding onto her hand as they both sat down. “About what you asked me earlier…I shouldn’t have told you that. It wasn’t my place to. I wish I could take it all back but it’s not possible and there’s no reason for you to be confused, What I said was true, Alex was the one who shot your Dad.” 
 
Hearing it said out loud made all the difference in her mind. Maddie could feel the pressure of a thousand tons on her chest. “But how is that even possible?” 
 
“It wasn’t intentional, I mean---it’s a pure fucked up mess orchestrated by Renir that you two met in the first place. Alex didn’t even know who your Dad was. It was his first sniper mission, and the first time any of us had been assigned to kill someone that wasn’t exactly guilty.”

He paused when he saw the confusion in her eyes. “Let me try to explain this, before that it was always terrorists, rapists, murderers that hadn’t been convicted …people who had slipped through the cracks of the justice system. But this was different, obviously. Renir and Vance, they just wanted your Dad out of the picture because they were afraid, he was going to call them out. Only…they were too scared to do it themselves. So, they made one of us do it.” 
 
“Alex tried to get out of it, it was actually the thing that pushed him over the edge and made him decide to leave. Renir had a gun to his head the entire time, he threatened the lives of all the others back at the school if he didn’t go through with it. And Alex felt like he didn’t have a choice.” 
 
The room was eerily silent once Angus stopped talking. Maddie was holding onto his every word while still clinging his hand…not realizing how tightly she was holding it. “So, he still doesn’t know that it was my Dad that he shot?” she asked, a small amount of relief in her voice. 
 
“He does now.” Angus replied regrettably. 
 
“Now as in…since I’ve been with you?”
 
“No. As in since he was in Vegas. Vance told him. They were going to use it as blackmail against him in order to get the information about the money.” 
 
That small amount of relief quickly started to dissolve. “Are you sure about that?” 
 
“Positive When I went back to talk to Renir about his ‘plan’ for me to capture you, he told me about it. Showed me the papers himself.” 
 
“But that means he knew when we were in Venice.” she stopped to think back at how Alex seemed so distant at times when they were in Italy, how she always felt like there was something he wasn’t telling her. “Why didn’t he say anything?”
 
“Well…I’d say it’s not that easy to tell your girlfriend that you whacked off her Dad. I mean…” he paused to clear his throat. “I’m not too good at this stuff. What I’m saying is, I’m sure he wanted to but---“ 
 
“He didn’t think I could handle it.” She replied in annoyance. “Or I’d go off the deep end, I’d be angry at him…How could I be angry at him for this? He had no idea who I was at the time! He was pressured into it, the way I see it, Renir and Vance are still at fault!” 
 
“Right…” 
 
“But he didn’t believe I was strong enough to handle that.” Her voice began to crack, and tears started to freely fall from her face. 
 
“What would you have done if he had told you?” 
 
Maddie wiped her eyes. “I don’t know.”  She couldn’t think clearly; nothing was making any sense in her mind. “I really don’t! I can’t blame him but at the same time I---don’t know how I feel about it right now.” She let go of his hand as she stood up. “I don’t know if there’s even a word to describe it.” 
 
“But he should have told me, shouldn’t he? I mean, no matter how hard it would have been, it would have been better for him to tell me as soon as he could have. That way they no longer had anything on him. He just didn’t trust me enough. He didn’t trust us enough.” She wiped her eyes and stared down at the dress. 
 
“I should go change before I end up ruining this.” Her hands began to shake as she started feeling ill. Maddie quickly walked back to her room as Angus followed in behind her. 
 
“Do you need some help?” he asked as she struggled with the back of the dress. 
 
“If I could stop trembling, I could get it…” she gave up as he walked up behind her. “Thank you.” She tried holding back more tears as she felt the zipper being pulled all the way down to the small of her back. 
 
“You’re welcome.” Angus said as she turned around to face him. He didn’t want to hurt or confuse her anymore, but he kept telling himself if she made the first move, he wasn’t going to stop her. Pulses raced as they both moved slowly moved toward each other. Maddie let go of the death grip she had on the dress, causing it to fall to the floor. That was all the proof he needed. 
He picked her up away from the mess of blue fabric as they started to kiss and carried her toward the bed. 
 
 


 
A few hours outside of Dallas…
 
Alex stood beside of the Firebird at the gas pump, watching the sun go down. It was still sweltering hot even in the late evening hours. The heat was annoying, the fact that he didn’t have a clue what his next move was going to be was annoying…even his hair was annoying the hell out of him since he still needed that haircut.  
 
He took off his shirt as he waited for the pump to be reset, catching the eye of a couple of young ladies passing by. One started yelling out, asking if he needed a lift somewhere. Alex simply grinned and looked away, though part of him wanted to take them up on it. Once Maddie found out the truth would she even want to be with him anyway? But he had to resist, regardless of his future with Maddie…he still needed to keep her safe. He felt like it was the least that he could do. 
 
Jay stepped out of the truck stop after paying the bill and handed the phone to Alex. “Your buddy’s on the line. He wouldn’t talk to me. Said I couldn’t be trusted.” 
 
“Don’t take it personal.” Alex laughed. “Hey Tink.” 
 
“Major change in plans dude, Angus is staying at the Governor’s Inn in Dallas and guess what event is taking place tomorrow night? None other than the annual Governor’s Ball, aka the biggest drug selling par-tay of the year.” 
 
“Brilliant.” Alex’s mood suddenly changed from dismal to ecstatic. “Do Marcus and Mitra know already? Great. Keep us informed, I’ll let you know when we get there.” 
 
“Where are we going now?” Jay asked as he slipped into the driver’s seat. Very curious about why Alex was so happy all of the sudden. 
 
“Dallas, a hotel called the Governor’s Inn. That’s where Angus and Maddie are staying. They have a big event every year called the Governor’s Ball, lots of politicians and VIP’s show up, many of them are Angus’ customers. Its tomorrow night. He’ll be there making deals, I’m sure of it.” 
 
“So, what’s in store for us?”  
 
Alex smiled to himself. “We’re going to crash the party.” 
 
“Sounds good to me.” Jay agreed as he drove down the long highway, they reached the top of the hill and saw an array of blue and red lights. 
 
“Oh shit…” Jay slowed the car down as they approached the roadblock. “Shit…shit shit…” 
 
“Just calm down,” Alex said as he tried to remain calm himself.  “Can we do a U-turn?” 
 
“Yeah that’ll be very inconspicuous!” he replied as they both turned to look out the rear window. “Well we could have but that damn row of cop cars behind us now is blocking the fucking way.” He pulled over to the side of the road. 
 
“What are you going to do?” 
 
“How likely is it that all of this is for you?” 
 
“I’d say…a good ninety nine percent?” 
 
“I was afraid of that, all right. I’m going to go find out for sure, if they mention you, I’ll tell them I have you in custody and I’m taking you back to Tennessee for questioning.” 
 
“Ok yeah, that should work.” He nodded.
 
“You think so?” 
 
“Well if it doesn’t, I’m probably headed for death row, so—no pressure mate.” 
 
“Oh, just death row? That’s fantastic….” Jay muttered and rolled his eyes as he got out of the car and timidly approached the vehicles. 
 
All he could see ahead were guys in suits, who were much higher on the ladder than he’d ever dream of being. And none of them appeared very happy at the moment. 
 
“Hello Officers.” He said, holding up his badge so they could clearly see that he was one of them. One of the men stepped forward, eyeing Jay’s badge carefully before he even acknowledged the ‘kid’ in front of him. 
 
“Nashville precinct? You’re a ways out of your jurisdiction eh son? Detective Walker.” He said while shaking Jay’s hand. 
 
“Officer Carpenter, sir. What’s going on tonight, anything I can help out with?” 
 
The older detective mulled over his thoughts and peered back at his crew behind him. “Y’know, you may actually be able to…Heard anything about the Montgomery-Lewis case that went on back in your neck of the woods?” 
 
“Yes sir, I was on that case actually.” Jay calmed down somewhat as the detective looked relieved. He wasn’t sure if he should mention Alex or not, but they weren’t exactly going to be able to leave without anyone seeing him. 
 
“That’s why I’m here …” Jay continued. “I was looking for an Alexander Stone.” 
 
“Well then you’re in good company Officer, so are we.” 
 
“Right…” Jay nodded. He wasn’t sure if he liked the look on the man’s face.  “That’s great because I have him in custody already…” in an instant, Detective Walker motioned his men toward the Firebird. “Hold on sir, I’ve been ordered to take him back to Nashville…” Jay followed behind him. “He’s required to be there for a hearing!” Helplessly he stood back and watched as a couple of agents dragged Alex out of the car. 
 
“We’ll take care of it. This is our responsibility now.” The detective said back sternly. “But Officer. Carpenter, while I’m at it I should ask you…if you were taking Mr. Stone back to Nashville, why were you heading south?” 
 
“I had other business to take care of.” 
 
“Across the border?” Walker asked suspiciously. “Something so important you had to take a convicted felon with you to Mexico?” he said as two agents grabbed Jay’s arms from behind, pushing him down against the hood of his car. 
 
“He didn’t have any involvement…” Alex yelled out before he got silenced.
 
“I don’t think I need to read you your rights again Alex, you should have them memorized by now. Silence is golden. Put them both in the car, we’ll figure out this one when we get there.” Walker said as he pushed Jay forward. Both guys were cuffed and led to a cop car where they were assisted into the backseat. 
 
“That asshole detective a friend of yours?” Jay whispered in annoyance. 
 
“We’ve crossed paths before, unfortunately.” Alex sighed.
 
Jay closed his eyes and leaned back against the seat. “I’ve not been in the back of one of these since I was a kid. Abby is going to murder me…” 
 
“I doubt this will help but, I think I may be able to get us out of this.” Alex was trying to keep Jay calm; he wasn’t too worried about himself at the moment. He’d been in worse situations in the past.
 
Jay cringed as the blaring siren started up. “No, it doesn’t help but, if we do get out of this alive, I’m so kicking your ass.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 










 
 
 

Chapter Eighteen
 
*Angus’ POV*
 
              We always make things out to be much worse than what they actually are. I guess the bad stuff always blocks out the good. Our time back at the Phoenix Academy wasn’t exactly as horrible as we’ve let on. And that means a lot coming from me; I have the scars to prove that I was the bastard child, the least favorite out of everyone else who was there. So, if I say it really wasn’t always bad, you know I mean it.
 
We weren’t really held prisoner there. We got to go out on the town several nights out of the month. Guess you could say it was the closest thing we had to a field trip. We’d sneak into Pubs; try to con some old drunken geezers or desperate older women to buy us drinks, and most of the time it worked. We had some fun times; and it helped make up for all the hell we had to go through back at the school. 
 
Most of those nights are nothing but a blur to me now but there’s one that stands out, one that I won’t ever forget. 
 
It was late in the fall, a dry night…literally. I wasn’t having any luck bumming alcohol off of anyone and it was also one of those times when Cassie decided she’d rather be with Alex…for the time being anyway. I was fed up with sitting at the bar alone and started to head back to campus when this older guy, probably in his late forties, called out to me from his booth. 
 
“Hey kid, buy you a drink?” 
 
I looked around at first, making sure he wasn’t talking to anyone else. “Yeah, sure.” I took a seat and started to wonder if that had been the right move. The man looked troubled, no really…I mean he looked fucked up. 
 
He passed the extra bottle my way and I hesitated at first, what if this was some crazy cop trying to bust me? But I figured a copper wouldn’t look so homely, plus I was dying of thirst, so I went ahead and took a drink. 
 
“Seen you kids around here a lot, go to the school nearby?” 
 
“Yes sir, Phoenix Academy.” 
 
“Sir.” He laughed. “Call me Mike.” 
 
“All right.” I said, braving up a little as I shook his hand. “Name’s Angus.” 
 
“Angus? Well, Hells Bells boy…” Mike chuckled again. “Good name, great band.” 
 
“I agree.” 
 
“So, the Phoenix Academy huh? How do you like it there?” 
 
I shrugged and sat the bottle back on the table. “It’s all right. Its school you know?” 
 
“Learning about Math and Science and all that?” 
 
“Somewhat.” First rule of the Phoenix don’t discuss what goes on at the Phoenix. 
 
His voice got lower when he spoke up again. “I know what goes on at that place.”
 
That got my attention but still, I tried to act as inconspicuous as I could. 
 
“You kids don’t know it but, I’m the one that gave Renir and Vance the money to start the school up in the first place…though I never intended for things to end up like they have.” 
 
I was mid-drink whenever he told me that. Was this guy for real? “So, you own the school?” 
 
“No, I backed out once things started getting crazy.” 
 
“But if you paid for it then you must have some sort of say in how things are done, right?” 
 
“I’ve said enough to bury myself ten times over already.” He shook his head. “If you and your friends ever have the opportunity to leave that place, do it. And don’t look back.” 
 
I must have looked at him like he was insane. The opportunity to leave? Phoenix? The mere thought of it was hilarious. “Yeah, well. Thanks for the beer man…” I passed the empty bottle back to him and started to get up. I wasn’t ready to be a part of any great escape just yet. It was too risky. 
 
“I have a favor to ask, if you don’t mind…” he motioned for me to sit back down. “Want something else to drink?” 
 
I slowly sat down once again but this time refused the beer. “What is it?” 
 
He took out his wallet and started flipping through the little plastic sheets of photographs, pulled one out and slid it over to me. “That’s my baby girl.” 
 
“She’s cute.” 
 
“She’s twelve.” 
 
“Did I say cute? I meant to say adorable!” I quickly slid the picture back to him of the, in my defense, mature looking twelve-year-old; Mike didn’t look very amused at my fifteen-year-old self. 
 
“I have something for her, something that needs to be mailed to her in the event of my death. I was wondering if you could do that for me.” 
 
“What…are you sick or something?” 
 
“No. I’m perfectly healthy.” He said grimly as he took a small box out of his coat pocket. “Could you send this to her? The address is inside.” 
 
“How will I know…?” 
 
“You’ll hear about it, I’m sure. I’ll see to it that you’re greatly rewarded if you do this for me. As long as you keep it to yourself.” 
 
“I don’t know.” I sat the little white box down and stared at it. “I get in enough trouble as it is.” 
 
“You won’t get in trouble; all you have to do is put it in the mail. It’s that simple.” 
 
“And I’ll be rewarded?” 
 
“Very much, I’ll see to that. And also, it’s not a requirement but, if and when you do get out, if you could hunt her up and keep an eye on her for me from time to time. Just make sure she’s okay? I don’t want my past mistakes ruining her life any more than it already has.” 
 
I’d never seen a man so distraught in my life; of course, I’d never really seen a man that acted like a father should toward his children. It was heartbreaking. I was still skeptical about how safe this task would be, and if I would truly be rewarded for sticking my neck out for a complete stranger. But Mike would prove to me later that he was a man of his word.
 

 
 Hues of orange and yellow sunlight shined through the colorful drapery, lighting up Maddie’s hair, creating shimmers on her face as she slept, peacefully. He watched as her forehead started to crease as if she were having a bad dream, then the lines slowly faded as a smile crept back on her face as she squeezed her pillow tighter. 
 
Angus pulled the sheet up around her bare shoulders and lay back down next to her, watching her sleep. He hated to wake her, but there were things they had to do. His fingers lightly touched the tip of her nose. 
 
“Time to wake up.” He whispered.
 
“Mm…” Maddie opened her eyes then turned her back to him, gripping the pillow tighter. 
 
“C’mon, Gladys called earlier, she’s got someone coming to do your hair and makeup at around four.” 
 
“How sweet of her to do that.” 
 
“Well let’s not get too excited.” Angus laughed at her sarcasm. 
 
“Fine, I’ll get up in a couple minutes…you said four, right?” 
 
“Yeah, but it’s after two now.” 
 
“What?” She sat up, holding the sheet up against her as she looked over at the clock on the nightstand. 
 
“Don’t look so surprised, not like we went to sleep at a decent hour.” That smirk returned. It felt like butterflies were raging a war in Maddie’s stomach. 
 
“Yeah…” she said, not knowing what else to say to that. “I should probably go shower and everything before they get here…” 
 
“All right.” Angus agreed, staying put in the room. Maddie gave him a look. He stared back in confusion until she broke the awkward silence.
 
“Is there like a…robe or something in the bathroom for me to--?” 
 
“Oh! Yeah, I’ll get it, sorry.” 
 
“Thanks.” She quickly put it on once he returned with it and his head was turned. 
 
“It’s kinda silly isn’t it?” Angus started talking, she really wished he hadn’t. “Last night neither one of us cared but honestly right now I probably wouldn’t want you to see me naked either.” 
 
Maddie tightened the belt on her robe. “Yep it’s silly.” She mumbled as she started to walk past him to the bathroom, but he was in her way. He moved, she moved in the same direction. Angus reached over and held onto her shoulders to hold her in place while he moved out of her way. Maddie hurried to the bathroom and shut the door before anything else could happen.
 
She squeezed her eyes shut and leaned against the door, trying to understand her emotions. She wasn’t exactly having that wonderful ‘in love’ feeling, nor was she feeling regret…it was just awkward. 
 
There was a gentle tap on the door, but Angus could have slammed his fist against it, and it wouldn’t have made a difference in how shaken she was. “There’s some fruit and bagels in the front room if you want, room service brought it up earlier.” 
 
“Okay.” She finally called out, once she could speak. 
 
After a quick shower and getting dressed Maddie went to join Angus at the small dining table. He was sitting there as calm as ever, reading the paper…with a pair of glasses on. She held her stomach as those damn butterflies started once again. 
 
“I didn’t know you wore glasses.” 
 
“Just for reading…I don’t read much.” He laughed slightly. She kept staring at him while uncovering a basket full of bagels. 
 
“With them on you remind me of a chemistry teacher I had.” She said as they both reached into the basket at the same time, hands touching. They looked at each other with the same uneasiness as before. 
 
“I do?” 
 
“He was a younger teacher, just out of college.” Maddie cleared her throat started to eat quickly, to shut herself up. 
 
“So…how well did you do in chemistry that year?” he peered at her over the rim of his glasses. 
 
“Aced it.” She replied, as calmly as possible. 
 
“Really? Hm. So…” he thought for a moment. “Where is the extra electron located in the hydroxide ion?”
 
She stared back at his serious looking face. He was so good at being evil. “Uh…God, I don’t know…that was freshman year chemistry Angus.” She shrugged as he simply grinned back. 
 
“Speaking of chemistry and things spontaneously combusting…” he laid the paper down and propped his elbow up on the table. “About last night.” 
 
“Do we really have to go there?”
 
“If we’re planning on being in the same room together any, at all in the near future then, yes. This awkwardness is killing me.” 
 
“Well, okay.” She shrugged. “What about it?” 
 
“I just wanted to be sure that we’re both on the same page first of all. I know you’re still confused about Alex and I’m sure, eventually sometime down the road, you’ll go back to him. Which is fine. I’m a horrible boyfriend anyway and---“ 
 
Maddie held up her hand. “Angus just stop for a minute. I’m aware that just because we…. did what we did...That doesn’t mean that we’re in a serious relationship now. It’s okay. You’re off the hook.” 
 
“Good.” He nodded, relieved. “Not that it would be a bad thing to be in a relationship with you…I’m just saying,” he paused as his train of thought began to wander. “I’ll shut up now, about that anyway. So…if you want, you can just forget that last night even happened. We don’t have to discuss it anymore, it just, it never happened.” 
 
Maddie nodded slowly while chewing on her food. “And what if I don’t want to forget it?” 
 
That surprised him, to say the least. Maddie had caused him to be speechless once again. Very few people had ever been able to do that. “Then, I guess you don’t have to.” 
 
“I mean, I don’t regret it, may not be very proud of it I guess but…” she stopped to clear her throat as he laughed a little. “Still, I don’t want to forget about it.”  
 
“Okay, I guess I had you all wrong then.” 
 
“Maybe you did.” 
 
“Does that mean it could possibly happen again sometime? Sort of a friends with benefits thing?” 
 
She shrugged again. “I guess we’ll just have to wait and see about that.” 
 
“You know we have some time to spare before your appointment.” He said as she gave him a tired look. “Or not. Too soon?” 
 
“Just a little bit.” 
 
They went back to eating in silence for a few minutes before Angus spoke up again. “I could leave the glasses on.” Maddie just laughed to herself as she pretended that her bagel was far more interesting than what he just said. “Be your naughty Chemistry teacher?” 
 
It took all the strength she had to force the smile off her face. “You’re pushing your luck.” 
 
“Maybe later.” He sighed, getting another bagel from the basket.
 
 


 
 
“How did this happen?” 
 
Jay was lying flat on his back on the top bunk inside the county jail he and Alex were being held at. They’d stay there until the next morning when the FBI would be there to transport them elsewhere. Jay would probably go back to Nashville without having to stay in custody…Alex however wouldn’t be so lucky. 
 
“You got involved with my fucked-up life, that’s how it happened.” Alex answered him. 
 
“You know, blaming yourself doesn’t exactly make the situation any better. So, there’s really no point in doing that.” 
 
“But it’s true, isn’t it?” 
 
“What’s wrong with you man? Why the depressing attitude all of the sudden?” 
 
“Sorry Jason I’ll try to be more cheerful the next time we’re cellmates.”
 
“I’m not talking about right now; I mean since you and I have been looking for Maddie. It’s almost like you can’t fight back anymore. And I know better than that.” 
 
“Do you now?” 
 
“Yes, I do. I mean, I know we had a plan and we were trying to catch up with this guy, but it’s almost like you were trying to stay two steps behind him. Yet, that night we were captured at Daniel’s, you killed a guy with your own two hands. I saw it. I’d just like to know where that guy is now.” 
 
Alex sighed and got up to stretch his legs. “Somewhere in Vegas I reckon.” 
 
“So, you killed your mob boss…, sorry but I’m missing the part where that’s a problem.” 
 
“It---it’s not a mob!” he laughed slightly.
 
“Well, whatever! Your leader—whatshisface. Shouldn’t that be a good thing?” 
 
“Not when you have two leaders.” Alex stared at the old scribbled handwriting on the wall. “Let’s face it, I’m just going to get Maddie into more trouble, Maybe Angus is doing the right thing.” 
 
“But if you don’t trust him, neither should she. You’ve known him longer than she has, and I know how gullible Maddie can be. I don’t see how this could end well.” 
 
“Regardless of all that he’s done, he may be able to keep her safe, better than I can. At least at this point wouldn’t you agree?” Alex said as he wandered alongside the iron bars.
 
“No, I don’t agree. You know why? Because we have Maddie’s best interest at heart. We want to keep her alive. You told me yourself, this guy would do anything for the right price.” Jay argued as Alex held his hand up. 
 
“I was really angry when I said that.” He said, getting a crazed look from Jay.
 
“Soo…is he or isn’t he dangerous?” 
 
“He can be, unless he develops feelings for the victim.” 
 
“And you’re okay with that? You’re just going to give up on her without a fight?” Jay walked away from him, shaking his head. “I know we don’t know each other that well, but we’ve been through some crazy shit together in the short time that I’ve known you. And I could be wrong but---I can’t see you giving up on her like that. Just walking away and letting this guy have her.” 
 
“If that’s what she wants.” He shrugged. 
 
“Dear God, we need an intervention, I am not staying in the same cell with Mr. Sunshine here.” Jay grumbled, right before they heard a loud clanking noise near the doorway. They both turned to look at the door in confusion. 
 
“You boys are free to go.” The guard said as he opened the cell door, a tall dark man in a military uniform standing beside him. “Sorry for any inconvenience Lieutenant Jetson.”  
 
“Not a problem.” Jett answered him. “I’ll make sure they properly taken care of sir.” He smiled briefly at an astonished Alex as they walked down the hallway. 
 
“I could kiss you.” Alex whispered. 
 
“Don’t start that shit man, I’ll throw you back in the cage.” Jett said under his breath while Alex tried to keep from laughing. 
 
“I don’t know what you did or how you did it…” 
 
“Come on now, I learnt all that from you.” Jett patted him on the shoulder. 
 
Jay was looking through his things as they picked up their belongings. “Where are my keys? And my---“ 
 
The lady sitting behind the desk looked up and handed him some paperwork. “Your car is in the impound lot right across the street. Take this over to them and they’ll give you your keys once you pay the fine.”
 
“I—I—I. impound…Impound lot?” Jay choked out. 
 
“Uh oh…” Jett looked over at him then back at Alex. “Brother’s goin to go into convulsions or something’”
 
“Jay? I’m sure its fine.” Alex consoled him, pulling him toward the front door. “Come on, it’s okay…breathe!” 
 
He continued talking to him as they walked out toward a large economy sized van. Jett pulled back the side door and Tinky waved from where he was sitting with his laptop. 
 
“That was fast. What’s wrong with him?” Tinky asked about Jay, who was getting paler by the second. 
 
“They impounded his car.” Alex spoke up; he saw Cowboy and Evan leaning over their seats to listen in. 
 
“Which one is it?” Evan asked him. 
 
“The Firebird, have you all seen it over there?” 
 
All the guys let out a sympathetic sigh as they stared longingly across the street. “Yeah man, it’s sitting awfully close to that crane.” Evan replied, and started to laugh once Jay bolted across the street to save his car, that was never in any danger of being crushed to begin with. 
 
“Ok, that was so wrong of me.”
 
“Yes, it was.” Cowboy agreed.
 
“I know. I should never joke about the fate of a car like that.” He said with a grin as Cowboy sank back into his seat, muttering to himself. 
 
“Any updates for me?” Alex asked Tinky as the muttering continued. 
 
“They’re still at the hotel for now, been lots of calls from the front desk to their room so I’m guessing they’re still attending the ball. Oh, and they had bagels with fresh fruit delivered this morning for a late breakfast.” He smiled, while Alex looked unamused. 
 
“How late?” 
 
“Oh, I don’t know, noon-ish. Or way later.” He said, pretending to cough. “You know, you and Angus should just hook up with some identical twins or something man. That’d solve a lot of your problems.” 
 
Alex grinned back as he flipped him off. “You know if you weren’t so smart, you’d be dead already.” 
 
“Yes, I was well aware of that fact years ago.” Tinky laughed. 
 
“All right playa, we got your suits.” Jett called out from the driver’s seat. “I got the extra one for the other guy.” He said, slightly irritable. “Why don’t you just send him back home?” 
 
Alex was getting the same look from the other three guys in the van. “That’s not happening. Look, I know we’ve always had this thing about not letting any outsiders in on our plans…” 
 
“And you were the one who enforced that rule.” Jett reminded him. 
 
“Exactly, so you should trust me when I say he won’t be a problem. Besides we’re not going to be any better off if we try to send him away. Maddie is family to him. If he’s not working with us, he’ll be against us.” 
 
Tinky looked up at him. “He’s one cop. We can’t stand up against one cop?”
 
“I wouldn’t want to find out.” 
 
“Whatever man just keep him out of our way. You riding with us or what?” Jett asked.  
 
“I’ll go with Jay; we’ll see you all there.” Alex tried to ignore their ill-fated looks as he slid the van’s door shut. 
 
 
Later that evening Maddie found herself feeling like she was in an alternate universe, one where she didn’t mind dressing up or wearing heels. Even the crowded ballroom filled with rich and powerful people didn’t make her feel uncomfortable. She was enjoying herself and it was mostly because of the company she was keeping. 
 
“Where did you run off to?” she asked as Angus returned to their table, for the fourth time that night. 
 
“Oh, another one of those things we shall not speak of.” 
 
“Again?” she asked surprised as he nodded, taking a drink. “Hm. Have they been paying up front?” 
 
“Why? You want in?” he grinned as she gave him a dirty look. “Fifty-fifty, we can share the profits.” 
 
“And the punishment.” 
 
“You have to get caught first.” He finished off his drink. “You know, I’m kind of surprised at how calm you are about all this.” 
 
“About all what? Ohh…the powdery stuff in the little baggies that I don’t know about… right.” She replied. “How were you expecting me to act?”
 
“Oh, I don’t know, your usual panicky self I guess.” 
 
“Yeah.” Maddie shrugged. “Normally I would react like that, but I don’t know, maybe I see things differently now. I mean, if you stopped distributing, they’d just find someone else to buy it from. It’s not really going to put a stop to anything, is it?” 
 
“True. True.” Angus sighed to himself. “But I do feel bad about it at times though. Damned conscience.” 
 
“Conscience? You have one of those?” she joked. 
 
“Ha funny. But yeah,” he stared at his glass before sitting it on the table as his voice took on a solemn tone. “Certain people tend to bring it out more.” He then smiled whether he felt like it or not and stood to his feet. “Shall we dance?”
 
He took her hands in his and pulled her from her seat as they walked out onto the open floor. Couples were already dancing to the random adult contemporary mix of songs. Maddie wasn’t paying much attention to the cheesy music or the fact that they were probably the youngest people in the room while she laid her head against his shoulder. Her hand at the back of his neck, fingers getting twisted in his hair, while she thought about the curls that weren’t there. 
 
She closed her eyes, trying to block out the flashbacks of happy times she had with Alex. But it didn’t help; the thoughts wouldn’t escape her mind. It was torturous. She wished she could see him once again but at the same time, how could she face him after knowing the truth? 
 
The music stopped, and people went back to mingling and gathering in their elite cliques. Maddie returned to her seat in a daze but managed to put on a smile when an elderly lady approached them. 
 
“So wonderful to see you sweetheart!” she exclaimed to Angus, taking his hand. 
 
“Good to see you doing so well Miss Susie.” 
 
“Oh, they won’t keep me tied down long.” She chuckled. “Don’t believe anything they tell you; I’m doing as well as I was fifty years ago.” 
 
“Well that’s wonderful.” Angus smiled back at her. 
 
“Nice to see you back again too Dear.” She said, looking over at Maddie, who simply smiled and nodded back in confusion. “Though I wish you hadn’t changed your hair, that ginger was such a pretty color on you.” 
 
Maddie turned to Angus, giving him a strange look. He simply pointed to his head, mouthing out ‘Old People’ and shrugged. 
 
“I best be getting back to my seat; they’ll think I’ve ran off again.” Susie laughed once more before waving goodbye to them and walking away. 
 
Maddie waited a few seconds before speaking up, Angus seemed to be incredibly thirsty at the moment. “So. What was that all about?” 
 
“That’s Gladys’ mother-in-law, she’s ninety-seven years old. They said she had a pretty bad spell a few months ago. You just have to take what she says with a grain of salt; you know…bad memory and all that.” 
 
“Uh huh.” Maddie nodded again. Grain of salt…exactly.  “She had no problem remembering you.” 
 
“She’s always went on over me, I don’t know why. She’s a sweet lady.” He sat his glass down quickly when another client looked his way and motioned for him from across the room. “I’ll be back.” 
 
“Busy busy busy…” Maddie said quietly as she took a long drink herself. She finished off her champagne and walked over to refreshments table, taking a newly filled glass as Gladys walked over to join her. 
 
“Oh, they did such a wonderful job on your hair, you look just stunning my dear.” She said, patting Maddie on the shoulder. “Are you having a nice time?” 
 
“Yes, surprisingly. Not really used to all of this but I’m having a lot of fun.” 
 
“That’s good.” Gladys smiled as she browsed through the hors d'oeuvres. “I apologize if my mother in law was bothering you all…she can be awfully chatty at parties.” 
 
“Oh no, she wasn’t.” 
 
“She insists on coming to all the events we have, I guess if I could get around as good as she does at her age, I wouldn’t sit at home either.” She laughed. “She had a bout of pneumonia a few months back, things weren’t looking too good. So glad she was able to come out of it. She’s like a second mother to me.”
 
“Seems to have a great memory…” Maddie implied. 
 
“Does she ever! It amazes me.” Gladys exclaimed. “Her doctors have even said they’re shocked by how well she can remember things. Right down to the tiniest detail.” 
 
“Really?” Maddie replied, hoping she didn’t sound too cynical while she stared in Angus’ direction.   
“Well I better get back to the party, enjoy your night sugar.” Gladys patted her shoulder once again before returning to the crowd. Maddie waited until she was gone before downing an entire glass of wine, and quickly reaching for another. 
 
She was about to take a drink when her eyes became locked on the front entrance. Nearly choking, she sat the glass down on the table carefully. She was frozen where she stood, completely unsure of which way to turn. Her eyes drifted over to the back of the room where Angus was, oblivious to what was about to happen. 
 
 
 



Chapter Nineteen
 
 
*Maddie’s POV*
 
“Why is it when you really don’t want to be noticed, that’s when you’re the most visible person in the room?” I thought to myself as I tried to turn the other way. But I knew it was too late, they had already seen me. Was I really going to run away from my best friend and my ‘possibly ex, possibly not ex‘ boyfriend? Who had been through God knows what just to find me?
 
I was seriously considering it. 
 
Up until the moment Jay’s eyes met mine. Then it was too late. He frantically motioned for me to come over to them, and I didn’t want to. Alex finally looked over my way and that’s all it took. I got sucked back into those chocolate-ty brown puppy dog eyes. But I could tell from the looks on their faces, there wasn’t much time for gushing. Something was about to go down.
 
I hurried over to them while glancing over to the far side of the ballroom where Angus stood with his back to me, oblivious to everything, there was no time to warn him. “What the hell are you doing here?” I asked under my breath as Jay pulled me aside. 
 
“Nice to see you too.” Jay muttered back while holding onto my arm. Annoyed, I pulled it away and looked over at Alex.
 
“There’s no time to explain.” He said.
 
“What’s going on?”
 
“You need to come with us. Something is about to happen, and you don’t need to be caught in the crossfire...” He could tell I wasn’t happy to hear that. But there wasn’t any time to argue. 
 
Suddenly the two double doors at the entrance flew open, people backed away as fully armed FBI agents and a SWAT team hurried in the door. I felt like my head was under water; I could barely hear the yelling of commands from the man in charge. I was able to catch a glimpse of Angus as he tried to get away, while Alex and Jay pulled me toward the Emergency Exit.  
 
“Would you two just stop for one second and tell me what the hell just happened?” 
 
Alex turned around and stared at me for a moment as if he didn’t know what to say. “A drug bust, the feds have been after Angus for a while now and this party is known for its exchanges.” 
 
“Well that was convenient.”
 
“I suppose it was.” He shrugged as we all continued to walk down the stairs. 
 
“If you came here just to get me, you could have done it without bringing in the circus you know.” 
 
“Nothing wrong with killing two birds with one stone is there?” 
 
I kept my opinions to myself as I stomped down the steps; It felt like there wasn’t any use in trying to talk to him. Angus was already caught by now; there wasn’t any way for me to help him. 
 
We reached the door that led to the parking garage; echoes of a struggle could be heard as soon as the doors opened up. I was afraid to see what was behind them.
 
“That’s enough!” Alex yelled out when he saw Angus being held by one man and getting beaten by another. I couldn’t help but wonder, once they stopped, how did Alex have any control over the FBI?
 
“I meant for you to arrest him, not flog him to death.” 
 
The agent that was holding onto Angus spoke up. “Not like he didn’t deserve it.” He smirked. I wanted to smack him.
 
Alex looked toward the other agent. “Get him out of here.” 
 
“Mitra, you heard him.” he instructed. I assumed he was Marcus, just from Alex’s description of him. “I tried to talk some sense into him. You know how he is when he’s on a power trip.” 
 
Angus was holding onto his head in pain. “I really hope you’re not expecting a fucking thank you for saving the day.” He grumbled.
 
“Naw, we know you better than that.” Marcus told him. 
 
“Good.” Angus smiled evilly toward Alex. “So, I guess that means you know what fun I’ve been having with…” he grinned and looked over at me. Why did he have to bring that up? He barely got the words out before Alex’s fist contacted his left jaw. That’s when the real fight began. 
 
Jay grabbed onto my arms firmly while I screamed and yelled for both of them to stop. When it seemed like neither of them were willing to give up, Alex pulled out his gun. That’s when I finally broke free. In a rush I ran toward them and stood out of breath, in between the loaded gun and Angus. 
 
Alex slowly lowered his arm; he looked as if couldn’t believe what he was seeing. “Is this what you want?” he yelled out. 
 
Tears started rolling down my face while I tried to speak. I was breaking his heart by standing there, and it was also literally tearing mine in two. “I only want the truth.” 
 
He knew exactly what I was implying. “I wanted to tell you. It sure as hell wasn’t his place to do it!” he said angrily toward Angus. 
 
“I should have already known about it as soon as you came back!” I yelled back at him. 
 
He took a few steps back as Marcus walked over to cuff Angus and take him to the car. This couldn’t be happening, not like this. I spun around franticly. “Wait…” 
 
“Give her a minute.” Alex forced the words out before he turned and walked away. Marcus shrugged in confusion as he gave us some privacy.  
 
“I didn’t know.” I said as tears started falling again. “I swear I had no idea---“ 
 
Angus smiled back at me, taken aback by what I was saying. “I know that. I never thought you had anything to do with it. Don’t worry about it. I’ll be all right. It’s not the first time they’ve caught up with me. Hey.” he raised my chin up to look at him. “Do me a favor?” 

“What’s that?” 

“Take care of Thorn for me until I get out?” 

“Sure, of course.” I replied. “I wish there was more I could do.” 

“Maybe there is.” 

Before I even had a chance to react, to even realize what was going on, Angus got the best of me again. He jumped up grabbing me from behind, one hand around my waist while the other grabbed a concealed gun he had on him and held it to my neck. 

The echo of guns clicking was all around us in the garage of the hotel. Alex charged back in our direction. 
“Dammit Angus you fucking coward.” 

“I’m not going to hurt her…”

“Yeah it fucking looks that way.” Jay spoke up, while giving me that look of disproval again.

“I’m not going to prison. Not like this. Sorry sweetheart.” 

“Fuck you.” I managed to mutter as his grip tightened. 

Alex walked up slowly; I could tell he wasn’t as sure of himself now as he had been in the past. He knew what Angus was capable of. 

“Please. Don’t do this. Just let her go.”

“I need leverage.” 

“You know they’ll get you out…” 

“Not this time. I didn’t deliver. I went against them. “I couldn’t help but still feel bad for him even though he could literally end my life right then. Angus, Alex, all the guys they were associated with, they were all broken in one way or another. And it wasn’t their fault.

“I’ll help you…” Alex told him.

“I’m sure you will.” Angus scoffed. 

Alex was shaking, he knew Angus better than any of us.  I couldn’t tell at first if he was just playing along or being sincere when he spoke.
“Angus…. brother. Come on. You owe me this at least.” 

That was it. That was the magic word to get him to back off just enough so that I could gain control. I could feel Angus loosen his grip just enough. He wasn’t completely focused on me any longer. I slammed my heel into his foot, causing him to let go and quickly grabbed his gun. I wasn’t even sure if I had ahold of it at first it all happened so fast. 

Angus gave up, falling to the floor while Marcus rushed over to put the cuffs on him once and for all. 




Later that night…   
 
 
I went outside on the balcony to sit after the storm had died down inside. Poor Miss Gladys was clueless about the entire ordeal.  She told everyone, including Alex, Jay and the leftover members of the Brotherhood to stay the night for free. I didn’t hear any complaints about that. It was a really nice hotel after all. 
 
I just wish I’d asked for a different room. There were far too many confusing memories lingering around in there. 
 
“At least I have someone to keep me company.” I smiled over at Angus’ faithful four-legged friend. Thorn hadn’t left my side since I went to pick him up. He’s an amazing listener. Maybe I just need to get a dog and forget everything else. 
 
Thorn let out a bark, for a second, I thought he was reading my mind, then I could hear a low rumbling growl, I turned to see that we had an intruder. 
 
“Aw that’s no way to greet an old friend now is it mate?” Alex sat down beside the dog who, after giving him a good sniffing, stopped growling and started licking his hand. 
 
“You two know each other?” I asked, still staring up at the dark sky. The stars were so beautiful that night…I tried to stay focused on them. 
 
“Yeah I found the little bugger in the alley near my place in Brooklyn. I knew I couldn’t keep him---Cassie told me she knew someone that wanted a dog. Lo and behold…” he paused to roll his eyes. I didn’t look. Just glanced over his way. I’m still allowed to side-glance, aren’t I? 
 
“I’m sure you’ve heard about Cassie.” He added, with an uneasy tone to his voice. 
 
“Yeah, somewhat.” Not heard nearly as much as I needed to hear. I was sure of that. 
 
“We share the same taste in clothes …amongst other things.”  I gave him a half-smile as I looked over at him. He smiled back, pretending to be more interested in Thorn than me. Or at least…I hope he was pretending.  
 “Yeah, funny how that is.” 
I continued staring up at the sky, not sure what to say or what to do. So much had happened and getting the confirmation of what Angus had told me about Alex and my Dad was devastating to say the least. I wasn’t sure how I felt about it, or how Alex felt. But I could tell he was troubled about something and was sure that was it. 
He took my hand and just sat there holding it for a few moments before he spoke up. 
“It was so cold that morning. I can remember everything about it. How cloudy it was outside. It looked like the end of the world to me. It felt that way too. I didn’t want to do it. And they knew that I didn’t, but they made me anyway…” 
He paused and I looked over at him. He was staring straight ahead, not daring to look me in the eye. I could tell this was something that he never talked to anyone else about before. 
“They tried to tell me his name, who he was, but I didn’t want to know. I knew that this time was different. I knew I wasn’t going to kill someone who deserved it, somebody who managed to slip through the cracks. I knew…. I knew that he was innocent.” 
It felt like my chest was going to cave in as I finally allowed the emotions to take over and I started sobbing. I couldn’t help it. I didn’t want to make him feel even worse than he already felt. But it overpowered me. 
It felt like he was holding onto my hand for dear life. “If they had told me that he had a family…. if they had said that, I wouldn’t have done it.” 
I didn’t want to look over at him, but I did, and it looked as if he was crying just as much as I was at that point. 
“If they told me he had a child…I couldn’t have done it. I would’ve just let them kill me. But I insisted, I didn’t want to know. That was my first mistake.” 
“We went to this old abandoned apartment building. It was so dark and dusty inside. I walked into the room and they already had the gun sitting there. It was just sitting there waiting on me. I wanted to back out, I started to a million times.” 
“But Renir told me that if I didn’t do it, they weren’t just going to kill me. They would hurt the other guys. They threatened me with Angus….” He stopped when I started breaking down again. The thought of what they all went through at such a young age, and I was sure that I didn’t even know the half of it. 
“They knew we were best friends, to get me to do their dirty work for them, they’d threaten to abuse him, beat him. He went through so much hell. I couldn’t put him through it anymore. I didn’t want any of them to suffer any more.” 
“I saw your Dad standing at the bus stop, I remember everything about it. He was wearing a brown trench coat, and a gray hat…” 
He started squeezing my hand while I was completely falling apart. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to hear everything but at the same time, I couldn’t tell him to stop. He needed this. 
“That day has haunted me my entire life. It was what drove me over the edge and made me decide to leave. There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t think about it. Especially now. When Vance showed me the file in Vegas, I wanted to die. I didn’t know how I was ever going to face you again, but I knew I needed to come back to you, I needed to help you.” 
“I know saying I’m sorry isn’t going to help. I honestly don’t know what to say to you love to make this any better. I understand if you don’t want to have anything to do with me anymore. If you still want to turn me in, that’ll be fine. Maybe that’s what you should do.”
I stood up and finally let go of his hand then walked back into the hotel room without saying a word. I could hear him walking in behind me. 
“Maddie?” 
The room was nearly pitch-black dark, but I couldn’t see clearly even if it weren’t after wiping my eyes so much. I walked over and hugged him tightly. I didn’t know what else to do, but I knew that turning away from him at this point wasn’t an option. 
“I don’t know how we’ll get through this, but we will.” I told him. “I promise you. We will.” I looked up at him while feelings of guilt flooded my mind. He was so broken throughout all of this and I realized how selfish I was for only considering my own feelings in the matter. 
“I love you Alex.” 
He didn’t reply. Only hugged me again. I wasn’t sure if he felt too guilty himself to say it back to me or if maybe, he didn’t feel the same way anymore. And I honestly couldn’t blame him. Alex went through Hell long before I met him. He was sent here to end my life but instead he decided to risk everything and save it. 
I was determined to find a way to fix us. We’ve been through too much for it to fall apart now. 

 
 

Epilogue 

I always thought other people were crazy when they’d say they were in love with two people at the same time.  And now here I am in love with three. A part of my heart will always belong to Ethan, no matter what. And Angus had managed to steal a good chunk of it in the short time that I knew him. 
 
And Alex, what can I say? He had my heart from the moment I laid eyes on him. Even though we’ve argued and had more problems than anyone I’ve ever been involved with. I guess when you have to fight for something, it makes the outcome that much sweeter. 
 
The following day I was standing outside the hotel with Thorn, waiting on Alex and the others. Abby took the red eye overnight to get there in time to say goodbye. She and Jay were also going to stay at the hotel for a few days, at least they got a nice honeymoon out of the ordeal. I still needed to give them a hard time about all that, nevertheless. 
 
I waved at some of ‘The brotherhood’ as they passed by, didn’t recognize all of them but I’m sure there will be time for introductions in the days, weeks or months to come.  Jett was the last of them to walk out; he gave me a huge smile as he walked over to me. 
 
“You’re a lot of trouble you know that?” he grinned and gave me a big bear hug. “Keep him straight.” 
 
“Yeah I’ll try.” I glanced back and saw that Alex was now standing right behind me, along with Abby and Jay. “You all be careful.” 
 
“Always am.” Jett gave us all another smile before he stepped into the van. 
 
“Hey you.” Abby stepped over; I hadn’t seen her since she arrived. We hugged like long lost sisters. 
 
“Hey? Is that all you can say to me?” I joked. She smiled but it was so forced…I knew that look on her face too well. She thought I was crazy. She wanted to smack me and hope to knock some sense into me. But she wouldn’t. No, Abby would just smile and nod to keep the peace. I envied how she could do that with everyone. 
 
“I know, I know.” She smiled down at her ring. “We’re planning on having a ceremony too, my parents were furious.” She sighed. 
 
“So, Daddy is paying for the wedding.” Jay added in as he put his arm around her. They were so happy. Why did I always have to end up with all the confusion? 
 
“Well. Keep me informed because I want to be there. Hopefully I will.” I peered over at Alex.
 
“We will.” He said as he picked up our bags. I was having a hard time believing him but at least he seemed hopeful. 
 
“I’ll text when and if it’s safe to.” I said, wishing I could load the two of them up with me, but I knew that wouldn’t be safe. They’ve already sacrificed enough for me. 
 
“So, what are you all driving?” Jay asked me as I looked over at Alex. 
 
“I don’t know.” I shrugged, completely forgetting that we were going to need a getaway car. Just then Jay held up the keys to the Firebird and dropped them in my hand. 
 
“It’s half yours remember?” He replied to my stunned expression. 
 
“No, Jay I can’t, there’s no telling what shape it’ll end up in.” 
 
“Then you can buy me a new one.” He laughed. “Either way, you’re going to have to return a car to me, therefore, you will be returning also. Call it an insurance policy.” 
 
I nodded and held onto the keys as if they were made of precious metal. “I’ll guard her with my life.” I said, giving my best friend a goodbye hug. My heart felt like it was going to burst. 
 
The valet brought the Firebird around and I turned to look at my friends one last time as Alex said his goodbyes and we got into the car. Thorn took his place in the back seat as if he’d been with the two of us all along. 

I decided to let Alex drive for now, he knew more about the direction we were heading in. He looked at me once the engine started up.  With that beautiful face and smile that I fell in love with. He seemed to be in a better mood this morning, but I knew he wasn’t even close to being back to his old self again. 
“Are you sure about this?” 
“Of course, I am.” I told him. But was I really sure about anything at that point? I could tell he wasn’t buying my attempt at being positive. “I mean, I’m sure that I want to be with you, as far as everything else goes…we’ll take it one day at a time.” 
“Once we leave here, there’s no turning back. I need you to be sure about this.” 
“I am.” 
He still wasn’t buying it, not completely. But he also knew I wasn’t going anywhere. 
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you.” he managed to smile which gave me hope that maybe we could work things out, eventually. 
I had no idea at that point what I had agreed to get myself into, the trials we were about the face, the heartache and confusion that lay ahead. But aside from all of that---there was going to be an abundance of happiness, A lot of catching up, and so many things that I wouldn’t want to miss out on no matter what sacrifices I had to endure to get me to that point. 
I was getting close to facing the biggest challenge I had ever known. And it was going to bring me more happiness than I could have ever imagined. 
 
…And surprisingly, none of it has to do with the money my Dad left me.










The Phoenix Academy Series will continue with Book Three: The Edge of the Earth
Coming Soon.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

