  

THE TRAITORESS – HER LOVERS SISTER

A 17th century love affair torn apart by accusations in a dead woman's journal. 
By
Graham Anthony Owen

 V2 Published in 2019 by the author


The right of Graham Anthony Owen to be identified as
the author of this work has been asserted by him in
accordance with the
Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, 1988.


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be
reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical ,
photocopying, recording or otherwise without the prior
permission of the copyright holder.


Copyright © 2019 Graham Anthony Owen
All rights reserved.

Edition 1


ISBN –  9781978470859 

Other work by this author -
'The Traitoress'
'The Traitoress – Her French Cousin








TO CATH



AND MY THANKS TO LIONEL HIERSO AND STEWART GILL OWEN




 




















THE HANOVER FAMILY TREE











THE SUTTON FAMILY TREE























END OF BOOK 2 – JUNE 1647 – ESSEX

























THE STORY SO FAR
1641 – 1645
“THE TRAITORESS” 

                                                                      

In December 1641 Rachel Hanover and her sister Maria witnessed the execution of their father on a charge of High Treason. The day before Rachel had argued with her French cousin Christina Norfolk who had also come to London to offer her support. During their argument we hear about a fight which took place years before in France when Rachel was living with Christina and Rachel encouraged Christina's husband Sir Henry to bed her and so destroy Christina's marriage.

Following the execution in London of her father Rachel swore to gain revenge on King Charles and her protestations were overheard by Captain Carlisle who decided to offer her his help in her quest and he offered it in the event of civil war breaking out in England which it did the following year.
  
Following her affair with Christina's husband Sir Henry which left Rachel and Christina hating each other, Rachel gave birth to Rebecca and Henry made his way back to his estate in Yorkshire where he took Eleanor York as his mistress.

Carlisle persuaded Rachel to kill a Royalist officer in Oxford which became her home after the execution of her father. Rachel had not wanted to know the identity of her victim and that would prove a disaster for her in later years since he was the father of James Sutton with whom she would strike up a relationship in an effort to gain his Royalist secrets and pass them on to Carlisle who would pass them on to Parliament and so satisfy Rachel's thirst for revenge. Carlisle was a Parliamentarian spy who was able to masquerade as a Royalist.

Carlisle had another secret – he was having an affair with the half-sister of Sarah Richmond who lived some distance from Oxford on the London road. Sarah should have been wed to James Sutton but with James' family supporting the king and her own family supporting Parliament the marriage did not take place and Sarah was moved to London for the sake of safety. 

Once free of Sarah James struck up a relationship with Rachel which grew each and every time he called at her house in Oxford. Sarah made a foolhardy journey to Oxfordshire when she had news of James and Rachel but she was thwarted in her attempt to reach him and whist living at James' house, she learnt that her father had been killed in battle. With Sarah no longer in London the relationship between James and Rachel began to worsen and so Rachel devised a plan to send Sarah back to London. Rachel had Sarah's father's will altered which resulted in Sarah having to return to London - and this ploy worked until Sarah's new husband was killed. 

Evidence was found in London by Sarah that implicated Rachel in the murder of James' father and a little before the battle of Naseby in June 1645 the evidence and a witness are brought before Rachel and she is arrested. Rachel is tried and found guilty of High Treason and sentenced to death. In the final minutes before her execution it is discovered that Rachel is the half-sister of Sarah. A few minutes are granted to the two women so that they can say farewell to each other as sisters rather than as enemies.
1645 - 1647
“THE TRAITORESS – HER FRENCH COUSIN” 


Before her death Rachel wrote letters to her family including her cousin and one-time enemy Christina Norfolk in France. Christina crossed the channel in a French sailing ship but was too late to reach the condemned Rachel. By way of retribution she decided that somebody must pay for Rachel's execution and after meeting Carlisle she decided that that person was Sarah Richmond.

Before venturing to Oxford where she lived in the same house as Rachel had once lived Christina called upon her sister Françoise and Carlisle in London. Carlisle promised to help her.

Together they devise a plan which would see them steal papers from the King's baggage train which he was known to carry with him at every battle. And Carlisle was of the opinion that the next battle would happen sooner rather than later. He was right and the next battle, and their opportunity to secure the King's documents, took place in June 1645 at Naseby It was there that Christina was arrested by the Royalists after handing the stolen documents to Carlisle.

Following Christina's disappearance Françoise went to Oxford where she hoped to learn something of her sister.  It was whilst she was living in Oxford that she came across a journal which had been written by her cousin Rachel – a journal which Christina had also found and read. During her stay in Oxford Françoise met and befriended Carlisle.

Christina was rescued when the Royalist stronghold of Basing House was besieged by Parliament. In London Carlisle met Eleanor York when she called upon him and interrupted his examination of the King's documents one of which she stole. Christina returned to Oxford and agreed a plan with Carlisle to use one of the documents to implicated Sarah Richmond as a traitor to the King by having Françoise hide the document in Sarah's house.

Carlisle and Françoise made their way towards Warrick House but a catastrophic event befell her on the journey and Françoise disappeared with the document. Some considerable time later she was set free from Corfe Castle when the Royalist stronghold fell to the forces of Parliament.

Eleanor York made it her mission to have Christina arrested by Parliament on the pretext that she was a French Catholic and it was known that the King had been planning to raise a French Catholic army to fight against Parliament. Carlisle hid Christina on his estate on the Essex coast ready to take her to safety across the channel and back to France. Françoise became a smuggler with the new love in her life – Jacob. 

Eleanor's assassins attacked Carlisle's house and killed Susanna mistaking her for Christina. Christina prepares to escape back to France but before she leaves England she is visited by an Oxford lawyer with a demand that Christina liberates Rebecca, daughter of Rachel, from a Paris convent. Carlisle would then take her to live with Sarah Richmond who is the half-sister of the girl's deceased mother Rachel.
1. THE ENGLISH CHANNEL
THE 22nd JUNE 1647 

A storm was approaching her ship from the east – she could see it with her own eyes and Captain Le Fere had told her it was coming yet she could not have known that it was a storm which would cause her great pain and put her very life in danger.

With the cacophony of pre-voyage noise all about her Christina Norfolk watched in fascination as the anchor was raised and sails unfurled high in the rigging. A strong swell, which had been increasing all day, began to lift and lower the ship quite alarmingly which was having a detrimental effect on Christina's' stomach and she could only suppose that the storm was going to get worse. Ignoring as best she could her unsteady legs Christina allowed herself to look out on the shrinking coastline which they were leaving behind – something that she had not done with the French coast on her reverse journey some two years before, and the reason for that was that she didn't have the same feeling, the same affinity, with France as she did with England.

Christina thought about the two years which she had spent in England and what exactly she had achieved. She had crossed the channel in 1645 to learn of the death of her cousin Rachel Hanover by execution and her attempt to achieve some revenge for her cousin's death. Her desire for vengeance had been driven mainly by her own hot-headiness and at the end of a painful experience she had achieved precisely nothing. The one good thing which had come out of her adventures were that she had fallen in love with her cousin's one-time lover James Sutton. She was now returning to France in an attempt to escape the clutches of her Parliamentarian enemies – Eleanor York and Christina's own estranged husband Sir Henry Norfolk. She could not possibly have known that going back to France would not secure her safety for her enemy's deeds had ensured that she would still be in danger once she set foot on French soil.

As she continued to observe the activities of her busy crew another thought – a more positive note - occurred to her. Whilst it was certainly true that she had failed to gain the revenge she so desired for a cousin who now lay in an almost unmarked grave in Oxfordshire perhaps Christina would not fail her after all? She was about to bring home Rachel's daughter from lonely obscurity and that, surely, would allow her dead cousin's soul to find some peace at long last without any vengeance for her death having been achieved.
 
She fixed her eyes on the coast of England as a myriad of emotions swept over her. In her mind it was true that she was now very likely safer from those who might have done her harm yet she was leaving James behind – the man whom she loved and the father of the child which grew inside her. And for company she had with her Carlisle – a man she could never love but she respected him none-the-less and valued the protection which he would give her, She was so preoccupied with her feelings that she failed to see Captain Le Fere approaching her.
	'My Lady?' He placed a hand on her shoulder which drew a startled gasp of breath from her. 'Come I have food and wine in my cabin.'
	'Not food!' She shook her head. 'I am as sick as when I came across these waters in the other direction some two years ago which you must remember well?.'
	'Wine then?' He smiled knowing she would not refuse. 'You cannot refuse - it is the very best that I have.'
	'I will take some wine with you,' she returned his smile with a nod, 'even if it makes me sick, and only on the condition that you continue to speak English. My French is even worse than it was two years ago when last we spent time together!'
	'One thing more?' He put out a hand to hold her back. 'Your man Carlisle seems melancholy, what is troubling him?'
	'Ah!' Christina pursed her lips. 'Trouble indeed. Some hours ago Susanna, the woman he loved, died.'
	'How did she die? Some illness?'
	'Not illness, no, She died of injuries sustained the night that Carlisle's house was attacked.'
	'Then I am surprised he is coming on this journey?' Le Fere rubbed his chin as he always did when in thought.
	'Susanna knew she was dying and she made him promise to come with me for my protection. And although he does not know it yet he will be a great asset to me in my quest to find and keep safe my cousin's daughter who has been abandoned in Paris'.
	'Your cousin's daughter?' Le Fere clearly had no idea of her plans for Rebecca.
	'Of course, you would not know, and Bridget Cowpepper has only recently told me. I will tell you and I will of course tell Carlisle but James, should you ever come across him again, must never know.' She set her eyes on the horizon as she prepared to tell him her secret.

A few moments later Le Fere understood what she had to do and he gave his promise to keep the matter secret from James if the need arose.
	'Carlisle is more than capable of helping me carry out my task, we will of course rely on my French language.'
	'It is a great responsibility that has been placed on your shoulders, and his too when you tell him.'
	'I know,' she nodded, 'but for my part I do not mind if it will bring comfort to the girl, and comfort to the soul of my dead cousin Rachel.'

Le Fere led her to the relative comfort of his cabin where he seated himself in a chair which gave him a good view of the growing storm from the windows at the stern of the ship. Some moments later Carlisle joined them and their conversation began with Christina telling the story of Rebecca to Carlisle, and of course what he and she must do.

	'I have decided to take the ship to the port of Dieppe rather than Calais.' Le Fere filled three silver goblets with wine as Christina finished her story and Carlisle began to absorb the enormity of what he had just been told..
	'I see.' Christina took a wine cup and offered it to her lips.' Dieppe or Calais, it matters not where we berth I suppose.'
	'It does matter.' He shook his head. 'Not only is it close to my home in the County of Longueur, it is also well placed for Paris where you tell me the girl Rebecca can be found?'
	'Agreed.' Carlisle decided to have his say, having already accepted what he and Christina must do. 'Paris for the girl and then Orleans. I see no point in us going to my lady's home in Orleans only to return to Paris a short while later. The journey between the two cities is only two days but I see no gain in doing it twice.'
	'No of course not.' Christina could only stare into her wine and in the crimson liquid all she could see was the face of James.
	'How long has the girl been in the convent?'
	'Perhaps two years. They...' she almost spat out the words, '….'put her there just after Eleanor's husband died.'
	'And how old is the girl?' Le Fere rubbed his chin in thought.
	'Eight.'
	'And she has been in her convent for two years where she would only speak French?'
	'I suppose so.' Christina stared at the floor as she understood the meaning of his words.
	'Then you and Carlisle make a formidable team – you with your French and our friend here with his soldier skills for your protection.' He smiled at his understanding of their situation.

Having abandoned Le Fere's cabin for some fresh air on the main deck Christina's eyes scanned the coast where she caught sight of another ship approaching them from the east – a much larger ship than their own and the object of Captain Le Fere's interest as he joined her at the port rail.
	'It appears that we have company.' He raised his eye glass and focused on the distant object.
	'Company?' Christina questioned him.
	'An English man-of-war and easily able to out-run us should I choose to make our escape.'
	'You talk in riddles, why should it choose to come after us?'
	'It may not, yet I have an uneasy feeling about it. All ships which were once part of your Royal Navy and under the command of your king have given their allegiances to your Parliament.'
	'But you have done no wrong. You are allowed to be in these waters.'
	'They may not think so. They may have been observing us for some time and are assisting your customs officers.'
	'There is another possibility.' Carlisle joined them.
	'Which is?' Christina stared at him as she held onto the rail to steady her legs as the swell of the sea grew in intensity.
	'You,' Carlisle gripped the rail next to him as another swell caught the ship. 'They may have information that leads them to believe that you are on this ship and Parliament have finally caught up with you.'
	'If they come much closer,' Le Fere added, 'they may well let off a warning shot for us to come about so that they can board us.'
	'And so they will find Christina?' Carlisle was genuinely concerned for her safety.
	'They may,' Le Fere rubbed his chin as he developed a plan in his mind. 'But I would hide her well. Alternatively we could make a run for it, the weather is in our favour.'
	'I do not see it.' Carlisle shook his head. 'But you are the sailor not I'
	'We have an easterly wind and already our sails are set for a tack against the approaching storm. The English ship is running west with the wind and so it will have to make a full turn and adjust to the opposite wind direction.' He stared once again into the rigging before setting his eyes on the weather which they were heading into. 'This weather will turn into a storm soon and we will be enveloped by waves and cloud if I am not mistaken. Come Christina,' he had his plan of action already worked out, 'Time for me to show you where you must hide if they do decide to board us and my plan to out-run them fails.'
	'And my friend?' She suddenly took comfort from the fact that Carlisle was close to her.
	'He will become one of my crew and will take to the rigging where his lack of the French language will not be noticed.'

Le Fere took her hand and led her to a ladder which she had not before been down. A moment later the two of them were on their knees staring into what Christina felt was no better than a prison, which Christina felt resembled an abyss. Resting painfully on her knees due to the cramped condition of the deck where she had been led, she stared into the darkness below. She held the back of her hand across her open mouth to stifle any sound of terror which might escape her lips. What Christina was looking into was the sea soaked bowls – the rat-infested bilges of her French ship which was supposed to be taking her to safety not condemning her to hide from her enemies under the boards of the ship's lowest deck. But to her it was an abyss.
		'It will be dark and uncomfortable and you will get wet and have rats for company.' Captain Le Fere warned as he knelt next to her. 'But you should be safe because they will not find you if they come aboard.'
		'If?' She threw him a sideways glance.
		'It is possible the ship will leave us alone.'
		'So I may not have to climb down there?'
		'You may not.' He threw her a glimmer of hope as the poor light inside the ship grew darker as the worst of the storm approached. With the first shout that the foreign ship appeared to be leaving them ringing in his ears Le Fere led her back to the decks above where her understanding of the French language was good enough to tell her that all might be well as far as her safety was concerned. One of the crew had seen the English ship disappear into the low western sky and so they would not be troubled by the threat of a boarding party. Whilst Christina was able to wipe from her mind all thoughts of hiding in the depths of the ship that horror was simply replaced by another – the storm.

Over the next hour Le Fere took his ship closer to the Kent coast which allowed the foreign ship to pass them to the north and close to the Essex coast - no doubt it was heading for London. It was now certain that the ship was not going to turn in their direction and therefore presented to more danger to them.
  
As expected the weather deteriorated as their ship made its way in an easterly direction away from the Thames estuary before heading south towards France. The night sky darkened long before the sun would have sunk over the horizon aft of his ship and the wind grew to an ominous growl as it brought heavy rain with it. The swell of the dark sea increased in intensity and began to rise as wave after large wave crashed against the bow of the ship. After what seemed like an eternity but was in fact only a few hours Le Fere turned his ship towards Dieppe. And although such a manoeuvre was necessary for them to reach their destination it did mean that the weather was now striking their ship on the port rail. The new heading for the ship caused her starboard side to drop alarmingly towards the sea which allowed the waves to sweep across the decks and rush into the cabins.

Christina had taken shelter in Le Fere's cabin even before the ship had altered course and there she remained - alone as her Captain's skills were required on the main deck so that he might keep his ship afloat. She took refuge in a cot and their she clung onto the sides of it and allowed her head to fall over the side of the furniture as her stomach heaved and deposited its contents onto the water flooded floor below. She wasn't sure if her sickness was a direct result of her pregnancy or sea sickness - or both. What she was certain of was that she had never felt quite so ill before in her life and she cared not what kind of a mess she had made of her gown or which contents of her stomach had washed around her mouth and face and red hair. Her condition was destined to last for some hours as the storm continued to increase in severity. At one point she rather stupidly tried to leave her bunk and make her way towards the cabin door and the invitation of fresh air albeit in the howling gale. As she stood unsteadily on her feet a wave which was larger than all those that had preceded it hit the port side and sent her crashing across the cabin floor until her head struck an upright and brought her uncontrolled slide to a halt. Christina felt a pain inside her womb and an equally sever pain on the side of her head. With the flow of blood from her wound streaking the side of her face she struggled to reach the safety of the cot once again which she finally accomplished after falling to her knees twice during her struggle. The cot and the soothing palm of her hand pressed against her wound gave some respite to her head injury but not to the damage which she felt she had inflicted on her unborn child. Her only consolation was that there was no bleeding from between her legs.

Christina knew that the ship was not in a healthy condition for she had heard Le Fere's voice to his crew on the deck above. The main topgallant yard and main topsail yards were in shreds and the mainsail was missing. None of these details meant anything to her but such damage made his decision to dock in Dieppe a good choice for repairs to his ship could take place there. As the ship neared its destination the land to the east of them had the welcome effect of taking away some of the severity of the storm and rather than try to heave too and remain in the channel Le Fere decided to use his navigation and sailing skills to take his ship directly into the safety of Dieppe which he did with great success. Christina could not know what events were taking place on the decks above her for she remained too ill to even think about moving from her cot a second time. What she was aware of was that over a period of time the effects of the storm were abating and she was never more glad of it.

The injuries which Christina had inflicted on herself would dictate the events of the next week or so by delaying their journey out of Dieppe and so putting herself in considerable danger. 

Once in Dieppe Christina, still in much pain, was able to clean herself up before Carlisle entered Le Fere's cabin and invited her to leave the ship with him which she was very pleased to do. Le Fere and Carlisle took Christina to an inn which Le Fere knew well, an inn which was close to where his ship was berthed and its rigging receiving attention from those who were skilled in such work. As far as Christina could see the inn was nameless but that might well have been a lack of concentration on her part due to her weak condition from her sea voyage. She was yet to recover from her exertions on the ship and she was concerned that even with her feet on dry land she was feeling no better than she had in Le Fere's cabin.

Over the next few days Christina's injuries began to heal and the pain in her womb subsided but not her feeling of sickness and the onset of a fever which she kept to herself. During this time Le Fere made regular visits to his ship to supervise the required repairs and it was during one of his visits that he noticed an English ship berthing close to his own. With keen eyes for detail Le Fere made up his mind that he knew the ship for he had seen it in both Bristol and London. His conclusion explained away the fact that he had heard English voices on both the quayside and further inland.

Seven days after their arrival in Dieppe Le Fere, Carlisle and Christina were taking a meal and a rather bitter wine on the ground floor of the inn where they were staying. It was the evening before Carlisle's and Christina's planned departure to Paris. Although Cristina had kept her illness and fever to herself outwardly her injuries appeared to have healed to such an extent that they felt it was no longer appropriate to remain in Dieppe – a fact which sat easily with Le Fere following his concern about the reasons for so many Englishmen being in the town and indeed in the very inn where Christina and Carlisle had been living. Le Fere was also concerned over the fact that two of his own men had overheard a conversation about the whereabouts of Christina Norfolk, a fact which he chose to keep to himself rather than put fear in the mind of Christina.

The events of the next half minute or so happened so quickly and followed an attempt by Carlisle to pay for their fare by placing money on their table for a serving wench to pick up. The young girl fumbled with the coins and could not help but let a number of the coins fall through her grubby fingers to the dirty floor. With so many untrustworthy people in the inn eyeing the fallen coins the girl hastily bent down to retrieve what was rightfully hers and as she did so a stranger called out in Christina's direction.
	'Lady Norfolk?' The stranger growled in English and watched her react to his calling by turning to face him. It was all the justification that the man needed as he aimed his pistol at her open mouth. As his finger closed on the trigger the serving girl, oblivious to what was about to take place behind her, climbed back to her feet having retrieved what money was rightfully hers. As she did so her shoulder knocked the pistol as it was fired. Christina slumped over her table as Carlisle leaped to his feet and watched Le Fere enter the inn. Le Fere's fleeting action was to run a knife across the throat of the man who stood between he and Christina. Carlisle took charge of the injured Christina whilst his Captain took charge of her assailant who was now dead with a great deal of his blood washing across the stone floor. Out of sight of both Carlisle and the almost unconscious Christina Le Fere searched her assailant's coat and appeared to find an explanation for the man's attempt to kill Christina. He found a document which he quickly read before placing it in his own pocket, Some moments later and with the body of the unknown Englishman having been removed from the inn Le Fere watched Christina struggling to remain conscious. She had taken the shot in her shoulder but not so deep that the musket ball had remained there for quite clearly it had entered her shoulder at such a shallow angle that it had left her shoulder on the other side.
	'How bad is it?' Le Fere threw himself on the bench so that Christina was slumped between himself and Carlisle.
	'Not so bad.' Carlisle had slid his hand above her right breast and into the shoulder of her gown where his fingers rested on her wound. 'A flesh wound only.' His hand stemmed the flow of blood whilst Le Fere's eyes fixed on the nakedness above her right breast before he took charge of the situation. The time for her modesty was gone as his hands tore at her gown around her shoulder and brushed Carlisle's hand away from the wound. He called out to the startled serving girl to bring water and dressings – preferably clean ones!. 
	'I agree,' Le Fere nodded as his own fingers found her wound. 'Much blood but a flesh wound nevertheless.'

A painful few minutes later Christina had stopped bleeding and her modesty protected once again with her gown back over her injured shoulder. It was now that Le Fere, satisfied at his dressing of her wound, made up his mind that it was time for their plans to be brought forward. Before he went into detail about what they must do to protect Christina's life he threw in an explanation about her attempted murder. As an aid to his story he handed Carlisle the document which he had earlier slipped into his own pocket.
	'I found this in the man's coat. I think you call it a pamphlet?'
	Carlisle read the document – he read it first to himself which caused him to nod an acceptance of its contents as a reason for the stranger's action, and then he read it aloud so that Christina could hear the explanation for herself.

A Reward
FOR THE
DEATH
OR
ARREST
of an 
ENEMY OF PARLIAMENT AND THE ARMIE OF PARLIAMENT 

Lady Christina Norfolk is understood to be about to flee England and land in a French Port so that she can escape from punishment for being involved in a Catholic French plot to send aid to our hated and beleaguered King Charles
Printed in LONDON in 1647

Significantly, in Le Fere's mind the pamphlet was not written in French so the document's intended market was rather limited to only those who had the means and resolve to sail from England to France and wait there in the hope that Christina Norfolk would arrive in their port.
	'I am not certain that you will be safe in Orleans.' Le Fere announced noticing as he did so a distinct vagueness in Christina's eyes.
	'Can you be certain of that?' Carlisle gave his own reply for he too had noticed that Christina was clearly sick and would offer him no reply herself.
	'Not certain. No.' He ran the palm of his hand around his beard. 'Your task of course is to go to Paris and collect the girl, and quite obviously you must do that but as for you continuing your journey to Orleans? I am not so sure it it such a good idea.'
	'Why?' Carlisle continued to answer for Christina.
	'This pamphlet,' he spread it on the table, 'was printed in English in London and intended for Englishmen only, I suspect it has been paid for by someone who knows much about you.'
	'Eleanor?' Christina was able to struggle with a question of her own.
	'Or your husband?' Carlisle added.
	'Either.' Le Fere nodded. 'But it may be someone who is not yet known to us. Whoever it is we can be assured that they know of Christina's home being in Orleans 'There is an English ship berthed close to mine, the ship might be there in all innocence but then again it may not be in which case there will be others in the city who intend Christina harm.' 
	'So what do you suggest?' Carlisle was right to suspect that Le Fere had already made up his mind what to do.
	'Is there anyone you could stay with in Paris until we are certain that it is safe for you to continue your journey to Orleans or not as the case maybe?' He stared at Christina knowing that only she could answer it. 'You must answer?' He shook her back into semi-consciousness and she set her eyes on him.
	'I have a friend there.' She at last found her voice and winced as the pain in her shoulder reminded her that she was badly wounded. 'A good friend who will take me in for as long as I feel the need, she is someone I became acquainted with after Harry left me so he will not known of her.'
	'Then we are agreed,' Le Fere smiled, ' You shall go to Paris, collect the girl and then hide away at your friends house. You will of course tell me where that house is so that I might call upon you when it is safe for you to leave Paris.'

Christina fell back into unconsciousness as her illness took hold of her again. Her illness was so severe that she was moved to her room where some time later Le Fere sent a woman to her who knew much about ailments and childbirth. The woman who spoke only French tended to Christina for a number of days during which the Christina fell in and out of consciousness. The woman who clearly had Christina's health uppermost in her mind was not sure if it was the wound to her shoulder or her experience on the ship during the storm which had brought on the fever. She was, however, convinced that Christina's baby was quite safe and not injured in any way and not the cause of her present illness.

Some days later Christina recovered sufficiently to be reminded of their conversation in the inn and their plans to take refuge in Paris. She was keen to make a start on their journey and so the time for Rachel's daughter Rebecca to be liberated from her convent and brought home was fast approaching no matter how much danger Christina was in.































 2, A DIFFICULT JOURNEY
JUNE 1647 ESSEX ENGLAND

The heavy seas between England and France were not alone in having to endure the onslaught of a summer storm. The dark skies and resistant rain spread their terror and damage across the the shores of France and England. At about the same time as Christina was weathering the storm at sea Françoise sat down in Jacob's library with him and James trying their very best to ignore the awful weather that was beating against the window panes and doors. And so with the sound of the storm as their background James began an explanation of what he felt was their next move which could not be delayed further. 'For now, and as far as we know, Christina is safe.' He glanced at the rain outside. 'The rest of us have work to do and it cannot wait.' He watched Françoise's eyes fix on him as her mind ran through all the possibilities of what he was about to say. 'Our dear Susanna has been dead for some time and it would be Sarah's wish, I am sure, that she is buried in Warrick churchyard. We can delay our journey no longer, what we must do we must accomplish tomorrow and the next.'
		'And there is the matter of your safety?' Jacob added as he took Françoise's hand in his.
		'My safety?' she stared at him.
		'You were plainly seen by our enemies shooting Eleanor and as such you are a wanted woman.'
		'Shooting her – yes, but that does not mean she is dead?'
		'It matters not, and in a way that makes it worse because, given that she is alive, I am convinced that she will pursue you instead of Christina. Clearly she has paid assassins who have now become your enemies.'
		'So what do I do?' She gripped Jacob's hand which encouraged him to continue.
		'James has offered to take you to his home where you will have sanctuary until we feel that the time is right for you to come back here.'
		'Or I could go to London?'
		'Too close to Eleanor for comfort.' James warned her.
		'But in London,' she persisted with her alternative idea, 'I could ask for the assistance from my brother Robert and have the document to which Eleanor attaches so much importance disposed of by Parliament?'
		'That will not be required.' James fixed his eyes on her young face. 'We know that Colonel Sir George Mortimer had already promised to do that last winter and knowing how thorough the man is I am sure that he has completed his task. The document is lost in the depths of Parliament's archived.' 
		'But I do not want to leave you.' She fixed her eyes on Jacob's face and squeezed his hand. 'This is my home now.' Tears began to form in her eyes as she felt her London argument slipping away.
		'And it will be your home again but not yet.' He reassured her.
		'Marian must accompany us.' James added.
		'Why?' A look of annoyance swept across her face.
		'She is your maid and I have no need for her here. Besides she will be company for you.'
		'I do not need her company.' She let go of Jacob's hand and then realised that perhaps it would be good to have Marian close by her rather than alone with Jacob for she had never trusted her with him. Marian was clearly a captivating woman and Françoise knew Jacob well enough if he found himself alone with her. 'Very well.' She gave up her side of the argument. 'Perhaps Colchester then? I could live with my mother's sister there?'
		'No.' James would hear no more argument on the matter. 'You will have Marian with you and she cannot venture anywhere north of here for the same reason than she came to live with us in the first place.'
		'Ah yes, because she is a witch. I had completely forgotten.'
		'You know that is not true.' Jacob watched her carefully and he knew that her vindictiveness against Marian was not called for.
		'Perhaps.' Françoise conceded as she was torn between keeping Marian with her and therefore out of Jacob's reach or leaving the girl alone in Jacob's house. 'Perhaps that was a little ungracious of me.'
		'One thing more,' James abandoned the subject of Marian, 'we will be taking Bridget with us.'
		'Of course, I had completely forgotten that she has yet to go home.'
		'She has risked danger by coming here to give away her secrets to your sister and Carlisle, stories that were withheld from me, Bridget made it quite clear to me that whatever she and Christina, and Carlisle spoke of was not for my ears.'
		'And kept from my ears also.' Françoise stared into space as she wondered what was said on board Le Fere's ship.
		'Well you may know more on our journey or at my place before Bridget leaves us for the rest of her journey to Oxford and her father.' James watched for any reaction.
		'How so?' Was all that Françoise could find to say.
		'She has already told me that she would speak with you before she leaves here for home. She does not know that the two of you will now be travelling companions for the next two or three days.' James finished his explanation. 'And now we have much to do before we leave here on the morrow.' He climbed to his feet and remembered one thing more that he had to say to her. 'It will please me that you will be with me for you could lift a great burden from my shoulders if I could ask such a thing of you?'
		'Then ask.' she cocked her head to one side as she climbed to her feet.
		'We will take Susanna to my house rather than Sarah's and so I will need you to keep Marian and Bridget occupied at my place whilst I am left alone to tell Sarah about the fate of her sister?'
		'Oh, I had rather imagined that we were going straight to Warrick House with Susanna?'
		'I do not want Sarah to guess the nature of the cargo we have with us before I have spoken to her.'
		'I see.' Françoise set her eyes on his face and wondered if James only wanted to go to Sarah on his own because of his feelings for her and if that was the case then what were his true feelings for Christina? 'I will do as you ask and remain at your house, of course I will, I do however set my own condition for my doing that?'
		'Go on?'
		'You continue to love my sister despite what you might feel for Sarah?'
		'You cannot doubt my love for Christina.'
		'Oh I can,' she nodded. 'You may imagine that it is possible to love two people at the same time but I assure you it is not .'
		'Then we are agreed.' He finished without committing himself to any such promise and as his words fell from his lips he wondered just how much she did know of his love for Sarah.
----
That night, after the rest of Jacob's household had retired to their chambers, Bridget composed a letter to Carlisle and Christina which she explained she would leave at Jacobs house for their return to England when either or both of them set foot on Essex soil with Rebecca. Bridget concluded her business by sealing the document with her father's seal in the unlikely event of anyone else opening the letter.
---- 
The following morning Françoise, Marian and Bridget, in the very capable care of James and two of Jacob's reliable men, set off for Oxfordshire, a journey which they planned to complete by giving a very wide berth to the plague-ridden city of London. James, even with two of Jacob's men with him, was very uneasy about what might lie ahead on the road to Oxford. Although the country had been more or less at peace since the Battle of Naseby, it was an uneasy peace and fighting was likely to break out at any time in or close to London. Much of the population of England were becoming hostile to the teachings and doctrines of the Presbyterians and many of them were now changing their allegiances to the King who was in any case not in a position to act upon their change of loyalties.

In Essex the storm of the day before had gone and the morning broke with a blue sky and the promise of a warm or even hot June day to accompany the travellers on their long journey to Oxfordshire. James led the party and close by him was Marian who wore her long hair loose over her shoulders. Behind were Bridget and Françoise and behind them an open wagon bearing the sad remains of Susanna.
		'Your servant Marian seems to have made it her mission to ride with James and appears to be full of conversation and laughter?' Bridget told Françoise what must have been obvious for all to see.
		'I know,' Françoise allowed a look of dissatisfaction to wash across her face. 'It is the way she is and has been since the day she came to us.'
		'Well she certainly acts above her position in life, she is, after all, just a servant yet speaks to James as if she is a lady which she never will be.'
		'You need not remind me or point out the fact for she has already behaved in a similar fashion with Carlisle and with Jacob.'
		'You are so right,' Bridget held onto her reins as her horse stumbled over a rut in the ground. 'I have seen a little of what you talk of already in my short time with you. She needs to be put in her place.'
		'Well James seems to have taken to her so I can do nothing to correct her behaviour on this journey.'
		'The problem of course is yours and I do not envy you having to tell her that what she does is not acceptable. Having said that, however, her actions very much suits my purpose.'
		'How so?' Françoise cast a sideways glance at her riding companion.
		'Because I need to speak to you on a sensitive matter which does not concern her Ladyship Marian and should not be heard by James.'
		'Go on?' She continued to look sideways at Bridget.
 		'There is something that must be done when we are done with this journey?'
		'Telling Sarah about the death of Susanna?'
		'Well that of course......'
		'…..James has already agreed to go to Sarah alone and tell her himself - he feels better able to do it than anyone else.'
		'Does he?' There was a hint of vindictiveness in Bridget's voice which was not at all like her.
		'James is close to Sarah and so he feels that only he can injure her with news of her dead sister. There is such a bond between Sarah and James'.
		'I have no doubt of that.' Bridget continued her vindictiveness and nodded as she prepared to reveal the secret of Rebecca. 'I was not thinking of that matter though, there is another task which must be accomplished.'
		'Which is?'
		'Firstly I must tell you a great secret – a secret which at all costs must be kept from James.'
		'Why?'
		'You will understand in a moment.'

Bridget spent the next few minutes telling the story of Rebecca, what must be done with her, and why James must never know that the girl is Rachel's daughter. When the tale was revealed in every detail Françoise clearly understood why James must not know and why it was necessary for both he and Marian to be out of earshot.

		'I see.' Was all that Françoise could find to say as she struggled to accept Bridget's tale. 'And no doubt you will expect me to tell Sarah?' She fixed her eyes on the blue of Bridget's own.
		'Well,' Bridget shook her head, 'I fail to see who else can?'
		'You?' Françoise asked, more out of hope than expectation.
		'No. Not I, I mean I will if you refuse, of course I will for Sarah must be told, my father insisted upon it. But it would be so much better coming from you.'
		'Yes I do see that and so I will not refuse.' Françoise accepted Bridget's request.
		'And of course you must explain why Sarah must never tell James about the girl's real identity.' She watched Françoise' face for any sign of hesitation or doubt. 'I am quite certain that you understand that?'
		'Of course.' Françoise nodded.
		'And so we must gather our thoughts and agree what we must tell Sarah. As I understand it,' she then corrected herself, 'or rather as my father understands it, Rebecca was given the name York when Eleanor abandoned her and handed left her in the Paris convent some years later.'
		'Not the name Norfolk?' Françoise asked.
		'Unlikely.' Bridget shook her head. 'York is a good name for her since it was Eleanor's name before she started to call herself Norfolk.'
		'Go on?' Françoise accepted her explanation.
		'We must hope that Rebecca already knows that her name is York.' She watched Françoise nod an acceptance of the fact. 'What the girl must never know is that she was ever called Norfolk. That name must never be used in her presence.'
		'Why?'
		'Because she may, when she is older, go in search of the reason why she may at one time have held the name Norfolk and that would lead her to Sir Henry and his relationship with Rachel.'
		'And that must never happen, for James' sake.'
		'Agreed.' Bridget nodded a smile.
		'If it comes to it,' Françoise continued their conversation, 'and Rebecca does ask questions about her mother we must say that she was abandoned in Paris by an English woman and found by another English woman the name of whom we do not know and we have no idea why she was given the name of York.' She watched Bridget guide her horse around another deep rut in the track as a wild bird fled in panic across their path and into the undergrowth at the side of the road.
		Bridget felt the need to finish their planning with a warning. 'All this lying and intrigue, which of course is absolutely necessary, is assuming that Carlisle and Christina have not already mentioned the names of either Hanover or Norfolk to Rebecca. And so Sarah must be made to understand that she must check these details with Françoise or Carlisle when they arrive at Warrick House.'
		'As always you have thought of everything!' Françoise gave Bridget a smile.
		'Not quite everything.' Bridget smiled back. 'We must have an explanation as to why Rebecca has been liberated from the safety of her convent and put in the care of Sarah Richmond. At this moment in time I have no answer to that.'
		'Perhaps we could use Christina as a solution and explain that during one of her many visits to Paris she heard about the plight of the girl and so decided that she would find a life for her here in England?'
		'It is certainly an idea.' Bridget nodded.
		'And with Christina in difficulties herself she would be unable to provide that safe English home herself. And as for me well my lifestyle in Essex does not lend itself to providing a home for an orphan girl.'
		'And so the two of you decided on Sarah Richmond? But why her? I only seek clarification should Rebecca ever ask that question of us?'
		'Sarah is thought well of by her friends and neighbours, she is financially secure and your father Master Cowpepper would have known that. Sarah is, or was, a good friend of mine though I doubt that I can say the same for Sarah's relationship with Christina.'
		'An excellent solution, and what could be better than a recommendation from my own father!' Bridget smiled at this new solution.
		'Quite so. That is all agreed then.' Françoise ended their conversation and the two of them settled down to endure the rest of the ride in the heat of the day. And all the time they watched Marian continuing to laugh and smile at James.

It did not take long for Françoise to sort out matters in her head. She had agreed with Bridget what must be said to Sarah about the girl and Sarah's alternative story about Rebecca would only be re-told by her if James asked some awkward questions about the adopted girl. 
 
Two days later, including nights spent in two different inns, one of which was “The Traitor's Rest”, the small party arrived outside Warrick House. James was happy to introduce his travelling companions to his mother who assured him that she would take good care of them. Once the women were introduced to their chambers by Lady Mary James' attention reverted to the task ahead of him at Warrick House. He was keen to resolve the issue of Susanna  because time was against him. Susanna had been in her coffin for a number of days and the heat of the summer would have done her remains no good whatsoever. With the heat and the dirt from the roads washing over them all three women were glad that they had brought a change of clothing with them. As they climbed down from their horses Marian took it upon herself to give her opinion about the need for Susanna to be laid to rest as soon as possible. Her views attracted a vicious response from Françoise who told her that her unwelcome view on the subject should not be any of her concern and since Marian had raised the subject Françoise elaborated her attack on her by advising her to by telling her in no uncertain terms that it was none of her business and she should remember her position in life and not attempt to rise above it.
-----
Having made sure that his guests were comfortable James' attention once again reverted to what he must tell Sarah yet he was not immediately able to make his way to her house because he was of necessity delayed by talking to John Swift about how the estate had been faring during his absence. It was later in the day before James made his way to Warrick house and he did so on foot rather than by horse for he felt he needed the walking time to consider how he was going to give Sarah his awful news about her sister. Some moments later James arrived at the door of Warrick House which he found to be open which was no doubt due to the heat of the day.
		'My Dear James!' Sarah smiled at his approach when the two of them met in her entrance hall. 'It has been too long since last I saw you.' She placed her lips full on his as if they were lovers or husband and wife - no doubt the fact that she was carrying his child had some influence over the way she greeted him. James did not shy away from the passion and the warmth of her lips but finally they had to finish the kiss.
		'Well what a reception!' he announced as he removed his belt and sword and placed them on a table by the door.
		'I felt the need for it and the need for you,' she was not careful about the choice of her words, 'besides, given my condition I feel I have some call on you.'
		'Your condition?' James quizzed her, relieved in some small way that he hadn't had to begin the conversation by announcing that her sister was dead.
		'I am with child – your child.' She took his hand and placed it on her belly. 'And there is no question about it for there is no other man in my life.'
		'When is it due?'
		'The end of the year perhaps, maybe sooner. You bedded me in March and I see you so seldom these days that it is not too hard to work out.' She took his hand which was still on her belly and led him into the Great Hall where James could see that there was wine already on the table. 'Come, take some wine with me, let us drink to our son or daughter.' She poured out two cups of the crimson liquid. 'And let us relax a while in the garden,' she led the way, 'it is far too hot in here.'

As they sat in the warm garden and the sounds of summer danced all around them James' mind was in turmoil. Sarah had just announced that she was with child – his child and Christina had done the same as she abandoned England for her exile in France.
		'You do not seem pleased with my news?' She questioned him as she tilted her head to one side and looked at him.
		'I am – of course I am.' He looked at her without a smile. 'The fact is that I have some grave news which I must pass on to you and spoil your day.'
		'So serious?' She teased him before realising that there was no humour in his voice.
		'Serious indeed.' James could delay no longer. 'Susanna is dead.' He watched her face as the tears began to form in her eyes and was rather intrigued that so many tears could form and still remain in her eyes without running down her face. 'I have dreaded giving you this news ever since I left Essex.'
		'Which is where she died?'
		'Yes.'
		'And still lies?'
		'No. She is at rest at my house ready for us to take her to the nearby churchyard. I thought you would want that.'
		'Yes,' Sarah thought about Warrick churchyard and the tomb of her other half-sister which of course James knew nothing about. 'That would be nice. I am grateful for you doing that.' The tears finally began to run down her face. 'How did she die? I mean I know she was not a well woman.....'
		'….it was no illness.' James interrupted her. 'She was shot during a raid on the house which for a while we called home. She was the victim but not the target.'
		'I see.' Was all that Sarah could find to say.
		'You want the details?' James felt he should offer to explain how she died in some detail.
		'I do.' She took his hand and held it for comfort before taking a much needed large gulp of wine.
		'Christina, not Susanna, was the target for those who attacked our house.'
		'Ah Christina, your lover, I rather imagined she might come up in conversation sooner rather than later.'
		James ignored her comment. 'There is a woman whose sole purpose in life is to have Christina arrested so that she can be put on trial for treason.'
		'Why should she want to do that?'
		'Because she is the mistress of Christina's husband.'
		'So confusing.' Sarah watched as she allowed her tears to fall from her face to the back of her hand which now rested on her lap but still in the comfort of James' grip. 'Tell me everything that has happened so that I can try and understand why my sister had to die in a part of England which was not familiar to her?'

And so James did as she asked which he felt at least gave her some little comfort to accepting Susanna's death. What he did not and could not mention was the fact that Christina who was in some large part responsible for Susanna's death was carrying his child and just waiting for an opportunity to return to England and to James
		'Well she certainly is at peace now.' James felt the need to grasp one of her hands. 'And you might be comforted to know that she died in the company of friends and the man she loved.'
		'Carlisle?' Sarah allowed another tear to run down her cheek – a new tear born out of the fact that James had told her of her love for Carlisle. 'Such a strange fellow,' she admitted, 'and a man whom I never really understood at all. Still he gave her comfort and for that we can be thankful.' 
----
Later that day when James returned from Warrick House Françoise accompanied him into the garden where they found seclusion.
		'Does Sarah know?' Françoise finally found the courage to ask him.
		'She does,' James nodded, 'and it was quite the most difficult task that I have had to carry out.'
		'Little wonder,' Françoise nodded. 'It is not often that one looses a sister.'
		'Quite so,' James found some solace in staring at the ground. 'And I was forced to give her the news after she had declared some happy news of her own.'
		'Oh?' Françoise silently asked him to elaborate.
		'Sarah is carrying my child.'
		'Oh?' Françoise repeated and this time it was intended as an admittance to the news being a surprise. 'Just like Christina's child?'
		'Just the same,' James stared at her and neither of the children will be my legitimated heir since both Sarah and Christina are my mistresses.' 
		'Not a happy situation?' Françoise admitted. 'Still both children are fortunate in as much as they will want for nothing?'
		'Dear Françoise,' James stared into her eyes. 'You always manage to find some good out of adversity?'
		'I try,' she smiled. 'And such an attitude has served me well enough these past years.'
		'Well I cannot argue with that.' He finished.
		'And now I too must go to Sarah and carry out a task of my own.'
		'Which is?' James looked at her.
		'To greet her and to wish her well of course.' She suddenly remembered that her news for Sarah about Rebecca was not known to him and could never be – at least for the foreseeable future. She was so glad that she had stopped herself telling James what he must not know. 'Does she know that Susanna's body is here?' She was rather glad to be able to change the subject.
		'Yes she does and that was the only part of my news to her that she was grateful for.'
		'Well I must go,' she made to go, 'for the day will soon be over and the evening upon us.'
		'Would you wait a while please?' James could have had no idea of the real reason for her wanting to go to see Sarah and so he thought that a delay would not be a problem.
		'Why?' 
		'Because I do need to take Susanna to the church and I rather think that Sarah will want to come with me.'
		'Of course.' Françoise began to chew her bottom lip in anticipation of a delay in her saying what she had to say to Sarah. 'Will you be long?'
		'I think not since there is little we can do today at the church. You seem rather eager to go to Warrick House?'
		'Not eager – no. I just want to make my visit before nightfall.'
		'Well I shall not take my time but the visit will of course be dictated by Sarah.'
----
Susanna was laid to rest in the church ready for her burial the next day. The body had not been left alone for long before Sarah entered the quietness of the building and looked at the face of her sister after the lid to what was an excuse for a coffin had been removed at her insistence. With much difficulty Sarah was able to rest her lips on Susanna's forehead and give her one last gentle kiss, and she was pleased to see that despite the long hot journey from Essex her sister was in a remarkable state of preservation.

Arrangements were made for her to be buried in a tomb as close as possible to that of her mother and as decency would dictate, far away from the tomb of Rachel Hanover despite the fact that  Rachel had never done Susanna any harm at all. With arrangements in place for her sister's final resting place Sarah returned to Warrick House and tried as best as she could to relax with a cup of wine in a comfortable chair in the Great Hall.

Having got the dreadful news about Susanna said James felt the need for fresh air by riding in the countryside, but he did not feel the need to ride alone and so with that in mind he asked for and received the company of Marian much to the surprise of Bridget and the annoyance of Françoise. There was nothing deceptive or sinister in his choice of riding companion for he didn't feel he knew Bridget well enough to ask her to accompany him herself and he had no intention of asking Françoise because she was about to make her way to see Sarah – the purpose of which he could not have known.


3.  A NEW LIFE FOR REBECCA
Later that day.

Françoise made her way to Warrick House and was so full of anxiety over what she had to tell Sarah about Rebecca and the new life which Sarah must provide for the girl that the journey was over quicker than she had anticipated. Shortly before arriving at Warrick House Françoise stopped and stared at the vastness of the place and as she did so she thought back to the last time she had been there and all the love and disasters which had swept over her since that time. She deliberately left her horse in the lushness of a green meadow some way from the house and continued the short journey on foot as she worked out how to make her announcement to Sarah, at least she hoped it would be accepted as happy.

		'My Dear Sarah?' Françoise kissed her on both cheeks as they stood in the doorway of her house.
		'Come,' Sarah smiled a welcome at Françoise, 'let us be comfortable in the garden.' She led the way through the house at such a pace that Françoise was able to take in the details of the interior of the house, and she was impressed with what she saw as Sarah handed her a cup of wine.
		'I am sorry I did not send word to you of my intended arrival.' Françoise called out to Sarah's back.
		'There was no need,' Sarah smiled over her shoulder, 'and besides today appears to be a day for meeting people who have been rather absent from my thoughts for some time now.'
 		'James?'
		'Yes James, and therein lies a sorry tale.' She did not elaborate on what she meant although Françoise knew well enough what she meant. 'You yourself are not wed?'
		'Not yet but who knows what may lie in the future.'
		'There is a man in your life?'
		'Jacob?' Her attention changed to the view of the gardens from the far end of the Great Hall.
		'And is he good for you?' She turned back to face Françoise.
		'Yes he is.' She did not mention that their union had developed out of their business of smuggling.
		'I take it you met him in Essex?'
		'I did.'
		'Where Susanna died?'
		'Yes,' Françoise swallowed, 'I am truly sorry for what happened to Susanna.'
		'Why was Susanna in Essex at all? I took it that she was only going to London?' Sarah had that quizzical look on her face.
		'She did go to London and then she went to Essex with James and Carlisle.' She watched the quizzical look remain on Sarah's face. 'What you do not know and must know is why she went to London and what she did there, and she did it for you.'
		'For me?' Sarah stared at her guest.
		'She went to see Lady Eleanor of York who was doing her best to have Christina arrested.'
		'Yes I know that, James told me.'
		'Did he tell you that Susanna helped Eleanor to find soldiers who could be paid to arrest Christina in Essex just so that James would be free of her and return to you?'
		'No he did not tell me that.' Sarah stopped and stared at Françoise.
		'Well she did and that is why she then went to Essex to see that Eleanor was successful but she lost her life instead.'
		'I see,' Sarah nodded.
		'And then those paid soldiers took me as their prisoner mistaking me for Christina and shot Susanna during their attack on the house where we were all staying.'
		'And what happened to you?'
		'I escaped.'
		'And Christina?'
		'She took flight back to France.'
		'Little wonder since it seems that all were against her! Susanna, Eleanor and Parliament.' The time had now arrived for her to give Sarah news about Rebecca. 'There is one thing more which is really the reason for my journey today.'
		'Oh?' Sarah took her eyes from the garden and fixed them on Françoises' face.
		'It was a secret but is not any longer except in the case of James who must never know. It concerns your half-sister Rachel '
		'You know about her relationship to me then?'
		'Yes, and I know a lot more.'
		'Ah yes, the great secret which James must never hear of?' Sarah sat on a stone bench and with an open palm encouraged Françoise to do the same.
		'Do not mock me Sarah I am doing this thing for the good of your niece!'
		'My niece? I have no niece.'
		'Yes you have' She paused for breath. 'Rachel had a daughter. Following her catastrophic affair with Christina's husband Rachel gave birth to a girl in France – Rebecca.'
		'And who, pray, told you that?' Sarah was beginning to find the revelation difficult to accept.
		'Susanna on her death bed, and Maria in turn told her, also on her death bed.' She watched a deep sadness wash over Sarah's face. 'You did know about Maria?'
		'About her death from the plague? Yes, it was Cowpepper who told me, and I thank God that he did for I cannot tolerate any more revelations today!'
		'You knew Maria well?'
		'Years ago yes, she offered her friendship when I was at a low point in my life and it was her who gave me the evidence to condemn Rachel.'
		'I see.' Françoise hoped that the subject was now over.
		'And who is it that has been bringing up the child?' Sarah swallowed some of her wine.
		'Eleanor.'
		'Eleanor!' Sarah was quite shocked at the revelation. 'How so?' 
		'However unlikely it might seem it is not actually as strange as you might think. Eleanor and her former husband lived in France and were acquainted with Harry who of course was the girl's farther. It was Harry's suggestion that they adopt the girl with the added advantage that she would be brought up in the English manner. They gave up Rebecca when they moved back to England.'
		'And where is this Rebecca now?'
		'After a number of years spent in a convent near Paris she is now, or will be soon, in the caring hands of Christina who wants her to come home to England and live with you.'
		'And that was Christina's choice?'
		'No, it was Susanna's choice and Master Cowpepper's choice which Christina gladly agreed to.'
		'I see.' She looked into Françoise's face and thought how beautiful she was – and so young. 'Perhaps I have condemned Christina too quickly and too harshly.'
		'Perhaps,' Françoise agreed, 'with Christina being my sister I would of course defend her every action.' 
		'And now I can understand why this so called secret must not find its way to James' attention. He would not accept a daughter of the woman who murdered his father.'
		'Quite so.' Françoise finished and was never more glad to be rid of a piece of news in her life.
		'I will of course welcome the girl with open arms.' She smiled at Françoise. 'She will be brought up as one of my own.'
		'That would be good,' Françoise returned the smile. 'But one thing more?'
		'Which is?'
		'You must never use the names Norfolk or Hanover in the girl's presence and certainly not when James asks you awkward questions as he most surely will. York is the only name that you can use until such times as you may choose to change it to Richmond?'
		'Please explain?'
		I will.' Françoise smiled and with that declaration she explained in full what she had agreed with Bridget including the fact that Sarah must agree their story with Françoise or Carlisle, or both, that Bridget's story did not conflict with anything that they had already told Rebecca/.

And after Sarah had accepted all that she had been told about Rebecca's family name she expressed her concern. 'But this is keeping the truth from her?'
		'Yes it is but it very much serves our purpose.' She hoped that she had ended the subject.
	 	'So my house is to be full with Rebecca joining Cathryn and myself and a third child in about half a year.'
		'Ah yes,' Françoise nodded with a smile across her face. 'James gave me the happy news earlier today. I take it the news pleased you?'
		'It did but I am not sure that it pleased James.' Sarah cocked her head to one side.
		'Well I am sure that it did.' Françoise could only stare at Sarah as she remembered how much in love with Christina James was.








	











4. PARIS, FRANCE
JULY 1647

Towards the end of June Christina and Carlisle arrived at the convent in Paris and after a few knocks on the door of the vast building an elderly woman dressed as a French nun opened a hatch in the door and stared at them
		Compères que je suis au bon endroit ? 'I hope I have come to the right place?' Christina spoke to the sombre face at the door. Nous sommes venu voir une fille qui d'après ce que l'on nous a dit est sous votre responsabilité et son nom est Rébecca. 'We have come to see a girl who we are told you have in your keeping and her name is Rebecca.'
		'Que lui voulez vous ? What do you want with her?' The nun asked without any malice or concern in her voice.
		Nous sommes venus la chercher pour la rendre à sa famille - à la sœur de sa mère en Angleterre. We have come to take her back to her family – to the sister of her mother in England.' She couldn't be bothered to explain in French that Sarah was actually a half-sister.
		'Qui êtes vous ? 'Who are you?'
		'Nous venons de la part de la femme qui l'a laissé ici sous votre responsabilité il y a deux ans. Cette femme s'appelle Eléanor, Lady Eléanor York elle était mariée à Sir Geoffrey York de Monmouth avant sa mort. We come from the woman who left her here in your safe keeping about two years ago. That woman is called Eleanor, Lady Eleanor York and she was married to Sir Geoffrey York of Monmouth before he died.'
		'Et vous seriez ? And you would be?'
		'Christina Hanover la demie cousine de la mère de Rébecca. Christina Hanover the half cousin of Rebecca's mother.'
		'Et ce monsieur serait ? And this would be?' She nodded in Carlisle's direction.
		'Le Capitaine Christopher Carlisle est venu m'accompagner pour me protéger tout au long de mon voyage jusqu'ici. Captain Christopher Carlisle who has come to protect me on my journey here..'

Getting custody of Rebecca had been far easier than Carlisle had expected and he was sure that the existence of Christina by his side had given a better impression to the people who were looking after Rebecca than if he had been alone. The other factor that was in his favour was the document written by Eleanor in England which gave the reader permission for them both to take Rebecca away from the convent and as Eleanor had been the last person to have offered her a home her words on the parchment were readily accepted as an encouragement to allow the girl to leave.

When Carlisle first set eyes on Rebecca in her convent just outside Paris he found her to be startlingly similar in looks to her mother Rachel. Rebecca was simply a smaller version of the woman who's restless soul was buried in Warrick churchyard. Christina, if asked, could not have agree or disagree with him because she had managed to block out from her mind all thoughts of Rachel after their disastrous fight in her house in Orleans which ended Christina's marriage to Harry so long ago. And in any case it was many years since Christina had last set eyes on her cousin, so there was no vision of Rachel in Christina's mind like there was in Carlisle's. His memory of her were stunning looks which had always captivated men who came into contact with her.
-----
A few days later Christina, Carlisle and Rebecca were settling in to life at their safe and temporary address in Paris and it had not taken long for Rebecca to only use English when she spoke to Carlisle - when talking to Christina however, she used a clever mixture of English and French which Christina didn't mind. 

		'When are we going to England?' Rebecca suddenly threw her grown up question at Christina in English as all three of them sat in the warmth of an early afternoon in their temporary Paris garden. They had all just consumed a very good meal provided for by a newly employed cook.
		'We are not sure yet.' Christina looked at Rebecca's beautiful young face.
		'Why can we not stay in France?' The child persisted with her questioning.
		'Because your home is to be in England and we are not destined to live here for longer than is necessary.'
		'Will I live with you?' She directed her question again in Christina's direction.
		'No, although you will see me often. You will live with the sister of the mother whom you have never seen. The name of your adoptive mother is Sarah – Sarah Richmond.' Christina felt that she had said enough about Rebecca's start in life and. although she could not know it, what she had told Rebecca was not dissimilar to the story that Bridget and Françoise had decided should be the truth.
		'Will I live in London?' Rebecca started to pick some tiny flowers.
		'No not London. There is much illness in London at the moment. Sarah lives in the country. You will like her and you will like where she lives.' Christina wondered if she had said enough for now.

Once Rebecca was in her bed asleep and the evening crept into its later hours, Carlisle asked a question which had been occupying his mind for some time.
		'Who is going to tell Sarah about the impending arrival of this child? Not you certainly.' He handed her a cup of wine which she seized upon with both hands.
		'No it cannot be me which begs the question of how long she remains in France with me where safety is not guaranteed for me and perhaps not for her.'
		'And England, we are agreed, is far worse for you but not for her.'
		'And so we have our solution?' She smiled at him over the rim of her wine cup. 'You must take her to England and then to Sarah as Cowpepper has asked.'
		'You want me to tell Sarah about her? I am not sure I am able.'
		'No you are not able, and I would not expect it of you. Can I suggest that you enlist the aid of Françoise who has a gentle way about her and from what I hear already has some rapport with Sarah.'

And so they were agreed. For some time Carlisle had been expecting to return to England and he knew it was likely that he would have to leave Christina behind. But he had not anticipated that she would ask him to take the girl with him. It did, however, make a great deal of sense and so did the suggestion that he enlist the capable services of Françoise. What he did not know and could never have known was that Françoise was already in Oxfordshire and preparing to tell Sarah about Rebecca after allowing a suitable time to pass after the burial of Susanna.
----
On the eleventh day of July 1647 the body of Susanna arrived at Warrick church and was expected by the clergy there who had been warned by Sarah to expect her. Sarah had already chosen a plot for her half-sister some distance away from the grave of Rachel. Her choice had not been made because she didn't want Susanna and Rachel to be close to each other, she wanted them to remain apart in the event of James visiting the churchyard. If he were to read the inscription on Rachel's tomb it would not take him long to make the connection to Sarah of a woman who was referred to as 'A SISTER' for nobody in the village - except for the occupants of Warrick House - would ever have been able to afford the cost of a tomb or tombstone, or gravestone.

Sarah had reservations at first with her choice of plot yet there was nothing she could do about it. The location, however, did at least have one advantage – it was close to the tomb of her own father brought from the battlefield where he died and who had always been a good father to Susanna. It was also quite close to the tomb of Sarah's husband Will. 

The congregation at Susanna's funeral consisted of Sarah, Françoise and James - but not his mother Mary who was now quite ill. Susanna's former husband Richard also turned up unexpectedly as did Ned who was there for his own personal reasons for saying goodbye to Susanna. The one person who was not there and would have had more cause to attend than anyone else was Carlisle who was of course detained in France. Last of all were a few of the longer serving servants from Warrick House including Nan.

		'I do trust that Carlisle will not make an entrance here?' Sarah stared sideways at Françoise.
		'No.' Françoise shook her head. 'Whilst I am quite certain that Susanna would have wanted him here he will not come.'
		'Where is he?' She whispered.
		'France, with Christina.'
		'Goodness me Christina must have more attraction in her than I imagined.'
		'It is not like that,' Françoise took Sarah's hand in her own and gave it a comforting squeeze, 'Christina is in danger and could not be left alone.'
		'I see.' Sarah gave in. 'Well perhaps that is a good thing for it would be very awkward if he did arrive here with Ned and Richard in the same church.'
		'Quite so.' Françoise ended the subject as the priest opened his prayer book. 

Once the short church service was over the small congregation moved to the empty grave which was waiting for its new occupant and it wasn't long before Susanna was lowered into the ground – at rest in a place near to her home.

		'What are your plans now?' Sarah whispered to Françoise who stood next to her in the mountain of black morning gowns around the grave. 'Will you return to Essex or stay a while here? With James or with me for you know you are welcome?'
		'To go home to Jacob with his armed escort of course.' She couldn't of course explain that there was smuggling long overdue. 'Jacob has his house to run and I must be there with him. You have James and Ned to keep you company.'
		'Some company!' Sarah smiled as she cast an eye in James' direction, 'James seems to have his head and his thoughts elsewhere.'
		'Well I will not argue with that,' Françoise equalled Sarah's smile with one of her own as she too cast her eyes in James' direction. 'I do however have one more task to perform before I go to Essex.'
		'Which is?' Sarah began to walk away from Susanna's grave and she urged Françoise to walk with her which she gladly did.
		'To get word to Christina's about bringing Rebecca back to England.' She looked all around her to make sure that she had not been overheard.
		'And how will you do that?'
		'I will speak to the Captain of her ship.'
		'I see?' Sarah looked suitably confused.

Françoise gave her a brief explanation of Christina's arrangements with her French ship and the fact that that same ship may well be in London docks now or soon. She knew very well that after the disaster at Carlisle's house Captain Le Fere had made up his mind to take a break from smuggling for a while and continue his legitimate trade with the East India company out of London. She could not, however, mention this to Sarah.

		'So you go to London, a place which is not safe for you?'
		'I must and I will have Jacob's trusted men with me for protection.'
		'So I can expect the child to come to me soon?' Sarah accepted her explanation for thinking she would be safe in London.
		'I think so yes. And certainly before the winter is upon us.'
		'And who will bring her? You?'
		'It may be me but it might be Carlisle.'
		'Will it indeed?' Sarah was not at all happy at such an unexpected guest arriving on her doorstep.
		'Be good to him Sarah.' Françoise gave her a friendly warning. 'He has aided us so much during these troubled times and do not forget that Susanna loved him, and I know that it would please her to know that you welcomed him into your house – her house.'
		'Perhaps you are right.' She nodded as a little vindictiveness got the better of her. 'And now he helps Christina?'
		'He does and I am glad of it. I know that you and her were never friends but she is my sister so I am please she has Carlisle by her side.'
		'You have mentioned the name Jacob, who is he?'
		'The new man in my life.'
		'And is he good for you?'
		'Yes he is.' She did not of course mention that their union had developed from their business of smuggling.
		'I take it you met him in Essex?'
		'I did.'
		'Well I am pleased for you. These days we rarely have any good news.'
	









 6 A NEW THREAT - LONDON ENGLAND
A few days later - JULY 1647

I t was the fourth of July 1647 when Françoise and her escort made their way through the heat of Thames Street in London towards the docks. Once there she found and entered the offices of the East India Company which she knew Carlisle often had dealings with. She was delighted to be told that her assumption that Le Marseilles had taken up it's legal trade with them rather than the clandestine trade which she had known so well. She was also delighted to hear that his ship was expected to berth in London the following day. That night would be spent in London at a place which she knew was safe for her away from Eleanor and her murdering team – Carlisle's house. Carlisle had agreed that should the need arise Françoise was welcome to use his house and with that in mind he had supplied her with a document to be given to his household telling them of his desire that she should make his house her own. If his household did not accept her story or the contents of Their Master's document they could not help but recognise his seal. 

Françoise and her companions had a day to wait for Le Fere's ship to arrive so despite Sarah warning her that London was a dangerous place for her Françoise made up her mind to spend her time well and go and confront Eleanor – if she were still alive. She did not consider that there was any danger in doing this for she was and never had been Eleanor's target for arrest or death and besides she had Jacob's men with her and in any case they would be on their way to Essex the following day.

It didn't take long for Françoise and her escort to reach the place where she knew Eleanor York was living. She found Westgate House just where Carlisle had once said it would be and she was not too surprised to find how large it was. It was her aim to confront Eleanor about her insatiable desire to see Christina arrested and almost certainly executed if she returned to England ever again. As Françoise hammered on the door of Westgate House and waited for some kind of response she thought back to the last time the two women had met under quite different circumstances and a time when Françoise had the life of Eleanor in her hands in the wilds of Essex and chose to spare her. It wasn't long before the door was opened by a servant of some considerable years and Françoise was shown into a large room which she could only assume was the great hall. She asked her companions to remain outside and ready to assist her should her need call for it.
		'Well?' a voice called out behind Françoise as she wandered around the room examining various items which she remembered belonged to Eleanor's lover Harry – Harry was after all Françoise'' brother-in-law as long as he remained wedded to Christina. 'So I am blessed with a visit from a woman who should and could have killed me in a filthy barn in Essex.'
		'Killing you would have been too easy and as I said at the time it would have brought me down to your level – a woman who is not satisfied until she has blood on her hands. In your case the blood of my sister Christina?' She took a cup of wine which Eleanor offered her.
		'And no doubt you are here today to try and persuade me to abandon my desire for justice.'
		'You might call it justice, but I call it a coincidence. Christina lives in France and is a Catholic, of that there is no debate, but the document which you are relying on to be used as evidence against her is missing and I think you know that?'
		'I do know,' she watched Françoise sip her wine, 'but it matters not since the contents of the King's papers stolen at Naseby have already been made public. And now it is my turn to suggest to you that you must know that?'
		'Oh?' was all that Françoise could find as a response for she did not know what the repercussions were for the documents being made public, her trade was smuggling not politics.

As Eleanor poured more of the crimson wine into both of their cups amid an air of unease between the two adversaries Françoise knew she had lost her fight to make it safe for Christina to come home. She didn't dislike Eleanor as a person which is why she didn't kill her when she could have done.

		'Let me be quite clear on this my dear Françoise, the only thing which will stop me seeking justice and having your sister arrested is the death of Harry for such an event would make the whole thing pointless. I need to wed Harry but cannot do so if he is dead.'
		'Yes I do see that,' Françoise nodded, 'so my sister must remain in France if she wants to avoid being arrested?'
		'Quite so,' Eleanor also nodded, 'but she may not be able to. She may be doomed wherever she lives.'
		'Explain yourself?' Françoise allowed the creases of confusion to wash across her forehead.
		'My former husband....'
		'…...Sir Geoffrey?' Françoise finished Eleanor's sentence.
		'Sir Geoffrey,' Eleanor agreed, 'fights for the King and I have it on good authority from him that the King has many supporters on the continent who have made it their duty to take revenge on anyone whom they consider is or has been an enemy to the King.'
		'But that is in direct conflict with your argument that Christina is an enemy of Parliament by being a French Catholic who may be involved is raising a Catholic army on the continent?'
		'It matters not.'
		'I do not understand?' Françoise drank the rest of her wine in the vain hope that it might give her some strength to understand all the confusion which Eleanor was throwing at her. 'She has done nothing to harm the King.'
		'Yes she has.' A smile of satisfaction washed across Eleanor's face. 'Your sister was party to the theft of the king's papers at Naseby, and that fact has reached the king's supporters in exile from Sir Geoffrey who witnessed Christina being taken to Corfe Castle as a prisoner.'
		'I see.' Françoise searched her mind as something of what Eleanor was saying stirred in her memory.
		'So your sister is condemned in France and in England. It just remains for her to decide which of the two fates she would rather face – murder in France by Continental Royalists or justice in England by facing a trial for treason.'

Françoise fixed her eyes on her empty wine cup as she tried to make sense of what Eleanor had told her. She was confused and knew little of what people were calling the second civil war. If she had been asked about the tides off the coast of Essex or the wind direction tomorrow she would have been able to answer with some authority, but understanding Eleanor was beyond her and she knew that she needed help. She made up her mind to excuse herself from Eleanor's difficult hospitality and seek further help.

Françoise' brother Robert also lived on Thames street which was convenient since she had urgent need of his advice. With confusion washing over her she had abandoned Eleanor's house – confusion because Eleanor had claimed that Christina was in danger from Royalists in exile as well as from Parliament. She didn't know if she should take Eleanor's word for it or not, after all Eleanor might have made the claim in a desperate attempt to scare Christina into leaving France for England believing the Parliamentarian threat to be the lesser of two evils. She found to her delight and surprise that Robert was at home which was unusual given that he was an army man and the New Model Army were busy with outbreaks of uprisings which she understood to be a repeat of the first civil war.

Having been handed a cup of wine and a brotherly greeting from him, Françoise tried to explain to Robert what Eleanor had claimed to be the case against their sister.
		'I simply do not know if any of her claims are true?' She admitted. 'She may well be wanting to cause panic in Christina's mind to force her to come back to England where she will be arrested.'
		'I rather suspect that Eleanor York is telling the truth.' Robert swallowed a rather large mouthful of ale. 'I will of course make some enquiries but I seem to recall hearing something about these Continental Royalists seeking what they chose to call justice, and this claim of Eleanor's that Christina was at Naseby and was implicated in the theft of the King's papers?' He watched Françoise nod an acceptance of his explanation. 'It was I who first set eyes on our sister when she was freed from Corfe Castle and I could only assume that the King's men put her there for some reason of great importance.'
		'What would you do? What would you advise Christina to do? Stay in France or come home?' She watched her brother rub his chin.
		'Give me a few days to make some enquiries.' He finally made up his mind. 'Do nothing until I get some answers.'
		'I do not have a few days, I must return to my home in Essex.' She knew that she could not mention her errand to Le Fere the following day without inviting awkward questions from him about Rebecca..

Some minutes later Françoise, having evaded the stare and the groping hands of the Parliamentarian soldiers which were crowding the streets of London, finally entered Carlisle's house ready for her long ride the following day to Essex after calling at the East India docks. Her meeting with Le Fere was fortuitous for she would be able to get news of her conversation with Eleanor and Robert to Carlisle which would allow him to decide what to do with Christina.

The following morning, as planned, Françoise returned to London Docks and found to her relief that Le Fere's ship was berthed where she had been told it would. After a few questions in French which Françoise was still able to speak and understand she found Captain Le Fere leaning on the port rail of his ship watching her being unloaded. Struggling unsteadily up the narrow gangplank she set her eyes on a man whom she had only ever seen from the beaches and a rowing boat off the Essex coast so it was no surprise to her when he did not recognise her.
		'My Lady?' he addressed her as he held out a helping hand to her as an aid to reaching his deck safely. 'It is not often that I welcome a woman to my ship.' He placed a gentle kiss on the back of her hand.
		'I am no stranger to you Sir.' She gave him a short bow rather than a curtsey. 'You do know me but only from afar. No doubt you would recognise me if I was wearing my male clothing as I often do during my smuggling duties with Jacob.' She was pleased to see a smile of understanding was across his face. 'Ah yes, Jacob's girl and one who is very adept at her smuggling work.'

Once aboard his ship and in his cabin Françoise took wine with Le Fere and began her story of Rebecca. Once her story had been told she watched him rub his unshaven chin as he considered a response to what she had told him.
		'So,' he began, 'it is your desire that I get word to Carlisle and Christina to tell them that the girl Rebecca is welcome at her new home whilst Christina remains in danger if she steps foot on English soil?'
		'Yes,' Françoise swallowed. 'Of course I understand that it will take some time to get word to them in Orleans.....'
		'…..they are not in Orleans.' He interrupted her.
		'Why not? Where are they?'
		'Paris, at a secret address where they are safe, and so convenient for picking up Rebecca. 'And of course that fact must remain a secret for there are others who would do her great harm were they to find out where she was.'
		'In danger in France?' It occurred to her that at least part of Eleanor's warning may have in fact been true. 'Yes I have been told by an enemy that she may be in danger in France.'
		'In fact such an attack has already taken place. 'And in response Le Fere told her the story of the attack on her in Dieppe. Françoise listened carefully to his story which ended with his showing her the pamphlet which they had found on her deceased assassin.

A Reward
FOR THE
DEATH
OR
ARREST
of an 
ENEMY OF PARLIAMENT AND THE ARMIE OF PARLIAMENT 

Lady Christina Norfolk is understood to be about to flee England and land in a French Port so that she can escape from punishment for being involved in a Catholic French plot to send aid to our hated and beleaguered King Charles
Printed in LONDON in 1647

		'I see.' Françoise knew very well who was probably responsible for such a document being printed. 'Eleanor?'
		'Or Christina's husband.' He nodded. 'And so you can see the need for secrecy in the matter of where they are living.'
		'I do.' She nodded.
		'And no doubt you are now going to ask me to get word to her in Paris about all you have told me.'
		'Perhaps.'
		'Perhaps?' He set his eyes on her and studied her face.
		'I know not what to do for the best and what you have just shown and told me about the attack on her has made her plight and her situation even more desperate that I imagined it to be.'
		'Well, if I may make so bold I would suggest you take advice from those who you can trust before asking further for my help.'
		'That I will do Sir.' She nodded as she studied the deck of his ship.
		'And then you must tell me what conclusion you have come to and I will give you all the assistance that you desire.'
		'In the meantime I have a business to run, albeit the business of running contraband, and so I cannot just abandon my responsibilities so that I may journey to Paris until I am certain that that is what you want of me.'
		'How long do I have?'
		'To decide on the fate of Christina?' He watched her  nod her head. 'You must take all the time you want for you know I will always be available within a matter of days.'
		'A matter of days?' she cocked her head to one side.
		'Well it was always my intention to resume my duties off the Essex coast, and you need to be reunited with Jacob and talk over the matter with him so shall we say we will meet again in one week's time.'
		'As always you have come up with a solution to our problems.' She smiled at him and brought their conversation to an end.
-----

In Oxfordshire Lady Mary Sutton took to her bed as her illness took a turn for the worse. In the days ahead, and despite the best attention of an Oxford physician, her health deteriorated and so James made up his mind to write to his sister Helen Seymour in Wales and prepare her for even more bad news and a long journey back to her birth home of Sutton Manor.
 






6. THE FRENCH ADVENTURE – ENGLAND & FRANCE
JULY 1647

Later that day Françoise arrived back at the home of her brother Robert to ask if he had any more news about Eleanor and Parliament's intentions when it came to Christina. The summer heat was as overpowering as ever and showed no sign of breaking and the confines of city life including a simple walk from the docks to Robert's house was uncomfortable and oppressive. After a short wait b y his door she found that Robert was at home which, he explained, was not so unusual as the army was now occupying London and he had his Parliamentary duties to attend to. It wasn't long before the matter of Christina's fate once again became their topic of conversation.
		'I have news earlier than I thought I would,' Robert began talking about Christina, 'as far as I can see Christina is not under any immediate threat from Parliament.'
		'Is she not?' Françoise could feel a smile creasing her face.
		'Wait.' Robert held up a hand as a warning. 'It is not all good news I am afraid.'
		'Go on?'
		'This French Catholic business has just about run its course and Parliament has lost its appetite for spending any more time on it. The inference that they are now putting on it is more akin to Irish Catholics rather than French and in any case now that the King is more or less confined to a secure house it is felt that there is evidence enough to use against him should Cromwell get his way and have him tried in court.'
		'And the Continental Royalist theory?' Françoise was eager to know more as a faint improvement in Christina's fate emerged.
		'It will not surprise you to know that I have been unable to find out much more on that subject save to say that I have heard of two supporters of Parliament who have been murdered in the Netherlands which rather lends weight to Eleanor York's theory that Christina may be in danger whilst she is in France.'
		'I see.' Was all that Françoise was able to say.
		'This man Carlisle whom you have told me about?' Robert explained. 'Who for want of a better title is guardian to Christina, must of course make up his own mind as he is already in France as to how serious this perceived threat to our sister is and then he must act on his own instincts.'
		'But Carlisle knows nothing of this threat as far as we know?' Jacob asked.
		'Then he must be told. Do you have a man whom you can trust to get word to him?'
		'We do.' Françoise answered for both of them as the face of Le Fere filled her mind.'
		'Then with all haste you must find this man and get word to Carlisle and I will look forward to seeing our sister in England once again.' He finished with a smile.
---- 
On the seventeenth of July Françoise was back in her beloved Essex with Jacob planning a resumption of smuggling. This time, however, there was a special purpose to their imminent smuggling for it would give her an opportunity to discus her problem one again with Le Fere and ensure that she still had his support to aid the return of Christina, Rebecca and Carlisle from their confinement in Paris.

Under a new moon and just after dark which Françoise worked out to be about two hours before midnight, the white sails of Le Marseilles came into view on the horizon of a very black sea. Given that there was very little wind that night Françoise knew it would be some time before the contraband arrived on the shore so she took her time, as she always did, to reconnoitre the beach and the sand dunes for any sign of revenue men. After almost one hour of searching she was quite satisfied that she and her men were quite alone and with that in mind she rode back to Jacob and passed on the good news.
		'Are you quite certain you want to go through with this?' He asked her with a sideways glance as his horse nestled alongside hers.
		'I have no choice,' she nodded, 'for my sister's sake I have no choice.'
		'Then for both our sakes you must stick to the plan we agreed upon earlier tonight.'
		'I will.' She nodded. 'I will not leave his ship until I see your signal. If I do not see your signal I will know that you have been found by the revenue men and I will stay with Le Fere until I do see your signal.'
		'And if that means you go to France with him then so be it, but at least you will be safe.' He swallowed a lungful of the cool night air. 'Are we agreed?'
		'We are.' And with that she leaned over to him and placed her lips on his.

When at last the first rowing boat scraped its way up the sandy beach to unload its valuable cargo Françoise handed the reins of her horse to Jacob, squeezed his hand and then waded knee deep into the sea and climbed into the boat for the return journey to the ship and to Le Fere. This time she wore a riding outfit and boots rather than her usual male clothing for tonight she had no intention of handling contraband because her meeting with Captain Le Fere was far more important to her. She made herself as comfortable as she could in the bow of the boat and cursed at how wet her feet were and how wet her clothing was from hem to waist. As she approached the ship she set her eyes on the Greek figurehead which she knew so well and which would become to important to her one day.

Once she was on the decks of the ship Françoise allowed herself a moment to look back towards the shore and her excellent vision soon found the distant figure of her lover.
		'Not working tonight?' a familiar voice called out from behind her. 'You are not dressed for work and you do not usually come out to me.'
		Françoise swung round and offered her right hand to Le Fere which he took in his and kissed it as only a Frenchman can – and the kiss was accompanied by an exaggerated bow. 'I have urgent need to talk to you and to ask you for your help.' She almost begged of him.
		'Come to my cabin,' he still had her hand in his. 'We will talk and drink and then you shall have my help.'
		'The matter is in your hands Sir.' She followed him to his cabin as his crew continued to ignore her as they unloaded their shore-bound cargo.

With a cup of wine for comfort and a rather comfortable chair also for comfort – the same chair which Christina had used so long ago – it didn't take long for Françoise to explain to her handsome Captain the danger which Christina may still be in if she returned to England.
		'And I feel more and more that I am trying to do all this on my own and make life and death decisions on my own. Of course I have Jacob's strength by my side but what I really need is Carlisle to help me decide what our next move should be.'
		'So you need Carlisle to come home?' Le Fere knew he was right.
		'I need him to come home and advise me what to do next.' She nodded. 'And in any case it is time that Rebecca came home and began her life with my cousin.'
		'And time is against you?'
		'It is Sir.' She drank her wine.
		'Then writing to Carlisle and your sister would take up far too much time?'
		'And be rather dangerous were the contents of the letter and the address to fall into the wrong hands.'
		'Of course.' He nodded as he stared at the deck below his feet. 'It follows then that you would have me go to Paris and give her your story face to face?'
		'I had not thought to be so bold Sir as to ask you to do such a thing, nevertheless it would be much safer that way. You would of course be paid handsomely.'
		'I will do it, and the payment is not important. Do you wish to accompany me?'
		'Do I need to?'
		'Of course not.' And with that the decision to accompany Le Fere or not was to be taken out of her hands as a commotion came from the deck above them.

 Le Fere abandoned his table and his cabin with Françoise close on his heels and together they arrived on deck where the Captain spoke hurriedly to one of his crew. Françoise tried her best to make sense of what they were saying to each other but her understanding of the French language was so poor that she understood nothing except of course a knowledge that all was not well on the beach.
		'What is happening?' Françoise finally pushed her question into a convenient gap in their conversation. 
		'Your men have taken to the dunes and beyond.' Le Fere explained. 'I regret to say that your revenue men are on the beach which has brought tonight's activities to an end.' He stared over the waters at the beach as his boats came alongside close to where he stood.
		'And what of me?' Françoise chewed her bottom lip as her situation became rather desperate. 'Do we wait the night for the coast to clear so that I may return home?' She looked down into the deep blackness of the water below. 
		'Not this time my Lady,' Le Fere looked into her eyes. 'With the revenue men on the beach it is very possible that they will have a frigate on its way to confront us.'
		'So we leave here with me stuck on your ship?'
		'Do you have a better idea which will ensure our safety?'
		'I suppose not.' She gave in as she conceded that she may have to accept a night in Dieppe.

With such activity littering the deck as the crew lifted their boats from the sea and stowed them in their rightful place on deck, and their cargo once again secured below decks Le Fere and Françoise returned to the comfort of his cabin.
		'And so,' she sat back on her chair, 'the question now is not will you go to Paris for me but rather should I come with you?' She at last found a smile as the seriousness of her situation turned to an adventure which she had always been attracted to.
		'If that is what you and Jacob have decided to ask of me?'
		'It is. All we have to do is decide where to take her. She is in danger in Orleans, Paris or London as we see it.'
		'Well Carlisle may have an alternative that we know nothing about as yet.' She was not to know how true that would turn out to be. 'In any case we must bring Rebecca home and now you have me as unwanted baggage!'
		'Well not entirely unwanted.' He smiled at her without mischief in his meaning. 'You will be fine company for me.'
		'Well I have little in the way of clothing, as I did not come prepared.'
		'It matters not.' He returned her smile. 'Dieppe has an abundance of providers gowns which will suit you, and with me by your side to speak the language you should be satisfied with the outcome of our shopping before we embark on our journey to your sister.'
		'So you accept that I am to accompany you?'
		'Yes, given that your alternative would be to wait for me on the ship in a stinking port and surrounded by undesirable men with undesirable intentions.'
		'Then we shall indeed journey together.' She turned her back on his suggestion that she might stay in Dieppe.
		'Do you ride?'
		'As well as any man Sir.' Her answer gave him great satisfaction as she looked back at him.
		'You are wet.' He stated the obvious. 'Do you intend to remain in your clothing and boots for the rest of the voyage?' He re-filled both wine cups.
		'Since the alternative would be to walk around naked Sir I have no alternative.' She smiled and grasped her wine cup and in her mind she considered the effect on Le Fere were she to undress in his cabin. 'This must be a great inconvenience to you?'
		'What must?' He cocked his head to one side as he examined her beauty.
		'Being stuck with me and a task which should have been mine alone.'
		'Not so,' he shook his head. 'There is no other who can get word to Carlisle and Christina. To have you alongside me will make for good company.'
		'But it is taking you away from your work?'
		'And my smuggling I agree,' he smiled. 'The rest will do me good and my crew for we cannot return so soon to Essex with the contraband which we still have on board. Besides I would do well to be absent from Calais for a while.'
		'Why?'
		'Because the people who I got the illegal cargo from will soon be asking for payment and since Jacob, or you, never paid me for the goods it follows that I cannot reimburse those to whom I owe payments to and who reside in Calais.'
----
The following day, which like many previous days was hot, their ship made slow headway into the port of Dieppe and from what Françoise could as she took in some fresh air on the deck the place was as Le Fere had called it – stinking. It was also crowded as far as berths were concerned so much so that Le Fere and his men had to use great skill to berth their ship. Françoise had slept in Le Fere's cabin without her boots and gown and she was pleased to find that both were dry the following morning - that was not unexpected since the night had been warm and humid which didn't allow for a very good night's sleep. Remaining on deck once the ship had been secured by the dockside Françoise watched in fascination as the crew unloaded items which had nothing to do with the contraband which was still on the ship. 

Not many hours later the couple were on their way out of Dieppe and into the country and heading towards Paris. Le Fere had planned for them to rest at his sister's house which conveniently was on their intended route. His sister lived alone and he knew she would welcome them both. Their horses were of good quality and in plentiful supply for France unlike England, was not suffering a civil war and a shortage of horses.
		'I did not know you had a sister?' Françoise made polite conversation during the few times that the state of the road allowed them to ride alongside each other.
		'Why should you? There was never a point in our conversations when the fact would have been useful.' 
		'What is her name?'
		'Marianne.'
		'And I suppose she only speaks French which is going to be difficult for me since I am not as familiar with her language as I once was?'
		'Not so,' he smiled at her through white teeth and his black beard. 'Her English is equal to my own due no doubt to our English mother.'
		'Good,' she returned his smile. 'Then I will look forward to our conversations. Is she married.'
		'She was, her husband is dead.'
		'Oh.'
		'She seems to have recovered well from it.'
		'An illness?'
		'No, he was a soldier and was killed in battle. It was at the battle of Rocroi four years ago, in the month of May I think it was during one of France's many battles with Spain.' Françoise swallowed hard as her mind considered yet another death and another war in Europe.
 
Some hours later the two weary travellers came to rest at the house of Le Fere's sister – a petite woman with dark hair and a welcoming smile who Françoise considered was typically French in appearance. 
		'We shall rest here for two nights and a day.' Le Fere announced as he climbed down from his horse and greeted his sister.
		'Why so long?'
		'Our horses have done well but they need a rest before we continue.'
		'Very well.' Françoise looked disappointed. 'Whatever you say.'

Françoise enjoyed her stay with Le Fere's sister for Marianne was a good host and a good listener to Françoise's story as Le Fere occasionally intervened when a translation from French to English was needed. As far as Françoise was concerned Marianne's English was perfectly adequate and far better than her own French. An added advantage to their stay was that at last Françoise had some female company, and that was something which had been quite rare during her difficult life over recent years. The night was spent with a good rest, some good wine, and yet again a warm night. The English summer had followed the two travellers all the way to the outskirts of Paris, and although it was hot it was far preferable to any rain which might have been the alternative.

Two mornings later Françoise and her companion said their farewells to Marianne and started out on the last two days of their journey south to Carlisle and Christina. On this new day the skies were overcast with thunderous looking dark clouds and it wasn't long before the rains did indeed fall heavily accompanied by lightning.
  		'Why am I always destined to be wet?' Françoise called out to Le Fere who rode next to her.
		'You have quite clearly done something to annoy the Gods above.' He gave her a smile which she ignored. 'We will be dry tonight at our final stop so until that time I am afraid we will have to endure all that your God has to throw at us.'
		'And where will our final stop be? Another sister or another inn?' Her sarcasm was lost on him.
		'An inn. You have already met my entire family.' The rain dripped from his black beard.




7. REBECCA COMES HOME
EARLY AUGUST 1647

Entering Paris and Christina's temporary home was without incident and the following morning the party of five began their journey to Dieppe. This was the first time that Françoise had met Rebecca and she found the child to be polite and very pretty and although she could never have known it so like her mother Rachel. Françoise was not surprised to hear Rebecca speak in French, she was, however, rather surprised to hear how well she spoke English which she found was necessary when speaking to Carlisle. Rebecca did not ask any awkward questions of Françoise relating to her origins and her mother and her place of birth which rather surprised her. Françoise could only assume that she had already asked such questions of Christina but she could not know that until the two sisters were out of earshot of the girl.

 The night that the small party arrived at Dieppe and boarded Le Fere's ship was a stormy one, in fact it reminded Christina very much of the last time she had made a crossing over the channel to England and an unplanned journey to the shore long before she reached London – a night which would live in her mind forever. And it was on that night that she had ended up sliding down the rain and sea soaked side of Le Fere's grounded ship and into a rowing boat which took her to the shores of Essex and an adventure which she could hardly have imagined would engulf her.

It was now the third day of August and once little Rebecca had been made comfortable in a small cabin close by, Carlisle, Françoise and Christina joined Le Fere in his cabin where they all enjoyed a good cup of wine and some rather excellent food. They had in fact been on the ship for some hours whilst Le Fere disposed of their horses and the carriage which had carried Christina and Rebecca, and to his surprise he got a good price for them. And whilst all this was going on the rest of the party watched the crew prepare the ship for departure and the advancing storm grow in intensity.

		'Do not worry,' Le Fere smiled as he finished his wine long before the others did, 'I have no intention of leaving the port in such weather for I am convinced that the worse will be over in a matter of hours after which time we will be on our way to your beloved Essex.'
		'Essex?' Carlisle cocked his head to one side as he placed his booted feet on Le Fere's table. 'Not London then?' He watched both Françoise and Christina stare at Le Fere in anticipation of a reply which would explain what he meant.
		'No, not London.' Le Fere shook his head. 'Françoise will know my meaning when I ask her to think back to the night when we departed these shores with Françoise stuck on Le Marseilles because of the revenue men.' He watched Françoise nod an agreement. 'We failed to offload our contraband and tomorrow the tides and the moon will be kind to us and allow us to complete what we started that night.'
		'We left Essex in a panic and still with our cargo on board.' Françoise gave a brief explanation to Carlisle and Christina. 'And our good friend Jean here has an urgent need to dispose of his cargo so that he might make payment to those who gave him the contraband in this very port.' 
		'Jean?' Carlisle took the wine cup which Le Fere had just refilled and put it to his lips.
		'Jean Le Fere.' Françoise explained to Carlisle, 'our good Captain without whom so much could not have been achieved.'
		'Yes but Jean?' Carlisle wanted to laugh but refrained from doing so. 'I never knew your name but still would not have expected you to be a Jean?'
		'My French father is to blame for that. My English mother did not approve of it but she had no say in the matter. It makes no difference to me for Le Fere will do just as well.'
		'Then Le Fere you shall remain!'
		'And you shall always be Carlisle.' Le Fere smiled at him. 'Much better than Christopher!'
		'And now to matters of a more sombre nature.' Le Fere took hold of Carlisle's feet and threw them from his table to the wooden boards of his deck. 'Essex very much suits our purpose.'
		'London, Essex, it makes no difference to me,' Carlisle admitted. 'But why does it suit us?'
		'Apart from the completion of what we started all those nights ago?' Françoise added as she watched her sister Christina's face become wrapped in confusion at only knowing a little of what had already happened.
		'As I understand it,' Le Fere continued Françoise's story, 'we all need the remoteness of Essex and not the chaos of London which is full of Parliament's army and people who would do Christina much harm. And that, my good friends, is why we are all here tonight on this ship because France is no longer safe for her.' 
		Is our destination to be 'Jacob's house?' Françoise was already looking forward to falling into the arms of her lover. 
		'Yes, since Carlisle's place by all accounts is a burnt out ruin.' He watched Carlisle nod. 'But it cannot be Jacob's house for Christina.'
		'Why not?' Christina suddenly came to life.
		'Because those who would do you harm have already almost arrested you in that very area.' He knew they all understand how true that was. No Christina must go to another place more remote than Jacob's house where she will never be found except by us.'
		'And how long must I remain at such a place?' Christina was already dreading the thought of the place.
		'As long as it takes for you to make your peace with Parliament over just where your loyalties lie.'
		'Explain your meaning Sir?' Carlisle was becoming a little confused.
		'I have heard much over these past days about threats from Parliament and from Royalist supporters in Europe and England over the welfare of Christina and it seems to me that we Parliament is less of a threat.'
		'You may be right.' Carlisle was rather impressed how well Le Fere understood the situation.
		'There is an alternative place of refuge if I may make so bold as to suggest it?' Christina had hesitated with her suggestion because she had no idea how it might be received.
		'Which is?' Carlisle stared at her. 'You cannot surely mean my estate in France?'
		'No, although that would have been a possibility, I do not, however, want to give birth to my child in France. I need to find a more permanent place in England whilst I am still fit and able and have no child to drag along with me.'
		'And what place might that be?' Carlisle waited for her response.
		'Bristol, with my sister Isobella.'
		'Is that wise?' Le Fere joined in the conversation. 		'Well there would be no trouble in getting you there for I would take you myself and perhaps secure a new cargo in the Port of Bristol.'
		'How much of a surprise to Isobella would your arrival be at her house?' Carlisle was exploring all possible problems to her suggestion.
		'Not a surprise at all.' Christina smiled. 'And I know that because one of the last things that Maria said to Susanna before she died was that Isobella's home would be a good place to consider if either Françoise or I had need of safe sanctuary.'
		'Well that is settled then.' Carlisle finished the conversation. 
		
Captain Le Fere had no intention of making a separate journey just so that he could drop Rebecca, Carlisle and Françoise off in London. Time was not on Le Fere's side and he didn't have the time to sail into London because he was overdue a night of smuggling off the Essex coast, the original smuggling night having been abandoned. He needed to resurrect his contraband run because he needed paying for what was still hidden on his ship and for which the people whom he bought if from in the first place were now awaiting their payment. Delivering Rebecca and Françoise into the safe keeping of Jacob and his men was a perfect solution in Le Fere's mind and it didn't take much to persuade Françoise of that for she was in need of Jacob herself, and Rebecca was in need of her new home in Oxfordshire.

Some hours later and after their clandestine arrival on their familiar and deserted Essex beach and a night spent at Jacob's house, Françoise, Carlisle and Rebecca left Essex for Warrick house early the following morning with warm sun on their backs as they headed west.

In late September Lady Mary, after a long illness and to nobody's surprise, died peacefully in her bed and so her soul joined that of her late husband Sir Thomas. Arrangements had been in place for some time that she would be buried in Warrick churchyard with the man that she had always loved.
----
Three days later and on a warm mid-August day Françoise, Carlisle – both on horseback – and Rebecca in a carriage neared Warrick House. As was normal on their journeys between Essex and Oxfordshire one of their night's rest was at the “Traitor's Rest” where once again they made sure that they both fully understood what Françoise had agreed with Bridget     Cowpepper about the identity of Rebecca if it ever came to James asking what would have been awkward questions about the girl. They simply did not know what his reaction would have been if her knew that she was the daughter of the woman who murdered his father. The story that Françoise related to Carlisle sat happily with him and he offered no suggestion that the origins of the girl had ever been discussed with her and so there was no conflict of interests as yet in their stories. On arrival at Warrick House on the sixteenth of August they were greeted by Sarah with a curious mixture of delight and trepidation – delight at being able to offer her deceased half-sister's daughter a permanent home in England, the home of her mother – and fear at taking on the responsibility of bringing up a nine year old girl who was not her own and even more trepidation at keeping her real identity from James who's child she was carrying.

There was a warm greeting for Françoise and a wary greeting for Carlisle whom she had not seen since his disastrous arrival at Sutton Manor in 1645. Knowing what his relationship now was with James she straight away made up her mind to accept him as a man who was trying to do his best for Christina. This in itself gave Sarah a conflict of interest since she was no friend of Christina and with the woman permanently in France she would have James to herself. 

		'Does she speak English?' Sarah whispered in Françoise's ear as she greeted her friend.
		'Yes she does and very well. She is a quick learner.'
		'Does she know who she is?'
		'We will talk on that subject later when she is asleep.' Françoise ended the subject for now as she could see Rebecca listening to their conversation.
		'Well my dear child,' Sarah greeted what to all intents and purposes was her new daughter, 'you are welcome in my house and I am so glad to meet you.'
		'Thank you my Lady.' Rebecca gave a very grown up curtsey and as she did so Sarah fixed her eyes on the child's face and instantly she could see Rachel in her face - she desperately hoped that James would not do the same.
		'You have a room of your own for this is your home.' Sarah hoped that would please her.
		'A room of my own?'
		'Of course.' Sarah smiled.
		'Will I not sleep with other girls until we are woken for prayers?'
		'No,' Françoise had her say, 'all that is now behind you, this is now your home and your family.'
		'And will I have a father?' She suddenly stunned her listeners with a question which they had not anticipated.'
		'No,' Sarah suddenly found her answer, 'my husband, the man of the house and the father of my daughter Cathryn who you have yet to meet, was killed in our war.'
		'Oh.' Was all that Rebecca could find to say. 'Who lives in that other house? The house which I saw nearby as we arrived here?'
		'That is Sutton Manor.' Sarah looked at both Françoise and Carlisle. 'Captain Sutton – James Sutton – lived there. You will like him when you meet him as I am sure you will soon.'
		'Captain Sutton,' Rebecca appeared to be storing that information in her brain, 'I will look forward to meeting this James.'
		'Good, then that is settled.' Sarah swallowed as she tried to understand how Rebecca's mind was working and why she was talking like an adult. She was concerned however about the girl meeting James just in case she or he asked any awkward questions.
		'Do I call you mother?' Rebecca continued to ask her difficult questions.
		'No. I am not your mother and so you may call me Sarah.'
		'Qui st ma mere? ' Who is my mother
Sarah looked towards Françoise for support which she gladly received. 'Your mother died.' Françoise' understanding of Rebecca's French did not fail her. She did, however, refuse to reply in French for Sarah's sake. 'We do not know how or where other than it was in Paris which is where you were found. And please will you speak in English otherwise your new life here with Sarah will be very difficult indeed!'

Some hours later and after supper when Rebecca retired to her chamber Sarah settled down with Carlisle and Françoise and a much need adult conversation accompanied by a very passable wine.
		'That child,' Sarah at last spoke up, 'is very clever. She does not always like me and she seems to rebel against me by speaking in French.'
		'Yes I am afraid it is her way of fighting you.'
		'Well she and I will have to learn to get along. She is not going back to France, I owe that to her mother.'
		'And on that subject,' Françoise decided that now was the time to explain a few things to Sarah, 'Rebecca comes to you with the name York – Rebecca York.'
		'Not Hanover?'
		'No and that name must never be mentioned again as long as you shall live.'
		'Or Norfolk?'
		'No. It may link her to her father and then her mother.'
		'I see.' Sarah stared at her lap.
		'James must never know that she is Rachel's daughter – the daughter of the woman who took his own father's life. He would not accept her living so close to his own house and it would create the utmost difficulties between you and he.'
		
And as she watched Sarah nod her understanding of the situation Françoise spent the next few minutes explaining the story that she had agreed with Bridget Cowpepper.
 


















8. THE DEATH OF A LADY
September 1647

Over the next few days Françoise made quite certain that Sarah knew as much about Bridget Cowpepper's story for Rebecca as she did herself after which time she made preparations to Leave Warrick House and return to her beloved Essex before the approaching winter hindered her movements. With the country still not at peace a reliable escort was arranged for her.

It was during these few weeks that Rebecca began to take an interest in the nearby Sutton Manor which finally led her to ask if she could visit her neighbours. Sarah had decided that there would be no harm in her making such a visit, she had, after all, already met James on a number of occasions at Warrick House and on none of those occasions did James ask any awkward questions of the girl or Sarah much to Sarah's relief. He had, however, when his eyes first fixed on Rebecca given the girl a very curious look indeed – almost as if she reminded him of somebody from his past. Not withstanding her concern that James might realise who Rebecca really was Sarah had her attention turned in a different direction – the health of James' mother which was deteriorating at an alarming pace. Sarah grew increasingly worried at the state of Lady Mary yet her concerns appeared not to be shared by James who gave every impression of almost expecting the demise in his mother's health, and so the subject was largely ignored as a topic of conversation.

It was on her third visit to Sutton Manor that Rebecca finally shot a difficult question at James.
		'Are you and Sarah going to wed?' She creased her forehead in anticipation of a reply.
		'Why do you ask?' James set his eyes on hers and saw a face in hers that had largely been banished from his thoughts for more than two years.
		'You are often at my Lady Sarah's house when your own fine house should do you just as well.'
		'We have always been good friends.' James finished their conversation.
		Rebecca had not been satisfied with what James had told her and when Sarah also arrived at Sutton Manor she persisted with her line of questioning and confronted Sarah in the garden. Her question, however, attracted a similar response to that which James had given.
		'We have been friends for a long time,' Sarah watched the young girls face, 'and we enjoy each others company.'
		'But you will not wed?' Rebecca persisted.
		'I think not.' Sarah replied knowing full well that she would very much like to wed James were it not for Christina.
		'Well you should.' Rebecca finished the conversation before leaning against a nearby wall and closing her eyes.
		'Are you unwell?' Sarah voiced her concerns.
A few moments passed before Rebecca gave every indication of recovering and finally opening her eyes once again.
		'Rebecca I asked if you are unwell?'
		'I would not exactly call it unwell,' she looked at Sarah. 'I sometimes get visions.'
		'Visions? Of what?'
		'Blood, a great deal of blood and I know not why.'
Sarah could only stare at her young charge and wondered what history would possibly make her have these visions of blood. She hadn't known Rachel well enough to give herself an answer about any unusual medical conditions within Rebecca's family that might be inherited.
		'Well I think I will call a physician to see what can be done.'
		'Nothing can be done.' Rebecca was adamant with her reply. 'The visions have been with me for as long as I can recall and no physician will stop them.'
		
Much later and with Rebecca passing the time of day in James' garden with their new servant Marian Sarah found a moment to speak with James about Rebecca's medical condition. James, of course, had no possible solution to what might have caused the girl's “visions” and he was not to know that a solution might lie with one man only – Carlisle. And so the matter ended with James being more concerned about the deterioration in his mother's health.

With Sarah and James taking comfort in a wine cup each Marian re-appeared in the house with Rebecca in tow.
		'Rebecca is hungry.' Marian announced as her eyes fixed on James and a smile swept across her face. 'I shall prepare food for her.' And with that she brushed passed James as she made her way to the kitchens. This was witnessed by Sarah who was rather unhappy at the state of dress of a mere servant who appeared to enjoy wearing a low-cut gown which only just provided some modesty for her rather ample breasts.

		'That woman,' Sarah began as soon as Marian had left the room, 'is much too familiar with you.'
		'Is she?'
		'You know she is James so be careful. She is but a servant and should not be quite so forward with you.'
		'I would not stoop so low....'
		'…..Yes you would.' Sarah interrupted him. 'And I have it on good authority from Françoise and Bridget that she behaved this way on a number of occasions during your journey from Essex.'
		'I think that might be a misinterpretation of her behaviour by those two ladies.' James replied and so Sarah gave way and decided that to pursue the conversation was rather pointless.
----
 On the 25th of September Lady Mary died in her bed with both Sarah and James by her side. There was little or no sadness in her face as she passed away for she was comforted by the fact that she would once again be with her husband.



9. HELEN SEYMOUR COMES HOME
AUTUMN 1647

It was the first day of October 1647 and the approaching winter had already chilled the inside of Warrick church with its cold fingers threading their way right down the aisle to the coffin of Lady Mary Sutton who had died some days before and so released herself from whatever ailment it was that had overwhelmed her for many a long month. With the congregation feeling the cold they could not help but hear the sound of heavy rain outside and were thankful that they were in the dry of the church. One late guest – very late – however was not so fortunate.

Lady Helen Seymour opened the door of the church behind the small group of assembled guests who, without exception, turned to stare at the open door and at the crimson gown which she wore.
		'Forgive me,' she curtsied to all those in front of her including the priest who stood next to Lady Mary's coffin. 'I'm late,' she added unnecessarily. 'I had not intended to be so.' The rain water fell from her black hood and down her face. 'It is a long way from Wales.' She watched her brother James' white teeth as he smiled at her chaotic arrival before leaving his seat and greeting her.
		James kissed her hand before placing his lips on each of her cheeks in turn. 'Your arrival would have pleased your mother,' he looked over his shoulder, past the rest of the congregation, and fixed his eyes on the coffin. Together they reached the coffin and Helen bowed before the sombre object before she stepped back a few paces and sank into a vacant pew where James joined her.
		'Her death comes as no surprise to me,' she declared in a quiet voice as her long hair fell across her face.
		'Really?' James fixed his eyes on the beauty of her blue eyes and her mouth where it ended at the creases which ran down her face from her nose.
		'She wrote to me often so I knew she was ill,' she whispered before finishing the conversation and allowing the service to continue.
		'Almighty God...' she heard the priest begin his solemn incantations and then her mind wandered to the rest of the congregation. She first fixed her eyes on Sarah whom she had known since she was a child and together they smiled at each other. Her eyes then found Nan and again they smiled at each other. She struggled to remember the others who were gathered all about her but she knew given time she would indeed remember them from her life at Sutton Manor before her marriage to Sir Edmund Seymour in Wales. She did, however, remember Ned who gave her a warm smile.

As they struggled up the wet and muddy slopping graveyard to the place where Mary was to be buried next to her husband the rain, driven as it was by a howling gale, swamped them all which didn't bother Helen at all since she was already wet and she knew there would be a good fire ready for them back at Sutton Manor.
		'There is warmth at home I assume?' She shouted into James' ear. 'And wine?' She added.
		'Plenty of both.' He smiled at her as he watched their mother's coffin arrive at the empty tomb. 'Who told you she had died?'
		'Well certainly not you!' she criticised him. 'I never heard about her death from you. I only ever received one letter from you and that was to advise me that she was not at all well '
		'Well that is certainly a failing on my part I.' He admitted.
		'It was Cowpepper who told me.'
		'Cowpepper?' James creased his forehead under his hood. 'Cowpepper does not work for me.'
		'That is true, but he does manage Sarah's estates which I suppose is where he heard about our mother's death.'
		'You suppose correctly,' an unseen voice answered from behind Helen. 'And it was I who asked Cowpepper to find out where you were living, Bristol or Wales, and to get word to you.' Sarah greeted her with a broad smile before throwing her arms around her and kissing her.
		'My dear Sarah,' Helen allowed a smile to wash across her face even though the rain was now running off her hair and her nose and her chin. 'My lifelong friend.'
		'You are not wearing black?' Sarah threw a criticism at her.
		'So observant.' Helen smiled.
		'But crimson?' Sarah quelled the anger in her voice.
		'It was at my mother's insistence.'
		'How so?'
		'Some years ago and the last time that I saw her we talked of illness and death and so told me that when the time came her death should not bring heartbreak. I should celebrate her life rather than mourn her passing and so I should not wear black.' She threw her arms around Sarah. 'Come let us not be so downcast, mother would not have liked it. Let us celebrate her being at rest with my father.'
		With her arms around Sarah's waist and without asking if there was any truth in it, Helen could not help but suspect that Sarah felt as if she were with child for she had only ever known her to be slim.

Their happiness was suspended for a while as the formalities of placing Lady Mary's body in her final resting place were observed. A few minutes later all the guests climbed into carriages or astride horses to make their way back to Sutton Manor and Warrick House. Helen chose to go to Warrick House with Sarah rather than rattle around Sutton Manor looking for her mother who would never appear again.

Once she and Sarah were warm and dry and suitably refreshed with food and wine Helen found time to speak to Sarah about all that had happened in the years since she had been living in Monmouth with her husband.
		'How old were you when you left home?' Sarah smiled, and as she did so Helen once again fixed her eyes on her friends belly and made up her mind that there was little doubt that she was with child.
		'Seventeen, which was all of nine years ago.'
		'An eternity.' Sarah nodded as she found herself shaking her head but she knew not why.
		'Yes I suppose it is.' Helen agreed as she offered her own beautiful lips the crimson wine which she held in a silver cup.
		'And how many children do you and Edmund have?'
		'None.'
		'None?' Sarah expressed her surprise.
		'I think there might be something wrong with me.'
		'Not your husband?' Sarah suggested.
		'No not my husband for he has a bastard child from a mistress which he found in his bed!' She smiled as if to dispel any suggestion that the matter grieved her.
		'I see.' Sarah could not help but fix her eyes on Helen's breasts and wondered why any man would want to bed another when he had what Helen could offer.
		'I am not destined to have children, with or without Edmund's help!'
		'What can you mean?' The thought lines creased Sarah's forehead.
		'I have not been quite so innocent myself. If Edmund considers it his right to bed another then so do I.'
		'I am sure I do not know what to say!'
		'Then say nothing,' Helen smiled, 'and so, as you can understand, I seem not to be blessed with children.' And with that she decided to end that part of their conversation as she closed in on Sarah and whispered in her. 'I see you have no problems in that respect yourself?'
		'Helen!'
		'Do not deny it Sarah by your own standards you are as fat as a hay stack.' She watched Sarah's face turn red. 'Who is the father?'
		'Your brother.' Sarah decided it was useless to deny it.
		'Well unless I have missed something in our conversation you and James are not wed?' She watched Sarah shake her head. 'Are you his mistress?'
		'That is an interesting suggestion,' Sarah pursed her lips and thought for a while as if she were struggling to continue. 'I am carrying his child, we are not wed and are not likely to be since he loves another who lives in France. Make of that what you will. So yes I suppose I am his mistress but for now I am satisfied with my lot knowing that I will have his son or daughter.'

It was time for silence to now wash over Helen for there was clearly a long story to tell and the night was young.

As the heavy rain continued to batter the windows of Warrick House and the October darkness took delight in shutting out the daylight, Sarah told Helen everything – everything except the fact that she had adopted the daughter of her half-sister Rachel. They sat side by side in upright chairs by the spitting logs of the warming fire. Sarah told her about Susanna and her death which quite shocked Helen because she had known Susanna for as long as she had known Sarah, and the mere mention of Susanna led her on Carlisle and the love that Carlisle had for her. Sarah continued to bring Helen up to date with matters concerning family and friend by telling her about Maria and her death, her late husband Will Hallett and their daughter, she told her about Christina and her adventures in France, Oxford and Essex. She told her the truth about the death of Sir Thomas and about Rachel who turned out to be her own half-sister. Her story continued with all that she knew of Françoise and Isabelle Hanover and Eleanor of York and her insatiable desire to have Christina put to death. And once she had said all these things and seen Helen stare at her with a beautiful open mouth she realised what a terrible six years they had all endured and which ended with a number of imprisonments and seven deaths.

		'When is the baby due?'
		'December or thereabouts. I think I am seven months gone.'
		
		'Why does this French whore, Christina Norfolk, or should I say Lady Christina Norfolk, have such a hold over my brother?' Helen asked after a pause to take in all that Sarah had revealed. 
		'I know not,' Sarah shook her head, 'unless she has some French way with him which I cannot equal.
		'I doubt that,' Helen tried to reassure her, 'you strike me as being the equal of most women in that respect. No there must be something else that we know nothing about which cements her relationship to James and keeps him away from you.'
		'Well he is not exactly with her at the moment since she is in France and will not return to this country as long as there is the threat of arrest hanging over her.'
		'She will not stay there,' Helen declared as if she knew the woman already. 'As God is my witness she will creep back to this country just so that she can be with my brother.'
		'You seem very sure of that?'
		'I am and when she does that will be the time to have her arrested as she should have been months ago.'
		'Well Eleanor has done all she can to achieve that without any success.'
		'Then this Eleanor needs help.' Helen suggested without going out of her way to suggest she might be the person to provide that help. 'First this Rachel woman sinks her talons into him and then she is followed by the whore from France. It seems to me that he is attracted to any woman who lifts her skirts to him.'
		'I did not lift my skirts to him!' Sarah was rather indignant as her mind for a moment flashed to a vision of Marian.
		'I did not suggest you did and well you know it.' Helen finished as she drained the last of the wine in her cup. 'Who is that girl?' She stared into the entrance hall and fixed her eyes on Rebecca who was just about to climb the long staircase.
		'Which girl?' Sarah fumbled for an answer – any answer – as she hesitated over Helen's invading question.
		'How many young girls have you got running around the place?' She threw her sarcastic question at Sarah as she half turned to face her.
		'That is Rebecca.' Sarah swallowed hoping Helen's questioning would go away.
		'I did not mean her name though it is pleasant enough. Why is she here? She is not yours is she?'
		'No she is not mine! You appear to have a very ill opinion of me if you think that.'
		'So why is she here? Have you turned your house into an orphanage?'
		'She is the daughter of a good friend of mine.'
		'Which good friend? I am your good friend but I would not dump my daughter on you if I had one.'
		'Isabelle of Monmouth.' She found the only name she could as a diversion.
		'That's a lie. Try another name.'
		'A lie?'
		'I know Isabelle,' she watched Sarah swallow hard again. 'I have visited her often in Bristol and I know she has no child.'
		'Oh.' Was all that Sarah could find to say. 'I did not know you knew her?'
		'Clearly not.' Helen smiled. 'So for reasons which you will keep from me you and someone else concocted this story so that certain people including me will not know the truth?'
		'I, we, did not concoct the story as you put it to hide the truth form you but from someone else.' 
		'Who?'
		'Promise me you will not let it go further?'
		'For the sake of our friendship which I value more than you might imagine, you have my promise.' 
		'She is the daughter of Rachel Hanover.'
		Helen stared at Sarah again with a silent open mouth – but only for a moment. 'I see. Well from the story you have just told me and the rumours that I have heard over the last two years I do not recall that Rachel was ever married?'
		'That is true.'
		'And the child's father? You are not going to say James'?'
		'No. The child is eight years old and James only met Rachel in 1642 so you can see that it would have taken a miracle for James to be Rebecca's father?'
		'Yes I do see that.' Helen fixed her eyes on the floor as a list of questions flooded her mind. 'So who is the father?'
		'Harry – Sir Henry. Christina's husband.'
		Helen couldn't help but let out a laugh. 'Poor Christina – her husband has sired a girl with another woman?'
		'And that is precisely why it must go no further for James will not accept a child from the woman who murdered his father. And if he will not accept her then that will be the end of all hope for a union between he and I.'
		'I think you are foolish to believe that there is any hope. Clearly this Christina has his love and she will not let go.'
		'I must have hope. If you were in my position you would do the same.'
		'If I were in your position I would have fought for him as soon as Rachel came on the scene.' Helen chewed her bottom lip in thought. 'I never did quite understand why he gave up on you so easily.'
		'Rachel had much to offer him.'
		'Then I would have offered him the same had James been my lover.' Helen admitted without intending to shock Sarah.
		'But we are not the same are we Helen?' Sarah brushed aside Helen's comment and any unintended shock that it might have created as a servant girl came into the room with wine for the two women. 'Thank you Naomi.'
		'Will there be anything else my Lady? The girl asked with a wide smile across her pretty face.
		'No thank you,' Sarah waved her away as she noticed Helen staring at her.
		'Pretty girl?' Helen continued to fix her eyes on the empty door-frame after Naomi's departure.
		'Yes I suppose she is,' Sarah half agreed having no opinion at all about the girl's looks. 'She is a good worker and I was lucky to find her. With the extra work needed for the children we needed more help and Master Cowpepper found her for me.'
		'Cowpepper? Who is he?' Helen tore her gaze from the doorway.
		'He looks after this place for me – money and legal matters, that sort of thing.' 
		'I see.' Helen abandoned the subject as she attempted to sum up what she saw as a ridiculous situation. 'So my dear Sarah let me get this quite clear in my mind.' She sighed. 'You are having James' child even though you appear to be content at being his mistress? He is happy enough bedding this Christina woman and you are looking after her husband's child who he sired with Rachel Hanover who murdered James' father and was executed for High Treason, and we cannot tell James about Rachel's child because James would not approve of her?'
		'That is about  it, yes.' Sarah swallowed nervously.
		'Well my dear Sarah you ask a lot of me to keep these facts a secret but because I have always loved you I will keep my mouth shut.'
		And with that Sarah approached Helen and threw her arms around her in an embrace which did at least mask the tears which had formed in Sarah's eyes.
 		'Do not criticise me Sarah,' Helen pleaded as she repeated the embrace, 'if I should do what I think is only right and proper to get James away from his lover and back in his rightful place by your side?'
		Sarah felt a sudden impulse to ask her what she meant by that but she knew it was pointless for Helen was such a head-strong woman that she would refuse to answer her. And besides in her opinion there was nothing Helen would be able to do – it was an idle threat, or so she thought. In the months ahead Sarah would realise that it was no idle threat at all for Helen was far more determined and clever than Sarah even imagined she could be.
----
The following morning Helen made her way to Sarah's stables with the intention of riding in the countryside and clearing her mind from all the heartache of her mother's funeral. She busied herself organising the tack for her horse and was lost in her own world as she methodically prepared her horse.
		'And so we meet again.' A voice called out to her from behind.
		'Ned!' A smile washed over her face as she recognised his voice, without turning towards him.
		'I did not think to find you in here unless you were waiting for me?' He teased her as his hand found her waist. 'I feel the need for fresh air.' She smiled at him over her shoulder
		'And is that all that you have need of?' he turned her round took her hand in his and kissed it.
		'Do not tempt me.' She threw back at him as he continued to hold her hand. 'Given my circumstances I would gladly surrender to your desires if you took me for yourself.' She placed her free hand on his chest. 'I have needs, so too I imagine have you.'
		He did and some minutes later she was in the hay with her gown above her hips and perspiration bathing her face. He had taken her quite roughly which did not surprise her knowing that he had a history of doing what he wanted and taking any woman of his choice, common or otherwise, when he so desired it. Helen of course had no idea that he had once done the same to Sarah's sister Susanna but not in the barn where she now lay for that act was reserved for Carlisle.

		Once Helen had ceased her heavy breathing and recovered her composure she threw an unlikely question at the man who had satisfied her as his naked chest flattened her breasts.

		'I have a favour to ask of you?'
		'I will need a few moments rest if you want me to take you again.' He smiled in mild amusement as he allowed his hand to explore between her thighs.
		'I do not mean that Ned,' she kissed him. 'You have pleasured me enough for a while thank you,' she lied, 'I need to journey to London and I will not be so stupid as to make the trip on my own. Will you escort me and leave me as close to the city as you are able? There is nobody else whom I can turn to.'
		'Of course I will but I warn you we will have to stay  the night at some wayside inn on the way and I may make you pay for my services!'
		'That I will gladly do.' She gasped as his hand found that despite her half-hearted protestations she was in fact ready for him. 'When do you want to go? Winter is approaching and if we leave it much longer we shall be forced to wait until the spring.'
		'Soon enough for I cannot wait.' She gasped as she felt his fingers find their target.'
		'We are of one mind!' He smiled as he turned her remark into his favour which brought the desired reaction from him as she allowed her hand to guide him into her once again and waited for the pleasure that she knew it would give to her so soon after her first satisfaction.

 












10. A NEW DESIRE FOR REVENGE
Late October 1647

On the 28th October 1647 Carlisle made his way to his local stables where he had paid quite handsomely to keep his horse - safe and out of the clutches of the army. He had heard of a development within the army which he felt he should attend as part of his commitment. He had it on good authority that several meetings were planned to take place at the Church of St Mary the virgin in Putney - these meeting would become known as the “Putney Debates”. He had considered asking James along – obviously in disguise – as a witness to what was taking place and the effect that it would have on King Charles, but time was against him leaving a journey to Sutton Manor to collect James out of the question.
		Carlisle met with his army colleagues and discussed what had been agreed between Lieutenant-General Oliver Cromwell, Commissary-General Henry Ireton and Colonel Thomas Rainsborough. With no useful part for him to play himself in any further debates he made up his mind to make the difficult journey to Bristol where he could give Christina the news that it was safe for her to return to London without fear of reprisals from Eleanor. He did not of course know that Helen had had Astle murdered which made Eleanor's promise to leave Christina alone worthless should she return to London or even England for Eleanor was unaware that Christina was already living in Bristol. Carlisle was also keen on meeting Christina 's sister Isobella again. 
	The Putney Debates centred on a proposal by a group of officers known as the “Levellers” to ask Cromwell and Ireton to break off the protracted negotiations with the king which appeared to have stalled without progress.

In early November Carlisle, somewhat disillusioned with the Putney Debates, returned to his London home just in time to avoid a period of heavy rain. During the second week of November the tranquillity and peacefulness of being at home came to an end when an unlikely guest hammered on his door.
	'Captain Carlisle?' Eleanor York allowed him a wet curtsey and offered her wet pale hand to him. 'We are adversaries I know.....' She continued.
	'Hmmmm,' he stared at her and in particularly at her attractive mouth. Adversaries perhaps, you did after all steal a document from me when last you were here.'
	'The document, as you well know, was the property of the King, it was not yours to keep.'
	'That may well be but you tried to use it to have Christina Norfolk arrested.'
	'She was an enemy of Parliament and well you know it, and both you and I are on Parliament's side.' She smiled an almost triumphant smile.
	'And then your paid assassins attacked my house and killed Susanna Richmond.' He offered her a cup of wine which she gladly accepted.
	'I wanted no killing and I told them that.'
	'The fact that you have called upon me and accepted my wine tells me that you have need of my services.'
	'That Sir is correct.' She swallowed some of her wine.
	'Come to the fire and dry yourself. I regret that I have no dry clothing for you to change into.'
	'I would not expect it Sir.' She approached the fire and  held her one free hand to the warmth. 'I come to you in desperation and would expect you to throw me out on the streets, however, what I have to say maybe somewhat beneficial to the both of us.'
	'How so?' Carlisle added more wine to her cup and to his.
	'Let me explain.' She accepted his offer of a nearby chair and waited for him to make himself comfortable opposite her. 'Some years ago, in 1641, I called upon Harry at his house in Yorkshire the consequences of which have returned to haunt me.'
	'Go on?' Carlisle's eyes met hers as he drank his own wine.
	'I have had a recent visit from one Philip Astle....'
	'…..Who is? Carlisle interrupted her.
	'Squire to Harry,' she watched Carlisle nod, 'and he told me that he spied on me when I was at Harry's house, and he claims to have seen Harry's brother bed me. Harry was away at the time.'
	'And were you bedded?'
	'It matters not, what does matter is that Harry must never find out about it and Astle has threatened to tell Harry if I do not come to a financial settlement with him.'
	'I assume you have the means to do that?'
	'You are quite wrong Sir. I have no money of my own and if I used Harry's money he would become suspicious and no doubt discover what the money was used for. If he was to tell Harry what he claims to have seen Harry would refuse to wed me once he has his divorce or annulment in place for he would not accept the fact that I have been bedded by my brother in marriage as he would be then.'
	'And so?'
	'And so I stand before you now pleading for your hep for I know that you are a man of means.'
	'You must be desperate.' Carlisle smiled.
	'I am, but there is much that I can offer you in return. Name your price?'
	'Carlisle set his eyes on her breasts whilst he considered what she could do for him.'
	'You may want to bed me yourself.' She swallowed.
	'An interesting proposition,' Carlisle smiled, 'and whilst that would no doubt be delightful I have a better solution which I am sure you would agree to and if you do not then I will bed you anyway and throw you back out on the streets!'
	'Go on?' She ran the tip of her tongue over her red lips as she considered Carlisle's suggestion.
	'Your men destroyed my house,' he watched her mouth, 'and destroyed the woman I loved. I want their names?'
	'Very well.' Eleanor considered that it was a small price to pay. 'I only know the name of their leader, he went by the name of Dent. I never did know his first name. No doubt your army contacts will be able to tell you more.'
	'And one thing more,' he nodded having memorised the name, 'something which you will find it hard to agree too.'
	'Try me?'
	'I want you to call off your insane vindictiveness of Christina and allow her to return to England.' He kept the fact that Christina was already in England but in Bristol a secret.'
	'And in return for all this you will pay off Philip Astle?'
	'I will.'
	'Then we are agreed.'
	'And so you must be desperate.'
	'Undoubtedly so.'
	'Where can I find this Astle? Where are his lodgings?'
	'It is a place you know well enough.' She gave him the name of an inn which he did indeed know well for it was the same place where he met Rachel for the first time so many years ago.
	'Were there any other witnesses to your discretion with Harry's brother?'
	'One other, and this is according to Astle.'
	'Who?'
	'Rachel Hanover.'
	'Rachel?' He sought clarification for he could not believe what he had just heard.
	'Yes, and I understand that she is not unknown to you?'
	'She is very much known to me but she is of no consequence in this matter.'
	'Why not?'
	'Because she is dead, executed in 1645.'
	'I did not know that.'
	'Other than her link with Astle what do you know of her?'
	'Nothing.' She lied as she cast her mind back to her time in France when she took over responsibility for Rachel's child Rebecca.
	'Well,' Carlisle decided to end their conversation, 'if Astle is right and she did see you with Harry's bother then her secret has died with her.' He could not have known how far from the truth that was. 'And so we are agreed and we must drink to it.' He filled her wine cup almost to overflowing.
	'I am indebted to you Sir.' She swallowed almost half of the wine in her cup and cast him a provocative glance.
	Carlisle watched her consume the wine and as she did so it very much put him in mind of Françoise doing the same some years ago and the effect which it clearly had on her and her inhibitions. As he watched Eleanor's face redden once the wine took hold of her his mind wandered to what he had done to an intoxicated Françoise and he wondered if the same might happen to Eleanor.
----	
Once Eleanor had left his house Carlisle made up his mind to ride to Bristol as a break from the monotony of London and an opportunity to see Isobella and Christina – a journey of some distance and one that should only be attempted in the spring for winter would made such a journey impossible. Carlisle was well aware that Christina had largely been forgotten and he had every intention of rectifying the situation whilst at the same time enjoying the company of Isobella who's marriage was all but ended. He would also be in the unique position of being able to tell Christina that there was no danger from Eleanor if she were to return to London if he did what he said he had promised to do for Eleanor. He still did not entirely trust her to keep her word but he would know well enough if she was true to her word by the time that spring arrived.  
----
That night, and a day's ride away on the Oxford road, Helen and Ned found their intended place of rest for the night - “The Traitor's Rest” the significance of which was unknown to either traveller. Helen was not surprised to find that Ned had only arranged for one room for the both of them and after a good meal and some decent wine she made a rather outrageous confession to Ned which was her way of telling him to repeat what he had done to her in Sarah's barn.
		'You may satisfy me Sir without any complications so put your mind at rest.'
		'Complications?'
		'You may bed me as often as you like for I am unable to have children. It is a curse which I have accepted but it will relax the both of us this night and any time in the future.'
		'And so it is not a curse at all?' He smiled.
		'In the circumstances I call it a blessing.' She returned his smile.
----
The following morning on the eleventh of November Carlisle made his way to Eleanor's house and gave her the news which she had so much wanted to hear.
		'Astle has done as we desired.' he crossed the threshold of her house, 'though I must confess that it cost me so much more than I wanted to pay him.'
		'I am both obliged to you and indebted to you Sir.' She turned her back on him as she asked a servant to bring wine and cups.
		'As the debt is greater than I had hoped I may take you for myself as payment.'
		'That is your choice Sir.' She didn't know if he was being serious with her or not.
		'And so I consider it safe to get word to Christina that she is able to return to London without danger of arrest?'
		'As we agreed.' Eleanor did not convince him that she was being completely honest.
		'Do not go back on your word,' he warned her as wine arrived quicker that he had expected, 'for if you do I am more than capable of making your life very difficult indeed. And I will take my pleasure of you with or without your permission.'
----
		That same day, and after finally arriving in London and bidding farewell to Ned, Helen Seymour had no problem in finding Eleanor's house – a few coins in the right direction and into the grubby hands of the right person produced the address of Westgate House.
		'And you are?' Eleanor asked after interrupting a strained conversation between her servant and the stranger at her door.
		'Helen Seymour.' She announced herself as she followed Eleanor's open hand directing her into what Helen` would come to know as the great hall. 'I am the sister of James Sutton.'
		'I know of you of course,' Eleanor nodded, 'and this James Sutton is my enemy but not so you I hope.'
		'I also hope not but time will tell.'
Eleanor led her into the great hall where wine was already waiting for them, 'And to what do I owe the pleasure?'
		'I am here to ask for your help on the matter of one Christina Norfolk.'
		'Why?' Eleanor called out over her shoulder for she had not expected Christina to be the topic of conversation.
		'I understand that she has been banished to France in fear of her life and there is much that you know about this?'
		'That was certainly the case some weeks ago but her circumstances and mine have changed.'
		'To what degree?' Christina set her eyes on Eleanor's back.
		'To the degree that Christina, I regret to say, is free to return to England without any danger from me.' Eleanor at last faced her guest.
		'How so? I had heard that it was your aim to have her arrested and if possible put to death?'
		'That was certainly the case some weeks ago but my circumstances have changed the details of which I will not divulge to you. Christina, as I said, is free to return to London or anywhere else in England for that matter.' Eleanor poured two cups of wine and straight away swallowed half of hers perhaps for mental strength.
		'But I do not want her to return, I want her to remain in France.'
		'Well in that respect I cannot be of any assistance to you.' Eleanor offered the second wine cup to her guest which Helen gladly took.
		'I do not understand how you can have changed your attitude to her as you have?'
		Eleanor stared into her wine and decided that she must give Helen some kind of explanation. 'What I will say must not go further than between the two of us.' She watched Helen nod. 'Do I have your word on that?'
		'You do.' Helen also drank half of her wine.
		'A Squire who is known to the man who I hope to wed claims to have information about me which, although they are lies' - Eleanor knew that she could not tell the truth - 'must not reach Harry. If you are familiar with gossip and society in general you will know that Harry is the estranged husband of Christina.'
		'Yes I do know that, and this Squire of whom you speak has not told Harry of these lies?'
		'Not that I know of.' Eleanor added more wine to her cup and to Helen's before settling into a nearby chair and holding out her arm to a second chair as an invitation to Helen.
		'Why not?' Helen took her chair. 'Do you have some hold over the man?' 
		'A financial one, yes.'
		'And should that agreement end or something happen to the man you would be free to stop Christina returning to England?' Helen ran some ideas through her head.
		Of course.'
		'And if this Squire who's name you have not mentioned.....'
		'….....Philip Astle.' Eleanor saw no harm in revealing the name.
		'Philip Astle?' Helen committed the name to memory. 'So if something were to happen to him and release you from any commitment to his silence you would aid me in my mission to have Christina remain in France?'
		'A moment ago you gave your word to remain silent on this subject?'
		'I have and you must have no fear that I will go back on my word.'
		'I hope so otherwise I will deny everything that you claim and our relationship will be at an end.'

Helen drank all of her wine and watched her host return to the large table and fill both of their cups again. 'Then I trust you.' She returned to her chair.
		'Is this Philip Astle the only one with information that can harm you - the information which you claim are lies? although I am hard pushed to accept that they are lies.'
		'You must decide for yourself if they are lies.' She allowed silence to wash over Helen as the both of them drank their wine. 'According to Astle there is another who claims to have witnessed my so called indiscretions.'
		'Am I allowed to know the person's name?'
		'Rachel Hanover.' Eleanor watched Helen swallow.  'But the woman is dead.'
		'Yes I do know that yet I have no sympathy for her plight for she was instrumental in taking my brother away from Sarah.'
		'In much the same way as Christina did more recently and continues to do so.' Eleanor nodded her agreement.
		'Quite so.' Helen stared into her wine. 'Well we can be assured that Rachel can do no harm to your reputation from her grave?' She hoped, but wasn't convinced, that Rachel's death had created any certainty in the matter,
----
Helen said her farewells to Eleanor and made her way in an easterly direction towards Carlisle's house and completed some of the journey in a carriage which took her as far as London Bridge. Carlisle was a name given to her by Sarah as one who may be able to provide help whilst she was in London.	
		'My humble apologies Captain Carlisle.' She began her introduction. 'You are Captain Carlisle?'
		'The same.' He took her hand in his and kissed the back of it. 'Please do come in to my humble abode.'
		'Not quite so humble she smiled as she cast her mind to the long staircase. 'My name is....'
		'…..Helen Seymour. Your reputation goes before you. There is not much that escapes me. I have spies and they have already set eyes on you when your escort left you at the city gates. Captain Edward Carter I believe is his name and a good friend of James Sutton.'
		'He is,' she nodded, 'and pray tell me Sir do you know why I am here?'
		'Asking for my help?' he watched her smile an agreement. 'I have no idea what I can do for you so please come in my direction, take a cup of wine with me, and tell me all that you are able.'
Helen sank into a chair at the table and Carlisle joined her.

		'I must be careful what I tell you because it was given to me in confidence so there are two things which I must ask of you.'
		'I would not expect you to break a confidence,' He pushed a cup of wine across the polished surface of his table and in her direction. 'After all much of what I have achieved in this war has only been possible by keeping a confidence.'
		'I need your advice about who I can use to carry out an unsavoury task.'
		'You mean to injure some person?'
		'Yes.'
		'In that respect I can make such an introduction possible.' He drank some of his own wine. 'And is there more?'
		'The name of some place that I can stay whilst I am in London.'
		'For how long?'
		'Winter is approaching and so it may be a few months before I can venture back on the Oxford road.'
		'Then that is settled,' he smiled, 'you must stay here.'
		'I would not be so bold Sir.' She returned his smile.
		'Of course you would,' he set his eyes on her low cut gown and fine body. 'Your company would be good for me.'

Their conversation was interrupted by a knock on the door and whilst Carlisle would not normally have answered it himself he was intrigued to know who was calling on him. A moment later one of his servants brought a sealed letter into Carlisle and waited for him to read it. The date of the letter was the eleventh of the month. After a moment he gave his anticipated reply to his servant. 'You may leave.' He watched the servant girl bow and depart before he turned his attention back to Helen.

		'I regret to say that having invited you to stay in my house I must now desert you. You are of course still welcome to live here as long as you wish and treat my house as your own.'
		'You have been called away?'
		'I have.' He ran the tips of his fingers across his lips as he considered how much to tell Helen knowing that she was the sister of James who was a staunch supporter of the King. 'The King has escaped from Hampton court which makes a nonsense of what we tried to achieve at the Putney Debates.'
		'I have heard of these so called debates.' She watched him finish reading the document.
		'I will not go into the matter further for the subject will be tiresome for you. I, however, must meet with my army colleagues and leave you alone here.

It wasn't long before Carlisle was calling on the home of a fellow Parliamentarian officer where he learnt that King Charles had indeed escaped from confinement at Hampton Court and was rumoured to be hiding, or even lost, in Windsor Forest. It didn't take long for agreement to be reached for a small detachment of Parliamentarian officers to go to the forest and search and hopefully apprehend the King and any supporters who might be with him.

Two days ride away to the west in Oxford James was spending the evening drinking with friends at the Bird Of Prey. He was inside the tavern for the weather in the second week of November did not lend itself to allowing him to sit outside – the same outside where he first met Rachel Hanover and much later Christina, His revelry was interrupted by the arrival of Ned who crashed the door closed behind him.
		'Ned my dear fellow?' James smiled. 'What haste is this?'
		'Much haste.' Ned appeared to be out of breath. 'I have come straight from our fellow officers of a much higher rank than you and I with urgent news and a demand that we follow their orders.'
		'What orders?' James' creased his forehead in confusion.
		'His Majesty has escaped from Hampton Court and is  even now in Windsor Forest and probably lost. The King needs our help before our enemies find him. We have it on good authority that he is heading for The Isle of Wight.
		'Then he shall have our help.' James stood up. 'The Isle Of Wight you say?' James finished his ale in greedy fashion.
		'We think our Lord has made poor decision to go to the Isle of Wight.'
		'I would have thought the continent would have been a safer option?'
		'The King disagrees though of course he could easily reach the continent from the Isle of Wight.'
		'I suppose so,' James made ready to leave, 'though his decision does seem to be a strange one.'
		'And of course we cannot say that to his face.' Ned headed for the inn's door with James close behind.

Some moments later James, Ned and their fellow officers were heading towards Windsor Forest whilst Carlisle and his comrades were on a likewise mission but from the direction of London. The Royalist party would take much longer to reach Windsor Forest because the distance that they would need to cover was far greater than the journey was from London to Windsor.

During the following day both parties were in the forest yet neither of the two groups found their prize – they did, however, find each other at which time a fight ensued with Carlisle firing his pistol at the Royalist party whilst one of his own men fell to the ground mortally wounded. A number of further shots were fired but none of them appeared to hit any intended target, During the exchange of gunfire Carlisle set his eyes on the victim of his first shot. The man was lying on the ground with his abandoned horse nearby. Carlisle dismounted and was about to call out to both parties to cease their firing for nothing was being achieved and it was quite clear that further action would not help anyone find the King. Before he was able to call out the Royalists appeared to take the same attitude and fled the scene – all except for the victim on the ground and one other who put away his weapons – Ned Carter. Carlisle approached the body of his victim and was astonished to find that he had shot James Sutton. 

		'My dear fellow,' Carlisle inspected the wound in James' arm as he acknowledged the attention of Ned..
		'I had not though to see you this day,' James coughed and then smiled, 'and I had not thought that you would get the better of me in battle, small though this battle was.'
		'I have always had the better of you my dear friend,' Carlisle returned the smile as fellow officers gathered around. 'We have fought a pointless battle and shed blood with no advantage to any of us. No doubt you are searching for His Majesty as are we and without success.' They could not have known that the King was many miles away heading for Tichfield and an ideal departure point for The Isle Of Wight.
		'We have all been unsuccessful in what we set out to do.' Carlisle glanced at Ned. 'Let us get our friend here to an inn where we can treat his injury.'

Carlisle appeared to take control of both his own men and Ned as he headed for an inn which he claimed to know with James tied to his horse to prevent his wound overcoming him and causing him to fall from his saddle. Some minutes later a table inside their nameless inn had been cleared and converted into a treatment area for James so that Carlisle could exercise his skills in cleaning and dressing James' wound. It did not take long for Carlisle to complete his nursing skills but was rather taken aback by James' troubled declaration as his treatment was coming to an end.

		'I am concerned about the safety of Christina.' James coughed an unhealthy cough.
		'How so?' Carlisle glanced around to make quite certain that none of his fellow officers were listening.
		'I have learnt from those who would know and I can trust that there is a new danger to her and this time the threat comes from Royalist Continental sympathisers in Europe.'
		'Go on?' Carlisle encouraged.
		'These sympathisers have found out that Christina was involved in stealing the King's papers at Naseby.'
		'How have they found out?' Carlisle continued to make quite certain that their conversation was not being overheard.
		'The information has reached the ears of these people in Europe via Christina's husband who was at Naseby and instrumental in her arrest at the battle. Christina's husband has grown tired of the idea of using the infamous and stolen document as a means of getting Parliament to arrest Christina. The threat to her in Europe appears to be more severe than ever the threat was from Parliament.' He watched a silence wash over Carlisle. 'You must journey to France and return Christina to some place of safety in England.'

Carlisle swallowed as he took in all of what James had said. He knew of course that Christina was in no danger at all in France for she was in Bristol. He had always kept this news away from James for he didn't want the fact to reach the ears of anyone else and indirectly Eleanor. It was clear from what James had just said that Christina's husband was convinced that his wife was still in France and Carlisle was keen to keep it that way.

		'I do not need to journey to France.'
		'You refuse to help her? You who are the very person who has always looked after her and I have always been able to trust?'
		'I do not refuse,' Carlisle looked into the eyes of his friend, 'Christina is not in any danger in France.' He finally gave way on his secret.
		'You talk in riddles.'
		'Not so, you see Christina is not in any danger in France because she is not in France.'
		'Not in France?'
		'She is in Bristol and has been since the day we returned to England.' And for now he decided not to mention the  fact that they returned with Rebecca.
		'And you did not think to tell me?'
		'How could I? Her safety depended on her location remaining a secret. And if I had told you my dear James you would no doubt have gone to Bristol where your journey may have been observed by Eleanor's or Harry's spies. You know this to be true?'
		'You know me well enough.' James smiled.
		'And that is something which you simply could not do.'
		'Yes I do see that.' He gave way.
		'And so you must force yourself to stay away from her – for now.'
		'For now? Is there more?'
		'There is.' Carlisle thought about his agreement with Eleanor. 'For reasons which you will not draw out of me Christina may return to London in safety but I will not know that until I am certain that my agreement with a certain person still stands and she has not gone back on her word.'
		'She?' James gave his friend a quizzical look.
		'I will say no more. For all our sakes safety I will say no more.' He finished that subject. 'Come Ned we must get James home where there will be people with better nursing skills than I'

13. THE DEATH OF A VILLAIN
November 1647

Back in London Helen had succeeded in finding the inn near Fish Street which Carlisle had told her to visit. The place was as rough and dirty as she had imagined it to be after a colourful description of the place had been given to her by Carlisle. Helen had battled her way over an intolerably congested London Bridge whilst doing her best to avoid dirty groping hands which reached out to her from so many strangers whilst her ears battled against the noisy din which surrounded her and was so much a part of London as Rachel had discovered so many years before.

Helen lowered herself onto a filthy bench at an equally filthy table after first announcing herself to a man who presented himself to her as the landlord. His help was secured as soon as she had rewarded the dirty hand which he held out and announced the name of Carlisle as the one who sent her. It was soon agreed that the landlord would bring to her table a paid assassin who was more than capable of carrying out the task which she had need of. And to make matters even easier the victim of Helen's wrath – Philip Astle – was staying at the very inn where she now sat. Helen could never have known that she was sitting at the same table and on the same beach as that used by Rachel Hanover in 1641.

Two days later after first receiving news from her paid assassin Helen hammered on the door of Westgate House and a moment later she was standing in front of Eleanor abandoned in that place by the servant who had admitted her. 

 		'Phillip Astle is dead.' Helen could find no easier way of breaking her news to Eleanor.
		'By your hand?'
		'Not directly. I will say no more.' She let out a long sigh. 'And so he will no longer be a drain on your purse.'
		'Harry's purse.' Eleanor corrected her guest and that in itself was a lie for it was Carlisle's purse but she could not say so.
		'If you say so.'
		'Well,' Eleanor sighed, 'at least that has put an end to his revelations.'
		'Revelations?' Helen gave her a sideways look. 'Surely there was only one revelation?'
		'Not so. He claimed to have information about Christina.'
		'Christina? Surely you are mistaken and you mean you?'
		'The both of us. I was not entirely honest with you when first we met. Or should I say I did not tell you the whole story.'
		'Which was?'
		'That after Edward bedded me he did the same to Christina.'
		'When? Where? Are you certain that he bedded Christina?'
		'As certain as I can be about anything else which escaped his lips.'

Helen's mind was in turmoil and confusion over what she had heard. She had news that Christina had been bedded by Edward and if true it would place a nail in the coffin of James' love for her for he would not tolerate such an accusation. But without proof she could take the matter no further and that proof died with Astle's murder, a murder which she herself had arranged.

		'So Christina was bedded by her husband's brother and the only proof we have of the deed is from the lips of Phillip Astle and he is dead?'
		'That is about it yes.'
		'Surely someone other than Rachel must know the truth?'
		'I do not see who unless of course you were to question Harry's brother yourself, but it is not something that I would recommend.'
		'Why not?' The idea of making a journey to Yorkshire entered her head.
		'Because my dear Helen you would have to be sure that Harry was away from his home and even then Edward may well deny the accusations or worse still he may take you for himself and deny that!'
		'So the only way to have my proof is to hope that Rachel committed what she saw to parchment?'
		'An unlikely scenario do you not agree?' Eleanor licked her lips and swallowed more wine as she watched a young servant girl bring more of the red liquid to the table.
		'I am not so sure - from what I hear she has committed much more to parchment in what people are calling her journal.' Helen had no idea how close to the truth she was.
		'Well that is for you to find out.' Eleanor could see that their conversation was coming to an end. 'But surely that does not matter for now that I am free to allow Christina to come back to England and have her arrested, my troubles and yours are at an end.'
		'But you cannot be certain that Parliament will do as you ask and arrest her?'
		'That is true.' Eleanor put her fingers to her lips as she thought about Helen's dilemma. 'As I see it my Dear Helen your desires and mine for Christina's fate are one and the same – to have Christina arrested and put away for good or executed.'
		'You make it sound so simple yet it is not. The only certainly for me is to have proof of Christina's indiscretions revealed and James to have no more to do with her which will leave her with no alternative but to remain alone in France.'
		'Then you must find this proof and consider me to be your ally in the matter.'
		'You would help me?'
		'I would,' she smiled for I am inclined to agree with you that Parliament have lost interest in Christina.'
		'I am more grateful than you can imagine.' Helen threw Eleanor a genuine smile.
		'I do, however, think you will not find it easy to seek out what you want. You may do well by travelling to Yorkshire and talking to Edward's brother.'
		'For what purpose?'
		'To ask the man if what you and I have heard from Astle is true.'
		'Ask him?' Helen couldn't believe what she had heard.
		'Why not? What has he got to loose?'
		'Well,' Helen accepted Eleanor's suggestion, 'I cannot make such a journey in the depths of winter.'
		'I agree, but the matter can wait for Christina will not come back to England now that there is nothing keeping me from making life difficult for her were she to return to James, and therein lies a problem.'
		'Which is?'
		'Carlisle will have told Christina that it is safe for her to return to England, remember he and I had an agreement when I paid for Astle's silence.' She still did not want to admit that Carlisle had paid Astle.
		'She cannot, must not, return before I have the proof that I need to ruin her reputation.'
		'I will get word to Carlisle that following Astle's death our agreement is at an end and therefore Christina will once again be in danger from me if she returns to England. He will not be happy about it but let me deal with that.' Eleanor drank her wine as if she had little to worry about from Carlisle's expected threats.
		'And so I have time to get the proof that I need.'
		'Quite so.' Eleanor remembered an important point when it came to confronting Harry's brother. 'You shall have my help on the strict understanding that you make no enquiries about Edward's claims concerning he and I. My perceived association with Edward is not to be discussed. I do not exist in your eyes.'
		'Agreed.' Helen ended there conversation as she picked up her wine cup and swallowed the remaining crimson liquid.
		'I hope it is agreed because if asked I will only agree with your claims about Christina and Edward if there is no mention of my association between he and I.'

During her carriage journey from Westgate House back to her temporary home at Carlisle's house she wondered what and when her next move would be. She soon hit on the idea of going to Oxford to search for anything that may have been written down by Rachel about what she claims to have seen in Yorkshire between Christina and Edward. The former home of Rachel would be a good start if she could gain entrance. Any failure to achieve this would mean a difficult journey to Yorkshire and confront Edward herself. Whilst all this appeared to be a sensible plan it presented her with one insurmountable problem – she could not make either journey across difficult terrain during the approaching winter and she would need escorts wherever she went.
 





















14. FRANCOISE'S ILL-JUDGED DECISION
December 1647

During the night of the fifteenth of December Françoise was taking part in an unusual delivery of contraband from Captain Le Fere's ship – unusual because they would not normally carry out smuggling in the depths of winter. They did so because the weather had been so poor off the Essex coast in October and November that Le Fere having been stuck with his cargo for weeks was keen to offload the contraband as soon as possible.

Françoise climbed aboard the French ship and met Le Fere on the deck where he took her hand and kissed it.
		'I am so grateful that you agreed to see me,' she announced, 'as you know I rarely come on board your ship......'
		'…..except in the docks of London.' He finished her explanation.
		'Quite so.' She agreed. 'But tonight I had need to ask you if all is well with my sister in Bristol?'
		'Christina?' He knew he was right. 'I was in Bristol last week and able to call upon her and Isobella. They are both well.'
		'And the baby?' Françoise accepted a cup of wine offered to her.
		'Due next month and a wet nurse has been arranged.'

Small talk took over until such times as Françoise felt she had exhausted her visit after which time she said her farewells to her French Captain, climbed down the side of his ship just like her sister Christina had years before, and headed for her beach and Jacob's home, which was also her home. Le Fere could not help but notice how carefully she climbed down the side of the ship, something he had never seen her do before. Later on in the early hours of the following morning Françoise gave her lover Jacob the news that he had not expected and neither had she, and had Le Fere heard it the fact would have explained the careful way in which she left his ship..
		'I am with child.' She half-smiled at Jacob next to her – half-smiled because of memories about what happened the last time she had been with child.
		'Are you quite certain?' Jacob quizzed her for the very logical reason that the two of them had thought that she could not carry a child after the catastrophe which overcame her the first time.
		'I have not bled,' she explained, 'and this is the second month I have not bled.' She finished.
		'Two months?' He tried to make the calculation in his head.
		'June of next year.' She completed the calculation for him.
		'Then nearer the time we must get you a wet nurse.'
		'No,' she shook her head, 'I have considered what to do and I have decided to go to my mother and sister in Colchester in the spring. They will look after me and find a suitable wet nurse.'
		'Colchester? So far away.'
		'Not all that far and in any case I will not have the child here in case our enemies attack us again.'
		'Eleanor?' Jacob threw the name at her and he knew her was right.
		'Yes and her paid assassins. I will not put my child – our child – in danger when it can be avoided.'

Françoise had no idea that her decision would very much put her and her child in danger – far more danger than any perceived by Jacob.










16. NEW LIVES – NEW UNREST
December 1647 January 1648

After months of looking out of Isobella's window at the nearby harbour Christina was relieved when she felt movement in her womb which told her to expect her child within hours. The monotony of staring out of her windows had only been broken by a recent unexpected yet welcome visit by Captain Le Fere. Christina had not received any news from either Carlisle about her situation when it came to Eleanor and so no news meant that she had for her own safety to remain in isolation in Bristol. She had not of course expected word from James because to the best of her knowledge he still did not know that she was not in France. And so for now the far-off mast tops from the docs had to remain her point of interest until such times as her baby made an appearance. And that time was fast approaching as the bed underneath the back and tops of her thighs became wet when her waters broke and she called out for her nurse to attend to her needs and reassure her that all was well.

It was the twenty fifth of December when her heavy breathing and straining finally resulted in the arrival of her daughter and through tear drenched eyes she set her sights on her little girl for the first time and a smile creased her face to wipe away the creases caused by so much exertion.
		'A fine girl,' her wet nurse announced after a quick examination of the child. 'And does she have a name?'
		Christina had to consider what name to give the child for all along she had imagined – and hoped – that the child would be a boy. 'Susanna.' Christina finally announced and such a decision had only come about because of the death of Susanna Richmond which would not have occurred had Eleanor and her paid assassins not been searching for her. Susanna was after all the one woman whom her friend and confidant and protector for so long had been in love with and lost. Giving her daughter such a name seemed only fitting in Christina's eyes and she knew that Carlisle would be pleased.
		'Susanna then.' Anne the wet-nurse finally agreed as she held the girl in her arms before handing her to Isobella who had just entered the room.
		'You wanted a boy?' Isobella knew she was right. 'A boy would have been an heir for James.'
		'Yes but she is not a boy.' Christina stated the obvious and it matters not for James and I are not wed and so I am only his mistress and a boy would simply be a bastard.'
		'In much the same way as his daughter will be?' Isobella also stated the obvious.
		'I am sure that he will love her when he meets her.'
		'Whenever that may be.' Isobella spoke the truth. 'He still thinks that you are in France and there has been no word from Carlisle about your situation were you to return to London, or Sutton Manor. In fact the only person who has visited you is a French Captain.'
		'And I thank God for that. He is a man who has protected me for so long even at great danger to himself.' Christina settled back in her bed and watched Isobella hand Susanna over to Anne ready for her first feed.
		'Well that may be.' Isobella gave in. 'But for now you must remain in my house here in Bristol where you are safe. Just because you are no longer with child does not mean you should take your own destiny in your hands and go to James' place to present his bastard daughter to him.'
		'I would never do such a thing.' Christina could not look her sister in the eye.
		'Well I know you well enough my dear sister so get such thoughts out of your head right now.'
		'Very well.' Christina lied just so that she could placate Isobella.

On the same day as Susanna was born many miles away to the east in London, Ipswich and Canterbury riots were taking place against Parliament's suppression of Christmas celebrations. A fact which would not have concerned Christina even had she known.

Far away to the east and many day's ride away at Warrick House Sarah was only a matter of a week or so away from giving berth herself under the watchful attention of her own wet-nurse and her ever-dependable servant and companion – Nan. It was the fifth day of January and the snow lay thick on the ground. The winter of 1647 was proving to be a very cold one which did at least give some peace to England and had the weather been milder perhaps the English countryside would have made some attempt at recovering from the heavy battering that it had sustained since 1642. The loss of crops, the loss of livestock and the loss of farm labourers building and equipment left a scene of devastation across the land. The women-folk of England had also suffered, they had been abused and raped, and sometimes more often than once with or without their men-folk to protect them.

During the night of the fifth Sarah finally gave birth to a son who she would call James – a son but not an heir for she was also no more than a mistress to James which made his son a bastard. She had had a hard labour which surprised her given that it was not her first birth. She had lost a lot of blood and when her son had been born and handed over to Nan who then handed the boy to his wet-nurse Mary, Sarah was ready to close her eyes but not before the mist which was sweeping across her eyes cleared enough for her to see little Rebecca. Sarah raised her right hand and beckoned Rebecca to approach her bedside. 'I have a son,' Sarah smiled. 'You have a brother – James.'
		'He is not really my brother?' Rebecca's innocence whispered.
		'No he is not but we shall treat him as such.'
		'Who is the father of the boy?'
		'Master James.' Sarah wondered to herself why she had not told Rebecca this before.
		'Does he know.'
		'He knew I was with child.'
		'Does he know the child has been born?' Rebecca narrowed her question.
		'No.' Sarah found the strength to shake her head, 'I am told James is in Oxford.'
		'You shouted a lot.' Rebecca appeared to change the subject although in fact she had done no such thing.
		'I was in a lot of pain. It happens sometimes.' Sarah excused her shouting and as she did so she struggled to answer questions from one so young.
		'Well I would be surprised if Master James had not heard you in Oxford!' Rebecca offered Sarah a warm smile and kissed her hand.

With that remark and that action Rebecca washed away all those times of argument with Sarah and refusing to speak English when she was unhappy. James' bastard son had brought a smile to Rebecca's face and wiped away all the frustrations that Sarah had felt towards the girl.





















17. HELEN'S FRUSTRATION
February 1648

In London Carlisle returned home weary from a day with his fellow army officers where it was more or less accepted that a new civil war was inevitable. He washed and then took food and wine with Helen, her existence in his house becoming more and more acceptable to him each and every time he returned home. Long gone were the days when he was happy to visit the one love in his life – Susanna Richmond who now lay in uneasy peace in Warrick churchyard. Since the day she died he had found that most women did not interest him but Helen was different, she had a fire about her and she was intelligent, and these were two attributes which attracted him to her and made him ignore the fact that she was the wife of a very powerful man – Edmund Seymour. He fought an inner battle with himself to not take her to his bed.

Carlisle swallowed the last of his first wine as he set his eyes on Helen whilst she read her book by the warming fire. 'I am weary Helen.' He admitted.
		'Weary of what?' She lowered her book to her lap and gave him her full attention, something which she always did.
		'Weary of London,' he continued to look at her, 'weary of this war which does in every respect appear to be raising it's ugly head once again.'
		'Perhaps you need a change of scenery?' She gave him some hope.
		'What were you thinking of?'
		'I was considering a move to Oxford, and calling in to see my brother on the way at Sutton Manor. The weather has turned rather mild and I thought we might make some use of it.'
		'What can there possibly be for you in Oxford?' He struggled to understand her need as he poured more wine for himself and a cup for her.
		'I would like to experience some social life and I have it on good authority that despite the King no longer living in Oxford there still is some social life there. God only knows there is none of it in London where we struggle even to see a stage play.'

Carlisle continued to stare at her as she sampled her wine. He could not know of course what her real intentions were and she certainly could not tell him for fear of him trying to protect Christina from anything that might be detrimental to her good name. 'You are right,' he finally gave in to her. 'I also have a need to visit Oxford.'
		'Why?' She sipped her wine and looked at him over the rim of the cup
		'I have a need to see how Oxford is faring without the king especially as another civil war appears to be on the horizon.' It was his turn to be less than truthful for he could not reveal his spying activities knowing that her husband had and would fight for the king.
		'And so we are agreed,' she smiled. 'For quite different reasons we must both make a difficult journey.'
		'You must be able to ride in the saddle – a saddle which needs you to have your legs on either side of the horse. We are unlikely to find a lady's saddle or a carriage in London these days.'
		'My dear Carlisle,' she laughed a pleasant enough laugh, 'how do you think I normally travel? I assure you that I am in every respect ready to spread my legs over my horse!' She drained her wine cup just as a young servant girl entered the hall with another jug of wine and some cold meat.
		'Then we are agreed.' Carlisle turned his attention to the newly arrived meat.
		'Where will I live in Oxford?' She watched the meat juices dip through his fingers only to be wiped away by his napkin.
		'At an inn that I know of, it goes by the name of “The Bird Of Prey”'.
		'A pleasant enough inn?' Her question amused him.
		'My dear Helen it is an inn in the heart of a war-torn city frequented mainly by war-weary Royalist soldiers who will be preparing to do battle with Parliament's forces once again!'
		'I take your point.' Helen could not possibly know how basic the place would be.
		'It may only be for a night or two. I will call upon a certain Master Cowpepper and see if we can arrange something better and more appropriate for a lady.'
		'I would be grateful.' She accepted the newly filled wine cup from Carlisle's servant.'
		'I am thinking of Rachel Hanover's house but more lately Christina's, unless it has been occupied by soldiers for there is nobody there any more who would use bribery to keep it empty.'

The following morning under a bright blue sky and a stiff breeze Carlisle and Helen made ready to abandon London and make their way to Sutton Manor on their way to Oxford. Carlisle had already formed an action plan in his mind which included leaving Helen in some decent accommodation in the city and returning to Sutton Manor for a night or two before making a final decision on a difficult journey to Bristol to see Christina and Isobella. He knew Christina would have given birth by now and it would enable him to bring her news back with him to Sutton Manor where he could tell James what the outcome of the birth was. There was certainly no chance of James accompanying him to Bristol because he was still recovering from the wound he received in Windsor Forest. 

As the February sun sank below the western horizon ahead of them Carlisle and Helen found themselves at “The Traitor's Rest” a place which he knew well. The look on Helen's face as she stared at the inn told Carlisle nothing – it certainly did not give away her memories of being bedded in the place by Ned.

		'A rough place,' Carlisle looked at Helen, 'but the food and the ale is good. The chambers are not quite so good I am afraid but it will serve our purpose for tonight.'

It wasn't long before the two of them were finishing their meal downstairs before retiring to their rooms for the night. And as they both washed down their food with a very reasonable wine Carlisle decided that now was the time to clear up the vagueness over Helen's intentions in Oxford.

		'Why are you going to Oxford?' He almost demanded of her. 'And please don't ask me to believe that it is for the social life there.' She looked into his eyes and considered lying to him before deciding that she simply had to trust him.
		'I have a need to search for information.'
		'Go on.' He encouraged her. 'You may find that I have a sympathetic ear and as such I may be able to help you.'
	 	'I think not,' she continued to examine his face, 'for you will not forgive me for what I am about to do.'
		'Try me.' His encouragement continued.

And so Helen began her explanation which began with her part in the death of Phillip Astle and the loss of the man as a means of providing the inflammatory information about Christina which would in every respect destroy what little remained of James' love for her.

		'I see.' He allowed the sorry tale to sink into his mind. 'And no doubt you did not or would not tell me this earlier because of my feelings toward Cristina?'
		'That is exactly right Sir.' She swallowed.
		'Contrary to what you might imagine,' he shifted in his chair, 'I can understand how you feel.'
		'I did wonder if I should tell you. I did not imagine that you would understand.'
		'So let me see if I understand your motives.'
		'Go on.'
		'You do not mean Christina any harm you simply want to cast a shadow over her suitability to wed James?' He sipped his wine.
		'That is about it yes. I do not mean her any harm and she is perfectly welcome to live in England or anywhere else for that matter. It is Eleanor who intends her some harm and always has done. All I want is the best for Sarah which does not include Christina spending the rest of her life with James.'
		Carlisle settled back in his seat and considered her proposal. 'I will take no part in your actions to discredit Christina. I will however take you to Oxford and see that you are safe but only because you are the sister of James. I neither support your actions nor do I condemn them.'
		'I thank you sir.' Was all that Helen could find as a reply which seemed to satisfy Carlisle.
		'And since you have been honest with me and trusted me to accept that there is no malice in you it is time that I trusted you.'
		Helen looked at him in a manor which gave him leave to continue.
		'When eventually we reach Oxford I may ask you not to call me Carlisle, but wait until I command it.'
		'Why not Carlisle? It is your name?'
		'Perhaps not when I am in Oxford, at least that was the case some two years ago.'
		'But not any more?' Her question was accentuated by her putting her head to one side.
		'I simply do not know.'
		'Well it is not at all like you to be so unsure.'
		'I am unsure because I no longer know the political situation in Oxford.' He could see from the look on her face that she deserved an explanation. 'Some eighteen months ago after the battle of Naseby Fairfax laid siege to Oxford following the departure of the King and soon after the city came under the control of Parliament's forces. I am not at all sure how many Royalists remain in the city and how resolute their support would be for the King.'
		'I do see your point,' she looked into his eyes, 'and I see why you are cautious.'
		'Pray tell me why you are in this state of dilemma? Tell me why you have two names?'
		'I have my reasons – reasons which you will not draw out of me. In Oxford I go by the name of Lancaster – John Lancaster. Be certain to always remember it?'
		'I will. I have trusted you with a confidence so now you must trust me to keep your identity as it should be if you order it so.' Helen ended that particular subject of their conversation. 'One thing more.' She threw her question at him.
		'Which is?' He swallowed more of his wine and cast an eye around  the place as if he was growing tired of her questions.'
		'I want to know the whole story?'
		'What story?'
		'Right from the beginning when my brother first met Rachel Hanover.'
		'Ah,' he smiled, 'to understand that I must go back further than when James met her.'
		'Please do.' She pushed her face closer to his.

And so Carlisle told her the whole story starting with finding Rachel outside her father's prison in London in 1641 and the strange occurrence of Rachel seeing blood before her eyes = blood which nobody else could see and it was the first of many such visions which she chose to call “episodes”. Carlisle was truthful throughout his telling of the stories about Rachel and about Christina – what he did not tell her were the smuggling activities of Françoise and the fact that Rebecca's mother was Rachel. He had been instrumental in keeping Rebecca's true identity a secret and he was not about to give way on the matter now in case the fact reached James. 

During late afternoon of the following day Carlisle and Helen found the outlines of both Warrick House and Sutton Manor as they came to the end of the first leg of their journey to Oxford. The ride had been anything but easy which was mainly due to the roughness of the roads which had been almost wrecked by the constant passage of various armies over the years. Despite the chill of the weakening sun both riders were ready for refreshments and of course a good wash to remove the dust and dirt collected on their journey.		 

		'You are travelling light?' Carlisle remarked as they made their way towards Warrick House, 'very light in fact for one who is intent on staying in Oxford for some weeks?'
		'I brought very little with me from Wales and so I hope that Sarah will aid me in my lack of gowns, we are of a similar size.'
		'Your clothing needs may be resolved if I find that you can live in Augustus House which was the former home of Rachel and Christina.'
		'You think there may be gowns which I can borrow there if Sarah cannot help me out?'
		'Well for quite different reasons both ladies left the house in a hurry so the place may still have a fine selection of their clothing.' He watched her nod an acceptance of his suggestion.
		'I see that we are heading for Warrick House and not James' house?' She abandoned the subject of clothing.
		'Which should suit your desire to ask Sarah about borrowing more clothing.'
		'Quite so Sir,' she smiled,'but I am quite certain that such a trivial item was not on your mind when you decided to ride to Warrick House.'
		'You know me well enough,' he returned her smile, 'I decided on Sarah's house because I am quite certain that I will find James there.'
		'Rather than at his own home?'
		'He was wounded badly in an altercation in Windsor Forest. I should know because it was I who wounded him. There is no better person in this land to look after him that Sarah Richmond.'
		'Ah so you agree with my desire for James and Sarah?' Helen thought she had caught him out.
		'We shall see.' Carlisle ended their conversation as his eyes fixed on the door of Warrick House and his acute hearing picked out the cry of a baby and Sarah came out to greet them.
		'Well,' she gave him a warm smile as he and Helen dismounted and made their way towards her, 'I had not thought to see you at my house again.'
		'Helen was in urgent need of an escort out of London, she is on her way to Oxford and I suggested that she might find her brother in your tender care?'
		'Well you were right to imagine that,' she allowed him to kiss her hand before she threw her arms around Helen, 'But why Oxford?'
		'I have need of a change of scenery.' Helen lied. 'I am bored with London and I have it on good authority that there might be some social life in Oxford.'
		'Quite possibly,' Sarah agreed, 'but I would not know now that I am nurse to James and a mother.' 
		'I heard a child cry out?' Carlisle removed his gloves.
		'My son – James' son.'
		'Of course.' He smiled. 'But not his heir?' He knew he was right.
		'No.' She shook her head. 'He is not James' heir but he does at least have the same name.'
		'Well,' Carlisle kissed Sarah's hand again, 'I must beg my leave of you. I will speak to James before I return to Sutton Manor for a good night's rest. I am of the opinion that Helen will stay with you tonight for she has, no doubt, much to tell you before we continue our journey to Oxford tomorrow.'
		'Very well Sir,' Sarah smiled, 'you will find James in his chamber upstairs. He is resting for his wound is taking much longer to heal that it should.'
		'Thank you.' Carlisle turned to go.
		'You have a good eye Captain.' Sarah watched him stop and turn to face her. 'Your shot was perfectly executed and almost took James' arm off.'
		'I am aware of that Sarah, and have regretted my actions ever since.'

Some minutes later Carlisle was back at Sutton Manor where he was confronted at the foot of the long staircase by Marian who still lived and worked at James' house.

		'Can I fetch you anything Sir?' she smiled as her pretty eyes fixed on him. 'Fresh wine? Food? Water for washing in?'
		'All three would be good and so I shall wash first if you could bring the wine and the water to my chamber?'
		'Of course Sir,' her smile would not go away, 'and will there be anything else that I can aid you with?'
	
Carlisle could not take his eyes off her. She was of course only a servant girl and so he had to be very careful with her nevertheless his face and hers were very close to each other. 'I will see you in my chamber.' He gave his order as she gave him a curtsey and as she did so her breasts were suddenly on full display below Carlisle's eyes. Carlisle found a distraction in the great hall in the form of a jug of wine and an empty wine cup which he took for his own and as the wine was stale as he expected he drank it anyway and made his way upstairs. Some minutes later the stale cup of wine in his hand and with his shirt removed he waited for Marian to arrive which she did with unnatural speed which he could easily mistake for eagerness. Marian placed the water by his bed and poured it for him but then did not make any move to go which did not displease him since he was perfectly able to strike up a conversation with her whilst at the same time consuming far more of the fresh wine than even he was use to. He washed and as he did so he re-filled his wine cup and offered it to her which she took and swallowed a good amount of the liquid and that she should certainly not have done since she was only a servant girl.

His experiences with Susanna, Christina and Isobella all flooded his mind. They were all ladies of course and Marian was not, nevertheless he was no less turned on my Marian's lack of pedigree and as the moments slipped by and he knew that James was living with Sarah where Helen would also be living, Marian excited him as much as any other woman had done and seemed not to be in any haste to leave him to his isolation.

When Carlisle tore off her gown with more haste than was usual for him he was not disappointed by what he found. She had a beautiful body and it was his for the taking since she wore nothing under the gown. It did not take long for him to have her on his bed in a position which they both found exciting and as he entered her the very fact that she was a mere serving girl appeared to make the encounter more pleasurable that he had imagined it would. He was both pleased and surprised when she helped him to enter her in a manner which told him that she was not inexperienced in such matters. She did not cry out when the two of them quickly became awash with satisfaction and her breathing became hurried and loud. Carlisle did not know and did not care what experience she had in such matters, but what he did know and was sure of was that as he pushed her legs apart he aimed to have her a second time such was the pleasure and satisfaction of his experience with her. There would be no sleeping with her as he had so often with Susanna and Marian seemed content to satisfy him and herself as often as he wanted before she abandoned him for the night to allow him to sleep the wine off. He had delighted in the softness of her breasts, he had been delighted when he had entered her so easily and he had been pleased when she had not cried out for that may well have alerted the rest of the servants.

The following morning, and with little or no embarrassment between he and Marian, Carlisle made ready to take Helen to Oxford through the countryside where long ago he had lost Françoise and sat by the roadside where he had contemplated his life up until that time. He stopped at the very place where he had rested in 1645 having sent Françoise back to Oxford – a journey that she never completed. Carlisle did not tell Helen why he had chosen such a place to rest because to do so would have invited so many questions from her about how he lost the French girl.

As darkness descended on a relatively quiet Oxford Carlisle found his way to “The Bird Of Prey” where he made Helen as comfortable as possible on seating outside which he remembered from so many years before. He found the place to be overrun with Parliament's soldiers which pleased him for he was dressed in the uniform of one of Cromwell's Horse and he could remain as Carlisle without the need to prompt Helen to call him Lancaster.

		'That lane over there,' he pointed over Helen's shoulder as he watched her eyes follow his hand, 'is where a good friend of James lives.....'
		'…..Ned?' Helen finished his sentence for him. 'Ned Carter – Captain Edward Carter.'
		'You know him?'
		'I do.' She smiled and as she did so she had no intention of telling Carlisle how intimately she had known Ned.'
		'Go to him if you need help, and should the occasion arise and you need my assistance Ned will get word to me.'
		'Thank you, I will.' She hid a smile as she remembered just how much assistance Ned had given her in the past. 'Is my time in this city to be spent entirely at this inn?'
		'Tomorrow we will speak to Cowpepper about finding you better accommodation.' He fell to silence as a serving wench put a cup of wine and a tankard of ale in front of them. 'And then we shall go about the business of introducing you to those members of society who enjoy the social life of the city and who would never be seen in a place like this.'
		'I shall forever be in debt to you Sir.' Helen placed a hand over his. 'I have much to do in Oxford not the least of which will be to find out from your Master Cowpepper what, if anything, Rachel wrote in her journal that may advantage me.'
		'You may find,' Carlisle drank some of his ale, 'that you will have to speak to Bridget Cowpepper on that subject.' He had no interest in asking how Rachel's writings may advantage her.
		'Why Bridget?' Helen was of the opinion that Master Cowpepper would know everything and so Carlisle had to disappoint her.
		'Because Master Cowpepper is not the man he use to be and much of his work has been passed on to his daughter.'
		'You know that for a fact.' Helen drank her wine but much more slowly than Carlisle drank his ale.
		'I do.' His words seemed to end that part of their conversation.
		'And will you be in Oxford for a while longer?'
		'No.' He surprised her. 'I will return to Sutton Manor tomorrow.' His thoughts turned to Marian.

The following morning Carlisle secured from Cowpepper the use of Rachel's house as long as she needed it and soon after Carlisle took her past Ned's house and on to Rachel's.
		'Only call on Ned if you feel the need.' He warned her. 'Unlike the house where you will live Ned is not a wealthy man able to bribe people in the right direction so as to prevent his house from being over-run with billeted soldiers some of whom are of an unsavoury nature.' He watched her nod an acceptance of his warning.

A few minutes later after negotiating their way through the wet sewage infested streets Carlisle and Helen reached what had been the home of Rachel and then Christina. A knock of intent on the front door soon brought a response in the form of Elisabeth – the same servant who had been so loyal to Christina when she lived there.

'Captain Carlisle?' She rewarded his with a smile and a short bow before allowing his entry followed closely by Helen. Carlisle made his own way into the Great Hall with Helen close behind him. 'My Dear Elisabeth,' Carlisle made certain of the girl's attention, 'you and I have not always seen eye to eye therefore I owe you an explanation by way of an introduction to my friend and to your new Mistress.' He watched the girl fix her eyes on Helen. 'I can assure you that all is well with Master Cowpepper who has agreed to Lady Helen living in this house for as long as she feels that it will be to her advantage.'

The next few minutes were taken up with a more in depth introduction and Helen's list of needs not the least of which was a change of clothing. It did not take long for Elisabeth to decide that she liked Helen and the fact that she was the sister of James made Elisabeth warm to her even more.

After a good meal provided by Elisabeth Carlisle said his farewell to Helen and made ready to leave for Sutton Manor. He had Marian on his mind and he was keen to see her again and he was equally keen to say farewell to an Oxford which no longer suited any useful purpose for him. Oxford was now in the hands of Parliament and he supported them so there was no useful gain in him staying in the city. He made a final call on Matthew Cowpepper where he was pleased to see Bridget once again which did at the very least allow him an opportunity to warn her that Helen Seymour was very likely going to call upon her for some information about Rachel's journal. Carlisle's final act that day was to ask Bridget and Master Cowpepper to give all the aid he could muster to Helen and her inevitable questions. 

Some hours later Carlisle found himself in the exact spot where in 1645 he last saw Françoise before she disappeared and as he thought about Françoise he could not help but reflect on the ease with which he bedded her and that in itself simply made him think of Marian and a need to see her again.

It had been Christina who had persuaded her sister Françoise to ride to Warrick House and leave an incriminating document hidden at the property. The document had been one of the documents which he and Christina stole from the King's personal belongings at the battle of Naseby – a document which carried the King's seal and signature. The aim had been to get the Royalists to find the document and so arrest Sarah for having it in her possession. And by so doing Christina would have succeeded in gaining her revenge for Sarah's complicity in Rachel's arrest and execution. And it was in this same spot and at the same time that Carlisle had contemplated using his estate in Essex as a hiding place for Christina but all he had achieved by that had been to get Christina to safety in France and to see the one woman whom he had loved – Susanna – killed. As his mind drifted back to the present Carlisle gave up thinking of times gone by and licked his horse into a canter in an easterly direction towards Sutton Manor.





























18. HELEN'S SEARCH
The same day.

At about the same time as Carlisle was kicking his horse into action on the London Road Helen made her way to the good offices of Master Cowpepper with the specific intention of speaking to Bridget Cowpepper about Rachel Hanover's journal and what it might contain. Helen had stopped off at The Bird Of Prey for a large cup of wine to calm her nerves before confronting Bridget. This was not the first cup of wine that she had consumed for she had drained a similar size cup at the house which for now she was claiming as her home. She had not eaten breakfast, concentrating instead on meeting Bridget Cowpepper and visiting a long list of people who might be able to help her should Bridget not be able or refuse to assist he. Helen's list had been provided by Bridget's father through the hand of Carlisle for which Helen was very grateful.

Sitting opposite the striking pose of Bridget in Cowpepper's office was in every respect as difficult as Helen had expected it to be and it did not take long for her to realise that Cowpepper's daughter would only reveal what she felt comfortable revealing – or wanted to reveal.

		'I have need,' Helen began, 'to know if Rachel wrote anything in her journal about an incident which involved Christina Norfolk and her brother by marriage whilst she stayed at Henry Norfolk's Yorkshire estate some years ago.'
		'What kind of incident?' Bridget threw back the question which Helen had both expected and feared.
		'It is claimed.....'
		'….....by whom?' Bridget interrupted her with the sort of cross-questioning that she must have learnt from her father.
		'I would prefer not to say.' Helen watched the beautiful hands of Bridget pour two cups of something that resembled wine and pushed one of the cups across her desk towards Helen.
		'My dear Helen,' Bridget took a sip of her drink, 'you may well prefer not to say but if you expect me to be honest with you you are going to have to be honest with me.'
		'Eleanor York.' Helen's resistance failed her.
		'Ah,' Bridget smiled, 'The infamous Eleanor!'
		'You know her?'
		'I know of her. She was the woman who first adopted Rebecca before dumping her in a Paris convent. Are you familiar with the story of Rebecca?'
		'I am, and before you ask I have been sworn to secrecy about keeping the matter away from my brother.'
		'Very well,' Bridget smiled and drank more of her wine, 'it as as it should be. So what is it that Eleanor is claiming about Rachel and Christina?'
		Helen had to consider her reply very carefully because she did not want to admit to having Astle murdered she was, after all, talking to the experienced daughter of a legal man. 'Eleanor claims that Rachel also visited Henry Norfolk in Yorkshire....'
		'…..he is a very popular man.' Bridget interrupted and smiled.
		'It was not at the same time as Christina made her visit but Sir Henry's squire claims to have seen Christina bedded by his master's brother – Christina's brother by marriage.' Helen deliberately left out the fact that the same squire had also seen Eleanor bedded by the same man. She did, after all, not see any relevance to it.
		'And of what use would such evidence be to you?'
		'It would blacken Christina's reputation in the eyes of my brother James and he would settle instead for a life with Sarah Richmond.'
		'I see,' Bridget thought over the matter carefully, 'so there is no malice in you? You are not wanting to do Christina any harm? You are simply wanting to encourage your brother to wed Sarah Richmond?'
		'That is about it Yes.' Helen was relieved to get the subject over and done with. 
		'I would like to help you.' Bridget stared at Helen and gave her some hope which did not last. 'Such a claim may well be in Rachel's journal.'
		'May I see it?' Helen swallowed before taking some more wine.
		'No!' Bridget dashed her hopes. 'You see the journal is in a very safe place and the contents of the work are very personal to Rachel and to her family which for now is her half-sister Sarah until Rebecca comes of age.'
		'I see.' Helen could see her hopes fading. 'And where is this journal now?'
		'That I cannot say.' Bridget did not want to invite Helen to confront Sarah Richmond if she got it in her head that Sarah was in possession of the manuscript which she was not although one day she would be. And as the words left her lips Bridget could not help but think of the irony of the journal one day being in the hands of Sarah because Sarah was the one person who would benefit from the knowledge being made public.
		'Or you will not say?' Helen corrected her as she cast her eyes around the office having made up her mind that the journal must be in the offices of Cowpepper – a supposition which would prove fatal in the year ahead.
		'My father must do what is legal.' Bridget excused herself.
		'Yes I do see that.' Helen drained her cup and in the distance she heard the unhealthy cough of Master Cowpepper. 'I have been furnished with a list by your father of reliable people who may be able to help me further - people who knew Rachel when she lived in this city, in my house, before her death.'
		'My father always seeks to please.'
		'And so I can leave you today knowing that the information which I desperately want may be in Rachel's journal?'
		'It is a possibility.' Bridget smiled. 'Another drink?' She offered a jug to Helen's cup.
		'No thank you.' Helen put her hand over her cup because so far she had had three drinks and it was still the morning.

Helen Seymour and Bridget Cowpepper departed on reasonably terms as they said their farewells to each other. Helen had not got what she wanted but in an odd sort of way she had for Bridget had not denied the existence of the accusations over Christina being bedded by her brother in marriage. Helen now had to seek out the people on Cowpepper's list and if that failed to assist her then she would have no option but to go to Sir Henry's home in Yorkshire and confront him herself.

That afternoon Helen managed to get an audience with a woman who claimed to have been on social terms with Rachel Hanover. The woman's house was on the other side of Oxford Castle to the one which faced The Bird Of Prey. It took only a moment for Helen to establish that the woman was a lady of considerable wealth and would in every respect be of assistance to Helen.

		'Rachel Hanover was a very private lady', Anne Fenshaw began, 'yet after a few cups of wine she would not fail to be honest and open with me and I loved her for it.'
		'How open?' Helen asked as she followed Lady Anne into her dining hall which was roughly double the size of the one which she called her own.
		'Rachel was versed in many subjects, perhaps you could be specific as to what it is that you want to know?'

And so Helen had no choice but to ask the woman directly about Rachel's journal and about her intent to do harm to her cousin Christina. 

		'I know that she kept a journal, for what purpose I am not sure.' Lady Anne admitted. 'We all have secrets I am quite certain of that but why she would want to put those secrets in writing I am not sure.'
		'To do someone she hated some harm.' Helen was pleased with the wording of her question.
		'How?' Lady Anne took a seat by her fire and indicated that Helen should do the same.
		'By claiming that her cousin......'
		'…..the one she hated?'
		'Quite so.' Helen took a cup of wine offered to her – very good wine as it turned out. 'By claiming that her cousin was bedded by her own brother-in- marriage which would put a stain on her romantic prospects with another.'
		'I see.' Lady Anne thought things over in her mind. 'Well I can say without question that at no time did Rachel mention such a thing to me.'
		'You are quite certain of that?' Helen put her head to one side.
		'Quite certain. It is not a subject that I would forget.'

Helen felt a little deflated having got nothing at all from Anne. She thought carefully what her next question would be, or rather not what it would be but how to ask it. 

		'Well I thank you for your honesty.' She drank more wine. 'Did she, to the best of you knowledge, ever make a journey to Sir Henry Norfolk's estate in Yorkshire?'
		'Yes.' Lady Anne's reply delighted Helen. 'Early in 1642 when the better weather in spring allowed her to do so.'
		'And why did she make such a journey?'
		'That I cannot say.' And this was an answer that disappointed Helen and just about brought their conversation to an end after one final question from Helen.  
		'Did Rachel ever tell you what the outcome of her visit was? And with whom she had an audience?'
		'She did. She met Sir Henry, and Sir Henry's brother Edward, and Sir Henry's Squire, a certain Philip Astle.'
		'I see.' Was all that Helen could find to say for the information exactly fitted with what Rachel was claiming in her journal. 'Well I thank you for your time.'

And then the conversation ended and Helen found her way back onto the filthy streets.

During the rest of the day Helen made a number of other visits to equally distinguishable people but she learned no more about Rachel's activities. And so a journey to Yorkshire appeared in every respect to be her next move – but not alone, and not until the weather improved.


 



























19. THE WITCH-FINDERS OF ESSEX
Early March 1648

Some hours later and with a spring breeze building Carlisle arrived back at Sutton Manor to be greeted by a distraught servant telling him that Marian had been taken away by several man from Essex who claimed to be witch-hunters.
		'Who else have you told?' He made quite certain that he had her full attention.
		'My Master, over at Warrick House.'
		'How many men were there?'
		'Three I think. I did not see more.' She began to tremble.
		'You have done well to tell Master James,' Carlisle smiled. 'I must go and speak with him. The last thing I want is for him to go after them. He is not yet fully recovered from his wounds.'

Carlisle hammered on the door of Warrick House more out of politeness than anything else, a moment later he opened the door himself rather than wait to be admitted. He found Sarah staring at him.

		'Have you heard?' She asked him without any elaboration.
		'Yes, and on no account must James even consider riding after them. We know who these men are, the same witch hunters that Marian escaped from so long ago when I gave her sanctuary.'
		'I had heard that General Hopkins, the witch-finder was dead?'
		'So he is.' Carlisle seized on a tankard of ale that one of Sarah's servants offered him as he remained in her entrance hall. 'But his band of men clearly think that they still have work to do. I will go after them. Please tell James to rest and not come after me. I am better able to sort this out myself and I will make sure I return here with Marian.' 
		'I think not.' A familiar voice with his arm in a sling called out from half way up the staircase. 'You cannot do this thing on your own. I shall come with you.' James began to make him way downstairs.
		'You will not come with me.' Carlisle was sure of himself. 'I am persuaded that you will never recover from your wounds if you ride with me. I will be quicker on my own, and if you do not accept that I am right then I will shoot you in the leg and so you would be forced to accept that I am right.' He smiled.
		'Carlisle is right.' Sarah decided to have her say. 'You have a son and he needs a father and so you need to recover.' And with that parting comment from Sarah Carlisle kissed her hand and left her with his unfinished ale. A few minutes later he was on the London road in the full knowledge that he would be faster than Marian and her captors for she would make every effort not to co-operate with their demands.

The increasing winds were now joined by rain which accompanied Carlisle on his entire journey which he knew would take him past The Traitor's Rest. If luck was on his side he would catch up with the gang at that same inn for they would have to spend the night somewhere before continuing on to Essex. The constant rain soon began to turn the war-torn road into a sea of mud and as Carlisle avoided all the pot holes which he could see he satisfied himself that the conditions were probably slowing down his enemies more than they were slowing down him.

Thoughts of what to do when he caught up with Marian and her captors now occupied his mind. He certainly had surprise on his side but not numbers so he had no choice but to rely on his soldier skills which had served him so well since 1642. He was right to assume that he had surprise on his side for as he approached “The Traitor's Rest” he could see even in the gloom of early evening that Marian was being dragged to a barn which was close by the inn and he knew very well what fate she was about to endure.

It was hard to know who was the more surprised when Carlisle entered the barn – Marian, her captors or Carlisle when he set his eyes on Marian's nakedness. Although he had half-expected the girl to be stripped naked so she could be examined by the witch-finders, he was, nevertheless, surprised to see her in such a vulnerable state. The man who had his hands on her and therefore his back to Carlisle was the first to feel the wrath of Marian's saviour. The second of Carlisle's victims was the one who was behind her and holding her with one hand whilst his other hand was across her mouth presumably to stop her from crying out.

The musket balls from Carlisle's two pistols found their targets and in a moment Marian was free – free to wipe away the blood from her nakedness – blood from the man who had been facing her and now lay at her feet with half of his brains missing.

It wasn't long before the sound of the gunfire brought the remaining two witch-hunters into the barn – but only for a moment. As soon as they set eyes on their two dead comrades and Carlisle still holding the weapons which were now spent, the remaining two men took flight into the night. Carlisle followed them out of the barn, seized another loaded pistol from his horse, and fired with great accuracy at the two fleeing men. A smile washed across his face as one of the men fell to the ground either dead or in mortal agony – Carlisle didn't care which. The smile on his face remained as he re-entered the barn and his mind fixed on Marian who was already dressing herself again. He folded his arms around her and waited for her to stop shaking which she did after only a moment during which his feelings for her sent an air of relaxation through her.

		'Thank you.' She whispered as her lips touched his ear, 'I had given up all hope of seeing you again. I had given up hope of anyone coming to my aid. I had given up hope of living.'
		'Why had you given up hope?' His lips kissed her forehead and then her mouth.
		'Because I am nothing. I am a nobody. I am certainly not worth a chase across the countryside or a battle to release me. I am no lady, I am just a servant and therefore not worth the effort.....'
		'…..of rescue?' Carlisle knew he was right.
		'Quite so.' She fought back her tears. 'I am not worth the effort.'
		'To me you are and I will hear no more said on this subject.' He turned to find the landlord and a stable-boy behind him, no doubt they had responded to hearing the sound of musket fire. 'I regret to say,' Carlisle began his explanation, 'that four of your paying guests tonight will no longer be staying here.' He watched the landlord set his eyes on the two bodies by Marian's feet. 'There is another one down the lane and a fourth one on his way to Essex.'
		'Better not to give chambers to scum like these then?' The landlord smiled.
		'They were witch-finders,' Carlisle felt the man deserved an explanation, 'but I can assure you that this lady is no witch.'
		'This lady,' the landlord fixed his eyes on Marian, 'is lucky to be alive. Her captors had already talked of hanging her if they discovered that she had the marks, and of course they would have sworn that she had the marks even if she had not.'
		'You understand the situation very well. I could not have explained it more accurately myself.'
		'I have no time for such men.' The master of the house turned to go. 'I will prepare two of my best rooms for you tonight.'
		'Thank you,' Carlisle bowed, 'we will be with you directly once my lady has made herself more presentable.' He looked down at his victims. 'These miserable fellows.....'
		'…..you may leave them all to me,' the landlord smiled, 'I have men who will know what to do with their remains.'

Some minutes later Carlisle faced Marian across a table inside the inn with a cup of wine each for company.
		'Why do you treat me so?' Marian at last found the courage to ask her question. 'Why do you treat me as if I was other than a servant?'
		'Ah!' Carlisle smiled. 'A good question and one that I cannot answer.'
		'Why not?' Marian held a hand out to his.
		'I suppose it is because I have had many relationships over the years with those who would call themselves “ladies” and I find that they do not come up to your standards save for one – Susanna and I loved her very much.'
		'Susanna?'
		'Yes.'
		'The same Susanna who was shot when we were attacked in your Essex house?'
		'The same.' He nodded.
		'I knew of course that there was something between you and Susanna.'
		'There was more than that.' He cast his mind back to the times when Susanna was alive. 'And if she were not dead I am quite convinced that I would still be with her even now.'
		'And so you would not be with me?'
		'No.'
		'Tell me of her? How you met? Where you met?'
		'That, my dear, is a long story which some day I will bore you with.'
		'And what is it that you see in me? How do I please you so?'
		'I cannot explain it. There is something about you and I do not know what it is.'
		'I see.' Was all that Marian could find to say but she didn't see what he meant at all.
		'Tonight,' Carlisle decided to put her mind at rest, 'I will pay for two chambers but I only intend that we shall use one of them.' He remembered how fine a body was hidden from his eyes. 'I trust that my suggestion meets with your approval?'
		'It does Sir.' She smiled as her fingers slipped over his.
		'Tomorrow,' he looked at the back of her hand on his, 'I will take you to Oxford.'
		'Oxford? Not to Sutton Manor which is my home?'
		'Sutton Manor is out of the question. The fact that you were living there is known to the witch-finders. Remember one of them did escape from this place so they may well come after you again.
		'Why Oxford?' She put her head to one side as she threw her question at him. 'I have never been to Oxford, and where will I stay?'
		'I know a lady who is living there and she will take you in. She will be more than happy to have you as her personal maid.'
		'I see.'
		'It will only be a temporary arrangement you understand, until I can find a more permanent solution to your future.' He began to think of his small estate in northern France.
		'I will do as you say.' She smiled. 'Of course I will.'
		'Then we are agreed.' He met her smile with one of his own.
		'Will you be living in Oxford?'
		'No I have my duties with the Parliament to attend to but I will visit you whenever I can.'
		'And what kind of permanent solution can I expect?' Her brown eyes fixed on his. 'What is my destiny.'
		'That I do not know.' He lied as a plan began to form in his mind. 'We are still at war with the King and until we are blessed with peace once again none of us can think of the future.' He watched a look of worry crease her forehead. 'When the time comes you will be safe, that I promise you.'
 
That night Carlisle, as promised, did bed Marian and found her to be as satisfying as he had the first time he had taken her to his chamber. She responded in every way she knew how which pleased him and she even surprised him with some things which she had learnt from others whom she had slept with – relationships which were unknown to Carlisle. He did not ask questions and neither did she, and without such complications each of them bathed in the love and delight which the other offered and gave. 

During the third week of March Ned and two of his comrades called at Warrick House to discuss an urgent matter with James. It involved a planned escape by the King from Carisbrook on the Isle Of White. Ned had been summoned to ride to the south coast in preparation to receive the King after his escape and to escort him to a place of safety. It was deemed to be an honour for Ned and he so much wanted to take James with him but as he expected his friend had not yet recovered from his wounds and so reluctantly Ned made the decision to complete his task without him. As things turned out James missed nothing except for a very hard and uncomfortable journey to the coast and back again some days later when it was discovered that the King had failed in his escape plans. He had in fact got as far as getting his head through the bars of his prison window but his body would not follow.

 















20. A YORKSHIRE HOME
Late May 1648

Towards the end of a very warm May in Oxford Ned left Helen's side and made his way the short distance to “The Bird Of Prey” where he was soon confronted by Bridget Cowpepper who was not at all use to going to such drinking establishments.
		'Mr Carter?' She stood by his side and set her eyes on him as he drained his tankard of ale. 'Mr Ned Carter?' She persisted.
		'The same.' He was surprised to see a lady by his side.
		'My name is Bridget Cowpepper, I am the daughter of Master Cowpepper.' She threw herself on to the bench by his side 
		'I know of your father of course.' Ned felt and explanation was in order.
		'My father is not well and so I do much of his work these days, and all of his travelling.'
		'Well I am pleased to make your acquaintance.' He nodded his head.
		'I have been searching for you most of the day. I called on your house but you were not in residence.'
		'No.' He thought about his night with Helen and decided that it was his own affair not hers. 'And is this a social occasion for you or have you come to see me on some business?'
		'Business yes if I have your attention?' She watched his eyes wander to their left where a serving wench was stood.		'Yes you have my attention though I cannot think what business you might have with me.'
		'Legal business.'
		'A cup of wine then?' He held up one hand. 'I would prefer not to drink alone when in your company.'
		'Very well.' She smiled. 'Although it is not my habit to do so.'

A few minutes later when each of them were enjoying their wine despite Bridget claiming that it was “not my habit to do so” Bridget began her explanation and Ned listened as he knew he must. Bridget told him about the death of Ned's uncle at the battle of St Flagan on the eight day of May. The deceased – Robert Carter - had made it clear to an associate of Master Cowpepper that as the only surviving relative of the Carter family Ned should inherit Robert's large estate which was close to Whitby in Yorkshire. Ned's protestation that he hardly knew his uncle had no effect on Bridget for she was only doing what the law required and therefore she was not interested in how well Ned knew or did not know his Uncle.

		'Your house here in Oxford, is it your own?' Bridget asked a question which he was not expecting.
		'It is my father's house and he appears not to need it at the moment.'
		'And so you live alone?'
		'Not quite. The place, although modest in size is full of billeted soldiers.'
		'As so many are these days.'
		'It is quite remarkable how use to it one can become.'
		'Yes I suppose so, it would have been nice however if some of your house guests had not been quite so deaf when I hammered on your door before giving up my quest and cominh here. '
		'No doubt they were sleeping off a night of drinking.' Ned smiled. 
		'Well,' Bridget smiled back, 'you now have a bigger house which I understand is empty apart from a few servants who I am sure will be glad to serve you as much as they did their previous Master.'
		'Whitby you say?'
		'Not convenient I know.' Bridget threw a little humour into their conversation. 'But once you are settle there I am sure you will be more than comfortable. There is also money involved in your Uncle's estate so the running of such a large place will not be a financial burden on you.'
		'I see.' Was all that Ned could find to say.
		'And so you are a man of property,' she began to end their conversation, 'a gentleman of means with a place to call his own.'
		'I should go there and introduce myself.'
		'And one day you must take a wife and produce an heir so that there will be no complications as to who will inherit your lands when you are gone.'
		'You think of everything.' He drank some of his wine and watched her lips as she did the same.
		'We are in troubled times Master Carter, there is still a war going on and so there is danger for almost everyone so you should see to it that your affairs are in order.'
		'Well with the good offices of your father looking after things I am sure you will continue to look after my Uncle's property which, apparently, is now mine.'
		'You may count on our services Master Carter.' Bridget finished her wine and climbed to her feet. 'Unless you have any more questions of me I will bid you farewell and go about my father's business.'
		'Well I thank you for your time and should I have the need to ask for more information.....'
		'…..do not hesitate to call upon me.' She finished their conversation, accepted the bow which Ned offered her and departed.

As the sun began its descent into the western sky behind the Oxford rooftops Ned made his way back to Helen's house and waited for Elizabeth to open the door to his knock. Once inside he walked into the Great Hall and smiled at Helen who was already seated at her table with a plate of food and a jug of wine. He sat down next to her and she ordered more food and drink just for him. It did not take him long to tell Helen his news about a new home in Yorkshire the details of which appeared to please her.
		'Well Ned your news has come at an opportune moment for me for I have a need to visit Yorkshire myself.'
		'Why?' Her began demolishing his meal.
		'Now it is my turn to tell a story.'
		'Go on.' He washed down his meat with his wine.

Helen had no option other then to tell him about her experiences in London with Eleanor and Astle. She quite deliberately did not mention the fact that she had had Astle killed so lied that he had died and with him his secret. As her story continued she became more adept at not telling the truth. Her intention was to have Ned believe that she wanted evidence that Astle had lied and all that he had said to destroy Christina's character in the eyes of James was not true and the only way she could achieve that was for her to speak to Harry's brother Edward. She was convinced that Astle had lied and she was convinced that if anything had been written in Rachel's journal it was all lies. She could not of course admit that the opposite was the case and she was seeking information which would discredit Christina and so leave James free to wed Sarah. 

		'I see.' Was all that Ned could say after hearing her story. 'And so I am to be blessed with your company on my visit to Yorkshire?'
		'You are.' She smiled at him.
		'It will be a difficult journey, England is still at war and the country is in ruins.'
		'I know that and I am prepared to put up with everything that the journey might throw at us.'
		'You will have to ride. We are unlikely to find a carriage in Oxford and even if we did the roads would soon destroy it.'
		'I understand.' She had already known that from her journey out of the west country.
		'One thing more?' He felt a warning was required.
		'Go on?'
		'I have said the journey will be difficult, and so it will but it could be worse than that. If anything should happen to me you will be utterly alone and there are soldiers and vagabonds about who will do as they please with you.' He watched the concern wash over her face as she listened to him.
		'I know that and I accept the dangers.'
		'Then we can plan our journey together.'
		'When can we go?' She seemed to be unusually keen.
		'Perhaps tomorrow.'
		'After you have bedded me again tonight!' She smiled as she finished her wine and prepared to pour more into her cup.

And so Ned did bed her and she was as ready for him as she had ever been. He needed no encouragement for he had lusted after her for most of the day, and the manner in which her breasts almost fell out of her gown did nothing to quell his desire for her. 

The following day they left Oxford as planned and began a first day's journey of some thirty miles at the end of which they found what looked like a pleasant enough inn just to the south of Towcester. The ride had been just as hard as Ned had predicted it would be with the condition of the road even worse than he had imagined.
		'How much further?' Helen began as they ate a rather awful meal but washed it down with a pleasant enough wine.
		'About two hundred miles.' Ned smiled at her question as he fixed his eyes on her gown above her breasts – a gown which he would have to get use to for she had brought very little in the way of additional clothing and what she had brought had been carried on their spare horse.
		'Two hundred!' Helen really had no concept of long distances. 'Are you sure?'
		'Quite sure.' He nodded. 'When you have spent years riding with the army as I have you grow use to it.'
		'I suppose so, but two hundred miles?'
		'I can always take you back to Oxford if you do not feel that you are up to another week or more in the saddle.'
		'A week?' She thought hard about what she had let herself in for, she was, however, determined to continue. 'No we have come thus far and so we must go on.'
		'Good,' he smiled, 'it would be a very lonely journey without you.'

That night he did not bed Helen for she was too tired. She did make some moves towards him once they were naked in each other's arms but tiredness soon overcame her and so Ned forgave her as he watched her eyes close. Ned spent most of the night awake listening to the revelry coming from downstairs but no matter how loud the noise was Helen remained asleep. She was oblivious to both the noise and the uncomfortable bed which Ned's good money had paid for.
 
The following morning, after a cold breakfast, Ned and his weary companion rode north in the direction of Northampton. The journey was not a pleasant one for the sights they saw shocked Helen but to a lesser degree Ned. Six years of civil war had exhausted and destroyed England. Houses were derelict or burnt out, there were no crops or livestock in the fields and fences were either broken or missing. There were places where there should have been entire villages but death and ruins had replaced them. The two riders encountered far fewer travellers on the road than Helen had expected and those who they did come across were reduced to begging for whatever they could lay there hands on. The health of any individual that they found on the road was clearly very poor indeed and it was apparent that death was only a short time away for many of them. Ned was very careful about where he stopped to water their horses and always the place he chose was absent of any other traveller. Bodies, either decayed or part decayed, of humans and horses littered the roadside. No carcasses of cattle, sheep or pigs could be found and Ned could only assume that they had simply provided food for a hungry and in some cases starving England. What few graveyards Helen and Ned did pass were devoid of any recent graves and it could only be assumed that there was simply nobody left alive to bury the corpses of so many dead.

The sight of Northampton in the evening sun gave the two weary travellers some relief from the sights which they had seen on their journey for the town appeared in every respect to have some normality about it with chimney smoke indicating that there was at least some life in the town. The first inn that they came across was one such place and Ned decided that it would have to suit their needs this night for they were unlikely to find better if they continued their journey. 

Their second night on the road was not a comfortable one with the eyes of sick and injured strangers looking at Helen with intent in their eyes. The chamber that their landlord had offered them was fortunate to have a substantial lock on the door which Ned made good use of before leaving both of his loaded pistols by their bedside. There was not the slightest thought given to renting two rooms for the night because Ned could not accept that Helen might be safe on her own – lock or no lock on her door.

Before they retired to their chamber for the night Ned did in fact find one fellow who appeared to be far more friendly than any other they had encountered in the last two days. The man who Ned invited to join them at their table after he and Helen had finished a not very pleasant meal admitted to having once been a Parliamentarian soldier so Ned chose to keep his Royalist allegiance to himself. Northampton, according to their new-found comrade, had supported Parliament throughout the war and revealed in the statistic of having provided thousand of boots for Cromwell's army. The support that the town gave to Cromwell was perhaps one of the reasons why their friend had chosen to live there given his allegiance to Parliament. Northampton was also the place from where General Fairfax rode from to the Battle of Naseby – a battle which had caused so much pain to Christina Norfolk.

		'Where is our next stop when we resume our travelling tomorrow?' Helen asked as she lay in the arms of Ned who had deliberately not made love to her so that he could keeps his wits about him during the night in the very likely event of the lock on their door not being as substantial as it appeared to be.
		'Leicester, we may make it in one day but it is a distance of some thirty seven miles and if the roads are anything to go by after today we may take two days to cover such a distance.'
		'And after that?'
		'Nottingham, a little less than thirty miles distant which we should manage in one day.'
		'This journey is proving so difficult and so long!'
		'Yet you had every intention of coming with me.'
		'I know, and I will not give in now so please forgive my complaining.'
		'I already have.' Ned listened carefully to a sound which he thought he heard at the other side of their door. A few minutes passed by after which time there was no repeat of the sound so the two weary travellers fell into an uneasy sleep which gave them at least some rest for what remained of the night.

The following morning they began the next leg of their journey across wild peak district countryside which took them three days at the end of which they had completed another ninety miles. Their third night was spent at a very pleasant inn just south of Doncaster and the second night at a rough inn out on moorland before they set their eyes on York on third third day of travelling. By way of a pleasant enough change they found that they had a choice of inns where they might rest and for no reason whatsoever Ned made his choice of a place which appeared to have no name.

York fell to Parliament in June of 1644 and many of its important buildings were destroyed. The damage, however, was not as bad as it could have been for York Minster was left untouched no doubt on the instructions of Thomas Fairfax who was a native of the city.

With Whitby only another two days ride away to the north east they rested for their final night at an inn which was clearly in the most remote place they had encountered so far, in lay in the mist of the Yorkshire Moors. It was during their night's rest at this place that Ned caught an intruder in their chamber as Helen was preparing to climb into her bed. It was fortunate than she had chosen not to take off all of her clothing because of the cold. Ned had had no choice but to let off one of his muskets and put an end to the life of the intruder. The landlord of the inn appeared unconcerned by the incident as he dragged the dead man from their chamber as if the action was second-nature to him

With sleep difficult to achieve that night Helen began to think about her forthcoming conversation with Sir Henry and his brother Edward. Even though the matter had been on her mind ever since they left Oxford she still had no idea how she was going to question Edward on the matter of his claimed indiscretions with Christina and Eleanor. One thing was certain – she could not question Edward if Harry was listening. It was also clear to her that she could not mention Philip Astle in case the subject of his fate came up. In fact the more Helen thought about the task ahead the more she was not looking forward to it. Even the simple question of why she had ridden such a long distance to achieve very little would be very suspicious in Harry's eyes. And what would she do if Edward was not there? If she could only talk to Harry she would have to be very careful what she asked of him, and she certainly could not begin to suggest that she had heard of the supposed incident between Edward and Eleanor. Speaking to Harry alone would limit her questioning to Edward's bedding of Christina alone. All these problems were playing havoc with Helen's mind and she certainly could not turn to Ned for guidance without implicating Christina in her relationship with Edward, she did, however, discuss the reasons behind her Yorkshire journey with Ned as he lay in bed next to her and was pleased to have him involved and even more delighted when he offered her an explanation for Sir Henry.

		'I will simply tell Sir Henry that I asked you to come along with me to view my new property from a woman's perspective.' That is as plausible an excuse as I can find.
		'That is good enough for me.' Helen nodded before changing the subject. 'Do you know where Harry's estate is?'
		'I do.' He smiled. 'I made some enquiries at Master Cowpepper's offices and was told that his estate lies about twenty or so miles south west of Whitby on the moors.'
		'Cowpepper?'
		'He seemed to be the obvious choice since it is he who is handling the affairs of my deceased uncle and my inheritance.'
		'Of course.' Helen seemed to be satisfied over his answer. 'And where do we stay tomorrow night?'
		'Let us wait and see what kind of reception we get when we arrive at Harry's for that will determine what you and I do afterwards.'

Helen relaxed in the knowledge that the ever dependable Ned could be relied upon yet even that fact gave birth to another worry in her mind. If Ned was in the same room as her and Harry or Edward she would have to be even more careful with the questions which she asked without alerting Ned to the fact that she was seeking evidence which would destroy Christina's reputation in the eyes of James who was of course Ned's best friend. Helen need not have worried about any of her thoughts, however, for Ned was about to announce a decision which would take him away from Harry's house and so leave her to ask whatever questions were on her mind.

		'When we arrive at Sir Henry's place he may well invite us to stay the night which will leave me in a difficult position.' Ned had clearly thought about their situation.
		'Why?' She looked sideways at him as they found a decent enough part of the road where they could ride side by side.
		'He fights for Parliament whilst I am for the King - this you know already.'
		'And so?' She waited for him to continue.
		'And whilst I am not in my Royalist uniform the subject is sure to come up during conversation.'
		'Yes I do see that.' Helen agreed.
		'And that would make for an uncomfortable relationship between he and I whereas you will not suffer from such a restriction.'
		'A similar situation to that which existed between James and Carlisle as I understand it. And that did not appear to be a burden to either of them.' Helen pointed out the obvious.
		'This is not quite the same.' He brought his horse to a halt and waited for her to do the same. 'Carlisle was helping Christina for the sake of her and James.'
		'You are right of course.' She gave way. 'So what will you do? Where will you go?'
		'To my new estate of course, it is, after all, only half a day's ride away and it will only be noon when we arrive at Sir Henry's.'
		'But you will come back for me?' Panic suddenly swept over her.
		'Tomorrow noon at the latest. I would imagine that you will have exhausted your questioning of whoever your victims are by that time!' He smiled.
		'Yes I suppose you are right.' She returned his smile.

It was not going to be quite so straight forward for Helen for two unexpected surprises were awaiting her at Harry's estate.













21. HELEN'S WASTED JOURNEY
End of May 1648

The following afternoon the two weary travellers reached the gates of Harry's estate, and without any locks on them Ned and Helen were free to ride straight to the large imposing house set in the remoteness of the Yorkshire moors. The grey stone wall were littered with windows which were all small save for one which Helen could only imagine allowed light into the Great Hall. There was a cold wind blowing across the moors despite the fact that it was early summer and as they approached the house a bearded man made an appearance at the front entrance door and made his way towards them as they neared the house.

Unusually it was Helen who decided to do the talking as she took the man's hand and slid down from her saddle and Ned did the same.
		'We do not often have visitors here.' The bearded man welcomed them with a smile. 'And so you are welcome to our humble abode.'
		'I thank you Sir.' Helen replied as she wondered what he meant by “our humble abode”. My name is Helen Seymour – Lady Helen Seymour.'
		'And I am Sir Henry Norfolk.' He bowed before he kissed her hand. 'Is your husband by any chance Sir Edmund Seymour?'
		'The same.' Helen gave Sir Henry a curtsey. 'You know of him?'
		'He is well known.' Was all that Harry could give as an answer which gave no clue at all about how Harry knew Edmund. 'And this gentleman?' Harry held a welcome hand out in Ned's direction.
		'Edward Carter.' Ned took his hand and together they each offered the other a bow. 'I am on my way to visit my Whitby estate and Lady Helen here has agreed to accompany me to give me a woman's view on my new home.

Helen was more than impressed with Ned's explanation because he had cleverly avoided mentioning that his title was Captain and so the question of his allegiance did not arise at that time, and so she realised how perfect his plan to leave the place was going to be. He had also explained far quicker that Helen ever could the reason for her being with him.

		'We knew of course,' Ned continued his clever explanation, 'that your estate was nearby and so we took it upon ourselves to call upon you.'
		'Well you are welcome – both of you. Please will you come my way?' He led them into his house and then into the Great Hall issuing as he did so instructions to an elderly servant. 'And how do you know of me?' Harry threw his question at Ned and Helen was thankful that it was not thrown at her. 'There are so many places on the moor yet you came here?'
		'Some years ago I had cause to befriend a certain Lady Rachel Hanover who was a cousin of your wife Christina and so you and I are not entirely unknown to each other.' He watched Helen throw him a smile. 'As far as my Lady Helen here is concerned she had a brief encounter with a good friend of yours – Eleanor York.'
		'Brief?' Harry's tone of voice asked for an elaboration.
		'They met in London and became friends for a few weeks.'
		'I see.' Harry thought hard about Ned's reply whilst Helen could only marvel at such a clever response. 'I would prefer not to talk about Christina if you do not mind?'
		'If that is your choice Sir?' Ned gave him a small bow as an acceptance of Harry's request.
		
The ending of Ned's explanation could not have been better timed as a new and unlikely guest swept into the room.

	   	'I cannot begin to imagine why you are here in Harry's house?' Eleanor was as surprised as Helen was when they set eyes on each other. 'I never thought to see you again.'
		'I must confess to being as surprised as you are.' She greeted Eleanor with a touch of her lips on her cheek and Eleanor did the same. Helen's lips hovered by Eleanor's ear which allowed her just enough time for a few words which were not heard by anyone else. 'Do not worry I have not come here to ask any questions which will disgrace you in Harry's eyes.'
		'I am glad of it.' Eleanor saw no point in whispering her response. 'So what brings you to the wilds of Yorkshire?'

It was Ned's turn to greet Eleanor and to repeat what he had said to Harry about why they were in Yorkshire.

		'You must both stay here the night.' Harry called out as he closed in on Eleanor. 'Whitby is at least another twenty miles away.'
		'I will happily accept your offer of accommodation Sir.' Helen spoke for them both whilst at the same time excusing Ned from staying the night. 'Master Carter, however, has been plain with me that he cannot miss his appointment with a legal man whom he is due to meet at his new estate.'
		'Very well Sir,' Harry looked at Ned, 'then you must join us for a good meal and a drink before you go on your way.' 
		'Where is Edward?' Helen suddenly threw at Eleanor now that she had successfully explained Ned's predicament with a clever lie.'
		'Edward?' Eleanor allowed a fear of Helen's next question to wash over her face.
		'Yes Edward – Harry's brother.'
		'I am afraid my brother is not with us.' Harry answered Helen's question.
		'Not with us?' Helen was confused. 'You mean he is dead?'
		'Not dead,' Harry assured her, 'but almost. He was wounded at the Battle of St Fagans.'
		'Which is where?' Helen was still confused.
		'Wales. West of Cardiff. And so he is recovering from his injuries at his cousin's house close to the battlefield.'
		'He will recover?' Helen had seen the object of her visit taken away from her.
		'We think so.' Harry was optimistic. 'And when he is a able to travel he will come back home.'
 		'Oh!' Was all that Helen could find to say for in an instant all the questions that she might have asked of Edward would now not be answered, at least not yet. 'I am sorry to hear that.' She watched a smile sweep across Eleanor's face.'
		'Did you know my brother?' Harry asked.
		'I knew of him.' Helen found the only answer which she could give. 'Eleanor mentioned him when I called upon her in London.'

A few moment later Harry's servants served up a very good meal accompanied by ale and wine as Eleanor, Eleanor and their two guests talked on many subjects none of which fitted in with Helen's need for information. Ned's departure, however, would at last give her an opportunity to speak alone with Harry. Ned said his farewells to both Eleanor and Harry outside as Helen stood close by him and shivered as the ever increasing wind tore at her hair and at her gown. As instructed earlier Ned's horse was ready and waiting for him as he said goodbye to Helen in the most reserved way he could muster. He avoided any show of love between them and so he kissed her hand only as she smiled at him knowing that it was the only show of affection which he could allow her, and knowing as she did that he would more than make up for it when they were at last alone together. As soon as Ned was on his way to Whitby Helen decided that she must take Harry to one side and ask him questions which she hoped Eleanor would not hear - questions which she needed to ask otherwise her journey would have been a complete waste of time.
		'May I speak with you Sir Henry?' She watched Eleanor glare at her from a distance. 'Alone?' She added.
		'Of course.' Harry wandered a few paces from his house – a moment later Helen was by his side in an almost gale force wind.
		'You may or May not be aware Sir that Rachel Hanover is supposed to have written a journal?'
		'I have heard this yes. In fact there are many rumours on the subject of Rachel Hanover as I understand it.' He could not, of course, say how well he knew Rachel.
		'Did you or your brother ever know if Rachel Hanover wrote compromising accusations in her journal about your estranged wife?'
		'I have heard rumours, nothing more.'
		'And those rumour were?'
		'About my brother bedding her when she came here to stay.'
		'Bedding Rachel?'
		'Yes.'
		'Only Rachel?'
		'Good Lord yes. Who else could it have been?'
		'Nobody that I know of.' Helen lied. 'I just had to know.
		'Why do you ask such questions?' Harry made to go back into his house and out of the weather which was deteriorating at an alarming pace. He took Helen's arm and led her in his direction.
		'I have heard that Rachel knows of an incident involving your brother with other women some of whom had husbands.' Helen was deliberately evasive. Harry could only stare at Helen. 'And whilst I do not believe these lies to be true,' she continued, 'it would be painful for these ladies were the story to reach the ears of close friends some of whom may well turn their backs on the victims and so I am trying to disprove those allegations.' Helen was pleased to have asked her question without mentioning any names other than Rachel.
		'Unless the journal is found and Rachel was telling the truth?' Harry suggested.
		'Or she lied when she penned such allegations.'
		'And where is this journal?'
		'That I do not know.' Helen admitted.
		'I think you will find,' Harry had a clever reply, 'that Rachel is not so innocent in this matter as you might think.'
		'How so?' She and Harry reached the warmth of his house.
		'I think you will find that it was Rachel, and Rachel alone, who was bedded by my brother!'
		'You know that for certain?'
		'I do not but why else she would write such accusations if they were lies?'
		'It might be that Rachel wrote such lies as her way of relieving the guilt that she felt after Edward bedded her?' Helen had the perfect reply,
		'To point the blame in another direction?' Harry rubbed his chin.
		'Quite so.' Helen ended their conversation knowing that she had achieved very little.
 
A few moments later Helen and Harry were back in the warmth of the house where full cups of wine awaited them – and so too did Eleanor.

As darkness washed away the daylight and the howling wind increased there came a time later in the evening when Eleanor found herself alone with Helen.
		'Did you find out what you wanted to know during your conversation with Harry?'
		'No not really.' Helen made light of Eleanor's question.
		'What did you talk about? Or should I not ask?'
		'I asked him about Rachel's journal.' Helen so no point in lying.
		'You did what?' Eleanor was astonished.
		'I asked him what he knew of Rachel's journal.' Helen watched a look of shock wash over Eleanor's face. 'Oh do not worry my dear Eleanor, you are quite safe. I did not mention your name or Christina's name and, I might add, the name of Phillip Astle.'
		'I am glad to hear it.' Eleanor swallowed before fixing her eyes on the wine.
		'And so our conversation was rather meaningless.'
		'How was it meaningless?' The wind caught an open door somewhere in the distance but Eleanor ignored it.
		'I am still left with the matter of finding Rachel's journal for without it we know not what is true and what is a lie.'
		'I am just as eager to find this journal as you are. Make no mistake.' Eleanor seized on the wine and offered one to Helen. 'And so if ever you find that you have need of my help in this matter then you must call upon me. I shall be back in London within a month or two.'
		'Well I do not relish your journey south. For my part I found the whole thing quite awful and that was only from Oxford.'
		'I do not make the journey overland.'
		'There is another way?' Helen was keen to know it.		'By ship from Whitby.'
		'Of course,' Helen sipped her wine, 'So much mire civilised I would imagine.'
		'Yes it is.' Helen also drank her wine. 'But not so convenient for you for I only have to journey to London, you would have the added inconvenience of making your way from London to Oxford.'		
		'A small matter when the bulk of the journey is completed by sea.' Helen thought about asking Ned if she could go home by sea. 'What will you find to do with your time before you go back to London?'
		'Oh I have much to occupy my mind.' Eleanor smiled as she looked into her wine cup. 'I still have the small matter of Christina to bring to conclusion.'
		'And how will you do that now that she is not in England?'
		'You think not?' Eleanor's reply confused Helen which made her sip more of her wine. 'I have my spies.....'
		'…..ah yes,' Helen interrupted her, 'I understand that Christina encountered them in France.'
		'Quite so.' Eleanor dismissed Helen's statement. 'That time she escaped but she will not escape a second time.'
		'What do you mean?'
		'My spies have done well and they tell me that she is not in Orleans, Paris or in any of the French ports.'
		'Dear me.' Helen spoke sarcastically and accompanied her words with a smile. 'Your spies have been busy.'
		'They have and they also tell me that she is not on the coast of Essex which surprised me little for she would be rather foolish to go back to the place where she was almost killed.' Helen listened carefully and waited for Eleanor to make her point which she did rather quickly. 'Of course she would not dare to go to London so we have made some enquiries in Bristol,' she watched a certain amount of fear wash over Helen's face, 'and we find that Christina has a sister in that city.'
		'And so she is in danger if she is in Bristol?'
		'I have not come so far as to fail at the final hurdle.' Eleanor gave the answer that Helen had not wanted to hear, and there was more. 'Not only is she in danger but so too is anybody who may be hiding her or helping her, and there is another matter which is causing me some discomfort.'
		'Have you not got got trouble enough already?' Helen was getting rather tired of Eleanor's scheming.
		'No. It concerns the matter of my daughter.'
		'Your daughter?' Helen threw her head to one side in an attempt to ask for for information.
		'Rebecca!'
		Helen swallowed as the name of Rebecca fell from Eleanor's lips for the matter of the little girl had completely gone out of her mind. It appeared that there was more evil in Eleanor than she had thought possible.
		'Rebecca?' Was all that she could find to say.
		'An English girl whom I adopted when I lived in France.' She wasn't sure how much of this Helen already knew. 'We have made some enquiries and find that the girl is no longer in the convent where I left her when I could no longer look after her.' 
		'You have me at a disadvantage,' Helen decided to plead ignorance over the matter, 'I have not the slightest idea who you are talking about.'
		'Oh I think you have.' Eleanor finished her wine and made to pour another cup before filling Helen's cup to overflowing so that it ran over her hand whether by accident or design. 'She was Harry's daughter and in the circumstances I felt it my duty to adopt the girl.'
		'Until she became an inconvenience to you?' Helen made her accusation which she knew would hurt Eleanor.
		'Enough of this.' Eleanor shook her head. 'Despite our differences we appear to get along well enough you and I, and in any case we must work together to find Rachel's journal although we have quite different reasons for doing so.'

Helen was left cold after their conversations. She knew she had to get back to Oxford, or London and find Carlisle for he must be told about Eleanor's knowledge of Bristol and of Christina's sister. The matter of Rebecca would have to wait for she had no idea what to do about it.

The experience at Harry's house had been difficult for Helen. She had not managed to speak to Edward and she had not been able to speak to Eleanor as she would a friend. And whilst her and Eleanor were not exactly enemies they were fairly close to being so with the only thing they had in common was a united desire to find Rachel's journal. But there the similarity of their intentions about what to do with the journal ended. Once found – if found – Eleanor wanted the journal destroyed to save her own reputation whilst Helen wanted to use it to discredit Christina in the eyes of James so that he would turn his attention to Sarah. And if they didn't find the journal Eleanor would content herself with destroying Christina whilst Helen simply wanted Christina banished from England for the rest of her life.





22.  ESCAPE FROM BRISTOL
June 1648

After a brief stay the following day at Ned's new estate, and a full explanation by her to him of what Eleanor was planning, Ned promised to make arrangements to put Helen on a ship out of Whitby bound for London whilst he made his way overland back to Oxford. She had told him that the journey back to Oxford was filling her with terror. Not only had the ride been painful but the sights which she witnessed of an England and its people destroyed by civil war was not an experience she was prepared to suffer again.
 
		'I am afraid that I have been of little use to you Ned when it comes to the matter of your estate. The place is nice enough but my mind is elsewhere.'
		'Think nothing of it, you have Christina on your mind and that does not surprise me.' He was pleased to see a smile crease her face. 'And once you are in London you must get help from Carlisle and if he is not there than you must call upon Christina's brother Robert for he is sure to help you. You must not attempt the journey from London to Oxford alone.

Helen's mind was in turmoil. Whilst she had no intentions of going to the aid of Christina she certainly did not want the woman arrested and killed. She still had the matter of Rachel's journal to find and hopefully discredit Christina's character in James' eyes, but she did not want the woman dead.

		'What place of safety is there left for Christina if Eleanor's spies have invaded Bristol.'
		'Carlisle will know.' He fell quiet for a moment whilst he considered his options. 'If it were up to me I would take her to Colchester.'
		'Colchester?'
		'It is not as unusual a suggestion as you might imagine. The place is loyal to Parliament and so Royalist soldiers would not be welcome there although it is hard to imagine where the greatest threatlies – with Parliament or with the Royalists for both factions have reason to do Christina much harm. There is another reason for my settling on Colchester which is that Christina's mother lives there with Christina's Aunt?'
		'I see. ' was all that Helen could find to say. 'Well I bow to your superior knowledge and advice.' She allowed him to take her hand in his and kiss it which made her look forward to him bedding her once again.

Helen's journey south and into London was pleasant enough and whilst the Captain and crew of the ship which was giving her passage were unknown to her she took a dislike to the Master of the ship and he to her. The weather was fair with no storms to contend with and a favourables wind which aided their southerly voyage. Although the weather had been pleasant enough Helen was not acclimatised to sea voyages and as such her stomach was in turmoil from the heavy swell which persisted for most of her journey. She was, however, very glad of the more peaceful waters of the Thames estuary, and even more pleased when her ship berthed in London. Journeying to Oxford by way of London had one distinct advantage for Helen in as much as she would be able to discover if Carlisle was at his London home and so it turned out to be a wise move.

Hammering on Carlisle's door in the heat of the summer after a long sea voyage was not making Helen feel at all comfortable and so she was rather glad when the door was eventually opened and the servant declared that her master was in residence

Following a very good cup of wine but no food for her stomach was still suffering from her sea voyage, Helen explained all that had happened to her in Yorkshire and the peril that she considered Christina was in.

		'None of this surprises me.' Carlisle re-filled her cup and poured one of his own. 'Ever since the day when Christina almost died in an inn on the French coast I have always known that Eleanor, with or without Harry's assistance, would be a threat to her no matter where she was hiding.'
		'What can we do to protect her?'
		'Well clearly she cannot remain in Bristol and so I would smuggle her out of that city by ship which would be by far the safest way for her.'
		'And take her where? As I understand it Eleanor has her spies in France and London.'
		'Well a return to France is now quite out of the question.'
		'Why?' Helen wrinkled her forehead.
		'Because I have learnt of a new threat to Christina which comes from Royalist Continental sympathisers in Europe who have found out that Christina was involved in stealing the King's papers at Naseby. It takes very little imagination to work out how they might know that.'
		'Harry?'
		'Yes. And perhaps Eleanor. Remember it was Harry who was at Naseby and instrumental in her arrest at the battle.'
		'Then where can she go? Is anywhere safe for her?' The wrinkles deepened on her forehead.
		'Jacob's house in Essex.' Carlisle had already made up his mind.
		'And who is Jacob?' She listened whilst Carlisle explained his relationship to Jacob and Jacob's relationship with Françoise. 'But as I understand it Essex is also not safe for her?'
		'You are right of course but I would not leave her at Jacobs house.'
		'Colchester then?' Helen suddenly remembered what Ned had suggested.
		'Yes.' Carlisle rubbed his chin as he drank more wine. 'You know nothing of politics or war so why do you suggest Colchester?'
		'Because my good friend Ned advised me.'
		'I see.' Carlisle smiled as he nodded. 'Well I must agree with his logic.'
		'Ned claims that the people of Colchester support Parliament?'
		'They do but that is not to say that the place would not become a haven for escaping Royalist soldiers.' 
		'So complicated.' She shook her head and was rather glad that she was not versed in politics.
		'It is not a place that Eleanor or Harry would even consider we should go to and that must be the reason why I will take her there as we are running out of other options.' He watched for some reaction to wash across her face.
		'Yes I do see your reasoning.'
		'And we can easily reach the place since it is only a day's ride from Jacob's house.'
		'And so we take Christina to a place where she could be in danger but will not be so since that danger will be her salvation?' She watched Carlisle nod.
		'It will.' He smiled at her and was delighted with her reasoning.
		'And Christina's mother lives in Colchester and has done so ever since she became a widow.'
		'None of this came from Eleanor's lips? Because if it did then we are in trouble and I have misjudged her.'
		'God in heaven no!' Helen was quite shocked that he should suggest such a thing. 'I have spoken only to Ned on this matter and to no other.'
		'I am pleased to hear it.' Carlisle sat back in his chair.
		'So what is our next move?'
		'For you – nothing. You would aid me in my mission if you would return to Oxford and ensure that Marian is not in any danger.'
		'Is that all?'
		'It would mean a lot to me. Meanwhile I will find a ship which will take me to Bristol where I can extricate Christina from what is fast becoming a trap for her.'
		'And who will escort me to Oxford? Ned is still on his way south from Yorkshire.'
		'We will speak to Robert Hanover tomorrow and hope that he is able to arrange an escort for you. As the brother of Christina and one who will soon be aware of how much danger she is in, he will not refuse to do this one good deed for me.'

And so it was that Carlisle and Helen called on Robert the very next day and they were both surprised and delighted that he was in residence. Carlisle explained all that he dare about Christina and was pleased that Robert would accompany Helen to Oxford himself. And then Helen threw in a question which had been troubling her for some time.
		'Why has Harry simply not divorced Christina?'
		'Dissolving a marriage,' Robert had his explanation, 'is remarkably difficult in England. Both the church and Parliament are reluctant to grant it.'
		'Annulment then?' Helen tried a different approach as a servant offered her a cup of wine before doing the same to Carlisle and Robert.
		'Even worse!' Robert knew the way of the church. 'The church will not easily grant an annulment for that would be declaring that the marriage was never valid in the first place.'
		'And even if the marriage were to be dissolved,' Carlisle had his say, 'there is no guarantee that Parliament will hand Christina's properties over to Harry.'
		'But I thought that women were not able to inherit property?' Helen clearly knew very little about the matter as she sipped her wine.
		'That is true.' Robert agreed. 'Woman are entitled to almost nothing.' he watched as Helen took in his advice. 'And in any case, and I think Harry may know this, legally Christina does not own any property.' 
		'I thought she did? Her estates in France and Yorkshire?'
		'Are owned by my late father who was happy to allow Harry and Christina in better times to occupy them.'
		'But your father is dead?' Helen tried to make sense of a subject which she knew almost nothing about.
		'Since women cannot inherit property, and because I am the only son, all of those lands which have been occupied by Harry and Christina are legally mine.' Robert sat back in his chair and wondered what he was going to do with the properties.
		'Does Harry know this?' Helen threw back at him.
		'I would be surprised if he did not, which is why he and Eleanor want Christina dead or arrested and executed.'

And there the subject ended with them all in no doubt about the seriousness of Christina's predicament.

After much small talk about the war Carlisle abandoned Robert's house and made his way to the docks where he found a ship which was ready and able – at a price – to take him to Bristol. Carlisle was a little disappointed that the ship was much smaller than Le Marseilles the only ship which he had grown use to. In fact his chartered ship was not much larger than a cutter but in the circumstances Carlisle had to accept that it would have to do besides which the size of the ship was such that it could sail quite close to the coast if danger should present itself. There was one other aspect of the ship which Carlisle was happy with – the vessel was from Bristol and its Master knew the city so well that he would easily be able to find Isobella's house. Carlisle set a smile on his face when he read the name of the vessel as he abandoned the ship to collect some things he needed from his house - the name of the vessel was “The Bristol”.

On his return home he was able to pass on his good news about his travel arrangements to Helen and her Captain was familiar with the city of Bristol. Whilst this was certainly good news for Helen she still had worrying thoughts filling her head. With the recent conversation about the difficulties arising from Harry attempting to divorce Christina Helen now knew how much trouble both herself and Christina were in. Christina risked arrest and possible death from Parliament or certain death from an assassin who would be in the pay of Eleanor York. And then there was the small matter of Rachel's journal which would be a very attractive prize for Eleanor on two counts. Firstly it would blight the character of Christina to such an extent that James would abandon her and secondly if there was anything in the journal about Eleanor being bedded by Harry's brother then Eleanor could tear out the offending pages and claim that they never existed.

The following day Carlisle boarded his ship and the vessel set sail for Bristol in a heavy sea. During the journey Carlisle was able to explain his plans to his Captain in the privacy of his cabin at the stern of the ship. Captain Brunel appeared to sympathise with Christina's predicament which put Carlisle's mind at ease.
		'I must warn you,' Carlisle felt that an explanation was required, 'that you may be in danger if it is found that you have helped us.'
		'No Matter.' Brunel began to open a bottle of wine.
		'Are you familiar with the coastline around Foulness Point?' Carlisle advanced his plans.
		'Essex?'
		'Yes. Specifically Wakering Stairs?'
		'I am.' Brunel filled two cups of wine.
		'I am of the opinion,' Carlisle assembled plans in his head, 'that we cannot take Christina out of Bristol alone for the threat from Eleanor York has been directed at anyone who has aided her.'
		'Are you advocating a number of passengers?' Brunel struggled to find how he could accommodate more than one additional person.
		'Two plus a child.' Carlisle watched for a reaction on Brunel's face.
		'And do I take it that these passengers are to be put ashore at Wakering Stairs?'
		'Only Christina.' Carlisle watched his Captain open a trunk and take out a chart. 'Christina is in the most danger for obvious reasons and cannot, therefore, be seen in London. I would advocate taking the others including the child to London where I have horses and a good carriage. Their eventual destination is to be Colchester and I cannot be sure to find horses and a carriage at Wakering.'
		'And so,' Brunel looked carefully at his chart as Carlisle joined him, 'at a time to be agreed I will put this Christina shore where you will take her off my hands?'
		'That is my idea yes.'
		'Why Colchester?'
 
For the next hour or so Carlisle explained in some detail everything that had happened since 1641 up to the present day which included the fact that Christina's widowed mother lived in Colchester and the city was in Royalist hands. Brunel appeared to understand every aspect of the story and as such Carlisle had every expectation that his man would carry out his task to the best of his ability and more importantly Christina would be safe in his hands.

There was an interesting moment when the ship passed Portsmouth and Plymouth and Brunel called Carlisle to the rails of his ship and remarked that on the return journey he intended to give a wide berth to both ports. He was not comfortable with being in sight once he had the two women on board just in case the Parliament controlled navy were to learn that one of the two women was Christina Norfolk. Brunel correctly argued that if Harry and Eleanor could have paid assassins on land then there was nothing stopping them from having the same on board one or more warships.
 
A few days later Carlisle set foot on the dockside in Bristol and his new found colleague, the ships Master, led him to what would turn out to be Isobella's house. Captain Horatio Brunel was perfectly at home in a city which was alien to Carlisle and it wasn't long before the two of them stood before a large imposing building which Brunel claimed matched the address which Carlisle had given him.
		'Captain Carlisle and Captain Brunel to see your Mistresses Isobella and Christina.' Carlisle introduced himself to an elderly servant woman who had opened the door to them. 'We are friends and they will be pleased to see us.'

Once inside Isobella's house a mixture of emotions occupied Carlisle's mind as he took Christina's hand in his, kissed it and bowed to her. He was pleased to see that she appeared in every respect to be well which is what he would need of her for the journey ahead. He then took Isobella's hand in his and gave her the same greeting as that which he had given to Christina. His feelings for Isobella, however, were somewhat different to those that he felt for Christina because his mind could not help but reminisce about the time he bedded Isobella to her obvious satisfaction. A moment later Captain Brunel had been introduced to the two ladies who appeared to take kindly to him.

After meeting Christina's daughter, Susanna, for the first time Carlisle was introduced to the child's wet-nurse, a woman called Dorothy who was of large proportions which made his choice of taking her off Brunel's ship in London Docks a good one. He could not imagine the woman climbing down the side of the ship off the Essex coast.

That evening after a good meal had by all four of them Carlisle began his long story about all that had happened since had said farewell to Christina on Le Fere's ship before her voyage to Bristol and, at the time, safety. Christina and Isobella appeared to shown little surprised at the vindictiveness which had occupied Eleanor's mind since her attempt to have Christina killed in Essex in 1647. Carlisle's plans to take Christina and Isobella back to Essex were met with gratitude by both ladies for in the circumstances there was little else that he could have done. Christina offered some concern that she was not to be taken off her new ship in London rather than the dreadful prospect of once again climbing down the precarious side of a ship off some remote beach north of Wakering. It took only one look on Carlisle's face for Christina to realise that she could not possibly be seen on land in London even though to the best of Carlisle's knowledge Eleanor was still in Yorkshire. Eleanor had spies and they appeared to be everywhere. All during this conversation Captain Brunel was happy to stretch his legs by pacing around the room and occasionally looking out of a window which gave him an excellent view of the harbour and his own ship. So close to the port was Isobella's house.

The next day the small party boarded “The Bristol” and Brunel skilfully took her out of the harbour and down the channel. The weather was kind to them with hardly a swell to bother any of the passengers. In fact the sea was so calm that Christina and Isobella were able to spend some time at the ships port rail watching the skyline of south west England in the distance. Dorothy of course was occupied in Brunel's cabin with looking after the child Susanna which she was perfectly happy to do.

After picking up supplies from Poole which Brunel considered to be safe as it was a commercial port rather than a naval base, the “Bristol” continued her voyage along the south coast towards the English channel before turning north east towards the Thames estuary.

Carlisle had gone over his plans with Christina and Isobella a number of times so that they were comfortable with what he had arranged. And it wasn't long before Christina asked her inevitable question of what his long-term plans were for her safety.
 
		'I cannot simply live in Colchester for the rest of my life.' She set her eyes on Isobella. 'We cannot spend the rest of our lives in Colchester. Besides Isobella has a husband to return to.'
		'I would not set store on that assumption.' Isobella remarked. 'I think my husband would be glad if I he never saw me again!'
		'Well!' Christina stared at her sister. 'Be that as it may I cannot be absent from James for the rest of my life and he has a daughter who he has yet to set eyes upon.'
		'We have a number of alternatives.' Carlisle announced for clearly he had been giving the matter some considerable thought. 'I have a small estate in northern France which we could use if and when Colchester becomes unsafe for you.'
		'I will not return to France!' Christina was quite set in her mind, 'Even though it is my own country. I need to be able to spend my life with James and Isobella needs to return home despite what misgivings she would have us believe.' She stared at her sister again. 'I have a mind to think that the only solution to this mess is to have Eleanor killed.'
		'Really?' Carlisle was rather taken aback by her suggestion even though he knew there was some sense in it. 'I have a mind to agree with you.' He gave in. 'The woman is dangerous and it is up to us to become just as much a threat to her.'
		'Despite my hatred of the woman I cannot do her any harm.' She declared as she hoped for a commitment from Carlisle. His answer was not what she had expected.
		'Well perhaps not you personally but you are more than capable of having paid assassins to carry out your deeds in much the same way as Eleanor has.'
		'I am not the sort of woman who could do such a thing.' Christina shrank away from such an idea. 'And I know of no woman who would do such a thing.'
		'I do.' Carlisle fixed his eyes on her and then on Isobella. 'I know of a lady, and she is a lady, who has done such a thing before and would do again.'
		'Who?' Christina demanded.
		'You would not expect me to divulge her name,' he held up the palm of one hand, 'just leave the matter in my hands and when the time comes I may ask this lady for her help.' He closed the subject.

A few days later the ship entered London docks and berthed in a place which Brunel considered to be remote and therefore fairly safe. Carlisle warned Isobella and Christina to stay safe either below decks or in Brunel's cabin. They were on no account to show themselves on the open deck whilst he was ashore arranging a carriage and horses. He repeated his warning in a more serious manner to Christina that she should remain hidden once her travelling companions had left the ship and were on their way by land to Essex. There would be a period of about a day during which the ship would remain in port before setting off for the coast of Essex. It would be during that one day that Christina would be most vulnerable. He had agreed with Captain Brunel that if the situation as far as Christina's safety was concerned should deteriorate he was to set sail immediately and take shelter in the Thames estuary before proceeding to the beach north of Wakering.

Christina gave every indication of accepting Carlisle's orders and she was rather amused when she listened to his parting words to Brunel.
		'If this woman gives you any trouble by disobeying your orders and attempts to go up on deck you have my permission to use force against her because sometimes it is all that she understands!'
		'Then I will see you in a day or so as we agreed?' The Captain smiled at Carlisle's remark and took Carlisle's hand in his own before allowing him to leave his ship.

A few hours later Carlisle was back with a carriage and two horses and Isobella was pleased to see that the carriage had blinds at the window, Carlisle was not alone for he had Robert with him – the same Robert who had escorted Helen back to Oxford for which he thanked him.
		'This is Robert Hanover who of course needs no introduction since he is your brother.' The explanation was largely for the sake of Captain Brunel. 'He is a recent acquaintance of mine and has agreed to escort us to Essex for I was more than a little concerned that I was going to do it on my own.'
				
With greetings complete and time not on their side the party left for Essex without delay and they planned to spend the night at an inn which Carlisle had used on a number of occasions which would result in them arriving at Jacob's house the following day in daylight. 

































22. RETURN TO ESSEX
The next few days

The journey was as good as Carlisle and Robert could have wished for and being a dry summer month the road was in relatively good condition if not a little rough the results of which kept Susanna awake until they reached Carlisle's inn. The inn was in the same capable hands as when Carlisle last used it and he had no fear for their safety during their stay. The alternative of course was to journey overnight which was not something Carlisle was keen on since he was fully aware of the smuggling history the further into Essex they went. One thing that did play on his mind was the activity that Françoise may still be involved in but for now he chose not to divulge that to her brother Robert. He was not to know, however, that she had ceased her smuggling activities when she had learnt that she was expecting and so her plans were to go to Colchester to be with her mother and her sisters.

Isobella recognised parts of the journey from her visit to Rochford House in 1647 when she travelled there with Maria Hanover, there were, however, other parts of the journey which were alien to both her and Robert. During their night at the inn Carlisle took the opportunity to bring Robert up to date with everything that had happened to Christina. Robert was grateful for Carlisle's attempts to keep his sister safe whilst Carlisle on his part was grateful to Robert for escorting Helen to Oxford but he said this only when the women were not listening because for now he did not want to bring up the subject of Helen.

The following day, just after noon time, the weary travellers arrived at Jacob's house to the obvious delight of Françoise who appeared in Jacob's doorway with a belly on her which told her visitors that she was with child, and had been that way for some time. Apart from Dorothy and to a lesser degree Robert everyone knew each other and so it didn't take long for greetings to be completed and food and wine set out on Jacob's table in the Great Hall. And then Françoise asked where Christina was.
		'Ah,' Carlisle responded, 'and therein lies a tale. She is on a ship which lies off this coast and is ready to liberate her to us when we are ready.'
		'I would imagine,' Françoise smiled, 'that she has had quite enough of ships!'
		'So she has,' Carlisle met her smile with his own.

It was then that Carlisle brought Françoise and Jacob up to date with events so far and his tale was followed by Franchises' own tale of her forthcoming confinement at her mother's house in Colchester.
		'Well,' Carlisle declared as he drank his wine, 'and so we will all journey to Colchester.' He smiled. 'And for safety Robert and I will have Jacob for company.' He looked in Jacob's direction.
		'And two of my very best men.' Jacob gave the answer that Carlisle was hoping for. 'I see you have a carriage which is fortunate as my own has been damaged and cannot be used.'
		'But you have horses?' Carlisle asked knowing the answer would be yes otherwise there would be no more smuggling taking place.
		'We have horses.' Jacob smiled.

There now followed a conversation by all three men about the location of the beach where Carlisle was hoping to be reunited with Christina and straight away Jacob agreed that he had chosen his landing site very well indeed. They came to the conclusion that the following night would be a good time to meet Christina off her ship because they needed the darkness so that the lights from their signal lanterns would be clearly seen by Captain Brunel. As an additional convenience Jacob was not aware of any smuggling activities planned for that night.
----
Climbing down the side of Brunel's ship was not how Christina expected her return to Essex to end and as she struggled down the wet planking she could only reflect on her similar experience in 1645 three years earlier. And she was rather glad that the burden of carrying her child had been taken from her by Isobella and the child's wet-nurse Dorothy who should be ready and waiting for her to join them at Jacob's house. As her feet found the relative safety of the rowing boat below she was overjoyed to set eyes on her sister Françoise.
		'My dear sister.' Christina folded her arms around Françoise as much as the swell of the sea would allow her. 'Where is Carlisle?'
		'On the beach where he waits for you. Isobella, Dorothy and your child are at Jacob's house.' She watched her sister's eyes fix on her pregnancy. 'You are curious?'
		'Of course I am?'
		'We have the rest of the day to talk about everything that has happened to the both of us.' She watched Christina cling to the gunwales of the boat as they left the side of the ship.
		'Essex is a dangerous place for you,' Françoise warned her sister, 'that much we know, and so it is fortunate that Carlisle and Robert have safer plans for you which very much fits with my own plans.'
		'Carlisle knows what he is about. I am fortunate to have him looking out for me.' Christina looked towards the beach some distance away and the firmness under foot which it promised.

That night with everyone comfortable and fed in the Great Hall of Jacob's house Françoise listened carefully to Christina's story about all that had happened to her since last they met. She heard too about the birth in Bristol of the child Susanna. When all the small-talk finished Carlisle laid out his plans for their move to Colchester, and his explanation began with a warning.

		'Since I made my decision to take Christina to her mother's in Colchester I have learnt of a move which might be in our favour – or it might not!'
		'Explain yourself Sir?' Jacob took the words out of Robert's mouth.'
		'Two of the men whom I engaged to rebuild Rochford House come from Colchester and as such they have relatives in that city, and they have brought me news which caused me to think hard about what we are doing.'
		'Go on?' Jacob waited as a servant filled everyone cups with good french wine.
		'Although the people of Colchester have always supported Parliament during the troubles.....'
		'…....which is why you chose the place for my welfare?' Christina interrupted him.
		'That is true.' He sipped his wine. 'But in recent days Colchester has been over-run with Royalist soldiers who have fled there for their safety. And whilst it may be in your favour to have the King's supporters surrounding you it could equally spell disaster for you.'
		'Why?' Françoise decided to have her say for she alone actually had no need to go to Colchester.
		'General Fairfax will not tolerate Colchester being occupied by the King's men when the place is only two days ride from London.'
 		'Are you talking of a siege?' Robert eyed Carlisle.
		'It is possible but Fairfax would not harm the people of Colchester for he knows where their loyalties lie.'
		'I see.' Robert did not see any point in questioning Carlisle on a situation which may well be in Christina's favour.
		Françoise thought long and hard about Carlisle's explanation and so she made a declaration which summed up her position.
		'I do not have to go to Colchester,' she set her eyes in turn on Isobella, Christina and finally Jacob, 'and so if it were not for my sisters here today I would gladly not go to there and instead have my child here in Jacob's house. He has already told me that he could easily arrange for a wet nurse.'
		'I see.' Was all that Christina could find to say.
		'But because it would disappoint our mother, and I want to do what is best for Christina, I will go to Colchester and trust in Carlisle's planning.'
		'The decision must be yours,' Christina took François' hand in hers, 'and yours alone. Do not go there for my sake or for Isobella's sake.'
		'I know that,' she smiled as she held her sister's hand, 'but really it is not my decision at all since I cannot watched you abandon me tomorrow for Colchester. I must be with you, and you will need me when the time comes.' She fixed her eyes on Christina's swollen belly.
		 




























23. THE SIEGE OF COLCHESTER
12th June – 28th August 1648

Their day's journey was as straightforward as Carlisle had hoped it would be and as they approached Colchester he was happy in the knowledge that they had not encountered anyone on the road who might do them some harm. His only concern was the weather for 1648 was turning into one of the wettest and coldest summers known.

What he was not happy with was the news which he had received during a stop-over at an inn – news which did not surprise him. He had heard that what was left of a Royalist army in Kent were fleeing to Colchester for appeared to be protection from their enemy.

Gaining entry into Colchester was simple for a man of Carlisle's capabilities for he had already obtained the correct passes from both the Parliamentarians and the Royalist to allow him entry into the city. Not that it would have mattered had they not had the correct passes for the city seemed to be attracting a large number of Royalist soldiers. Once they arrived at the home of Helen Hanover who for reasons unknown to Carlisle had reverted to her unmarried name of Flaxendale. Helen's sister was introduced to Carlisle as Anne Flaxendale. She had in fact never married and perhaps that might have been the reason for Helen's name change to match that of her sister.

Once out of the persistent rain there was an emotional greeting between Helen. Anne and Helen's three daughters plus of course Helen's only son Robert. Carlisle's first impressions of the house were soured a little when he found that there were a number of Royalist soldiers already billeted at the house much against the wishes of Anne and Helen. Their existence however appeared not to be as big a problem as they might have been for they took no notice of Robert or Carlisle and they had the added benefit of being able to secure more food than would otherwise be the case. Even towards the end of June and before the anticipated siege had began there were some shortages of food despite the fact that the nearby port at Hythe was still operational and able to supply food and wine from the continent. Carlisle would learn that this situation persisted for some considerable time even after Parliament began their siege of the city for they failed to take control of Hythe port. The Earl of Norwich and Sir Charles Lucas who were the commanders of the Royalists in the city were preparing for a long siege in the hope of holding out until Royalist and Scottish forces came to relieve them.

The following morning on the eleventh day of June, and with nothing particular to bother them Carlisle, Robert and the rest of their escorts left Colchester the following day for they did not want to make the Flaxendale's food shortage worse than it already was. Both Carlisle and Robert had other matters to attend to outside of Colchester so they said their farewells and left the city for a journey south. It was during that journey that Carlisle and Robert came across an unnaturally large Parliamentarian army heading in the direction of Colchester and it was all they could do to turn down a request by some of the officers that as Parliamentarian soldiers they should join the marching army. 

As the final wet days of mid June drifted away Carlisle became increasingly worried about the women's situation in Colchester because it had become clear in the days following Carlisle and Robert's abandonment of Colchester that Fairfax had every intention of laying siege – bloody of otherwise – on Colchester since the General had no intention of allowing such a large contingent of the King's soldiers to remain only two days ride from London.

The siege began on the twelfth day of June and given her delicate condition Françoise had no hope of safely getting out of Colchester.

As a very wet and cold June turned into an equally wet and cold July the supply of food began to fall to starvation levels as the siege took hold of the city, and to compound the misery and with cannon fire and musket fire to accompany her Françoise gave birth to a girl on the second day of July. Françoise called the child Helen after her mother with the health of the child a great concern to her. The infant was in every respect a sick child even though the wet-nurse Dorothy did her best to feed her from her own breasts as well as continuing to feed Christina's daughter.
 
As the weeks dragged on Françoise' baby took a turn for the worse and even though a physician was called to attend to her he could do nothing to improve the health of the child. Once the supply of meat had dried up the common folk of Colchester were reduced to eating dogs, cats and rats and the price of cheese had risen to the equivalent of half a week's wage. Some horse-meat was produced for the household but only because the soldiers took priority over the civilians when it came to the supply of food.

Towards the end of June there was an incident which greatly upset the Flaxendale and Hanover women. Ever since the first day of their stay in Helen and Anne's house the behaviour of the unwanted and uninvited soldiers billeted in their house grew worse with cleanliness and decency being of no priority at all, and fighting between them being quite normal. Their uninvited guests had managed to lay their hands on a fairly large quantity of wine which, although bitter and of poor quality, had an alcoholic content which soon made their behaviour even worse. One particular soldier who was still wet and muddy from the weather, had clearly made up his mind that he was going to do as he pleased with one of the women. The drunken soldier chose Isobella as his target no doubt because she was the only one who was both young and not nursing a child in some way. With loud screams to accompany her harsh treatment Isobella found that her body had become the centre of attention for the drunken man and it wasn't long before he was tearing at her clothing and forcing her hands behind her back. She felt him enter her in the roughest possible manner and had her stomach had any decent amount of food in it she would have been hard pressed not to be sick. As it was she had to gag on almost nothing save for a little dirty water. Her terror came to an abrupt end when her attacker's throat was suddenly opened with ease as a knife was drawn across it from the back. With blood all over her face and breasts Isobella stifled a scream as her eyes fixed on a Royalist officer  with knife still in his hand and standing close behind the corpse. The officer waited for the other women to come to the assistance of Isobella and offer her both comfort and clothing to protect her modesty.
		'I heard the noise from outside,' the officer began his explanation with a smile, 'and so I came to your aid.'
		'Well Sir,' Françoise began, 'we can only thank you for your swift intervention for I am quite certain that this thing,' she looked down at the corpse which had slumped to the floor, 'would not have been satisfied with only abusing my sister.'
		'I am glad to be of assistance.' The officer gave a short bow. 'My name is Captain Richard Wessex.'
		'The name seems somehow familiar?' Christina looked at his features.
		The officer examined Christina's features before having his say. 'I have known for some time that this is the house of the Flaxendales and Hanovers, and so I made some enquiries and found that you are related to a certain Rachel Hanover?'
		'We are Sir,' Christina responded. 'She was our cousin or to be precise our half-cousin.'
		'Before she was executed?' He knew he was right and so he was not surprised to hear Christina agree with him. 'I understand you knew Susanna Richmond?'
		'We did.' Françoise and Christina agreed almost together as they watched two other officers remove the corpse from their house. 'The late Susanna Richmond.' Christina corrected herself.
		'Quite so,' Richard nodded, 'or as I knew her – Susanna Wessex my wife.'

The next few minutes were taken up with Christina bringing Richard up to date with their news and why they were in Colchester at all. For his part Richard was able to give them some news of why they were in such awful circumstances in a starving Colchester and why their current predicament was not likely to improve and may very well deteriorate further.
		'Our commanders the Earl of Norfolk and Sir Charles Lucas are hoping for Royalist reinforcements and help from the Scottish army – help which I am convinced will not come.'
		'Why will it not come?' Christina didn't know if she should hope for Royalist reinforcements or not.
		'Because Pembroke Castle has fallen and our army in Wales is beaten. The Scottish forces are no match for Cromwell and his New Model army.'
		'Why can we not surrender?' Françoise asked as she bathed Isobella's bruises.
		'Lucas and Norfolk would not tolerate it,' Richard knew he was right. 'You are all hostages and even if you disobeyed him and left the city of your own accord Fairfax and his Parliamentarian army would send you straight back.'
		'Why?' Françoise struggled to believe him.
		'Because those who lay siege to a city would want as many people as possible to be crying out for food and so the more people there are the sooner the food will run out and the whole city including the soldiers would have to surrender.'

Helen and Anne had heard enough and so they busied themselves by finding what little decent wine and food they had to feed Richard and his comrades, and of course themselves. Richard had been a breath of fresh air for the women and so they were sorry to see him leave them the following morning.

There was another unsavoury incident when Parliamentarian soldiers captured the house of Sir Charles Lucas just south of Colchester and broke open the family vault. They then desecrated and tore apart the bodies of Lucas' mother and sister. Charles Lucas was one of the commanders of the Royalist army defending Colchester.
 
As each day melted into the next the civilians of Colchester pleaded with the garrison commander to allow them to leave but their pleading fell on deaf ears for the defending soldiers needed the townsfolk as a human shield. Not that Françoise could have made her escape for she was too busy trying to keep her baby alive - and to make matters worse for both children Dorothy had lost a great deal of weight and taken to her sick bed. No doubt her duties which were the feeding of both babies from her breasts had taken their toll on her health.

The attacking army of Parliament fared no better than the defenders of Colchester who did at least have some form of shelter to protect them from the awful weather. Parliament's army and its commanders were becoming increasingly bitter over why the war had not yet finished and to make matters worse for them they were being shot at from the city walls by defenders who had taken to using poisoned bullets. Not withstanding the poison bullets the weather was against them, it was so debilitating that some of Parliament's soldiers had taken to paying “stand-ins” to take their places on the attacking line.

As July turned into August and there was no improvement in the weather the townsfolk began to suffer from the same lack of shelter as those who were outside the walls laying siege. Many houses in Colchester had thatched roofs and with food almost none existent for the few remaining horses in the city those roofs were stripped bare in order to feed the horses. Helen and Anne's house was no exception.

During the second week of August Dorothy died – so too did Françoise' baby and the suggestion by some of the Royalist soldiers that the baby could be boiled and would make a fine meal simply made matters worse for Françoise who had in her sort life so far lost two children – one which was never born. All five remaining women were in poor health and appeared to be little more than walking skeletons including, and to a lesser extent, Isobella, whose poor state of health did not prevent her from having to endure a despicable act on her and a number of other women.

A number of women, including Isobella who was just about the healthiest of the five women, made an attempt to leave the city and as such reached the outside of the walls. The Parliamentarian army refused to accept them and forced them to return to the city their argument being that the more people there were inside the city the sooner the food supply would dry up completely and the siege would end. The defending soldiers refused to allow them back in and so a number of the women, one of whom was Isobella, were stripped bare and made to huddle outside the city walls all night in the freezing cold. Even in her emaciated condition Isobella was a sight for male eyes who had seen nothing of a naked female body for many weeks. The nakedness of Isobella hinted at the beauty which was once hers but was now no more and would never be again.

The following morning Isobella and her comrades were allowed back inside the city and the shivering and sick Isobella was taken into the care of her mother, he aunt and her two sisters. She was emaciated and had developed an unhealthy cough which got worse as the days went by. Despite their best efforts and giving her all the food and dry clothing they had, Isobella's health deteriorated rapidly with any amount of soars blistering her body and face. She seemed to loose all hope of rescue and recovery and despite all the loving that her family gave her she continued to deteriorate. A few days after she had been taken ill she died and her body and that of Françoise's baby remained in the ruins of their house with no hope of a burial

On the twenty eight day of August and with no hope whatsoever of reinforcements arriving, the city surrendered to Fairfax and his tired, wet and starving, Parliamentarian army. The civilians were fed as best as they could given the general shortage of food available to Parliament. The defending soldiers became prisoners of war and despite better treatment than they could have expected most were sent as slaves to Barbados. Senior Officers were treated harshly with some being shot with little or nothing in the way of a trial.

The two Flaxandale women and the two remaining daughters were left in a dilemma, their house, like so many buildings had almost been destroyed and as such was uninhabitable and so they desperately wanted to leave but were in need of some kind of escort and transport. In fact the lack of an escort was of secondary concern for the problem of transport appeared not to be able to be resolved. There were no spare horses to be had and certainly no carriage to carry them away. All that the women could do was hope and pray that salvation would come their way in the days to come. Françoise was hoping for Jacob to rescue them whilst Christina was hoping for Carlisle. As it turned out the wishes of both women would come true in September.



















24. THE FINAL BATTLE
17-19 August 1648

In mid July, and because of what he had already heard about the siege, Carlisle visited the outskirts of Colchester and was alarmed to see the extent of the the devastation on the city. He was also alarmed at the atrocious weather conditions for both the attackers and the defenders. Feeling responsible for putting François, Christina, Isobella and Dorothy there in the first place he would very much have liked to visit the women who had been in his care but with nobody allowed in or out of the city he was left to ponder what kind of unspeakable horrors the women were enduring inside the city walls. He was alarmed too at the use of poisoned bullets by the defenders and he could only imagine the effect that the sound of constant canon fire was having on the women.

Towards the end of July he was ordered by Fairfax to ride north and join Cromwell's army who were heading in the direction of Lancashire where they were hoping to confront the Royalist forces of Langdale and the Scottish forces under command of the Duke of Hamilton. Carlisle joined Cromwell's army on the fifteenth of August in time for their march down the Ribble valley towards Preston.

The battle was a resounding success for the Parliamentarians with some two thousand Royalists killed and nine thousand captured with little loss or injury to those who were fighting for Parliament.  

During the evening of the nineteenth of August, and after the fighting had ended, Carlisle sat in the mud with his men around a camp fire where they could all eat what little they had in the way of supplies. It was during his relaxation that he set his eyes on Sir Henry Norfolk after hearing Sir Henry's name called, and with nothing to particularly prevent him from doing so he struck up a conversation with the man after the two of them had made their introductions to each other. Harry was after all not an enemy of Carlisle unlike his mistress Eleanor. And it was entirely possible that Harry knew little of what his mistress was plotting and had plotted. She had, after all, claimed not to have any money to pay-off Phillip Astle many months ago and so Carlisle could only assume that she had not mentioned any of her plans or activities to Harry otherwise she would no doubt have asked him for money.. 
		'I heard that your brother was injured at St Flagans in May?' He began their conversation. 'How is the man now?'
		'He is well enough given his injuries,' Harry smiled, 'with great difficulty we managed to bring him back home to complete his convalescence.'
		'That is indeed good news,' Carlisle returned the smile, 'at a time when there is precious little good news to speak of with this war having almost destroyed our country.'
		'I thank you for your concern Sir and I think he will make a full recovery and much sooner than this country makes a full recovery.'
		'And how is Eleanor?' Carlisle was careful with his question.
		'She is well and back in London which pleases her for she so much dislikes living in Yorkshire.' 
		'Yet it is your home and perhaps one day will be hers?' Carlisle continued to be careful with the wording of his questions.
		'Perhaps.' Harry would give nothing away.

With silence having fallen on both men and Carlisle not wanting to make an enemy of the man by interrogating him on how much he knew of Eleanor's plotting and scheming both men fell into a conversation about war and politics.

Although Carlisle had no way of knowing it the Royalists and Scott's defeat at Preston would be a relief for his women in Colchester because it would now be clear to Lucas and Norwich commanding the Royalist army in the besieged city that now there was no hope of them gaining reinforcements.

Once relieved of his duties with Cromwell's army Carlisle straight away began his long journey back to Oxfordshire. His final destination would be to see James at either Sutton Manor or Warrick house but first he had every intention of seeing Marian once again. Her love and the delights of her body were the only things that prevented him from falling into a pit of depression following so many years of war.

Carlisle's journey was a long one as he knew it would be – in excess of seven days through appalling weather conditions. It was a very weary and lonely journey with only the thoughts of being with Marian to keep him sane. Once he was back in the filth of Oxford he was surprised to find Ned standing behind Elizabeth after she opened the door.
		'Well you are the last person I thought to see at this door.' Carlisle took Ned's hand in his and clapped him on the back. 'Where is Marian?'
		'Upstairs in her chamber when last I saw her.'
		'Her chamber?'
		'Or should I say the chamber that you last used when you stayed here. I think she gets some comfort from it.'
		'I see.' Carlisle looked a little confused.
		'She is in a state of confusion over where she should sleep.' He watched Carlisle raise an eyebrow which told him to continue. 'She is a servant here yet she is your Mistress so where is her rightful place when it comes to sleeping – with or without you.'
		'The time will come when I must address that problem.'
		'Sooner rather than later.' Ned urged.
		 'Where is Helen?' Carlisle found an opportunity to change the subject.
		'She is with her brother at Sutton Manor for a few days. She wanted to see Sarah.'
		'I see. And did she leave Marian alone here?'
		'No, which is why I am here. Marian is quite safe as long as I look out for her.'
		'Well I thank you for that and for keeping her safe. I still am not convinced that we have seen the last of these witch-finders.' His tone registered a certain amount of concern for her safety. 'And Helen? How was her safety assured on her journey to James' place if you were here? She surely did not make the journey alone?' Carlisle made his way into the great hall as Ned followed him.
		'She did not. She was under the protection of Richard Wessex who has recently returned from Colchester.'
		'And what tales did he have of Colchester? I was there myself but not in the city. I have heard such horrific stories of the conditions experienced by those who were being besieged.'		'And I have no doubt they were true. In fact Richard was fortunate to come across Christina, Françoise Isobella and the others.' He watched Carlisle fix his eyes on him as Elizabeth brought wine and cups to the table. 'He did?'
		'His timing was such that he was able to save Isobella from being abused. I know no more than that.'
		'I am responsible for those ladies being in Colchester.' Carlisle announced his regrets as he rolled his eyes heavenwards..
		'Well you were not to know that Parliament was going to put an end to the Royalist occupation. And perhaps it is no surprise given its proximity to London.'
		'I still feel guilty but will feel less so when I go back there and bring the women out of the city.'
		'Helen has been sick with worry about you. With your absenteeism she has had no news of Christina?' She did not know if Christina was alive, or  back in France, or safe in England with no threat from Eleanor.
		'So she did not know that Christina was in Colchester?'
		'No. Richard told her nothing. She relied on you telling her and you were not here.'
		'I came as quickly as I could.' He poured wine for them both.
		'From where?'
		'Preston.'
		'Preston?' Ned tried to remember what he knew of the place.
		'We have fought what I imagine will turn out to be our last battle against the King's men and the Duke of Hamilton's Scottish army.' he caught sight over Ned's shoulder of Marian smiling at him.
		'My duties were not called for at Preston so you must tell me everything.' He became aware of Marian behind him. 'Whilst I arrange for some hot food I will allow you two some time alone, she is, after all, the one who you have come to see.' He watched Carlisle allow Marian a small bow.
		'Once again I must thank you.' Carlisle returned his attention to Ned. 'But for tonight, and tonight only, I must relieve you of your protection duties over Marian. You have a home of your own in this city and so you need to take the night off!' He smiled. 'I will not leave this place again until tomorrow when I go to see James and tell him all that I know.'
		'And what of Colchester and the plight of our women in that city?'
		'After I have called upon James I will ride to Essex on a fresh horse from my stable. My mount has served me well these last weeks and he has carried me into battle. But for now he needs rest.'

That night Ned did as Carlisle suggested when he spent the night at his own home after taking refreshments at “The Bird Of Prey”. Carlisle took Marian to his chamber where he bedded her in a manner which although rough was exactly what Marian had need of. She had grown use to his roughness whenever he had spent any length of time with the army. Although she would have enjoyed taking the lead with him she was not able to for he dictated how their love making should proceed. Once exhaustion swept over them he began his explanation about what he must do over the following few days.
		'Can I come with you?' She asked as she bathed in exhaustion.
		'I think not.' He was quite determined that she should remain safely behind in Oxford. 'Ned will be back here in the morning to watch over the house. If I took you to my own house you would be vulnerable to those dreadful witch-finders and even more so if I left you at Sutton Manor from where you were abducted before. I will go to Essex which is absolutely out of bounds to you, that is where your problems first began if you remember?' She did remember and thought better of pleading with him.

The following morning Carlisle began his journey to Warrick House rather than Sutton Manor where he correctly guessed that James would be. He had an urgent need to tell Sarah about recent events before he disappeared for God alone knew how long in Essex. His relatively short journey out of Oxford and towards Warrick House was made in the same conditions that he had endured during his long ride from Preston and the cold sweeping rain hit him full in the face as he passed places that he knew so well – the place where Françoise' horse had thrown her so long ago and the place where he had sat for so long waiting in vain for her to return as he thought back over his short life. As he neared Warrick House he had taken his usual route past Warrick churchyard where he reflected on the one love in his life before he met Marian – Susanna Richmond whose remains lay in a nearby tomb. He brought his horse to a standstill as he set his eyes on the place where he knew she lay and as he did so he wondered just how much the new love in his life, Marian, compared with the lost love he had had for Susanna. He abandoned the churchyard and gave up trying to compare the two women for there was no comparison.

All during the later part of his journey he caught the occasional sighting of a carriage some way ahead of him and as he reached Warrick House he found that same carriage empty and stationary outside Sarah's house, and he knew it must be the same carriage given the heavy breathing of the horses still in their harness.
25. BRIDGET'S REVELATION
September 1648

As Carlisle had come to expect he received a warm greeting from Sarah as he climbed down from his horse and arrived at her front entrance door.

		'Well,' Sarah began with a smile, 'this is a day of visits for we have Helen here.'
		'That I know.' He took her hand in his and kissed the warmth of her soft skin. 'I called upon Helen in Oxford only to be told that she had made her way here under escort.' He greeted James who swept past Sarah and gripped his hand.
		'And she arrived here safely.' Helen put his mind at rest. 'I cannot tell you how good it was to see her once again.'
		'And the carriage?' Carlisle nodded his head towards the empty vehicle.
		'Bridget Cowpepper. She is upstairs cleaning herself up after an awful ride here.'
		'And on that subject,' James stepped out of the door, 'I must see to it that her horses and escort are in capable hands.'
		'Why did she come?' He took a tankard of ale which a servant passed to him before he followed Sarah into the great hall.
		'Bridget has some urgent news.'
		'So too have I, the urgency of which I will leave you to judge. I felt it was time to bring you up to date with all that has happened since last I saw you and in particularly what has happened to Christina though I have no doubt that her fate may not be of interest to you,' he fixed his eyes on hers, 'and I say that because I know that you and Christina were never the best of friends.'
		'Perhaps not,' she looked at Rebecca who had just entered the room, 'but I would never wish her any harm and she is after all the woman who James loves above me and so she must be very special indeed.' She smiled as she watched Rebecca approach Carlisle.
		'I am your servant Sir.' She gave him a practiced curtsey as the grown-up words left her lips. Carlisle took her hand and rewarded her with a short bow before she made herself comfortable in a chair by the fire and pick up her needlework. Carlisle returned his attention to Sarah.
		'She must be nine years old by now?' Carlisle felt sure he was right.
		'She is.'
		'Well she behaves much older.'
		'In so many ways.' Sarah agreed as Carlisle returned to the original subject which was occupying their conversation.
		Well I cannot know what it is that Mistress Cowpepper has come so far to say,' Carlisle admitted , 'for my part I must tell you about Christina and about Colchester, and I will do that now before Bridget joins us and furnishes us with her own news.'
		'I do not understand why you are about to tell us about Colchester?' Sarah shook her head as she watched him drink his ale. 'I heard that Colchester was taken by Parliament after a long siege and the inhabitants suffered badly.'
		'You heard correctly, you see Christina was one of those inhabitants.' He watched as no questions came his way. 'Christina, Françoise, Isobella, their mother and aunt and a wet-nurse called Dorothy.' Carlisle watched Rebecca as the girl listened to him whilst holding on to her needlework.

It took some minutes for Carlisle to explain all that had happened to the women and why they were in Colchester at all. And of course the news that Christina had given birth to James' daughter was part of that explanation. It was shortly after Carlisle had finished his story that Bridget appeared in their room where a servant put a cup of wine in her hand. Greetings between Carlisle and Cowpepper's daughter were completed in a moment and of course Bridget remembered Carlisle from her journey to Essex in 1647.

Bridget took a seat and placed in her lap a leather bound journal which Helen set her eyes on.

		'I have news which concerns this journal written by Rachel Hanover. What you do with such news I leave up to you but it does concern a certain Eleanor York and Christina Norfolk.' The room fell to silence as they all set their eyes on Bridget.
		'My father would have found this entry in Rachel's journal much sooner had two pages not been stuck together by a dried ink stain.' She explained as the silence of the room begged her to continue and Rebecca made her the subject of her attention. 	'Allow me to quote from Rachel's own hand.' She peeled apart the specific pages complete with their ink stain. 'Rachel wrote as follows - “A few years after I left France, banished as I was from Christina house, I made a difficult journey to Yorkshire to speak with Harry but he was not home and so I was entertained by his brother Edward. It was during Harry's absence that Edward told me of a story which I am surprised he wanted me to hear. The story involved Christina Norfolk, my cousin and Harry's estranged wife. Christina had  gone to Yorkshire from Orleans to talk to Harry about dissolving their marriage but instead she was bedded by Edward her brother-in-marriage.” Bridget fell to silence for a moment as she took a mouthful of her wine.
		'Should James not be here to listen to this?' Rebecca
called out.
		'I will decide what James should hear and what he should not.' Sarah rendered the girl to silence. 'James is not here and so we must continue without him.'
		Rebecca glared at at Sarah 'Well I think he should know what is being said and you are not my mother.'
		'Forgive her,' Sarah excused Rebecca's behaviour, 'she often speaks to me this way. Please continue with your story Bridget?'
		Bridget found her place in the journal once again. 'And so Rachel continued. “Christina's indiscretions were witnessed by nobody else and so I confided in Harry's Squire Phillip Astle.” She watched an odd expression wash across Helen's face and she knew not why.' “And then Squire Astle told me that Christina was not alone in her indiscretions for Harry's new Mistress Eleanor York had also been bedded by Edward – a fact, if known by Harry – would destroy Eleanor's future with Harry. For my part Edward's advances were of no interest to me but I did not escape such attentions for I was abused by Phillip Astle and of courser I could tell nobody.” ' And that is all that she wrote – slander against both Christina and Eleanor.' Bridget closed her journal.
		
Helen could not believe what she had just heard. Not only had Rachel slandered her victims with her writings but she had also condemned Phillip Astle a man whom Helen had had murdered, and Rachel did all this from her nearby grave. And so Helen had heard what she had wanted to hear without any need for her to search for Rachel's journal. None of this would help Eleanor however who would have to hope that the story did not reach Harry.
		Sarah fixed her eyes on Rebecca who was staring at Bridget and who had clearly taken in everything that Bridget had said. How much she understood at nine years of age Sarah could have no way of knowing. 'James should be told of this.' She glared at Sarah as she repeated her insistence.
		'No!' Sarah silenced the girl as Bridget looked first at Rebecca and then Sarah.
		'Rachel was your half-sister,' she stated the obvious to Sarah, 'and as such you had to hear this. When the journal's secrets have been exhausted my father will hand it to you for safe keeping, but not yet. Rachel clearly made these entries so that she could destroy any prospects of happiness for both Christina and Eleanor and so I leave it to you to decide who must be told.'  

		The outcome of Rachel's revelations dictated the course of events for all three of her audience. Helen knew she didn't have to search for the journal any more and she had evidence with which could destroy Eleanor if she so wished. Carlisle had information which he knew he must pass on to Christina so that she might seek proof that it was lies and if she was unable to achieve that proof when her relationship with James would be at an end. Rebecca had every intention of telling James what she had heard despite the fact that if he was told he would cast aside Christina and perhaps remain with Sarah for the rest of his life although that consequence was not at the forefront of Rebecca's thoughts.
----
The following morning Carlisle left for Essex whilst Rebecca, without Sarah's knowledge, made her way to Sutton Manor where she threw her arms around James before telling him all that she had heard the day before. The story that fell from Rebecca's lips was not told in a manner that James would have expected from a nine year old girl. She had not forgotten any details of what she had heard from Bridget and so there was no question of James having to go back to Sarah and ask her to explain what Rebecca meant. He would, of course, have to confront Sarah with all that she knew about Bridget's revelations but it turned out that Rebecca had told him everything and she appeared even to know what the terminology “bedded” meant which was unusual for a girl who had spent some years in a French convent. And all during this time Helen did not know what Rebecca was telling James, she had retired to her chamber the night before with what she called “one of her heads” which did not go away during the night so she remained in her chamber oblivious to all conversations.

The behaviour of Rebecca was not that of a nine year old who had heard some awful accusations about the woman who James loved and so he was not surprised when, a few moments after finishing her tale, she announce that she would like to go riding, Riding was something that was dear to Rebecca's heart and so James allowed her to have her way. Her horse was stabled at James' place and she was only ever allowed to go riding with James' steward Richard who had developed a bond of friendship between himself and Rebecca.

Whilst Rebecca was out riding with Richard James made his way to Warrick House so that he could speak to Bridget for himself before making his mind up about his future with Sarah for he could in no way wed a woman who had been bedded by her brother-in-marriage which was being claimed. He had no way of knowing that Carlisle was on his way to see Christina and perhaps give her an opportunity to prove that Rachel's accusations about her were all lies. Once at Sarah's house he listened carefully to Bridget re-telling the writings of Rachel and as she did so James knew that Rebecca had told him everything and missed out nothing.

Later that day Ned, to the delight of Helen, arrived at Sutton Manor having left armed men at Helen's Oxford house as protection for Marian which he knew would please both Helen and Carlisle.

That night, and after he and Sarah were alone in her chamber with Bridget having retired to her own room James decided that he had to forget about Christina and wed Sarah and so make Sarah's son his legitimate heir. What he had heard about Christina's behaviour with her own brother-in-marriage made it impossible for him to contemplate spending the rest of his life with her.












26. BACK TO ESSEX
The next few days – September 1648

Carlisle lost no time the following day in leaving Warrick House and making his way to Essex without stopping off at London on the way. He would very much have enjoyed confronting Eleanor about her renewed attack on Christina which was against her promise to him made long ago. He would have enjoyed taunting her with the news of what was in Rachel's journal but even that would have taken second place to his need to get Christina and the others out of Colchester. He had little expectation that she and the rest of her family would have escaped the horrors of Colchester for the simple reason that they had very little chance of securing either transport or an escort. His other concern involved only Christina and his need to tell her what was claimed in Rachel's journal. He had little expectation that Christina would accept it for that was not in her nature even if it were true. And if it wasn't true then she had every right to try to disprove the accusation whatever form that proof would take.

Four days after leaving Sarah's house and on a fresh, strong horse which Sarah had provided from her own stables, Carlisle arrived at Jacob's house where he received a warm welcome, a good meal and the usual excellent wine the origins of which he had no doubt had originated from Le Fere's ship. It did not take Carlisle long to tell his story of what he had witnessed at Colchester. He did not mention what he had heard from the lips of Bridget Cowpepper since he rightly felt that the subject was for Christina. Jacob was able to confirm much of what Carlisle already knew of Colchester although, as expected, he had not been able to take any of the women out of the destroyed city hoping as he did that he was going to get help from a returning Carlisle which is exactly what had happened.
 
		'And so we are agreed,' Carlisle set his plans in motion, 'we will take your carriage which I saw as I arrived here and we will take spare horses and make our way to Colchester.'
		'Will Parliament's men allow us in?' Jacob asked.
		'They have little interest in preventing anyone leaving now that the siege is over for it would result in less mouths to feed, And besides there is no gain to be had in them refusing us because the war is effectively over.'
		'You think so?' Jacob had little knowledge of battles of politics.
		'I was at Preston where we routed the Royalists and Scottish armies.' Carlisle explained before he told Jacob the story of the Battle, and as he told his story the two men who had accompanied Jacob and himself on the outbound journey to Colchester arrived at Jacob's house and listened with interest what Carlisle had to say.

With little further arrangements to make the four men left Jacob's house the next morning and set out for Colchester. They didn't start early for the simple reason that they wanted to rest an an inn close to Colchester before liberating their women the next morning and riding home with them without the need for another stop at an inn for the night. They rightly assumed that the women would want to reach the comfort and safety of Jacob's house as  soon as they could.

Their planned stop-over at an inn confirmed what Carlisle had suspected – that the inn was rough and there was no food to be had and so he was rather glad that he would not have to stay at such a place with the women the following day. Although the lack of food was a disappointment there was a half decent wine to be had at a good price.

The following morning, and early this time, the four men began the final part of their journey without knowing what sites would greet them when they found their six women and two babies who had, unknown to them, been reduced to four women, one baby and three corpses.

Battling their way through the ruins of Colchester they eventually found the wreckage of Helen and Anne Flaxendale's house with all the women still cowering in it and eating what little food they could find. It was a very thin Françoise who was the first to recognise their liberators and she found the strength to crawl to Jacob and thrown her arms around him. Christina did almost the same to Carlisle but with less affection for he was not her lover. Carlisle and Jacob welcomed the pathetic remnants of Anne and Helen and then asked about Dorothy and Isobella.
		'Isobella is dead!' Was all that Françoise could say for there was no easier way to explain her demise. 'Banished from these city walls when she tried to escape and banished too from rescue by Parliament's men. Left in the rubble outside the city walls overnight where she caught a fever and never recovered.' Françoise decided that now was not the time to explain about the brutal attack on her but she did admit to a visit by Richard Wessex who gave them all hope.
		'And our child?' Jacob asked his inevitable question which Françoise knew was coming.
		'Dead. Our daughter, Helen, had no chance of survival with no food and so much cold and wet.'
		'But you had Dorothy to feed her?' Jacob was a little confused as there appeared to be no sign of the woman anywhere.
		'Dead.' Was Françoise answer once again. 'Like so many in this awful city.'

Within the hour the party had abandoned the ruins of Colchester and with them, over the back of two horses, they carried the pathetic remains of the three members of their family who had died.

Carlisle had decided from the very first moment that he set eyes on Christina and her emaciated condition that Rachel's accusations as read out by Bridget would have to wait before being passed on to Christina. The other women were in a similar emaciated condition and it was clear that they all needed a good rest and plenty of decent food.
It took all of that day for the party to complete their journey back to Jacob's house and safety, and all during the ride Carlisle kept a lookout for anyone who might be their enemy. He had not given up the thought that one of those enemies might be Eleanor.

That same night Carlisle took the opportunity of asking the Christina's opinion about a matter which was close to his heart. He had for some time been considering where he should live with Marian – a place that was safe from the witch-finders of Essex should they make another attempt on her freedom. Since he had saved her from her previous abduction and taken her to Oxford where she was safe he had considered spending the rest of his life with her at his estate in Northern France but then he had abandoned that idea in favour of a new plan. What turned him against the idea was that he had very little knowledge of the French language and she had none at all. It was, after all, only Christina's French which had got them by when they were in Paris. And quite apart from the language problem he considered his estate in France would not necessarily offer seclusion and protection for Marian.
		'As the sister of Isobella,' he began to question Christina, 'would her husband be open to selling Isobella's property in Bristol?' His mind drifted to the view which he had experienced from Isobella's windows over-looking the port.
		'Why do you ask?' Christina wrinkled her forehead in a manner which begged him to continue.
		'I need a new place to spend the rest of my life and I was rather taken with the house when I called upon you there with my disastrous intentions for your safety.'
		'They were not so disastrous when first you considered them.' She gave him a smile which he had not seen for a long time. 'But to answer your question I should imagine that Isobella's husband would be delighted to offload the property. He seems to prefer the solitude of Wales and it would enable him to secure a property there.' This was an answer which clearly satisfied Carlisle but for now he refrained from telling Christina about his relationship with Marian for that would prompt more questions than he was prepared to answer for now.

The following morning Carlisle and Jacob buried Isobella in a nearby churchyard because her burial could wait no longer due to the amount of time which had already passed since her death. It was agreed with Françoise that his choice of a final resting place was a decent enough one given that they certainly had no time to take her remains to Bristol for her husband to bury. Following her hasty funeral Carlisle explained to all his friends at Jacob's house that he had business of a military nature to attend to in London. With the women more or less housebound whilst they recovered from their traumatic treatment in Colchester Carlisle decided that there was no better time for him to make his journey. The excuse that he was going on military business was a cover up for he had no intention of telling Christina that he was going to call on Eleanor York so that he could decide how much danger Christina was in from the woman. The only person who heard the truth from him was Jacob for Carlisle needed to make the man aware of a need to keep a lookout for the woman and her paid assassins. Almost within the hour Carlisle was on his way in a westerly direction with a promise to return soon.
----
Two days later and after a quiet but wet ride Carlisle stabled his horse close to his London house and made his way to see Eleanor whom he knew was no longer in Yorkshire because Harry had told him so when the two of them met at Preston.

Westgate House was just as Carlisle remembered it when he approached the front door and hammered on it. And the greeting which he received as the door was answered just as before. He was shown into the great hall by a servant whom he did not recognise but who was, nevertheless, polite and explained that Lady Eleanor would be with him presently.

		'I had not thought to see you again quite so soon – if ever again?' Eleanor called out as she entered the room and offered her hand in greeting to him which he gladly took as he offered her a bow and his lips on the back of her hand,
		'And I had not thought to be here again quite so soon after you and I came to an agreement over the fate of Christina – an agreement which cost me a small fortune to secure Phillip Astel's silence.'
		'Ah!' Eleanor smiled as she offered his a cup of wine. 'An agreement which came to an end with the man's death.'
		'Quite so,' Eleanor smiled as she sipped her own wine and tried to imagine what it was that Carlisle wanted.
		'You have reneged on our agreement. You have searched France and Bristol for Christina and been unsuccessful.'
		'I will not give up my search and I think you know that.'
		'I did suspect it but you will not find her.' He lied knowing that it would only be a matter of time before Eleanor set her eyes on Essex once again. 'You have not searched the whole of France.' He attempted to throw a complication into Eleanor's way of thinking.
		'Such as your own estate in northern France?' She eyed him carefully and in that moment he knew he had a battle on his hands.
		'Your spies must be costing you a great deal of money?'
		'They are costing Harry a great deal of money.' She corrected him. 'Money that he will gladly pay if we succeed in eliminating Christina from our lives.'
		'You may choose to not do that?'
		'You talk in riddles.' She filled both of their wine cups.
		'I have some information which I will keep to myself in exchange for you abandoning your search for Christina.'
		'You still talk in riddles.' Eleanor continued to sip her wine as she made herself comfortable in a chair.
		'What information I have on you I think you have already been threatened with by the late Phillip Astle?' He watched Eleanor suddenly become alert.
		'Go on?'
		'It involves Harry's brother Edward who bedded you , not, I imagine, entirely against your will, when you and he thought you were alone in Harry's house.'
		'There is no proof and so I will deny it.' Her eyes widened.
		'There is proof and I have seen it. What occurred between you and Edward was written in some detail by Rachel Hanover.' He watched her drink her wine with a hand which was shaking.
		'I will deny it of course.'
		'Of course you will,' Carlisle nodded, 'I would not expect otherwise but there would be no need for you to deny it if I did not tell Harry.'
		'In exchange for?' She put her head to one side.
		'You lifelong promise that you will give up your quest to destroy Christina.'
		'Never!' She was resolute. 'My happiness with Harry depends on our quest to destroy his wife.'
		'And your happiness also depends on my keeping silent about what I know. He watched for some sign in her face that she was just about to give in, 'And it is hard to imagine what excuse you would find to explain why Rachel wrote such things?'
		'To destroy me of course.' She had a ready answer which Carlisle decided she must have thought about for some time. 'Rachel wanted to destroy me because I consigned her daughter Rebecca to a convent in Paris.
		'You have a wild imagination but I think you will not take the matter that far and risk the wrath of Harry.'
		'It will not get as far as that for I could do something that will cause you to fall to silence on this matter.'
		'And now it is you who talk in riddles for you have nothing on me.' He set his eyes on her face and tried to work out what scheme was in her black mind.
		'There are other means at my disposal.' She thought about the orphaned girl Rebecca.
		'Then we have reached an impasse. I have something on you and you have nothing on me yet you claim that you could stop me from telling Harry what I know, and I have no idea what that might be.' And quite suddenly, and he knew not why, the face of Rebecca Hanover flashed before his eyes and he was surprised that the thought had not occurred to him earlier for she was the only person who could become a pawn in Eleanor's plans. He watched Eleanor smile which was his invitation to end the conversation and leave which he gladly did. 'No doubt we will meet again.' He offered her a bow for no matter how much her attitude annoyed him she could not stop him from behaving like a gentleman.

With his work in London complete Carlisle had an overwhelming need to go back to Oxfordshire and tell James and Sarah about his concern for the safety of Rebecca. Not only that he had need of holding Marian in his arms again and so with that in mind he abandoned a filthy London and set out on the Oxford road with only visions of his new love filling his mind.



















27. THE ABDUCTION
Late September 1648

It was a warm September morning when Rebecca asked Sarah if she could go riding and Sarah agreed for she had had a particularly difficult morning with the girl who had taken to behaving in a rather nasty and unnecessary manner towards Sarah and so she was rather glad to be rid of the nine years old for a while. Sarah had no concerns for Rebecca's safety for she was only ever allowed to ride with Richard from James' house and so she was escorted by an armed male servant from Warrick House across the short distance to Sutton Manor where James watched her arrive before helping Richard to saddle Rebecca's horse. Rebecca climbed into her saddle with her legs either side which is what she preferred rather than a side-saddle. James watched as the two riders departed happily chatting to each other and as they were swallowed up by the countryside James made up his mind to spend the day with Sarah which he hoped would clear his mind after what he had heard about Christina's indiscretions.

It was shortly after noon when an out of breath servant from Sutton Manor arrived at Sarah's house begging to see his master. James lost no time in going to the door only to be greeted by the awful news that Rebecca and Richard had not yet returned from their ride but Richard's horse had – without its rider. James borrowed Sarah's horse and rode out to search the countryside for any sign of the girl and he was not surprised when he found nothing. He knew that Rebecca was a hot-tempered girl but even so she would not disappear on her own, and indeed, where would she go to?

During the afternoon and whilst James continued his search for Rebecca Helen was overjoyed to set eyes on Ned as he arrived at Warrick House having found no sign of Helen or James at Sutton Manor. His arrival instigated a plan in Helen's mind which she had been considering for some time but could do nothing about without an escort.

Following James' failed attempts at finding the girl Helen decided to ride to London and with that in mind she enlisted the help of Ned who was only too pleased to escort her.  For his own safety Ned wore civilian clothing rather than his cavalier uniform which had now become rather pointless now that the civil war was effectively at an end. Helen was convinced that Rebecca would turn up sooner or later and so she was not unduly concerned about her and in any case she was unable to do anything if the girl failed to come home. This did not, however, prevent her from worrying about her if only for Sarah's sake. And Sarah's worry increased when James arrived back at Warrick House without the girl.

Before Helen and Ned left for London they and Sarah – who was now besides herself with worry for Rebecca  – talked over what they knew about the girl's abduction and it didn't take long for them to agree that they should seek out Carlisle and enlist his help in finding the girl.

		'She has not had some accident on the London road.' James shook his head. 'And so I can only suppose she has been abducted and wherever her abductors have taken her it must be a place where she can be held prisoner otherwise they are not going to prevent her from escaping.' He confessed. 'Do we know of such a place?'
		'We are assuming that her abduction has been planned by Eleanor?'' Ned asked. 'Forgive me for stating what I know is obvious.'
		'Going by what she said to me in Yorkshire I can think of no other culprit.' Helen confessed. 'Besides, how would the girl be of value to anyone else? The daughter of an executed traitor and the bastard child of Sir Henry Norfolk who cares little for the girl.'
		'I think you have summed up Eleanor's credentials for guilt perfectly.' James agreed. 'And so you must begin your journey whilst I exhaust all possible signs of her in the direction of Oxford.' He watched for some reaction from Helen and it was not long in forthcoming.
		'Once in London I will seek an audience with Eleanor and gain what information I can from her.'
		'I do not envy your task.' James shook his head.
		'And neither do I but it is worth a try in case she gives away something which will be to our advantage. Or she offers to make some kind of deal with us.'

And so Helen and Ned began their two day journey which James had suggested should be interrupted for the night at “The Traitors Rest”. The two of them did as James had advised and stopped for the night at their chosen inn as the sun set over the skyline to the west of them and in the direction of Oxford. As the two weary travellers rested on a trestle outside the inn and ate what what was a reasonably decent cold meal of meat, bread and cheese, they began to indulge in the very best wine which the landlord could offer. As they emptied what would prove to be the first of many cups of wine that night they both set their sights on a lone rider heading in their direction.

		'Well,' Carlisle smiled as the rider closed in on them  'this is a day of surprises for I had not thought to see you in this place.' He greeted Ned with a shake of the hand and Helen with a bow and a kiss on her hand before they greeted him with a cup of wine which th e landlord had brought out as soon as he recognised Carlisle. A few moments later they were all three seated together on the trestle.
		'So what brings you both to this place?' Carlisle sipped his wine as he looked at Helen.
		'I have a need to confront Eleanor York with a matter of the utmost seriousness.' 
		'Which is?'
		'The disappearance of Rebecca.' She watched a look of surprise wash across his face.
		'Then I am too late.'
		'For what?' She asked.
		'To warn you that I think Eleanor is planning on abducting the girl and using her as some kind of hostage against us.'
		'Well I regret to say that through no fault of your own you are too late for the girl cannot be found and her riding companion was injured in the process.' Ned gave his explanation.
		'Eleanor has moved quicker than I thought.' Carlisle looked into his wine cup as food was put before him from the grubby hands of a serving girl. ' In fact I would go so far as to say that Rebecca's abduction was taking place as Eleanor granted me an audience.'
		'She has planned this very well indeed.' Helen gave a reluctant appraisal of Eleanor's scheming. 'And so perhaps we can give some thought as to where she might have hidden the girl – a girl who is so hot-tempered that she can only be held in some kind of prison for she will not easily stay in a place where she might have freedom.'
		'Let us talk of places where Eleanor might have sent her.' Carlisle suggested. 'She still has her house near Paris.'
		'It is possible but she will not be there yet. Rebecca was only abducted a few hours ago – hardly time enough to get her to France.' Eleanor sipped her wine and began picking at Carlisle's food. 'Rebecca and her abductors are only ahead of us by one day at the most.'
		'A good point.' Carlisle pushed his plate towards her. 'And so we need to consider other possibilities such as Yorkshire?'
		'Unlikely.' Helen had already made her mind up about that possibility. 'Eleanor is unlikely to use Harry's place for he washed his hands of Rebecca some years ago. She may be his bastard daughter but he will not want her living in his house and certainly would not want the inconvenience of keeping her prisoner in his own home. And even if he did accept her Eleanor could not run the risk of Harry finding out about the accusations contained in Rachel's journal which Eleanor is trying so hard to keep from him and Rebecca knows of. We are assuming that Eleanor will use Rebecca's abduction to force us to give way to her on the whereabouts of Christina but what if we are wrong and she means to use the girl's abduction as a means of securing silence over Rachel's accusations.'
		'You make a good point,' Carlisle gave in, 'and so we must consider other possibilities for Rebecca's prison. Westgate House is out of the question – too open and too close to me.' He dismissed the idea.
		'I can think of no other place.' Helen set her eyes on Carlisle in such a way that she wanted more ideas from him.
		'There must be a place other than a prison,' he rubbed his chin, 'for although it would be easy enough to have the girl condemned to a prison sentence it would be almost impossible to get her released again. Not such a good idea if Eleanor is, as we think, planning on using the girl as a bargaining tool against us.'
		'Not a prison then?' Helen gave up on his idea.
		'There is another possibility.' He watched their attention suddenly increase. 'I have already made certain investigations in London about Eleanor's associations with other people and I find that she has a brother - Maurice York - in London.'
		'And the significance of that is.?' Helen asked.
		'Hear me out.' Carlisle sipped more of his wine and watched as Ned refill all their cups. 'Maurice York is the governor of an asylum in London.' He watched a knowing look spread across their faces. 'And an asylum could be the perfect place for locking up Rebecca on some idiotic charge of mental illness only to repeal that suggestion when they want the girl released.'
		'And as long as it suits their purpose she will be locked up and in London?' Helen smiled but not a happy smile for she hated the thought of Rebecca being incarcerated with insane people.
		'Quite so.' Carlisle finished that part of their conversation before announcing what he had to do next. 'And so you have saved me a ride of two days – from here to Warrick House – so that I may do what must be done.'
		'Which is?' Ned and Helen called out together which brought a smile to Carlisle's face.
		'It is high time that I journey back to Essex and tell Christina what accusation Rachel's journey has made about her.'
		'You have not yet done that?' Helen was genuinely surprised.
		'The last time I saw Christina was soon after we rescued her from Colchester and she was in no physical condition to either hear about such accusations or to do anything about them. I can, however, not leave her ignorant of what has been claimed any longer. Meanwhile,' he drained his wine cup again, 'when you are in London you are free to use my house as your own.' He watched a smile wash across the faces of them both.'
That night Ned took Helen to their room and to her delight he bedded her.
----
Two days later Ned and Helen were in London and Carlisle was close to Jacob's house in Essex.

Helen made her way to Westgate House on her own. She had decided that she did not need to involve Ned in her task for she already felt that she knew Eleanor so well that she might gain some information from her about her brother Maurice and his asylum without giving away the fact that such a place was already being treated by her as a strong possibility for Rebecca's prison.
		'I would like to say that it is so nice to see you again my Dear Eleanor but you and I both know that it would be a lie.' Was the verbal greeting that Eleanor gave Helen as she allowed her visitor to enter her home.
		'I agree and we may as well continue as you have started.' Eleanor gave a nod to a nearby servant who understood the nod to mean that her mistress wanted wine.
		'Can I interest you in some food?' Eleanor turned to Helen as the two of them hovered by the doorway to the great hall.
		'No thank you Lady York,' Helen grimaced, 'I doubt that my stomach will keep it down!'
		'Just the wine then?' She began to pour two cups as soon as they arrived on her table.
		'Indeed so.' Helen watched her pour. 'Where is Rebecca?'
		'I do not know what you are talking about.' Eleanor handed her a cup.
		'I think you do?' Helen smiled. 'You indicated as much to me when I saw you in Yorkshire and to Carlisle here a few days ago.'
		'And what do you imagine I have done with the girl?'
		'I know not but no doubt you will use her to gain some promise from me and Carlisle about Christina.'
		'It might be a fair exchange.' Eleanor smiled.

Helen continued her conversation with her enemy for some time without gaining anything useful and she had steadfastly refused to even suggest that she and Carlisle knew about her brother Maurice and his association with a nearby London asylum for the last thing she wanted was for their suspicions to be correct only for Eleanor and her brother to remove the girl from the asylum.
		'And where might Carlisle be now?' Eleanor tested Helen.
		'I cannot say.' Helen shook her head.
		'Essex?' Eleanor would not let the matter rest.
		'I understand he is keen on buying an estate in the west, no doubt that is where he is now.' Helen finished their conversation having hopefully thrown her enemy off the scent of Essex.

Some moments later Helen had abandoned Westgate House, found Ned where she left him in a nearby inn, and together they headed for where they had been told that they could find the asylum – a few coins in the right place would always have secured whatever it was that they wanted to know. The weather was now against them. The warm sun had gone only to be replaced by rain which was at times heavy. Ned and Helen splashed their way along dirty streets of sewage towards their goal of the east end of London and Maurices' awful asylum. It didn't take long for Ned to realise that his boots were worn out and leaked and as for Helen well her boots also leaked and her gown dragged through the mud and sewage until the bottom of it was almost black. None of this put them off and so after an uncomfortable journey through the noisy streets they finally stood in front of a stone building with the simple name of “Asylum” over the door.

		'What do we do now?' Ned asked as he stared at the windows which, without exception, all had bars to prevent anyone from entering but more importantly anyone from leaving. There were two or three occasions when Helen thought she saw the face of Rebecca but as the faces were clearly dirty anyone of them may have been Rebecca and equally none of them may have been her.
		'Well we cannot just knock on the door and ask them if  a little girl called Rebecca is inside.' She continued to examine each and every face which appeared at the bars.
		'Why not?' Ned made a good point which he followed with another. 'If she is here we can buy her freedom and if she is not then we lost nothing.'
		'Very well.' Helen gave in as she watched the rain falling from Ned's long hair and the dampness of her gown crept up to her back.

Before they had time to put their plan into action they watched the asylum door open and a woman in her twenties and with rather dirty dark hair leave the place and throw a cape over her head.
		'Can we speak with you?' Helen caught the woman's arm.
		'I have done nothing wrong!' The woman suddenly became defenceless.
		'Of course you have done nothing wrong,' Helen assured her, 'but you may be able to help us.'
		'How?'
		'Do you work here?' Helen let go of her arm.
		'Yes.'
		'And so you may be able to help us if we ask you if a certain child is in that place?' Helen watched the woman's face. 'You will be rewarded.' Helen knew she had the right answer. 'Are you hungry?' She watched the woman nod. 'Well come with us and we will find food. Do you have a name?'
		'Anne.' Was her simple answer and Helen was happy with that for she needed no surname.
 
Some minutes later the three of them were in the dry of a local inn which, although they could never have known it, was the same place as Rachel first sat and drank with Carlisle/

		'It would do you no good if you gave me the name of the girl you are asking about.' Anne's eyes lit up as warm food arrived in front of her.
		'Why not?' Helen was confused.
		'Because the workers in the asylum give their own names to all the patients.' Anne began to eat her food in a manner which told Ned and Helen that she had not eaten for some time.
		'I see.' Helen accepted Anne's explanation for the problem with names which appeared, to her, not to be a problem at all.
		'Well let me give you a description of the girl that we are looking for and it may help you if I added that she may have become one of your patients within the last day or so.' And Helen did indeed give the best possible description of Rebecca in the hope that her words were being understood by Anne, though it was difficult to understand if this was the case since the woman clearly had eyes only for her food.
		'There is a girl who arrived yesterday. We call her Judith and she sounds like the one you are searching for. She is nine years old.'
		'Can we meet this Judith?' Helen's hopes were raised as Ned squeezed her hand for her comfort.
		'I can use the excuse that she has to see a doctor and so I will be allowed to bring her out of the asylum.'
		'Just like that?' Ned was confused that it might be that easy.
		'Yes but she will be chained to me so that she cannot run away and you will not be able to take her from me.' She mopped up the remains of her meal with the rest of her bread,
		'I see.' Helen considered how to respond to such security.
		'Well no matter,' Ned had his say, 'we only want to see the girl so that we can be sure if she is the one we are looking for or not.' He decided to say no more because if the girl Judith was indeed Rebecca he and Helen would decide what to do when the time came.
		'When can we do this?' Helen was happy with Ned's intervention.
		'Tomorrow after dark.' Anne set her eyes on the wine which had been put before Helen and Ned.
----
Two days ride away to the east Carlisle arrived at the ruins of his house which he had intended to visit before he called on Jacob and the ladies. He rode through the gates of Rochford House without the need to wait until they were unlocked by one of his faithful servants. There was no longer any need to have locked gates now that the house was gone and building work had only been in progress for a little over a year. And in any case he had no particular desire to see Christina so soon because of the nature of what he had to tell her.
----
The day after their first visit to the asylum Helen and Ned spent another very wet day waiting for their appointment with Anne in the evening. They made use of the day as they journeyed to London docks and made enquires about ships that had departed for France with passengers who had included a nine year old girl. They were not successful with their enquiries although there had been some possible sightings but nothing substantial and all rather too vague to be followed up. Soaked to the skin they made their way back to Carlisle's house where they were treated to a warm meal and some dry clothing. In the evening and as the rain clouds disappeared from the skies to be replaced by a full moon they both made their way back to the asylum and waited for Anne. With a nearby church chiming nine o'clock they watched with apprehension as the asylum door opened and Anne appeared with a girl chained to her wrist just as she said she would. Helen fixed her eyes on the girl who had long dark hair, brown eyes, a scar down her left cheek and many bruises and sores on her face. And as a final insult to the girl there was a festering sore on her wrist where the chain had already done its damage. The girl could certainly pass for nine years of age and she was about the right height – but she was not Rebecca.
		'She has good hair,' Anne seemed to think that an explanation was needed, 'long at the moment but not for too much longer.'
		'Why not?' Helen looked at Anne.
		'Those that are in charge of the asylum will have it cut off soon and they will sell it for a good price.'
		Helen examined the girl and watched as tears began to form in her eyes. 'Why is she in this place?'
		'I just do not know.' Anne shook her head. 'We are never allowed to know. I do know that she shouts and cries a lot which her treatment has done nothing to quell.'
		'Treatment?' Ned was surprised that there was such a thing in the asylum.
		'Beatings, being tied to her bed, forcing her head under water almost to the point of death.'
		'And her parents?' Helen continued to stare at the girl and was not too surprised when Anne shrugged her shoulders as if she did not know who Judith's mother and father were. Helen waited as Judith approached her to the extent that her chain would allow and she put her arms around Helen and began to cry.
		'I want to buy this girl?' Helen confessed as she ignored the look of surprise on Ned's face. 'I have no child of my own and I can give her a good home where she will be safe so please do all that you can to secure her release and I will pay what I must.' She watched a veil of silence wash across Anne's face. 'Before she has her hair cut off!' Helen added.

And all during their conversation Helen did not indicate that Judith was not the girl she was looking for.

		'I do not pretend to know what you are up to.' Ned confessed as they abandoned the asylum for the second time. 'I do know that she is not Rebecca yet you did not say as much.'
		'I did not feel the need.' Helen felt her explanation was good enough and so the matter rested.
		The following day arrangements were duly made and an appropriate amount of money exchanged hands and so Judith became Helen's property. Ned was not with her at the time otherwise he would surely have prompted her to ask questions about the girl's origins - this unasked question would cause Helen much trouble one day.
----
Two days after he had arrived in Essex Carlisle made his mind up that he could delay telling Christina his news no longer for whatever she decided to do with such news she was now recovered enough to do what she must.

Just like London the rains had cleared from the skies of Essex and were replaced by warm sunshine and so Carlisle invited Christina into Jacob's garden accompanied by a cup of French wine.
		'I have something which I must tell you,' he watched for some reaction from her, 'I have two pieces of news and you will not enjoy hearing either of them I am afraid.' He watched as look of fear washed over her face. Carlisle began by telling her about Rebecca because he knew that she would have less reaction to that compared with what he had to say about Rachel's accusations. His assumption would prove to be correct.
		'And do you have any idea where she might be?' Was her reaction to his news of Rebecca's disappearance.
		'At this stage we can only guess.' He was not to know that Helen had not found her at the asylum. 'Of course you know why Eleanor has done this?' He begged the question.
		'Even I can guess that,' she smiled. 'She has done this to get at me, she will release her in exchange for me.'
		'There will be no such exchange.' Carlisle was adamant with his reply before he launched into an explanation about what possibilities he and Helen had discussed and rather surprisingly Christina dismissed them all.
		'She has not been taken to Eleanor's house in France.' She was firm with her reply and for very good reason.
		'Are you certain of that?' He watched her drink her wine as the bright sunlight bathed her..
		'I am certain of it for Eleanor no longer has her house in Paris, the place was burnt to the ground several years ago and I know that because I was in Paris when it happened. I am not aware of the house being rebuilt.' Was her simple explanation. 'And please do not imagine that Rebecca will have been returned to the convent from where you and I liberated her for it is no prison and she would not remain there of her own will, she would walk out and be lost in the hordes of beggars in Paris where we would never find her..' She watched his face for some reaction which was not forthcoming. 'But it will not come to that for I know of another place where she may be held.'
		'Which is?' Carlisle was impressed with the flow of information coming from her lips.
		'Dartmoor.'
		'I was not aware that Eleanor has a place on Dartmoor?'
		'Well she has. Do not forget that I knew her when she was married to Geoffrey of Monmouth and it was in those happier times that they bought a large estate on Dartmoor – a place which is so remote that Rebecca could not get far if she escaped.'
		'Then that must be the place,' Carlisle nodded, 'now that you have ruled out France.'
		'And what is this other matter that you have need to tell me?' Christina ended their conversation about Rebecca – or so Carlisle thought.
		'I am not sure if you have heard any rumours about what I must tell you.' Carlisle took a mouthful of his wine for comfort which was not at all like him. 'We had a visit a few days ago from Bridget Cowpepper who read out some missing pages from Rachel Hanover's journal.'
		'No doubt accusing me of something which is untrue?' Was Christina's surprise reaction as she too drank more of her wine.
		'Why do you say that?'
		'Because she hated me as you well know.'
		'From your time in France with her, yes I have heard the story.'
		'Does James know of this revelation?'
		'He was not there when Bridget read out the accusation but he may have been told because Rebecca insisted that he should be told.'
		'A nine year old girl insisted on that?' Christina was astonished at the suggestion.
		'She is very hot-headed and has a mind of her own.'
		'Then Rachel has won and has destroyed me.'
		'Are the accusations true?' Carlisle asked.
		'Can you even think that they may be?'
		'I do not judge you I simply ask the question.'
		'The accusation is a lie!' Christina was firm in her response and Carlisle believed her. 'But it matters not for if James knows of it he will abandon me.'
		'There is another accusation.' James felt that she should know all that there was to know.
		'Go on?'
		'The journal also accuses one other of some infidelity with your husband's brother.' He watched the look on her face urging him to continue. 'Eleanor is also accused of allowing herself to be bedded by Edward.' He watched a look of dismay wash across Christina's face, and he was not at all surprised.
		'Then she too is finished!' Christina immersed herself in the rest of her wine.
		'She may not be.'
		'How so?' Christina gave Carlisle a sideways glance.
		'Because as yet Harry does not know and she will argue, like you, that it is a lie.' Carlisle explained and then as he too drank his wine he told her everything about the revelations and about Phillip Astle including the fact that Astle was dead but not how he died.
		'Then I am ruined because James will believe the accusation whilst my enemy Eleanor is not ruined because she will lie to Harry about it if and when he finds out.' Christina summed up her situation before abandoning the subject and talking of Rebecca once again. 'I will decide what my next move will be in due course, in the meantime you and I will go to Dartmoor and liberate the girl – again!'
		'I will go, with help, and that help will not be you.'
		'Why not? I am tired of being marooned in Essex even though Jacob is a good host and he expects me to treat the place as my own.'
		'You must not be seen anywhere but here with Eleanor's spies seemingly all over the place.'
		'You must decide what you are going to do about Rachel's accusations against you, otherwise, as you say, you are ruined when it comes to the matter of James' love for you.'
		'Yes I do see that and I know what I must do.' She nodded.
		'Which is?' Carlisle was surprised that she had made a decision already.
		'There is only one man who can disprove Rachel's accusations.'
		'Edward?' Carlisle knew he was right.
		'Quite so, and I understand he is back in Yorkshire at Harry's house.'
		'He is, and so you intend to journey to North Yorkshire? Not something I would be happy for you to do for the same reasons as I would not allow you to accompany me to Dartmoor.'
		'I can limit the danger to myself. I will go by sea to Whitby and then I am left with only a short overland journey to Harry's estate so I will take with me an escort.'
		'What ship? What crew can you trust?'
		'Le Fere.' She smiled. 'I know him well enough and I trust him and he would provide an escort.'
		'You risk much, even with Le Fere's help.
		'What risk is there?' Christina clearly had not thought it through.
		'You would be in Harry's house and if he had some notion that he could do you some harm there would be little that you could do about it, escort or no escort.'
		'Yes I do see that but I am lost if I do not take the risk.'
		'And your journey up the channel would be in the winter and you above all others know what perils lie in a sea voyage without the added inconvenience of poor weather.' Carlisle did not know how accurate his statement would be.
		'I have no choice.' Christina resigned herself to a  dangerous journey and Carlisle knew he could not persuade her otherwise.
		'Then we must speak to Le Fere before I abandon you to the delights of Essex once again and then Yorkshire. This I must do before I go to Dartmoor.'
	











28. THE SEARCH FOR REBECCA
October and November 1648
  
In early October and after many hours of discussions with Jacob and Françoise it was agreed that during the next contraband run, which was planned for later in the month, Christina and Carlisle would board Le Fere's ship and discuss the matter of a voyage up the channel to Whitby and agree this with Le Fere. In the meantime Christina spent each day keeping an eye on the weather for the last thing that she wanted was a repeat of the storm the last time she sailed to her homeland. Her hopes for good weather would not be fulfilled and to accentuate that fact a great storm blew up in the channel which lasted for a number of days.

During the third week of October, and after the storm had blown itself out, Jacob's lookouts led by Françoise hid themselves in the dunes on their usual beach. It was the first time that Françoise had led her men to the beach since her exertions in Colchester which she had fully recovered from. This night was the first during a period when Le Fere had said he would attempt a contraband run but the weather was still not in their favour, There was a strong breeze gaining strength which was not at all what Christina wanted if Le Fere agreed to take her to Whitby. Françoise had predicted the correct day for a contraband run and as she expected the sails of Le Marseilles came into view on what little could be seen of the horizon. Françoise abandoned her lookout duties and made her way to the beach where she prepared to row to Le Fere's ship with Carlisle who had joined her by the water's edge. It was during their short trip from the beach to the ship that the both of them realised just how strong the swell and current were and not at all what she wanted when carrying heavy contraband across the water in open boats.

As Françoise climbed the side of the ship she was both confused and alarmed at the damage that she saw on the hull of the vessel, and she could not work out why such damage had occurred and more importantly how the ship was managing to remain afloat with such damage.

Once aboard the ship Françoise was greeted by Le Fere but not with his usual smile for not only was he concerned about the weather but he had no idea why Carlisle was with Françoise.
		'May we talk?' Françoise greeted him. 'You know Captain Carlisle of course and the reason for him being here will be clear to you in a few moments.' She clung on to the port rail as a particularly large swell took hold of the ship.
		'Come.' Le Fere led them to where they knew his cabin was.
		'We have need of seeking transport from you again?' Françoise began her explanation as Le Fere poured out three cups of wine which both she and Carlisle knew would be of good quality. 'But first allow our friend here,' she looked at Carlisle, 'to explain what has been happening since you last set eyes on Christina.'
		'Christina will once again be your passenger.' Carlisle began his story. 'Much in the way of disaster has occurred in recent months, not only to Christina but also to the girl who crossed the channel with us so long ago.'
		'Rebecca?' Le Fere eyed him
		'Yes. She has been abducted and we think, or rather Christina thinks, that she may have been taken to Dartmoor therefore the plight of Rebecca is not what we are here for. Certain accusations have been made about Christina which, unless disproved, will destroy her happiness to James. No doubt she will tell you more when she is alone with you on her journey to Whitby.'
		'Whitby?' Le Fere had not expected to be told that. 'I know the place well enough, and I will do it, but I have to tell you that I cannot make such a journey for some weeks.' He watched the disappointment wash over Françoise' face .
		'My sister is keen to make the journey as soon as she can and before the winter.' Françoise continued there conversation.
		'That is understandable.' Le Fere drank his wine and rubbed his bearded chin. 'No doubt you noticed the damage to my ship as you climbed aboard?'
		'I did.' Françoise realised the significance of the damage.
		'My ship was caught by a strong crosswind when we left Dieppe and we collided with the harbour wall. I examined the damage and realised just how significant it was but we already had the contraband on board so I elected to make this one last journey.'
		'Last?' Françoise took the words out of Carlisle's mouth.
		'Last for a while,' Le Fere continued. 'You see when I examined the damage down in the bilges I found a significant amount of rot and I am supposing it must have been there for some years, possibly even when Christina stared into the depths of the ship some years ago.'
		'I see.' Was all that Françoise could find to say. 'And so it must be put right?'
		'As soon as possible and so after tonight I will take her up the channel to London and have her pulled out of the water.'
		'Why not your home port of Dieppe?' Carlisle found what he thought was a reasonable question.
		'I would not risk another crossing of the channel with such damage and there are good repair facilities in London.'
		'We understand – of course we understand,' Françoise knew the ship must be badly damaged, 'and Whitby?'
		'As I said earlier, I will do it,' he smiled and nodded, 'as soon as my ship is made seaworthy again. And who will go with Christina?' Le Fere began to pace around his cabin occasionally glancing out of the window at the stern of the ship as he often did. 'The weather will not be on our side so I must sail into London as soon as I can.'
		'Christina, on this occasion, will be on her own for I have business elsewhere. I warn you she will ask for and gladly pay for your protection and an escort for a short overland journey to her destination.'
		'Then she shall have it.'
		'I see your men have made a start on our business this evening?' Françoise could hear the noise of cargo being taken off the ship and the crew calling out to her men in the boats.
		'We cannot delay, we are already taking in more water than I would like.'
 
Within the hour Carlisle had gone back to Jacob's house and given Christina both the bad news and the good and to his surprise she understood why there must be a delay. Christina more than any other prospective passenger understood the merits of having a seaworthy vessel, and a look of anguish swept across her face as she remembered the horrors which she had  had to suffer on the last occasion that she sailed across the channel. Her fear for what lay ahead simply increased when she considered that the ship might not be repaired when it should simply to make a journey to Whitby as soon as possible.
----
The following day, and as November and the winter approached, Carlisle said farewell to all his friends at Jacob's house and as he did so he was rather reluctant to say farewell to Christina for he still blamed himself for leading her into peril in Colchester. He was not to know how significant his farewell to her would turn out to be. Having watched her dry her eyes he forced his departure on her and set off on a long journey across North London and towards Dartmoor. He had made up his mind to make a number of necessary diversions the first of which was to London to explain to Helen what was happening before he escorted her to Oxford  from where he would return to Warrick House and gain support from James for his task on Dartmoor. His only regret was that he would not have time to remain in Oxford and make up for lost time with Marian. Having only travelled a short distance from Essex he grew concerned  when the weather deteriorated and turned to snow for snow on Dartmoor would be a huge obstacle to his rescue of Rebecca. His journey to London would take two days followed by another two days to Oxford and a two day stay in Oxford with Marian whilst he waited for James to reach him. There would then be a ride of at least six days to Dartmoor - or more depending on whereabouts on Dartmoor Eleanor's estate lay. This represented a significant distance during in mid November at a time when the snows would very likely grow in severity. Which such a huge journey before him it would be almost December by the time he was back in Oxford - with of without Rebecca.

On the first day of November Carlisle arrived at his London house and was greeted by a warm smile from Helen's newly adopted daughter Judith. He had not reckoned on this new little girl in their lives and so he had to find good horses for both the girl and Helen a task which proved most difficult with all good horses belonging to the armies. He was rather surprised to learn that little Judith professed to be a good rider which was odd given her history in the asylum – truly there was more to this girl than Helen knew. It didn't take long for both himself and Helen to settle down that evening with cups of wine during which time he told her all that had happened in Essex particularly the deaths of his friends and Christina's decision to go to Whitby. It was Carlisle's talk about Christina's planned trip to Yorkshire which mostly occupied Helen's mind which led her to interrogated Carlisle for more information.
		'What does she hope to achieve by doing that? Can  Edward's explanation be trusted? What if he should lie about his misdemeanours?' She was concerned that an explanation by Edward would undermine her hopes for James and Sarah's happiness if James could be persuaded that Rachel's entry in her journal was false.
		'She has to do this thing.' Carlisle drank his wine all the time not knowing that Helen was hoping to find the journal and prove to James that he could no longer associate himself with a woman who had been bedded by her brother-in-marriage. 'In Christina's view she has no choice in the matter.'
		'And so it might come down to Edward's word against those of a dead woman?' Helen summed it up.
		'It would appear so.' He was a little perplexed at her attitude to something which he thought was simple. 'It would seem to an outsider that you are disappointed to hear that there might be an opportunity for Christina to clear her name?'
		'Goodness me,' she threw him a false smile, 'how can you think such a thing of me?' She lied. 'I would do anything for my brother's happiness!' And this time she did not lie.
		Their conversation on this topic came to an end but the damage had been done. Helen was confused as to what she should do next and Carlisle was beginning to mistrust her when it came to the matter of Christina's happiness so he changed their topic of conversation.
		'I have already expressed surprise that your Judith professes to be a good rider which is most odd given her circumstances before you bought her. What do you know of her background?' He offered to re-fill her wine cup.
		'Nothing. I know nothing.' She offered her wine cup to her lips so quickly that Carlisle felt she was doing it to give her self some inner strength.
		'You did not ask any questions of her keepers?'
		'Of course I did. I asked who her mother and father were.'
		'And?' It was Carlisle's turn to drink his wine.
		'And the woman who I talked with and bargained with had no answer, in fact she even went so far as to claim that Judith may not be her name.'
		'Why on earth not?'
		'Because the patients in that place were often given names by the people who work there and if that was the case then her real name may have been lost in time.'
		'And you did not press your point about her parents and the reason for her being in the asylum?'
		'I did not.'
		'Why not? I would have done much as I would had I been buying a horse!'
		'Well she is not a horse,' Helen began to get a little annoyed, 'and I did not feel that I could ask such questions of the woman who offered Judith to me for to have done so would quite possibly have got back to Eleanor from Maurice York and that I did not want.' 
		'Ah yes – Eleanor's brother.' He watched Helen nod an agreement. 'Well perhaps you are right and you have done what you thought was right at the time.'
		'The matter is not important for we can always ask the girl these questions once we are clear of London and Eleanor's clutches.' Helen closed the conversation.
		'Where is Ned?' Carlisle assumed that he was no longer in London otherwise he would most certainly be with Helen.
		'Oxford. I had no further need of him here,' she lied knowing that she had need of him but in her  bed. 'He thought it best to return there knowing you would want his protection for Marian.'
		'It gives me great satisfaction to know that he is with her and I can never thank him enough.'
		
The following day Carlisle, Helen and the girl known as Judith prepared to abandon the stink of London and as the minutes ticked by before their departure Carlisle felt obliged to check that all was well with Judith's saddle and tack. Carlisle lifted Judith's foot to check on her stirrups and whilst he did that he felt justifiable in asking her a few questions. 
		'You claimed yesterday that you are able to ride? Is that the truth of it or were you just trying to make us feel comfortable with our suggestion that we take you away from London to Oxford?'
		'It is the truth, Sir.' She smiled as she looked down from her saddle. 'I would not say such a think if it were not true. That is not what I do as you will no doubt find out.'
		'Will we indeed?' He smiled back at her but the smile was a false one and he was concerned about the way she spoke to him which was not done in a friendly manner and was not the sort of comment that he would have thought to hear from a girl of her age.'
		'Why were you in that asylum?' He felt that there was no better time to ask his question.'
		'I am violent.' She surprised him and spoke the truth whilst appearing to be quite proud of the fact.
		'How violent?'
		'If I do not get my way I break things and I shout so if you do not like that you must return me to my prison.' She was not entirely speaking the truth but she was surely testing Carlisle.
		'Lady Helen owns you not I and she will not allow you to be returned to that place. And in any case I do not think you are as bad as you would have me believe.' He let go of her leg.
		'My mother and father could not live with me that way and so they had me put away.' Judith put a hand gently on Carlisle's hand and smiled. 'So if you will tolerate my behaviour I would be eternally grateful.'
		'I will speak to Lady Helen on this matter but I am inclined to believe that she will be tolerant with you.' He took his hand from hers and climbed onto his own horse as Helen arrived and climbed on hers. He elected to speak to Helen about the girl at some future time.

With London disappearing behind their backs Carlisle was not surprised when snow began to fall again and as they made their way in a westward direction he was more than happy with the way in which Judith handled her horse. She appeared to be perfectly at home on her horse even though there was no side-saddle to be found in any stable that Carlisle knew of. And once again Carlisle was struck by how comfortable the asylum girl appeared to be with her legs either side of her horse.
 
That night the three travellers arrived at “The Traitor's Rest” where they spent a reasonably comfortable evening and night with no sign of any tantrums – or worse – from Judith.

The following afternoon they arrived at Warrick House where they were greeted by Sarah and James. Judith was introduced to them both in a manner which was almost perfect.
		'Has Ned come this way?' Carlisle asked.
		'He has and he has gone on to Oxford to make sure that Marian is safe as I think you might have hoped.'
		'I did and I am pleased with your answer. We will rest here tonight before the three of us continue to Oxford.'
		'You will stay here or at Sutton Manor?' James knew the answer that he would give.
		'Here if Sarah will have us for we have much to tell you.'
		'Including, I hope, an explanation of who is this most pleasant creature?' Sarah held out an inviting hand in the direction of Judith as the girl slid down from her horse in a very practiced manner.

That evening, after a good supper and Judith in her chamber where she was being made ready for her bed, Carlisle and Helen told James and Sarah all that had happened to them in recent weeks. Both Helen and Carlisle avoided the subject of Christina – Carlisle because he did not want to make Sarah feel uncomfortable and Helen because her views on Christina were at variance to those of James and Carlisle. When the subject of Judith came up both James and Sarah were alarmed at the lack of detail about the girl's history and in particular the view, expressed by Judith herself, that she was violent.

		'Are we safe when she is around?' Sarah asked her difficult question.
		'I think so.' Carlisle put her mind at rest. 'I am of the opinion that Judith likes to boast about her condition making her appear to be more grown up than she is.' His judgement was not quite in line with how Judith would behave one day.
		'Well she is now mine to keep.' Helen had made up her mind which effectively put and end to the subject. 'She will be my daughter and I will love her as such.'

A little later and each with a drink in their hands, James and Carlisle took a walk outside and were pleased to note that the snow had ceased. The walk gave James a chance to ask what he could not ask in front of Sarah.

		'And how is Christina?' His question did not surprise Carlisle.
		'An interesting question,' Carlisle set his eyes on James' face, 'from one who is clearly at one with Sarah?'
		'You are not mistaken,' James admitted, 'and given the revelations about Christina my relationship with Sarah should not surprise you.'
		'It does not surprise me Sir. But you should know that Christina has plans to gain evidence which will prove that Rachel's accusations about her are untrue and you have no need to cast aside her future with you.'
		'I see.' James fixed his eyes on the clear night sky. 'Why would Rachel do that?' He looked into Carlisle's face. 'Why would she tell such lies about her cousin.'
		'That I do not know.' He sighed. 'What I do know is that she is set to make such a difficult journey and so you must give her a chance to prove herself to you.'
		'Perhaps.' James gave way but not convincingly.

The following day the three weary travellers abandoned Warrick House and headed for Oxford with flurries of snow falling once again - hardly surprising given the time of year. A few hours later Oxford became a welcome sight for them and once their horses had been stabled they crossed the threshold of Augustus House where Marian fell into the arms of Carlisle. With greetings to Helen completed Marian fixed her eyes on Judith and rather than great her as another guest she said nothing as a look of fear swept across her face. Her legs gave the impression of giving way so much so that Carlisle held onto her and a look of confusion filled Helen's face. With an equally stunned look creeping over Judith's face both Carlisle and Helen could find no reason for the reactions which prompted Carlisle to ask his question.

		'Are you not well?'
		'Well enough in body. Who is this?' She had still not taken her eyes off Judith.
		'Her name is Judith, or so we are told but that may just have been a given name and her true identity is not known to us. In our search for Rebecca Helen found this girl at an asylum and liberated her.'
		'Well I can tell you that her name is indeed Judith.' Marian stunned her audience.
		'How can you know that?' Helen threw in her question.
		'It really is quite simple – she is my daughter!' She noticed tears forming in Judith's eyes – a tears which exactly matched her own.
		'Your daughter?' Helen could not quite believe what Marian had revealed. 'How can that be?'
		'Her father died at Marston Moor and left me destitute. I needed to escape from the dirt and filth of London and secure work.' She cast a glance sideways. 'Please let us go to the fire where we will be more comfortable.' She led the way, holding Judith's hand, into the great hall and a comforting fire. 'I met a man and a woman who agreed to adopt Judith and bring her up in a way which I could never have dreamed of. It was they who arranged for my new life in Essex with Jacob's sister but without my daughter.'
		'But we found her in an asylum?' Helen was confused.
		'I knew that she was in an a asylum for her new parents kept me informed of the girl's education – an education which I could not give her.'
		'But an asylum?' Helen persisted.
		'It is not too surprising really and her new parents did consult me on the matter before having her committed.'
		'For violence?' Carlisle had his say.
		''Yes – for violence, and sometimes quite severe.'
		'And how did that manifest itself?' It was Carlisle's turn to be persistent.
		'Striking out at those who loved her, damaging property, and attempting to set fire to anything that she disliked.'
		'And what was it that triggered these violent attacks?' Carlisle threw his question at Judith.
		'People ignoring me or asking me to do something which I did not want to do.' She stared at her mother.
		'I had no choice,' Marian put her hand on Judith's hand, 'you knew that. I had to get us both out of the gutter and give you a better life.'
		'Yes so you said.' There was no sympathy in her voice.

The subject of Judith came to an end and that night they all enjoyed a good meal over a new subject as far as Marian was concerned. Carlisle explained to her everything that had happened since he had left her in Oxford weeks before and his plans to make a difficult journey to Dartmoor in the hope of rescuing Rebecca from her abductors.

		'Let me be quite clear on this,' Marian wanted to understand everything, 'you plan to ride a great distance, even I know that, to Dartmoor in search of Rebecca who may not even be there?'
		'That is true. No matter how foolhardy our task might be....'
		'….our task?' Marian interrupted him. 'Who is it that will ride with you? Not me and not Helen?'
		'Goodness me no - not I.' Helen spoke up. 'My journey to Yorkshire was bad enough without repeating the experience to Dartmoor in snow. Are you to take Ned with you?' She was genuinely concerned that he might.
		'James will go with me, he has already agreed to that and should be here tomorrow. I did not want to deprive you of Ned yet again for the safety of all of you in this house is very important to me.' Carlisle smiled at each of the women.
		'And do you know where this house or estate is on Dartmoor?' Marian resumed her questioning.
		'I do. I spoke to those in Parliament who would know before we abandoned London and although Rebecca may not be at Dartmoor those with whom I spoke to and trust were of the opinion that it was just the sort of place that Eleanor York would have the girl taken too.'
 
With a few minutes spent discussing the finer points of Carlisle's plans and which route he might take the subject came to an end as Marian – urged on by her motherly instincts – took Judith to her chamber. Once Judith was asleep and her mother had returned to the dining table the subject of the girl became the main topic of conversation once again.
		'And so we have an interesting situation here with the arrival of Judith and one which I had not anticipated.'
		'What kind of interesting situation?' Helen spoke ahead of Marian.
		'To be blunt Judith is now owned by Helen who must surely have intended to act as her mother.'
		'I do.' Helen made her point in no uncertain terms as she set her eyes on Marian.
		'On the other hand Marian is her mother and since I have intended to spend the rest of my life with Marian I had not planned on taking on the role of a father to Judith.' He watched a look of what he could only describe as mild shock wash across Marian's face.
		'I have no intention of resuming my role as a mother to Judith.' Marian cleared up any doubts that the others might have over her intentions as she took a large gulp of a wine from the cup which was offered to her by a servant.
		'I see,' Helen also drank her wine, 'and so she is mine?'
		'To do with as you please and I am quite certain that you will make a good mother to her.' Marian appeared in every respect to be satisfied with her decision. 'And so tonight I put Judith to bed as any mother would and tomorrow you must wake her up as a mother would.'
		'Remarkable!' Carlisle called out. 'Quite remarkable. Helen goes to one of many asylums in London and pays for the ownership of Judith who turns out to be your daughter and would have been my ward had Marian not decided that the girl was better off with you Helen.'

29. DARTMOOR
November 1648

The following morning James arrived as he had promised and together he and Carlisle set off in the direction of Dartmoor. The journey was expected to take a full five days by Carlisle's calculations and that was taking no account of the snow which was now falling quite heavily. Both James and Carlisle agreed that it was pointless delaying their journey until the snows were gone for that could have been months away and all during that time Rebecca was in the hands of Eleanor's paid assassins and therefore in danger.
----
After a ride of almost six days the two weary travellers arrived at at an inn at what should be their last stop before confronting the occupants of Eleanor's house on Dartmoor – a house which would be almost cut off by snow. Much discussion between the two prospective liberators of Rebecca had taken place all during there journey – discussion regarding the finer points of taking the girl from her abductors. And one of the subjects of their discussion was transport for Rebecca if and when they took her to freedom. Buying another horse for the girl's use was considered and abandoned for the simple reason that yet again there was no horse of quality available. James rightly felt that there must be horses, perhaps even a carriage, at Eleanor's house otherwise how did Rebecca and her kidnappers reach the place? A few questions thrown in the direction of the inn's Landlord reaped rewards greater than Carlisle could have expected. Eleanor's house was known to the landlord and he was able to give them a name and a location which fortunately was located in the northern end of Dartmoor which would save them a further day's ride. The information from the landlord also included the name of one of those who were staying at the house, a man called Dent and the same man who led the attack on Rochford House which was so instrumental in Susanna losing her life. The landlord knew Dent's name because he had been in the inn to buy food and drink – more drink than food. James asked if any kind of food fit for a child had been bought and the response was favourable because milk and bread had been asked for which was not the sort of thing that the landlord thought would be consumed by Dent and his men. 

The following morning, and soon after dawn had broken, Carlisle and James set out on the last leg of their journey of Rebecca's liberation. Although dawn had broken James and Carlisle rode almost in darkness because the continuing heavy snow rendered the sky almost as black as it had been overnight.

As they approached their goal it occurred to them that the weather was both an advantage and a disadvantage. The advantage lay in the fact that in the overcast weather they would not be seen approaching the house and it was against them because they would not be able to take as much time as they would have liked to reconnoitre the lie of the land and the house. And so they had no option but to attack the place almost as soon as they got there.

During the afternoon the grey silhouette of the house came into obscure view ahead of them and it was then that Carlisle decided to take a look through a nearby window before making their presence known to those inside. It was during that search that Carlisle found a downstairs window round the back of the property open which was surely very odd given the weather conditions outside. Returning to the front of the house and looking for a second time through the window Carlisle was sure that here was no sign of Rebecca which didn't surprise him given that she was a prisoner. There was however a man who looked just like Dent talking to another man rather heatedly as if something had annoyed him which indeed it had. With nothing further to be gained from looking through the window Carlisle and James prepared their pistols plus their swords and daggers and struggled through the snow to the right of the window ready and willing to take the fight to those inside.

By now the weather had deteriorated alarmingly with a blizzard stinging their eyes and a temperature well below zero slowing every movement they made. No matter how bad the weather was Carlisle and James would not allow it to affect what they must do. 

The fight that ensued when the door was opened in answer to Carlisle's knocking was swift and entirely in keeping with what James and Carlisle had expected and planned would happen. As Dent lay dying on the floor with a musket ball in his heart Carlisle gave his verdict on his dying enemy. 'That is justice for the killing Susanna and the destruction of my house!' The second, and as it turned out only other man in the house, was shot by James and did not warrant any words said over him. The next task ahead of them was to search for Rebecca but the silence in the house did not give them much hope of finding her which given the weather conditions outside did not bode well for her safety.
		'Where is the girl?' Carlisle threw his question at the dying Dent.
		'What girl?' Dent was deliberately evasive as Carlisle fixed his glare on articles of clothing lying on a chair nearby.
		'There is a bonnet and a cape over there which by any stretch of the imagination is not for either of you.'
		'She escaped.' Dent gave in as he spat blood. 'We were paid to keep her here.....'
		'….by Eleanor York?' Carlisle interrupted him.
		'I will not say.'
		'No matter,' Carlisle gave up on the man, 'we know it was her. And so you have allowed the girl to escape your clutches and take flight in this weather?' He could see that Dent was not going to answer him. 'Without bonnet or cape. You have surely put her in terrible danger from the weather out there.'

It wasn't many moments before Dent had let out his final breath and so the task of finding Rebecca now became the task in hand for Carlisle and James.
		'The snow may be Rebecca's downfall.' James picked up the unused child's clothing. 'But in one respect it will be our saviour.'
		'How so?' Carlisle couldn't see it.
		'Footprints in the snow from the open window. They will lead us to her and if God is with her we will be in time. And with her enemies now dead we can bring her back here and put some warmth in her before making our escape.' He watched Carlisle nod an agreement.

Some minutes later James had found the footprints which he expected and along with Carlisle they covered a distance of about one hundred paces where they found Rebecca huddled behind a snowdrift and out of sight of the house. She was not conscious. Lifting the body of such a young girl was easy enough for James and Carlisle and it wasn't long before they had carried her back to the house and deposited her by the warm fire and covered her with furs which James found in a back room..
		'Brandy.' James announced as he held a bottle in front of Carlisle after finding it in the kitchen. 'I know she is young but it may do the trick.'
		'We will know soon enough.' Carlisle nodded as he looked at her blue lips and fingers.
		'And a good cupful for you and I.' James poured it out and lowered it to Rebecca's lips where he allowed it to seep into her silent and motionless mouth which were not silent for long.
		'Sir?' She used the same title that she often used when addressing Carlisle. 'Master James?' Her blue lips added.
		'You are safe, your abductors will trouble you no more.' James reassured her.
		'I will leave you to attend to her needs,' Carlisle climbed to his feet, 'I will examine the stables and hope I will find at least one horse for her.' He remembered that Rebecca was quite an accomplished rider. 'Or perhaps even a carriage with enough horses. She clearly came here by one or the other.' He headed for the front door.

James and Carlisle gave Rebecca that night to recover from her near-death experience and as the hours dragged by some colour returned to the young girl's body. Carlisle's expedition to the nearby stable had been more successful than he could possibly have imagined. There were horses and a carriage in the shelter and so he elected to use one of the good strong horses rather than the carriage for Rebecca. James and Carlisle discussed what to do with the house when they had abandoned it and indeed what to do with the horses which they had no use for. For one unrealistic moment Carlisle had a mind to burn the place down as Dent and his men had done to Rochford House so long ago. He abandoned that idea as he considered how useful the property might be for any weary traveller lost on the moors and in search of some place of rest. Another topic of discussion was what to do with Rebecca once they were back at Warrick House for it was certain that once Eleanor discovered what had happened on Dartmoor she would make further attempts to abduct the girl. An inspirational idea crept into Carlisle's head which he shared with James and that was to tell Eleanor only part of the truth which was that her paid assassins had allowed the girl to escape only for her to die in the severe weather outside. James was impressed by the workings of Carlisle's mind even more so when his friend added the fact that Eleanor would be told that Rebecca had been buried in her mother's tomb at Warrick churchyard. Even Eleanor would not attempt to open a grave and check that she had been told the truth.

The following morning they were all pleased to find that the snow had stopped falling and the the countryside basked in a sun drenched morning and a blue sky. With the very best horse saddled for Rebecca Carlisle and James began what would be a long and tiring journey back to Sarah's house. And it was good to see a smile light up Rebecca's little face.

		'When do you expect Eleanor to discover her failure?' James asked the first of many questions as the Dartmoor house fell behind them.
		'No doubt I will call upon her in London and tell her the sad news.' He smiled. She will have to know sooner rather than later so that we can put an end to her using Rebecca as a tool to achieve what she would otherwise not achieve.'
		'Quite so.' James nodded as he rode alongside Carlisle with Rebecca behind him and the spare horses behind her. 'And so you will return to London?'
		'I will if only for the fact that I will delight in my story of Rebecca and wait for Eleanor to come up with another plan which undoubtedly she will.'
 


























30. TO LONDON AND ESSEX
December 1648

Carlisle found himself back in London several days later having rather ignored the heavy snow which had attempted to slow  down his progress. Dartmoor had hardened him to such an extent that the poor weather appeared to no longer bother him. Once in London and having made sure that his horse was well stabled Carlisle found himself hammering on the front door of Westgate House the home of Eleanor York.
		'My favourite enemy!' Eleanor smiled once he was inside and in the great hall. There is no animosity between us,' she continued as she poured him a cup of wine, 'just a certain knowledge that you will always do your best to hinder me and I will always be one step ahead of you.'
		'In that respect,' Carlisle took the cup which she offered him, 'I may be one step ahead of you.'
		'And what makes so so certain of that?'
		'You took Rebecca from her rightful guardian and held her for ransom.'
		'Not quite for ransom and it is debatable if Sarah Richmond is her rightful guardian.'
		'You had her locked up in a Paris convent and she was not your child to do that too.'
		'We are playing with words,' Eleanor wrapped her fine fingers around her cup and offered it to her lips, 'what is it that you want?'
		'More recently you had Rebecca locked up in your house on Dartmoor?'
		'I would deny that I ever had a house on Dartmoor but quite clearly you have found the place?'
		'Your other enemy Christina knows more about you than you would like for she knew that you and Sir Geoffrey had a house there and when he died it was left in the care of his brother but for you to use as you thought fit?'
		'I see, well what of it? And yes Christina is also my enemy.' 
		'We found the place and found the girl – not quite locked up as you might have imagined.' He drained his cup just as she approached him with a jug to fill it again. 'No doubt this is news to you since your paid assassins - not very reliable assassins at that - allowed the girl to escape.' He could see by the look which had washed across her face that this was news to her. 'The atrocious weather outside cannot have escaped your notice?'
		'What of it? You are not here to talk of the weather.'
		'Well in a sense I am for you imagine such weather as this on Dartmoor where it is so much colder and last week snow fell for days until it made riding so difficult for powerful horses let alone a child who has fled from her prison.' Once again he could see the look of astonishment on her face.
		'And no doubt you found her?'
		'We did but we got there too late.'
		'Too late?' She supped her wine for courage.
		'She was dead. Frozen.'
		'And where is she now?' Eleanor found the only thing she could say to ease the pain in her black heart.
		'At rest.'
		'Where?'
		'In the same tomb as her mother Rachel in an Oxfordshire graveyard.' He knew Eleanor would not go looking for the grave. 'So you see your little bargaining tool has been taken from you by the weather and the incompetence of the assassins you employed.'
		'Is Christina still in Essex?' She changed the subject to relieve her guilt.
		'You must think me a fool if you imagine that I will answer that.'
		'Well you are certainly not a fool, I have always known that.'
		'Perhaps only when I left you alone with my documents some years ago?' He smiled.
		'Perhaps.' She equalled his smile.
		'And so you have little going for you you now? And much against you?'
		'Explain?' She gave him a sideways look.
		'You no longer have Rebecca as a bargaining tool and you have the accusations in Rachel's journal hanging over you – accusations which you would rather Harry did not hear of.' He knew she had no answer to his comments and so he made to go. 'You wine is good as always, but I must take my leave of you and leave you to ponder over what harm you can inflict upon us now.' He watched the silence seal her lips. 'Where is Harry these days?'
		'I have word that he is on his way to London for the trial of His Majesty.'
		'A yes,' Carlisle thought back to a few years before, 'the King's trial must be such a toil for you?'
		'How so?'
		'One wonders where your loyalties will lie, with the King as they once did when your husband was alive or with Parliament now that you are with Harry.'
		'Goodnight captain Carlisle.' Eleanor knew he had the measure of her on this occasion.

Two days later and having no reason whatsoever to remain in London, Carlisle found himself at the front of Jacob's house having given up on the ruins of his own house on the way. He was glad to be rid of Dartmoor, of London and of Eleanor though he was not entirely clear of her conspiracies and interferences. He was pleased to be greeted by François, Christina and Jacob in that order and he was pleasantly surprised at how well both women looked after the devastations suffered in Colchester.

		'I had not thought to see you still here?' He kissed the back of Christina's hand. 'I had expected you to be on your way to Yorkshire with Le Fere?'
		'There has been a complication.' Christina smiled at him for no reason whatsoever as she remembered the night he tried to bed her when they were on their way to Naseby.
		'What complication?'

Christina told him the story of the damage to Le Marseilles and the repairs that were necessary.

		'Well the delay may be to your advantage for I have it on good authority that Harry is no longer in Yorkshire which will leave just you and Edward to clear the air in your favour.'
		'And that must be a good thing,' she was clearly thankful for the information, 'I have to say I was not looking forward to a reunion with Harry. And how do you know this news of my husband?'

Carlisle told his assembled audience of all that had happened since they were last together and he also let it be known that he would be leaving them once again on the morrow and would likely not return for some time unless Christina needed him. He ended the conversation with a warning to Christina.

		'This journal business,' he rubbed his chin, 'is of much importance to you and I have to tell you that it is equally so for Eleanor who needs to gain possession of the document to stop it falling into the hands of those who might pass it on to Harry.'
		'And who would stop her?' Christina's question was a valid one.
		'That I do not know but she would certainly need help in finding the journal and I cannot think of who that would be/' He had clearly not considered that it might be Helen.
		'On the other hand,' Christina ran the problem through her mind, 'if she were to destroy it then the lies that Rachel wrote about me would be lost forever.'
		'Well let us hope that we do not have to rely on that fact when you drag the truth from Edward's lips.'
		'As I most surely will!' Christina was sure of herself.





31. A DANGEROUS JOURNEY
December 1648

It was in the following day and only two weeks before Christmastide that Christina's journey to Whitby began – a journey which she hoped would save her relationship with James. Although the journey would begin off the shores of their usual Essex beach Christina would learn that an added complication was to delay her arrival in Whitby – a complication which could not be avoided and Captain Le Fere very much regretted.

François crashed into Christina's chamber as she was preparing for dinner in a manner which was unlike her and gave Christina the impression that something was wrong.
		'My dear sister,' Christina began as she faced her sister, 'whatever can be wrong to make you enter my room in such a manner? Has there been some calamity?'
		'No calamity,' François shook her head but it is time for me to say farewell to you.'
		'Le Fere is here?' Christina had made the correct guess.
		'Indeed yes. His ship is in the bay as we speak and he is signalling that we should make our move from beach to ship.'
		'Not a journey which I am looking forward to but I have my bag ready.'
		'You may not be looking forward to it but it is a journey which you must make. You have said so yourself.'
		'I know it.' Christina glanced out of her window as she made ready to leave. 'Snow!' She stated the obvious. 'What could be worse?'
		'A storm such as the one you endured in 1647 would be much worse I would venture.'
		'That is true.' Christina thought of her journey to France which almost killed her. 'And once I have done with this voyage I swear that I will never set foot on a ship again!' She smiled. 'Today there is no storm,' she stole a glance out of her window, 'just snow.....'
		'…..which at its worse will simply make your farewell difficult to see from the beach.' Françoise interrupted her.
		'And difficult for any enemy of mine to watch me depart.'
		'You think you will be watched?' Françoise gave her sister a sideways look.
		'I would put nothing past Eleanor York.;
		'That is true,' Françoise agreed. 'although she could not know the purpose of your journey, she will assume that you are returning to France.'
		'Well let us not put her mind at rest!' She could not possibly have known how significant that statement would be.

A few minutes later both women were on the beach watching a small boat heading their way, Jacob having left them and gone back up the beach to wait for Françoise to complete her task.
		'Where is Carlisle?' Christina screw up her eyes as she tried to see Le Fere's ship through the heavy snow which was still falling.
		'He left this morning. He thinks he might reach Oxford in three days if he made an early start.'
		'I wonder when we shall see him again?'
		'God alone knows. I do know that he has plans to return to London after Oxford for the trial of the King, after that well he purchased our sister Isobella's house in Bristol and he has plans to settle down there with his mistress Marian.'
		'Marian?' Christina did not quite believe that she had heard correctly. 'The servant girl?'
		'The same,' Françoise gave her sister a smile which could not be seen through the snow, 'a servant girl who thinks she is above being a servant girl.'
		'Well when it comes to Carlisle she is entitled to that belief it would seem.'
		'He certainly is taken with her.' Françoise finished their conversation.

As they spoke Carlisle was indeed riding in a westward direction but because of the snow he had elected to take a more northerly route than that which he normally took. Because of his unusual route Carlisle was unable to see that Eleanor and her soldiers – many soldiers – were riding in the opposite direction further south on the coast road which she had used on her last fateful journey to Carlisle's place and so he was in no position to warn Christina which as it turned out would not e a problem.

Having already said farewell to Françoise Christina watched the cutter from Le Fere's ship arrive to within wading distance of where she stood in nervous anticipation of the journeys that awaited her. Christina waited for the french sailors to wade ashore and carry her to the cutter. Her farewell to Françoise would prove to be a wasted as one of the French sailors asked Françoise to accompany Christina to the ship where their Captain had something urgent to tell them. He asked his question in French which Christina had no difficulty in understanding. As they approached the ship Françoise fixed her eyes on the figurehead at the bow, she had seen it often but never with an accumulation of snow on it. Le Fere had once told her that it was a Greek goddess but she knew not which one. Some minutes later Christina once again scrambled up the side of the ship that she knew so well - her climb, nevertheless was just as difficult this time around as it always had been made all the worse by the layers of snow and ice building up on the ship's sides. Le Fere was on had to help her gain a foothold on the deck and without delay he led her to his cabin where the usual cups of wine were ready – three cups of wine which led Françoise to understand that he had expected her to abide by his instructions and accompany Christina to the ship.

		'No doubt you are prepared for your journey to Whitby?' He offered her a cup of wine.
		'Prepared, no.' She took the cup from him. 'Keen to get it over and done with - yes.'
		'Then I must disappoint you., he handed a cup to Françoise, 'which is why I have asked Françoise to accompany you to my ship.'
		'What disappointment?' Christina swallowed.
		'We cannot take this ship to Whitby, not yet away.'
		'Why?' Françoise stole the question from her sister's lips.
		'Because she is leaking like a sieve. The shipyard hands in London were not of the calibre that I would have liked and since their repairs I have discovered more rotten timbers in her hull.'
		'I see.' Christina was both disappointed and relieved.
		'Added to that fact half of my crew are back in Dieppe where I sent them when I realised how long these failed repairs would take. They went to Dieppe in another ship whose Master I know well enough. I must return for them as soon as I am able for quite apart from the repairs needed to this vessel I would not venture up the north sea in winter with so few sailors on board. Your safety is my main concern.'
		'Well I thank you for your concern.' Christina smiled and as she did so she noticed for the first time that there was a hint of grey in Le Fere's beard. Little wonder given the hectic life which he was leading made all the more interesting by her own demands on him. 'So what is my fate whilst your ship is being repaired?'
		'You are welcome to accompany me to Dieppe and your companionship will be most valued. It will make the journey from Dieppe to Whitby quicker than having to return to Essex for you once we are repaired and then heading for Whitby from there.'
		'I see.' Christina considered what other possibilities might be open to her.
		'Or you could remain here.....'
		'….and suffer a long wait and a longer journey to Whitby. No thank you Sir. I will accompany you to France.'
		'Where you will not set foot ashore,' he warned her, 'we do not want a repeat of what happened to you the last time I took you to your homeland.'
		'Indeed not.' She agreed.
		'Which is why I asked Françoise to accompany you here so that she would be aware of your delay in sailing to Whitby and therefore your delay in returning.'
		'As always you have thought of everything.' Christina's belief in Le Fere was even stronger than it had been before.
		'And now you must say farewell to your sister,' Le Fere made ready to leave his cabin, 'for I am eager to depart these waters and this snow.'
		'I leave my daughter in your capable hands.' Christina wrapped her arms around Françoise. 'Between you and her wet-nurse I know she will be safe until I return with the news that I hope for from Edward so that I might put James' mind at rest. Both women were pleased to see that the snow fall appeared to be easing off leaving a clear view of the beach from the ship.

As Françoise abandoned Le Fere's ship and made the short journey back to the beach she failed to see Eleanor and her men on the dunes watching her until it was too late. Eleanor's opening remark could not be construed by Françoise as being threatening which rather surprised her.

		'And so Christina is fleeing from my clutches once again, back to France?' Eleanor could just about see Le Fere's ship through the gloom and even her limited knowledge of maritime matters told her that the sails were being made ready for departure.
		'And just in time.' Françoise chose not to tell Eleanor the truth about her sister's destination. 'I do hope our conversation will not end in bloodshed as it did last time we confronted each other?'
	  	'I mean you no harm.' Eleanor appeared to mean what she said as the snow began to fall heavily once again and Le Fere's ship disappeared into the gloom.
		'Strange though it may seem I believe you.' Françoise could see Jacob approaching them.
		'And this time my escort are not paid assassins as the last ones were. Like me they mean you no harm. They do however have close connections with the Customs men in these parts.'
		'Should that mean anything to me?' Françoise dug deep to portray an air of ignorance.
		'Perhaps. Perhaps not. We shall see.' Eleanor was evasive as Jacob came alongside Françoise.
		'Since you intend no harm to us perhaps we could return to our house and discuss this matter in some comfort since the weather is not on our side. There are good stables to be had for your escort.' Françoise was genuine with her offer for she felt it was time to put to rest all the animosity that surrounded Eleanor's pursuit of Christina. She hoped that they might come to an understanding of a future for Christina and Eleanor. She watched Jacob for signs from him that he was in agreement with her suggestion, and he was. 
		'It would be appreciated.' Eleanor maintained her non-threatening behaviour.
		'Any betrayal of our good offer to you will be met with  violence. Françoise is a good shot taught well be me and I have many men who would shed blood to protect the two of us.' Jacob gave out his warning.
		'Many men who are also smugglers?' Eleanor knew she was right but chose not to take the matter further.
		'We have invited you in peace and you will find no evidence of smuggling in these parts.' Jacob made his point.
		'Not in the winter months I agree.'
		'Not at any time.' Jacob emphasised his point.
		'We come in peace,' Eleanor repeated, 'there is nothing to be gained through violence.'
		'Unlike the violence which was inflicted on Rebecca?'
		'It was not of my choosing and those men were rough and not of the quality of my escort today. Her death was regrettable.'

Some time later Eleanor was in the comfort of Jacob's house in front of a very welcome open fire and her escort were in the relative company of the stables as agreed.

		 'Well now that you have failed to seize my sister let us talk of other matters.' Françoise began. 'It is Harry's desire to be rid of Christina and, more than that, to gain access to the properties which she is able to call her own but are not in fact her own. Being a woman she cannot own property as you well know, she can only own money of which she has a great deal and I would suggest that it is her fortune which Harry has need of.'
		'Go on Eleanor sipped the wine which Jacob had given to her.
		'After her father's death the property in Orleans was left to her by way of Christina's brother Robert but for the sole use of Christina and that has now become a problem for Harry.' Françoise could see that Eleanor agreed with her. 'Which leaves only her wealth which he would gain if she were to die still as his wife. Harry would not accept an annulment for that would be tantamount to admitting that their marriage was not valid in the first place. A divorce on the other hand will not give him her wealth.'
		'You appear to be well versed in the subject of the law and inheritance?'
		'Jacob taught me all I know. He had to make sure that he left his affairs in order for me should anything happen to him.'
		'I see.' Eleanor drank her wine and considered her next move.
		'So despite the fact that my sister would gladly give Harry a divorce, indeed she would desire it, it would do you and Harry no good whatsoever for the only option open to you is to have her killed of arrested and executed, and then Harry would gain her wealth.'
		'That I know.'
		'In which case you would want her returned to England, something which she will not do and we will not ask her to. And you know this well enough. You can threaten us with your Customs men all you like but you will not win.' Françoise deliberately avoided the fact that Christina was not to set foot on French soil and once her task in Yorkshire is complete she will be back in Essex.
		'And she cannot wed James if what I have heard is correct for James will not accept a woman who has been bedded by her brother-in-marriage.'
		'Ah,' Françoise smiled, 'now you talk of Rachel's journal – a subject which is close to your heart.' Françoise smiled at Jacob.
		'It is. That I grant you.'
		'And close to Christina's?'
		'And you both want the journal destroyed for quite different reasons.' Françoise was not aware of Helen's intentions for the fate of Rachel's journal.
		'Quite so.' Eleanor was tiring of a conversation which was not to her advantage at all.
		'And so you know what your task is now that you cannot lay hands on my sister.' Françoise ended the subject but not before she had given Eleanor a final warning. 'If this fight between you and I develops into violence I warn you now that I would have no hesitation is killing you unlike the last time when I only wounded you. This time I would have good reason to kill you and it would not be to protect my sister though that would be be a very attractive outcome.'
		'Go on?' Eleanor drank her wine and waited for Jacob to fill it once again.
		'It is because of you that Christina, Isobella and I fled to Colchester where we were caught up in the siege of that city and I lost Isobella and my own daughter. You alone are to blame for that which is reason enough for my wanting you dead.'
		'Parliament's attack on Colchester is no fault of mine.'
		'I do not see it that way.' Françoise decided that she had said enough. 'We have talked without malice this evening and I propose that we keep it that way until you decide that there must be violence between us.'

The rest of the evening was indeed spent in relative calm with much talk on so many subjects except for those which they disagreed upon. With the snow continuing to fall heavily outside  Eleanor retired to her chamber and prepared to abandon her enemy the following day. As she lay awake in her bed she though over all that Françoise had said, particularly about what she must do with Rachel's journal. And once again the problem of what it claimed about her and what it claimed about Christina were at variance with each other when it came to destroying the journal or not. She simply could not turn James against Christina if she was to destroy the journal to protect herself in the eyes of her lover Harry.

Christmastide was spent in quite different circumstances for Eleanor and Christina. Eleanor was making plans to ride from London to Oxford to find Rachel's journal and with that in mind, and remembering that Oxford was an unknown city to her, she recalled a conversation with Helen Seymour who had offered to help her one day. Christina's circumstances were quite different for she was marooned on Le Fere's ship in Dieppe whist repairs were carried out to her hull. Even a small gift from Le Fere and plenty of good quality wine did little to improve the desperation which she felt at spending Christmas in a foreign port. Her discomfort was made worse when Le Marseilles was lifted out of the dark waters so that its rotter hull timbers could be replaced.
 
Helen spent Christmas with Marian, Carlisle and Judith. To her delight Ned joined them on Christmas evening having ridden through heavy snow from Warrick House after which he was happy to report that Rebecca was in good health and so too were James and Sarah. Rebecca had been returned to Warrick House, which was after all her home, some days before when Carlisle and James decided that she was safe from the clutches of Eleanor's assassins since Carlisle and James had disposed of them both on Dartmoor.

As 1648 turned into 1649 Eleanor made her plans to go to Oxford whilst Christina made ready to bid farewell to Dieppe since Le Fere had told her that the repairs to his ship were coming to an end and although he considered the work to be adequate he really was of the opinion that Le Marseilles was coming to the end of her useful life and he would have to look for a new ship if he was to continue living the life that he had always pursued. His apprehension about the state of his ship filled Christina with dread for even she knew that sailing up the north sea in mid winter in a ship which was coming to the end of its life was a rather foolish thing for them to be doing. Still if she survived the journey and she got what she wanted from Edward then it would have been worth the risk and then she could have said her farewell to Le Marseilles once she was back on her beach in Essex.

Le Fere had made good use of their idle time in Dieppe by planning what he would do once they reached Whitby. He intended to buy horses and escort Christina to Harry's Yorkshire estate with three of his most rusted men. Once Christina had achieved her goal he would take her back to the ship and then to Essex where he would say farewell to her until such time as she needed his help again – in a different ship.


















  31. LADY CAROLINE NORFOLK
The  second week of January 1649

On the first day of January the trial of King Charles began in London and whilst he was  in Oxford Carlisle had been told that the trial was about to begin and so he made a very wintry journey to London. Carlisle had always promised himself that he would attend at least some of the trial which it was assumed would put an end to a civil war which had destroyed the country and a sizeable proportion of the population. It would also signal the end of the double life which he had led for so many years with his life being at risk more often than he cared to remember. He regretted having to leave Marian once again but at least this time he could see an end to all the unrest and it would give him some kind of closure on a very difficult few years of his life. As the skyline of Oxford fell behind him he thought about Rachel Hanover and how pleased she would be to know that the King was to be put on trial for treason the outcome of which would be as life-ending as it was for her.

Some hours later he wandered into Warrick churchyard and stood before Rachel's tomb to spend a few minutes in reflective silence with one gloved hand resting on the cold slab of her final resting place. A smile creased his war weary face as he remembered using this grave as the final resting place for Rebecca as far as Eleanor was concerned – an act which actually ensured Rebecca's safety from the clutches of her enemies. He knew that Rachel would have approved of his clever deed.

With the snow continuing to fall heavily he dismounted by the door of Warrick House and waited for the stable-boy to look after his horse which he did with very little delay. Once the formality of welcome greetings was over with from Sarah, James and Rebecca Carlisle found a comfortable seat by the fire in the great hall and listened to all the news that Sarah and James could muster which was very little when compared to his own adventures.
There was a period of a few minutes when James and Carlisle found themselves alone, Sarah having gone upstairs to see to it that Rebecca was going to her bed without any tears or tantrums as was so often the case. Sarah was gone longer than usual.
		'What is to become of you and Sarah?' Carlisle accepted a jug of ale which one of the servants offered to him.
		'In what respect?' James asked.
		'You are well settled into this place with Sarah yet you wait for Christina?'
		'I have a mind to wed Sarah and so make by son my legitimise heir instead of the bastard which he currently is.'
		'You would abandon Christina?' Carlisle kept an eye open for Sarah returning.
		'It must be remembered,' James had his answer ready as if he had expected the question, 'that Christina was bedded by her brother-in-marriage with a suggestion that Edward had her consent before the act.'
		'But you do not know that she consented?'
		'I do not but I cannot accept that Edward Norfolk raped her.'
		'He may not have bedded her at all?'
		'You mean Rachel Hanover wrote only lies in her journal when it came to the subject of Christina?'
		'It is possible,; Carlisle drank his ale, 'remember you and I knew her better than anyone and yes she was more than capable of writing lies about a cousin whom she hated.'
		'But we do not know that.'
		'But you will not give Christina a chance to clear her name? You will not wait?'
		'How?' James stared at him. 'How will she do that?'
		'By gaining a written declaration from Edward that Rachel did not write the truth. Christina, the mother of your daughter, is, even now as we speak, on her way to Whitby to speak to Edward herself.'
		'Is she indeed?' James' eyes fixed on Sarah as she came back into the room and picked up a cup of wine.

With their conversation at an end Carlisle did not know how the matter had been left. Would James wait for Christina or not? He rather suspected that he would not.

Sarah joined them with an unusual request which was not of her making.
		'Carlisle,' she began, 'Rebecca has asked me if she could go with you to London for the King's trial?'
		'Is that not unusual for a girl who is not yet ten years old?' Carlisle did not dismiss her request out of hand.
		'It is.' Sarah wrapped her fingers around a cup of wine and took a seat next to them. 'But I have grown use to her acting in a rather mature manner. And I am quite sure that you would agree with me were you to spend any time with her.
		'I will not say deny her request but it must be later not tomorrow.'
		'Why must it?' Sarah drank a good mouthful of her wine.
		'Because it will not be a public trial and so I would not be allowed to let her attend and I must be sure that Eleanor is not in London, only then will I come back for her, and James if he will come, and together we may see the King executed.'
		'It will come to that?' James had clearly not thought it would.
		'He has been charged with treason and there only ever is one punishment for that no matter how high your status might be. So yes he will be executed and then, only then, will I return for you and Rebecca.' He fixed his eyes on James. 'You are after all more her guardian than I.'
		'Very well then I will leave it to your judgement when and if we can go with you.'
		'But the matter will be out of our hands if I find that Eleanor is still in London when the time comes for you to join me there, Remember she has stolen Rebecca from you once already we cannot expect her to accept my word that Rebecca is dead and in her mother's tomb if we parade the girl where she can be recognised.'
		'Well we will leave it to your good judgement as to when and if she can go.'
		'If Eleanor is not in London and therefore I deem it safe for Rebecca to come with me then it would do the soul of Rachel much good.'
		'Of course.' James nodded a smile, 'Her departed soul would take great satisfaction from knowing that her daughter had witnessed the death of the King in whose name she herself was executed.'

The following morning Carlisle left Warrick House and set his sights on a long cold journey to London with one stop only at “The Traitor's Rest”. He had not long departed when Sarah explained to Rebecca why she was not going with him – yet. It was some time later that James sat down with Sarah and brought up the subject of him being wed to her and her reaction was not as he expected.
		'Nothing would please me more than to be wed to you James and for our son to be your lawful heir, but,' she held the palm of one hand up to silence any arguments which he might throw her way, 'you are promised to Christina who is the mother of your daughter and although it would please me more than you might suppose to cease being your mistress Christina has first call upon you.'
		'You are being very generous in her direction?'
		'I must. You and I have had each other more often than we should and bedded others when perhaps we should not but let us now make our destiny the correct one and for the right reasons. Allow Christina to prove herself if it is within her power to do so.' And there, as far as Sarah was concerned, the matter was at an end.

That evening Carlisle reached his intended inn for the night and as he ate a rather good supper he reflected on the part that the inn had played in the whole sorry saga of Rachel and Sarah with other players including Colonel Sir George Mortiner and Master Cowpepper having their input into two complicated lives.

The following night Carlisle reached London and his own house where he was greeted by his household and a good bottle of wine with food to follow. As his heavy eyes closed through exhaustion and the warmth from the fire giving comfort, he reflected on the years gone by and the relationships that he had experienced both in love and war. He had lusted after Rachel and had a stormy relationship with her which was never going to end happily. He had lusted after Françoise and taken away her innocence until she grew tired of him and then he had been attracted to Christina which never ended with him successfully bedding her which on reflection he was grateful for because it resulted in he and her having a much closer and more stable relationship than would otherwise have been the case. And then he had found Marian and despite her low standing in life he had decided that she was the one for him, and perhaps it was so because she was so different from the other women in his life that he had decided to spend the rest of his life with her, despite what others might say. There was, however, to be a twist to the happiness which he planned with Marian.

The following morning and before he had made up his mind where he was going that day there was a caller at his door whose voice he did not recognise.
		'There is a Lady Caroline Norfolk to see you Sir.' His servant announced.
		'Caroline Norfolk? Please show her in and bring wine without lecturing me that I have not yet had breakfast!' He smiled as he recalled the name Norfolk and was of the view that she was the sister of Edward and Harry Norfolk.
		'My dear Captain Carlisle?' Caroline held her hand out towards him which he took in his and kissed it.
		'Carlisle will do just as well as Captain which is a title I no longer use now that the war is over.'
		'Very well Sir, for my part Caroline will do just as well before you use my title of Lady.' Her comment conjured up a conversation that he had had in 1641 with Rachel Hanover when they had first met after her father's execution. 'I come to you with much in the way of news concerning Christina among others which is a burden to me yet will not be so if I can share it with you.'
		'I am intrigued.' He eyed his servant as she brought in wine in, poured two cups and offered one to his guest and one to her master. 'What brings you to my door? I mean how did you hear of me and my association with Christina?'
		'Your reputation goes before you my dear Carlisle. I have friends – spies you might call them – who knew your reputation well enough including your bedding of women.' She threw him a very seductive and encouraging smile. 'I know much about you.'

Carlisle examined her and wondered why she talked of his bedding women? Perhaps she wanted to be included in his list of conquests and so, just for a moment, a thought flashed through his mind about bedding her despite his love for Marian persuading him otherwise. It was of course the wine which dictated his thoughts. Her appearance, including her tight fitting crimson red gown, did much to make him interested in her. Caroline was a fine looking woman and not at all like other women he had known. She had shoulder length dark brown hair worn loose and with a parting exactly – perhaps too exactly – down the centre of her scalp. If he had known her for any length of time he would have remembered that she always wore her hair loose. She had not a single blemish or scar on her face, she had a perfectly straight nose and thin lips and her brown eyes exactly matched the colour of her hair. When she smiled she had very little in the way of creases by her mouth. He watched her sip her wine as she held her cup with very slim almost bony fingers. As his eyes abandoned her good looks he fixed his concentration on her breasts which were large for one who was so slim. He had no idea how old she was but he could guess because he knew how old Harry was and seemed to recall from a distant conversation with Christina that Caroline, who was unmarried and lived in Reading, may have been about thirty-nine which made her extraordinarily attractive for a lady of that age.

		'And what is it that you would share with me?' He tore his eyes from her and began instead to wander around the room.
		'Three things have made me seek you out, each in its own way as important as the other two.' She drank her wine rather greedily.
		'Go on.' He emptied his wine cup and filled it again before adding more of the crimson liquid to her cup which she drained almost immediately.
		'I need hardly ask if you know who I am?' She offered her cup and waited for him to fill it again which he did despite being rather surprised at the speed at which she had consumed the first two cups.
		'Yes I know who you are, Edward and Henry are your brothers.......'
		'….and Eleanor York is my enemy.' She surprised him with the nature of her interruption. 'Perhaps not enemy as she is in Christina's eyes nevertheless I dislike her.'
		'Which is why you are here in my house?'
		'Yes.' She began drinking her third cup of wine in just as greedily a fashion as her first two cups. 
		'And is it my help you seek?' Carlisle could think of no other reason for her visit. 'And if so then in what capacity?'
		'I do not want your help Sir,' she was firm in her reply, 'I simply have a need to make you aware of certain matters involving Eleanor and Judith.'
		'Judith?' He was surprised at the name. 'Dear me your spies have been busy?'
		'In a manner of speaking yes but it is fortunate that I do know of her which brings me to my first point.' She did not wait for an answer from him for her statement did not require a response. 'Judith is a very dangerous little girl, surely you must know this?'
		'I suspect it but I am intrigued as to how you know it?' Thought-lines creased his forehead. 
		'The people who took her in when your Marian Hutchins gave her up, were and are still, friends of mine. Judith has a temper if she does not get her own way and twice she has set fire to her foster parents house which caused much damage and on one occasion resulted in the death of a servant. Judith is a very dangerous girl which is why she was in an asylum until Helen Seymour handed out her money. Judith will kill again unless you lock her up.' She watched Carlisle for some reaction which was not forthcoming. 'So be careful. Be very careful.' She ended the subject of Judith.
		'This I know and I thank you for your concern.' Carlisle was surprised to know that Caroline knew about Helen and Marian. 'And your second point is?' He cocked his head to one side and sat on an uncomfortable chair next to the one that she was seated in.
		'Eleanor is my second point. I cannot stand the thought of her being wedded to my brother Harry. Whatever has gone on before Christina is my sister-in-marriage and it should remain that way. I do not want Eleanor York as my relative.'
		'Well that will only happen if Harry is able to dispose of Christina.'
		'I know that and I know all about the legal matters involving Christina's estate in Orleans and of course her substantial wealth.'
		'I am not sure what it is that you want of me in this matter?' Carlisle hoped for an answer but correctly doubted that she had one.
		'I want you to keep Christina out of reach of Eleanor's assassins.'
		'We have been trying to do that for some years.'
		'That I know.' He reply did not surprise Carlisle. 'Which brings me to my third reason for my visit.' She noticed that his eyes were fixed on her breasts which were tightly hidden by the satin of her gown. 'There is a secret which concerns a journal written by....'
		'…..Rachel Hanover.' It was Carlisle's turn to have his say. 'Yes I know all about those accusations – those writings.'
		'Those?' She eyed him carefully. 'I only know of one accusation which involves Eleanor.'
		'Not Christina?' He decided he would not mention Christina's dilemma.'
		'No not Christina. I know nothing of any accusations directed at her.'
		'Go on? What is it that you know of Eleanor?'
		'It is claimed that she was bedded by her brother-in-marriage – my brother Edward.'
		'This I know and I rather suspect she would do all in her power to get hold of Rachel's journal and destroy the evidence.'
		'She will not destroy the evidence.' Caroline swallowed another large mouthful of her wine. 'Whatever she might do to Rachel's journal she will not destroy the evidence of my own eyes.'
		'You have seen the journal?' Carlisle was rather surprised.
		'No. I have seen the indiscretion taking place which the journal claims took place.' 
		'This I did not know.' Carlisle climbed out of his chair and added more wine to her cup and his own, and as he did so he was rather surprised to notice how quickly she was drinking it.
		'I saw the whole thing. I saw the way she enjoyed my brother bedding her. She did not see me.'
		'And you were not witness to any other shall we say indiscretion with Edward and another or perhaps another two?' He refused to mention Rachel or Christina and what had been claimed of them.
		'I am not in the habit of spying.' Her claim did not rest easily with Carlisle. 'I only know of the incident involving Eleanor.'
		'And did anyone else witness this discretion?'
		'One other,' she conceded, 'a squire by the by the name of Phillip Astle but I do not know what became of him.'
		Carlisle so much wanted to say “I know exactly what became of him. I had him killed.” but he decided to leave well alone. 'And why do you tell be about Eleanor's night with Edward?'
		'I rather hoped you might use it against her and so release Christina from her nightmare banishment.'
		'And if you dislike Eleanor as much as you claim would you not confront her with this evidence yourself?
		'I cannot stand the women and besides I know for a fact that she is not in London.'
		'Where is she?'
		'That I do not know but it makes no difference for I would not speak to her. And so I ask you again, would you not confront her with what I know?'
		'I could.' He spoke the truth without knowing that he would never see Eleanor again. 'Well I thank you for your confessions which are in every respect astonishing.' He exaggerated the fact that he was astonished. 'Where are you staying tonight?'
		'A nearby inn of good repute,' she smiled, 'and no doubt you would offer me a chamber here in your house which I would decline knowing what I do about your reputation with women especially after a good quantity of wine.' She smiled and placed her cup on the table. The cup was empty again which was her way of saying that she would not risk a night of drunken passion with Carlisle like the night he took Françoise to his bed or so her spies would have her believe.

		Carlisle returned the smile at her belief in his sexual habits which were of course entirely true and so he banished from his mind all thoughts of Marian and tested Caroline's resolve to take a bed elsewhere. 'It is true that you are welcome to stay the night here, the decision, however must be yours.'
		'Then fill my cup Sir.' She answered him. 'And we shall see if I take a chamber at the inn or here in your house.'
		'And so the quality of my wine determines if I shall have the pleasure of your company tonight?'
		'The quality of your wine and the attraction of yourself!' She astonished him with her confession.

		Carlisle leant across her to fill her wine cup and as he did so he could not help but fix his eyes on her breasts – and she knew it. Her next move both astonished and surprised him. She took hold of his free hand and placed it, palm down, just above her breasts.
		'Perhaps I will take up your offer of a chamber in your house tonight. My head is spinning and so I cannot face walking to my inn.' She rather hoped it would be his chamber rather than one of her own.
		'Very well.' He watched her as she drank more wine and some of the crimson liquid ran down her chin and onto his hand. A moment later, and following her vague offer to spend the night with him, he met her lips with his own as his fingers crept inside the top of her gown and the wine on his hand dried instantly at the touch of her warm breast and a red stain from the wine crept through the silk fabric.

It did not take many minutes for Carlisle to entice Caroline to her chamber, and it did not matter if it was his chamber or hers for his intentions, and hers, were clear for each to see. When it came to removing her gown Carlisle showed no finesse which seemed not to concern her as she consumed yet more wine some of which did not reach her lips but ran, instead, down her naked body. Once they were both naked Caroline climbed on him and guided him inside her with a gasp of breath escaping from her red lips which became even more red when she drained the wine from her cup. She leant forward and buried her lips on his as pleasure overwhelmed her and his seed ran deep inside her.

Carlisle took her again a few minutes later but this time she was not on top of him but instead faced away from him and he – to her clear delight - became master of their love-making. All during their exertions Carlisle thought nothing of Marian for both he and Caroline were awash with their own desires aided no doubt by the consumption of so much win, much of which was spilt all over their naked torsos.  

The following morning and once he was alone in his house  again Carlisle reflected on Caroline's revelations, and whilst it was true that he was familiar with much of what she had told him he had not known that Caroline had witnessed Eleanor's discretion. He had a mind to use the information to force Eleanor to end her pursuit of Christina but that would involve finding her and confronting her with his new evidence. But where was she? She could be in Yorkshire although that was unlikely, she could be in Dartmoor examining her estate there. What he did not consider was that she was on her way to Oxford. And so Carlisle resigned himself to the fact that his strong evidence against her would have to wait for he had appointment at the trial of the King and James and Rebecca would soon join him in London. He gave little or no thought to the night which he had enjoyed with Carline.






















32. INFERNO
Later that week

On the sixteenth of January 1649 Eleanor York's carriage slid to a halt on the ice covered cobblestones outside “The Bird Of Prey” in Oxford a few paces from the bench where years before Rachel had taken a drink with Carlisle. Eleanor peered out of the window through the gloom of yet another snowfall and decided that she had little appetite for staying at the inn yet she had little choice in the matter for Oxford was alien to her and she had nowhere else to go to. The “Bird Of Prey” inn would do just as well as any other inn or tavern for it was unlikely that better could be found in Oxford. She called out to her driver and demanded that he enquire where Augustus House was which was where Helen Seymour was living and it was Helen whom Eleanor had urgent business with.

Her journey from London had been dangerous and foolhardy enough in such weather but she could have delayed her mission no longer for she had every intention of accepting Helen's offer of help which had been made to her long ago in Yorkshire - help was what she now needed so that she could find Rachel's journal and have it destroyed. And whilst the location of the journal was unknown to her Helen may have an idea or two given that she knew Oxford well and would certainly know where the offices of Master Cowpepper were which was a possible place of safe keeping for Rachel's journal. What she did not know was that the fate of the journal rested with whoever got their hands on it first. Eleanor wanted it destroyed to protect her reputation and her future whilst Helen would want it kept safe so that she could prove to her brother that Christina was not a woman who could be trusted and his future, therefore, lay with Sarah Richmond.
----
Many miles away and across the channel Le Fere's ship left the Port of Dieppe with its one passenger – Christina Norfolk – who was giving thanks that her enforced stay in the French port was at an end but not giving thanks that they were headed into a very stormy and snowy North Sea. Le Fere's feeling about the state of his ship would not have sat comfortably with Christina had she been party to them. Her Captain could only describe the repairs to his ship as “the best he could have expected and would last for perhaps one more return journey before he would have to lay her up whilst he found a new ship or at least one which was in better condition that he had”. Whilst Christina was not looking forward to her ordeal at sea and in Yorkshire she was looking forward to standing on dry land once again, and she hoped that the rose water and other potions she had been given by Le Fere would succeed in alleviating the body odour which had built up on her during her long confinement on board his ship. It would simply not do to meet Edward smelling as if she had crawled out of a sewer.
----
Elisabeth unlocked and opened the front door of Helen's house as soon as she heard the frantic hammering.
		'My Lady?' she addressed Eleanor for the appearance of this new guest left her in no doubt that her guest was indeed a lady.
		'Is this the home of Helen Seymour?' Eleanor considered that it was beneath her to talk for any length of time to a servant.
		'It is,' Elisabeth smiled, 'I shall announce you if you would be so kind as to wait inside.' She stood aside as Eleanor stepped inside after waving her single escort away from the house.
		'Hello stranger?' Helen smiled as she dismissed Elisabeth and stood before Eleanor. 'I had not thought to see you in Oxford.'
		'Did you not?' Eleanor gave her a quizzical look. 'I find that rather odd since back in Yorkshire you offered to assist me if ever I needed help.'
		'Ah yes,' Helen remembered their conversation, 'so I did.'
		'And I do not take you for one who would go back on her word.'
		'Indeed not.' Helen was suddenly rather glad that Rebecca was no longer living with her because as far as Eleanor was concerned she was at rest in the same tomb as her mother. And there was no danger to Judith from Eleanor for Eleanor had no idea who Judith was. Helen nevertheless was acutely aware that she must remain vigilant at all times when she was with Eleanor in case she slipped up by announcing that Rebecca was still alive.

It was a few minutes, and after a good plate of food was had by Eleanor, that the two women relaxed with cups of wine in the great hall, a place which was had a unique atmosphere about it with the spirit of Rachel Hanover residing in every corner. Eleanor was thankful for the food which although hastily thrown together on a plate was undoubtedly far more palatable than anything that might have been put before her at the inn.

		.Might I stay here tonight?' Eleanor was rather forward with her request which didn't particularly surprise Helen. 'You see I have seen my chamber at The Bird Of Prey and it is not what I am use to.'
		'Of course you must stay with me.' Helen felt as if she could not deny her, and in any case had Eleanor not been so blunt with her request Helen would have suggested it anyway.
		'Who is this?' Judith demanded as she came into the room - her outspokenness second only to Eleanor's but not expected from a child.
		'Goodness me,' Eleanor stared at the girl, 'so demanding. I did not know you had a child living with you?'
		She is mine by adoption.' Helen decided to be rather vague with the truth for although she knew that Eleanor was no danger to Judith she did not want to explain that Judith was the daughter of Marian. And her decision was timed very well indeed as Marian made her entrance close behind her daughter. 'I have another guest staying with me,' Helen decided that she had to continue being sparing with the truth, 'Marian, is a good friend of mine.' She hoped that Marian would act like a lady as much as she could and not a servant. In this respect Marian would be entirely unsuccessful. Once introductions had been completed Marian sat close by Eleanor with a cup in her hand which she began to drink from in a manner which was not at all like a lady would adopt. 'Marian,' Helen decided that Marian would be better out of the room, 'perhaps you would help me out by seeing to it that Judith has eaten?'
		'Of course.' Marian could see from the look on Helen's face that she would entertain no discussion on this matter. Marian reluctantly abandoned her wine and walked out of the room with a bow in Eleanor's direction which only a servant would do.
		'I would imagine,' Eleanor waited for Marian to be well clear of the room, 'that you are wondering why I am here?'
		'I am pretty certain that I know why you are here. You want me to help you in some endeavour?'
		'Well endeavour is a strange way of putting it,' Eleanor began her explanation, 'It concerns the lies written in Rachel Hanover's journal.'
		'Which we talked about when we were in Yorkshire at Harry's house.;
		'We did and I took you at your word when you said you would help me.' Eleanor reminded her.
		'I will not go back on my word.'
		'I am pleased to hear it.'
		'And I am assuming that you know where this journal is?' Helen tested her.
		'I am told that the most likely place is Master Cowpepper's office.'
		'And who told you that?'
		'I have friends who would know and more importantly who would tell me.'
		“No doubt your paid spies?” Is what Helen wanted to say but refrained from doing so. 'And so we must break into his property?'
		'Well yes for I can think of no other way of getting hold of it.'
		'I am not familiar with breaking into property.' Eleanor did not surprise Helen who, in any case, had no intention of answering her and, as it turned out, didn't need to.
		'I am !' A voice called out from behind her.
		'You?' Eleanor fixed her eyes on Judith not just because of her declaration but because she did not know that the girl was in the room. 'I thought you were eating?'
		'No. It was you who wanted me to eat, not I.' She ignored Marian who had followed her into the room.
		'How are you familiar with breaking into property?' Helen questioned her adopted daughter with as much surprise on her face as there was on Eleanor's face.
		'I did not exactly break in,' Judith chose her words carefully, 'I was  simply small enough to climb through an open window.'
		'Where? When?' Helen was wondering just how many more secrets the girl could surprise them with.
		'In London, before I was cast aside and put in an asylum.'
		'Because you were violent and set fire to property?' Helen corrected her.
		'I was violent and set fire to property only because those who called themselves my guardians thought they could control me and so they stopped me from going outside with my friends.'
		'Friends who stole for a living?' Eleanor threw in her own question.
		'Yes.' Was Judith's matter-of-fact reply as if it was quite normal.
		'You must understand,' Helen thought she had better issue some kind of warning, 'that what you have heard Lady Eleanor and I speak of is a great secret and must not be repeated to anyone.'
		'Of course.' Judith smiled. 'May I have some wine for my secrecy?'

Eleanor could not take her eyes off the girl and she began to wonder what kind of a household she had entered. Here was a girl who was dangerous and was offering to help them and at eight years of age was now asking for wine. The other occupant of the house was Marian who was in every respect a servant but would have the household believe she was a lady which quite clearly she was not. What Eleanor did not know was that Marian was the mother of Judith.

		'My dear Marian,' Helen's words greeted Marian as she came back into the room, 'would you be so kind as to take Judith to her chamber so that she can continue with her needlework? She does not need to hear what Lady Eleanor and I are discussing.'  
		'Of course.' Marian took hold of Judith's hand even though the child had seized a cup of wine from the table.
		'So we are agreed,' Helen began as the girl was taken out of the room, 'we have one aim in mind which is to get our hands on Rachel's journal?'
		'We are agreed.' Eleanor smiled as Elisabeth came in the room and added more wine to both of their cups. And it was now that Helen began to consider the potential for a struggle between her and Eleanor – a struggle for possession of the journal. Helen wanted to use it to drive Christina from James whilst Eleanor wanted it destroyed. At some stage this conflict of desirers was going to manifest itself in their actions.

After supper Eleanor retired to her chamber early on the excuse that she was not feeling at all well, whilst Marian and Judith were allowed to join Helen for the evening in the great hall which was awash with the aroma of burning logs. Marian listened carefully to Helen's explanation about her intentions for Rachel's journal. Helen had correctly assumed that Marian would assist her with gaining possession of the book. Judith listened to all that was being said as she reluctantly went about her needlework before she began, without respite, to quiz Helen and her mother about the purpose behind stealing a journal from a Lawyer's office. With a promise given by the girl that she would not repeat the conversation Marian explained in the simplest possible terms what must be done once the journal was found and she could see that it was all becoming rather confusing for he girl.

		'So Lady Eleanor wants to destroy the journal? Judith watched her mother nod. 'Whilst my Lady Helen wants to use the document?'
		'To drive Master James from Christina leaving him free to wed Sarah Richmond.' Marian put it in the simplest terms possible.
		'And so I will do all that I can to make quite certain that My Lady Helen – my mother,' she stared at her real mother for some reaction which was not forthcoming, 'wins that argument!'

The very next morning Eleanor did not rise from her bed for she had developed some kind of fever which Helen and Marian did not recognise. Whatever ailed her she was far from being well enough and strong enough to make any attempt at breaking into anyone's property. Eleanor was so glad that she had asked for and been granted a comfortable chamber at Augustus House rather than the horrors of a room at the inn, or any inn come to that matter and this despite her reservations about two of her house-mates – Marian and Judith. All during her illness Judith continued to tell her how useful she was going to be at assisting the planned break-in, and Eleanor never for one moment doubted her.

All during Eleanor's confinement Judith often thought about the conflict which would take place between Helen and her guest when it came to what to do with the journal if indeed it was found. Judith never for one moment swayed from her determination to ensure that Helen would win such a battle and so Sarah Richmond's happiness would be assured. 
----
Struggling to make headway against yet another gathering storm Le Fere's ship made slow progress northwards towards Whitby in another gathering storm. The awful weather was having it's usual effect on the health of Christina although not quite as much as had been usual in previous years - no doubt she was becoming use to prolonged life at sea. Occasionally she was forced to stand on the main deck by the prow in an effort to gain some fresh air the results of which were somewhat successful when it came to Christina's stomach which was at the expense of getting a good soaking and coating of salt from the sea spray. By the time Whitby came into view she would know the back of the Greek goddess figurehead as well as she knew her own daughter.
----
On the twentieth day of January, and after a decision had been made by “The Rump Parliament”, the trial of the King began and Carlisle attended the proceedings which were in every respect boring with the King refusing to recognise the court and its jury. Carlisle was rather glad that he had not encouraged James to bring Rebecca to London so early in the proceedings. Once he knew that a judgement and end to the trial was imminent he would ride to Warrick House and bring them both back with him. On the twentieth as he struggled to remain awake during the trial he wondered just where Christina was in her desire to seek the truth about her supposed indiscretions with Edward. Whilst his thoughts turned to Marian, and to a lesser extent Helen and Judith, the planned activities of the women were unknown to him. He was not even aware, nor could he be, that Eleanor was staying in Helen's house and a plan was about to be put into action which would have disastrous consequences..
----
Five days later on the twenty fifth of January Eleanor was well enough to put their break-in plans into action and get her hands on Rachel's journal at the offices of Master Cowpepper. Both she and Helen decided that the night of the twenty third was as good as any and so during the day both women plus Judith and Marian took a walk around Oxford and examined in as much detail as they dare the architecture of Cowpepper's offices. It was during this spying mission, as Judith would call it, that the girl noticed a small open window at the rear of the property – a window which was very much like ones which she had squeezed through whilst on similar break-ins in London before she was incarcerated in the asylum  

Helen did not know that her lover Ned was on his way back to Oxford after a brief but significant stay at Warrick House.
		
That night Eleanor asked Elisabeth to light the candles in three lanterns which the girl was quite familiar with doing whilst Eleanor was not. Helen was quite relaxed about Elisabeth knowing what their plans were for she was entirely trustworthy – Helen's faith in Elisabeth knowing what they were about to do would be more than justified later that night and would go a long way towards saving Helen's life. The three women with Judith in tow made their way to Cowpepper's offices on the other side of Oxford as midnight approached which they felt would leave them almost alone on the streets of the city. Marian, with very little persuasion from the other two women, elected to remain outside and raise the alarm if she saw anyone approaching the offices, and for this reason she carried no lantern it being felt that she would be too conspicuous if she had the yellow glow of a lantern illuminating her. As expected the property was locked up except for the open window which Judith's young eyes had noticed earlier. It took only a few moments for Judith to slide her slim body through the open window and unlock the door from the other side. She glared at Eleanor as both women began to search for the journal. And were it not for the description of the journal given by Elisabeth they would have had no hope of finding it for Cowpepper's filing system clearly could only be understood by him and Bridget.

As the search continued Judith found a trap door in the floor and when she opened it she found nothing but blackness before her eyes. Judith left the door open and concentrated instead on the woman who was rapidly becoming her enemy – Eleanor.
		'When you find this journal you will be giving it to my Lady Helen?' She stated rather than asked knowing full well that Eleanor had no intention of doing such a think.
		'I will not,' Eleanor could not even be bothered to turn and face her, 'I have told you before that this is not your concern and you should keep your opinions to yourself. I am growing tired of you acting like a grown up when all you are is a little girl who should be seen and not heard. For too long now I have held my tongue and ignored your attitude towards your elders.'
		'My attitude towards you is just as it should be.' Judith abandoned the open trap door and stood in front of Eleanor whilst Helen continued her search in the background oblivious to the conversation which was taking place. All during this time  Judith's temper began to rise as Eleanor attempted to put her in her place. 'My loyalty lies with my mother Lady Helen not with you.' She finished.
 		'She is not your mother!' Eleanor added fuel to the rage which was engulfing the girl. And all during their argument Eleanor slowly inched back towards where Judith knew the open trap door was inviting her to fall down it.
		'Perhaps you might find your precious journal down there!' Judith gave Eleanor a push and watched her fall down the hole and with her went her lantern.

Eleanor let out a loud scream as she disappeared into the abyss and as her lantern hit the floor with the candle falling out of the shattered remains and spreading flames on the straw covered floor beneath her. It was now that Judith could see what was down in the basement as the flames began to spread all around the broken body of Eleanor. The room was simply a cellar – an extension of the floor above and more storage for Cowpepper's documents. Judith watched Eleanor's eyes open but she said nothing which told the girl that the woman was badly injured and perhaps even paralysed - there was however a look of terror on her face as Helen joined Judith by the hatch.
		'She fell.' Judith explained her actions in simple terms.
		'Well she is hurt and we must get her out of there.' Helen began to climb down the almost vertical ladder-like steps which Judith had not noticed before there was light in the cellar.
		'Don't go!' Judith pleaded with her Helen not quite knowing if her reason was to save Helen or condemn Eleanor.

It was now that they heard frantic hammering on the outside door and Marian's voice calling out for them to open it.

		'Why is the door locked?' Helen, inched her way down into the inferno as sent her question to Judith. 'I did not lock it.'
		'I did.' Judith saw no point in denying it, 'I thought it best since we did not want others joining us in here.'
		'Well go and unlock it.'
		'No!' Judith was adamant, she didn't after all want anyone coming to the aid of Eleanor. She wanted the woman dead. And it appeared that her reply had made Helen realise that she meant it and if the door was going to be unlocked she would have to climb back out of the hole and unlock it herself which was something she could not do without leaving Eleanor to her fate. A moment later Helen reached the foot of the steps and with it the flames of the fire and certain death if she remained down there any longer. 

It was now that Judith could hear Marian continue to call out from the other side of the locked door and turning the handle without success. Judith ignored Marian whilst knowing all the time that the longer that help was not forthcoming the more likely it was that Eleanor would die which is exactly what Judith wanted. With Marian's calls continuing and Helen's screams for help ringing in her ears Judith heard the unmistakable voice of a man joining in the cacophony of shouting - she did not know that the voice belonged to Ned. Some moments later which to Judith seemed like an eternity yet was only five or so minutes the outer door gave way to Ned's strength and he entered with Marian close on his heals. Judith's first response was held in check by the sound of falling and burning timber in the hole below her and an immediate cessation of of Helen's frantic calls for help.

		'My Lady Helen is down there and needs your help.' Judith's pleading eyes met those of Ned. 'And so too perhaps does the woman who came with us.' She added – not because she wanted too but because she felt she should.
		'My God!' Ned wrapped some sacking round his face as he prepared to face the flames below. 'How long has she been down there?' He placed one foot on the burning steps.
		'Some minutes,' Judith swallowed, 'she climbed down there to help the woman.'
		'Help with what?' Ned paused at the top of the steps.
		'Our search for Rachel Hanover's journal.'
		'Which would have been a waste of time.' Was Ned's  parting remark as he disappeared into the flames – a remark which for now Judith chose to ignore.

It wasn't long before Ned returned to the hatchway with an inured Helen over his shoulder and in that moment both Marian and Judith were so glad of his intervention and his strength.
		'Some obstacle has fallen across the side of her head.' Ned stated what the other two could plainly see from her injury. 'She is alive and she will recover but the wound will leave her marked for life.' He wiped away the blood from Helen's face as gently as he could.
		'And Eleanor?' Marian asked since Judith clearly had no intention of asking after the woman's welfare and Eleanor was nowhere to be seen.
		'Eleanor?' Ned looked at Marian.
		'I assume it is Eleanor who is down there,' Marian looked into the pit of death.
		'She fell into the hole and then my Lady Helen climbed down to help her.'
		'I saw nobody else down there.' Ned shook his head. 'I will look again but the place is a mass of flames with roof beams falling all the time. 'There is straw on the floor and documents all over the place. 'I hold out little hope of finding her alive.'
		'Then do not go down there.' Judith pleaded.
		'I must try.' Ned climbed down the burning steps.
		'You cannot risk your life.' Judith ignored the look of confusion on Marian's face.
		'You want her to be left to her fate?' Marian was astonished that she may be right.
		'No.' Judith lied for that was exactly what she wanted.

A few moments later Ned climbed out of the cellar for the last time and over his shoulder slumped the burnt and shattered body of Eleanor.

Within minutes they had abandoned the inferno and reached Augustus  House with Helen managing to walk almost unaided whilst Ned carried the remains of Eleanor over his shoulder and deposited her in the library.
		 'We will decide later what to do with her.' He led the others into the Great Hall where he asked Elisabeth to fetch clean dressings and water. 'And once you have done that would you go and fetch a physician so that your Lady Helen may be treated for her burns.' He watched the girl nod her understanding. 'You know of a physician?' 
		'I do Sir, I once had occasion to call for one for My Lady Françoise.'

Once their privacy had been restored with Elisabeth's production of clean dressings and water followed by her departure to call a physician Marian decided that the time was right to ask Ned a question which had been troubling her ever since he had entered  Cowpepper's offices.

		'You said earlier that our search for the journal would have been a waste of time?'
		'I did. Or to be more accurate a waste of time in Cowpepper's offices.'
		'How so? We had assumed that it was the most logical place to look?'
		'At one time that would be true but it is no longer the case for the journal is not there.'
		'You speak as if you know where it is?' She noticed that Judith was listening rather intently to the conversation.
		'Well in a manner of speaking I do, you see I came here from Warrick House where Lady Sarah was entertaining a guest.'
		'Would I know this guest?'
		'Indeed you would, it was Bridget Cowpepper who had with her the journal which you seek.'
		'Why?' Judith took the words from Marian's lips.
		'Because Bridget and her father had finished with the journal and decided that it should be given to the only person alive who was related to Rachel.'
		'And Sarah was her half-sister?' Marian actually needed no confirmation.
		'Just so.' Ned smiled as he noticed Helen had opened her eyes for the first time since their evacuation from the fire and now appeared to be concentrating on everything Ned said.
----
Carlisle was spending yet another day in court in London as the trial of the King was coming to an end and so too was a judgement which was not in the King's favour.
----
Christina had reached the Yorkshire home that she once knew so well from her days as his wife. The last part of her journey had been completed in relevant peace now that the snows had subsided and she was never so glad to see the back of the ship's figurehead which she had chosen to call a goddess. With the war now over the availability of horses in Whitby was even better than Captain Le Fere had expected and so it didn't take long for Christina and her escort to reach the home of Harry where she found to her delight that Edward was in residence and better still Harry was not.
----
Helen's wounds were dressed as best they could be and Marian who did know a little about medicines and herbs from her days as a Lady's Maid was more than impressed with the woman physician whom Elisabeth had brought to the house, With treatment complete the woman issued a note of confidence to Ned and Marian whilst ignoring the concerns of Judith. She warned that although Helen would recover she would be left with terrible scars to the side of her head and face. Once Ned was satisfied that Helen was receiving the very best of care, and she was certainly not in any danger, he abandoned Oxford early the following morning and made his way to Warrick House where he hoped to find James – his intention being to make James aware that Eleanor ,Christina's enemy, was dead.

		'My dear fellow', James greeted his old pal by the entrance to Warrick House and embraced him as he would a brother. 'What brings you here?' He ordered a servant to bring ale for the weary traveller.
		'I have news which you must hear for it will be to the advantage of Christina.' He accepted James' indication for him to go into the Great Hall where, as always, there was a good fire.
		'What news might that be?' James smiled as Sarah joined them and threw her arms around Ned. 

Ned told James all that he knew of the disaster at Cowpepper's offices and the fact that Eleanor was dead and her body, once recovered, would be buried in an Oxford graveyard if room could be found. Ned explained - but not in so much detail - the injuries sustained by Helen in the fire which caused a concerned look to sweep across James face – hardly surprising since Helen was his sister.
		'Well Eleanor certainly could not be brought here to Warrick  churchyard?' Sarah picked up her needlework.
		'I really did not know what else to do, I know so little about her and certainly I had no knowledge of a final resting place which she might have preferred so I decided on one of the less crowded churchyards on the outer fringes of Oxford and if Sir Henry decides that she should be moved then so be it. I understand your concerns about any thoughts of bringing her to Warrick church given that.......'
		'…..Susannah is buried there,' James finished his sentence for him.
		'Well I cannot speak for her since I never set eyes on her,' Sarah had her reply ready, 'but as James has indicated she was indirectly responsible for the death of Susannah and so I would be more than a little displeased to have her buried so close to me and in the same churchyard as Susanna. It would be a stain on my sister's memory.'
		'This story which you tell,' James changed the subject, 'concerns the journal of Rachel Hanover?'
		'It does.'
		'Which is here in this house.' He knew that Ned was aware of that.
		'And neither Eleanor nor Helen knew that.'
		'They did not.'
		'And so Eleanor's death was a wasted life?' James could find no remorse in his voice. 'A pointless exercise?'
		'It appears so and so too are Helen's injuries the result of a pointless exercise.' Ned thought of her and the pain which she was suffering. 'Have you read Rachel's journal?'
		'I have.' James drank his ale.
		'And what is it that she has written that so much affected Eleanor?'
		'It was not so much how it affected Eleanor as how it affected Christina and Helen.'
		'Tell me more?' Ned allowed James to refill his tankard.

James explained all that he had read in the journal and as he did so he was glad of Sarah's input in areas which he was unfamiliar with. The effect which the accusations had on the fate of Christina brought Helen's involvement into the story.

		'And now I understand why both Eleanor and Helen wanted to get their hands on the journal.' Ned nodded as he looked intently into his ale. 'They both wanted the journal for quite different reasons.'
		'Quite so.' James agreed. 'Eleanor to protect her reputation and Helen to protect me, or so it would seem.'
		'By getting the evidence that would blacken Christina's name so that you would not wed her. She always has wanted you to wed Sarah.' Ned smiled at Sarah as she listened intently to their conversation.'
		'And having read the journal yourself Christina's guilt has been proved without Helen having gained access to it.'
		'Unless Rachel lied when she wrote it.' Sarah abandoned her needlework.
		'Which we can never know unless Rachel put pen to parchment admitting that she lied when she wrote her journal.' James pondered over the matter as he realised how unlikely that was, and so he abandoned all thought of it.

What he did not know was that Carlisle had been told exactly that by Caroline Norfolk, Carlisle, however, had other things on his mind as he continued to listen to the proceedings at King Charles' trial And so in ignorance of Caroline's facts James changed the subject to one which was dear to his heart.
		'Which brings me to another point which is not entirely unrelated to Rachel's accusations.'
		'Go on?' Ned could see that Sarah was also paying heed to what he was about to say.
		'Will you be here on the morrow?' James was fairly sure that he would be.
		'I will.'
		'I will need you to do me a great favour.'
		'Which is?'
		'I will tell you tonight after Sarah and I have exercised our horses in the direction of Oxford.' He could see that Ned, not unnaturally, had no idea what he was talking about. 'Tell me Ned how is the road to Oxford from here?'
		'Passable with care, on horseback only for a carriage or wagon would struggle in the snow. My journey from Oxford took perhaps two hours longer than it would have done without the snow.'

Within the hour James and Sarah were on their horses riding in a westerly direction leaving Warrick House behind them with Sarah still unsure what James' intentions were. She was, however, glad of the fresh air and the exercise, so too, no doubt, was her horse.
		'Where are we headed?' She called out to James who was ahead of her.
		'Wait a while and all will become clear.' He turned and smiled at her – a smile which she had grown use to ever since he had read Rachel's journal. It was almost as if the accusations made against Christina were a great weight lifted from his shoulders and he had made a decision which he was happy with.
		Within the hour the two riders had arrived at a hillside which, if it were not for the snow, would have been as green as it was in October 1642. It took only a moment for Sarah to recognise where James had taken her and she was not reluctant to remind James of the fact.
		'This is where you took me in the autumn of 1642?' She brought her horse to a standstill next to him.
		'And not against your will if memory serves.' He smiled.
		'No not against my will.' She met his smile with one of her own. 'So why are we here? Or have you some wild notion that we are going to repeat the act in the snow?' And just for a moment she hoped he would.
		'I think not.' He climbed down from his horse and offered a hand of help for her to do the same. 'Come.'
		'Then why are we here?' She joined him in the snow.
		'I brought you here because as you so rightly say it was on this hillside that I took you before our lives fell apart some six years ago and our relationship was destroyed by civil war.'
		'I know that.' She creased her forehead as her feet began to get cold and so she stamped her feet.
		'And so I thought it was appropriate that I brought you here to tell you that tomorrow I will wed you as I should have done all those years ago.' He could see that she was speechless. 'I have made the arrangements at Warrick church.' 
		'Goodness me,' Sarah finally found a few words, 'you have been busy.' She continued to stamp the cold from her feet.
		'Since love reached its climax here for you and I a little over six years ago we have both experienced love with others but now the time has come for me to commit to you and so our son will be my legitimate heir and you will no longer be my mistress.'
		'And Christina?'
		'My love for her is tainted.'
		'Because of your other lover's accusations – Rachel's accusations - which may be untrue.'
		'Or true.' He was firm in his reply. 'I love only you just as I did in 1642.'
		'Why now? Why tomorrow? Why the rush?'
		'The day after tomorrow I journey to London to watch the King being executed unless God has seen fit to throw a miracle his way.'
		'You promised to take Rebecca with you.'
		'And so I shall. I will ask Ned to take her to “The Traitors Rest” and wait there for me. I need to make quite certain that London is safe for Rebecca and none of Eleanor's assassins remain there waiting for their chance to seize her one again. And it may be that Carlisle has already done that.'
----
The following morning on the twenty seventh James and Sarah were united in marriage at Warrick Church with just a handful of guests, including Ned, to watch over the ceremony. James had made up his mind that he could not accept what was being claimed of Christina and the fact that she was even now in Yorkshire trying to gain proof of her innocence did not appear to set any store with him. James ignored any thoughts that he was rushing into marriage with Sarah it simply made sense for him to do it if for no other reason than his son by Sarah would become his legitimate heir. He  was about to journey to London and meet Carlisle and whilst he had no reason to suspect that he would be in danger in Parliamentarian London he felt happier knowing that his affairs would be in order with Sarah being his wife and their son taking his name. Following the short service in the church James made ready to leave for London with instructions that in two days time Rebecca was to be taken to “The Traitor's Rest” where he would meet her as soon as he was sure that London would be safe for both Rebecca and he. Although he had learnt from Ned that Eleanor was dead James did not trust that there were no more of her paid assassins remaining who might be a danger to Rebecca's liberty.
----
That same day Carlisle was preparing to leave the court proceedings as the time for a judgement on King Charles' inevitable fate was approaching and Carlisle was unsure how he felt about it. The man standing in the oversized dock had been the subject of his aggression – both on and off the battlefield - since October 1642 and he could not help feeling that Rachel would rest easier in her tomb if she were able to hear the guilt of treason verdict which was about to be read out which would confirm that the King was to have his head severed from his body. The execution would follow within a few days and so he decided that the time had come to be true to his word and escort Rebecca to London so that she might see the beheading of the King. And therein lay a dilemma for him because with time not on his side he had to decide to wait for James and Rebecca to find him at his London house or to ride towards Warrick House and fetch them – he decided to wait at his house assuming that James would enter London and find him. He was concerned about the weather because the snows had begun to fall again and whilst that would not be a factor in James' journey to London it would certainly be a factor in the coming days for anyone out in the North Sea trying to make their way south.    






33. RACHEL'S LETTER
27th January 1649

With the snows falling once again Warrick House welcomed another guest and one whom Sarah had never met before. Her name was Marie Lafitte and she arrived not in a carriage as most ladies would but with her legs astride a strong horse with an armed escort by her side. The visitor was met by one of Sarah's trusted servants who, after helping the lady to dismount, promised that her escort would be taken care of. 
		'You are welcome.' Sarah called out from her door as she so often did when guests arrived. 'And who do I have the pleasure of meeting?'
		'Marie.' The stranger smiled as she approached Sarah. 'Marie Lafitte.' She clarified as she kissed Sarah on both cheeks as only a European would.
		'Lady Marie?' Sarah was so use to women carrying titles wherever they went.
		'No. Just Marie if you please. I am so bored with all these titles which are so monotonous to me yet so often used.'
		'Well I am Sarah, just Sarah – no titles for me either.'
		'I know who you are Sarah Richmond for I have come hear not by chance but to speak with you on a family matter. I came across your name after asking many questions of those people whom I knew would know of you.'
		'That is rather intriguing.' The thought lines on her forehead silently asked for her to continue.
		'I am a friend of the late Rachel Hanover,' she watched Sarah's neck as she swallowed, 'And more recently Christina Norfolk.' She watched Sarah turn down the corners of her mouth. 'I see my acquaintances do not meet with your approval?'
		'They do not.' Rebecca joined Sarah as she indicated a chair for Marie and she took one of her own.'
		'Little wonder. I would have been disappointed if you had approved of them.'
		'You seem to know much of how those women have affected my life. Please do continue.'
		'As I said Rachel was my friend, and not only that she was related to me as was Christina Norfolk.'
		'Go on?' Sarah was again intrigued as she climbed to her feet and poured out two cups of wine.
		'My mother was the sister of Helen Flaxendale....'
		'…..Who was the mother of Christina?' Sarah finished Marie's sentence.
		'And Françoise and the late Isobella.' Marie took the wine cup offered to her and reflected on the disaster at Colchester which cost Isobella her life. 'My brother who sadly died at Naseby was married to the first-born daughter of Anne Rochford before Anne wed Augustus Hanover the father of both Rachel and Maria – and that is how I knew Rachel.
		'I see, and so you have explained the link quite well although some of it I knew well enough. Not much escapes the gossip of London which is where I had the misfortune to spend some years.' She smiled at Marie. 'And so you are welcome in my home but why are you here?'
		'To put right some of the wrong which has built up through your London gossip – or should I say lies.'
		'Is it appropriate that Rebecca should hear this?' Sarah set her eyes on the girl who had been listening intently.
		'I understand that Rebecca is the daughter of my brother's half daughter Rachel and so it is more than appropriate that she should hear what I have to say – to hear the truth about her mother. And it is Rebecca's birth that sets the scene for my story.'
		'Well I know that she stayed with you in Paris but why was she with you for so long?' 
		'You mean why did she not return to England the moment Christina threw her out of her house in Orleans?'
		'Yes.'
		'Because she half suspected that she was with child.....'
		'Which she was.' Sarah interrupted her but not intentionally.
		'She was but to begin with she was not certain, And it was during that uncertainty that Rachel hoped for a reconciliation with Harry.'
		'You mean she went back to Orleans?'
		'She did and I went with her but it was a waste of time for she learnt from the household there that Harry had abandoned Christina and returned to England.'
		'And so ended any chance that she might have had for a reconciliation?'
		'Undoubtedly so, and by that time she knew she was with child which precluded her from returning to England without attracting so much gossip. And it was during her confinement with me that I learnt of her state of mind when it came to Christina.' Marie sipped her wine.
		'She hated her?'
		'With all her heart and so she decided that she would one day destroy Christina by claiming that Christina was more than free with her indiscretions.'
		'Including a claim that she was bedded by her brother-in-marriage Edward.'
		'She said she would claim it in writing years before she actually wrote her words of accusation?'
		'Yes.' Marie watched Sarah cross the room to a desk where she found Rachel's journal.
		'You have her journal?' Marie set her eyes on it.
		'It is this very journal which was the basis for James and I being wed. James would not accept a woman who could allow such indiscretions to take place and so he and I were wed  in the nearby chapel.' Sarah found the entry in the journal. 'And here is the entry which you claim is untrue?'
		'I can only say,' she took the journal off Sarah and looked at the entry, 'that what Rachel had written here is exactly what she said she would write years before she made her claim.'
		'And so Christina is innocent.'
		'Yes. My cousin Christina is innocent or at least she is innocent of what is being claimed here.'
		'And so you are here today to tell me that Rachel lied in this journal and Christina is innocent which makes my marriage to James a union gained from an untruth?'
		'I do. Unless you do not believe me.'
		'It is not a question of believing you or not it is the uncertainty of it all that worries me for although I accept what you are telling me and what you believe to be the truth, for my own sanity I have to see proof in writing from either Edward himself of Rachel that her words were lies.' She watched the thought lines wash across Marie's forehead. 'Do not I beg of you take my disbelief in what you claim as a slur on your honesty and good name. I simply have to know the truth from one or both protagonists.'
		'I do understand that,' Marie smiled, 'I can only state my case.'
		'Which you have done very well indeed.' Sarah equalled Marie's smile. 'Was Rachel with you during the birth of her child?'
		'No, she left before the birth and retired to a convent.' Marie's mind suddenly wandered.
		'Is there more?'
		'Not really but I do know that she came into money, and a sizable fortune at that.'

And so the mater ended with each woman understanding the other's stance on the subject and neither of them understanding why Rachel would have come into money.. 	 

With Marie having left Warrick House the following morning Sarah made ready to settle down to what would be her peaceful life once again. She had prepared Rebecca for her intended journey the following day before settling down to her needlework and a good cup of wine.

Sarah's peace was shattered when she heard a knock on her door and the caller being invited inside my one of her own servants before being shown into the Great Hall where Sarah was relaxing.
		'My Lady,' Sarah's servant called out, 'this is Primrose from Master James' house.'
		'Primrose and I are acquainted.' Sarah put down her book.
		'You may remember,' Sarah's servant was pleased to point out, 'that years ago she tended to the personal needs of Lady Rachel when she stayed at Sutton Manor the night of her arrest.
		'A servant who was elevated to position of personal maid to Rachel.' Sarah watched her servant nod. 'Go on?' She she encouraged Primrose but her own servant continued to own the conversation.
		'She has news.....'
		'…...let Primrose speak for herself.' Sarah interrupted her own servant.
		'I have a letter,' Primrose began her own story, 'a letter which was written by Lady Rachel in her room the night of her arrest. As you can see it carries her seal and remains unopened.' She handed it to Sarah and gave her a curtsey as she let go of the parchment.
		'And it has only just come to light?' Sarah stared at the letter. ''Why is that?'
		'I found it today when I was cleaning. It was not on her desk or in the desk drawer, it had fallen behind the drawer and I only found it because the drawer became stuck and I had to pull it out.'
		'Thank you.' Sarah was rather tired of hearing about the stuck drawer. 'You may both go.' She dismissed them as she found Rachel's seal across the wax. 'It is addressed to me.' She mouthed the words to herself. She broke the seal and for no reason whatsoever opened the document as if it were some precious object which in a way it was. She took another mouthful of her wine and began to read the astonishing contents of Rachel's last letter.

“Since I made what has turned out to be my last entry in my journal a few days ago I feel that I must now put right some of the wrongs and lies which I have written in my journal.” 

Sarah swallowed more of her wine as she prepared for her half-sister Rachel's admission.

“I had always intended to do my cousin Christina much harm by placing such a stain on her character that in the eyes of any man whom she might love none of them would wed her. I claimed that Sir Henry's brother Edward bedded her and he did not do it against her will. She desired and encouraged it. This accusation was untrue because in truth the only bedding of a Lady carried out by Edward was on me and me alone.” 

Sarah was astonished, such was the shock of reading her half-sister's confession - a confession which had caused such a character defamation on Christina that James had abandoned her and wedded herself instead. Although she did not know it everything that Caroline Norfolk had said to Carlisle had turned out to be true. Sarah could say nothing to James for he was on his way to London with Rebecca, and even if he was not she could still say nothing for they had already been wed and no declaration of Rachel's would alter that fact.
 
















34. ENGLAND BECOMES A REPUBLIC
27th to the 30th January 1649

That same, and after dismissing the servant who was hurrying to the door, Carlisle opened the door himself. He had been waiting for some time for James to show his face at is house and the urgency of the knocking on his door told him that it might indeed be James and he was right in his assumption. Carlisle asked for ale and food to be brought into the Great Hall as he led James towards the warmth of the fire.
		'You are uncommonly late?' Was Carlisle's unfriendly greeting but it was not meant as a criticism. 'Where is Rebecca?'
		'She is safe on the Oxford road at an inn called “The Traitor's Rest”.
		'I know it well enough.' Carlisle nodded. 'Why is she there and not here?'
		'I had no idea what kind of a reception I would face in London and more importantly I had no idea if the late Eleanor still had her paid assassins in London who could do Rebecca some harm.'
		'The late Eleanor?' Carlisle watched the food and ale being set before them on the table. 'She is dead?'
		'She is.' James seized a tankard of ale and began to gulp down the contents.

There now followed a long explanation by James about the disaster at Cowpepper's office as related to him by Ned. He was able to put Carlisle's mind at rest when he confirmed that Marian was not injured in the fire unlike Helen. James continued his story by announcing that he had wed Sarah because of what he had read in Rachel's journal about Christina. It was now that Carlisle could so easily have admitted that he had known for some time that Rachel's accusations had been a lie since Caroline Norfolk had told him so but there was little point in him doing that to save Christina's reputation with James having already wed Sarah.    

		'And so time is not on our side as far as the King's execution is concerned,' Carlisle moved on to a more immediate problem and he was more than relieved to do so since he could have protected Christina's reputation by repeating Caroline's warning as soon as he heard it. 'The execution will take place on the thirtieth so you must ride with all haste and bring Rebecca here.' His instructions swept aside any more thoughts of Christina.
----
On the twenty ninth of January James arrived back at Carlisle's London house with Rebecca by his side.
		'You have made good time.' Carlisle greeted the two weary, cold travellers as he ushered them through his front door.
		'I was aided by excellent horse and the fact that Rebecca is a good horse-woman.' James made haste towards the inviting fire.
		'That I know.' Carlisle agreed. 'And so tomorrow Rebecca will have her way and I will have kept my word. All three of us will watch the King being executed.' He stared at James. 'And as for you my friend I have no idea how you will feel about that since the victim will be the man whom you fought for and so many of your comrades, and mine, spilt blood for.'
		'And where will His Majesty be buried?' James rubbed his hands together as the recuperative qualities of the fire spread through him.
		'That I do not know.'
		'And now that his reign is at an end and some uneasy peace has descended once again on this poor country of ours which has lost a good proportion of its population, what does the future hold for you?'
		'Ah!' Carlisle smiled. 'I have that already planned. I will retire to my new home in Bristol with Marian and wed her.'
		'I am pleased for you.' James meant it. 'And pleased for Marian who has had anything but a happy life.'
----
The following morning Carlisle led James and Rebecca across London Bridge and the frozen river Thames before they made their way to Whitehall. That afternoon, a little after two o'clock and in the bitter cold, the time of the King's execution approached after an entire morning had been wasted. And as the three of them took up their allotted place as close as they could to the execution scaffold on the street outside the banqueting hall Carlisle could not remove from his thoughts his concern about the violence which Rebecca was about to witness. She had never, unlike Carlisle and James, had to watch death overwhelm so many people during civil war battles and skirmishes. That innocence which was so much a part of the girl was about to be swept away in violent fashion which would result in a reaction that even he had not considered.. 

Charles alighted through the window of the banqueting hall on to his place of execution which was draped in black and once there he set his eyes on a rather small block where he was expected to rest his head – in fact it was so small that he would have to lie on the floor in order that his neck would rest on the block. Because of this Carlisle knew that Rebecca would not be able to see the King so, with James' help, he lifted her onto his shoulders and held her firm.

With the King having said a few final words, which very few of the onlookers could hear, the crowd fell to silence. There were onlookers everywhere including the roofs of nearby houses but nobody could get close to the King because of the number of soldiers under the command of Colonel Francis Hacker surrounding the scaffold. Despite these restrictions one or two onlookers would later scramble to the place of execution soon after the King was dead so that they could dip handkerchiefs in his blood which they would later sell. As two troops of horse began to disperse the crowd, and as he lowered Rebecca back to the ground once again, Carlisle noticed that something rather strange was happening to Rebecca – an incident which he had only witnessed once before with another.   

Rebecca's mind inexplicably took on the thoughts that once occupied her mother's mind, and she saw what at one time her mother saw – her mother's blood ran so profusely from her wound that she thought it would never cease - and the blood from Christina's hand flowed in no less measures. This image flashed through Rebecca's mind without warning and it was no doubt instigated by the blood flowing from the King's broken body which she had seen quite clearly from her vantage point on Carlisle's shoulders. The incident ceased as quickly as it had started and left her mentally exhausted, shaking and unsteady on her feet so much so that she had to hold onto James' arm to prevent her from falling to the ground. This had happened to her before but not on such a magnitude. A moment later the incident had abated and she had recovered as both James and Carlisle stared at her as her usual steadfastness got the better of her.  

		'What has affected her so?' James threw his question at Carlisle without expecting an answer.
		'She has had one of her “episodes”, she has had them before just like her mother.' His reply astonished James.
		'“episode”, James fixed his concentration on James as Rebecca's attention turned to him. 'What can you mean?' He hoped for an answer from the girl. 'What has just flashed before your eyes Rebecca?' He was not ignoring James' question as Rebecca's answer would show.
		'Blood from here,' she threw the palm of her hand to her chest. 	'And blood  from my lady Christina's severed finger.' She trembled.
		'It is as I thought,' Carlisle turned his attention back to James. 'I have witnessed this in her mother who called them her “episodes”'.
		'You knew her mother?' Rebecca watched his lips.
		'Her mother is, or was, Rachel Hanover.' He watched the expected shock wash across James' face.

James simply could not believe what Carlisle had just revealed.


35. A ROYAL RESTING PLACE
The following days

Back in the warmth and squalor of a nearby inn the subject of their conversation remained as it was when Rebecca suffered her “episode” and this did not surprise Carlisle. He had grown tired of all the secrecy which had dictated what James should be told and so he was, in a way, quite relieved to have it all in the open and with this in mind he did not ask his servants to remove Rebecca from the room.

		'Perhaps for clarification,' James began as he sipped the poor quality wine which a dirty looking serving wench had placed before them, 'you can remind me,' and then he set his eyes on Rebecca, 'you can remind us,' he corrected himself, 'of what you said about Rebecca's mother – her real mother? And this time there must be no secrecy.' He had to raise his voice to be heard above the volume of those all about them – drunk and not so drunk.
		'For clarification,' James repeated Carlisle's words, 'Rebecca's true mother was and is Rachel Hanover.'
		'Rachel!' was all that James could find to say.
		'Indeed so.'
		'And Rebecca's “episode” was the same as those suffered by Rachel?'
		'I first witnessed her “episodes” in 1641,' Carlisle nodded as he too sipped his wine, 'outside her father's prison, no doubt the incident was brought on by the awful sights which she had seen in her father's prison. Not unlike the awful sight which Rebecca witnessed this afternoon. If memory serves me and Rebecca's vision is identical to her mother's then she has seen the blood from both her mother and her mother's cousin Christina.'
		'Rachel is Rebecca's mother?' James' astonishment persisted to the extent that he ignored the reference to Christina.
		'She is.'
		'Why did I not know?'
		'Why did I not know?' Rebecca had her say.
		'We had very good reason for not telling either of you and we will talk of it when we return to the peacefulness of my house.'
		'And why did Rebecca and Rachel have visions of a bleeding Christina?' James was beginning to grow angry.
		'Because she and Rachel fought until they both bled. No doubt you saw the scar on Rachel's breast?'
		'Of course.'
		'There you have it then,' Carlisle began to plan their exit from Whitehall, 'I will tell you both the whole story when we are in more comfortable surrounding.' He took Rebecca by the arm. 'You had to know.' He gripped James' shoulder. 'There has been enough of this secrecy. The King is no more and we now live in a Republic and must live without secrets.'

With a few quiet days on their hands whilst they waited for the King to be buried, Rebecca decided to ask Carlisle if he would tell her all about her mother and her questions were of much interest to James. James was still reeling from Carlisle's declaration a few days ago that Rebecca was the daughter of Rachel and so he had little choice but to expand on what she and James knew.
		'Sir?' She looked in Carlisle's direction, 'Tell me all that you know about my mother and the circumstances behind her arrest and execution? And please be plain with me and not keep anything from me?'
		'Your mother was Rachel Hanover - that you know already.'
		'A fact which was kept from me.'
		'Indeed so.'
		'Why was that?'
		'To protect you.'
		'From whom?' She put her head to one side as a means of accentuating her need for information.
		'From me.' James suddenly had his say in response to Rebecca. 'It was assumed, probably with some justification, that I would not take kindly to a girl who was the daughter of the woman who murdered my father.' He set his eyes on her and could see that she was struggling to understand the problem, and so he continued. 'Your mother and I....'
		'...were lovers?' Rebecca's interruption rather surprised both James and Carlisle.
		'I see you have a good understanding of relationships?'
		'And are you surprised?' She questioned him.
		'For a nine year old – yes.'
		'Almost ten.' Rebecca corrected him and she gave every impression that she was proud of the extra few months in age. 'There are girls who are only four years older than me who are now wed.'
		'Indeed so.' James gave in. 'Yes we were lovers and were so from the first day that I set eyes upon her in 1642 in Oxford.'
		'Yet you allowed her to die?'

There now began a long story told mainly by Carlisle of the turmoil which ate away at Rachel's soul from the moment that her father was condemned to death. Carlisle knew more that James did for he knew Rachel from the first moment that he set eyes on her outside her father's prison in London. Much of what was in Carlisle's version of events was new to James because James had not known Rachel before she moved to Oxford. 

		'And so My Lady Sarah who has been my mother and looked after me was instrumental in having my real mother killed.' This was a surprising question from a ten year, so unexpected that both Carlisle and James had the utmost difficulty in finding a response to.
		'You must understand,' James at last found a reply, 'that Rachel did Sarah much harm by ensuring that Sarah was wed to a man whom she hated.'
		'And is that reason enough to have my mother killed?'
And yet again the accusation in Rebecca's question made James struggle for an answer, but an answer he did eventually find. 'And your mother murdered my father whom Sarah loved almost as much as I.'
		'And are those reasons enough to have my mother killed?' Rebecca persisted.
		'And your mother was a traitor, she conspired against the King and that is why she was tried for treason and not for any other reason.' James found what he hoped was an end to her questioning.  
----
The snows had begun to fall once again but over to the east they were falling more heavily and a storm of vast proportions was building over the north sea where Christina was growing tired of feeling sick whilst at the same time growing sick of looking at the back of the Greek goddess which was the ship's figurehead. Her reason for standing on deck with salt water soaking her was because she still could not get use to feeling as sick as she would have done had she remained on the decks below where her eyes would not be able to tell her brain why she was experiencing such unsteadiness. Although she could not know it, and would probably not have wanted to know it, the ship was beginning to ship water more than it already had and as far as her Captain was concerned the repairs that had already been carried out were beginning to come undone in the most spectacular manner. Christina was unaware of the catastrophe which was soon to overwhelm her ship and so to take her mind off the storm she cast her mind back to her recent conversation with her brother-by-marriage Edward. She had been able to speak to him at length about Rachel's accusations even though he had been confined to his chamber and his bed. Christina had been advised not to sit too close to him as it was suspected that his illness was a result of smallpox rather than any long-term effects from his war wounds.    
----
Helen Seymour called upon Sarah – and now her sister-by-marriage – at Warrick House on the eighth day of February in heavy snow. She was glad to have Ned by her side and it was Ned who had told her that Sarah and James were wed and James had full knowledge of the contents of Rachel's journal. What Helen did not know was the declaration made in Rachel's final letter which on the face of it rendered Christina innocent of all that Rachel had accused her of.
		'My Dear Helen,' Sarah greeted her at her door, 'I am so glad to see you. Apart from your obvious injuries are you well?' She stared at the black eye-patch that Helen wore and the deep red scar which stretched from her scalp down the side of her face and ended by her once-beautiful lips.
		'I am so glad to be here.' Helen smiled. 'And yes I am well enough to have made this journey.' She rather ignored her deformity. 'My injuries will be all the better for a cup of wine.' She smiled as Ned followed her into the room.
		'You know of course that James and I are wed? Which makes you my sister-by-marriage?'
		'It would have been very remiss of Ned not to have told me, and so I am delighted for you both.'

Some time later the subject of Rachel's journal came to the forefront of the conversation.
		'May I see the journal for which I needlessly received my injuries?'
		'Of course.' Sarah fetched the document which had caused so much heartache to so many people. 'You are not familiar with the journal's contents?' She handed the book to Helen.
		'Familiar – no, although I am aware of what it is supposed to contain.' She opened the journal.
		'And why did you risk your life to get your hands on it?'
		'To protect you.'
		'I do not understand. How does that protect me?' She handed Helen a cup of wine.
		'I always wanted you and James to wed.'
		'Well we have?'
		'Yes but I did not know that so I imagined that if I could get hold of Rachel's journal I could prove to James that Christina was not worthy of his love.'
		'And you are of course referring to Rachel's accusations of Christina's infidelity with Edward?'
		'Quite so.'
		'Well you are without doubt the most loyal sister-by-marriage I could have wished for.' She sipped her wine.
		'And so you understand my motives?'
		'Of course and I love you for your efforts but your motives were irrelevant,' Sarah watched Helen's face contort into confusion, 'you see I wanted James to wed me because he loved me more than he loved Christina rather than finding that she was not worthy of him.'
		'And so you wanted him to wait?'
		'Of course. He knew that Christina was desperately trying to gain some evidence which would clear her name and if that evidence was forthcoming then, and only then, should James allow love to dictate his future with one of us.' She set her eyes on Helen's face. 'And now I do have evidence which makes our marriage irrelevant.'
		'Go on?'
		'I have only recently received a letter,' Sarah climbed to her feet and swept across the room to a writing desk where she picked up a document. 'It is in the hand of Rachel Hanover.' She handed it to Helen.
		A  moment later Helen allowed the document to fall into her lap as she considered its contents and listened carefully to Sarah's tale of how the letter came into her possession.
		'Rachel wrote it as she spent her final night of freedom in James' house before Ned arrested her. She had to tell the truth by this means because she knew that she would never return to her house in Oxford where she might have destroyed or altered her own journal.'
		'Then you must destroy this letter.' Helen knew what must be done.
		'I must not!'
		'But it might destroy your marriage to James if he thought that Christina was innocent of all of Rachel's accusations  set out in her journal.'
		'It might,' she nodded as she took the letter from Helen's lap, 'but you see that is my point, James must know of the letter's contents so that he can base his future on love and love alone.'
		'And if he were to decide on Christina?'
		'Then I will seek to have our marriage dissolved or rather annulled and allow him to go to his true love.'
		'You surely would not do that?' Helen could not accept  it.
		'I can and I will for I want my future to be based only on love.'
		'And if Rachel's letter is a lie?' Helen was clutching at straws.
		'The letter is genuine enough,' Sarah smiled. 'It was the only means at Rachel's disposal to put right all the wrongs that were in her journal but she could not gain access to it for she knew that she would never return to her Oxford house which is where the journal was.'
		'You have much faith in the validity of her letter?' Helen watched carefully as Sarah put the letter back in her writing desk.
		'I have, and even if I did not I would still treasure it as the last letter which my half-sister penned to me.'

Helen set her eyes on the writing desk and the flames of the fire as her mind absorbed Sarah's remark about her affection for both Rachel and her letter. And all the while the snows and the wind continued to increase in intensity.
----
On that same day, and far away in Yorkshire, Edward died and  the secrets of what he and Christina had talked about died with him. With Rachel and Edward dead Christina remained the only one who knew the truth about her indiscretions if anyone chose to deny the validity of Rachel's final letter.  
----
On the eighth day of February Carlisle received word from his army contacts that if he wanted to see the burial of the King he must make his way to St George's chapel at Windsor by the following morning at the very latest. The funeral procession would travel from St James Palace to Windsor Castle with the least pomp or noise possible – this being a condition of his final burial place and the coffin was to be accompanied by about a dozen followers all of whom were gentlemen.. Carlisle had little interest in witnessing the burial himself but he had to consider what James and Rebecca wanted which was to see the final resting place of the King for themselves. Their journey to Windsor in a carriage would not be an easy one as the snows continued to fall and the roads became covered in ice.

Keeping a respectable distance from the coffin and its entourage Carlisle could not fail to see that the black velvet pall on the coffin had, by the end of its journey at the west end of the chapel, turned white having been covered by a layer of snow. In attendance at the King's burial were the Bishop of London and several noblemen including the Duke of Richmond, the Marquis of Hereford and the Earl of Lindsay as well as a number of Officers. There was no reciting of the funeral from the Book Of Common Prayer so in that respect Charles had been denied the religious ceremony that he would have wanted. Carlisle, James and Rebecca did not enter the chapel and therefore did not see the King being laid to rest in the same grave as King Henry VIII and Jane Seymour although Carlisle would learn of these details the following day

		'And so the King is laid to rest.' Carlisle observed as the funeral procession disappeared into the chapel. 'The man who killed your Grandfather and your mother.' He watched Rebecca for any signs that she was pleased with the demise of her mother's enemy but no reaction was forthcoming and there was no emotion on her young face.
		'And the man whom I supported all these years.' James added. 'And now our beloved country will become, as you have already pointed out, a republic.'
		'Indeed so,' Carlisle nodded, 'and so ends my work for Parliament.'
		'And what will you do now? You have been so instrumental in fighting this King, and me, for so many years.'
		'Yet you bear me no grudge?' Carlisle knew he spoke the truth.
		'How could I? You have been of much assistance to Christina by keeping her safe in England and in France despite what may or may not be true about her indiscretions.'
		'And rescuing me from my prison in Paris.' Rebecca added her own feelings as the snow struck her face and the wind increased in ferocity.
		'And what does the future hold for you now?' James swept the snow from his own face as he sheltered behind his cape.
		'I shall retire to Bristol.'
		'With Marian?'
		'Of course,' Carlisle smiled, 'she is my future.' And for no reason whatsoever a vision of Christina flashed before his eyes. 'And Christina? What of her? What of the woman who occupied so much of my time and dedication?'
		'That I do not know, and indeed we do not even know where she is.'
		'She should by rights have been back in Essex by now. Had that been the case I am quite certain that Jacob and Françoise would have sent word to me by now.' And his thoughts of Christina were replaced by thoughts of Caroline and his drunken bedding of her.

A few moments later the three weary travellers began their journey back to London after turning their backs on the King's final resting place. With the winter storm growing in severity and slowing their journey home they could not help but wonder if the storm was hindering Christina's return home from Yorkshire,   




36. JOURNEYS END
9th and 10th February 1649

The following morning Helen surprised Sarah by announcing that she and Ned would be returning to Oxford within the hour with little regard for the severity of the weather. Despite an assurance from Sarah that they were most welcome to stay at her house she accepted Helen's story that she wanted to return to the comfort of Judith in Oxford. This story was a lie since Helen simply wanted to abandon Warrick House before the secret of her misdeed was discovered. With urgency dictating her movements Helen dragged Ned from the house and they both set out on the Oxford road leaving Sarah to wonder what the urgency was all about.

About an hour's ride from Warrick House the Oxford road narrowed to a hump back bridge which crossed a small river the approach to which was covered by a drift of snow against the parapet which had accumulated over recent days, and under the snow was a sheet of ice which Ned could not have predicted was there. As the snows continued to blind their vision Ned led the way across the bridge with the expectation that Helen would follow and whilst Ned's route was to the right of the bridge Helen chose the left hand side for no reason whatsoever other than the fact that her decision may have been dictated by the limited vision which she had having to battle against the loss of sight in one eye. As her horse mounted the steepness of the road onto the bridge, and the snow struck the faces of both Helen and her horse, her mount lost its footing and crashed onto the bridge parapet throwing Helen into the river below breaking the ice as she landed. Had she simply fallen cleanly over the bridge into the water she would have escaped sever injury but the way she fell caused her to strike her head on the parapet as the accident overwhelmed her.
		Ned was by her side as quickly as he was able and certainly in time to lift her head clear of the water. It was, however, in vain as the wound to her head had left her with a fatal injury from which she would not recover consciousness. For a very rare moment Ned allowed a tear to fall as he nestled the body of the woman he loved in his arms and the woman who should have ensured he had a happy life in Yorkshire. What Ned did not see, and would in any case have been secondary to his thoughts, was Rachel's letter falling out of Helen's cape pocket and into the water where the current took it away from them. Helen had stolen the letter from Sarah's desk and at first had half a mind to throw it on the fire yet she chose not to for despite the damning evidence contained in the document she could not find the courage to destroy a document which Sarah had treasured as the last remaining link to her half-sister Rachel and so she elected to steal it rather than destroy it, the outcome, however, had been the same as if she had confined it to the flames. The fate of the lost letter was so reminiscent of a similar event in London in 1641 when Rachel lost her mother's letter. The consequences of this second lost letter were no less severe than they had been when Rachel had lost her mother's letter in the mud of London so many years ago.
 ----
Alone in Warrick House Sarah began to grow concerned about the location of Rachel's letter for she was quite certain that she had put it back in her writing desk yet it was nowhere to be seen. She could not have known that it was now floating in the waters of the river where Helen had died. This did not stop her from raising doubt in her mind about the authenticity of the document which begged the question in her mind about in being the only means of evidence that existed to exonerate Christina for blame over her supposed transgressions or would Christina herself find similar evidence? Sarah knew of course that Christina was somewhere on the North Sea quite possibly with evidence from Edward to support her innocence and support Rachel's admission made in her letter. If she did not have such evidence James would forever wonder if Rachel's final letter had been a lie and he had wed Sarah when Christina was innocent of all that she had been accused of. The letter, however, was missing.

Having failed to find the letter Sarah picked up the journal and decided to read it again in some hope of gaining some comfort from what had now become the only link she had with Rachel..

Sarah opened the journal at the last page – or what had recently become the last page when Elisabeth had found it in the bottom of the chest where the whole journal had originally been stored in Rachel's Oxford house. The additional page was in a poor state of repair and had at one time been wet due to the unsuitable place that Elisabeth had chosen to store it,

With a cup of wine for comfort Sarah read it as best she could and her progress was hindered by her having to examine each word carefully under ink smudges and parchment discolouration.

“Tomorrow I will make my journey to James' house and so, for now, I have to consider that this, my journal, is complete. One of the intentions of my writing it is to cripple the prestige of my enemy Christina Norfolk. And should she ever have any desire over any man the accusations in my journal will blight her good name and be forever a stain on any happiness that she may have.”

Sarah took a sip of her wine and stared into the fire. “How true that all was”. She concluded. “My half-sister has surely killed her cousin Christina whether she intended to or not, and the only people who can claim the truth or untruth of Rachel's accusations about Christina's exploits in Yorkshire are Edward or Christina herself. Sarah could not have known that Edward was dead. Rachel could not be questioned on the subject, and neither could Phillip Astle, Truly Rachel's legacy lived on long after her death and has done more damage than she could have imagined and in some obscene way she has, in death, ensured that Christina did not find any happiness with James.” Sarah could not know how the certainty of that statement would manifest itself.
----
Françoise and Jacob were wed the same day as King Charles was executed. Their marriage had been a quiet affair held in the chapel next to the final resting place of Isobella. Jacob had decided that Françoise should no longer be his mistress because she was with child once again. Whilst she was overjoyed to be wed to her lover she had not expected it to ever happen even though she had been surprised to find that a new child was on its way. She had given up all hope of children after losing her first child in unhappy circumstances on the beach and her second in the bloodbath of Colchester. And whilst it was true that her losses were tempered by her happily looking after her her sister Christina's son who was now thirteen months old there would certainly be no better joy than having another of her own.  

Some days after her marriage to Jacob, and after the severe storm of the ninth day of January, she journeyed back to the chapel where she was married and to the grave of her sister. She was fortunate to be able to make the journey on horseback rather than a carriage and this was because a carriage would not have been able to navigate the snows which covered the already worn out roads, and despite her being with child it was not in her nature to sit in a carriage – and never had been. The need for her to visit the chapel had been at the forefront of her thoughts and the journey would have been made earlier had it not been for the storm. She wanted to pray for the souls of her sister and her own daughter and perhaps for the safe return of Christina for she was becoming increasingly concerned about  her whereabouts having had no news from her for some weeks.

After done her duties at the church Françoise began her journey back to Jacob's house and for no particular reason at all chose to ride close to the coast and the beach where her smuggling adventures had taken place. As she neared the beach where an accident had killed her first unborn child Françoise became concerned when her eyes picked out a scene of devastation littering her beach, Clearly some catastrophe had taken place for her experienced eyes found the wreckage of a ship close to the shore and in the shallower waters nearby. Françoise rode by the water's edge and saw to her horror the bloated bodies of men in the water and all about them the spars, rigging and sails of a ship. Further out to sea she could see the black silhouettes of the frames of a hull torn apart no doubt by the recent storm. Françoise swallowed hard as a thought occurred to her that it was the remains of Le Fere's ship and if that was the case where was Christina? Terror swept over her as her eyes found an object in the water which she recognised. She climbed down from her horse and waded a little way into the surf with no regard whatsoever for the coldness which stung her feet. She knelt down with her gown in the water as she reached out to the Greek figurehead which she she knew so well during her clandestine adventured to and from Le Marseilles. With tears beginning to fill her yes she scanned the waterline for more objects which she might recognise and it wasn't long before one such object took her attention – another body but not that of a sailor.

Françoise lost all sense of hope as she knelt in the water and turned the body over to reveal sand encrusted red hair, and as if that was not evidence enough for her she reached out to the corpse' right arm and examined it.

If this was the corpse of Christina then whatever secrets were in her head had died with her, and with Edward and with Rachel. And although Françoise could not have known it the writings in Rachel's journal had also killed Helen and Eleanor.

Françoise could do little to contain the flood of tears as her eyes fixed on the dead woman's right hand and the little finger which was mostly missing!







