
THE CHRONICLES OF FARMLAND
Bridget Ratidzo


Copyright    © 2021    Bridget Ratidzo. All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.
Smashwords    Edition














CONTENTS
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
ABOUT THE AUTHOR



















PART ONE


REELING
Farmland is a sensitive and interesting place to live. Fragile reputations, large families and close knit community. Add a dinner guest and a girl who has read too many novels.




1


EVERYONE ELSE SEEMED normal. Bella thought eyeing everyone warily around the dinner table. She was the only one prone to feel alien where she should rightly fit in. she glanced at the faces around the table recalling her own opinion that she held for each one. Nothing horrendous, but certainly affirmed by situational and circumstantial evidences
There just had to be some excitement in the busy world where everybody dreamed of a successful conclusion. She should feel ashamed for not holding the most magnifying thoughts and feelings towards her own family or people in particular but she had been on the topic for so long it tended to get boring when she tried to let go of her secret hobby.
‘Did you remember to call Mr. Grace dear?’ Mrs. Phillips asked Mr. Phillips as they had just started eating dinner. Mr. Phillips replied that he did not. ‘You must call him before tomorrow and thank him for letting Fred come and work for us.’
Mr. Phillips did not reply still but made small grunts to which always meant agreement. He openly disliked Mr. Grace and often commented on how slow and frail of a man that he was. His wife was the same manner and their children were the complete opposite. Despite being neighbors for many years, Mr. Phillips found a way to block any possible route that could have led to friendship
‘I think he secretly holds resentment towards Mr. Grace since he couldn’t have him wrapped around his little finger. Despite seeming frail the man is still a bit stubborn.’ Bella so often thought to herself. In her defense, she personally liked the Graces because, Timothy Grace, their second son had been her best friend since kindergarten. And if that alone couldn’t bring the families together nothing ever would.
'Who is Fred?’ Bella asked her elder sister Cylvia, not that she expected Cylvia to really know.  He was obviously one of those people who were coming to live in the farms for the first time. Farmland was a very small community where everyone knew everyone including great grandparents and the birthdays of all the children in every family.
‘Who?’ Cylvia scowled at her in confusion
‘The guy mom is talking about!’ Bella said raising her eyebrows, it was impossible that Cylvia did not at least have an ounce of such information. She was after all what Bella called the people person and highly respected as such. Unlike her sister, Bella was more like a hermit. Nothing that was inherited but something that she adopted to when she learned that the world out there can be a very heartless cruel place.
‘Oh Mr. Lotman!’ her face lit up in recognition
Bella almost rolled her eyes of course Cylvia knew, just that she appeared to not use his first name very often.
‘Yes I know him. I met him at the grocery stores once and I’ve seen him around quite a lot—why he is the most eligible gentleman I have ever met.’
Bella drew in a breath. So it seemed that the entire family had met him and he was coming to work in the same office with her. She had a thing about strangers and it would have made it easier if none of the family had met him before. Not that would have happened, Bella hated going out on pointless occasions—maybe the honest thing was that she disliked mingling with people in Farmland in general. What has she done to herself to carry a resentment towards the entire community? It was just hard to survive in a place where every living soul you came into the streets had a classical copy of your life history. Even the old doctor at the hospital was there the day she was born. Bella sometimes had a wild wish to live in a place so big and so populated that she would easily fade in the background. When one has endured the drama of small towns such as Farmland, fading in the background can be a dream come true.
‘he lives with his mother in the City- not so sure what he does for a living but he seemed like a really well off guy.’ Cylvia explained further.
Maybe he went bankrupt, Bella thought. He was probably one of those hyperactive businessmen who loved to take risks—why else would someone leave the big city to come and work in the village? 
‘He’s the only child of Mr. Grace’s late older brother—Mr. Grace and his brother did not get along really well that’s why Fred never visited farmland.’
‘I could understand why.’ Mr. Phillips mumbled 
Sensing where Mr. Phillips was taking this, Mrs. Phillips marveled, ‘well who knows about that—he came to live with his uncle so their relationship cannot be that bad’
Who cares? Bella decided not to make anything out of it; it was hard enough that a lot was going to have to change.
‘At least his nephew seems to have an eligible bone within him.’ Mr. Phillips carried on with his remarks, ‘in fact all his sons do. I just don’t know what Mr. Grace’s problem is.’
‘Oh for heaven’s sake Mr. Phillips, must I continue to try to divert your attention all night.’
‘You don’t have to, the young man is coming to work for me and I need to express my opinion in case any of you have any ideas.’
Cylvia sighed, ‘I referred him because he has very good credentials and he needed a job he could handle.’
‘A job he can handle?’ Mrs. Phillips scowled incredulously at her
‘This is a farm, we can’t have him try to head the livestock.’
‘He will do well in the administrative department.’ Mr. Philips said, ‘any person who is an entrepreneur knows what admin means.’
Charles’ brow crunched in confusion, ‘what’s an entrepreneur exactly?’
Gerald nudged him as all eyes came to land on him.
‘Why are you even going to school? What do they teach you kids?’ Mr. Phillips rose his voice in mock horror.
‘Useless formulas.’ Charles replied with a bored sigh, ‘I wonder when I will ever use algebra to survive in this planet.’
‘When you are finally smart enough to figure out how.’ Gerald flashed him a thin smile and chuckled at his own joke.
‘We never talked about hiring more staff at the office?’ Bella said with a worried look. The last thing she needed was some stranger prancing around her personal office space. The office was doing just fine without additional workers. Why did Mr. Philips suggest that place?
‘I am taking more work out of your hands, at least for half this year you won’t have to spend all day crammed in the little house.’ Mr. Philips said with a sweet smile, ‘it will be fun you’ll see.’
Cylvia turned to her with a huge smile on her face, ‘you don’t have to worry Bella, Mr. Lotman truly is a gentleman and you do need to socialize more.’
Bella swallowed the lump in her throat, ‘I don’t have a choice, it’s not like I can reverse it.’
‘It’s great that we are all in agreement.’ Mrs. Philips smiled gently




2


FARMLAND WAS A PARADISE FOR serious commercial farmers and a prison for the young people who dreamed of a livelier vibrant place to better suite their energy levels.
‘I can’t wait to get out of Farmland,’ Susan was telling Bella on their way from Mrs. Jones’ diner for lunch, it’s so dead here- its fit only for old people who no longer have visions of a better place on earth,’
Or for young people who need a laid back place to think things through,’ Bella pointed out, though she agreed with Susan to some extent, she didn’t want to dwell too much on the idea of leaving. 
‘I’ve lived here for twenty four years—that’s a lifetime to think things through.’ Susan cried in frustration, ‘I have made up my mind.’
Bella chuckled, ‘did you get any responses for your applications?’
Susan rolled her eyes, ‘yes and my parents still need a solid reason for me to leave the house,’
Susan was the second child in her family and the youngest. Her older brother George who was to inherit the family business was a pain the neck for Susan. George married immediately after college and what a sweet woman Catherine was only to be dragged into all that family drama.
Bella wanted to leave Farmland because she felt bored by the ordinary same old sequence of life—Susan wanted to leave because she kept visualizing a day she might just choke her brother to death if they ever fall into one of their useless arguments ever again.
When she arrived home she began to help Cylvia to make dinner— the Graces were coming to join them for dinner. Including Lloyd Grace and his cousin Fred Lotman.
‘Lloyd really likes you,’ Cylvia was telling her, as if Bella was not aware of it, ‘you should stop ignoring him—you don’t even know him that well.’
Bella rolled her eyes. Did knowing that Lloyd Grace was a cold popular womanizer as known by the entire female population of her generation count as knowing him? Yes. And she always found it mystifying even that Cylvia didn’t know all that. Or didn’t people whisper rumors regarding the matter because he was male and took much pleasure in slandering females because it was much more interesting.
It did not take long before they were done with all the grilling and salads and desserts, changed into nice dresses before their guests arrived.
Mr. and Mrs. Grace was a peculiar pair. Mr. Grace with his quiet shy like and withdrawn domineer and Mrs. Grace had a permanent friendly nice smile on her face. Lloyd entered with that charming smile of his and smooth presence. 
He was too confident. As he should be, all the Grace sons were good looking and that had landed her in a few laughable instances in high school because of her friendship with Timothy Grace.
‘Bella Phillips, always looking good.’ He said with a wink
Bella pursed her lips and shook his extended hand, ‘I can agree.’
‘You are improving on snubbing at me every time we meet.’
‘That’s a biased statement Lloyd, considering that we don’t meet very often.’
‘That should change.’ He grinned. Susan called it the megawatt smile, Bella always suspected that he had a secret liking of Lloyd but never asked.
Then lastly Fred Lotman came in. Of course he had to be the last person to come in and Bella was almost annoyed with herself for how curious she was to meet him. To make a personal assessment of what she must do to survive having another stranger in her office space.
Of course Cylvia just had to do something to ruin her peaceful existence by begging Mr. Phillips to hire him. What job did he even do in the city anyway? Cylvia didn’t know much about that either. And no one sought it out. Bella (maybe she read too many novels) was worried that they may have brought a serial killer or a mafia king into their farm without knowing it. Gerald and Charlie laughed hard when she managed to voice that point out and Mr. Philips ended the discussion there and then. Well it wasn’t a bad point.
Bella couldn’t help it- she gasped when he came in smiling and exchanging greetings with everyone. She clamped her mouth shut where she was standing. She had no idea what she was expecting, considering the family he was coming from, the fact that he would be easy on the eyes was certain, but she did not expect him to look like that.
The man looked like he had just stepped from out of a glossy magazine. The ones that sometimes came with plastic covers and small gifts when there is a sales promotion taking place. He could be the characterization of all the novels she read all put together. Maybe old Victorian types with characters such as Mr. Darcy. Only this wasn’t England and this definitely wasn’t the eighteenth century. This was a medium sized Island nation and Farmland was a small place in it.
Bella shook her head, what in the world was she thinking about now? She looked down at her feet to wipe away her wild thoughts. Maybe Cylvia was right, she needed to stop her hermit ways and see more people often so that she is not shocked when she sees ta face she’s never seen before.
‘You must be Bella,’ his voice broke into her thoughts.  She lifted her head to look at him and held her breath. She decided then that it should be considered a sin for someone to look that good.
And what did it mean that she must be Bella? Who did he talk to about her and considering her reputation in these areas she could as well give up trying to make a good first impression with him.
‘Yes, it’s a pleasure to meet you Mr. Fred Lotman.’ She flashed a smile that she did not feel. She was still trying to sort out her thoughts somewhere up there.
‘Please just Fred.’ He smiled back at her. Of course the smile was always the final kill. Sending her entire mind and imagination into a permanent state of dazzled shock. The one that no amount of self-therapy could nudge her out of. Had she enquired more about him before she would have prepared herself for that moment but of course life like to set surprises, or else it wouldn’t be interesting!
‘Fred.’ She shook his hand—
‘Pleasure to meet you too.’ He said, his eyes narrowed a little into hers and she could only manage a taut smile and a jerky nod. She felt some tingling sensation run from their joined hand all the way up her arm and she imagined also to her momentarily disoriented brains.
Letting go of her hand a little too promptly, he moved from her and extended a greeting to the next person in line while she rushed to the kitchen to organize herself with a stern self-lecture.
She then let out a breath she didn’t know that she had been holding. What was that? Now that was so not like her. She read before over and over about people who got knocked away after one look at another person, it was all fiction and who would have thought that it could happen in real life?  She swallowed to calm herself and followed everyone to the dining room.
She felt self-conscious throughout dinner. Cylvia turned out to know Fred for sure- and he seemed very comfortable chatting with her. He was those characters who easily stole affection from people. Everyone instantly liked him. Even Mr. Philips gave up in the middle of his inquisition.
Bella almost choked on her food when Mr. Phillips asked Mr. Grace and Fred if it was alright with them that Fred starts to work as early as the following day.
That gave her only eight hours to prepare for such a huge ambush of her office space and now her state of mind.
Fred accepted, to Bella’s surprise. She almost asked him what he did in the city before he came. It would be important to establish some kind of criticism to hide behind that would tone down his appeal a little. Was he even familiar with accounts that much to start that early? 
Their eyes met, he scowled in surprise like he did when they shook hands earlier, she should look away after being caught staring openly at someone like that but those brown eyes were too mesmerizing to disconnect from. His eyes darted around momentarily before he cast his gaze down and answered Mrs. Phillips.
He did not like her, she concluded—well she was the one gawking at him—what a bad first impression. Forget first impression, she was doomed if she had to spend twelve hours in one room with him and expect herself to act normal. Judging by her behavior already, normal and whatever civil attitude she had wanted to create for herself had long been thrown out the window.
Finally the dinner was over and everyone said their farewells.
He hired a new worker?’ Susan gasped at the other end of the line, ‘who is it?’
Bella sighed, ‘Lloyd’s cousin,’ she didn’t want to say his name, ‘he just recently came to farmland’ she was still reeling from the experience. No shaken would be the correct term.
‘Oh,’ Susan exclaims, ‘I’ve heard about him- is he really as good-looking as they say?’
‘Yes,’ Bella groaned, ‘what am I going to do? He caught me gawking at him during dinner.’
Susan chuckled, ‘oh my god, that must have been awkward.’
‘No- I should stop reading novels.’ As if that would correct her twisted fate with this new Mr. Fred Lotman
‘What?’ Susan started laughing
‘I feel like one of my fictional characters have come to life.’
‘Yes get help.’ Susan cleared her throat, ‘but lucky you, I could use a real life Pablo Piasco painting to gaze at once in a while.’
Bella scoffed, ‘I agree.’
‘Can you take a picture for me?’
‘No—that last thing I want is to scare the poor man away, Mr. Phillips really like him.’
Susan laughed harder, ‘you silly girl you ask first before you take someone’s picture.’
‘Oh of course, why are you laughing?’
‘Because I can imagine you trying to snap his face from your desk and then he looks up.’
Bella grinned at the imagined scene, ‘yeah I’m sure the look on his face would be priceless.’
‘So are you going to do it?’
‘No!’
‘Well for now I have to go—I’m going to come over to meet Mr. Prince Charming for myself.’
Bella put her phone down and sighed.




3


IT WAS JUST like any other day in the office. It was her haven-her space. The small book shelf was stocked with sensible books. Most of her favorite fiction paperbacks stayed in her room where no one disturbed their peaceful existence. It wasn’t a big room but looked spacious enough to occupy two desks, another shelve of files and a small comfy looking couch by the door. She’s been there her whole life and the place still looked appealing.
But no matter how much space she created or how many things she threw out the space still seemed like it would fully occupy the man. He wasn’t that big, though six feet tall—but her imagination has magnified him such that he filled the entire space he could as well have the entire bungalow as his office
‘Good morning.’
She raised her head and met his polite gaze. Geez, she had already memorized his voice enough to recognize it? She banished the wild thought and returned the smile
‘Good morning Fred,’ she rose from her seat, ‘please come in.’
He had been holding the door. He closed it and came into her small space. He was formally dressed, of course Mr. Phillips strictly required professional dressing for the benefit of his clients that frequented the office so Fred got a pass for that one.
‘This is a very nice office,’ he commented as he sat at the desk that she showed him. Nice? Not unique or opulent? Well he was from the city!
Not that she ever got overwhelming compliments much. Cylvia told her once that every room she designed always turned out to be another style a library would look like.
Taking a deep breath she carried on to show him around and introduce him to a number of stuff he would be directly working with. Everyone turned out to like him
Who wouldn’t? The man was from the upper city and always dressed like he wanted to walk down the runway.


FRED TURNED OUT TO BE a very knowledgeable person- very nice and easy to work with. She did all she could to keep her eyes to herself but sometimes  she obliviously stared at him- his desk was close to the window and streams of sunlight sometimes landed on his desk and caressed his skin.
She even studied him without planning it. His easy gentle manner was quiet disturbing—or it was because her mind had long been polluted by arrogant charming cocky fictional personalities. Or she took Cylvia’s opinion about him being a gentle man very seriously. Or maybe he was just a quiet person, but she could argue that point a little bit.
He laughed and played a lot with the boys- he had very good conversations with Mr. Phillips and interesting ones with Mrs. Phillips. Everyone had interesting conversations with Mrs. Phillips. He hung out with Cylvia a lot. Maybe they were more than friends. But with her- he seemed to avoid her a lot. Like he was aware that she was studying him and she was also avoiding him because her mind ran away from her every time he was around. That kind of person should be avoided right? Yes, like the plague.
Just then he raised his head and their eyes locked before she had returned from her daydream and stopped staring. Feeling heat on her face, she blinked a little before lowering her eyes. An eerie silence followed and she lifted her eyes just in time to see him close his laptop and leaving the desk.
Oh yes, lunch time. She sat there for a moment with her lips firmly pressed together. It wasn’t like this was the first time this happened, she was busted every time she was caught staring and suffered the same amount of embarrassment and yet never seemed to stop the bad habit. Not intending to run into him at the house, she decided to skip lunch and get some work done—maybe she could finish early and go home early and she won’t have to spend the rest of the day with him.
‘Bella you are needed in the stock room.’ One of the herd boys called out at her office door
‘Okay,’ Bella finished what she was documenting in her computer and pushed it away. It was almost time off and she was waiting for Susan to come as planned. She left the small cottage where her office was and strode hastily towards the stockroom.
When she got there, she saw Daniel seated on an unopened sack of feed cradling his right arm against his chest
Not again. She suppressed a sigh. Daniel had to be the clumsiest human being to ever exist on planet earth if he was to always have an accident one way or another. Even if you put him somewhere and told him to do nothing he would still find a way to be injured.
The reoccurring accidents took place so frequently they were getting old. Yes that is why everyone bowed out of it and then there was a psychological contract of her being the petty accidents manager.
‘What happened?
‘Says he was taking feed for the pigs,’ one worker said with a shrug, ‘and someone pushed him from behind.’
Belle let out a sigh, yes she has heard that before, ‘I’ll call the police and one of you take Daniel to the clinic.’
‘We couldn’t find Mr. Fred or Miss Cylvia anywhere –Mr. and Mrs. Phillips went out.’
Bella called the police and they were on their way to the farm- Daniel was taken to the clinic and Bella retreated to the office, wondering where Fred and Cylvia went off. It wasn’t even really lunch time yet. Were they dating? Well possibly—why did that make her feel nauseous? Besides, Cylvia always seemed openly fond of Fred from the beginning
The officers came exactly thirty minutes later including Officer David. He was concerned that there had been similar reports all over Farmland about mysterious thieves who attacked workers and then stole nothing in the end.
Bella’s wild imagination was already drawing scenes from one of her thriller fiction novels. Susan arrived as soon as Officer David and his men left the compound
‘It could be a gang,’
Susan snorted laughing, ‘what? Are you reading gangster thrillers as well?’
Bella shrugged, ‘they are not that bad,’
‘Didn’t you think it could be bored village young adults trying to mess with the police heads like in the movies?’
‘That’s the definition of a gang.’
They were still laughing at this when Cylvia and Fred arrived. They looked lovely together under the sunlight. Susan’s eyes bulged out when her eyes landed on him
‘I don’t blame you for losing your senses—that guy must have been a fairy king in his other life,’
Bella snorted and looked at her in mock horror, ‘fantasy Susan—you are worse than me. Thank you I guess I am normal after all.’
‘Susan? Cylvia marveled when they approached, ‘long time no see—what are you doing here?’
‘I came to rescue Bella but firstly I needed to assess the cause of the problem.’
Bella scowled at her- she grinned with a little shrug before she turned to Fred, ‘hello my name is Susan I am Bella and Cylvia’s friend.’
‘Hello—Fred,’ Fred replied
‘Pleasure to meet you—are you staying long here?’
‘I am not sure yet.’
‘I hope you do, ‘Susan smiled and bated her eyes ‘or we will find a way to convince you to stay, it’s not every day bored village girls like us get to interact with such a tall glass of water.’
Bella felt heat going to her face, ‘Susan, tall glass of water is used when referring to women.’
‘So? The description fits, he isn’t just handsome he is beautiful.’ Susan countered loudly as if Fred wasn’t there with them trying to fight a smile.
Cylvia giggled, ‘don’t mind her Fred—Susan is just messing with you.’
Susan chuckled and winked at him ‘oh dear me how can I mess around with such a serious topic?’
Bella pressed her lips together and gave her friend a you-better-stop-it-or-else look.
‘I’ve never quite met someone like you Susan.’ Fred said
‘Shame.’ Susan said with a sigh, ‘but don’t worry now you have,’
Bella nudged her in the ribs and she just shrugged
‘We saw the police truck leaving- what is going on?’ Cylvia asked
‘David had an accident.’ Bella said tiredly, this same old report was getting old
‘And you called the police?’ Cylvia arced an eyebrow upwards. Of course the police have never been of real help in these cases and they had decided not to call them with the same old report but try to just manage Daniel’s clumsiness. But her mind had been too groggy to remember all that since the situation did scream like a crime scene. And Cylvia had a point but she was still mad at herself for being touchy about the fact that she was with Fred somewhere strolling like a good old love bird’s couple and forgot that lunch time was over.
‘Should I have called the Bishop?’ Bella sounded more annoyed than was necessary for the situation. Cylvia blinked at her with a scowl.
‘He was attacked this time,’ Susan said diverting the growing tension between the two sisters.
Cylvia shrugged, ‘the Bishop would have been a good idea.’
Bella resisted the urge to glare at her. Susan looked like she was trying not to burst out laughing while Cylvia took it upon herself to explain to Fred the whole Daniel ordeal.
Bella retreated to her room as soon as dinner was over. She was trying to escape the long discussion about Daniel again. As if anything would come out of it! 
She took her book and sat on a stuffed couch by the window. Her bedroom window overlooked the bush- it used to be scary but she soon grew to admire the night view. The stars seemed brighter over those branches and leaves.
She opened her book and plunged into the world of fiction.
In the story she was reading, people were being murdered by a strange white figure and they were in the middle of the ocean in a small ship. How ironic that the story turned out that way when she was trying to not have any wild thoughts regarding Daniels’s accidents
She closed the book and stared out into the woods. A white figure flashed past her eyes. She blinked- great now she was imaging what she had been reading about. She peered again and saw a white figure again, now further off into the woodland. She jumped away from the window—oh no, her fiction characters have now come to hunt her down.
She shook her head—no she must be worn out to imagine such insane occurrences
The following day was just ordinary. Workers went on about their work; Bella marched to her office as usual. Fred said very little as usual and the day dragged on to lunch time. It was Friday and half day of work. Bella grabbed her paperback and a cloth to go for a walk.
The footpath inside the woods solitary and still except for a few livestock and birds. The sun was full and blazing when she to her favorite spot. On the banks of a river was a sandy dry spot under a cliff of mud and tree roots. She spread a cloth on the sandy ground and sat there to enjoy the nature.
She was halfway through her creepy novel when she heard footsteps. She raised her head from her book and glanced around, her head clearing away from her world of fiction. She thought of the strange white figure that she saw last night and shook her head.
‘Bella?’ his voice was more fascinated than surprised.
She sprang to her feet and turned around, feeling the blood draining from her face. Her heart thumped loudly against her ribs.
‘I’m sorry I didn’t mean to startle you!’
Bella smiled tentatively, - he didn’t have to plan how to scare her- his avoidance alone was a scary mysterious occurrence. Now that was frightening that a stranger could have so much power over her. The man came out of nowhere and invaded her peaceful normal existence. Now nothing was normal anymore, all she had all day was a rapidly beating heart—maybe she should get checked for a heart condition. Not to mention the fact that she now walked around consciously just because she was trying to not run into him and have another awkward moment of zoning out because she still haven’t gotten over the fact that he could have walked out from a glossy magazine.
‘No you didn’t startle me at all.’ She stammered. Why was it so hot all of a sudden? A heat wave? No, he was suddenly there and all the administration board of her mind was immediately thrown into chaos
‘You look startled.’ His eyes flashed humorously. 
That smile, she swallowed. 
‘Nobody comes here.’ She managed a shrug, ‘so I wasn’t expecting-‘her voice trailed away. His steady gaze lingered on her for a long moment then her little bag, the cloth on the sandy ground and the book on it.
‘I got lost,’ he said, looking away from her and focusing on the surrounding- he seemed very uncomfortable. Yes, she was used to that. Small unreasonable movements that should go unnoticed and she quickly noticed them because her traitorous eyes studied very closely while her heart did somersaults and her brain switched to slow motion mode. 
‘I can help you get back.’ She said suddenly
‘No, I’ll find my way.’ He quickly turned and walked away.
‘It’s no problem I could just-‘she called after him but he was already gone. She sighed and sat on the ground, maybe she wasn’t the only one avoiding one person like the plague.




4


DURING DINNER she kept herself absent-minded. Fred had joined them for dinner again. She decided to think about Susan. Something was not right with Susan these days.
Susan didn’t want to open up- so Bella figured that it was something very big. She knew Susan didn’t get along well with her brother George- maybe they had an ultimate fight. She nodded to convince herself but she was unsatisfied 
When her mind returned to the dinner table Mr. Phillips was talking about Fred moving in. it would be easy for him to get to work in the morning.
Cylvia’s features glowed happily and Fred thanked Mr. and Mrs. Phillips for letting him stay.
Bella began to feel a headache coming on—somebody must have been against her existence on planet earth --as if it was one hundred miles from the Graces to the Phillips
That was not even the worst part. The worst part was that, Fred’s room was directly opposite to hers. She could not begin to count the times when they ran into each other in the hall way or when they both came out of their rooms at the same time and mumbled awkward greetings.
Oh and she would never forget the day she ran into him when she was on his way from the bathroom after a shower—not that he was naked but seeing drops of water on his skin was not a good thing for her wild imagination. 
‘Bella!’ Lloyd’s voice made her jump one day in the office.
He was standing by the doorway as if he owned the place. He had his arms folded across his chest and his bad-boy good looks pouring out of him. It was weird that he simply reminded her of one bad boy in particular, maybe it wasn’t fair but that wasn’t her fault either—fate had to take the blame for letting things happen the way they did.
‘Cousin.’ He smiled at Fred. 
She closed her laptop and began to gather her files.
‘You’re leaving?’ Lloyd feigned a betrayed look
‘Its lunch time,’ Bella said tiredly without looking at him.
‘But I just got here.’
‘Did we have an appointment?’ she looked at him with a raised eyebrow
Lloyd grinned, ‘I like to surprise you,’
‘Beleaguer me- that’s more like it.’ She mumbled walking to the door and stopped in front of him, ‘move.’
‘Let’s have lunch.’ Lloyd drawled, ‘I will make sure that you eat- put a little meat on those bones.’
Bella sighed and pushed past him
Lloyd sighed, ‘she is always ignoring me.’
‘I can understand why.’ Fred raised an eyebrow at him
‘She ignores everyone,’ Lloyd rolled his eyes, ‘she looks like that and she doesn’t want to socialize.’
‘No one in their right mind would call any interaction with you socializing.’
‘Huh, you cruel conceited cousin.’
‘Your only one. What are you doing here anyway?’
‘Father wants to see you as soon as you are free.’
Fred nodded, ‘I will come after lunch.’
Bella smelled freshly baked goodies as soon as she stepped into the house
‘Fred,’ Cylvia rushed from the kitchen and stopped when she saw Bella, ‘where is Fred?’
‘Hello to you too Cylvia and no thank you I am not hungry.’
‘You are so annoyed today.’
‘Lloyd is here.’
Cylvia gigged, ‘he came to see Fred—give him a break.’
‘Oh,’ Bella feigned surprise, ‘then he forgot about that and started flirting with me.’
In front of Fred—why did she care?
Bella sighed and rushed upstairs to her room and shut the door
‘That smells good.’ She heard Fred marveling
‘I promised to bake some for sure,’
‘You are too good to me.’
Ugh, they sounded like a mushy newly married couple. She glanced at the bookshelf. It high time she got rid of those stupid romance novels—they were the reason why she was like this.
Oh for heaven’s sake she couldn’t possibly blame her lack of balance around Fred on a bunch of fictional love stories.
Her phone buzzed near her on the bed. She picked it up and pressed accept without looking at who was calling.
‘This is Bella Phillips how may I help you?’
Silence.
‘Hello!’
No answer.
Bella glanced at the screen- it was a private number. She scowled at the phone. The called ended the call after thirty seconds.
She sat there for a few moments contemplating what to do. Just days ago, Daniel had an accident again, he went out for an evening walk and according to him he had no idea what happened that he woke up the next morning on the river bank.
She even saw the white figure again two nights ago and was convinced that this was no longer just her imagination.
She wanted to tell the rest of the family about this- something connected all these events. But of course they would think that she was just bluffing.
So on an impulse she grabbed her car keys and rushed downstairs, she had to talk to Officer David about this at least.
‘Bella, where are you rushing to?’
Ugh, Lloyd, Fred and Cylvia were in the living room, when did they get here so fast?
‘Out! ‘She answered, hoping to divert three pairs of eyes away from her in a hurry.
‘Is it important? Some paper just came in—maybe I could go for you.’ Cylvia offered
Bella almost laughed, she will need an entire century to explain to Cylvia exactly where she was going and unfortunately humans didn’t live that long.
‘No and I want to go by myself. I will be back soon.’
‘You are going to the sale aren’t you?’ Lloyd smiled at her, ‘better hurry it ends in an hour I think.’
Bella scowled at Lloyd quizzically, ‘what sale?’
Cylvia narrowed her eyes at her. ‘Are you living under a rock? Susan was panting on her way to the grocery stores.’
‘Then why didn’t you go?’
‘No free time on my calendar, and you also don’t have free time because you need to rush n\back to the office right now.’
‘I will only be a minute.’ 
She rushed out of the house before any of then asked her more probing questions. Some paper could wait.


THE POLICE BUILDING IN Farmland was not very fancy but normal enough to be intimidating. And it didn’t help that villagers had a lot of weird folks tales set on the place.
Bella parked in front of the building and inhaled deeply before making her way into the building. As always the atmosphere wasn’t very welcoming and had a thick feeling of pending disaster hanging in the air. She made her way to the front desk and stared back at a no-nonsense giant police woman who was chewing gum rather loudly in the middle of the day.
‘Officer David?’
The queer looking police officer raised her thick eyebrows at her ‘do you have an appointment?’
‘No it’s an emergency,’ Bella said calmly. It’s not as if she had strong evidence as to why she should be screaming for the hills at this very moment and have the entire army come and confirm her situation.
‘Honey, Officer David, is overflowing with emergencies—goats missing is an emergency, -- some old lady dragged him across the village for a crop disease. Someone called because they couldn’t find their cat—now we don’t have superheroes to overtake some of the meaningless and foolish emergencies and it makes us seem short staffed—so if there isn’t any appointment and you are not here to tell me something that I haven’t heard before  am afraid that I can’t help you.’
Bella gaped at the woman in astonishment. She just collected herself and left the building.
The talkative woman was right—this was not something nobody had heard before. Except the white figure in the woods. But she wouldn’t let many people know that, with her already fragile reputation with the villagers they will not hesitate to call her insane and suggest that Mr. Phillips send her to a madhouse while the situation could still be handle
So, she shook her head and got back into her car. Maybe she was overreacting. But then given some of the things she had to endure in the past, overreacting had been a close companion of hers.




5


SHE MET SUSAN ON HER WAY BACK TO THE FARM. She was now beginning to see her ridiculous reaction after leaving the station. At least the woman didn’t seem to recognize her right away so the issue should remain mysterious for the time being. At least she won’t have portrayed herself as a potentially erroneous person.
As they approached the house from their walk, they saw officer David’s car parked in front.
‘Why is he here?’ Susan wondered.
Bella froze, oh no. There goes her trying not to paint herself as a potentially insane person to the whole world. The darn old officer always had the wrong timing. Why did they appoint old people like him as head of police in the villages anyway? Is it the low crime rate? Or she read too many detective and mystery novels and she was expecting a little too much?
‘Let’s go in.’ Susan took her arm
They were all in the living room discussing another incident of some sort. Apparently Officer David had come to see her. The crimes were getting worse in Farmland and he wanted to ask Bella if she knew anything such that she rushed to his office yesterday.
This clueless old man! Bella stifled a groan, she had not told anyone about it and now her whole family was looking at her as if a mummy was found buried in her room’s ceiling.
‘I wanted to know if you had found anything.’ Bella said impassively, ‘Daniel had another accident and I kind of panicked.’
Pairs of eyes looked at her suspiciously.
Officer David nodded slowly, ‘as it turns out, all of local people are now paranoid at the moment—any bit of information would be helpful, is there anything else.’
The old man obviously noted that she as trying to hide something.
Her heart skipped, how can she talk about this? She had wanted to ask him because she thought it was silly.
‘well some private number made a creepy call to me and I keep seeing someone in the woods wearing white—like I said, I just overreacted,’ Bella blubbered. She did not do well when many pairs of eyes were staring at her. And now the look was that she had made a mistake of dragging a very busy officer here for nothing. She tried hard to not bury her face in her hands
‘Everyone is paranoid. ‘Susan came to her rescue, ‘and Daniel keep having accidents he should be quarantined.’
Officer David chuckled, ‘I thought so too,’ he turned to Bella, ‘well that’s what I wanted to ask—we will inform you of anything if we find something.’
‘Thank you officer David, I know you men are doing the best you can.’ Mr. Phillips said
Susan left when Officer David left. Bella immediately rushed to her room to deal with her chagrin. She stood by her window and felt anger overwhelm her. It was not as if she was delusional, she knew what she saw- someone wearing white ran into those woods twice. The call was creepy and she always had a crippling feeling she felt.
Because of Officer David’s lack of discreet- she sounded insane back there.
When she recalled the look on their faces she wanted to laugh out loud. Though the situation did not call for laughter. This was her life, she had lost all their trust and confidence long time ago—she could understand why they reacted anyway.
She decided to take a walk- not wanting to return to the office and face Fred or anyone for that matter.
As always the footpath was solitary and still. Especially this time of the day. The fresh breeze and green trees. The feel of the sun on skin when the season was slowly changing from summer to winter. The low gentle cooing of birds—the sound of water in the river. She could never get tired of this----
She closed her eyes dreamily, inhaling the air, the little beach was close by, and she could hear how every little wildlife sound differed when she was leaving the forest labyrinth into the opened space of the little beach. There was even giggling as well—a happy giggle 
Her eyes fluttered open.




6


BELLA FROZE; mouth hanging open. Maybe she should not have woken up today. Things keep on getting weirder and weirder. It almost felt like an ultimatum to a horrible end. The horrible end where she would suffer a heart attack from shock.
Both of them sprang to their feet dusting off sand and straightening their clothes. 
‘Bella what are you doing here at this time?’ Lloyd said putting his shirt back on, ‘ditched work did you?’ he grinned mischievously. Bella gave him a venomous glare
She turned to look at Susan who had sat down on the sand her head tilted backwards, eyes closed.
‘Susan.’ Bella began to talk
‘It’s not what you are thinking!’ 
‘What was I thinking?’ Bella scowled at her. ‘What am I supposed to make of seeing him on top of you?’
Lloyd snorted and chuckled, ‘I can’t believe you said that aloud—but I barely got to where I wanted to be.’
‘Shut up Lloyd!’ Susan opened her eyes and glared at him, ‘just go.’
‘Okay.’ Lloyd shrugged and to Bella, ‘see you later.’
He brushed past her and disappeared into the woods.
‘Stop staring at me Bella.’
Bella scoffed, ‘I am just surprised Susan—I didn’t know—why didn’t you tell me?’
‘Must I tell you everything?’ she snapped
‘I guess not.’ Bella hissed, ‘not after what I saw.’
Susan stood up and pointed a finger at her, ‘it’s none of your business!’
‘This is not how it should be.’
Susan laughed, ‘oh Bella, don’t be stupid—don’t start all this moral thing with me.’
‘You sound like a really different person right now.’
‘This is me Bella—in case you haven’t noticed, everyone have to be different with you.’
‘What is that supposed to mean?’
‘Oh hello!’ Susan rolled her eyes, ‘everything about you is seen to be so perfect. Perfect family, perfect children and well behaved. Except for you and your reputation…. Do you have any idea how hard it is to be your friend? Whatever you do affects me too! Now everybody expects me to be like that—oh why can’t you be like your friend?’
 She mimicked her mother, ‘as if you are the replica of an angel.’
Bella stared at her speechlessly.
‘Well you are not Bella—so do not judge me.’
‘I wasn’t judging you!’ Bella whispered in shock, ‘and I am not perfect neither is my family.’
‘At least you have the decency to admit it.’ Susan spat, ‘and Lloyd is actually a nice guy Bella—just because you think you are too good for him doesn’t mean I should do the same.’ She narrowed her eyes at her, ‘it’s just a pretty face Bella, and you won’t have it forever.’
Bella let out a shaky breath before she turned away from her friend and rushed into the woods.’


AS IF CYLVIA HAD A WAY OF KNOWING just when to make her life miserable; she invited Lloyd for dinner. He was all cool and the same as if nothing had happened that afternoon.
‘It’s market day tomorrow!’ Cylvia announced, ‘mom and dad I was wondering if you wanted to go!’
‘no.’ Mr. Phillips shook his head, ‘you young people should go and have a good time- we old folks may just get into you way.’
‘Oh no you should come Mr. Phillips; many other farmers will be there as well.’ Lloyd said
Bella was staring at her plate absently- the conversation around the table vanished and deafened. She was repeating the scene she had with Susan at the little beach over and over again in her mind. Susan was right, everyone behaved differently with her.  But that was not as shocking as seeing Lloyd and Susan like that. It was not as if she thought he was an unsuitable person—maybe a bit annoying—oh why was she kidding herself? It was because of her ill judgment that Susan became defensive about their relationship. Besides Bella was not going to be the only one shocked by the realization.
‘People get free rides as well,’ Cylvia was saying, ‘it’s one day in a year.’
‘One day to worry about.’ Mr. Philips added, ‘the idea of you hitchhiking is not very soothing. The kidnappers and thieves are looking forward to it as well.’
‘You are too paranoid Mr. Philips, you will age quickly.’ Lloyd said
‘Young man the moment you become a parent you start aging.’
‘Are your parents going?’ Mrs. Philips asked Lloyd.
‘I haven’t had the chance to ask them today—I had some errands to run in the afternoon.’ Lloyd answered seriously
Bella snorted and chuckled, by the time she wanted to stop herself, pairs of eyes were on her
‘I was just thinking,’ she lied. She saw Lloyd looking at her from the corner of her eye.
‘Bella are you also going to market day?’ Fred asked her to her surprise.
‘I don’t know I haven’t decided yet.’ She answered without looking at him
‘Please take her there, I don’t want to see her spend the whole day in that dungeon room of hers—she should go out sometime.’ Mr. Philips said and they all laughed
‘Why should that bother you dad—I will be in the other end of the house you will barely know that I am there,’ she did not want to go out tomorrow and face the population while trying to avoid her best friend and her lover.
‘I will make sure that she goes to market day tomorrow.’ Fred declared. Bella raised her eyes to look at him. She couldn’t help it, what was wrong with the man all of a sudden?
‘You don’t have to bother yourself.’ She flashed him a taut smile, ‘and it’s my choice.’
Lloyd cleared his throat, ‘I may have forgotten to mention that Timothy is back in town, you may want to see him’ he raised an eyebrow
Bella scowled, she did speak to him on the phone three days ago and the son of a gun never mentioned that he was coming back. Perhaps she was losing two friends in a hurry
‘Really? When?’ Cylvia asked
‘Last night.’ Lloyd answered Cylvia while keeping his eyes on Bella.
Bella sighed, Timothy wanted to see her he could have told her that he was coming. Perhaps he thought she was a burdensome friend as well. 
She wanted to ask whether he was coming to market day and when she looked at Lloyd she caught Fred gazing studiously at her, she blinked at him in surprise. Only this time, he did not look away. She held his gaze- maybe he will look down like he always does but he kept his unblinking eyes on her. 
She looked back down at her food—she didn’t want another mental roller-coaster.
‘Timothy and Fred are like close.’ Cylvia told Bella as they were doing the dishes after dinner and Fred accompanied Lloyd to his house
‘Really?’ Bella scowled at her, ‘how do you know?’
‘They lived together with Fred’s mother—but I think something big happened because Fred suddenly came to farmland.’
‘You mean he didn’t go bankrupt?’
‘No—it’s something else—he avoids talking about it so assumed that it was something really bad.’
‘You guys are really close.’
Cylvia snorted, ‘it’s not like that—it’s just like you and Timothy- we used to think that you were going to end up together,’
‘No timothy is like a brother to me.’
‘And Lloyd?’ 
‘He’s just not for me.’ Bella said wearily recalling him and Susan with a nauseous feeling coming on. It wasn’t like she thought she was better than anyone in Farmland. She just wasn’t attracted to Lloyd and her mindset was forever ruined by her booked to enter into a relationship just because it was seen as fitting.
There was only one time that she felt anything for someone. And that someone happened to be her elder sister’s prospective lover. Could the world get any worse?




7


SHE TRIED CALLING SUSAN before she left that morning, and still could not reach her. She didn’t want to go to her house. Not that she could, Fred and Cylvia had made it their lives mission that morning to make sure that Bella left the house with them- Mr. Philips request.
There was nothing fun about market day. The outrageous crowds, the noise and the same old same old timetable was excruciating to go through. For young people, his was their chance to socialize outside their normal social circles and for the old it was a chance to get together and talk about the good old days.
In Farmland, it was also close to touching the civilizations of modern life as tourists came to meander around as if the commercial farms village was some sort of fairyland.
Bella had to admit that it did for a moment feel fairy tale like. The weather was perfect. That kind of weather when the sun was neither too hot nor cold. Perhaps her dad was right, this was much better than her little room.
She strolled aimlessly down the streets- there were tables upon tables of fruits, vegetables and meats. Clothes too with nice prints. A local musician had the speakers blasting in another corner while a small skinny man danced comically to the music. A small crowd surrounded the duet giggling. There were circus actors as well, doing all kinds of tricks—nothing too fancy but it was captivating. 
She crossed the road to the other side where it was less crowded. She wondered whether Susan was around. Susan loved market day- she wouldn’t miss it- and it was always fun with her around. 
‘Bella Philips!’
Bella’s head snapped up and she saw Timothy in front of her. She gasped and flashed him a bright smile. She wanted to stay mad at him for not telling that he as coming back to Farmland but seeing him brought a smile to her face. She was just fond of Timothy. It couldn’t be helped. She thought that moment that it was funny how she had different feelings about the Grace household.
‘Oh my God, timothy.’ Was all she could say before he walked to her and pulled her into a hug. She hugged him back before she stepped back to take a good look at him. Had he grown taller? The last time she saw him he was boyish and young. And a troublemaker, might she add. ‘When did you come?’
‘Two nights ago.’
‘Oh I wouldn’t have guessed that my dear old friend returned home and found it worthy to not let me know.’
‘Oh I’m sorry Bell, it was a last minute decision and I thought Lloyd may have said something—oh you know I don’t know how to decide things like this so well.’
‘That much you are and you know too well that I don’t trust your brother’s words.’
‘Very good.’
Bella giggled and someone cleared their throat behind Timothy. She had not noticed that Lloyd and Fred were right behind him. That is when she noticed the resemblance. The three walking together like that ought to be a chaos—they looked like three high-class models.
‘It’s good to hear you voice out loud that you don’t trust me Bella.’ Lloyd said, ‘I always wondered where we got off on the wrong foot.’
‘Oh my.’ Bella gasped feigning shock with her hand on her chest, ‘I didn’t mean for you to hear that out loud. I wasn’t expecting to run into you this afternoon—I thought you would be running errands.’ She raised her eyebrows suggestively 
Lloyd smiled smugly as if she had caught him assembling a secret space station in the woods. 
Timothy scoffed, ‘Lloyd doesn’t run errands—maybe if talking was considered an errand,’
Bella’s smiled mischievously still looking at Lloyd, ‘oh I’m sure his mouth was busy, in all the unforgettable places.’
Fred looked from Lloyd to Bella with a narrowed gaze. Lloyd pressed his lips together, stifling a laugh. Bella pursed her lips, the man was an insufferable two faced—she didn’t care what he did with himself all over town but why did it have to be Susan? And didn’t Susan know better than to throw herself at him? 
‘Why are you walking alone? Where is Cylvia?’ Fred asked her, breaking her private livid reverie
‘I don’t know.’ Bella shrugged, ‘why should I know.’ Since when did she care to locate Cylvia’s whereabouts? 
‘Am I missing something?’ timothy raised an eyebrow, ‘Bella I’m not sure which one of us you are mad at.’
‘I thought so too moments ago.’ Fred said glancing at Lloyd who looked annoyed just as Bella was annoyed whenever she looked at his direction.
‘You are missing nothing.’ Lloyd suddenly said, ‘Bella never have interesting stuff following her around.’ 
‘Maybe not in broad daylight.’ Bella said through her teeth. Timothy and Fred exchanged glances at this exchange
Lloyd snorted and snickered. ‘Oh there are nights as well in case you were wondering.’
Bella gaped at him and he only shrugged at her with a smirk. Fred and timothy exchanged glances.
‘Hey everyone.’ Cylvia suddenly appeared when Bella was about to give the man a piece of her mind. ‘I just found the perfect spot to have lunch.’
‘Where?’ Fred asked her with a smile
Cylvia grinned, ‘come and see.’ She turned to Timothy, ‘hey you—you look different.’
‘I thought so,’ timothy said in mock horror, ‘now you will not call me little boy.’
‘Oh you just reminded me.’ Cylvia winked at him and to Bella, ‘where on earth is Susan?’
Bella looked at Lloyd and said, ‘I can’t tell she may be waiting for a session.’
‘Ah, yes the street performances are about to start.’ Cylvia quipped
Lloyd guffawed. 
‘Let’s go for lunch I am starving.’ Lloyd announced loudly and walked away.
Did you two have a fight?’ Cylvia pointed from Bella to Lloyd
‘Why would I fight with him?’ Bella mumbled
Sensing her mood, Cylvia turned to Fred and linked her arm with his, ‘shall we go for lunch?’
‘Yes ma’am!’ he beamed
As Fred and Cylvia walked away hand in hand, timothy turned to give her a strange look
‘Shall we go?’ timothy asked her
‘Can we skip lunch?’ she blurted out
Timothy looked at her in surprise
‘No you can go if you want but—I just don’t feel like eating.’
Timothy nodded slowly, ‘fine lets ditch together—we can catch up.’
‘You don’t have to.’
‘I want to—come on lets go.’
Bella felt a relief as they began to walk the other direction. She doesn’t have to deal with Lloyd or her being secretly disturbed with Cylvia and Fred’s closeness.
‘So how have you been Bella? I was a little scared that you wouldn’t be here when I returned.’
‘You said you were not coming back to Farmland.’
Timothy nodded in agreement to that—when he left years ago he was just as crazy as Susan was about leaving the backward town
‘I missed this little town and I missed you.’
Bella put her hand on her chest, ‘I am so touched,’
‘I am glad to know that you are,’
‘But seriously—I heard differently.’
Timothy looked at her visibly surprised, ‘Bella listening to rumors now?’
‘My sister hardly gossips.’
‘And where would Cylvia hear it unless it was a gossip.’
Bella shrugged, ‘from Fred! She said you two are like this!’ she crossed her index and middle finger together.
Timothy chuckled, ‘are those two really that close?’
‘They are….’ Bella said, ‘are you staying long?
‘I came back for good.’
‘Really?’
‘I missed my mom.’
Bella rolled her eyes, ‘you still playing the baby of the house?’
‘That wasn’t my fault. But I like that it makes Lloyd mad.’
‘Perhaps Cylvia was right.’ Bella said laughing, ‘you will never grow up.’
Timothy laughed with her as they continued their stroll down the street talking about the good old days. 
‘So what’s going on?’ timothy finally asked when they found a nice spot to sit for a snack and there was a small band laying soft music across the road. 
‘With what?’ Bella looked at him innocently as if she had no idea what he was talking about.
Timothy narrowed his eyes at her, Bella looked across the road at the band, and ‘it doesn’t matter,’
‘You were exchanging fires with Lloyd earlier and you didn’t want to hear about Susan.’
Bella groan, ‘I just don’t want to talk about it now- I am still getting over it.’
Timothy sighed, ‘it’s just that I hoped you will be happier when I see you again.’
She turned to look at him, ‘I am not happy?’
‘You are not.’ Timothy said honestly, ‘Farmland sucking the life out of you?’ 
Bella smiled, ‘I guess.’
‘You’re still here.’
‘I know.’ Bella said with a long sigh, ‘and nothing much has changed.’
Timothy smiled ruefully, ‘I know right?’
‘But how come your cousin never came to farmland before?’
‘He just never did—his father and my father never saw eye to eye… and his mother hates the village.’
‘Oh, so why did he come here eventually?’
‘I convinced him to come here with me… he had a bad breakup with his girlfriend and I thought he needed some fresh air.’
‘Oh!’ Bella grimaced, ‘I though he went bankrupt.’
Timothy chuckled, ‘because he works for you?’
‘He lives with us as well.’ Bella blurted out, ‘not that it’s a problem, I just.’ She stammered, 
Timothy narrowed his eyes at her thoughtfully, ‘uh huh,’
‘What?’ she averted her eyes
A slow smile spread across his face, ‘finally! Someone who shot straight through your barriers!’ a statement
‘Why would you say that?  She was wondering if she had any barriers
‘Because I know you Bella.’
She scoffed, ‘how flattering!’
He sighed loudly, ‘this is so refreshing—I never thought coming here will really solve his problem- I turn out to be a guru at the end of the day,’
‘A guru? You? Let’s hear it.’ She said cockily turning to look at him.
‘It took me few seconds in our conversation with Fred for me to realize that he got over Casey. In fact he may have matured a little after getting away from her enchantments.’
‘That’s her name?’ she tilted her head at this new revelation, not hearing everything else dumped by a girlfriend? What kind of person would dump someone like Fred Lotman? 
‘hmm—she was his childhood friend- he thought he was the love of her life—Casey didn’t care about him that way till the day he got successful and she suddenly was all over him—he never saw it coming, not until she pranced away with one of his business partners.’
Bella gaped at him, ‘wow, that’s like a real life drama of chaos.’
‘I’m glad it was over--....’
Bella began to wonder if she reminded him of his ex—could be the reason he avoided her so much? What in the world was she thinking now? She shook her head and laughed, 
‘What?’
Bella snapped out of her thoughts, ‘I was just thinking that’s all.’ She flashed a smile, ‘thank you for ditching lunch with me.’
Timothy grinned, ‘anytime Bella, how could I refuse a friend who used to help me ditch classes back then?’
Bella chuckled, ‘I am surprised that you made it through school.’
‘Yeah, the principal used to say that I am going to end up working in the gold mines.’
‘He was a riot.’
The day drifted to the end and Bella had to return home. She hugged her friend goodbye before she started for the road home. She was glad Timothy was nice enough to spend the rest of the day with her and they had a lot to catch up on anyway. She sighed as she thought how nostalgic she suddenly began to feel being in Timothy’s presence, and how she already missed Susan.
She would not hold a grudge on Susan for very long, because not only it was the Christian way to always forgive but also because Susan had been there for her when she needed someone. 


SHE ALLOWED HER MIND TO return to that memory that she always never tempered with. She remembered running through the woods, barefooted and branches and leaves slapping at her—she yelled into space as she ran, ‘you are supposed to be my advocate- why do you want me to go through all this and still keep me here? I just wasn’t supposed to be there.’
She had been in the wrong place at the wrong time, and it all backfired. The rumors spread like wildfire and it was the beginning of another hell. She had prayed about it hoping that the issue would be miraculously solved- but perhaps even heaven was not ready to deal with a scoundrel such as John the bully Jones- so she decided to take matters into her own hands
She remembered the small hairs on her neck tingling as she approached the shabby cabin. She had been looking forward to it, there had been a lot of stories about the cabin in Farmland village. All kinds of harrowing stories- but she desperately needed to get back the most expensive book she had borrowed from the library.
Susan had warned her, Timothy had warned her as well to not borrow books from the library, which could cost a fortune to replace if it were ever lost
Oh please! If there was anyone on planet earth who could be trusted with the proper care of all books- it was Bella and besides the librarian was more than willing to lend it to her, it was priceless and was only ten copies in the whole country.
She had kept her bag close to her like a golden amulet ever since she got it- she was even afraid to leave it at home. What if a fire broke out?
John Jones was one of those annoying big bullying types at school. Even the teachers had all given up on him- they even hoped he would just drop out so that they could have peace of mind at the school. He had a little cliché of friends who did everything he told them to do and one of them discovered Bella’s priceless book
He did not need to do anything extravagant – he simply snatched the bag from her and walked away with it. Bella did not sleep that night- she confronted him the following day to no avail. Then timothy being the good friend that he was told her about John’s secret cabin house, where he kept his precious things. John hoped to pen a museum one day
Bella had laughed at this—the prick had a dream as well? It was a bad idea- she was already in hot soup because Mr. Phillips will have to pay for the lost book from the library. That was trouble enough, now she had to go to some lonely creepy cabin in the middle of the woods where a sadist pyscho high school kid lived?
Well she was desperate, so she decided to go.




8


‘OH LOOK WHO IS HERE,’ he drawled with a lopsided smile, ‘rupanzo let your hair down and rescue me from this dark castle of mine.’
‘Shut up John. Where is my bag?’
‘Whoa,’ John stepped back into the house hands raised, ‘you’re scary like that.—trying to scare me darling?’
‘I don’t have time for this.’ She glared at him, ‘I want my bag and I want it now.’
‘Oh lord have mercy—I though Christian girls were supposed to be kind and nice, I guess I misjudged you.’
‘Do you even have the brains to judge? You think you are so scary but you are not—I am not afraid of you John and you r little caste—so do yourself a favor and give me the damn book.’
He grinned at her shaking his head, ‘that sass- where was it Bella? I always thought of you as a boring girl—I guess I was wrong.’
Bella groan exasperatedly this was of no use, - she turned to go and he grabbed her arm, pulled her inside and shut the door. 
‘You don’t want your bag?’ he leaned his face closer to hers invading her personal space. She raised her knee and brought it into his stomach. He grunted and staggered backwards into the room, knocking something to the floor and it made an earsplitting crashing sound. Bella quickly scanned the room for her bag; it was on a chair by the bed. She had seconds and she decided to leave with her bag instead.
She rushed to the chair and grabbed her bag. A strong arm locked around her waist
‘You have no idea how hot a woman who puts up a fight is.’ His voice rasped into her ear.
‘Let go of me. ‘She snarled
Instead, he crushed her to himself and blew his breath in the crook of her neck
‘You and I can be so good together,’ he shoved her on the small bed; a puff of dust erupted and choked her. She rolled onto her back, clutching the bag on her belly. He caught her leg when she wanted to kick him and hovered on top of her, pinning her down with all his strength to the bed.
Bella mashed her mouth into a hard line, in order to not scream. She had read form a certain thriller that she was not to give a criminal the reaction that he wanted- take him by surprise. She relaxed her body under him and whimpered as she tore at her shirt; buttons flew across the room bouncing on the dusty wooden floor.
He began to undo his belt, grunting angrily as the thing refused to come off. She bend her leg and took off her shoe. She had one of those hard school shoes- Mr. Philips disliked buying school uniform every term, so he always bought the strongest brands. While he was preoccupied with pulling off his trousers, she raised her hand and brought the sole of her hard school shoe on top of his head.
He yelped in pain at the same time rolled off her, clutching his head with both hands. Bella did not waste time; she jumped of the bed and rushed out of the cabin.




9


BELLA HUGGED HER ARMS AS the memory faded from her head. She saw the house loom in front of her and banished the next memory that was coming along. There was no point on dwelling on it. Because no matter how many times she replayed it in her mind, nothing ever happened differently, nothing changed.
How could she abandon the one person who stood by her when all other had turned away? No matter what Susan had said or done—she will never abandon her.
‘Bella!’ she felt a gentle grip on her arm, she flinched and whirled around to face a very surprised Fred. ‘Timothy said you left on your own. Did you walk here?’
Bella nodded, ‘it’s not that far and I didn’t want to have to look for any one of you in that crowd.’
Fred sighed, ‘did he have to let you walk by yourself?’ he muttered under his breath, ‘well are you okay?’
‘I’m fine!’ she flashed a small smile- why shouldn’t she be? She was having an epiphany just now
‘Let’s go then,’ he said gently placing his hand on her back as they walked towards the house. 
‘Where is everyone?’ she wondered
‘Already at the house.’
Bella bit her lower lip. They obviously flipped a little when they got to the house and she had not yet arrived. Well whatever the motive, walking with Fred like was heartwarming. It was useless to deny the fact that she like him more that she should, especially since he was so close with her sister—it was a sickening scenario to think about- even embarrassing. But how do people deal with such a strong pull to someone, even if it’s wrong?
Mrs. Philips had already prepared dinner. The table was alight with conversation and laughter as they talked about the day. Bella felt a warm feeling settling inside of her. Not sure what it was. Must have been that she saw Timothy after so long. Must be the warm delicious weather. Maybe she really did have a good time.
She glanced at her family reclined on the table. A warm smile came to her face- the cold cynical pain she usually felt was not there tonight.
Cylvia told everything she could remember, Mr. Philips asked of everyone he knew and aired his opinion of them freely, Mrs. Philips constantly scolding him in the process.
After desert everyone retreated to bed, it was a lovely but tiring day. Bella was in the middle of her dishes when she felt a presence behind her
‘I’ll dry; she jumped at his voice as he stepped beside her on the sink and grabbed the dish towel.
‘Thank you!’ she said quietly and turned back to what she was doing, ‘you don’t have to—you must be tired.’
‘You are the one who walked all the way here!’
She shrugged a little, ‘I love walking, and it helps me to think.’
‘Yes you do that a lot.’
She looked at him scowling quizzically, ‘do what?’
He leaned forward eyes locked with hers and she stopped breathing, ‘thinking,’ he whispered
She felt heat rushing to her face. Blinking, she looked away into the sink. What was wrong with him all of a sudden? Did someone do something to him? Something like bang his head into disorientation!
‘Timothy and you are old friends?’
‘Huh?’ she said when she finally managed to breathe
‘You two seem very close.’
We are—childhood friends.’
‘He mentioned you a lot—I didn’t know he was talking about you of course, until today.’
‘Oh!’ was all she could say. 
‘Yeah, I feel like I know you already.’
So it took Timothy showing up to hug her in from of him for him to notice that she was not an alien?
‘Did you enjoy market day?’
‘Surprised mostly. I confused it with that day which you buy everything at half price.’
Bella snorted and chuckled, ‘you mean black Friday?’
‘Yes, that!’
‘Oh wow- you don’t look like someone who could be part of that crowd.’ She bit her lip as soon as the words were out of her mouth, that was a little too—
‘Neither do you!’ there he goes with his low whisper that sent chills down her spine. Someone was not normal between the two of them
‘I love quiet places—where I can-
‘Think!’ he finished
‘Yes, I say that a lot.’ She mumbled and handed him the last plate. When he did not take it, she looked at him and met his studious gaze. She had seen him looking at her like that before but not so very close. ‘People say that I am anti-social and I think they are right.’
‘And do you always listen to what people say?’  He said narrowing his eyes
Bella swallowed, ‘n-no of course not.’ She bit her lip, how could she think clearly when she was sinking slowly into those eyes?
A ghostly smile played at the corner of his lips, ‘what crowd would I fit in?’
Her lips parted in surprise- was he flirting with her? Should she flirt back? No of course not!
She shrugged nonchalantly and said ‘that is up to you.’ She pulled the plug from the sink and removed her apron. ‘Thank you for drying the dishes with me.’ 
Ugh she wanted to bury her face in her hands- how can she be so sensual with him without planning it. She bade him a good night and rushed to her room.


THE NEXT MORNING, Bella had tried calling Susan a countless times and even left messages. She was now beginning to worry about her friend. She felt like a zombie as she walked to the office. Sleep would not come last night despite how tired she had been. She was worried about Susan an almost importantly about Fred’s behavior. What in the world was he up to anyway? It had now been months since they kept a neutral existence between themselves and he was breaking that psychological contract. Maybe he was finally getting used to her.
‘Good morning!’ he flashed one of his heart stopping smiles he had adopted lately
‘Morning Fred!’ she was not going to breach the psychological contract
He seemed giddy that morning as he pulled a chair sat down and closed his eyes for a moment. Bella began to page through her file so that she didn’t stare at him
‘I can get used to this weather,’ he muttered under his breath
‘You are not your usual self Mr. Lotman. Do you feel bad for taking over my desk?’
Mr. Phillips had felt it necessary that they exchange work roles because it would make her life easier for the moment if she got a little break. He would not admit that he was worried about her present concentration. It was almost like a lot of drama was taking place these days.
He chuckled, ‘I actually don’t, its business it’s not personal.’
‘Well said Mr. Lotman.’
He opened one eye and looked at her; she kept her eyes on her computer screen, ‘which book are you reading these days?’
She blinked at him in surprise, ‘a historical Victorian thriller, why?’
‘Your grammar changes all the time depending on the book you are reading,’ he grinned.
Bella gaped at him in surprise – now she understood why Cylvia was crazy about him. The man had two sides, which could never be reconciled. But then determining that Cylvia was crazy about him was also a bias since there was no evidence of it. Or did she secretly hope that it wasn’t the case? 
She felt heat going to her face and averted her gaze someone needed to tell him that if he smiled like that he could cause road accidents.
‘Oh dear me I had no idea.’ She said mimicking an English accent
He laughed, ‘well said Miss Bella.’
‘You read books?’
‘No not really, ink and paper are not my favorite past time.’
‘So what is your favorite past time?’
He paused for a moment. ‘Beauty.’ He said
The way he said the word made it sound like the best word that exist in global linguistics.
She turned back to her computer again resuming her work. Whatever made Fred Lotman to loosen up this morning she had rather not get too comfortable in it?
He sighed loudly, lazily stretching his legs on top of his desk, folded his arms at the back of his head and stayed like that with his eyes closed. Bella swallowed when she saw that he had removed his shoes.
She couldn’t help it; she just had to gawk at him.
‘This is relaxing. Reduces stress in the work place.’
She swallowed again before she spoke, ‘it also causes distraction in the work place.’
He half-opened his eyes, ‘give it a try,’
‘No I’m fine.’
If she hadn’t been demoted to be his assistant, she would have told him to drop those legs of his from the desk.
She went back to her computer, now confused with what she was working on. Fifteen minutes later Susan walked in unannounced; it took Bella a few seconds to get her eyes off Fred and for Susan to materialize in front of her
‘Oh my!’ Susan gasped when she saw Fred and pressed her lips together not to laugh, ‘hello Fred.’
‘Hello Susan.’ He said with half opened eyes, ‘how have you been?’
‘I’ve been dreamy.’ She said with a smirk, Bella pressed her lips together disapprovingly at her.
‘Dreamy is good,’
‘How have you been yourself? I can see that you are so relaxed—this office have never been so appealing now that we have barefooted men in formal clothes in the picture—how I wish I could write this is worth a few pages.’
‘Susan!’ Bella cried in shock
‘Why Bella, you don’t think I am worth a few pages?’
Bella raised her eyebrows at him, ‘I need one of you to act normal for my sanity.’
Fred chuckled.
Susan turned to Bella, ‘hey, can I see you?’
Bella shot out of her chair, ‘sure.’
‘What is that all about?’   Drawled as they entered Bella’s room
‘He says it’s a relaxation technique from a stressful work place.’
Susan giggled, ‘I think I almost fainted seeing him like that.’
They sighed simultaneously as they sat on the bed.
‘Bella, I have had the most horrible past days,’ Susan began penitently, ‘I don’t know where to begin to tell you how sorry I am for saying those awful things to you,’
Bella nodded, ‘I have to tell you Susan what you said really hurt.’
‘I’m so sorry, I was just ashamed that you caught me like that and I was trying to cover up my guilt.’
‘But Susan, I’m glad you spoke up—it’s not like you said what I didn’t know already, I guess I just thought you didn’t mind outing up with me.’
Susan looked anguished, ‘no Bella, no- I don’t see you that way, I said those stupid things out of guilt- just to hurt you and that was evil—but I never saw you like that. Bella I love you like a sister.’
‘I’m sorry for the way I reacted; I didn’t mean to undermine Lloyd-.’
‘Oh please Bella you did nothing wrong. I would have freaked too if I found you like that with Fred.’
Bella groaned, ‘please don’t put that picture in my head,’
‘You have it that bad?’
‘I am captured.’
Susan laughed, ‘you are joking with me—does that mean you forgive me?’
She took her hands into hers, ‘oh Susan, I kept thinking of coming to your house to see you—I missed you a lot these past few days and market day was horrible.’
Susan smiled at her warmly, ‘thank you for forgiving me.’
‘Anytime us.’
Susan groaned, ‘there you go giving me a pet name.’
‘You don’t like it?’
Susan shrugged, ‘Lloyd said you are all fire and thunder with him these days.’
Bella snorted and chuckled, ‘well I may have said a few things or two.’
Susan sighed shaking her head, ‘I thought father was going to kill Lloyd this morning, George to my surprise came to the rescue.’
‘Oh no, you confessed to your parents about Lloyd?’
‘I didn’t plan to—but I woke up and threw up all over the bathroom and went through an interrogation.’
‘What does that mean?’
‘It means that I’m pregnant.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘100 percent sure,’
Bella nodded slowly, ‘how far along are you?’
‘Two months.’
‘Oh,’
‘That’s not the best part—Lloyd and I are to be married.’
‘You didn’t want to be married?’
‘Not with Lloyd!’
Bella gaped at her, ‘what does that mean?’
Susan shrugged, ‘it was just a hook up.’
Bella squeezed her eyes shut then she opened them, ‘Susan, why would you do something like that?’
Susan shrugged again unabashed, ‘I messed up okay? But it turns out that Lloyd is serious about this, he is more than thrilled that I am pregnant that means I can’t run from him anymore,’
Bella scoffed, who would have thought that Lloyd Grace would be capable of being caught up in such serious romantic scenarios. Susan was right; she always looked at Lloyd with a judgmental mind.
‘I am so screwed,’ Susan chuckled, ‘getting married scares the hell out of me—I am not the wifely and mother type,’
‘That’s what you told yourself.’
‘You really believe so?’
‘No.’
‘Brutally honest Bella.’
‘I don’t think Lloyd to be a father figure either.’
‘You always had a problem with Lloyd.’ Susan rolled her eyes
‘I know, - I just automatically disliked anyone who hit on me after the incident with John,’ Bella confessed
‘Except Fred.’
‘Fred is not hitting on me.’
Susan snorted, ‘right—but that’s not what I saw,’
‘He is close with Cylvia,’
‘Friends.’
‘There is much to be said about friendship with the opposite sex.’
‘Fine, deny all you want but I know that your heart is flattered at the thought of Fred hitting on you,’
‘Timothy is back in town.’ Bella changed the subject.
Susan gasped, ‘what? That minx is back and he never told me?’
‘He never told me either I ran into him at market day—he says communication is not his thing.’
Susan scoffed, ‘well he is so dead when I see him--- and that gives me something else to do other than my current life crisis.’
Bella chuckled.




10


DINNER WAS THE SAME as always. Work talk, farm reports, Cylvia and Mr. Phillips talking about their rounds of the day. Mrs. Phillips scolding Mr. Phillips over a careless remark about another person. Charles and Gerald talking about their boy stuff that no one understood besides themselves. Bella was quiet as usual, taking her invisible role at the dinner table. Cylvia initiated Fred into the conversation whenever she could.
‘And Susan and Lloyd are getting married.’ Cylvia announced all of a sudden, ‘the Clays asked for a wedding venue to take place on our farm.’
Mrs. Philips nodded, ‘I heard differently, ‘I heard that she fell pregnant,’
‘She was always a wild little thing.’ Mr. Philips said, ‘takes after her father.’
‘Oh for heaven’s sake Mr. Phillips.’ Mrs. Phillips scolded and turned to Bella, ‘you knew this for a while now didn’t you?’
Bella blinked at her mother, ‘why would I?’
‘Because you’ve been acting funny for a while.’ Mrs. Philips countered, ‘I always thought what upset you.’
‘I didn’t know.’ Bella lifted a glass of water to her mouth
Cylvia gave her a rueful smile, ‘of course it’s upsetting, and the guy you liked ends up with your best friend.’
Bella choked on her water and it splattered from her mouth, she started giggling then began to laugh hysterically. Gerald patted her on the back in case she was choking.
‘It can’t be that funny.’ Cylvia said sullenly.
Bella managed to stop laughing and then looked at her older sister with narrowed eyes, ‘no, no Susan marrying Lloyd isn’t funny, and it’s a riot. Imagine Mr. Grace trying to survive Mr. Clay---- What’s funny is that once something gets into your head, it can never be edited or corrected. It’s an annoying trend of stubbornness.’
Cylvia looked as if she had been slapped.
‘It runs in the family.’ Gerald agreed, still rubbing her back ‘Charles does the same thing,’
‘Comes from your father.’ Mrs. Philips added glancing at Mr. Phillips
Fred bit his lip in order to not laugh his eyes fixed on Bella
‘Are you denying the attraction you had with Lloyd?’ Cylvia gaped at her sister
Bella snorted, ‘that’s your definition of an attraction? You are more screwed than I imagined.’
Cylvia glared at her, ‘me? Look who’s talking.’
‘Yes it’s me talking Cylvia—who else could it be.’
‘There is no use in denying it,’
‘Yes there is no point because I can tell you in 24 languages that I am not attracted to Lloyd Grace and you would still raise the issue, like you always do.’
‘Your denial is pretty strong that is all the evidence that I need.’
‘Shoot me now.’
‘Children!’ Mr. Philips yelled and the table went silent, ‘can we talk about a more comforting topic please,’
Cylvia removed her eyes from Bella and turned to look at Mr. Phillips, ‘Clay wanted to know if you will allow them to use part of our land as their venue.’
‘That is hardly a comforting topic!’ Bella put her glass down and sat back in her chair
‘What’s wrong with their farm? Too much locusts.’ Charles scoffed.
‘Tell him that it is fine with me.’ Mr. Philips replied
‘Great.’ Cylvia beamed, ‘I am sure they will appreciate it.’
‘Are you the organizer?’ Mrs. Philips asked
‘No of course not.’ Cylvia shook her head
‘Then why are you in the middle of it- are you the maid of honor?’ Bella gave her a pointed look.
.you Bella? Susan came to see you earlier.’
‘No I’m not much of an organizer.’
‘At least you admitted that one,’ Cylvia muttered under her breath
Bella cast her a death glare.
‘Should we confirm the Lloyd and Bella issue and get it all straight!’ Gerald spoke formally and all eyes turned to him, ‘first of all there seem to be a misconception regarding the issue which someone needs to be educated about.’ He looked pointedly at Cylvia
Cylvia scoffed, ‘whose side are you on?’
‘We should motion this.’ Charles proposed.
Bella groaned and put her head into her hands.
‘All those who think Susan stole her best friend’s crush say aye!’
Bella raised her face and glared at Charles, ‘that’s not the issue here dimwit.’
‘But it’s in other words.’ Cylvia said smiling impishly at her
‘I second the motion.’ Mr. Phillips was fighting a smile obviously enjoying his children’s little banter
‘Dad!’  ‘Mr. Phillips!’ Bella and Mrs. Phillips said at the same time.
‘Aye!’ Fred said and Bella looked at him with wide eyes, ‘what? This is a free opinion issue.’
She looked back at Cylvia and Charles, ‘I think I’m going to kill you both.’
‘No- no talk of murder in my own house.’ Mrs. Phillips said calmly.
Bella narrowed her eyes at them, ‘fine, then it will be safe for you to never leave the Phillips premises for the next decade.’
Cylvia gaped at her, ‘oh wow, you are crazy.’ She got up ‘I will clear the table,’
‘I will help.’
Bella got up and went upstairs with Gerald
‘Tomorrow will be worse with the rumors.’ Gerald said as Bella turned to her room
‘’thank you for reminding me Gerald and now I won’t be able to sleep.’
‘Gerald smiled, ‘you are most welcome and good night sis.’


SHE DIDN’T WANT to get out of bed. She already knew what was out there. It was expected that anyone who hanged out with Bella would mess up one way or the other. People of farmland were careless and cruel with their mouths—and that morning, the force of bad memories was merciless.
She started by naming her current issue. One, she was so mad at Cylvia she fantasied strangling her. Two, she was too attracted to Fred and having Cylvia accuse her of liking Lloyd was another chaos she did not t need. Three, she was worried about Susan because she knew Susan was having a hard time with her family. Mr. Clay had a huge problem with the Graces.
And four, she felt even more infuriated whenever she heard Cylvia’s voice in the house, and it seemed like Cylvia was not getting out of the house today.
So instead on dwelling on her intoxicating issues, she jumped into the shower, put on the first thing she came into and took a walk to the little beach.
At least she could hide here while the bored villagers broadcasted the whole suan-and-lloyd-isnt-it-shocking-oh-well-she-did-run-with-Bella-Phillips-after-all topic and she won’t be around to confirm it. 
The buzz of her phone startled her. She had carried her phone not knowing why, despite that she did not want to be disturbed.
‘If you could not come to work today, at least you should have said so,’ came Fred’s voice. She pressed her lips together, she didn’t even think about work or the amount of work that was to be done today, ‘where are you?’
She cleared her throat, ‘I’m not at home.’
‘I know that.’
‘I’m sorry I couldn’t come to work today, I will finish everything tomorrow.’
‘Where are you exactly? They said that you just left, don’t do anything stupid.’
‘I’m around and I don’t do stupid.’ She began to feel light headed—they were looking for her—
‘Did you have lunch?’
It was already lunchtime?
‘No, I lost concept of time.’
‘Let’s have lunch then.’
Was this the same guy who usually said; I’m going to lunch,’ and left the office as if he was being chased by a swarm of bees?
‘Oh sure.’ She exclaimed, feigning excitement, ‘what’s on your mind.’
‘Cylvia made sandwiches.’
‘I’m not at home… enjoy your lunch.’ 
‘Alright then, see you,’
Bella blinked at the phone, she wasn’t sure how to feel about this call with Fred so she tossed the phone on the cloth she was sitting and continued to gaze at the woods absently. Thinking of Cylvia’s sandwiches suddenly made her hungry. Cylvia was an amazing cook—Bella wasn’t. Both Cylvia and Mrs. Phillips gave up trying to polish her cooking skills long time ago. She smiled at the memory.
‘A woman is supposed to have basic cooking skills at least.’ Mrs. Phillips had said it as if her life depended on it
Bella’s idea of basic was making eggs and coffee or at least being able to put a peanut butter sandwich together. As according to her own self- assessment as far as she was concerned, she had already acquired basic cooking skills. If she wanted one of Cylvia’s pies or tarts she will make her bake them or visit a prominent bakery.
The unmistakable sound of a snapping twig drew her out of her reverie. Of course small animals crept and crawled all over the woodland she had gotten over jumping to their appearance a long time ago. And she had assessed the place for many years and concluded that none of the big five frequented the area. So that meant no animal that could eat her would ever make its appearance. But the sound of something approaching wasn’t any small animal. And if her ears and senses were detecting correctly, a person was coming. Did someone figure out that she would be hiding out here until the rumor mill slows down or simply become bored to continue chasing after the issue?
She rolled her eyes, of course any person with brains would know that if she wasn’t in her room (which Mr. Phillips liked to refer to as her self-imposed dungeon) she would be here. She had been interchanging the two hide outs for so many years people almost apply for permission before coming to the little river bank. Maybe it was high time she started going somewhere else.
The person was approaching closer and Bella stared at the woods wondering what caliber of human being was about to invade her privacy and if she should get ready to make a run for it.
 Fred emerged from the woods holding a picnic basket. She gaped at him in surprise. He waved at her with a hand with which he was holding his phone with, and flashed a toothy epiphanic smile at her as he approached. Her body sagged in relief—well almost.
‘So you ditched work to lounge with the wild animals?’ he came and sat himself next to her on the cloth. Her heart couldn’t help but thud wildly at the closeness. He could have set opposite or a little farther away—not that she was complaining.
She sighed with mock frustration, ‘if only there were a lot more wild animals that would have been more fun.’ She looked at him, ‘and I consider this my way of relaxation from stressful work places,’
‘And how did you manage to possess this place anyway? They all say that it’s yours and for your pleasure only.’
‘By accident.’ Bella shrugged- the memory of how she stumbled upon this geographical beauty was not to be remembered. ‘and when you say they” are you referring to one person in particular?’
‘No not one person.’ He just said
‘So what about my little beach?’
‘It’s a phenomenon.’ He breathed, ‘and fresh.’
‘Really? You bolted out of here like a bat out hell when you came here by accident the last time,’
He laughed, ‘yes I found the landlady standing possessively on her property I was not about to cross any lines.’
Bella rolled her eyes and reached for the basket
‘What did you bring? It smells good, I’m starving.’
‘Cylvia’s rare sandwiches, she wants to make amends.’
‘With sandwiches?’
‘Well a certain scary lady threatened her to never leave the farm premises or face her own death last night.’
Bella threw her head back and laughed, ‘oh dear me, what’s coming of the world today?’
Fred smiled, ‘this is a genuine serious gesture, please reverse your decree.’
‘Who could have made her see the seriousness of her errors?’ Bella played along, ‘could it be Mr. Phillips?’
‘Not—I did.’ He pointed to his chest
She scowled at him, ‘I guess she can’t say no to you…’
‘What does that mean?’
Bella shrugged, she turned to the basket, ‘since I’m not ready to forgive her yet, can I not eat then? It could be poison and you are her secret liaison.’
When he didn’t laugh at her joke, she turned to look at him. He was looking at her too seriously.
‘Don’t look at me like that—I’m not a serial killer,’ she sighed, ‘okay maybe that can be an exception if we are counting on the number of people I considered adding to the hit list last night.’
He chuckled, ‘Just trying to figure you out.’
She blinked at him and looked away, ‘you could just ask me, I don’t bite—and if I did indeed bite; you don’t have to avoid me- well I won’t if you don’t push me I am not an angel you know.’
Bella closed her eyes for a moment to calm herself before she opened them again
‘I’m sorry—I’m just not in a good mood and of course that is not an excuse but I need to be left alone to fix my mind and repair my brain to mouth filter.’
‘No it’s alright, I was warned to leave you alone today.’
‘You should have listened.’
‘Then I would have spent the whole day worried that you are upset and you are hiding.’
 She looked at him for a long moment, ‘why?’
 ‘Something happened between us ever since I walked in your house and shook your hand. I don’t believe in the love at first sight thing.’
 She didn’t either, it felt nice to read about it but in real life it was chaotic- and so she had come to learn. Even hearing Fred’s confession now wanted to make her heart explode. Though to him it was something he would rather not get himself into. 
‘Neither do I and I’m being serious.’
Maybe it was the classical case of falling in love with a persona type you once vowed to never look twice at. Well it made sense, perhaps their lifestyles were worlds apart and who comes from the city and end up with village girls?
‘I came here after a very bad relationship, it didn’t make sense why I would immediately feel attracted to anyone.’ He said with a scoff
So her initial assumption had been correct. She reminded him of his ex, or maybe he just decided that women were trouble and heart breakers and then boom he met her. Or he was avoiding a rebound—
 ‘We were very close childhood friends, like you and Timothy are, but I was the only one who dreamed that someday we could be more. So it didn’t work out and ruined even the friendship that we had.’ He said, ‘I ruined that friendship.’
She looked at his face for a moment. He actually cared about this girl. Well she supposed that she would feel the same way if it was Timothy. Except that imagining any romance between her and Timothy was almost laughable.
‘Casey was also a family friend and my mother adored her—so a lot went wrong when I ruined it.’
‘Fred I don’t think you ruined anything.’ She said softly, ‘you are not the one who walked away. If your friendship meant anything to her the same way it did to you—she wouldn’t have walked away just because the upgrade didn’t work out.’
He smiled, ‘upgrade!’
‘Another level.’ Bella shrugged, ‘so I don’t remind you of your ex?’
‘no not at all—Bella the way I behaved was childish—you are not Casey, it was when I met you that I realized that I really didn’t know what attraction felt like.’
Bella felt her heart racing, ‘this needs a song,’ she said in a quiet and introspective voice, to divert the topic because she felt like she was at the brink of a panic attack if he kept confessing his attraction to her ‘there is one.’
He half smiled, ‘so it’s really true that you have a song for everything.’
‘Says who?’
‘It’s become well known. You are not trying to make fun out of this are you?’
‘And why do I keep hearing from you about hearing things about me from people—oh my word—you have already been recruited into the rumor mill—Farmland is such an abominable place.’
‘I don’t think I heard a rumor—maybe I asked about you a lot.’
‘Were you afraid to ask me?’ she smirked at him
‘I must seem like a total laughable coward right now, in fact I kind of feel like one—you can laugh about it—to make me feel better.’
She reached inside the basket and took out a sandwich
‘Oh dear me how can I make fun of that.’ She said, biting into her sandwich.
‘Well let’s hear it then.’ His eyes glimmered mischievously, ‘your most fitting song!’
‘First cut is the deepest,’ she said singsonlgy. ‘He says that I would have given you all of my heart but first cut is the deepest--- but if you I will try to love again. You would be singing that to me right—I can almost picture you singing it wearing Elton Jones’ outfit.’
He burst out laughing- throwing himself on the cloth on his back and his hand on his stomach.
‘It’s nice to have the air cleared,’ Bella mumbled as she took another sandwich, ‘these are good, I should infuriate Cylvia more often,’
Fred sat back up, ‘I will make sure she hears that,’ he said with a smile, ‘you know I always thought you were a lady of few words.’
‘Sorry to disappoint you—but I do talk a lot when I am nervous or upset or shocked—just any spike to my mental and emotional state. You like women of few words?’ she pressed her lips together and looked away, ‘that came out wrong.’
‘I used to think I liked women of few words but so far the two women I liked don’t do few words—my theory is biased.’
‘So that means you stop avoiding me now?’ she turned to him and raised an eyebrow
‘Bella I don’t think you understood what I -.’
‘No need to understand—I’m glad you explained yourself, I was beginning to think that something was wrong with me.’
He narrowed his eyes at her, ‘how close was I before you officially hated me.’
‘On a scale of hundred, ninety point nine percent.’
‘That’s too close,’ he sighed in mock relief
‘Very,’ she inhaled, ‘so what made you give up trying to erase me from influencing your existence?’
‘When did I what?’ he shook his head, ‘how can you say that with a straight face?’
‘You are not answering my question.’
A small smile played on his lips, ‘when Officer David bluffed at you—I mean, I found your story something to really look into and everyone just brushed it off-.’
‘You looked at me like I was insane too.’ She narrowed her eyes at him leaning closer.
A crooked smile came on his lips, ‘you’ve been studying me a lot haven’t you?’
Bella sighed and moved away from him. 
‘I was upset that someone wants to hurt you possibly, and even more upset that Officer David, who is supposed to be the vigilant person in all the village was not taking you seriously.’
She raised her eyebrows at him. ‘oh please Fred—Officer David never takes anything serious anymore—look at things from his point of view—he used to be an energetic officer ready to solve any heinous crime that arises from Farmland and after seeking out missing cows and rescuing a handful of cats from trees poured water on his fanaticism.’
‘I can’t imagine him being like that.’
‘Oh you should have seen him the first days he took over as sheriff of this village, he was ready to be superman— we used to prank call him.’ Bella smiled at the memory, though it had landed them on the worst angry side of Mr. Phillips.
‘I now understand why he never took you seriously.’ He said laughing, ‘by the way are you really just friends with Timothy?’
‘Quick change of subject there.’
‘You are not answering my question.’
She pursed her lips, ‘yes we are just friends.’
‘You ever had feelings for him before?’
‘Before what?’
‘Before we met.’
 ‘I never had—Timothy is like a brother to me.’
‘I thought so.’
‘Why do you ask?’
 ‘Just curious.’
‘Are you in love with my sister?’ as soon as the words were out of her mouth she felt heat going to her face. He crooked an eyebrow, ‘no that didn’t come out the way I wanted to say it-.’
‘I don’t have feelings for Cylvia.’
She managed to just nod and reached into the basket again, taking out an apple
‘You are not eating?’
He shrugged, ‘I brought them all for you- I already had lunch.’
Bella flashed him a small smile then began to nibble at her apple
‘Do you want to talk about why you were so upset?’
‘Do I need to say it? It’s the ultimate rumor today.’ She snapped—did he have to remind her of Susan and Lloyd
A smirk appeared on his face, ‘you really like Lloyd?’
Bella choked on her apple and began to laugh. ‘Why is everyone trying to marry me off to Lloyd? Maybe he is my soul mate.’
‘No it just become well known that’s all I didn’t mean to imply--.’
She blinked at him, ‘uh-huh,’
‘So why were you upset?’
She glanced around the little beach, ‘I caught them making out here on my virgin land.’ She rolled her eyes, ‘so I felt that I was now defiled. It’s insane really,’
‘Yes it really is,’ he said with a tight smile
She scoffed, ‘you are not going to try and console me? You know like—oh it’s not silly or something like that?’
He laughed. ‘Sorry I’m not really good at that,’
‘Oh but it would fit you.’
‘I tend to run from anything emotional.’
She narrowed her eyes, ‘like you don’t know what to do when a girl starts crying in front of you?’
‘Would you cry in front of me?’
She cringed at the idea, ‘forget I asked that.’
‘Okay then what does it feel like? Why do you run away when you are upset?’
Bella shook her head and gazed at the woodland
 ‘What else can I do?’
‘Talk about it.’
She shook her head with a tight smile, ‘it’s not that simple—I feel like a tornado is raging inside of me and any words that come out of my mouth could uproot the stoniest of hearts
He chuckled softly- his eyes light and breezy, he lifted his hand to her face and traced his index finger down her face, shaping her cheekbones, jawline and paused his fingers close to her lips, ‘you are not even trying to answer my question straight,’
Her heart was doing summersaults somewhere inside her. The atmosphere was suddenly invaded with a vehement intensity. Her eyes got lost into pools of beautiful brown, settling there before they dropped to his soft lips, which were parted slightly, all his small subconscious mind affecting her seriously.
It just happened as if it was the natural course of action. She was even leaning closer to him, closing the few inches between them—tingles slashing through her as his finger caressed her lower lip. There would be no turning back now.
‘Let’s get back. It’s way past lunch time.’
Bella blinked, the spell broken, as he dropped his hand and stood up. For a moment there it was as though she had stepped into another zone she didn’t know existed. 
He held out his hand and helped her up. 
They packed the basket and cloth in silence and began to make their way back to the farm.




11


THE SMALL FOOTPATH fringed with tall deciduous trees, chirping birds and the soft rush of water from the river usually brought a dreamy feeling to her- but she was feeling way beyond dreamy with Fred strolling impassively by her side- seeming comfortable in his silence—his pace matching with hers. Her lip tingled where he had fingered and she had wanted to kiss him
She felt choked with chagrin- she wanted to kiss him? Where on earth had that came from? She bit her lower lip and blinked profusely; trying to push the memory away—how can he still look so normal after doing that?
And what was wrong with her all of a sudden fantasizing about kissing him?
They were just clearing the air weren’t they? Yes, one moment, it was a conversation of confessions, the next hew as stroking her ace and she wanted to kiss him and he drew away.
She cringed at the thought of it. This was all messed up. She felt a firm grip on her arm, she glanced at him- why was he touching her again? She wasn’t sure of the expression on her face but Fred looked at her reproachfully 
‘Watch where you are going please!’
She glanced down and saw that she was inches away from sinking her leg into a luxuriant thorn bush.
Gasping, she stepped back, falling into his arms again. Her heart doing summersaults again
The effect he was having in her seemed to have doubled,
She wriggled out of his grasp and walked fast ahead of him. Maybe a little distance and she can be rational.
She glanced behind her at him. She saw that he was strolling peacefully, his hand sunk into his pocket, another dangling loosely at his side. He was the perfect epitome of some writer’s wild romantic imagination.
They walked home like that. Cylvia was in the kitchen when Fred went to return the basket. They immediately dived into their usual chatter.
She rushed upstairs, into the safe haven of her room and sat on the cushioned windowsill. She breathed in and out- in and out.
How could she change so suddenly? - She once had a crush in high school but that was that never something so intense
What she felt for Fred was irrevocable—there was a song for this, a small smile formed on her lips.
Honestly, love in real life seemed boring, except in her novels of course, by wit of a charming writer. In her books, love was tested beyond imagination, so intense and dangerous and thrilling. 
In real life, it just didn’t seem to exist that way—until the day Fred walked in through their front door---
She started when she heard the guest room door open and then close. She began to wonder what his motive was after all—maybe he really wanted to ‘clear the air’- her responses to his unreasonable avoidances were upgrading. But he did say he had feelings for her—and he also said in other words, he didn’t want to feel that way- he was just confessing in realization.
She sighed; of course he didn’t want a relationship since he had just came out of a very bad one.
What on earth was she thinking? She groaned, how do people deal with stuff like this? She went through her favorite novel characters— that was imagination.
Maybe she didn’t even need to deal with anything because as soon as they got home days passed and it was almost like nothing ever happened as if feelings were never confessed.














PART TWO

DEEP
Farmland easily grows on the newcomers. Even those who feel like they were sent there into exile. You find everything you need in Farmland, for such a small town it is rich with adventures—drama, romance, suspense, because I have established that drama and suspense can’t be the same thing. But you are welcome to argue the point.




12


IT RAINED THAT DAY, hard and relentlessly all morning with lightning and thunder. A slow smile came on Helen’s face not particularly because she enjoyed watching the thunder which naturally terrified her- nor did the yard outside look any prettier in puddles and mud.
But because she had finally accepted the fact that she was going to live with her dear aunt who she had never met or dreamed of meeting. So now that William, her mother’s new husband decided that they needed to sell the house and move to another country, her mother Gina then remembered that she had a sister who lived at the other end of the world. But ‘world’ would be an exaggeration considering that this was a medium sized island nation and in other words it didn’t make sense why Gina never got in touch with her sister unless they were of course bitter enemies.
 ‘It was so nice of your aunt to offer you a place to stay.’ Her mother was saying, ‘she’s alone on that farm now and it’s hard to manage. All her sons have left so it’s an advantage for the both of you.’
Helen felt her anger mixed with hatred as her mother’s words finally sank it. She heard beyond her words and slowly- psychologically decoded the message inside her brain.
The fact that the real thing- the main issue would not be brought into the open or talked about made her angry. Angry at her mother for avoiding what mattered the most; angry at the world for its pathetic existence,—at the coward of a man her father must have been to take off at the first news of her arrival into the world. She wouldn’t have cared less if she had never met him but Helen was too curious of a person to not at least just know a little
She couldn’t ask her mother who turned into a lioness every time he came to memory. Her mother claimed to have forgotten him and clamped him out of her memory- but Helen was sure that he was everywhere in their lives- in every conversation they avoided and every memory they could share
So she was dumping her on some stupid farm with an aunt she had never even met! Helen wanted to bawl, but instead she turned to look at her mother with a smile she didn’t feel
Obviously her mother knew that- but pretended to not see it- even the man she married was questionable and she refused to see it.
‘I’m sure it will be an advantage,’ Helen made clear the sarcasm in her voice, not that it would draw any attention with her mother, ‘I wish to leave as soon as possible.’
Her mother smiled back, ‘I will see you soon maybe when we visit sometime,’ she gave Helen a knowing look, ‘I have already called her and she is expecting you.’
Of course she would be, Helen thought sourly, she couldn’t manage four sons and they left her alone on-God knows how big a farm it is- all by herself with no hope and no help whatsoever- her aunt Betsy Jones was so desperate she accepted help from girl like her who grew up in the city and knew nothing about the farm. She was so sure it would not fit in with the lifestyle of Farmland
She wanted to be a designer- in fact she was. She became one since she was six years old and her grandmother had taught her how to use a sewing machine. Since then the dream had been burning passionately within her.
She was popular at school- distinguishable in her neighborhood and made a few bucks from it. But she convinced herself that she needed to have a degree or any sort of certified paper with her name on it defining her as a designer- that is how she could survive in the city and get her dream job at her dream company. Maybe start her own fashion trend one day.
But then here was her mother, in her late thirties acting like it was her first wedding. Well it was but Helen did not believe in marriage anyways or even imagined herself falling in love enough to  the point of walking down the aisle to make a lifelong commitment. But that was her decision- why was she sending Helen to Farmland?
Despite her thoughts, Helen immediately began to pack. She packed all her things- she did not like leaving things behind- life has taught her that sometimes or in her case- most times when she leaves she does not return to stay. So she stopped staying- except two years ago when she had decided to live with her mother- for reconciliation sake –until William appeared and pierced her illusion of stability and normality.
As she closed her last bag, she heard William car park outside her bedroom window. She felt her stomach churning- maybe panic or her gut telling her that this was a bad idea—unpack right this moment, fold your arms, raise your chin and tell them that you are not leaving and they were not the boss of you.
Helen sighed, what good will it do to endure William’s lectures coupled with her mother’s—she could survive the North Pole  for decades but not that. Besides, they may even leave the house to her but she would not be able to pay the rent. Because William as the responsible man of the house that he was would make her pay rent for staying in her own house without adult supervision.
‘We’re in here in Helen’s room!’ her mother called out. A moment later, she heard the two greet each other with a kiss- Helen dared not turn around lest they saw the expression on her face at their public display of affection. 
William leaned against the door frame and crossed his arms
‘Well, I brought the truck- it is all yours from now on.’
That was William’s language- here is a truck, works well for you up there on the farm—go and never return, she would have preferred a small Toyota vitz just to suit her designer self.
She turned to him wearing a grateful smile she didn’t feel
‘Thank you sir!’
Respect, she thought grimly, oh how these men loved respect every time a woman bent their way- their pride sizzled up their features, as if it might just puff out.
Without looking at him, Helen lifted two of her bags from the bed and walked out of the room, maybe of their lives as well. Not that it would bug anybody.
 BEFORE DUSK, the following day, Helen was already far from the city the only place her dream could survive or even stand a chance. Besides, she had a lot of unfinished business back there- maybe she was selfish from trying to pursue her dream! She had given up so much and lost so much just to get to her vision- if it was nothing more than an illusion.
That sickening zeal to do whatever you can to get what you want was once her shared motto with a once best friend Casey. Casey thrived in that world and that motto meant a lot to her. Casey even threw away years of precious friendship with a man who loved her more than anything in the world just to get to the next level.
No, Helen was not like that- perhaps that was why their friendship ended.
It was around p.m. when she finally saw the banner sign written ‘FARMLAND’- just simple and plain- no advertisement, no welcome. She immediately began to feel that she was on another piece of land as soon as the mouth of the truck drove past the sign.


WHEN HER TRUCK PULLED under a tree into the yard (thanks to William’ map), Helen got out of the truck and her eyes scanned around the small yard. Any thoughts about the city vanished- a terror griped her, she thought of jumping into her van and driving back to the world she was used to.
She had imagined what aunt Betsy’s place would look like; she had raised four sons- so she had imagined a big house at east and a yard with a magnificent but neglected orchard.
Instead of what her imagination had pictured, everything that Helen could see was about to fall apart. Smoke was lazily wending its way from the chimney into the night sky. The moon was full and bright, casting a ghostly shadow of the tattered little cabin. It seemed like a two bedroomed and the only building in the compound 
She figured out a chicken run, a kraal for a few goats and one cow which was somewhere on its own. She figured also that the two lean lemon trees in the orchard was all that made up the orchard.
If it were not for smoke coming from inside, Helen would have believed the place to be deserted.
She left her bags in the truck in case she had to make a run for it. Once on the porch, she drew in a breath. She could not hear voices inside- was she sleeping? Well it was past ten already! - Maybe this Aunt Betsy was sleeping and did not hear the car. There wasn’t even a dog. So she decided to bang on the door-once, twice- no answer. She tried the window- nothing. Frustrated and cold, she went back into the truck and started the engine.
From her car, the house looked hunted- she decided to get out of there as soon as possible




13


AS SHE GOT away from the bush into the tarred road- she felt a little relieved, it didn’t compare but this was how near she could be to civilization. What was she thinking? Of course she had no degree or college education but she was old enough to survive in her own instead of following orders.
She had drove for eight hours and not even a call to check on her, only to get to a creepy compound- there was no one inside. It could be hunted.
 It there were cars at all, she would have seen it from afar.
She drove past the stop sign without slowing down- she didn’t see the other car coming from the left side. She only saw the lights when it was closer- maybe too close. She stepped on the brakes and the truck came to a screechy stop- somehow the other driver managed to swerve his car away from hers and landed in the grassland on the side of the road.
Helen finally released the breath she had been holding- those few seconds when one could only watch a disaster without any idea how to stop it.
She switched off the engine and rushed out of the car.
She rushed to the other, which was swallowed in the long grass while dialing she emergency number at the same time.
The car as she observed was perfectly okay- except for the flat tire. The driver was still inside- a man was on his seat the back of his head rested on the car seat. - Eyes closed. If it wasn’t that he was panting, she would have assumed him unconscious
She tapped the car window- three times then he stirred and faced her. A voice answered in her phone and she heard. ‘What’s your emergency?’
She squeezed the phone she had pressed to her ear, ‘I’m sorry it’s a wrong number,’ she slipped the phone inside her pocket and walked to the driver’s side. Thank God she wore boots otherwise the long fresh grass would have scratched mercilessly at her legs.
The man opened the door and stopped outside. Helen held her breath waiting for his outburst- men usually did especially if an accident was caused by a woman. It was just so typical that the women caused confusion in the road— that was from William who was a critic for everything done by women.
‘I’m sorry’ silence. ‘Are you okay?’ she peered at his face looking for any scratch. He stared at her blankly. Oh he looked so mad but still a bit delirious. She just stared back at him- then she was able to really see him and gasped in surprise
‘Are you okay?’ was he asking if she was okay? Or was he bluffing at her rhetorical question? It didn’t matter either way. It would have been better if the accident had almost occurred with anyone but him
‘I’m fine,’ she stammered. ‘You have a flat tire.’
‘Damn! Is your car alright?’
She nodded- staring at him in astonishment. When was the torrent going to come? No one is ever that calm in a moment like this
‘Where are you going?’
She was not going to get into a car with him. God knows it could be his sweet plan for revenge. If she knew him any better and it seemed that he hadn’t recognized her yet—and he was about to anytime soon,
‘Out of town.’ She answered quickly
‘Then you are headed in the wrong direction- I need a ride back to the farm, get someone to take my car out from there—lets go.’ He walked past her marching towards her car. A small smile came on her lips. Yes, still the same old person he was—he never changed.
She followed him towards her truck- then he stopped suddenly in the middle of the road- she also stopped- wondering what he was about to do. When he turned around with a flashlight from his cell phone and flashed the piercing light into her face. She squinted her eyes shut as the light hurt her eyes,
‘Hey,’ she cried, and then remembered that he was in the process of clearing his head.
‘Helen?’
 He lowered the phone and she opened her eyes. ‘It’s you Helen?’
Not in the way she was expecting
‘Yes, it’s been a long time.’ She smiled at him. He didn’t smile back- he did look struck though – she couldn’t determine whether in a good way or in a bad way.
‘Go in and leave. Drive carefully’ he walked past her to his car. As she had expected, he ran away from her as if she was a plague- and she was in a way she couldn’t deny that. She shrugged as she walked to there waiting truck




14


WHEN BELLA GOT TO THE office, Fred was already there fumbling through the papers. Mr. and Mrs. Philips had gone on a trip to a faraway town to settle some family matters – the place got busier more than ever.
She sat at her desk and immediately began to do her work. The disappearing of stock and livestock was becoming a crisis in Farmland—Bella had a creeping feeling that something she was missing was going on.
Officer David was no longer the person she can talk to since he found it fit to humiliate her in front of everybody as if she was just paranoid and insane.
Susan and Cylvia thought that she reading too many thrillers for her own good, Fred had declared that he believed her- she glanced at him nah-uh, she couldn’t rely on that either
Her chest tightened when she remembered the day he also declared that he considered them good friends now. Friends? He was shutting her out.
Besides she had other things to worry about. Instead of just pairing the dance couples for the wedding; Cylvia and Susan came up with the grand plan to have the best men ask any one of the bridesmaid they wanted to pair with at the wedding. It is not that this was prom or something
Now she was all anxious and worried of the outcome, which was pretty obvious. Fred was going to ask Cylvia, timothy may ask her of course- which made her a bit annoyed and confused at the same time. It has been half a month since her and Fred had talked at the little beach and he had just thrown her into a lovesick stupor and then backed away.
Suddenly declaring friendship after confessing that he was attracted to her. Maybe he just wanted to clear the air and explain his weird behavior, which made sense. Why was she expecting anything more from him?
Lunchtime came, Fred just announced that he was going to have lunch and left the office. She slammed her laptop shut and sighed, she was going crazy. Was he starting to avoid her again? Why couldn’t she stop thinking about him? Maybe she was now obsessed- obsession was not good- it’s a symptom that her brain was about to snap.
When she entered the house, Fred and Cylvia were chatting like always.
‘Yes of course!’ she heard Cylvia squeal like a little girl and she stopped at the foot of the staircase
‘Great, lady you have made my day.’ Fred drawled. Cylvia giggled. Bella felt sick in the pit of her stomach.
 ‘So have you—there are only three of you and I don’t want to dance with my brother nor Timothy.’
Bella scoffed from where she stood—wasn’t she making it too obvious that she was crazy about him?
‘Ah I had no idea that you were watching out for me.’
‘Don’t flutter yourself.’
‘A man can dream,’ she could hear the smile in his voice. Bella felt her chest tightening—of course they cannot just be friends that was impossible.
‘Don’t change your mind on me later on.’
‘Why would I do that?’
There was a pause and Bella imagined Cylvia giving Fred a knowing look
Fred chuckled ruefully, ‘I should just ask Bella.’
‘You wouldn’t dare.’
‘That’s too confident a declaration.’
‘it’s because I know you—you are running a mile and I know you hoped Timothy would ask her first so that it would seem as though you had no choice but to ask me.’
Fred sighed, ‘I have my reasons and some things are best for everyone’s sake.’
She did not stay around to keep eavesdropping on their conversation anymore- she placed her laptop on the coffee table and left the house. Once outside she stood in the full sunlight, still trying to reset her mind.
‘Bella!’ she raised her face, it was Timothy. She smiled at him despite her aching heart, ‘hey lets have lunch at Mrs. Jones’s.’
Bella’s smile broadened—she needed out of here to clear her head and get over her crush on her sister prospective future lover.
The grocery stores looked solitary and still when there were no events in Farmland. The dust wide roads stretched under the blazing sun like an endless desert in a nightmare. The buildings looked like the epitome of a long abandoned and hunted town. The people who stalked around the area did not give it a less creepy appearance either
They sat in the small diner.
Bella knew nothing much about Mrs. Jones except that she lived in the outskirts of Farmland where electricity as not yet connected and she had four sons, one of them being John who ruined her existence.
Bella liked the woman very much. She was also part of the small fraction of people who believed her story instead of John’s falsified sob story.
‘Hello Bella!’ Mrs. Jones smiled pleasantly at her, ‘it’s been a long time since you came to visit me.’
‘I know- I’ve been caught up with life.’
 ‘They are doing great.—how are you doing yourself Mrs. Jones?’
She shrugged, ‘same ‘old” me!’
Mrs. Jones.’ Timothy greeted her with a nod from the table he was sitting
‘Helen!’ Mrs. Jones called out and a few minutes later, a young pretty woman came out. She must have been Bella’s age or even younger. Everything about her oozed the upper class city life.
‘Helen this as Bella, I am her godmother-‘Bella rolled her eyes at Mrs. Jones using the description of god mother, ‘and Bella this is Helen my one and only niece.’
‘It’s nice to meet you.’ Bella shook Helen’s hand, ‘how do you like farmland?’
‘Pleasure to meet you Bella;’ Helen said with a polite smile, ‘farmland is very different.’
That said tones of things- Mrs. Jones’s niece could be one of those sulky annoying flaunty city girls stereo types. 
Bella took their lunch order and went back to the table with Timothy. 
‘So, what’s going on? You seem a little off today.’
Timothy just shrugged, ‘I wanted to ask you if you could be my dance partner.’
Bella smiled, ‘of course timothy.’ She wanted to say that she would be more comfortable with him anyway or that they were meant to be put together for this for the convenience of some people. She felt her chest tighten as she remembered Fred and Cylvia earlier conversation.
‘I almost had an accident last night.’
Bella raised an eyebrow, ‘what kind of accident?’
‘A car accident,’ he narrowed his eyes at her, ‘I didn’t know there were certain accidents to not worry about,’
She smiled at him coyly, ‘you want me to worry about you?’
‘Don’t flirt with me Bella you will regret it.’
Bella sighed lengthily, ‘oh how I miss my fun and loud best friend.’
Timothy glanced at the counter where Helen was coming and going before he turned back to look at her, ‘you think I’m boring now?’
Bella scowled at him questionably- well the girl was pretty of course—the type that invited petting and spoiling and protection.  A small smile came on her lips
‘Isn’t she beautiful?’ Bella teased, ‘eye-catching even—a magnetic pull.’
‘Are you jealous?’ he grinned at her with glimmering eyes
Bella made a scandalized face. ‘Are you accusing me of wanting you Mr. Timothy Grace?’
‘There’s nothing wrong with wanting me—people say that I am good looking and I have good manners and your father likes me,’
Bella giggled, ‘fancy proposal Tim.’
He grinned wickedly, ‘you would be melting on the spot by now if it was Fred who said that,’
She felt heat going to her face; she didn’t want to think about Fred right now.
‘Nothing there.’
Timothy raised an eyebrow, ‘you two are just dragging it for no reason—wasting precious time.’
‘Fred doesn’t like me that way,’ she was surprised at how disappointed she felt
Timothy laughed, ‘you have no idea—but then my dear sweet Bella you have always been a clueless one—you live too much inside your head even when your existence caused turmoil among the men in high school.’
‘You are enjoying this aren’t you?’ She folded her arms across her chest and leaned back on her chair with a narrowed gaze at him
‘I’m offering a love advice as a friend’
‘It sounds like you are rooting for your cousin.’
‘My cousin is good for you.’ He grinned and she laughed,




15


HELEN WATCHED FROM the corner of her eye as he left the diner with Bella. He was very courteous with her- they must be dating. He seemed to really like her. Helen smiled—she was glad that he moved on. Bella seemed nice and she was very attractive.
It was weird how much she was relieved that he had moved on as if she was happy they will not be in danger of going back together. Helen cared for timothy but there just was not enough caring to end up in serious relationship. There was no spark as people usually said it. Or it was her who was so screwed up she just feared commitment.
She remembered how she came about Timothy. Casey had gone out for a picnic with her boyfriend Fred and his cousin. She returned with some pictures, which she shared with Helen, and Helen thought Timothy looked fine and Casey got them together.
Helen was not sure she wanted a relationship but timothy was very interested and before she knew it, it was a very serious thing while she was still in the middle of deciding. Well she liked timothy as a person but not in that way of a relationship.
Timothy was very upset when Helen told him how she felt. Then Casey dumped Fred for one of his business partners and Fred was mad at Helen for doing the same thing to timothy.
Birds of a feather float together he said. It was a ridiculous love drama.
She remembered the night Timothy proposed. He was so serious and he wanted a future with her and her heart, which she had not fully given to him. That was very scary.
That is when she had told him how she felt, timothy had offered to wait for her if that’s what she needed but Helen decided to end the relationship instead for their own good.


SUSAN BURST INTO the living room where everyone was just sitting for a chat during lunchtime.
‘I found a designer,’ she squealed, ‘it’s such a blessing I don’t know why she ended up here for a woman of her tastes but I just spoke to her and she has agreed—she will do it for free—she says she has nothing else to do.’
‘Too good to be true.’ Cylvia said without interest, not that she was ever really interested in anything, ‘maybe she wants Lloyd.’
Bella was beginning to suspect Cylvia’s obsession with people liking Lloyd
‘No way.’ Susan shook her index finger at Cylvia, ‘she seems like an off men stereotype.’
Bella snorted, ‘I’ve never heard that one before.’
‘I say she needs to meet a real hunk.’ Susan said winking, ‘we have a few now in farmland, from my future husband’s side.’ Lloyd looked at her and smiled broadly.
Cylvia coughed, ‘my God Susan watch your mouth, or you will turn that child you are carrying into a flirt.’
Susan shrugged, ‘they say the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Nothing I can do about that.’
Timothy laughed, ‘so who is this designer who needs a charming bad boy?’
‘Timothy not you too.’ Cylvia groaned. Fred chuckled.
‘Who is it?’ Lloyd asked
‘Her name is Helen, she lives with Mrs. Jones.’
Bella looked at timothy- he froze for a moment then snapped out of it.
‘She’s a designer?’ Fred wondered, ‘she works for Mrs. Jones?’
‘She’s her niece,’ Susan explained, ‘I saw her portfolios and designs- they are very good.’
Fred and timothy exchanged a glance and went silent.
‘maybe you should look for someone more professional- pay up and make it official,’ timothy said in a detached voice, ‘these free people may end up not sure they feel like finishing the whole thing in the end,’
Fred gaped at timothy for a second before laughing
‘He is right,’ Lloyd agreed
‘Let’s meet her first.’ Susan whined, ‘I really like her—she has a nice air around her.’
‘It’s not like you are a very good judge of character Susan.’ Timothy said
Susan glared at him. ‘Yes you are right—no wonder I was friends with you all these years.’
‘These two were made to be siblings by blood or by law.’ Cylvia said with a sigh
Bella rolled her eyes, ‘guys, it will do no harm to meet her and then decide.’
‘Whose side are you on?’ Timothy turned to face her
‘We are taking sides?’ Bella pulled her eyebrows together.
‘Best stay out of it.’ Fred told her wrinkling his nose while trying not to laugh
While timothy and Susan were still squabbling about Helen and Fred who obvious knew why timothy was avoiding Helen was trying hard to not roll with laughter—a loud scream came from outside, startling them. They all ran outside, the screaming was coming from the stock room. Bella stopped dead in her tracks- the stock room again.
She felt the creeping feeling grip her strongly like two strong dark arms dizzying her.
‘It’s Daniel.’ Someone was saying
‘Daniel are you okay.’
She glanced around, feeling as though someone was watching her form the shadows somewhere.
‘Oh my god he is bleeding!’
She looked back at the scene—timothy and Lloyd came out carrying Daniel. He looked unconscious- they put him in Fred’s car-they were going to the hospital- he needed stitches on his head
Susan was speaking to her but she was sin the middle of thin king why these incidents affected her in such a paranormal manner?
Why Daniel? The question came like a fist into her face. Why the stock room?
‘I called Officer David; he’s on his way here.’ Someone said.
‘Are you okay?’ she flinched when Fred put his hand on her shoulder, bringing her back from a horror fantasy. She managed to nod slowly
‘Is he going to be okay?’
‘It’s a small cut; he won’t bleed out before he reaches the clinic.’
Bella looked at him scowling, ‘are you trying to make a joke.’
‘Yes, you look really death pale right now,’
She inhaled deeply, ‘just shocked—as I should be I happen to be the CEO of disaster management in that stock room.’ She mumbled and began to walk back towards the house. Still feeling as though someone was watching g her.




16


HELEN DID NOT WANT to do it but Aunt Betsy pressed her until she complied- they were good people she said, and this was the best way to use her gift and passion. Well Helen had nothing better to do anyway so she met with the bride to be. Susan. Susan was not pretty but she had an interesting personality. She felt it would never be boring with Susan. She needed that anyway. 
She parked her truck in front of the beautiful big house. The Phillips- Aunt Betsy told her about them- they were one of the well-off commercial farmers in the village, if not in the country.
Indeed their property was beautiful and opulent and professional.
She grabbed her folder and stepped out of the truck. Susan suggested that she wore something simple and casual. She had slipped on jeans and a t-shirt and denim jacket. Simple but not plain either. She was a fashion designer she had standards 
She knocked on the door and Bella opened it. She recognized Bella from the restaurant.
‘Helen, hi come in.’
‘Hello,’ Helen had no idea that Bella lived here—she should have done some research before coming. But she had just assumed that she wouldn’t Google the Phillips family on the internet and expect to find the people who lived in a village on an island for that matter on her computer screen that easily.
It had to be the most modern farmhouse she had ever entered. The interior design was simple but welcoming. It did not feel like those big houses that were missing something at all.
‘This way,’ Bella gestured to her right- Helen figured could be where the dining room was, ‘when I met you I had no idea that you were a designer,’
‘Me too, I had no idea that you were Mr. and Mrs. Philips’ daughter.’
Bella seemed shocked for a moment then a little as if she was offended.
‘no- it’s just that this farm has quiet a reputation and aunt Betsy think highly of it—she never told me that you lived here when we met.’
Bella visibly relaxed. She smiled, ‘it’s a small town, and all things have a reputation.’
Helen smiled back—she liked Bella.
They came into the dining room. Helen had braced herself to meet new people but all she saw were faces from the story of her past life.
Timothy was civil and polite, if not modestly avoiding her. Fred was the same. Lloyd was very surprised to see her but tried not to show it. It seemed that the three women in the house had no idea that Helen knew all three men very well.
Cylvia, Bella’s sister who was the only new face reminded her of William. But such an annoying trait was cute on a woman. She observed many things during dinner.
Things like how Cylvia was worshiping on the ground Fred walked and Fred did not even seem to notice—same old Fred, he never noticed anything on time.
Bella, was not easy to read, she seemed withdrawn from everyone but maintained a certain fragile profile in conversations and if she was walking on tipsy ground
Summarily, this was a bad idea. As much as she like Susan—this was going to be a hard project for her to do.
After dinner, Helen explained her plans for the wedding outfits professionally. She was here on business all personal things can wait. Having to live with William for a while helped her to master an impassive appearance. It was never easy to know Helen’s true feelings and she liked it that way.
It was around eleven pm when the discussions and gatherings came to an end. Fred seemed to be living with the Philips. Lloyd drove Susan home, timothy went home and Helen walked to her truck.
‘Drive carefully.’ Timothy told her with a wry smile before he left.
Helen felt like a complete fool when she was driving back to the cabin. She didn’t want this job—besides it was for free which the men blatantly said was suspicious.
Well not that she could blame them. She deserved it that way---




17


BELLA SAT IN THE KITCHEN late at night when everyone had gone to sleep. She was worried about many things. She tried to convince herself not to start digging into Daniel’s issue- the police were already into that. But she was more afraid of what she would find—she may find something serious and no one would believe her, it would be the same scenario all over again. And she cannot go through that twice; she might die the second time.
Years ago she had found out the heinous crimes Mrs. Jones had covered up for her four sons and a grim feeling came upon her and never left her since that time.
She avoided talking to Officer David though for some reason that day he was very interested on how she saw the entire issue. Bella was not the kind of person who bowed and scrapped for attention. Cylvia once told her that she has no persistence—perhaps, but she didn’t enjoy chasing after something she couldn’t have. Officer David had his chance to hear her side of things and he blew it and that was that.
She was so absorbed in her thinking she did not hear Fred when he came in to drink some water until he opened the fridge. She startled and then relaxed when she saw that it was just him
‘Everything okay Bella?’
‘Yes,’ she stammered, ‘I came downstairs to Uhmn—drink some water and now I’m lazy to go back up.’ Just how long did he watch her mewing over the problems of her life?
‘I could carry you!’
He stood at the kitchen entrance and spread his arms wide as if he was offering to carry a small child. Bella felt heat going to her face when she imagined Fred carrying her and being that close and she may even place her ear to his chest to hear his heat beat—stop it!
‘No thanks, goodnight.’ She stood to leave the kitchen and gestured with her hand for him to move out of the kitchen entrance – he didn’t even move, he just stood there- watching her intently. She huffed and tried squeezing past him, before he turned to face her and she froze. He was too close—dangerously close for the sanity of her imagination
‘I’m worried about Daniel’s issue too—but don’t think of doing anything stupid,’
Bella swallowed, ‘why do you think like that?’
He shrugged, ‘Timothy once told me that you went after a bad guy in the woods by yourself,’ he managed to shudder at the thought of it.
She narrowed her eyes at him, ‘what were you talking about exactly?’ were they discussing the rumors about her that everyone who lived in farmland years ago believed?
‘Men don’t discuss rumors,’ he said, as if reading her mind, ‘you can tell me whatever it is that you feel is wrong – I told you that I believe you.’
She nodded silently, ‘do you really believe me?’ where was he when she was in high school?
‘I do Bella, I just don’t want you to do something stupid on your own and end up in chaos.’
‘There is never much chaos in farmland,’ except in her life of course. Her mind was reeling- the while figure she saw in the woods that night, the creepy private number that called her, Daniel’s accidents- man he must be the worst klutz of a man who ever existed. Maybe he was a pyscho.
‘on second thought,’ she said returning to the present, ‘there is always chaos in farmland,’ and with old oafs like officer David, the villains thrived, ‘so we can do stupid things together?’ ugh, that’s not how she wanted to say it. She cringed at the expression on his face, ‘no- no that’s not what I meant, that came out wrong.’ She stammered, ‘I was answering your earlier statement—besides my mind is here and there so I just say things—.’ She trailed away, bit her lip and looked down, ‘sorry.’
‘No its okay.’ He cleared his throat, ‘my mind must be here and there as well.’
She nodded still looking down. He put a finger under her chin and lifted her face to look at him, a gasp escaped her. 
‘Don’t worry about it,’ he leaned close to her face, his warm breath fanning her cheeks, ‘and yes, we can do stupid together,’ he added with a mischievous smile
Bella felt heat on her face as her heart raced off the ritcher scale.
‘Very good!’ she managed and feigned a yawn, ‘better get some sleep.’
He chuckled, ‘okay Bella!’
She brushed past him and rushed to her room, got inside, shut the door and slid to the floor.
That was so embarrassing but not as embarrassing as the expression on his face when he thought that she meant something else. He is your sister’s prospective lover, get over him, she screamed at her mind.




18


IN THE MORNING ON her way to the office, Bella took a good look at the stock room. The Daniel issue was still very disturbing and the creeping feeling of being watched was still there. And why wasn’t anyone taking this seriously? A pandemic could emerge from under their feet and they would not even notice.
Maybe for once she could agree with Cylvia—she was reading too many thrillers.
‘Good morning,’ she said to Fred as she sat on her desk and immediately began to go through the morning inventory reports
When she was done, she decided to study the stock room reports patterns carefully. Nothing seems out of the ordinary. Then the theory of theft was ruled out. Whatever it was, Daniel was in the middle of it all and the stock room had some answers.
Cylvia and the production team checked the stock room and took inventory every day. Maybe they missed something. Should she go and check
She felt a lump in her throat, what if she found something that would end up hurting and humiliate her?
She lifted her head to look at Fred. He was peering at his computer screen while speaking on the phone. She put her hand on her cheek and rested her elbow on her desk. She would never get tired of looking at him. He was the best thing to relieve stress. How fortunate that she could have her own free-living stress reliever.
But for how long? A small voice asked her, of course he was going to leave at some point—the thought of it twisted something inside her chest painfully.
She looked away from him and stood up. She didn’t want to think about Fred leaving—he has marked this little once boring office with his existence, how could she return to what it was now?
‘There is a delivery coming, you will need to sign it and record the details,’
She nodded without looking at him. ‘Okay.’
‘Is there something you wanted to tell me?’  
She looked at him innocently—did he ever miss anything?
‘I’m planning to snoop around the stock room this evening.’ Now that she put it that way, it was creepier
He narrowed his eyes at her, mischief twinkled in his eyes, she raised her chin, he would not dare mention that she was ogling at him, ‘I’ll snoop with you,’ he said instead and flashed a bright toothy smile
Her heart skipped a beat; she will never be immune to that smile
‘Good,’ she croaked and he wore an impish smile. He knew what he was doing and she was not in the best times to hide it well. She marched out of the office, suddenly irritated—why couldn’t she get over her crush with Fred Lotman. First he was Cylvia’s close friend, second, he was leaving and third, he didn’t want to be with her. All these caused her distress.
‘That my friend is irrelevant when it comes to attraction to someone.’ Susan told her when she explained her dilemma, ‘I don’t blame you—you never dated anyone, I used to think that if your career doesn’t work out well you could be a successful nun—and again Fred is gorgeous- and the only beautiful man you ever came into—it’s a first for you.’
Bella sighed, she was in the kitchen with Susan while everyone else was in the sitting room with Helen taking measurements and planning wedding details
‘What should I do?’
‘Well you can’t get rid of him, so out of sight out of mind doesn’t work.’
‘It’s not funny Susan’
‘It’s funny actually.’ Susan giggled, ‘because I think both of you are trying to get over each other—Fred also looks at you as if he is seeing the sun for the first time.’
Bella groaned, ‘that’s the point—he doesn’t want this.’
‘Why would you say that?’
‘He said so.’
Susan raised an eyebrow, ‘in this case you don’t wait around for the guy—the man is obviously undecided and you know that this is right—you act on it and bring him to his senses.’
Bella laughed, ‘remind me to never let you advice my children.’
‘or maybe I should give you a practical example—just pull him into a corner and give him a soul shattering kiss, he will be decided after that,’
‘Oh my god—this conversation is over.’
‘Fine, but store that one for later it might come in handy someday. Let’s go, Helen is looking for us now.’
Bella followed Susan to the living room. Helen was talking with Catherine by the window. Cylvia and Fred were on the love seat a box of fabrics at their feet.
Bella blinked, her mouth going dry—she noticed everything. Cylvia’s eyes zeroed on Fred’s face the whole time and Fred spoke touching her arm whenever he could
Susan giggled beside her, ‘that bad huh?’ Bella actually growled at her.
Then Lloyd, Timothy entered the room- Lloyd came and slipped his arm around Susan’s waist. Timothy’s eyes immediately locked with Helen’s- Helen offered a small smile and looked down. Bella walked towards Helen and Catherine.
‘I’ll grab one of Cylvia cupcakes.’ Catherine moved across the living room to the kitchen
‘Farmland agrees with you!’
‘Thank god!’ Helen feigned a relief, ‘I was afraid I would have a mental breakdown.’
She took Bella’s measurements with extreme care and professionally. Bella felt that she was very good at what she was doing.
‘Accounts huh?’
Bella rolled her eyes, ‘yep,’ she popped the p
‘I think it’s cool!’
‘Believe me; it is so not like me.’
Helen smiled, ‘so unlike Fred as well.’ She glanced at Fred who was still on the love couch with Cylvia, ‘how long have you two worked together?’
Long enough for her to start crushing on him
‘A while now!’ Bella said, ‘you know Fred?’
‘Yes,’
‘Timothy?’
‘Very well.’ Helen said, ‘you two seem very close.’
Bella nodded, ‘yes, we are childhood friends.’


HELEN BEGAN TO LIKE BELLA even more. Bella seemed so easygoing and relaxed. She wondered how close their friendship was with timothy or if it ever amounted to something else. But Bella didn’t seem to care for timothy that way. Fred seemed too friendly with Cylvia but it all seemed like the friendship was much of Cylvia effort than Fred’s. Of course Helen understood that Casey hurt Fred and he would avoid any too close relationship—unless he falls irrevocably in love-, which was very rare of course. Not that she knew anything about that.
‘How is Mrs. Jones?’ Bella asked, changing the subject
‘Busy as always—too busy for her own good.’
A warm smile came on Bella’s face. ‘She never slows down.’
Helen nodded in agreement as she put her things back inside her bag
‘Say hello to her for me,’
‘She will be delighted when I do—she has a soft spot for you.’
Bella chuckled, ‘I know—she once told me that if her sons weren’t such terrible breeds of human beings I’d marry one of them.’
Helen looked at Bella in shock, ‘Mrs. Jones sure has a way with words.’
‘She just doesn’t know when to stop.’
Helen smiled, ‘I know right? Well see you around Bella.’
‘Sure of course Helen.’
Helen carried her big bag
‘Leaving already?’ Lloyd drawled as she said farewell to them on her way out
‘Hmm,’ she nodded, ‘lots of work to do.’
‘See you around Helen!’ Fred said with a small wry smile
She finally breathed in relief when she was out of the house. Well that was intense. At least Timothy wasn’t wearing the expression he had on the night of the almost accident.
Susan had described the dress that she wanted; a very simple plain white satin, no fancy laces or sleeves. Helen loved the idea of simple unlike her mother who was addicted to complicating things. No wonder she ended up with nut cases like William.
The brides’ maid dresses would be in blue- how she loved blue.
The men were going along with the originally simple black tuxedos which Lloyd had suggested he and the men go for a guy shopping outing. She laughed when she recalled the expression on Fred and Timothy’s faces.
She was also wondering why Fred didn’t even suggest the designs and shopping himself. He must really be taking a break.
‘Helen!’
She stiffened, her hand on her car door. Timothy was coming towards her. It was as though there was a red serene light in her mind ringing loudly ‘code red’
‘Hey,’ he flashed a bright smile at her, ‘I just realized that I never really welcomed you to Farmland.’
Helen flashed a taut smile, ‘it’s so nice for you to say to the person who almost killed you the first time she got here.’
‘I should say that was quite an impressive first entrance to town. But then you are Helen—you always have impressive appearances to everything.’
Helen pressed her lips together before she said, ‘I must be a living legend then.’
‘An untouchable one,’
Helen fidgeted with her car keys, ‘I’m not sure what we are talking about anymore.’
He narrowed his eyes at her, ‘you Helen.’ He smiled innocently, ‘we are talking about you.’
Helen scoffed, ‘are you behaving the angry ex way right now?’
‘Shocked actually.’ He smirked, ‘you refused to come to my home village when I begged you to—and now you are here—I never even knew that you had an aunt. You told me that you had no relatives.’
Helen shook her head, ‘listen Timothy, we are no longer together so I have no obligation to answer you about my personal life,’
‘I was just curious Helen,’
‘I know what you are thinking—“oh she had been lying to me all that time”!’ Helen rolled her eyes, ‘but I need you to drop whatever it is that you want to talk about okay? My life is already complicated enough without you having to try to make me feel bad for my past.’ She opened the door, got into her truck and drove away. She could see him still standing on the same spot watching her truck. 
Point of correction, William’s truck




19


BELLA WATCHED FROM THE window as Helen’s truck drove away. Timothy had rushed out to talk to her but it seemed like a pissing contest from where she was standing.
‘Spying?’
Bella startled and turned to see Susan grinning like a loon behind her
‘Just curious!’
Susan laughed, ‘I know—something is going on with those two—I’m thinking more like ex-girlfriend,’
Bella scoffed, ‘no way—Helen seems like a nice person and Timothy dates the kind that would drive any sane person mad.’
Lunch time was over and Bella returned to the office. Fred was already there sitting lazily as he always did after lunch. More like after Cylvia’s sandwiches. She smiled wryly at this thought as she sat down
‘Something funny?’
She looked at him and shrugged, ‘inside joke.’
He raised an eyebrow, ‘you have a lot of inside jokes with you Bella.’
‘What can I say? I have a lot of private jokes for someone who reads a lot.’
‘That’s not what I heard.’
She opened her laptop, ‘yeah I know—Cylvia says that I read a lot of junk.’ She looked at him levelly, ‘people without an imagination are hard to live with.’
Fred sighed at length. ‘Why do you two hate each other so much?’
That took her by surprise. Cylvia and she didn’t always see eye to eye but hate was a too strong word to describe it.
‘I don’t hate her.’ She said softly
‘You don’t like her either.’ He hedged
She narrowed her eyes at him, ‘what do you plan to do about it?’
‘What?’
She folded her arms, ‘before you misjudge me about causing Cylvia pain because of our screwed relationship; let me tell you that you don’t know half of it and no one is a saint in all of this.’ She looked back into her laptop suddenly feeling angry.
Why were they even having this conversation and why was she talking so much today?
‘I am not misjudging you!’
She startled when he was suddenly in front of her desk. He placed his palms on top of the desk and leaned forward, his face inches from hers. 
‘Why are you so sensitive about people speaking badly about you?’
‘I just don’t want to hear about it—you can persecute me all you want but you can’t come to ask me about it to my face like that just because you have seen your girlfriend’s private hurts.’
He scowled, confused, ‘girlfriend?’
‘Oh for heaven sake Fred, are we on the same page here?’
Then he seemed to get what she was talking about.
‘You think Cylvia and I are dating?’
‘What else are you doing?’
He laughed, ‘you’ve been observing us a lot.’
Her scalp prickled, had she?
‘No I have not,’ her voice unusually high, ‘how dare you accuse me of such a thing?’
He shook his head, eyes scanning her face, ‘all this time I was wondering what I did wrong because of the way you have been sort of keeping me at bay.’
She glared at him, ‘I don’t know why I’m in love with you either so give me a break—I am trying the best I can not to be—I don’t want this any more than you do, so you should stop this game of pulling me and pushing me away at the same time I didn’t do anything wrong to you.’
Shock masked his face for a moment and then she realized that she had just confessed that she loved him. Damn it!
She bit her lip- this time she can’t even say that it came out wrong because that’s what it was
‘Never mind!’ she groaned as she pushed her chair backwards, stood up and left the office.
Dinner was intense. Fred kept his eyes on his food and avoided to look at her as much as he could, when their eyes accidentally met, he would avert his gaze from her. Cylvia was the one doing the dishes. Fred helped her of course and they were chatting animatedly like always.
Of all the horrible things she could have done, why did she have to tell her sister’s boyfriend that she was in love with him?
She took a quick shower and changed into her pajamas. She didn’t feel like reading so she decided to go straight to sleep when she heard a soft knock on her door.
She groaned, this better be an emergency.
‘What?’ she pulled the door open with half-closed eyes
‘Stockroom!’ Fred raised an eyebrow.
Bella opened her eyes wide, ‘oh right!’
She got out of her room and closed the door softly. Winter was just beginning and it was now freezing cold in the evenings.
They were outside in a few minutes. They walked past the office bungalow towards the stock room. Bella felt as though they were about to break into a ghost house or a cursed one for that matter.
As if he knew what she was thinking. Fred took her hand as he slowly opened the back door. Going through the front door would have drawn attention which they didn’t want at this point.
It was a huge empty space. The feed was packed in their assortments. At the end of the hall was a small door where the herd boys and workers hung out during break or lunch time.
Fred flicked on a flashlight. The stock feed looked like little flat beds in a row. They walked down the first aisle checking everything and comparing it to Cylvia’s inventory report for the day.
In fifteen minutes, they were done. Everything was normal. Fred suggested they go back- but Bella had that creeping sensation all over her again. No, something was not right- it had to be somewhere in this stockroom.
Bella went back to the small room where the workers hung out. She just stood there for a minute and then impulsively began to tap the walls. Fred was standing on the door way wondering what she was doing. She repeatedly tapped all the four walls of the room then stopped. She hit it this time and listened- there was definitely and echo
‘I think I found something!


HE OPENED THE METAL DOOR and they ducked inside the dark tunnel. Fred flicked the flashlight on and light flooded inside the little bunker room.
Bella gasped in shock. It really was a room and someone was living in it. There was a pile of blankets in a corner. A small desk and stool. The floor was littered with empty packets of snacks and fast foods.
She could not begin to imagine just how someone created a secret door through a wall and dug a room under the floor. It was as though she had entered into a mystery novel
Fred handed her the flashlight and began to take pictures. Bella already knew what was in his mind
‘We have to first find out who lives here before we tell the police.’
‘Bella we are not the police – this is not our job.’
Fred was right- Bella almost didn’t argue with his point until she lit the wall in front of her and gasped loudly




20


HELEN WAS JUST ABOUT to sleep when she heard the front door open. She sat up on her bed eyes wide in the dark room. Where was Aunt Betsy going off to this time of the night?
She sat there and listened as the door slowly closed. Helen climbed out of bed and tip toed to the door. She placed her ear on the cold hard wood—shivering from the cold- she listened.
The person was moving about the living room- maybe looking for matches. It wasn’t Aunt Betsy, maybe it was—her stomach twisted—John? Aunt Betsy had told her that John came home once in a while. She no idea where he was living and she never asked him. She warned Helen that he could be violent and the best thing to do was to ignore him
‘What are you doing here this time of the night?’ she heard Aunt Betsy’s voice, ‘you should have called.’
‘You haven’t seen me for months and the first question you ask me is why I am here?’ John’s speech slurred- Helen’s eyes grew wider behind the door, was he drunk? ‘My head hurts.’
‘You are drunk! Go and sleep wherever you’ve been living.’
‘I can’t today—I have nowhere to sleep.’
She heard Aunt Betsy sigh in frustration, ‘thank God, your cousin sister is here to help me these days and the last thing I need is you coming here to scare her,’
‘She’s using my room—she’s the one who must move out.’
Helen went back to her bed after making sure that the door was locked. She was terrified as she lay there barely able to close her eyes


BELLA STARED AT THE WALL- she was shaking. Fred was saying something, she didn’t hear him. The pictures were exquisite. She never knew that she looked that good in pictures. Pictures of herself in the kitchen, in the office, at the grocery stores or just crossing the yard. There were pictures of her at her little beach
Somebody was watching her. Fred held her arm and she jumped at his touch, dropping the flashlight in her astonishment. Fred caught it before it fell on the floor. He pulled her towards the door
‘Let’s get out of here.’
They got out of the little bunker room. Got out through the fake wall that led to it and sealed it back just the way it had been
Bella felt as if the world was spinning and she bolted out of the stock room towards the house. Fred was right behind her when she finally got inside the house and her legs were shaking. She was feeling nauseous as the world continued to spin
Fred closed the door, locked it before he pulled her into an embraced. She wrapped her arms around his waist and clung to him as the world continued to spin
He was saying something but she was not hearing him.


HELEN STEPPED INTO the living room. John was sprawled on the floor on his stomach, snoring. She was really surprised at how clean he looked-- after what she heard about him she had expected him to be the epitome of bad news.
She slowly approached his sleeping body and tapped his leg with her foot. He stirred and rolled over on his back. Now he was facing upwards- Helen wrinkled her nose at the smell of alcohol that gushed from his mouth when he breathed out
'Hello John!'
He opened his eye- looked at her in confusion then opened another eye. Confused again- he quickly sat up wide eyed at first then hid dry lips cracked into a lopsided smile
'I must have died and gone to heaven,'
'No John you are perfectly awake.'
'Then why is an angel standing before me?'
Helen rolled her eyes, 'pretty human women are not angels John and heaven is not the final destination for every creature that dies on earth and most importantly-- you don’t use pickup lines on your cousin.'
'This is real? You are Helen?'
'You fell off the couch,' she said barely remaining calm, 'if you keep sleeping on the floor like that your mouth will turn.'
She walked past him and went outside. She attended to all the chores in a short time. Fed the chickens, let out the goats and the cows. She swept the yard.
When she was done, she took a shower and got dressed to go help Aunt Betsy at the diner.
When she entered the cabin, she startled when a light flashed at her. She blinked in utter surprise when she saw that John had cleaned up and changed into fresh clothes. He stood in the middle of the room with a camera in his hand. An expensive one. He flashed her.
'You didn’t even ask!'
He grinned, 'oh sorry can I take your picture?'
She folded her arms, 'no, how long are you going to live here?'
'Why do you ask?'
'Well for starters you are making Aunt Betsy's life miserable by your presence.'
He scoffed, 'don’t worry about that, mother had been uncomfortable with my existence since the day I was conceived,'
'So how long?'
'Until my work is done!'
'What do you do exactly?'
'I’m a photographer!' he said, 'in fact-- I have a book cover contract I just received-- I am looking for a model.'
'In this village?'
'You know nothing about Farmland!
'Neither do you! It’s not like you actually live here, at least you have the decency to check it out once in a while.'
Helen turned on her heel and walked out the door.




21


BELLA TRIED TO ACT NORMAL as she walked to the office but she couldn’t help wondering who was watching her. Where did the person watch her from? What was the person's objective? How many private conversations had the person heard?
The police were handling it now. She wasn't sure about the details because she was avoiding Officer David.
'You didn't have to come today.' Fred said giving her a tender look as she stepped into the office. Last night flashed into her memory and she felt heat going to her face. She had been so shaken by the experience she clung to him and ended up sleeping cuddled to him on his bed.
'It’s better than to stay in my room and have wild thoughts.'
Fred looked disapproving, 'you should have stayed at home and relaxed Bella-- are you sure about this?'
'I’m fine-- I've had worst experiences Fred believe me this is prologue compared to what I went through once.'
And she was all alone during that time-- except for her dear friends, Susan and Timothy of course. But she didn't cling onto them and take over their beds!
Fred sighed, 'fine, stay in the compound and don’t leave no matter what.'
'Of course.'
She was not going to go out there with a strange stalker on the loose.
So for the next days all she did was go to the office and then returned to her room for tow reason. One; she didn’t want to have to hear people discuss this and two, she was avoiding Fred. She didn’t want to be a burden to him


FRIDAY ARRIVED sooner than she expected-- Helen woke up and quickly changed into her clothes. She splashed water on her face and rushed out with a huge box of the finished costumes
The put the big box at the back of her truck and ran into John as she rushed to the driver's side.
'What now? I am not making you breakfast and I am not borrowing you my phone.'
'You are so spiteful towards me Helen-- we could be the closest cousins,'
'Move I am late.'
'Lend me your truck! I need to be somewhere.'
'Use your legs-- or drive your expensive camera-- you bought a camera that is more expensive than a house and you don’t know what to do with it,'
He chuckled, 'a ride then?'
'I don’t want to be seen with you- you have a very bad reputation and I really value mine.'
He rolled his eyes, come on Helen let me.'
'Move john!' she pressed past him- he gripped her arms with both hands and pushed her hard against the body of the truck
she stared at him in shock, 'get away from me.' she screeched; she saw this many times with William  until she had threatened him and he had stopped manhandling her like that.
'Give me the keys!' his voice was calm but his eyes had a dangerous rage in them
'Get away from me,' she tried to push him away and failed miserably. He grabbed her hand off his chest. h=she was holding the keys. He pressed her wrist and turned her hand towards her face. The car keys directly on the side of her neck,
Stop,' she squeaked and too late, she gasped when he pushed her hand and the car key against her neck. Then she felt something warm -- blood.
'See what you've done to yourself,' he whispered in her ear, 'you are so clumsy,' and he began to cackle loudly.
He grabbed her shoulders, shook her violently before he slammed her against the truck. His eyes flashed with uncontrollable rage in the process.
She closed her eyes and began to sob quietly. He finally stepped away from her. Her body slumped to the ground as he walked back into the house.


SHE PASSED BY THE clinic to have her wound cleaned and treated and band-aided before she drove to the Phillips farm.
She managed to arrive just in time for lunch. Susan came out of the house rushing to her.
'Helen just in time we-' she stopped when she saw the Band-Aid on Helen's neck, 'what happened?"
'An accident-- I overworked myself and one of those sharp objects found its way to my neck.' she forced a chuckle. Though by now just thinking of John was infuriating, she decided that she was not going to cower at him any more- she was going to show that son of a motherless goat -
'Is it serious?'
'Nah- it will heal in a few hours.'
By the time she entered the house, her little story had circulated. It sounded as blatantly a lie as it was but no one confronted her. But she was not going to talk about her twisted cousin until she dealt with him when she returns to the house.
The dresses were perfect. Phase one was over
'What’s phase two? ‘Helen asked
'Dance lessons.' Susan marveled, 'my genuine favorite.'
Helen smiled, 'who's the tutor?'
'Catherine she is very good!' Susan winked.
Her work here was done! She would most likely see all of them at the wedding, if she lived that long. Maybe it seemed a bit calamitous that she was planning to deal with a psycho like him- but she had had it with people like William and for once she was going to teach one of the stereotypes a lesson.
She was standing on the veranda with those ridiculously horrid thoughts running through her mind when she felt a hand someone touch her shoulder.
She jumped and nearly fell but Timothy caught her just in time
Who was she kidding? She could never confront that psycho-- she was afraid of him
Timothy helped her to stand up right,
'Are you okay?'
'You startled me!'
He studied her face for a moment, mostly her Band-Aid. Well of course the scar on her face was upsetting, but why was he so mad?
'Can you wait here for a minute?'
Helen shrugged and Timothy returned into the house.


BELLA WAS IN THE KITCHEN drinking water when Timothy walked in
'Ready to dance tomorrow?' she smirked at him
'Not really-- I just fear for my poor feet when you step on them!'
Bella laughed, 'I told you I have no experience.'
'Mr. Phillips is so modest with everything I thought he'd train you ball room as well.'
'I will make sure he hears your opinion when he gets back.'
She put her glass in the sink
'Bella I have a favor to ask you!'
Bella shrugged, 'a favor?’
He sighed, 'I need to know what’s going on at Helen's house.'
Bella raised an eyebrow and she said slowly, 'okay?'
Timothy rolled his eyes, 'she is my ex-girlfriend.'
'I knew that something was up with you two.'
'Anyway-- I think something is wrong-- I need you to go to her house.'
'To do what? Aren’t you overreacting a little bit?'
'No, I've seen her like this when she met that airhead of a stepfather-- I know when she is ticked and is thinking of doing something stupid.'
Bella nodded slowly. 'Care to tell me when exactly the ex-status happened because you still seem a bit possessive of her?'
'Bella!'
'Okay sorry go on.' she waved a hand at him, 'what do you want me to do?'


WHEN TIMOTHY RETURNED, Bella was with him. Helen blinked at them both before she cast Timothy an annoyed look. Oh she was too familiar with this side of his
'Helen I need to see Mrs. Jones today about her supplies-- can I go with you?'
No, she was not planning to return home per se she just wanted to teach John a lesson then disappear.
'Sure Bella, hop in lets go.' Helen flashed a polite smile and stole a glance at Timothy-- why was he looking at her like that?
Bella slipped into the passenger seat as Helen turned the key in the ignition. She was planning to sell William's truck and send him the money since he obviously won’t accept his piece of crap back.
'He still cares about you,' Bella said to her after they drove for a while in silence.
Helen shook her head, 'Timothy is okay-- I’m the one who just-' she trailed away, she was the one who was just messed up and was afraid of commitment. 
'Nobody is perfect!' Bella said in a soft voice as if she understood the train of her thinking.
'I freaked out when he asked me to marry him.' she chuckled humorlessly, 'and that was the end of it all.'


BELLA FELT A CREEPING feeling as they entered Mrs. Jones' yard. What was wrong with her? She came here before and it was fine. Well she was still shocked after what they discovered last night.
It was nearly dusk, Mrs. Jones was not yet home but she would be arriving any minute.
Bella was helping Helen to get the livestock inside when she heard his voice. 
Bella? Bella Phillips?'
She whirled around to face him. He was coming towards her-- staggering a little. He'd been drinking. Suddenly everything clicked into place. Helm was indeed in real danger now that John was here.
'John!' she struggled to stay calm, 'what are you doing here? I thought you no longer lived in Farmland.
'You hoped!' he grinned, 'it’s been a long time Bella!'
'Not really!' she plastered a wide smile she didn’t feel, 'so you are Helen's cousin?'
He shrugged, 'lucky me!' he walked towards Helen who instinctively took a step backwards. Bella felt herself raging-- of course it was John who had hurt her. She wanted to gorge his eyes out.
'I came to have dinner with Mrs. Jones!' Bella announced coolly
'Perfect.' John was grinning like a loon, 'let’s go inside- I’ll cook.'
Probably the only good deed he will ever do in his lifetime.
Mrs. Jones was delighted to see that Bella visited. They chatted long and tirelessly till almost midnight. After the desert and the dishes Bella announced her leave
'I will drive her to the grocery stores at least,' Helen was so good at acting and John was alcohol intoxicated to suspect anything. 
He happily said goodnight to Bella as she left the cabin




22


BELLA STEPPED ON THE accelerator, John the bully was really back in Farmland? She had a feeling that he came back once in a while and that gave her the creeps. He'd threatened her severely back then after the rumors were like wildfire and Bella decided to drop it since nobody seemed to believe her version of what really happened.
John was a charmer and everyone would be like; 'oh no John would never do something like that.' while he got away with every crime he could commit in town. How could so many people be so blind?
They finally arrived at home and Helen visibly relaxed as the truck pulled in front of the house.
When they entered the house, Fred, Timothy and Cylvia were writing in the living room. The atmosphere was tense. Fred looked really mad, Timothy looked like he'd been scolded and Cylvia must have played the peace keeper between the two.
 Timothy walked to Helen and whispered something, Helen only nodded before Cylvia came and took her upstairs.
Bella's eyes locked with Fred's and she froze. She wasn’t sure if he was really mad or he was trying to solve a complex thought in his head.
'Bella I’m sorry.'
She looked up at Timothy who was rubbing her shoulders
'But thank you.' he glanced at Fred before he left the house. Bella nodded and smiled but he was already gone.
Fred looked like he wanted to say something but he just turned sharply from her and rushed upstairs to his room. She heard the door slam softly.
She let out a breath she didn’t know that she had been holding before she forced her legs to climb up the stairs.
Then as she came to the door of her room she understood what was going on and why all the tension was in the house.
Nobody had thought about the dear old bunker that was still being investigated and Bella did a risky thing. So that’s why Timothy was apologizing.
But at least, Helen was safe away from John. The seemingly harmless fox of a person. Seeing him again brought back all kinds of bad memories she had rather not remember. Maybe she should have handled things differently back then, it seemed the man had a weird habit of bullying women and she shuddered at the thought of how many other women he could have harassed where ever that he had been living all this while
Maybe Helen’s initiative was right, John had to be confronted and stopped. Staying clear of him will only give him power that he was feared. The Farmland villagers can say whatever they wanted, it would be better to have a bad false rumor going about than to have John harass and threaten someone else again.
She turned her door handle and jumped when Fred’s door flew open. With her fist on her pumping heart she turned to glare at him.
Forget what she had decided, she wouldn’t confront that monster of a man face to face and not end up taking flight for the hills in terror.
‘What do you want?’ was he going to continue glaring at her all night?
‘You!’ he narrowed his eyes at her as if he was battling a thought and he had to peer at her face like that to come to a conclusion, ‘did you even imagine how it would affect me when you just disappeared?’
She blinked, ‘I didn’t disappear, I went with Helen and everyone saw me going out.’
‘Everyone?’
‘Okay. Maybe not the majority of people.’ Her voice quietened at the end of the sentence
‘You were not supposed to go out in the first place and then you spend the entire evening out and you were not picking up your phone because you left it here.’
Bella sighed, ‘aren’t you making it seem a little bit more dramatic than it really is? Nothing happened—and Helen is safe that’s the most important thing right now,’
‘Safe from whom? What is going on anyway that you couldn’t take to the police?’
She understood his anxiety but why was he lecturing her as if she were a child and couldn’t decide what was the best thing to do given the situation
She folded her arms, ‘look, I know I caused worry when I just left given the circumstances but you’ve seen the cut on Helen’s neck, we had to get her away from John before he did something worse.’
‘Why didn’t Timothy go?’
‘And make John suspicious? The man can just snap and do worse—look Helen is away from him it’s all that matters for now,’
He sighed and closed his eyes momentarily then opened them, ‘fine—if that’s what you want, I fell too involved in all this—and I don’t even understand what is going on—never mind then.’ He turned into his room and closed the door.
What did that mean? Did he think that she was lying? What did he mean by being too involved? She stood staring at his door for a while before she turned into her own room and closed the door behind her. She tried to shrug off Fred’s reaction but his words about being too involved stung her and she wanted to punch him for making her feel that way.


HELEN WOKE UP WITH A START. She glanced around frantically- she sang back into the bed when she realized where she was. She groaned-- she dreamt about the bastard!
She climbed out of bed, rushed to splash some water on her face before going downstairs in the kitchen where Bella, Fred and Cylvia were already having breakfast.
'Good morning!' she greeted them as she sat down grabbing an apple.
'Did you sleep well?' Bella asked.
Helen smiled, 'yes thank you. And you?'
Belle just rolled her eyes. Of course she had a good night’s sleep with an intense desire to stab out John’s existence from planet earth and still sappy about what Fred had said.
'You are staying here until this is smoothed over.' Cylvia told Helen with finality in her voice.
Bella discreetly rolled her eyes, it wasn’t as if Cylvia actually believed that John was dangerously evil. 
'Thank you.' Helen said quietly.
'Mom and dad are coming back today!' Cylvia said with a dreadful look, 'the first few hours of their arrival is a review of every relative they met. And considering that they were over there for a while that’s going to be a lot of relatives.'
Fred chuckled, 'really?' joining the conversation for the first time—the tyrant.
'Yes!' Bella and Cylvia sighed simultaneously and began to remind each other of the people their parents are likely to talk about.
Helen couldn’t remember the last time she actual believed that she had some number of relatives who existed somewhere, in fact she wouldn’t have ever met aunt Betsy if her mother hadn’t met that prick William.
'Coffee or juice?'
She startled a little and turned to look at Fred, 'coffee!' she needed the caffeine, it was already bad enough that she was jumpy at every male voice she heard. 
Fred poured her some coffee and set it in front of her.
'Thank you!' she said quietly.
'So I never asked what brought you to farmland.'
She turned to give him an amused look, it was not like they could have a nice normal social conversation, and the last time she had spoken to Fred was rather messy
'I know there couldn’t be any place in the world we would have run into each other.'
'Truly!' he agreed smiling wickedly, 'the world is a very big place so what are you doing here?'
Helen shrugged, 'same as you I guess. Being dragged here without planning it.'
'I wasn’t dragged here.' he corrected her
'Well I know for a fact that Mrs. Lotman wouldn’t be merry about you coming to live here.'
He narrowed his eyes at her, not offended by the remark about his mother, 'why would you say that?'
'she called me after you left-- she was very upset,' Helen was not going to tell him that his mother also begged Helen to talk some sense into Fred that he wasn’t fighting for Casey and he was just letting her go just like that.
'So you were dragged here?' he changed the subject
'Sort of. But I like it here now.' and the picture of John attacking her flashed into her memory making her to shudder subconsciously, she wrapped her fingers around her mug to calm herself. 'I going out for some air.'
Fred looked concerned but he didn’t say anything as she left the kitchen, Bella and Cylvia were still mentioning a couple of relatives Mr. and Mrs. Phillips were likely to persecute.
She walked to the front door and pulled it open, ready to step into the sunlight and inhale the fresh morning air when her eyes clashed with John's instead.
'Cousin!' he grinned impishly.
She startled back into the house, stumbled on her own feet and in the process of balancing herself, the mug slipped from her fingers and smashed onto the floor.


BELLA REACTED QUICKLY when she heard the crash from the living room. She couldn’t help it-- she was so jumpy especially after learning that John was here and bad evil memories crippled back at her mercilessly. Fred had just left to answer a call.
Cylvia was in the middle of telling her to stop when she bolted out of the kitchen and stumbled into the living room where she nearly bumped into John if he hadn’t caught her.
Helen was standing in front of her smashed mug pieces with a death pale expression on her face.
'John!' Bella croaked, 'what are you doing here?' stepping away from him slowly when his eyes glinted with evil intentions
'I live here!' he declared, 'I think it is time we elaborate that shall we?'
Cylvia appeared in the room. John pulled Bella to him a held her tightly against his side.  Cylvia's eyes zeroed on John, lingering a little longer on his arm around Bella’s waist.
'John!' Cylvia was clearly surprised, 'what are you--.'
'Cylvia, long time no see.... 
Belle wriggled beside him
'Don’t!' John said sternly
'Let her go!' Cylvia shot John a death stare.
'You don’t get to tell me what to do?' john pointed a finger at her, 'you don’t know anything.'
Bella continued to struggle against him
'Why are you grabbing Bella like that?' Cylvia started to walk towards him to grab Bella out of his arms and John suddenly flashed a hideous deathly knife at her.
'Not another step-- I came for Bella and I decided that today is the day so don’t make me desperate.'
Bella stayed still knowing that john would slit her throat without even thinking about it and say something stupidly witty after wards. She willed Cylvia not to react with the look that she gave them.
'You can’t kidnap her in broad day light!' Cylvia said
John chuckled darkly, 'it doesn’t matter, by the time anyone comes for her I would have already taken what’s mine-- I’d even die a happy man.'
And he started to drag her out of the house.
'John!' Daniel sprinted to them when he and the workers saw him dragging belle across the yard with a giant knife at her throat
'Shut up Daniel, get in the truck and drive!' he snarled at Daniel and Daniel was quick to do as he was told
'You humiliated me once-- now watch as I humiliate you.' 
He pushed her into the truck and shut the door
'Drive us to the cabin!'
Bella felt her breath get caught in her throat. Oh no not that old hunted cabin that has been the epitome of her nightmare for the past many years.




23


COMMOTION BROKE out as soon as the truck drove out of the farm premises. They called the police.
Cylvia slumped into the nearest couch, the anguish on her face was unbearable. Fred and Timothy were talking about going after the truck
'There must be a certain place he is taking her.' Fred's voice was calm for someone who looked murderously angry
'I don’t know...' Timothy was thinking
'Shouldn’t we wait for the police?' Cylvia croaked
'No!' Timothy retorted, 'we can’t give John time we need to go after him.'
Fred and timothy started for the door Helen behind them
'Stay here!' they chorused sternly and Helen halted.
'I have a place in my mind.' Timothy said as they closed the car doors, 'if he is that twisted of course.'
'Let’s go then, where is it?'
'The old. Cabin.' Timothy's jaw clenched, 'I’m going to kill that son of a motherless goat.'
'He can’t be at home!'
Both Fred and timothy startled at Helen who asked from the backseat
'Helen!' Fred cried, 'why are you here?'
'Keep driving there is no time for this-- do you seriously think that he took her back to the house?'
'No!' timothy whispered, 'the cabin where all this madness started.'
Fred groaned in agitation, 'let’s go.... we can’t be too late.'


BELLA HELD HER breath, trying not to scream as john led her to the shabby cabin. The familiar ugliness and ghostly feeling washed over her as John kicked the door open. She half expected a flight of bats to shoot out from the dark little cabin.
'Welcome home.' he crooned wickedly before he shoved her inside. Pain shot through her as she hit the ground in a thud. She cried out as she rolled over to sit up.
'John you are hurting her!'
Shut up Daniel or I will do worse, wait outside the door,' he snarled and shut the old door. 'Stand up.' he barked at her just as her eyes had adjusted to the room
Belle struggled to her feet, 'you camped in the stock room.'
'Yes, I watch over what’s mine.'
'You are very possessive.' Bella stilled her shaking body and took a calm voice, 'I think it’s very romantic.'
His face remained hard, staring at her-- she was afraid that he wasn’t buying into her act, but she had to stall or she would be dead in a few minutes
'you think?' he scoffed, 'it’s too late Bella-- you broke my heart and you cheated on me with that city boy.' he sneered, 'I saw you-- I saw you making out with him in your room-- I saw you let him touch you at the river. You are just a slut after all.'
'John!'
'Don’t call me that,' he barked. He stared at her blankly before his eyes began to scan her from head to toe with obvious animalistic lust in his eyes. She felt sick and began to back away from him.
'You are so beautiful even in pictures Bella. I can’t get over you, I have to have you and now you gave yourself to that city boy-- I’m going to kill him for that.'
'It’s not like that.' she held his frenzied gaze. 'You can’t always correct interpreted what you see correctly.'
'Is that so?' he purred advancing towards her, his eyes determined. She continued to back away from him until her back hit the wall and she froze as he closed the few inches between them, and brought the knife to her throat
Bella whimpered as the cold baled touched her skin
'We can finally finish what we started, it would have been perfect between us years ago if you hadn’t ran off to spread those terrible rumors about me to the entire village.'
He leaned his face closer to hers, Bella held her breath. His lips were inches away from hers and she turned her face away quickly- he lowered the knife from her throat and sliced it on her shoulder on her collar bone. She screamed in pain and slumped to the floor clutching her shoulder and blood started to prickle out.
'This is all your fault-- you hurt yourself and now you are going to go around saying that I cut you rent you?' he snarled
'no.' she sobbed
he bend down, grabbed her shoulders and stood her up, pressed his body against her, totally pinning her to the wall, the knife he held was stained with her blood where he'd cut her.
'Now don’t move or you will hurt yourself again?'
He smashed his lips on hers, bring her lips before he began to nibble her jaw and throat, getting lost in his ecstasy. He pressed her harder to the wall and ran his hand on the length of her back still pressing her body against him.
Bella placed both her hands on his chest
'That’s it,' he rasped into her ear, 'do that again.'
She made circular caresses on his chest and he groaned. Her hands stilled for a brief moment before she pushed at him-- he didn’t even bulk but he throat she was playing along so he scooted her into his arms and staggered across the room and threw her on the bed.
Dust choked her as he loomed above her. His eyes frenzied with lust and knife in his hand above her.
She didn’t waste time, she lifted her leg and kicked him in the groin. He screamed as fell on top of her instead of backwards, grunting expletives in pain.
Bella gave up acting cool and she began to scream and hit his back. He raised his face and shot her a murderous glare
'You little slut!' he slapped her across the face repeatedly, madly then stopped.
Bella could feel her face was swollen and her vision was blurring a little. He got off her
'You do such awful things to yourself Bella-- but don’t worry--at least I can give you the honor to be able to be buried with your beautiful face still intact.'
She was sliding into unconsciousness- her eye lids were getting heavy. She felt a terrible sharp pain at the side of her stomach before everything went black.


WHEN FRED AND TIMOTHY saw Daniel they immediately brought the car to a stop and rushed out. Daniel rushed off into the woods and timothy chased after him while Fred kicked the old cabin door open. Helen was right behind him
'Fred!' she cried after him but it was too late, Fred rushed inside and when Helen got inside, Fred had just hurled john to the floor and was hitting him.
Helen gasped in horror when she saw Bella on the bed, her body limp and pale. And there was blood.
'Bella!' she screamed and Fred left john barely able to move on the floor and rushed to where Bella was lying.
'Bella, Bella,' he pulled off his shirt and pressed it on her bleeding stomach
'Is she-- is she--
'She’s breathing, but her pulse is very weak-- I need to carry her to the car,'
Helen scooted over to where john was laying on the floor, blood on his lips and nose where Fred had hit him. He grunted and rolled weakly on the floor; she grabbed a dusty pillow, pulled off the pillow case and tied his hands with it. She pulled off another one and tied his legs.


SHE HEARD FRED'S VOICE. It was distant and anguished. Everything was dark, air was scant-- the pain was unbearable. She wanted do scream but she couldn’t even move her eyelids.
'Bella I need you to hang on for me okay? We are almost there.'
She wanted to nod but still couldn’t move. She felt the car racing, felt Fred’s arms as he held her. She heard Helen and timothy's frantic voice-- the police had come--- Daniel was caught--- Fred said something about john, he hoped the bastard dies in jail he said. 
 she fell into oblivion and when she tried to open her eyes again she was pierced by bright lights and she was being moved fast, a couple of people in blue mostly hovered above, running beside her speaking in hurried hushed voices
'Young female,' a man was saying, 'stabbed by a knife in the lower abdomen, and lost a lot of blood'
'Got it,' another man replied
'Excuse me sir but you have to wait here.' a woman said gently
'okay.' she heard Fred whisper, 'I will see you soon Bella, I love you.'


MRS. JONES WAS upset when she learned what happened to Bella because of John.
'I can’t believe that he would do such a thing!' she cried unbelievably like the rest of the people in farmland.
What is wrong with these people? Helen couldn’t stand how ignorant they were to all this. Cylvia admitted that Bella had told them over and over that John was dangerous
'But he was such a gentleman and that time Bella was kind of questionable so it fit that she would do such a thing.'
Helen shook her head, 'what really happened?'
Timothy sighed and excused himself from the room. He was so mad about this and Helen knew that he believed just as Bella had believed that John was trouble while the rest of the village saw him as prince charming
Fred also excused himself and followed Timothy outside.
Cylvia sighed, mostly because Fred was sort of mad at them for ignoring such an important matter until it came to this point
'Bella came home late,' Cylvia said with a shaky voice, 'well she always did that and she had little stories about being at Susan's house or at the library but that night she came with torn and dirty clothes. Some boys from her school had passed by and told us that they saw Bella in the woods with some elderly guy---- so when she arrived at home with her story we were all too furious to believe it.'
Helen shook her head. She could imagine the pain Bella went through.
'But why? Weren’t you close to know that she wasn’t that kind of person?'
Cylvia shook her head, 'we were very close, but after that incident-- Bella literary separated herself from everyone and started spending so much time reading and working-- -- all this time I thought I will just watch her and she will eventually get over her rebellion but now I realize that we were all wrong-- Bella was hurt more by us than what that monster of a man did to her.'
Helen felt tears itch in her eyes, she said nothing-- what could she say? That was almost the story of her own life.
'Now that you know the real truth-- you need to be there for her.' Helen said, 'you have to tell her that you were wrong and that you believe her--but that is up to you.'
Cylvia smiled warningly, 'you seem to know what you are talking about-- like you have a story.'
Helen scoffed,' you have no idea,' she said, 'and I don’t want to talk about it.'  Even Timothy never knew her life story. She didn’t want anyone's sympathy, human pity was futile and faded with time only adding more hurt to the hurt


BELLA WAS SO GLAD TO be leaving the hospital at last. The past seven days had been the equivalent to the definition of hell. It wasn’t that the people were really worried about her recovery but more of her story.
They wanted to confirm, did John really do this? As if he was the hero who had the unbeatable record of saving the world from a close cut Armageddon and he could do no wrong.
Her family was worse, besides Helen, Susan, Timothy and Fred-- she groaned when others came in and started rumbling on about the past events and connecting it to the present issue.
So she asked for Fred to be the one to take her home instead and after much arguments they agreed to wait for her at home.
'Hey, you ready?'
She turned to Fred who was on the doorway and smiled, 'yes.'
The nurse made her to sit on a wheelchair and wheeled her to the parking lot. She endured it-- was the last day anyway and finally people would stop hovering over her like old mother hens.
'They want you to be well, they are concerned.' Fred told her as he helped her into the car. She folded her arms and huffed. Well she didn’t enjoy being petted and pampered like some princess-- she hated the feeling of being weak and helpless.
'You should let down your guard a little on people.' Fred looked at her steadily before he started the car, 'that's how relationships are built.'
She turned to look out the window. Even though she went into a comma and came back, and she saw how much Fred cared about her, this relationship just couldn’t happen.
He choked her seatbelt and then started the engine.
'I think there is a huge welcome party waiting for you back home.'
Bella groaned, 'I should have just remained in comma.'
He threw her a look that made her cringe, 'how could you say something like that.'
She shrugged and said nothing. She was just irritated and mad-- wasn’t that a reason enough?
'Bella!'
When she didn’t reply, he pulled over the side of the road.
'Let’s take a walk!'
She gave him a you-can’t-be serious look, 'a walk in the middle of nowhere? Whose land is this anyway? I am not going to jail after I just came out of the hospital.' she said curtly.
He got out of the car and walked to her door, opened it, 'come on-'
'No, I am tired and I am in pain-- if you want to walk-- on your own.'
'The weather is nice.'
She folded her arms and stared at him obstinately.
'Fine!'
'Fine what-ah.'
In one sweep, he pulled her out of the car and swept her up into his arms.
'Put me down you will hurt yourself.'
He walked across the grassy field and came to a huge deciduous tree that was somewhere close to a cliff and a cute picnic table with chairs was placed under it.
'Mr. Clay's land.' Bella gasped, 'Fred-- we can’t trespass here-- the man hates your family already.'
He sat her on a chair and sat on the other one next to hers. He closed his eyes, sighed loudly before he opened them again and glared at her
'Do you have any idea what it's like to watch someone in a comma-- to not know whether you will see them the next day or not?' his voice was low but thick with so much emotion, 'you can’t be mad and say such things.'
She gave out a heavy sigh and closed her eyes momentarily. ‘Sorry!’
‘Don’t say things like that—you can be mad at the entire village but not to that extent.’
‘Okay.’ she opened her eyes, ‘I got it, no wishing to return in the comma.’
‘So now we go and meet the people waiting to see you?’
‘It’s their party, it has nothing to do with me for all I know, and why are you escorting me to it anyway?’
‘I thought you asked me to come!’
‘To get me home not to some party. Do you even get the point of all this? This is all about the latest rumor in the village, prince charming has turned into a villain and I’m sure what I am in the picture but I would like to get there and chase all those people away with a digging fork!’
She winced when a slight pain came to her side reminding her of John and the knife.
‘Are you oaky?’ Fred was holding her shoulders with a concerned look on his face.
‘I’m fine,’ she rasped, ‘the nurse forgot to tell me to not shout.’
‘Let me carry you back to the car.’
She shook her head, ‘no, let’s stay for a while, the air is nice.’
She had been inside the hospital for so many days outside began to seem like a page in one of her fiction stories.
‘Okay!’ he gave in and brought his chair close to hers. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close. She snuggled close to his and rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. 
This was much more comforting than him trying to talk her into going to a party which she was almost having and anxiety attack over.
‘I’m sorry about what I said the other night.’ Fred said after a moment of silence.
Bella shifted and looked up at him, ‘I’m not sure, you said a lot of things on many nights.’
‘When I said that I became too involved into your issues.’
Yes she remembered that night very well and it fell into a complete opposite contrast with his quick love confession after witnessing her near death experience.
‘Don’t be—you were right—there was no need for you to be involved with my complicated issues.’
It still didn’t make sense that her entire family had given up trying to get the whole john scandal and he had to be the knight in shining armor. And he was after all Cylvia’s close friend. Who she was having mixed undeniable feelings for.
‘I wanted to be involved and I said what I said because I didn’t understand the way I felt when I couldn’t find you.’
Bella sighed, and here she was trying to recover from a comma and her life drama didn’t seem to fade all this time it was just in a pause waiting for a replay
‘Can we not talk about the heavy stuff?’
‘Can you let me finish?’
‘Depends on what you are about to say.’ She scowled at him
He raised his hand and cupped her face, ‘I don’t want to lose you—I don’t want to never see you again, those few hours I couldn’t find you felt like I had died a thousand deaths. I love you Bella Phillips.’
She felt her mouth suddenly drying. And that his hand was still on her face didn’t help either. Forget her heart, it could as well have been shredded to pieces with the shock because it was now beating so erratically and her brain went blank unable to form any words. She could say that she loved him too or kiss him silly like Susan once said—ugh, so she stored it for future reference after all.
‘Bella?’
Her thoughts cleared away and she was able to focus back on it, ‘I –I –I ‘and she clamped her mouth shut, ‘I just came out of a comma.’ What? What does that have to do with the present predicament?
‘And I’m so glad that you did.’
‘I think I’m having a heart attack.’ She blurted out.
Fred’s lips moved to form words before he laughed, ‘oh we can’t have that.’
‘Let’s go to the party.’
He narrowed his eyes at her, ‘you want to go to the party now? Why?’
‘because I am a reasonable person and I can’t just ditch after all the hard work the good villagers of Farmland put into it that would be bad of me and I can’t put you into the picture as well you didn’t do anything wrong--- or we could feign a flat tyre or we could go now before I change my mind—
He leaned down and crashed his lips on hers, silencing her rumbling. She closed her eyes and hooked her arms around his neck. The kiss lasted for ever until her mind was completely wiped out and the only thing she was thinking about was the present event.














PART THREE

CHIEF SAN
What’s a close knit village without a royal family? Or anything close to a royal family. The reason why they appear in part 3 is because the chief is peaceful quiet and is no fan of drama he avoids it like the plague but then he suddenly dies and the chaos that he used to block from that side of the palace breaks free from the lid and yes—more drama to go with.




24


IS IT WEIRD THAT I FEEL LIKE THIS is not the way weddings are done?’ Susan said breathlessly fanning herself even though the air corn was on and it was nearly freezing in the car.
‘Nerves!’ Helen said for the billionth time, ‘I think the weird thing is that you still have an anxiety attack even after preparing for this day for months.’
‘And two days.’ Bella added.
‘Helen keep your eyes on the road.’ Susan told Helen. Susan had refused for any other person to drive her to the wedding except Helen or Bella, insisting that she was not asking for much other than to break a stupid silly wedding tradition.
‘You need to calm down.’ Cylvia told Susan, ‘anxiety is not good for the baby at this stage.’
Apparently, Susan’s anxiety was contagious, because it seemed that only Cylvia was still down on earth enough to think of the baby
‘She is right,’ Helen agreed, ‘if you groan or mumble one more time, I’m turning this car around.’
Bella glared at Helen, ‘nice picture to color Helen—you should never talk to someone in a coma.’
‘Maybe she would help them to recover by scaring the living day lights out of them.’ Susan nodded at Helen 
‘Maybe I just found my purpose.’ Helen quipped
Cylvia sighed, ‘can’t we all act like grownups just for today?’
‘No I refuse to grow up.’ Bella said, ‘there is a song for that.’
‘Oh don’t you dare!’ Susan and Cylvia chorused
Helen scowled, her eyes fixed on the road, ‘what?’
‘She has a song for everything!’ Susan explained
‘The most annoying classical old types.’ Cylvia added
‘A romantic at heart?’ Helen mocked
‘I know how to lighten the mood!’ Bella mumbled, ‘see you are all smiling now and Susan has stopped fanning herself.’
‘Turn down the air corn or we will all catch a cold before we reach the church.’ Cylvia said,
‘Don’t you dare?’ Susan pointed at Cylvia, ‘unless you want to witness a real scandal.’
The church building loomed in front of them as the car eased into the parking lot. People were already inside, they could hear the hush voices of people as they rushed out of the car- each holding one piece or the other of Susan’s dress as they entered the back door.
‘All you have to do is stare ahead and move your feet one after the other.’ Helen fixed her veil in place, ‘you look gorgeous—remember that.’
‘Thank you guys—what would I have done without you?’ Susan managed a smile
Heels made simultaneous clicking sounds on the floor as they rushed to where they were supposed to go
They met Mr. Clay in the lobby. He looked intimidating dressed like that. He greeted the ladies with a curt correct how are you and kept his compliments to himself. And this could not have been the happiest day of his life since him freely and publicly announced that he was not happy with his daughter’s choice of a husband. But he consented because of the child—that the child did nothing wrong. At least the brutally honest Mr. Clay had a soft spot for kids
Everything went smoothly and as planned, till Susan and Lloyd were standing at the altar.
Helen scanned the faces in the Church until she found the person that she was looking for. Aunt Betsy had made it- she sighed in relief. Because of John, people were expecting her to hide away from society but Helen had advised her to not hide or she would be treated like a mad lady or a witch in no time
Her eyes went back to the couple. Susan’s face was still covered by a veil so she couldn’t tell whether she was still a nervous wreck or she had finally found her calm.
Lloyd’s face was expressionless- she couldn’t tell whether that was a good thing or not. Weren’t grooms supposed to look at their future wives as if they were seeing the sun for the first time?
She looked at Bella who was gazing back at the congregation like all the other best men and bridesmaids.
She noticed Bella’s slight change of expression as her eyes moved discreetly from the left side of the pews to the right side.
Helen recognized them. The in laws were sitting on the front row. All of them looked like they wanted out of there as soon as they got the chance.
Allison moved around casually with a plate of salad. She was told to try to blend in—villagers did not eat crumbs of salad at a party like this. Well their lifestyles involved effortless burning of calories anyway- Allison argued. People enjoyed chatting than music or getting lost in dancing.
People easily recognized a new face. Anything new easily attracted attention here. That had been Joel’s description of Farmland to her before she left the previous day.
Joel was acting as if he was sending her on a mission to out of space or something. It wasn’t that different and she wasn’t that too city girl stereotype—even animals took a natural like of her. Besides Farmland was not that hopelessly out of touch with the modern world.
Still she could be anywhere right now in her fancy uptown world making things happen- where everything was simply within her reach as long as she had Wi-Fi. 
But she was there in Farmland. Looking for a story to write. She thought that Joel had a massive comeback for the magazine and she was not expecting this.
What will she wire about? She thought the wedding would be a cute social event to put on the column—the dresses were spectacular. For a village wedding she had expected something simple and plain. Wasn’t that the lifestyle in these farms?
Simple plain and less complicated?
But those designs told her otherwise. 
Joel was confident there would be incredible stories from the small village however. Allison was filled with dread the moment she drove past the sign ‘FARMLAND’ – there would be nothing here! Unless they were now going to write about going green and agriculture.
But who knows? Joel had connection—h e wouldn’t survive without them-0 maybe he knew something that she didn’t




25


(Two weeks later)
BELLA LOOKED BACK AT Mrs. Phillips in confusion.
Why wouldn’t she be confused? Everyone was exhausted—even the dogs didn’t bark last night. They had just rounded up a massive wedding—okay, maybe not so massive. She was still recovering from a knife attack and perhaps even nursing a trauma—why was Mrs. Phillips sending her to Chief Sane compound?
‘What is that look?’
‘Mom you are sending me where? What for?’
Mrs. Philips sighed, of course she had to say it again, and all her five minutes of explaining her instructions seemed to have fallen on deaf ears. Bella did her best to not hear things if she didn’t like them.
‘I can’t send a servant at this time? It’s still sensitive at that house.’
Oh for heaven’s sake, Chief San’s compound has always been sensitive
‘It’s inappropriate.’ Mrs. Philips added.
Chief san had recently died. A sudden heart attack. The old man was up and about as usual the previous day and woke up dead the next
Bella sighed, ‘what am I supposed to do?’
‘They want supplies—they called us because the ones they had delivered at the house are not enough. All you have to do is drive the truck and make sure they take everything and comeback. You won’t even have to talk to anyone if you don’t want to.
She made it sound so simple. If only it was.
With the help of workers, she loaded the truck with the supplies the San compound wanted. Packaged beef, gallons of milk and sacks of grain. In Farmland, holding a funeral was more expensive than a normal party. People did not miss to console each other since they knew each other so well. At the chief’s funeral the entire village was there—besides that, Chief San had been a good old jolly man. Everyone like him.
People perhaps received much mercy when they grew old and they were not mistaken for witchcraft.
‘I’ll drive.’ Fred appeared in front of her when she was on her way to the driver’s side
‘Don’t you have work?’
‘It’s lunch time.’
‘Well I can drive myself.’
‘I know that.’
She narrowed her eyes at him, ‘okay—I don’t want you to come with me.’ She deadpanned
‘Oh come on, I’ve never been to the chief’s house before. ‘Pause, ‘I mean when it was not crowded.’
Bella wanted to groan, she just wanted to drive alone and sulk angrily at Mrs. Phillips for putting her in this situation.
She tossed the keys into his hand a marched to the passenger side.
‘Going to chief san’s house really annoys you!’ Fred noted.
It was because she had to walk on egg shells over there. Everyone who went to that house automatically represented their family. So the moment she stepped into the San zone, everyone’s reputation was in her hands and she wasn’t very popular for painting a good picture about the Phillips.
She felt restrained and sucked out of her life whenever she was there. Who knows what could happen and someone would be like ‘you ruined my reputation’ in the near future.
‘this idea, this tradition—it’s not like other places, the big cities for example where you can live twenty years and still to know your neighbors!’
Fred still didn’t understand why she was so mad
‘You spoke highly of Chief San at the funeral, everyone is quoting you.’
She looked at him with raised eyebrow. Fred was now quoting ‘everyone’—he was now officially corrupted by the ideas of Farmland
‘What?’ Fred started chuckling
‘I was forced to give a speech and I am not even the oldest child.’ She blurted out.
‘Oh, you seemed like you meant it that day.’
Oh please she barely remembered what she said that day. She was so nervous, her brain shut down while her mouth and voice formed words and got it over with. God knows she may have quoted one of the fictional characters she usually read about. She was surely going to be punished for this.
The san house loomed in front of them as the truck drove to the gate. A sign, small and insignificant was on the gate written ‘SAN COMPOUND’ in bold letters. Beyond the gate were cascades of thick green trees, even in the middle of winter.
The house had large windows, which mad eat to stand out because the villagers avoided large windows for they attracted robbers. Chief san himself had not been fancy or famous in appearance compared to his aristocratic family and children.
He used to stroll around his farms in old straw hats and a large stick. The children loved to call him Moses.
Bella smiled at the memory as the truck entered and parked in front of the supplies house.
Workers immediately came out and began to unload the goods. Fred went out to supervise the whole thing and belle went to join him. 


THEY DECIDED TO take a stroll in the orchard as the workers continued to evaluate the stock. The orchard was fresh and green with mango trees and oranges and different other exotic and indigenous trees.
Chief san used to have a story of how each kind of trees came to be in the orchard.
Like the avocado tree. It was only one giant one in the entire orchard, Chief san often told how he tried to uproot the tree when it was still very small.
‘Chief san and Mr. Philips were close?’ Fred asked. He was always surprised by Mr. Philips closeness to people of higher social hierarchy in the society.
‘They were like this.’ Bella crossed her fingers, ‘it’s one reason why Mr. Clay dislikes him, and he always thought Mr. Phillips would eventually become the next chief.’
‘And it’s Mr. Clay who is going to be the next chief?’
Bella shrugged, ‘that’s what is expected but from what Susan told me—it’s not so certain—maybe he is having second thoughts.’
Susan was appalled when belle told her about chief san’s sudden death. And she somehow pointed out unknowingly that her father Mr. Clay, might not accept to be inaugurated as the next chief of Farmland
Bella closed her eyes and inhaled the green leaves scented air then exhaled soothingly with a dreamy smile. Nature did that to her. She turned to look at Fred and found him studying her intently. She held his gaze for a moment then looked away when a though crossed her mind and heat was creeping up to her face.
‘Let’s go on a real date.’ Fred said all of a sudden.
Bella felt a slow smile creeping on her face. It would be heart stopping to come downstairs and find him all dressed up and dashing with a single healthy rose.
‘Okay let’s do that.’
‘Tonight!’
‘You are giving in easily today!’
She scowled at him, ‘what does that mean?’
He smiled, ‘well
‘Oh there you are—we are done offloading, please come and sign the documents.’ Mrs. Bridges rushed to them and they immediately fell into a step beside her back to the front of the supplies room.
‘Oh we really appreciate that you could bring us supplies—we have guest who are arriving at such a short notice.’
‘Oh?’ Bella looked at her questionably
‘Mrs. san and her sons are on their way and they would like to hold the memorial service as soon as possible.’
Bella almost groaned, in fact all of Farmland was sure to cringe at the news. The presence of chief san’s wife and her sons was not pleasant news around the village.
‘Oh!’ belle mumbled.




26


‘WHY ARE THEY COMING BACK HERE? They weren’t there for the funeral!’ Gerald said in a bored tone as he threw himself on the couch beside Bella
The san family members not showing up at the funeral was a much bigger topic than the chief’s heart attack. And now things were just getting better.
‘Who knows, at least it will give people a lot to talk about for a while.’ Bella said warily. She will never get over how dangerously reckless the villagers could be with their tongues.
‘So when are they coming exactly?’ Cylvia asked.
‘I don’t know—Mrs. Bridges didn’t say and I didn’t ask.’ Bella replied.
‘Must be soon.’ Charles nodded thoughtfully, ‘we must all be prepared, you know how father likes to act as if he is worship wherever the Sans are walking.’
That sounded a bit exaggerated but Mr. Phillips always had an annoying close relationship with the chief that always kept them in contact with the rest of the family. They all groaned unanimously.
‘I hope we don’t get to invite them for dinner.’ Gerald said
‘Or go to their house for dinner.’ Charles added
‘It was fun when chief san was still there,’ Cylvia countered.
‘Forget them,’ Gerald suddenly sat up straight as he realised something, ‘Mr. Clay is likely to be the next chief.’
Charles scoffed, ‘I don’t think so.’
‘He is next in line. Chiefly is not hereditary.’
‘I’m aware of that.’ Charles gave Gerald an annoyed look then looked at Bella, ‘did Susan say something about it in her emails and why do you write emails anyway? It’s the twenty first century?’
‘Our emails are private and it’s none of your business.’ Bella rolled her eyes at him
‘Belle likes to keep thing to herself.’ Gerald told Charles who narrowed his eyes at her
‘Are you really going on a dinner date with Fred tonight?’
Bella gasped, ‘whoa, sudden change of subject there.’
Cylvia snapped out of whatever she was deeply thinking about, ‘dinner date?’
Gerald folded his arms, ‘when were you going to announce that you are seeing each other?’
Bella felt heat going to her face, ‘oh w-w- well we are not really sure if this is really seeing each other.’
Cylvia scowled at her in shock, ‘wait a minute—so when you asked that Fred be the only one to take you from the hospital it was not just because you felt comfortable around him but because—‘ she paused her mouth hanging open, ‘since when did you start going out.’
‘WE ARE NOT GOING OUT!’ Bella grated, ‘we are just somewhere there.’
‘What does that mean?’ Charles asked
‘It mean one of them is in denial stupid.’ Gerald grinned at Charles
Bella groaned, ‘and you, where did you hear about the dinner date.’
Charles laughed nervously, ‘I heard mom and dad talking about it.’
‘You were eavesdropping on mom and dad?’ the three cried unanimously at him and he cringed
‘It was an accident, I was just passing by and I heard mom’s shocked voice and I had to know who died.’
Gerald laughed.
Cylvia blinked a couple of times, ‘so you like him Bella?’
Bella sighed, ‘it appears so.’ She said absently wondering why Cylvia was behaving strangely at this revelation. It’s not like they were keeping their feelings for each other a secret. They were still working on it and for the record they hadn’t even proclaimed the existence of their relationship to each other in the first place.


HELEN BUSIED HERSELF WITH MAKING HER PORTFOLIO during the slow hours of the diner. The night hours were the most awful with half-drunk village want to bees pilling the place and young school girls being fed fancy foods by older men. Mrs. Jones always said that she was used to it and it no longer applied her. But Helen couldn’t get used to such things. She dragged the girls in a corner and gave them a good lecture every chance she got and most of them did actually get the message and returned home.
The older men would be furious but they did not know-yet- who was behind taking their girls from them. She knew that if they ever found her she was as good as dead.
‘You should go home early today.’ Mrs. Jones came in panting- did she run here? ‘Gina, I mean your mother is coming for a visit with William.’
Helen’s jaw dropped open, ‘what?’
‘You need to fix the spare room and make everything ready, our cabin is small but if it looks nice I’m sure it will be fine.’
‘The cabin is just fine,’ Helen said through her teeth.
And they were adults and educated enough to know that they were coming to live in the village not a five star hotel.
‘Please Helen, I will run the diner tonight as you can go to the Phillips until they leave.’
‘Well it’s not like I will choose to stay with them—Aunt Betsy, you are too forgiving.’
‘If I wasn’t I wouldn’t have lived this long.’
Helen pressed her lips together to suppress a retort as she grabbed her bag and keys and marched out of the diner.
How dare they come they? She fumed, after sending her away at the point of reaching her life dreams and making sure she was grounded in a place as far away from them as possible while they  had their stupid honey moon during their late midlife crisis’s – how dare they come here.
A clean house? I will give them a clean house.
In a sudden foul mood Helen glared to where her truck was parked under a huge tree and met Timothy’s wondering gaze. When he saw her a small smile appeared on his face.
‘What do you want?’ she snapped when she approached where he stood leaning on her truck
‘Well hello to you too—who ruffled your feathers?’
Timothy always found her temper amusing. He used to say that she looked cute when she was mad. It only mad her madder- like it was right now.
‘Move away, I have to rush somewhere.’
‘Going to pound someone?’ he raised an eyebrow.
It wasn’t like she had a long history of beating up people—okay maybe that one time when she beat that road traffic police officer with an umbrella after he tried to blackmail her into a date with him.
‘I wish!’ Helen growled, oh how she fantasized many times of beating William with an umbrella, ‘now move!’
The man kept on standing there with an amused look on his face and even had the audacity to touch her. 
‘What’s going on?’
She gaped at him, ‘Timothy, what are you doing?’
‘Trying to calm you down a little before you go to that person.
She sighed, ‘I am calm enough not to deal with you at this moment Timothy!’ she said through her teeth.
He smiled, ‘that would be worth a show.’
She groaned, ‘why are you doing this to me? Why are you even here?’
‘I came to talk to you and then you came out of there like an injured bull.’
Helen blew out a breath, ‘I really have to go.’
‘You don’t want to hear what I have to say?’
‘Like you ever say anything interesting?’ she snapped
‘She’s still super mad.’ He muttered under his breath.
‘What?’ she asked impatiently.
He studied her face for a long moment and then said, ‘I came to tell you to pick up my calls and reply my messages, I’m not going to eat you.’
Helen scoffed, she had been ignoring his calls and messages and hoped that he got the hint but the man was insufferable. He suddenly made it a religion to call her very night and send at least five messages an hour.
‘Where the hell did you get my number anyway?’
‘I have my sources.’
‘Stalking is punishable by law.’
‘You would sue me?’
She narrowed her eyes at him, ‘in a heartbeat.’
‘Wow that’s just cruel.’ He feigned a wounded look.
‘Welcome to my world!’ she shrugged and pushed his hands off her, ‘see you around—preferably not.’
She walked past him and got into her truck. 
She watched him from the rear view mirror. She used to love him so much. But that was then. Timothy turned away from her as soon as he learned that she was not ready to give him what he wanted. All she wanted was a career and a realisation of her dream. When he proposed, she asked for more time and he had suggested that the relationship end.
That was another slice to her already fragile heart. Those were the same days that Casey had dumped Fred Lotman and Timothy had told her that if only he had listened to Fred about birds of the same feathers floating together.
A few months later, he just disappeared and she had to hear from Mrs. Lotman that he went back to Farmland. She sighed, clearing the hurtful thoughts away
Where was she going again?
Oh right, she narrowed her eyes at the road angrily and stepped on the accelerator.




27


BELLA WAS IN THE MIDDLE OF LOOKING for something to wear and mulling over Cylvia’s reaction to the idea of her and Fred dating. That was weird. She knew that they were close. The two met before he met her. But Fred surely wouldn’t have asked her out if he had been seeing her sister. That would just be so low and twisted.
But it still bothered her somehow
A small knock on her door brought her ought of her thoughts. 
When she opened the door she blinked at Helen’s face.
‘Helen what’s wrong?’
Helen pushed past her and flopped on the bed. Bella closed the door and came to sit beside her,
‘William and Gina are coming to farmland!’ she wailed, ‘I was so mad when I heard the news and Mrs. jones begged me to go a make the cabin ready for them—so  with a million wild thoughts running through my head I rushed to the house with the intention of trashing the place and then I just broke down,’
Bella nodded slowly


‘I CAN’T FACE THEM ALONE OVER THERE and not traumatize at least one of them.’ Helen said at the end of her story, ‘It’s still so fresh and real within me I thought they would give me space to work on their betrayal at least, but I guess not.’
Bella sighed, ‘I’m sorry,’
‘Thank you for listening to me as I rumbled on about my gory life story.’
‘Don’t mention it Helen I’m glad you chose to share it with me,’
Helen smiled, ‘sorry for budging in on you.’
‘hey don’t worry about it—in fact I am glad that you did show up I was still in the middle of deciding whether to call you or not.’
Helen cocked err head to one side, ‘what happened?’
‘It’s nothing serious—but I need something to wear.’
Helen scowled, ‘where to?’
Bella bit her lip, ‘to a date.’ She said slowly, the other had already reacted strangely to it she wasn’t sure how Helen was going to take it
She gasped loudly and placed both her hands over her mouth before squealing loudly and jumping off the bed with a huge grin on her face. Bella just had to laugh
‘Why didn’t you tell me that something was happening, because I am one hundred percent sure that it has.’
Bella rolled her eyes, she had to answer this question a million times today already
‘What?’ Helen prompted impatiently
‘I am not going to narrate the whole thing to you okay? It’s all so mixed up and complicated.’
Helen pouted and sighed, ‘well okay—someday you will—now tell me about this date and I can use the little that I get out of you to pick a perfect outfit.’
Bella chuckled, ‘well we went to deliver supplies at the Sans today.’
‘The Sans.’ Helen grimaced
‘A story for another time, so that’s when he told me that we should go on a real date.’
Helen grinned again, ‘real date? Tell me about the fake ones!’
‘Helen!’
‘What? I am gathering information about the perfect outfit you will need.’
‘There is no info to gather here—let’s just say we have decided to try this relationship, so no more interrogations please.’
‘Alright.’ Helen held her hands up. ‘Where is your wardrobe- or should I go and transport mine!’
Bella laughed again.


HELEN CHOSE THE WRAP AROUND DRESS that Bella bought just to prove a point to Cylvia when they had been forced to go for a shopping trip together. She never wore it and it was at the back of her closet. Helen practically gasped in delight when she saw it and grinned like a Cheshire cat when she finally saw Bella wearing it.
She couldn’t believe that this was actually happening. It almost felt like it was a dream. But it wasn’t. she flashed a wide smile when her eyes locked with Fred’s as she came downstairs, climbing down step by step as if she were moving in tune with some distant song.
‘My, don’t you look desirable!’ he breathed as he took her hand turned it and kissed her knuckles.
She smiled shyly, ‘so do you!’
And he did and she was glad that she could look at him admiringly without wondering if anything was wrong with her.




28


HELEN COULDN’T sleep at all, it was almost ten and everyone was sound asleep. Bella and Fred had not yet returned and no one camped in the living room to wait for them though Mar. Phillips was ready to do so. In fact, Mrs. Phillips confiscated his phone so that he won’t disturb the couple on their date.
She began to wonder what William and Gina were doing back at the cabin- she hoped there will be a bed bug invasion. She grinned at the thought.
She decided not to think about it- it’s not like they would come to the Phillips farms to look for her in the middle of the night. Or even in the day if they were in their right minds
They actually did because at eleven am the following day she saw William stepping out of a fancy car with Gina her mother. Helen’s mouth dropped open. Bella came and gently held her arm.
‘You never told me that your parents looked like movie stars.’
Helen sucked in a breath to show Bella that she was annoyed. Bella ignored her.
‘And how in the world did that fancy car survive Farmland’s rough roads?’
‘Do you ever have a feeling like you just can’t escape to another face of the planet without certain people around?’
Bella shrugged. ‘I can relate.’
Bella seemed to be on cloud nine all morning, Helen concluded that the date went well. They stared out the window as the fancy couple exchanged greetings with Cylvia and Mrs. Phillips.
‘Your mom haven’t changed at all—does she ever change?’ Fred came to stand at her other side sipping coffee.
She glared at him, ‘you should be careful of what you say to me at this moment!’
‘I didn’t say anything wrong.’
He shrugged, ‘it’s a compliment—your good looks should come from somewhere.’
‘Oh my are you hitting on my mother?’
‘She thinks you are hitting on her mother.’ Bella looked at Fred
Helen turned to Bella, ‘you can’t start a relationship by defending him that will cause complications in the future.’
‘I wasn’t defending him I am asking him a question.’
‘Of course he will deny it at this point.’
‘And I can’t help that you accuse every man of hitting on your mother.’ Fred said
Bella blinked, ‘can we not dwell on the twisted conversations please!’
‘Shouldn’t you be at the office?’
‘I’m offering moral support!’ Bella raised a hand as if she were in class
‘And I’m following her around.’ Fred said
Within few minutes, Gina and William were in the living room. They exchanged polite greetings with Bella and Fred and gave Helen the why-were-you-not-at-home-when-we-arrived lecture


WILLIAM’S ENTIRE domineer screamed arrogance and control freak. Gina was just like her sister Mrs. Jones, blissfully ignorant of everything. But she was slimmer and prettier. Mrs. Philips engaged everyone in the conversation naturally. Cylvia by her side. Mr. Philips was mostly silent and observant, probably collecting data for later.
Fred had gone out with the boys to wherever they went to avoid sissy social gatherings as they called them
Helen sat like a stump in the room- Bella began to wonder if she was breathing at all
‘Let’s go get refreshments in the kitchen,’ she whispered to Helen and they eased out of the room
‘Are you okay?’ Bella asked as she closed the door behind her
Helen closed her eyes, ‘I’m wondering which one of them I should throw off the cliff first.’
Bella snorted and laughed out loud, ‘and I thought I was the one with a screwed up thinking process.’
‘it’s just infuriating that they are even here—if they were going to dump me out of their lives they could at least stay out of mine don’t you think?’
‘Helen take deep breaths and stop looking like you are the hangman outside the court room.’
Helen raised an eyebrow, ‘what time line is the book you are reading nowadays?’
‘A historical romance why?’
‘That explains the hangman analogy but go on I’m listening.’
Bella narrowed her eyes at her, ‘anyway—stop sulking around and go through this knowing that they are not moving here—
‘I will try—where are the refreshments?’
‘Over here?’
Bella walked to the kitchen counter and began to sort out drinks and the like
‘So when are you going to tell me all the details of the date?’
Bella shrugged, ‘right now—we just ate and then came back home.’
‘And you wrote five pages of only that to Susan?’
‘I wasn’t writing only about the date!’
‘Well we don’t have time for an interrogation right now—so I will invade your room later.’
They carried trays of refreshments back to the sitting room where the conversation was still carrying on smoothly.
It was two hours later that Bella began to wonder when the abysmal visits was going to end. Cylvia then offered to give them a tour if they had time which Helen refused to go to. No one bothered her about it so they just left. Bella returned to the office and Helen followed her.
She pulled Fred’s chair and they chatted for hours about anything other than the infuriating visitors
Helen had suddenly become popular because of the dresses she made for Susan’s wedding. A middle aged couple out of Farmland were getting married and wanted Helen to design for them—this time an expensive one.
Bella was happy that she had something to do and won’t feel sucked up dry by Farmland. Helen also told Bella about a magazine that was interested in her designs and Susan’s wedding. Surprisingly. This Allison woman was becoming a familiar name of late. Well it wasn’t like there were so many writers in the village. And it wants like there really was anything to write about unless it was an agricultural thing
Even Officer David confessed to be bored- a rather ruthless and an unimaginable complaint, Bella told Helen, he was frustrated with files upon files of missing cattle, looted shops and deforestation.
If she had Officer David’s job her life would be perfect and no drama, Helen mused
They both laughed at this.




29


A DRAMATIC WEDDING. TWO FAMILIES who despised each other to the core were forced to be brought together by an accident. The community friends came together to bring them their dream wedding although strife and resentment still hangs in the air like a heavy cloud that is about to burst,’ Allison drew in a breath at the end of her long sentence, her cell phone pressed to her ear, ‘do you hear that Joel? The story is a social thing enough and is touchy enough—and before you point out my flaws and misconceptions once I am done with the interviews and the manuscript send me my bus ticket back to the city immediately.’
‘Is that a plea?’
‘no its not Joel, one story and that’s it—business ideas go down once in a while it’s the motto of existence—keeping me under this civilisation is not going to cause a miracle.’
Joel sighed at the end of her rumbling, ‘Allison your story is nice but it’s too common, I thought I heard that the villagers just buried their chief.’
‘The nice old man suddenly passed away from a heart attack Joel—what do you want to write? His life story?’
‘That’s a start!’
‘The man was a saint—there is no drama in all that.’
‘What about his family? He has three sons, which one do you think is going to take over the chiefly?’
Allison scoffed, ‘chieftaincy is not an inheritance Joel and who is crazy enough to leave their whole lives to be a chief in this village unless his children are also old men I don’t see the possibility.’
‘Allison don’t be in a haste to dismiss my point of view, stay at least a month.’
‘A MONTH?’ she shrieked, ‘are you out of your mind? I will become a cave man here!’
‘Cave women are the new sexy nowadays,’
‘You can do better than that Joel!’
‘A nice long vacation after this?’
Allison sighed, a vacation would be nice but the last thing she wanted to do was to get anywhere near that family. For the few weeks she had been in the village she learned how sensitive the people were and how they took that very sensitivity seriously. She imagined she might be stoned if she so much as miss a phrase.
‘Come on Al it will be fun I promise.’
‘I will think about it.’
‘You already are—just give me the answer.


TIMOTHY GRACE! ‘Gina marveled when she saw him. Helen had been holding her breath as they walked to the car. They would leave at last and everyone could get a break. Gina was almost at the car door when Timothy came to the compound
‘Hello,’ Timothy didn’t need to ask who she was—the two sort of already had established some in-law relationship in the past before the break up
‘It’s so nice to see you here—I didn’t know that Farmland was your hometown.’
‘Yes it is.’ Timothy said
‘How wonderful—its Helen’s hometown as well although she just found out—maybe you two can work something out.’
Helen cringed, why was this woman still here? Did she no care for her life?
‘Yes, maybe.’ Timothy’s answer made cringe even harder.
He said hello to William and before long Helen was waving goodbye at Gina and William as their fancy car drove away.
Timothy turned to look at her and she raised her hand to silence him, ‘before you even think about saying anything—yes my mother doesn’t seem to be aging—William seems like a nice guy and from experience I can tell you that he is not that is a hint to you to never ask me about him in the future if you value your life and lastly but not the least we are never getting back together and thank you for giving my mother the topic to torment me with for the next fifty years.’
Timothy nodded slowly and stepped closer to her she avoided the urge to draw away from him and pursed her lips, daring him to do anything she wouldn’t approve of.
She sucked in a breath when he ran his finger on the fading scar of her neck. ‘Your scar is fading—that’s good,’
She blinked at him as he drew away from her and went his way.
DAVID SAN himself arranged the brunch. He chose the rich green orchard. Mrs. Bridges had servants set a long table in the midst of tall luxuriant green trees.
Kenneth told Mrs. Bridges the food that needed to be prepared. Glenna (Mrs. San) was already there, she was wearing a long floral dress. She looked like an elegant duchess as she reclined at the table having a deep conversation with her first son David.
‘I am glad that your wife isn’t coming for brunch or to Farmland for that matter,’ she was saying, ‘if I have to see Ruu again for day especially with all that’s going on I will have a heart attack.’
David chuckled, ‘I just don’t get why women don’t get along.’
‘Because they are all the same,’ Kenneth said
Glenna was about to say something when her attention was caught by something. Kenneth and David followed her gaze and they all looked in astonishment as Jake approached them from the house carrying a large gift bag.
‘My baby son.’ Glenna rushed to embrace him, Jake let go of the gift bag and embraced his mother back
‘When did you come?’
‘I just arrived.’
Jake walked hand in hand with his mother and helped her into her chair before he turned to greet his brothers.
‘What’s with the big bag? You look like a refugee?’ Kenneth made fun of him.
Jake laughed, ‘I brought you all presents.’
‘Oh you didn’t have to.’ Glenna marveled
When they were still sorting out their presents, Jake unwrapped a hair band with little diamonds on it. They all paused and stopped to look at him
‘I heard that we have a little sister.’ He explained and they all laughed
‘Oh yes Hope- when you saw her last she was five,’ David said, ‘she is a young woman now.’
He spent three months in a row gathering information about their father’s unknown child. When he planned to finally confront the old man he dies.
Just then the lawyer Mar. Donald arrived. He was dressed formally as usual. He said hello to the family. David had invited him for the brunch—to have a private family meeting before the memorial service.
Mrs. Bridges announced that Mrs. Hope had also arrived. Everyone was anxious to meet her even under all this pressure. They just wanted to get everything over with and get on with their lives. None of them liked Farmland. They despised the small village where no one minded their own business and the simple lives that were led in the village so to speak.
They all welcomed her politely after David made the introduction. 
With all that said and done, Donald began to go through the important stuff with them about all the properties and the late chief’s will
‘So what are you doing these days?’ David asked Jake
‘Nothing much.’
‘You’ve been giving me the same answer for five years.’
‘Why are you always interested in what I am doing?’
‘Because I am your big brother!’
‘An annoying nosy one for that matter and that I do not need—and why in the world did you drag that poor girl into all this?’
‘She is a part of the san bloodline she needs to be here,’
‘I have a feeling you have one nasty drama all cooked up within you and I hope I leave before I witness it.’
David smiled, ‘always the suspicious one aren’t you momma’s bay boy?’
Jake scoffed, ‘yes, always.’


HELEN hugged her arms and began to cross the dust road. It was cold and a little turbulent. Winter was drawing to an end and the temperatures in the nights were murderous. She was the only one crazy to be walking around during this time of the night. But she needed something from the shop and couldn’t wait until the next day to get it.
A neon light struck her eyes suddenly. She covered her face with her hands and fell back when she tried to get off the road. The impact caused a burning paint to shoot from her bottom all the way to her head.
Before she could recover from that a cloud of dust gushed over her and she coughed while using her hands to wave it off as it settled down. She used her hand to try and wipe off dust from her face which didn’t help since her hands were also dusty. She hoped she won’t suffer a lung malfunction after all this.
When the dust finally began to tapper away she realised that she was sitting very close to a car in front of her. She blinked her eyes twice and the car was still there. She coughed out dust again and the car door open followed by a man who came running towards her.
He knelt in front of her, grabbed both her shoulders and began to gently shake her.
‘Are you hurt? Oh my god why in heaven’s name were you in the middle of the road during this time of the night?’
She tried to speak but only coughed instead. He helped her to her feet. That’s when she felt a sharp pain in her right ankle.
Great, just when she thought having William in Farmland was a nightmare long over—
She wanted to scream at the man holding her
‘Let me go!’ she demanded coming free from his grasp only to fall into him again when her painful let refused to give her some equilibrium.
‘What is it?’
‘I think I sprained my ankle.’
There had to be something about the Farmland roads that didn’t approve of her existence.
‘Come I will take you to the clinic.’
‘I don’t even know you. ‘She snapped, thinking of John.
‘Well you can’t walk on that leg.’
‘Yes I know that more than you do don’t you think?’
‘So what do you want to do?’ the man asked impatiently
‘The clinic isn’t a 24/7 service here—I just need to get home.’
‘Okay—where do you live?’
‘You are not taking me to my house!’ Helen declared
‘don’t be ridiculous, I can’t leave you like this on your own—okay maybe I can take you somewhere warm and you can call someone.’
‘Yes—William’s truck.’
He managed to help her inside her truck then came to sit on the passenger seat
‘You don’t have to stay.’ Helen said growing uneasy and also looking at him for the first time.
She took a few precious seconds with her mouth hung open while blinking at the same time. Simply gorgeous. She shook her head. The poor man was obviously a visitor and he almost hit her which was her fault completely he didn’t need to deal with another drama.
‘I’m not going to sue you or die if that’s what you are worried about.’ She mumbled as she dialed Bella’s number.
‘I’m not going to eat you.’ He looked at her and a ghostly smile formed on his lips, ‘well it depends what eating means to you.’
The subscriber you have dialed is not available at the moment, please try again later. It was the same thing with Cylvia and Fred’s number. She sighed and dialed Timothy’s number.
‘Helen!’ he answered
‘Timothy—I’m sorry to bother you but I need a ride back home.’
‘What happened are you okay?’
‘Yes I’m fine just sprained my ankle so I can’t drive.’
‘Where are you?’
‘At the shop.’
‘I’ll be there in five.’
‘Okay thanks.’
She ended the call and leaned back into her seat.
‘Boyfriend?’
‘No!’
‘No as in he is not the boyfriend or there isn’t one.’
She looked at him, ‘why do you care?’
‘Just curious.’ He smiled.
Helen shook her head and said nothing
‘Name is Jake by the way,’ he struck his hand to her
‘Helen.’ She shook his hand and did she just feel like electric currents ran through her? Must be the shock, ‘Jake I am so sorry I nearly caused you an accident.’ She said taking her hand back
‘I’m just glad you were not severely hurt.’
She nodded and said nothing.
‘So why didn’t you call William?’
‘Excuse me?’
‘You said that this was William’s truck.’
She blinked at him, of course there was no way a stranger would know William or that he was related to her unless she blurted out her internal referral to her car as William’s truck out loud
‘Oh. It belonged to William before he landed it to me.’
‘Oh, are you close with this William?’
‘I don’t like him a lot.’ Helen said simply
A slow smile spread across his face, making him to look even more gorgeous, ‘you are a feisty little thing aren’t you?’
Her mouth dropped open at his straightforward remark, ‘I don’t think I am going to like you very much.’
‘Something tells me you don’t like a lot of people very much.’
Helen scoffed and before she could form an answer, Timothy’s car pulled at the other side of the dust road next to Jake’s. Jake got out of the truck and spoke to Timothy for a few minutes before Timothy came to open her door.
‘Thanks for coming.’
‘What were you doing here this time of the night?’
Helen only shrugged as he carried her out of the truck. She hooked her arms around his neck and her gaze fell on Jake who stood leaning on his open car door looking directly at her. That should have felt creepy or annoying but her heart fluttered when their gazes met.
She didn’t miss the glare he shared with Timothy though as he put her in the car seat.
‘Do you know him?’ she asked Timothy as they were driving back to the Phillips farms
‘I know him too well—he is not a good person, he is dangerous.’
Helen replayed Jake’s face in her mind. The only thing she found him dangerous was gorgeousness and his face which she couldn’t stop thinking about at the moment.




30


FINALLY THE DAY of Chief San’s memorial service arrived and everyone was tense and uneasy about it. The San family were intimidating to the majority and most villagers wanted all this to be over so that they could return to wherever they came from
Bella, Helen and Cylvia came out of the house wearing pretty formal dresses and bonnets. Hoping that I would be a short day. Bella begged Mrs. Phillips not to make her give a speech again. Timothy never left Helen’s side because of her ankle. Cylvia asked Bella a question that didn’t ring so well
‘Are you and Fred going to show everyone that you are together?’
Bella blinked at her, ‘what?’
‘Villagers are curious people—as you know—‘
‘I got it,’ Bella cut in, ‘but its none of anyone’s business.’
‘Yes, Bella but you know that everything you do and any of us do affects our reputation.’
Bella couldn’t help it, ‘you are an old lady at heart aren’t you? I don’t care about reputation
‘But you must—and I just asked you a simple question.’
Bella shrugged and walked to Fred. She took his hand and smiled at him. Cylvia sighed with a sometimes-I-don’t-get-Bella- expression on her face.
Mr. and Mrs. Philips walked to the san compound shoulder to shoulder with the graces. Later they were joined by the Clays and George and his wife Catherine 
‘Bella Phillips!’ George greeted her, ‘how have you been,’
‘Good,’ belle replied, ‘how have you been yourself?’
‘Splendid.’ He flashed a smile, ‘Fred Lotman, how are you?’
‘Good,’ Fred nodded stiffly probably noticing that George was making Bella uncomfortable
‘Catherine.’
‘Belle. Fred, Catherine flashed a lovely smile, ‘aren’t these days crazy?’
‘Yes like every other day.’ Bella mused
‘I know right!’ George agreed
WHEN PEACE LIKE a river
Attendeth my way
When sorrows like sea billows roll
Whatever my lot
Thou has taught me to say
It is well; it is well 
With my soul
‘The book of Job says that naked I came from my mother’s womb and naked shall I return. The LORD gave a he has taken away. Blessed be the name of the LORD. The Psalmist described life like a fleeting hand breath, here today and gone tomorrow.
‘We appreciate the life of chief San. Not just because he was our chief and leader but he was a father to the fatherless and a shelter for the needy. He worked hard day and night to make Farmland a place worth calling home. We will never forget his acts of kindness and love and his god given wisdom.
‘we all sometimes always believe that the most influential people who tend to be a light to the world are to be found in the prestigious and highest places of power and honour. But chief San proved that being a light to the world doesn’t mean that you change the whole world at once. Sometimes change begins in the smallest community in the whole earth. A small community such as Farmland. We thank God for the life of chief San.’
The San sons were a phenomenal sight to behold. Even though most villagers disapproved of Chief San’s family, they still held some influence over the people. Kenneth San had a bright and pleasant countenance and easy going nature that made anyone feel comfortable around him. Perhaps he was the only one who inherited his father’s better nature. Jake San was the stubborn bad boy trouble making one. He earned the reputation and stuck to it. David was considered to be a male version of Glenna San his mother. He was openly ruthless, arrogant and autocratic in everything he did. He liked to bring people down under his level and happened to be sharp minded and smart behind all that cruelty.
As for the chief’s found secret daughter Hope San, she was excused from the stereotype because she did not have an ounce of Glenna’s blood in her.
The villagers politely greeted the family and shared their condolences. Mr. Phillips who was a very close friend of the late chief took his time to introduce his family one by one and share a little too much pleasantries with the family.
Mr. Grace also greeted the family but kept the encounter brief because Timothy refused to come along. Timothy disliked all the San sons, especially Jake whom he had his entire childhood to dislike and have fights with.
‘You need to grow up, both of you.’ Fred told him
‘Nope- when it comes to the Sans and those little bastards I refuse to mature.’
‘This is a difficult community to live in—it’s like one big messed up family with an entire scroll of disunities that can never be reconciled.’
Timothy laughed, ‘did I just hear you talk like Bella?’
‘What?’
Timothy laughed again, ‘that’s Bella’s line—oh my word, you two are already rubbing off on each other this is bad.’
Fred shrugged fighting a smile, ‘well Bella do come up with interesting lines sometimes it’s hard not to get hooked on a few.’
Timothy shook his head, ‘anyway I am happy for you—though I didn’t drag you to Farmland to snatch my best looking female friend—but since you are still good to her I will let it go for now.’
Fred smiled, ‘if I hadn’t come here I wouldn’t have met her—it makes me wonder what I was doing with Casey all those years.’
‘I told you crashes never work.’
‘Drop the philosopher act, it’s for grownups.’
‘Ah seriously!’ Timothy mumbled while casting a glare where the San sons were standing chatting with people, shaking hands and making cute faces at babies.
‘How is your ankle?’
Helen’s head whooped around to face Jake and her heart started that uneven beating as her eyes settled on his face. When did the man escape the throng of people who were surrounding him? She was keeping her eyes on him in order to avoid him for the entire event. So that didn’t work out so well
‘It’s terrible.’ She smiled, ‘I can’t even walk on my own anymore.’
‘I’m so sorry.’ He managed to look sincere, ‘I wish I can make it better in a heartbeat if I could.’
‘Oh hey it’s not your fault I’m the one who was prancing around the road in the middle of the night. And again, I had no idea you were Chief San’ son, I feel terrible for putting you in that position last night.’
‘So that’s why you were keeping your eyes on me? Because you figured who I was?’
He noticed? She wanted to crawl into a hole and hide
‘Oh I was going to avoid you.’
‘Why?’
‘Because this is awkward.’
‘Well forget the San part—we are not great people here—we have a terrible reputation.’
Helen smiled at the expression on his face
‘You are even more beautiful during the day time—I thought it was the moonlight last time,’
Helen shrugged, ‘I’m afraid that is all I have.’ She heard herself say above the sound of her drumming heart beat
‘I doubt that.’
Helen wasn’t sure whether to be appalled or fluttered that Jake was flirting with her. The man was a well-known beautiful thug- and that wasn’t a name she formed herself, Bella came up with it and it stuck to her imagination because it fit rather well.
‘I’m sorry about your father—I heard that he was a great chief!’ she changed the subject.
Jake nodded his eyes glued on her face, ‘heard? Does that mean you haven’t been living here for long?’
Helen shrugged, ‘I’ve only been here for a few months and a half.’
‘And?’
‘And what? I like it here it’s more quiet and small than where I lived.’
‘Is that why you moved here?’
‘No not really but it grew on me.’
‘Well I can’t say the same.’
‘Oh?’
‘Yes I know it’s my home town and all but I really don’t have good memories here—it’s like coming back to a haunted house.’
Helen smiled gently at him. She heard a lot of unpleasant stories about Jake San running from home at the age of fifteen but looking into his eyes at the moment while talking about deeper things strangers normally wouldn’t share she figured that maybe he must have been misunderstood like she was. She suddenly felt a strong urge to do just that.
‘Oh I’m sorry—this visit must not be easy for you.’
His mouth twisted into a sly grin, ‘at least I met you maybe it’s not so bad after all.’
Helen was about to say something when a familiar strong arm wrapped around her waist
‘Don’t count on it.’ Timothy said
‘Timothy Grace,’ Jake gave him a narrowed look, ‘I thought you had followed me to the city!’
Timothy faked a chuckle, ‘oh yes about that—well I came back to my senses eventually.’
‘That’s good to know.’ Jake’s little lopsided smile was not only mocking but almost sinister and it quickly turned into a sweet genuine smile when directed at Helen, ‘well see you around Miss Helen, it was an immense pleasure.’ He said and he was gone
Helen turned to Timothy. ‘What was that all about oh knight in shining armor?’
‘Rescuing you from the bad wolves.’
‘Oh what does that make you? The good one?’
Timothy scoffed, ‘don’t tell me his charming behavior has fooled you just now?’
‘Excuse me?’
‘He is not whatever he projected himself to be, don’t fall for it.’
‘Well I will be the judge of that,’
‘Okay—but don’t say I didn’t warn you,’
‘Just shut up Timothy and help me to the car.’
‘Yes ma’am, did I mention that you are still bossy?’
‘No!’ she snapped
‘Well you are still bossy!’
Helen said nothing—she didn’t need to explain herself to him anyway—why did it matter to him what she thought about Jake San.
When they got out the car, a young woman was waiting for them. Helen glanced at Timothy who looked like he was groaning in annoyance.
‘Oh no!’ the woman gasped, ‘that looks bad,’ she gestured at Helen’s foot.
‘It is—you must have mistaken your car with mine.’
Helen nudged him in his ribs, did he not get along with anybody at all?
‘It’s not a mistake, Tim.’
Timothy glared at her, ‘so what do you want?’
She ignored him and struck out her hand to Helen, ‘I’m Allison.’
‘Helen!’ she shook her hand, ‘it’s nice to meet you.’
‘Well it’s nice to finally meet you—you are the designer all Farmland has been talking about.’
‘Oh I’m not sure that’s
‘Oh I’m sure—I was looking for you but Shrek here wouldn’t let me get even a mile near you.’
Helen snorted at the ‘Shrek’ comment and managed to say, ‘why?’
‘I’m a writer for a magazine and we are featuring exotic small town stories this time, Susan Clay’s wedding is a nice story.’
Helen wasn’t sure she was comfortable with the idea of Susan’s wedding story being written by some city reporter who had no idea about the ways of Farmland. 
‘We don’t have time,’ Timothy cut in, ‘it’s been a long day.’
‘Before I go—do you think I can see you any time you are free?’
‘No!’ Timothy answered before Helen could open her mouth, ‘what is wrong with you I still can’t figure you out.’
Allison sighed, ‘okay I will see you around I guess, and Shrek, answer the phone I am not going to eat you.’ She winked at him and walked away.
Timothy grunted something about novelists being psycho freaks as he helped her in the car and was coming to the driver’s side
I still can’t figure you out. Helen replayed Timothy’s words in her head- that meant he’s spent a considerable amount of time thinking about that Allison woman. She shook her head, why was she thinking like this? She let Timothy go and she couldn’t have him back—why did she feel like strangling that woman for winking at him.
She looked ahead and saw Fred and Cylvia strolling easy towards the car. Cylvia was saying something and Fred was laughing so hard she thought he wasn’t breathing. Bella was far behind them chatting easily with Hope San. Helen scowled at what she was seeing. It was so clear that Cylvia really liked Fred—which was weird. Helen chuckled under her breath when she thought wildly that Bella would pull her hair out if she ever learn that she even thought that Fred and Cylvia kind of looked good together.
‘I’ll drive.’ Fred took the keys from Timothy and slid on the driver’s seat. ‘Hey how are you feeling?’
‘Like I want to strangle someone.’ Helen answered
Fred laughed, ‘your violent tendencies are becoming worse these days.’
Helen looked at him, ‘me violent?’ she said innocently then smiled, ‘well I can’t say that I haven’t done a thing or two.’
‘A villain who calmly admits his devilry is the worst kind of villain.’ Timothy said loudly
‘I know Shrek!’
Cylvia and Fred snorted and laughed, both of them saying, ‘how fitting.’
‘SO?’ BELLA prodded with raised eyebrows
Helen sagged and shook her head, ‘I don’t know what’s wrong with me, there is just something about Jake—I know he doesn’t really have a bad record or I am naturally just attracted to bad boys.’
Bella inhaled, she didn’t know Jake much personally either except that he used to have riots with Timothy back in high school. She always avoided anyone with a bad boy domineer ever since the incident with John.
‘Why do you think you are attracted to him?’
‘What else could it be?’
Bella shrugged, ‘well he is a very good looking man-
‘Oh please Bella, I’ve known Fred for ages and I don’t feel that way for him.’
‘What does this have to do with Fred?’
Helen gave her a pointed look and she laughed, ‘alright I got it—but seriously Helen, Jake is kind of 
‘Dangerous?’ Helen offered
‘Maybe.’
‘Well what do you suggest?’
‘I can’t tell you what to do you are a grown woman.’
Helen rolled her eyes, ‘ha very funny.’
Bella jumped off the bed and walked to her bookshelf
‘Are you going to give me a book that says how to deal with attraction to a bad boy?’
Bella scoffed while running her fingers on the spines of her paperbacks, ‘you actually want to go out with him.’ She muttered
‘No I just want to know him—and it’s not like I can freely talk about this to anyone but you—
‘Why me?’
‘You are open-minded.’
Bella scoffed again, ‘I want to read a bed time story for myself so if you could see your lovesick self out of my room.’
Helen’s eyes widened, ‘b-bed time story?’
Bella nodded and jumped back on the bed holding a paper back titled THE EARL’S DILEMNA
‘Does Fred know about this?’
Bella rested her head on the pillow and turned to look at her, ‘you can’t tell him, I want this relationship to last.’
‘Hmmn okay this information will be useful for me later I suppose.’
Bella sighed, ‘but seriously Helen, you’ve only met Jake twice—are you starved for affection or what?’
Helen threw a pillow at her,




31


STOP FLIRTING WITH VILLAGE GIRLS, you’ll embarrass me.’ David told Jake as he eased himself into the chair the late Chief San used to sit in
Jake didn’t hear him, he was far too shocked and enraged at what David had just done after the memorial service a week ago. Just when Farmland villagers were about to leave them alone the bastard took Robert Clay aside and – maybe it was Jakes’ wild imagination- but he was sure David black mailed the poor old man to step away from the Chieftaincy.
‘What in the name of trying to keep thing in the plant calm were you thinking David? I mean look at you—why do you even want to be a chief in this village anyway? It’s not even the monarchy of England for heaven’s sake.’
David lifted both his legs and placed them on the table, ‘why are you so worked out about it?’
‘Oh I don’t know—maybe I do have a little empathy for the poor small town folks that are going to have the devil himself as their leader. This village should just be renamed Hell land.’
David chuckled, ‘you are so dramatic baby brother—that’s why I like you—life is never boring with you around—but this is not a joke—our father was a great man here and I tend to keep it that way.’
‘Are you even hearing yourself?’
‘Well don’t you care about what our father worked for? I just can’t watch some other dude take all that away.’
Jake scoffed and his face twisted into a sarcastic grin, ‘what? I left this darn place because I don’t care about whatever he was doing here—why would I care now? God I don’t even know what he was doing here that has landed him on the great man chart David and quite frankly neither do you.’
David raised his eyebrows and said nothing
Jake shook his head and left the office


A MONTH LATER

BELLA WROTE TO SUSAN about the latest events after the memorial service. She wrote about how the villagers were shocked to learn that David San was the new chief and everyone was quiet apprehensive about the matter. She didn’t mention Helen and Jake’s predicament though. Helen was bend on knowing Jake she even interacted with him very often the whole village was talking about it.
She asked how the baby was doing and expressed her heartfelt wished to be there the day she or she will be born.
She folded the paper and stretched herself before she stood up to go for lunch. The paper work was crazy during this peak season. She took a step forward and Fred was in front of her
‘Let’s have a picnic.’
‘Do we have time?’
‘Come on!’
She wanted to remind him that the work load was too much for a picnic but the offer was too desirable to refuse,
In a few minutes he had already taken a basket from the house and they went to the little beach which had recently become their favorite place to hang out. As usual the atmosphere was soothing and calm. After a lovely meal and chat Fred suddenly seemed a bit uneasy with himself.
‘What’s wrong?’ Bella asked
‘I actually wanted to talk to you.’
When Bella didn’t say anything he took her hands and began to play with them absently
‘I’m returning to the city before Christmas,’ he began, ‘back to my original job—my partners need me back immediately.’
Of course he wasn’t going to live in Farmland forever. She had known since day one that he would leave but why was she so surprised.
‘Of course you should go. Your whole life is there.’ She mumbled the last part of the sentence. Her heart began to beat erratically, the thought of Fred leaving was excruciating, ‘when must you leave?’
‘As soon as possible!’
‘How soon?’
His hands stilled still holding hers and he held her gaze, ‘come with me.’
Her mouth opened and closed as she digested what he was saying. Come to the city with him? Like leave Farmland totally for good? - Okay maybe not for good but it was still leaving. She didn’t know what to think.
‘Bella?’
She wanted to take her hands out of his but he held them tighter, ‘I know I am asking too much of you and too soon but—I have never felt this way about anyone before I don’t want to be separated from you even for a moment.’
‘Me too.’ She managed to say, her mind still racing.
He looked even more nervous and he let go of her hands and shifted his position before he knelt in front of her with one knee.
Bella sucked in a breath, she hadn’t seen that coming. She just stared at him with her mouth hanging open as he took her right hand in his and squeezed it a little. This couldn’t be happening. 
‘Bella Phillips I have fallen head over heels in love with you since the day our eyes met in the living room, I know that it’s only been a short time together but nothing has ever felt so right before, I don’t want to lose you—I keep picturing you in my future life – I want to be with you for the rest of my life; marry me Bella.’
By this time she was sure that her heart had stopped beating. She was still translating the whole thing, -- marriage, move to the city—only a month before Christmas, a month before getting married. Leaving Farmland.
‘Yes.’ She finally said, ‘I feel the same way Fred, everything you just said.’
The smile that broke on his face was both breath-taking and adorable. He pulled her to him into a hug. She clasped her arms around his waist. She couldn’t believe this was happening and she felt so happy.


HELEN GLANCED AROUND BEFORE PRESSING the phone back on her ear
‘Aunt Can you say that again?’
‘some young girl was looking for you—she was almost hysterical—I don’t know what is happening Helen but in conclusion a few big scary men are not very happy with you.’
Helen sighed, with all the craziness that has been happening lately she hadn’t made time to meet with that particular girl who asked for her help. Helen naturally acted as if she had no idea what the girl was talking about. It would do her no good to become a well-known knight in shining armor. Maybe it was high time she took the whole thing to Officer David. 
‘I’m not sure maybe I have her change or something and as for the big men—I don’t know what they want just ignore them.’
‘Is that so? How is everyone there and when are you coming back home?’
‘They are fine—and I am not coming any time soon but I will drop by any time I can.’
With a loud sigh she walked slowly to the kitchen putting a little pressure to her now healing ankle. She wished it would heal any time soon because it reminded her of Jake. She couldn’t deny that she liked Jake, especially after spending some more time with him after the memorial service.
‘Hey where did you go I was looking for you its lunch time did you eat yet?’ Cylvia pulled a chair for her and she sat down
‘I was trying to escape the house but my leg refused to cooperate.’
Cylvia shook her head, ‘don’t worry it will be better soon.’
Helen flashed a small smile and looked over the food on the table. Cylvia was a brilliant cook. Everything she made was never less than mouth-watering.
‘Do you know where Bella went?’
Cylvia shrugged, ‘I’m not sure—they are very busy at the office lately—it could be work related.’
She wanted to tell Bella about the girls issue but felt that after what Bella once went through with John and being kidnapped she may be in danger again.
‘Do you think there could be traffickers around here?’ she asked Cylvia nonchalantly
‘It’s the new modern day slavery—awareness about it is made every day—why do you ask?’
‘I don’t know—I have been seeing a lot of young girls at odd hours at the diner lately—it made me to think about it.’
‘Could be naughty kids.’
‘Maybe—but what about the big men hanging around them?
‘Sugar daddies—I don’t know--- sometimes kids need discipline at their homes and this is a small village—things are always narrowed down.’ Cylvia said incredulously, ‘and that’s a problem because there could be terrorists and we will all think it’s just bad behavior—but seriously Helen why did you ask?’
Helen sighed and told Cylvia everything that he had been dealing with for the past months and the latest call from Mrs. Jones. At the end, Cylvia’s mouth was hanging open.
‘This is serious—what did you have in mind to do?’
Helen shrugged, ‘I thought of telling Officer David but then I just lost confidence in this town’s police department after what happened to Bella.’
‘Did you tell Bella?’
‘No I don’t want to put her in danger—you know how curious Bella can be.’
‘Yes—it always put her in trouble.’ Cylvia said with a sigh, ‘you know what—I will visit the diner and see what you are talking about—we will figure things out from there.’
Helen narrowed her eyes at her, ‘Cylvia Phillips I never took you for a potential James Bond type,’
‘It’s a hidden personality—and it must remain a secret I am now working undercover.’
Helen laughed and shook her head, ‘you and Bella are similar than I thought. It’s a wonder you never stick to each other like glue.’
Cylvia’s face grew sad
‘Oh did I say something wrong?’
‘No—it’s just that we aren’t that close anymore—it just makes me sad sometimes.’
‘But you are sisters—you should talk.’
Cylvia shrugged, ‘we try but ever since the time Bella came home late and we had a big fight it’s just been like this.’
Helen sighed, ‘I’m sure you will fix it the two of you—you should—you have no idea how I wish I had siblings even if it’s William’s.’
Cylvia raised an eyebrow, she didn’t know about Helen’s indignation for the man her mother married.
‘That came out wrong!’ Helen mumbled
‘He is your father by law.’
‘I don’t care—he is my mother’s husband and that’s all he needs to be.’
Cylvia was about to say something then dropped the subject.




32


HELEN GOT DRESSED TO GO HOME.  She was in a good mood. Her ankle had healed and the scar on her neck had faded. She rushed down the stairs with her bags. No one was in the house except Mrs. Philips and Charles arguing about allowance.
‘Allowance is not a right, it’s a favor.’ Mrs. Phillips was saying, ‘so you can’t demand it from me and especially not an advance pay.’
‘Yes but it’s an agreement and you are not acting your side of the bargain.’
Helen chuckled to herself as she rushed outside to her truck. She felt a warm sensation as she stepped into the full sunlight and there her bag in the back seat. The day had started fin so far, she hoped it will end that way.
‘So you are leaving!’
She turned to find Bella standing by the driver’s door with her arms folded.
‘Yes—believe it or not I miss that little cabin.’
Bella rolled her eyes, ‘well say hello to Aunt Betsy for me.’
Helen smiled and she couldn’t help but glance at the engagement ring on Bella’s finger
‘of course Bella,’ she said with a gentle smile,  ‘again I’m so happy you and Fred got to this point—Mrs. Jones is going to be hysterically excited when I tell her.’
Bella smiled and shook her head, ‘tell her I will see her soon.’
Helen waved goodbye and got in her truck.
Bella was on her way back to the office when a familiar woman suddenly materialized in front of her.
‘Bella Phillips!’ she flashed a wide smile, ‘I’m Allison.’
‘Do I know you?’
‘No—I’m a friend of Shrek’s I mean Timothy Grace.’
Bella’s mouth hung open before she burst out laughing, ‘oh nothing chaotic I hope!’
‘No. I’m featuring a story about the happenings of Farmland.’
That couldn’t be good!
‘Oh!’
‘Wow I’ve getting a lot of ‘ohs’ lately, this is one strange town.’
Bella just shook her head, ‘I guess.’
‘Well I will see you around—I just wanted to say hello.’
Bella nodded and watched her as she walked away. Strange woman. She was walking to the office when Timothy loomed in front of her
‘Whoa- that’s scary.’ She breathed out
‘I just had to see something!’
Bella cocked her head to one side and touched her face, ‘what is it?’
Timothy’s eyes widened and Bella saw that he was looking at her ring. It’s only been 48 hours since they let the people know about the engagement and some other people like Timothy were just learning about it.
‘How can you say yes to Fred and not tell me first hand.’
Bella blinked at him, ‘I didn’t know I had that obligation?’
‘You need to revise the meaning of friendship—I bet you wrote to Susan already!’ he managed to acquire an accusing tone in his voice
‘Well I may have mentioned the particular event.’
‘I feel so betrayed.’
Bella pursed her lips, ‘you are not happy about my engagement?’
‘I didn’t know that you are engaged—I had to hear it from Lloyd—yes that’s not so bad it’s not like he lives at the other side of the country.’
Bella folded her arms, ‘so what’s the verdict?’
Timothy smiled, ‘next time something like this happens, you need to let me know—who you think is going to be the best man at your wedding?’
Bella laughed, ‘I will take that as your version of telling me that you are very happy for me and you will let me go back to work now.’
Timothy flashed her a gentle smile, ‘go on ahead—we will continue this case later.’
Bella shook her head as she walked into the office.


HELEN PARKED THE TRUCK under the front yard trees. She jumped out of the truck and rushed to the house. Mrs. Jones would probably be at the diner already. Since it was still early she decided to sort out her room and then follow her there.
She turned the key in the door lock and pushed it open. Her mouth dropped open when her eyes landed inside the cabin. Her keys dropped to the floor. She opened her mouth to scream but only managed a shaky sigh.
‘Helen!’ Mrs. Jones’ ghostly voice startled her. She was sitting on a chair by the window. The chair was the only furniture left in the room—everything was gone. The house was empty--- not even a spoon left behind
‘Aunt what-
‘They’ve taken everything Helen.’ Mrs. Jones’ voice was distant and hoarse like someone who had screamed for way too long, ‘everything is gone.’
Helen rushed to her aunt and crouched in front of her, ‘what happened? Who took them?’
Mrs. Jones shook her head, ‘my husband left a lot of debts when he died. This land was not fully paid for but chief San had overlooked the whole thing and told me not to worry about it and just stay—no formal documents were signed or anything.’
‘What does that have to do with this?’
‘The debt is still outstanding—the books are being revised and the new chief is clearing all debts.’
Helen scoffed—David San, ‘buts that’s just crazy—this is just illegal. That man is sick someone needs to talk to him—the chief cancelled all debts didn’t you say?’
‘It doesn’t matter Helen—David San is the new Chief and this is the new normal—there is nothing we can do.’
Helen felt herself boiling with anger. She hated bullies especially those who tended to abuse power over the weaker population
‘Aunt, let’s go to the Phillips and we will figure this out. I am sure all villagers are talking about this.’
‘No Helen I don’t want to be a burden to the Phillips they are already looking after you when you need them—I have relatives who live in a nearby village—lets go there for now.’
‘You have relatives? How close relatives.’
‘Childhood friends,’
Helen sighed, ‘but you just can’t leave
‘You should come with me.’
‘No- we both can’t just leave and give up besides someone needs to run the diner.’
Mrs. Jones shook her head, ‘it’s no use—that was taken too it’s now the property of the chief we are not to be seen there,’
Helen stood up her fists clenched, ‘what?
‘Helen please pack my bag—I need to go—we will take your truck it’s not that far—if I stay here any moment longer I will have a break down.’
Bella suddenly began to feel uncomfortable. Not that she was comfortable before- but the creeping feeling came back again. She recognized it—something was wrong. She stood in the middle of the room no knowing what to land her racing thoughts on- maybe she was too curious about since when did Helen and Cylvia chat closely for hours. Something was up with those too and Bella had a feeling that it was something real big.
Maybe she was just apprehensive since she tried to mentally prepare herself to leave Farmland. She was scared to death about leaving and she was even more afraid that if she didn’t leave with him he may just leave her there. He had a career to maintain back at his home and he had to leave. Why did she want to stay in Farmland anyway? Susan managed to leave—why couldn’t she?
She sat on her bed—no, other than that something else was wrong seriously wrong
‘Bella!’ the rap on her door and Cylvia’s urgent voice startled her, ‘come out now.’
Bella hurried across the room and pulled the door open. Cylvia was already gone. She rushed downstairs and before she even reached the front door she heard a commotion outside.
It was barely six weeks since the chaos on Farmland. Since the chief died and David set himself as the new chief—and another chaos already arose?
‘Don’t go out.’ Charlie came to stand with her by the window
‘What is going on?’
‘The Chief’s guards are all over Farmland.’
‘What for
‘You don’t know?’ Charles looked stunned, ‘just before the memorial service letters were sent to all farms—they are revising the book of debts and land ownership and the record of tributes,’
Bella sighed, of course the San sons were bound to cause trouble. ‘But Charles—how come I never saw the letter? Don’t they come through the offices?’
‘They were private—I’m sure dad received them and never said anything.’
Mr. Philips was usually reserved and calm when he wanted to be but wouldn’t it have been great to warn them all about such a thing as this?’
By evening, they were all gone and everything was settling slowly like dust would fall spark by spark after a ravenous sand storm and there is that sick feeling of what was to be seen after the dust had cleared finally.
‘This is so unlawful.’ Mrs. Phillips was telling Mr. Philips
‘Yes of course it is,’
Mr. Philips agreed absent minded
‘I swear the crook of a lawyer son of his is behind all this—he is allergic to peace or something.’
Fred came and sat next to Bella on the love seat. He took her hand and squeezed it. Everyone was too shocked to speak except Mrs. Philips.
‘Some people have lost everything already, in a day- this is a small village and he’s trying to run it like a dynasty—this is simply outrageous.’
‘Mother,’ Cylvia turned to Mrs. Philips, ‘please calm down.’
‘But I am too upset.’
‘We must fight back.’ Gerald spoke as he came out of his thoughts, ‘a protest or something.’
‘Yes,’ Charles agreed as if he was having an epiphany.
‘We live peacefully here,’ Cylvia said, ‘I hope the villagers don’t think that they must fight back.’
‘If they don’t then they don’t have a mind at all.’ Mrs. Philips hissed
‘This is a political thing—who knows how many people are behind all this. What if the president himself is behind it all—there has to be a better way,’ Cylvia was desperate to calm down the angry people and their angry suggestions
‘Then we just silently take out the David guy or the rest of them as they come up.’ Charles said simply
‘Are you reading fiction too nowadays?’ Gerald eyed him suspiciously
‘Hey!’ Bella glared at Gerald
Gerald shrugged, ‘I didn’t say a solution wouldn’t come from those paper backs upstairs.’
‘Yes I’m sure I have a book that says how to not strangle your brother.’
Gerald clamped his mouth shut.
‘Okay- so all those in favor of assassinating David San say aye!’
 Charles raised his hand making a joke of it. Gerald lifted his hand followed by Mrs. Phillips. Cylvia’s mouth dropped open, ‘what is wrong with you people?’
Charlie and Gerald turned to Bella and Fred
‘What?’ Bella raised her eyebrows
‘To which side do you fall dear sister?’ Gerald flashed a sweet smile
‘I remain neutral.’ Bella said formally, ‘I refuse to be put in any position of for and against by a psycho city lawyer who I barely know.’
‘Bella you are not helping—why not just call him lawyer?’ Cylvia said
Bella shrugged, ‘how about the devil’s advocate.’
Charles smiled in approval, ‘yes and his guards are his evil minions. Nice analogy.’
Fred shook his head and exchanged a look with Mr. Philips.
Mr. Philips stood up and the room fell into a quick correct silence
‘Shall I listen to this foul conversation all night? - listen my people, we shall not incite such thoughts into ourselves. This is a small village and we’ve lived here all our lives—we do things the proper way.’
‘Protests are legal,’ Charlie said in a cool voice, ‘if there is a valid reason for them.’
They all look at him with hard lines on their lips. He knew better than to interrupt Mr. Philips when he is speaking.
‘we are going to clear the tribute list—the late chief san stopped tribute paying but the new chief wants it—it’s the law of the land and we are going to abide by it.’
‘Until he maybe suffers a sudden heart attack!’ Charles added
‘CHARLESTON PHILLIPS!’ Mrs. Philips cried his full name, ‘not another hate speech out of you.’
‘But mom—you just called him a crook and said he was allergic to peace that’s a very huge hate speech.’ Charles countered
Cylvia shot him an exasperated look, ‘Charles shut up.’ She mouthed at him
Charles shrugged and closed his mouth.
‘If any of you are found among the disobeying majority—well- I will not be happy about it.’ Mr. Philips stated and closed the family meeting. And so it was decided that the Philips family will remain at peace with the San family despite the circumstances.
‘Bella and Fred lets go chat outside,’
And that was the end of the discussion


THE NEXT VILLAGE AFTER FARMLAND made farmland seem like a small suburb. They were welcomed by a queer old woman who Mrs. Jones introduced as her childhood friend Mrs. boo. Mrs. boo welcomed them with a speech like;
‘I knew this was going to happen Betsy,’ she said, ‘I told you years ago when you married Per that the idea of living in that commercial farming village was futile—look now the man died an delft you with all this trouble. And oh that useless sister of yours is no good even as a reference to history—she should have taken you out at least when your husband died it’s not like she had anyone to feed she doesn’t have a family like you do,’ she looked at Helen, ‘and who might this pretty lady be? You never told me that you had a daughter.’
‘She is my sister’s daughter.’
‘Ah—Gina—has a child? Dear me I hope you don’t turn out to be like your mother—that incurable romantic selfish woman and we could be best friend.’ She huffed, ‘well if I live that long—that darn easy on the eyes doctor told me that I have some sugar blood disease or something like that and forbade me to eat half of all the foods I need to survive that man is no good at his job I tell you—and do tell me about the drama at your village Betsy I heard that one of San’s little rascal is causing chaos—Irish he had never been born—his existence is a scorn to the human race—he should just be locked up somewhere until he fades to exist.’ The woman laughed at her own joke.
Helen slid a glance at Mrs. Jones with a what-the-hell look on her face
‘I am leaving!’ she told her aunt that night when Mrs. boo had finally tired of speaking and slept off, ‘I just came to drop you where you feel safe—though I’m not sure how you will keep your sanity around your dear old friend over there.’
‘Where are you going to go? How will you survive?’
‘I have money aunt—I have a couple I am designing for and Mr. Phillips wants me to take over after Bella leaves—I have a plan, I will return to take you when I get settled.’
‘Oh don’t worry about me—I like it here—besides Bo has no one I think I will help her while I stay here.’
‘What about her children?’
‘She doesn’t have any—I will be fine and I do know how to use a cell phone.’
‘Okay- I will call everyday—I need to go back and give David San a piece of my mind,’
Mrs. Jones chuckled, ‘oh Helen—just be careful okay—I am glad you are living with the Phillips they are very good people.’
‘They are and I care about them very much.’
‘Extend my greeting to them.’
‘Of course and – oh because of all the commotion I forgot to tell you that Bella and Fred are engaged.’
Mrs. Jones gaped, ‘Timothy’s cousin.’
‘Yes.’
‘Why that’s wonderful—I will call Bella tomorrow and congratulate her—this is the best news I’ve heard all day.’
Helen smiled warmly, ‘I am so happy for them too.’
Her phone buzzed and she looked at the caller. Jake.
‘Hey!’
‘Oh Helen where are you? I’ve been trying to get a hold of you all day long.’
‘I was busy all day something suddenly came up.’
‘Everything oaky?’
‘Yes,’
It wasn’t like Jake truly cared right? His brother was behind all this after all and he could be an accomplice with him
‘Look I have to go I will call you later,’
She heard him heave a sigh, ‘okay—call me.’
‘Who was that?’ Aunt asked
‘A client.’ Helen lied, ‘I was supposed to meet them today but I couldn’t for obvious 
reasons, but I will see them tomorrow.’




33


THAT’S WHAT I SENT you there for.’ Joel yelled from her cell phone, ‘I knew that as long as that David San is involved there would be chaos—the man is the master of chaos I’m sure one of his ancestors was in the Shake Zulu army or something.’
Allison rolled her eyes, ‘is this some kind of revenge?’
She knew that Joel disliked David San after they clashed with him when they featured a story about his wife Ruu who had come on her own with a story to the magazine.
‘You don’t have to ask me that!’ Joel hissed, ‘every unjust and atrocious act of David San must be bored– I’m sure he is bullying those poor villagers.’
Allison just sighed- the stories were sickening. She also disliked David San but she was too furious that Joel dragged here to this uncivilized place for revenge.
‘Do your research Al, and you will have whatever you want after all this?’
Why did that feel like selling her soul to the devil?
BELLA DIDN’T KNOW MUCH ABOUT the Graces except the need to know things and Mr. Phillips opinions of course. She did visit them a countless times over the years.
Now she was going to visit them as he future daughter-in-law. Who would have thought? She mused to herself as she got dressed for dinner with the graces. Helen had send her a text message with every detail of how to dress for this. And where in the world was Helen?
‘You ready?’ she heard a knock on her open door.
She returned and flashed him a dazzling smile that was fully returned.
‘Bella Phillips you take my breath away.’ He murmured as he pulled her into him arms and planted a kiss on her forehead.
She felt a little nervous as they approached the house with Fred. They walked to the house hand in hand—the stroll was a bliss and the weather was calm and warm.
Mrs. Grace opened the door and welcomed them cheerfully with embraces
‘Wow that smells good but you shouldn’t have.’ Mrs. Grace took the wrapped desert from Bella, ‘I plan to spoil you tonight.’
Timothy sprinted down the stairs and pulled Bella into a big hug, ‘boy am I glad to see you.’
Fred held his arm and pulled him away from her before he wrapped a possessive arm around her waist, ‘I am not so glad to see you—why are you here?’
‘I live here.’ Timothy grinned, ‘and Bella didn’t you always say that you will never date a guy who is your neighbor? I am surprised that you are now marrying one.’
‘Timothy Grace—you will not make my guest uncomfortable by making such jokes.’ Mrs. Grace called from the kitchen
Bella flashed Timothy a too sweet smile, ‘when I spoke of neighbor I was thinking of you.’
Timothy narrowed his eyes, ‘I knew it—I knew you were evil.’
It wasn’t long before they all sat around the dinner table and began to enjoy the meal. They spoke about the least San crisis and Mr. Grace seemed to agree with Mr. Phillip’s point of view. Mrs. Grace was like an older version of Charles. Bella laughed so hard at the scene.
‘Women have become violent lately—when I was growing up—women were the peacemakers.’ Mr. Grace said 
Timothy looked at Bella, ‘I can agree with that father,’ and he turned to Fred, ‘have you two had a fight yet?’
‘Have we?’ Fred looked at Bella
‘I don’t like where this conversation is going.’ Bella mumbled glaring at Timothy who flashed her a cocky grin
‘Me neither.’ Mrs. Grace agreed, ‘don’t you know how to appreciate a spirited woman?’
‘My dear I have been appreciating a certain feisty spirited woman for the past thirty years.’ Mr. Grace said, ‘you don’t need to remind me.’
They all laughed


HELEN PULLED OFF HER DARK SHADES AND put them inside her long jacket pocket. She narrowed her eyes at the entrance of the jones diner, zeroed her eyes on it and began to march purposefully towards it. She decided to play the role of the crazy angry woman. On crazy person to another, David San will understand where she was coming from. A little breeze wafted past and tagged at her jacket.
She reached the door and pushed it open with an impact. A few diners paused and looked at her in astonishment. She marched straight into the kitchen and was surprised to see the number of workers in there. David San had brought master chefs with him. They exchanged glances when they saw her
‘Who is in charge?’ she demanded
Two cooks whom she assumed where in charge exchanged glances before they both pointed at the same door which was the office. Helen strode to the door- knocked once and pushed the door open. She didn’t care who was in there—even if it was David San himself. This was Mrs. Jones’ life work and it didn’t belong to them. She was going to fire the boss.
What she didn’t expect was Jake San in all his male glory perched at the edge of the desk with his arms folded and an amused look on his face.
‘Helen Jones!’ he flashed a wolfish grin, ‘that was quite an entrance. He ran his eyes from her don’t-mess-with-me heels, her tight formal pants and why did she put that bold red lipstick because his eyes lingered there a little longer.
‘I approve this look, especially the heels and the lipstick.’
She had always known that Jake was bad news behind the alluring package and even though they spent time together on and off over the past month she had never seen his in full bad boy mode before. 
‘Jake! What are you doing here?’ she managed to look stunned
‘I came to check on things—on behalf of the chief.’
Helen shot daggers at him with her eyes, ‘you—still came here and so confident you are—this is not going well.’ She inhale and turned from him muttering to herself, ‘this was not supposed to happen.’
‘Do you have any weapon under those killer clothes?’
She whirled around so fast and backed away when she noticed how close he was. Maybe too close. All the time they agent together he never tried to make a move on her and she almost tagged him as a respectable man with an unfortunate bad fall with reputation. That couldn’t relate with the present situation. She backed away to put some distance between them until she felt the door on her back.
Reminder for the next ambush; never shut the door when you invade a villain in his office or you won’t have a way of escape, she noted to herself mentally.
‘Stop,’ she demanded when he kept coming towards her closing the distance between them inch by inch
‘How may I help you?’
‘I wasn’t expecting to see you.’ She raised her chin, ‘do you also do every bidding that Napoleon tell you?’
‘That’s your opinion of David? A corrupt pig?’
Helen folded her arms, ‘that pig had more intelligence than he does—and I didn’t come here to talk I came to act—this diner isn’t yours, and I need you to pack and leave.’
‘Just like that.’ Jake looked like he was fighting a smile, ‘pack and leave—well you do look intimidating right now but that’s just too bad because intimidating women make me excited.’
Helen clenched her teeth together, ‘you—you are a different person right now.’
‘I am?’
‘I was beginning to really like you—I don’t like you right now.’
‘Same here.’ He peered at her ‘you look so tired have you slept at all?’
‘How can I sleep when an evil person has been unleashed into town? And what are you exactly—his secretary?’
Jake shrugged, ‘it seems so—what are you to David?’
‘His next nightmare.’
Jake laughed out loud
‘Where can I meet David?’
‘You can’t.’
Helen drew in a breath, ‘fine I will just go to his palace then—and Jake I never want to see you again and never call me or try to contact me is that clear?’
She didn’t wait for him to reply she turned to open the door and Jake’s hand closed over hers on the door handle.
‘I don’t have-‘she turned to lash out at him and froze when his face was inches from hers. She forced her eyes to look from his lips to meet his gaze. It was always dangerous to be attracted to a villain before you actually find out he is a villain first hand. 
His hand left the door handle and circled around her waist; pulling her body closer to him. She grabbed his shoulder and tilted her head upwards an accepted his kiss. Her mind was screaming at her to stop—to push him away and scorn him and his evil brother to the madhouse. Because anyone who acted like David was mad and belonged to a madhouse like the mad person he is. Instead she closed her eyes, not listening to her better senses she wrapped her arms around his neck and ran her hands up his strong back until they curled up on his shoulder blades.
Mission failed, she noted to herself as she kissed his back with all the bottled up passion like he was kissing her.


MR AND MRS PHILLIPS HAPPILY ANOUNCED to their children and the rest of the household that they gladly accepted a dinner invitation from the new chief of Farmland village. The living room fell into a stunned silence.
‘Is it wise to accept a dinner invitation from that tyrant?’ Charlie was the first to speak, ‘to eat what he has cooked?’
‘Charlie!’ Cylvia rolled her eyes, ‘David San is not a tyrant and he does not cook in the palace.’
Gerald scoffed, ‘that is not a palace.’
‘Why did he invite us?’ Bella wondered.
‘Many people have received invitations before—last time the Clays went.’ Cylvia told her
‘We are leaving exactly at seven, I you are not done by then, you will go as you are—no one is to be left behind.’ Mr. Philips declared
Bella watched as the day drifted to an end and trying but failing to not think about the diner party. At five, she was on her way to the house after the office hours when she saw Helen outside the house leaning on her truck.
Bella ran and hugged her. She was glad that Helen came and shocked when Helen told her what happened and that she will be living in the cabin. Bella looked at her as if she was crazy-not even a chicken lived there anymore.
‘He even raided the chickens?’ Bella asked in a low shocked voice—it was high time people began to question the man’s sanity.
‘Never mind that!’ Helen heaved a sigh, ‘I was wondering if I can join you to the dinner party with the Sans.’
Bella blinked at her, ‘what? You could stay here and avoid the make-believe night we are about to have and you want to go?’
‘I want to meet David San—I have to talk to him.’
‘And say what?’
‘What he needs to hear.’
‘Helen, you don’t approach Hitler and come out alive.’
‘Oh for heaven’s sake drop the nicknames, so can I come?’
‘Maybe you can just observe and study the kind of person he is before just appearing in front of him!”
‘No need to—all people like him are the same, the strong most certain stereotype that never falters—I am hoping to appeal to his better nature.’
Bella snickered, ‘try something else and if it happens that he doesn’t have one?’
‘We operate plan B.’ Charles said from the doorway.
Bella turned to glare at him, ‘Charles did you just enter my room without knocking?’
‘The door was open.’ He came into the room and sat on the chair next to the bed where Helen was sitting, ‘there should always be a plan B when dealing with a villain.’
‘Should I begin to worry about your violent tendencies?’
Charles shrugged, ‘it’s exciting that something is happening in this boring town, lets enjoy it while it lasts.’
Helen laughed, Bella just shook her head, ‘you know I will ask mom and dad and hear what they say.’
‘Of course you can come!” Mr. Phillips marveled, ‘but you have a motive?’
‘I wish to seek favor from the honorable Chief David San concerning my aunt’s business—I am sure we can come to a certain settlement.’
‘Is that so?’
‘I believe Chief San is a reasonable adult and we can come to an agreement.’
Mr. Phillips looked doubtful, ‘and you think you will receive this favor? You are going to negotiate with him?’
‘I am not one hundred percent sure—but there is no harm in trying.’
‘There could be.’ Mr. Phillips raised his eyebrow
‘I am still willing to try—who knows maybe he will heed my plea.’
Bella laughed so hard later when they were getting dressed for the dinner, ‘wow that was such a diplomatic answer. Even I was almost convinced that you are going for a peaceful settlement.’
Helen rolled her eyes, ‘you will see—anyway, enough about my mission 101—tell me how the dinner with the Graces went?
‘It was great,’ Bella smiled, ‘the Graces are wonderful people.’
‘Yes they are—I am so happy for you—did Aunt Betsy call?’
‘Yes she did—how is she?’
‘She is good—I am sure she will be very busy maintaining her sanity with that loquacious old woman who is her childhood friend.’
Bella shook her head, ‘you are impossible.’  She said, ‘Timothy was looking for you.’
‘Oh.’
‘Just oh?’
Helen gave a little shrug, ‘things are awkward between us Bella—and he never really speak to me much ever since I started hanging out with Jake San.’
‘I know—the two have ancient grudges—I hope he doesn’t see it like you are doing it to hurt him.’
‘oh please Bella Timothy doesn’t care about me that way anymore—it was over between us when it was—I was hoping we could be friends at least but oh well…’
Bella sighed, ‘oh well then.’
Helen bit her lip, ‘you don’t hate me because I like Jake not Timothy do you.’
‘What? Oh God no—your love triangle is none of my business—as long as no one gets killed that is.’
In no time they got dressed for dinner. Helen suggested they wear long skirts, with t-shirts tucked in and denim jackets or leather jackets. Helen said it was a fashion statement. Lon skirts said, ‘yes I am willing to be humble and modest.’ Tucked in t-shirts said, ‘I am a modern person of the twenty-first century’ and denim or leather jackets said, ‘but don’t push me.’
Bella and Cylvia were laughing hard as they came downstairs.


MR PHILLIPS DROVE THEM to the San compound. They were welcomed by Mrs. Bridges into the warm luxurious home. Mrs. san and her sons met them sitting room for a chat as Mrs. Bridges set everything ready for the dinner party.
Mrs. san surprisingly held a respectable opinion of the Phillips and the family. She was polite and willing to know more. David was also his best self—all polite and gentleman. Helen smiled at Bella as if to say that her plan was bound to work.
Helen avoided Jake’s gaze all the time. She didn’t need David to cook up some way to manipulate her. Kenneth was polite and reminded them all of the late chief san.
After a while they all reclined at the dinner table and the conversation continued. But no one dared to mention the current events that were taking place in Farmland. David told them that he indeed intended to settle in Farmland and move from the city completely.
After eating the party was moved outside in the beautiful san gardens. There were even musicians and all that stuff. 


HELEN STRODE PURPOSEFULLY towards David when she spotted him standing alone and watching the people mingle. It was now or never. She should not be intimidated by people like him. This was business after all. She promised herself to be on her best behavior.
Halfway towards reaching where he was, Jake suddenly appeared in front of her—blocking her way. She crushed into him and he held her there in his arms.
‘Helen don’t!’ he said through a plastered grin
Helen smiled back, noticing that David was observing them very closely, ‘let go of me Jake.’ She said through her teeth.
‘No!’ he hissed firmly through his grin, ‘come with me.’ He let go of her and held her hand.  
He ignored her protests as he led her behind a hedge, then through the sliding doors, down a passage, past doors and then finally pulled her into what looked like an office before he shut the door and turned to glare at her.
‘What are you doing?’ Helen glared back at him, ‘why are you dragging me around.’
‘I am saving you from doing something stupid.’
Helen scoffed, ‘excuse me?’
‘You think I don’t know what you were going to do?—that won’t work my dear you are just putting yourself in David’s too close radar.’
Helen gaped at him, ‘I was just going to talk to him.’
She felt annoyed that she even felt the need to explain herself to him
‘You don’t talk to your opponent face to face and show them that they have rubbed you off the wrong way—that’s a very bad plan.’
Helen folded her arms, ‘plan? Who says I have a plan?’
‘Wasn’t that the reason you came to the diner the other day?’
Helen pressed her lips together to erase what had happened at the office that day. In fact she shouldn’t even be talking to him, she was on a mission to avoid him. She was not the kind of woman who just went around with men she barely even know—but that day at the office diner proved otherwise. Maybe Jake was more dangerous than David San.
‘Why do you care?’ she narrowed her eyes at him, ‘this is not your concern.’
Jake chuckled and shook his head, ‘honey that’s where you are wrong—this is very much my concern.
‘Why?’
‘it’s simple Helen, David doesn’t like to be challenged and he heard about your visit to the diner and as the psycho that he is he wasn’t happy about it and oh he happens to like to get rid of problems at early stage.’
‘What do you mean?’ Helen tried to keep the fear that was stirring in her gut out of her voice but failed miserably
‘You are a smart girl figure it out.’
Helen drew in a long breath then puffed it out, ‘I am not afraid of him.’
‘This isn’t about you not being able to stand up to him.’
Helen groaned, ‘oh my god am I missing something here? Because I don’t get why you are suddenly into all this—this is my diner and my business and my grudge—you are not even in the equation.’
He managed to look hurt by what she said but composed himself quickly
‘You are wrong—David doesn’t care about little girls throwing their tantrums—you would be the least of his problems right now.’
‘Then what? You just said that he wants to hurt me.’
‘He does now.’
‘Because he is a psycho!’
‘Because hurting you hurts me.’
Helen’s mouth hung open for lingering seconds and then she started backing away with her palms spread in the air at him
‘Just rewind and freeze—that doesn’t make any sense.’
He raised an eyebrow and after sinking his hands in his pockets started advancing towards her.
‘It shouldn’t make sense—but it’s reasonable and could even be beneficial for both of us,’
‘What?’
Jake stopped and sighed, ‘I think we can work together to stop David from destroying Farmland.’
Helen cocked an eyebrow upwards, ‘what? Wait – wait a minute--- did I hear you correctly?’
It wasn’t a new thing that brothers plotted each other’s downfall but still why was she so shocked.
‘Why?’ she asked him, narrowing her eyes suspiciously
‘well—this village is what my father worked for—I don’t like it here but I won’t let David ruin my father’s legacy because he such an insatiable dump head—it’s the least I can do for my father—return the peace of Farmland.’
Helen was so shocked her hands fell at her sides and she could not close her hanging mouth
‘The-that is none of my business.’ She finally managed to speak, ‘you should fight your own battles—I have my own problems to deal with and—‘she paused, ‘how do David see me and you.’
‘You haven’t figured that out yet?’
‘You care about me?’
‘Care is an understatement Helen, I really like you… we have something between us that can’t be ignored any longer.’
Helen felt all the air leaving her lungs, all this just because she was stupid enough to take a walk at nine pm in the night. The thought of being in a relationship made her head to spin—they all ended the same way. She used to care about Timothy but it all ended anyway. She was not going to put herself in that kind of situation again—she had other things to do with her life than to invest something as precious as her heart to any human being.
‘No! That’s just wrong, you can’t be serious.’
He smiled, ‘well I don’t go around making out with women Helen.’
‘Well maybe one of us do because I don’t feel about you that way.’ She looked anywhere but him
‘You are lying—why didn’t you stay away from me when everyone told you that I am dangerous?”
‘Because I am an idiot?’
She knew he was right—all that time she spend with Jake she really liked him as a person he never bothered to show the rest of the world. But she would rather go to her grave twice before she admits that she was falling in love with Jake San.  
‘Helen—
‘Leave me alone—I don’t want anything to do with you Jake San!’
She brushed past him as she bolted out of his office or whoever it belonged to. Soon she was outside where people were still mingling and enjoying the dinner party.


BELLA FINALLY SPOTTED Helen as she came to join everyone else by the fire. She was so relieved to see her—the party was not ending and she needed someone to persecute the new chief with
‘Where were you?’
Helen shrugged nonchalantly, ‘I was looking at the rest of the garden—the late chief has quiet a sense of beauty.’
Bella smiled, ‘yes he did.’
‘So what did I miss?’
‘Nothing much—no one has mentioned the raids and its now almost nine and the dinner we ate is about to get finished we will be hungry again.’
Helen laughed, ‘can’t we just leave.’
‘And face Mr. Phillips wrath—I don’t usually take pleasure in inflicting such pain on myself.’
‘It’s better than to stay here any moment longer,’
Bella narrowed her eyes at her, ‘what about your mission.’ She teased.
‘Postponed—there are too many witnesses—assassins don’t work like that.’
Bella snorted, ‘now you sound like Charles—but don’t worry—David spoke of one last dance song and we all call it a night.’
Helen sighed, ‘okay—I guess a few more minutes wouldn’t hurt.’
Soon the last song began and they danced as couples. Mrs. san pulled Gerald for a dance and Charles pressed his lips together
‘Don’t you dare?’ Cylvia growled at him warningly
‘Laughter is good for the heart.’ He replied.
 ‘Charles, dance floor now!’ Bella said in a commanding voice as she pulled him for a dance.


HELEN SMILED warmly as she watched the people dance and Cylvia sighed beside her
‘This dinner turned out well.’ She remarked
Helen managed a shrug, ‘you mean no one pulled out the jury.’
‘Yes—such pretension.’ Cylvia said, ‘there is so much going on behind the scenes you know.’
Helen immediately thought of Jake, ‘you don’t say.’
Helen raised her head and felt a tingling cold shiver down her spine when David San approached them. He exchanged a polite but brief chat with Cylvia before she ran-a-mile. David turned to look at her—she felt a sharp cold run through her bones. Up-close and personal the man was scary.
‘Miss Helen Jones.’ He began, ‘I thought I recognized that name from somewhere.’ He smiled, ‘are you a relative of Mrs. Jones.’
Helen flashed him a token smile—somewhere between anger and fear
‘Yes she is my aunt.’
‘Oh it’s a pleasure to meet you—Mrs. Jones has been a resident in Farmland for a lifetime—it’s sad that she had to leave on such short notice.’
How did he know that her aunt left Farmland?
As if knowing that Helen was shocked that he knew he added, ‘I know everything that happens in Farmland my dear—it is my job as the leader.’
Helen swallowed. She wondered who spied for him and what exactly did the spies look like.
‘sensible people adhere to changes Miss Helen—but I like that you are spirited – you will need to be if you are going to be a part of our household.’
Helen’s jaw dropped open, he grinned and even had the audacity to touch her. Well almost touch her because another hand came from behind her and gripped David’s wrist hard he gasped in surprise.
‘Don’t touch her.’ Jake said in a smooth voice as he easily slipped his free arm around her waist, ‘keep your paws to yourself.’
David pulled his hand out of Jake’s grip and chuckled in a devilish way, ‘oh this is just going to be exciting—it was a pleasure to meet you Miss Helen, until next time.’ And he walked away
Helen hoped she won’t ever see him again even in another lifetime.
‘Why did you run off?’ Jake turned her to look at him
‘I just told you to leave me alone.’
‘No.’
‘Why?’
‘Because you don’t mean it—you are just afraid and I understand that Helen—I do.’
‘What do you know about that?’
Yes they have had long chats and in one of them—okay in most of them Helen poured out her heart to him and disclosed things.
‘I know that your father never wanted you—your mother chose a man over you and that man bullied you—and that when you told the man that you loved that you were not ready for what he wanted he left you as well—but I am not going anywhere—even if you chase me.’
He looked so sincere she almost believed him
‘But we will deal with that later—right now you need to listen to me because this is important.’




34


THE FOLLOWING DAY, everyone was talking about the dinner—Bella avoided the topic. Nothing was fancy about it—the San sons were not far from insane. Mrs. San scared the creeps out of her better senses. Helen was acting strange—somewhere between fear and anger. After all that she had to return home and as soon as the sun rises people were talking about starting her wedding preparations. The excitement was palpable and the whole day drifted as they were talking about the venue, the dresses and Cylvia was thrilled about being in charge of the cousin.
Three days later—Fred told her that his mother was coming to meet the family and her in particular.


HELEN THREW HERSELF on the small couch she had managed to buy and closed her eyes—David’s face flashed in her mind and she opened her eyes. She sat up and glanced around the room. Yes David san was a psyche- a real novel, movie type madman, mad enough to send thugs after her? She groaned she was letting Jake’s words get to her. He told her to stay with the Philips and to never be alone. The man was trying to control her life.
A knock on the door startled her—she leapt off the couch and stood erect in the middle of the room and stared at the door. The knocking got hasher.
‘Helen open the door!’
Helen blinked at the door—Timothy? What was he doing here?
‘Helen I know you are in there!’
She was a little relieved that it wasn’t one of David’s thugs but still annoyed that it was Timothy. She yanked the door open and glared at him. Timothy looked like words were about to fail him
‘Helen you—what the hell—why are you here?’
Helen raised her eyebrows, ‘I live here!’
Timothy pressed his lips together disapprovingly, ‘this place was raided days ago and you live here? There is no longer anyone who lives within miles close to this place and you are here all by yourself.’
Helen folded her arms, what right did Timothy have to come and yell at her as if she was a little child?
‘What is it to you—what do you want?’
He shot daggers at her with his eyes and pushed past her to get inside
‘Hey I never said you can come in.’
His eyes fell on the couch and his jaw tensed before he whirled around to land fiery eyes on her. She had to admit that she still found Timothy very attractive—well the man was attractive it couldn’t be helped.
‘So you are running around with Jake San now?’
Helen couldn’t believe it, ‘excuse me?’
‘You heard me—everyone is talking about it—that you are the future princess of Farmland—even David San recognized your closeness with his brother and has out the whole thing down on the table.’
‘What’s your point exactly?’
‘Of all the people you could date—it had to be him.’
‘Jake and I are not dating!’
‘oh please Helen—don’t lie to yourself—everyone saw him all over you at the dinner party and all over town—just why are you doing this have you given up on your life?’
Helen felt hurt and anger bubbling within her. How dare he come here to judge her about whom she is dating—they were not even friends for Pete’s sakes?
‘Who I date is none of your concern! Just leave me alone.’
‘I can’t do that.’ His voice rose, ‘I just can’t watch you get involved with the San thugs—I just can’t Helen so don’t even expect that from me.’
‘Why?’
‘Helen I—I care about you.’
To say that she was shocked was an understatement, ‘you care about me?’ she let out a fake laugh, ‘you left me!’
His eyes softened, ‘I thought that’s what you wanted.’
Helen felt a lump in her throat, ‘you thought!”
‘Helen I thought you didn’t want me in your life the way I wanted you—I didn’t want to suffocate you-
‘I just needed time Timothy—I wasn’t ready to get married—I had issues in my life and I was going through a lot—I didn’t reject you I just wasn’t ready to take that step—you didn’t even try to hold on to me – you just left when you couldn’t get what you wanted—like everyone else in my life.’
Timothy froze for a long moment and when he spoke his voice was thick, ‘I—didn’t see it that way—I just—I didn’t mean to hurt you.’
‘But you did Timothy and now can you just leave me alone—
‘So you really care about him?’
‘Jake is not the person you portray in your little rumor circles.’
Timothy scoffed, ‘the people know better.’
‘You need to be close to someone to know better—you just don’t live by your own perspective of things—it turns out messy at the end.’
Timothy sighed, ‘can I convince you to go to the Phillips at least?’
‘No—I am here for a reason Timothy just leave.’
He was silence for a while, ‘is he coming here?’
Helen’s eyebrows shot up her face, ‘seriously? You need to leave.’
‘You didn’t answer my question.’
‘I am not going to answer it—I am not to answer to you—just leave.’
He looked at her for a long moment before he took a long stride and crashed his lips on hers. Helen gasped in shock and stepped away from him.
‘You—
‘I am not giving up on you either Helen—I made a mistake at first but if you give me a chance it will work out between us,’
Helen scowled at him shaking her head, ‘Timothy-
‘Don’t!” he raised his hand to silence her, ‘I will see you around—lock the door behind me.’
And he was gone. Helen stood there for a moment confused and her mind reeling.
Now that was a drama she didn’t need.


THE MOMENT BELLEA LAID her eyes on Margaret Lotman she began to feel self-conscious. The woman was picture perfect. She could be a movie star. Bella had never seen such a beautiful person in her life. Except Fred of course. Now it made sense where he got all the looks from. Mrs. Lotman seeped stray strands of hair from her face and fixed her trench coat over the cocktail dress she was wearing. Her strappy heels sunk into the soil as she tried to walk forward and she glanced at where the parked car was in disdain before she blew out a loud breath.
Bella absently smoothed the skirt of her simple floral summer dress and she refused the urge to look at her pumps. She didn’t even want to think about what her hair must seem like in the simple French plait it was in.
‘My son!’ Mrs. Lotman embraced Fred and placed both her hands on his face and gave him an admiring look,
‘Mother—I’ve missed you.’
Mrs. Lotman managed to look cute when pouting ‘lire—you rarely even called me or replied my emails, I shouldn’t have let you travel so far.’
Fred chuckled before he let go of his mother and turned to Bella who was awkwardly standing at the side wishing to be transported to another timeline.
Fred came and took her hand and they stood iron of Mrs. Lotman, ‘mother—meet Bella, my fiancée’
Mrs. Lotman flashed a smile and Bella was still looking at the most perfect white teeth when she said, ‘Bella Phillips, I have heard so much about you—he was right when he said he couldn’t describe how beautiful you are.’
Bella felt heat going to her face, ‘hum
‘And before you say it—no you haven’t heard a lot about me, Fred is not much of a talker.’
Bella smiled back at her, ‘well it’s a pleasure to meet you. I trust your journey to Farmland was less surprising!’
Mrs. Lotman chuckled, ‘at least somebody understands what I went through—Fred assured me that he’d booked a comfortable bus—it was far from what I expected—and I still don’t understand why you wouldn’t let me drive—I’ve been driving even before you were born,’
Mrs. Lotman talked about the journey as they drove to the Phillips Farm. The bus driver played rigorous music, he should have a heart attack. Farmland looked deserted, why are all the people relocating. Why do the shops look like murder sites? Why was Fred driving such a car? He could afford a better one. When was he coming back home—he didn’t belong here.
‘Casey was asking about you—she told me to extend her greetings,’
Bella stiffened in her seat. Casey was Fred’s ex-girlfriend, if she was anything like Mrs. Lotman she was probably a stunning model.
‘I haven’t spoken to her for a long time.’
‘You should call her sometime—she misses you—you two are childhood friends can’t you just forgive her?’
Bella felt her heart drop—Mrs. Lotman was obviously fond of Casey. And most importantly, Casey and Fred had been together for a very long time.
‘Mother just drop it—Casey and I are over I have moved on with my life.’
‘You call this moving on?’ Mrs. Lotman’s voice rose as she gestured at the vast grassland of Mr. Clay’s farm as they passed by, ‘you left the company by itself all these months and I had to cater for it while you hid out here in this jungle—you never even bothered to check if everything was going well—I was frightened that you may never come back.’
Fred heaved a sigh, ‘mother please—can we have this conversation later?’
‘Fine.’ Mrs. Lotman mumbled and then turned to Bella because they were sitting together in the back seat, ‘so why don’t you tell me everything I need to know about Farmland and later I can tell you all you need to know about Fred Lotman.’
‘Mother!’


SHE SPENT THE WHOLE MORNING working on her new client’s wedding designs. The couple was happy with her taste and she was willing to put a little more effort into it to gain more clients. She needed the money since she decided to fight for her rights. That wasn’t going so well.
When she was done, midday later she put her things away, locked the cabin and got into her truck to see Bella. Bella sent her some kind of SOS last night and Helen knew it was because of Margaret Lotman. The woman was high maintenance to be around but she wasn’t an evil person—just a bit too straightforward. They decided to meet at the diner. Helen wasn’t quite done with her protest yet.
‘Seriously Helen you are a glutton for trouble.’ Bella said as she looked around the diner, ‘but the man does have taste this place seems classier for a village eating place.’
‘Yes says the girl who has been eating here since she was born—where is your loyalty people?’
Bella chuckled, ‘loyalty has left the building.’
Helen scoffed and smiled, ‘okay so spill it—what was the hysterical message about?’
Bella shrugged, ‘it’s crazy but—maybe I shouldn’t take it too personally but in just one day I felt so wrong for Fred.’
Helen’s eyes bulged out, ‘see that again.’
‘I told you that it is crazy.’
‘Crazy you are insane—completely lost your mind—I have never seen people more fitting for each other than you two—what happened exactly?’
Bella sighed, ‘Mrs. Lotman started talking about Casey and then
‘Wait rewind there—she said what about Casey?’
‘How she and Fred were life friends, how she was sorry and wanted to make it up to him.’
Helen chuckled, ‘I can imagine—Margaret is very fond of Casey—sorry she had to say that in front of you, but it has nothing to do with you and Fred.’
‘I know—but it still upset me a little and I just wanted to talk about it so that I don’t keep it in and let in poison me—thank you for listening.’
‘Any time sweetheart—look, concentrate on your wedding and stop worrying about being right for Fred, the man practically worships where you walk.’
‘Oh my god that just sounds wrong.’
‘Should I make it vies versa.’
Bella laughed, ‘no let’s leave it at that and I do feel a little better—now why don’t you tell me about what you have been cooking up, there are so many stories roaming around and I had rather hear it from you.’
Helen wore a devilish grin, ‘should I start from the beginning?’
Bella blinked, ‘okay you have my attention.’


BELLA WAS STILL REELING FROM all that Helen had told her when she entered the kitchen and found Mrs. Lotman sitting on one of the bar chairs with a cup of tea in her hands
‘How is that other side of the town?’
‘Close to being civilized—I can take you there whenever you are ready,’
Mrs. Lotman waved her off, ‘nah—I rather see the little beach Mrs. Philips has been telling me about. They said that it was your little territory so I waited so that you can take me yourself.’
That confirmed that they had a long chat about Bella until they ran out of conversation and had to talk about the little sand patch in the bush
‘Sure—you want to go now?’
Mrs. Lotman smiled....’yes, right now.’
Throughout her life in Farmland, the walks to the little beach had always been a peaceful walk. Stillness and peace built up with very step she took towards it. Her better senses would gain the upper hand if she happened to be upset or hurt. It was more like her personal road to calmness. But the walk with Margaret Lotman felt like she was holding on to a landmine that was to go off at any moment in her hands and end her life.
‘The aura of this village is very comforting isn’t it?’
‘Yes it is!’ Bella agreed
Mrs. Lotman sighed, ‘I was so worried when Fred told me that he’ll be coming here for a long vacation… he was raised to do great things I didn’t think he’d handle being away from all that.’
‘You have to understand that I was even more worried when he told me that he met someone he liked and don’t even remind me how I took it when he said that he was engaged. I thought he was going to live here forever.’
Bella didn’t know what to say to that. Farmland was her home--- the only place she ever knew—there was nothing wrong with Farmland.
‘Do you really want to leave your hometown and your family Bella?’
‘I don’t understand!’
‘Are you aware that you will be living a completely different life when you marry Fred? A lot will have to change—you will have to adjust to a lot of things. My son is upper class in the social hierarchy over there—everything he does is scrutinized and this village is not the only place where people thrive to maintain a certain reputation.’
Bella blinked into space and said nothing
‘I just thought I should warn you before hand—Fred wouldn’t tell you these things—he is too madly in love with you to think beyond that.’
Bella sought for appropriate words. ‘I am not the one you wanted.’
She sighed, ‘honestly I wasn’t expecting him to find a wife here—I thought he’d be with someone who understands his way of life, someone more-
‘Fitting!’ Bella finished with a whisper
Of course Bella knew, to some extent that Fred was something back over there. She just never thought about it long enough. She thought just love was enough?
They arrived at the little beach as sat on the warm sand.
‘Wow—it’s really a sight here!” Mrs. Lotman marveled
Yes it was and she felt sad that she was going to leave it behind.
‘My intention is not to upset you Bella! I just needed you to understand.’
Bella felt a lump in her throat, ‘I understand your point Mrs. Lotman, I will support Fred in every way that I should.’ Honestly she didn’t understand a thing.
Mrs. Lotman smiled, ‘you really are the beauty with the brains—that’s a start.’
The walk back to the house was full of those useless topics. When they got to the house, Cylvia had already prepared diner. They all reclined around the table. Mrs. Lotman went with Mrs. Philips to the graces just to chat and catch-up. Charles was telling them about the latest David san ambush.
Later on Helen arrived with her bags and everyone was thrilled that she decide to leave that creepy cabin o her.


BELLA WROTRE TO SUSAN ABOUT THE LATEST EVENTSIN FARMKLAND. She wrote about the San crisis. Yes it was now officially named the San crisis. She wrote about Helen and Jake finally and she knew Susan would lash out at her for withholding such crucial information from her all this while.
She wrote about her wedding details and how she wished Susan was there. Things are very dramatic in Farmland more than ever. Bella could not imagine having to leave all this behind. But oh well love did that to people sometimes.
















PART FOUR


LEAVING
So now the chaos from the chief’s family has been established, and as if life has a mind of its own and is addicted to drama, another issue has to come into the picture and it’s not because I want to write a part four but because that’s just how it is in Farmland.
Anyone think I should have titled the story THE DRAMA OF A SMAL VILLAGE?




35


YOU CANT WRITE ABOUT A WEDDING!’ Joel barked into her ear through the phone speakers, ‘if you mention a wedding again I will marry you off to any bachelor I choose.’
Allison sighed, ‘I am beginning to think that you hate weddings—but you are missing the picture here Joel, I thought you were the smart one between the two of us. Besides this is a different wedding.’
‘Of course its different do people have weddings twice in a year?’
‘Joel stop screaming and listen to me—I hate this San family scandal in Farmland—we write social events not politics—I don’t think this is our story—I am sure the Herald will be most grateful when we tip them off but I have an exclusive socialite story that could work for us.’
‘Don’t lecture me—I ask you to do one thing and you already up there having your own ideas.’
‘Do you want to hear this or not?’
With an impatient sigh he complied, ‘this better be good I am already googling the list of suitable bachelors.’
‘Google Fred Lotman.’
‘Who is he? Is he a movie star?’
‘No even better—he is a designer,’
‘Not ringing any bells Al are you sure you are not mistaking identities?’
Joel knew most famous designs but not the designers, maybe he wasn’t that smart after all.
‘Does the word Lot look ring a bell?’
It should. Joel had been trying to get a story on that famous brand design for years but the mysterious master mind behind the fashion was never found.
Joel laughed, ‘are you trying to tell me that the country’s most famous designer whom we don’t really know yet because he or she likes to play mysterious actually lives in Farmland?’
‘Yes.’ Allison answered simply
‘Get some sleep Allison—no in fact get some help you are delusional.’
‘I did my research—and this will not have anyone after our heads—zero regrets—the famous designer himself is getting married this month and will be returning to the city—I have better chances to interview him here.’
‘I don’t believe you—let me do a research of my own—in fact send me all your research details to convince me.’
‘I thought you were doing your own research!’
‘Send it ASAP!’
Allison lowered the phone and glared at the screen, ‘ugh, the man is an ungrateful tyrant!’ she muttered irritably but then smiled.


YOU ARE NEEDED BACK HERE, Telstar has acted out again—the man is like a ghost—can’t there be normal thugs anymore.’ Nigel splattered at the other end of the line.
It must have been serious for him to call Jake during his vacation. Not exactly a vacation but he needed somewhere to lay low for a while until things calm down. It had been chaos since the arrest of one of the city’s most notorious mafia leader and every bad guy was looking for him. Farmland was the last place they would check or even look. Not that they even knew his real name.
He was to go silent for a year at least and the drama in Farmland had given him something to do- except this time around the Telstar was his own brother.
‘Why am I needed back there?
He asked not that he wasn’t interested but after almost getting killed five times he backed away from the cases. Nigel replaced him with another best man for the job. Perhaps their cover blew off as well
‘The two agents I had on the case were discovered—I mean everything, names, family details—everything. It’s a mess back here.’
‘Wow it’s that bad? When do you want me back?’
‘As soon as possible, but maybe after the holidays—I just called you to tell you beforehand.’
Jake sighed, ‘I got it.’
After a pause Nigel added, ‘you are laying low in Farmland aren’t you?’
Jake squirmed in his chair, ‘I am Jake the son of a chief here Nigel I can’t exactly be invisible.’
He heard Nigel grunt expletives, ‘of course you are there making sure everyone turns their head whenever you pass by—you have to keep yourself alive Jake do not have any more special agents to replace you with.’
‘Noted,’
‘I hope you do.’
Honestly, Jake had come with the aim of keeping a low profile but thanks to David no one would leave the Sans alone now. He would have ignored David’s antics if Helen just wasn’t involved. He shouldn’t even be involved with her but like moth to a flame he couldn’t stay away from her. And now because of him, she was in David’s radar.
Maybe she was even better off in David’s evil schemes radar than the danger she would be if she ever came into his world. It would be selfish but when it came to Helen he just could not reason himself out of it.
So he chose to protect her instead. Walking away was simply no longer on the table. Neither was he letting her go.


BELLA PACED UP AND DOWN in the living room. Not in an aim-so-frustrated kind of way but the real I am-about-to-go-insane kind of way. The passing weeks had been stressful. Wedding details, Helen designs and Mrs. Lotman directing the design as if she was the one who was going to wear it. Okay maybe these were normal preparations, the cuisine, the venue declaration, dance lessons. It was the other thing that was stressful. Mrs. Lotman had invited an entire population of her friends and acquaintances for the wedding. The wedding would be very big, oaky they can go along with that—but what was with the reporters and the interview for an article issue?
Bella closed her eyes and began counting backwards from ten. No twenty because ten didn’t seem to help.
‘Are you having headache?’ Mrs. Lotman asked and Bella realised that she had started rubbing her temples
‘I’m sorry but the interview?’
Mrs. Lotman didn’t even look surprised, ‘oh don’t be too sensitive Bella—believe me it’s for the best—besides I have spoken to this Allison, she has been living here she means well.’
Allison, Bella remembered the woman. The writer. ‘Why does she want to write my love story?’
‘It’s not just your love story Bella—Fred is
‘Popular yes I am not comfortable with it I just can’t do that.’
‘What? Answer a few questions?’
‘That too.’
‘You promised to support him.’
Bella drew in a breath ‘why does it feel like I am supporting you and not him?’
Mrs. Lotman gasped, ‘how can you say that? I’m simply trying to do what’s best for my son’s wedding and I am trying to make it what he deserves to have. You think I’m just going to stand by and watch him have the only wedding in his life be such a pitiful backward mess while I can fix it? No!’
‘Pitiful?’
‘Look—my son—my only son married in a family I least expected for his position, I am simply trying to cope with it.’
Bella felt a lump in her throat, nothing she will ever do will make this woman to accept her it seems
‘Would you have preferred it if he was marrying Casey?’
‘Casey was perfect for him—she just got distracted and it didn’t work out—had it not have happened, he wouldn’t even have come here and met you—so now that it has happened that way I am simply trying to make it suitable dear Bella—and you are not cooperating—you act as if I am the villain while I am simply trying to make you see how you can fit in his world.’
Bella felt as if she had been slapped. Fit in his world. So Fred was royalty and she was an embarrassment. What if his friends and partners from the city came and felt the same way. He would become a laughing stock among his people because of her. She felt tears in her eyes.
‘I don’t mean to be harsh—but that’s the truth.’ She grabbed her purse, ‘I will talk to Fred about the interview—he will understand- it’s his world after all.’
And with those biting words, Margaret Lotman went out the door. Bella stood rooted to the same spot for minutes, maybe half an hour until a commotion broke outside and disturbed her reverie.
She rushed to thaw endow with wild thoughts like Margaret being chased by a mad rooster or a wild goose. When she opened the door, her mouth dropped open. A number of men in similar attires were all over the compound as if they owned the place. Startled chickens and other livestock ran allow over the place noisily.
‘What are you doing?’ Charles snarled at one of the guards
‘We are not to answer to anybody!’ the man answered
‘You are trespassing private property!’
The man did not bother to answer him. He walked past and went on with his business. Bella just stood there with her mouth hanged open. The same man marched towards her and held her gaze
‘We would like to assess the house interior as well.’
‘What for?”
‘I will not say.’
Bella folded her arms and glared at him, ‘I need a good reason why I should allow you into our private home—if not don’t you dare step your paws into the house,’ she turned to close the door on his face
‘Miss, with all due respect
She cut him off, ‘with all due respect—this conversation is over and you can return to that devil of yours like the good little minions that you are and tell him I said he should just drop dead because his existence is a scandal to planet earth
‘The man stared at her with his mouth hung open before she slammed the door in his face.




36


IT DIDN’T TAKE LONG. Before nightfall everyone in Farmland knew that one of the Phillips daughters insulted the entire San family and scorned their existence. It was considered an abomination to openly insult the chief. As one could imagine, David San was furious- it hurt his pride the no one—no even old and wise voiced out against his deeds which he knowingly carries out only to be defamed and insulted by a little girl.
Jake laughed hard when he heard it. Helen did a double take when she learned that the woman was Bella.


BELLA SAT IN FRONT OF DIFFERENT expressions—shock, disbelief, anger and Charlie looked at her as if she won a battle at the arena.
‘Bella.’ Mr. Phillips said impatiently.
Bella kept her eyes down and said nothing—how was he going to explain that – five days to her wedding she was nervous, terrified and immensely insecure at the same time while Mrs. Lotman did all she could to prove that she wasn’t right for her son.
‘They are not sure who did this?’ Cylvia cried in horror, ‘way to go Bella—you didn’t think of others like always.’
‘You could have used a little more expletives!” Charlie said
‘Charles shut up!’ Cylvia snapped
‘Stop it.’ Mrs. Phillips sighed, ‘this is a serious issue—we do not insult our leaders in Farmland Bella—it is punishable if the chief chooses it.’
Cylvia groaned and stomped her foot.
‘is that any way to act before your wedding—oh so you figured that since you are going to the city you can leave a little drama they will be talking about for the next fifty years—isn’t it already enough that you have Fred Lotman? Isn’t he enough for you? You just need everyone’s attention as well.’
Bella lifted her eyes for the first time and met Cylvia’s gaze. Cylvia realised what she just said and gasped a little clamping her mouth shut.
‘Cylvia is right.’ Mrs. Phillips said, ‘and you will stay in your room until the wedding.’
Bella hardly heard her mother—she was looking at her sister who could not meet he gaze.
‘I will go to my room now,’ she mumbled. She jumped out of the couch and rushed upstairs to her room. She sat at the windowsill and gazed outside. The pictures and slides that came into her mind make her eyes well. Of course she knew before that there was something special between Fred and Cylvia—she forgot about it all this time. And Cylvia was bursting about all this all this while. 
There was a knock on her door—she did not move. The door opened- Cylvia entered the room and closed the door. She came to sit on the windowsill with her. They sat in silence for a while before Bella managed to look at her.
‘You love him!’ Bella whispered
‘Bella
‘When? Since when?
Cylvia shook her head, ‘Bella I don’t want to hurt you.’
‘You already did Cylvia so just spill it.’
Cylvia looked anguished, ‘since the first day I met him—I thought we would be something but he was just being a friend—he never returned my feelings Bella—it isn’t what you are thinking!’
Bella’s lips trampled and tears spilled from her eyes
‘Bella please no—
‘Stop – just don’t.’ she sniffed how could she not see it all this time—she was not right for him. She never was. She just forced her way into where she was not invited. Fred Lotman never saw her—he had been after Cylvia and she was just an accident.
‘Does he know?’
‘Bella
‘Just answer the question Cylvia!’
‘Yes.’ Cylvia whispered,
Bella put her head in her hands and groaned, ‘I am such an idiot,’
‘Bella you are getting married to him in five days.’
She lifted her face and something like hysterical laughter was on her features, Cylvia gazed at her cautiously, ‘married? His mother doesn’t want me and she is right I am not the right person to marry him—and you were in the side-lines all along hurting because the man you love is with me—what marriage? This is more chaotic than David San’s thinking process.’
Bella climbed off the window sill and snapped out of the room. She ignored the people calling her as she marched past the living room and rushed to her car.


HELEN SIGHED IN AGREEMENT, she didn’t want to be there either. Though she wanted to shake Bella’s hand for insulting that psycho the expression on her friend’s face made her heart ache
‘Besides harsh words from Margaret and a few people what else is upsetting you.’
Bella wiped her eyes, ‘I still can’t believe it myself—I have been so blinded by my own fantasy I didn’t see it the way it was all along.’
‘What is it?’
‘Cylvia loves Fred,’
‘That was pretty obvious,’ Helen was not going to pretend as if she had no idea what Bella was talking about.
‘Except to me.’ Bella sighed dumbly, ‘gosh I am such an idiot.’
‘You are not an idiot!’
‘But I feel like one—should never have let it go this far if I knew how it hurt everyone that I am with him. Maybe he didn’t even want me in the first place and he is just confused about his feelings and this phase will soon be over and—
Helm raised her hand to silence her, ‘oh please Bella, do you think Fred was two timing you?’
Bella sighed, ‘I don’t know—but their closeness always bothered me—I should have listened to my better senses!’
‘Bella—I don’t think it’s like that. Let’s use different characters here—you love Timothy right?’
‘Like a brother not as a man.’
‘Bella—lets be serious—you love him but you are not in love with him—you don’t hold grudges against the women he dates,’
‘Whose side are you on?’ Bella narrowed her eyes at her.
‘No one’s!’
‘Really? --- but I am still not happy about it—it just makes me feel so insignificant.’
‘You think you are insignificant to Fred?’
‘It feels that way nowadays.’
Helm turned to lie on her back a gazed at the ailing, ‘you and Cylvia need to talk.’
‘About what?’
‘Whatever it is that made you cross with each other in the first place.’
As if talking only could be a palatable solution to their problem. Bella sighed and closed her eyes.
‘Did you talk to Fred about your feelings?’
‘And say what? Your friendship with my sister makes me jealous?’
‘So you didn’t—he obviously doesn’t know how you feel he can’t read your mind.’
‘I know.’
‘Bella in relationships you talk.’
‘I know but—I don’t want to seem like I am too clingy and I don’t want to seem like a bother towards his mother—these are sensitive topics.’
‘So it’s okay for you get hurt silently?’
 Bella sighed and said nothing. Helen’s phone buzzed. She took it and flashed it on Bella’
S face
‘It’s Fred—why is he calling me?’
‘I left my phone in my room,’
‘Oh for heaven’s sake Bella—you could have at least communicated, the poor man is probably about to have hypertension by now.’
Bella sat up and gaped at her,
‘Answer it.’ Helen sat up and poked Bella’s chest with the phone
‘It’s your phone why should I answer it?’
Helen sighed and answered, ‘Fred! --- Yes ---no--- I don’t think so---- that won’t do---I think you better do that--- where? Great.’
‘What?’
‘Why do you want to know? It’s not your phone call!’
Helen got up
‘Are you going somewhere?’
‘You need me to be a witness?’
Bella gasped and her eyes widened, ‘he is coming here?’
‘He is outside—see you around.’
‘I need space to think right now—and why are you leaving me in the middle of the night?’
‘It’s barely nine and Fred is here—you are in good hands,’ Helen patted her shoulder before walking out the door.
Bella wasn’t sure how to sit as the door opened and Fred came into the cabin. Okay maybe she had overreacted a little bit—but didn’t she deserve a whole night to sort it all out?
When she looked up at him she blinked when she saw his livid face—she was still trying to trace why Fred would be mad at her when he spoke
‘Bella—do you have any idea how worried I was? You can’t just leave, no one knew where you were.’
And they were back to square one. All this erupted the night she ran off to get Helen away from John. It had all started with him being so worried.
‘Can you allocate exactly what you are talking about because I kind of did a lot of things today?’
‘I got home from the supplies with Timothy and found the whole house frantic about where you went off to.’
‘How did you know I was here?’
‘Cylvia thought that you’d be here.’
Cylvia!
‘Oh so she reports to you as well.’
‘What?’ Fred wanted to stay mad but he was now confused.
‘Well I am here and I am fine—they sound a little too worried for people who grounded me.’
And wasn’t she too old to be grounded?
Fred walked fully into the room and sat on the floor facing her.
‘You insulted the chief publicly!’
‘Don’t even start with that topic.’
He sighed, ‘look I wasn’t around the whole day—what really happened?’
‘I insulted the chief—well the guard actually and like the little obedient mutt he is reported it to his commander, then I stormed out of the house because Cylvia said that she is in love with you!’
He watched her warily as she waited for him to say something
‘You know about that?’ she cast him an accusing glare. Events of her early days of knowing Fred began to make more sense.
‘Bella, Cylvia is like a sister to me. I’m in love with you.’
‘Then what in the world is going on between you two?—you can’t deny that there is something.’
‘Bella it’s not
‘I already heard that it’s not what I think it is Fred so can I please not hear it from you?’
‘What do you want me to say—all this happened before we even met and for the record we never even dated.’
‘What does that mean?’
‘It means exactly what I said!’
‘okay so here is what I think—you pop into town and you see Cylvia and you go after her because well you have your reasons—then you come here and I appear out of nowhere so you ditch her for me.’
‘What?’
‘you didn’t want me—that’s why you stayed away because I was not the one you wanted—it was just unfortunate that you thought there was something between us.’
‘Bella, I don’t feel that way for Cylvia.’
‘You already said that.’
‘Look when I came to Farmland I never imagined that I would ever be in a relationship-
‘Because none of us can possibly match up to your status in your world!’
‘Is that another issue?’
‘There are many issues!’ she said through clenched teeth
‘Bella I was looking for a rebound—I was going to play around with Cylvia and walk away, but then we became friends because she was trying to set me straight,’
‘Set you straight.’ She raised an eyebrow, ‘so maybe I am a rebound.’
‘Bella
‘Don’t Bella me right now I am not the unreasonable one here.’
‘Well I can argue that point.’ He muttered under his breath
‘You two were not honest about your feelings for each other—I would have understood why you didn’t want to be with me.’
‘Bella I avoided you because I was the problem not you.’
‘Oh that explains a lot—what problem Fred? Which sister to date perhaps?’
‘’you and I hadn’t met yet—nothing happened with Cylvia that we needed to clarify and I avoided you because I wasn’t looking for a relationship,’
‘Yes I got that part—you were not supposed to date a poor village girl with no ounce of modesty—but you did anyway so that I could hear it every day of my life.’ Her voice rose with every word
He rose to his feet and planted his hands on his hips, ‘is this what this is all about? What people are saying?—your insecurities? Are you going to dance according to what people say your whole life?’
Bella gaped at him before she sprang to her feet and planted her hands on her hips, ‘what people? I am just stating facts—facts I didn’t see because I am an idiot.’
‘You are not an idiot Bella—for god’s sake—I’m not even sure what we are arguing about here.’
Bella froze and stared at him, ‘so you didn’t even hear a word I just said.’
‘I didn’t say that.’
‘That’s what you just said.’
‘no that came out wrong,’ Fred snapped, ‘Bella I don’t understand why you are so worked up over this—I love you, I am marrying you—you are the one I want to spent the rest of my life with—I meant every word I said about us and I mean it now—you can’t drag the past into all this just like that.’
She continued to stare at him
‘Let’s go home and calm down—the whole house is worked up as we speak.’
Bella took steps back, ‘I am not going anywhere with you.’ Her voice was low and thick, ‘just go.’
‘No!’
‘Fred I don’t want to see you anymore,’
‘What?’
‘I don’t want this—I can’t marry you—you and I don’t belong together,’
‘No!’
‘I need my space right now.’
‘Space?—now you are being unreasonable.’
Unreasonable?’ she raised her voice, ‘yes maybe I am— my reputation of being unreasonable eludes me Fred. How am I supposed to spend my whole life with you when your mother thinks your ex-girlfriend is a better match for you—okay so I am still having an anxiety attack over that and now my sister has been throwing sheep eyes at you which you were aware of? There are so many reasons and stories but it all comes down to the fact that you didn’t want me!’
She took a deep breath when she was done and Fred seemed like he didn’t know what to do with himself
‘Just go back to your home Fred,’
‘You are kicking me out?’
‘Leave my house—you no longer work for us and there is no more wedding—there is no reason for you to stay.’
He was silent for a moment looking at her. He even managed to look hurt. Shy stared back at him nonchalantly
‘Okay—if I go will you come back?’
‘Yes!’
He nodded and moved to her—she stepped back and crossed her arms on her chest.
‘Okay” he said quietly before he left the house.




37


THEY RECEIVED AN INVITATION FROM DAVID SAN EARLY IN THE MORNING for a private dinner party. That set another atmosphere in the house. Charlie and Gerald were thrilled by the idea—taking it as a declaration of war. Mrs. Phillips and Cylvia were worried about what David was planning to do about Bella
Mr. Philips swore he was not going to meet David San with the present state the family was in—they will only look like escapees from a madhouse. 
Bella stumbled into a small family meeting as soon as she entered the house.
‘Where in heaven’s name were you all night?’
‘Helen’s cabin!’ Bella answered tiredly as she came to sit between Gerald and Charlie—she couldn’t believe that she ended it with Fred last night. Cylvia and Mr. Phillips looked at her incredulously. Bella almost rolled her eyes. She didn’t even sleep last night. Thinking that Fred walked away hurt more than all the doubts she had about their relationship.
Cylvia was standing in front of the family- hands clasped in front t of her. She looked really crushed.
‘Cylvia you were about to say something.’ Mr. Philips raised his eyebrows at her
Cylvia nodded, ‘yes I hum,’ she took a deep breath, ‘I don’t justify  Bella’s behavior towards David San, ‘ Charlie and Gerald rolled their eyes, ‘but I don’t think David San should push us around either—so I’m with Gerald and Charlie about not accepting the invitation.’
Mrs. Phillips glanced at Mr. Philips, she would follow whatever he decided—Mr. Philips was for peace. That left Bella. She had more biting words for that freak but she managed to hold her tongue and just said, ‘I am not going.’
‘So you have decided to change our motto?’ Mr. Philips voice was clam, ‘you realise that we are going to be living here our whole lives and the man will leave as soon as he is bored.’
The room went silent. Mr. Philips was right but the bitter feelings refused to vanish
‘I say let’s kick him out.’
Gerald nudged Charlie in the ribs
‘Bella, I need to talk to you.’ Cylvia’s voice was thick with emotion
‘Something else going on?’ Charlie quipped
‘The wedding is off.’
The room went silent they could even hear the sound of crickets in the forest.
‘Did you and Fred fight?’ Mrs. Philips asked
Bella just sighed,
‘Well?’ Mrs. Philips prompted.
‘Bella I’m sorry—you can’t cancel your wedding because of what I said.’
‘What you said, meant a lot of things to me.’
‘Wait—what did Cylvia say?’ Gerald asked.
Cylvia shook her head, ‘I have feelings for Fred.’
The room went silent again and three sets of eyebrows went up in the air. Mr. Philips remained calm.
‘it’s just me—I just thought he is an attractive man—but when he met you he had eyes only for you Bella I never wished that you two never met—I have been feeling guilty about it all this time—I would never forgive myself if you left him because I said something so insensitive and stupid,’
‘Oh dear me that is complicated.’ Mrs. Philips shifted on the couch, ‘the man is too handsome for his own good.’
‘Mom—not you too.’ Charlie said, ‘this is a small issue—it’s Mrs. Lotman who is driving everyone mad.’
Everyone gasped at him except Bella and Mr. Philips
‘Bella—what is really going on?’ Charlie asked
‘I don’t want the wedding anymore.’ Bella said
Charlie shrugged with a grin, ‘your loss.’
‘Charlie!’ Gerald glared at him.
‘Bella—please don’t do this.’
‘It’s already been done Cylvia—so stop pestering me.’
‘Bella you just can’t-
Mr. Philips raised a hand at Cylvia and she went silent, ‘all of you prepare for dinner and revaluate your behaviors before we leave. And Bella.’ His eyes shifted towards Bella on the couch, ‘take a walk.’
Bella raised tired eyebrows at him, ‘can’t I just go to my room?’
‘No a walk.’
‘But I don’t want to take a walk.’ She said in a quiet voice
Mr. Philips looked at her sternly, ‘I insist!”
With a sigh, Bella stood from the couch and left the living room.
Mr. Philips also left the living room and went to his study.
‘Why is Bella taking a walk?’ Charles whispered to Gerald. ‘oh please it’s like asking me what father is thinking about and I have too much to worry about than trying to figure out what is going on inside his head,’ Gerald growled under his breath.


SHE TOOK A PATH THAT LED past a large field and led to the Graces. She pushed the gate open and rushed towards the house. With the graces everything was simple and plain. That still drove Mr. Philips crazy. She walked to the front door and knocked. Maybe he wasn’t even here. Maybe he decided to leave already and would call once he reaches the city. Where was Mrs. Lotman anyway? Maybe he left after all.
Timothy opened the door.
‘Bella,’ he was always happy to see her, ‘to what do I owe this rare and special visit?
Bella started to say something then stopped
‘Bella.’ Timothy raised an eyebrow
Uhmn—is.’ She stopped, what was she even going to do when she sees Fred?
Timothy smiled warmly at her, ‘he is Lloyd’s room-.’
Bella smiled back at him, ‘thanks.’
‘Bella.’
She stopped and glanced at him, ‘what?’
‘You are here to make up with him aren’t you?’
Bella blinked, ‘huh—what—
‘Just go,’ timothy shooed her away with his hands. She stomped up the stairs and was soon in front of Lloyd’s room. Without hesitation she knocked the door once—her heart hammering so loudly it felt like it was going to tear into pieces.
Within seconds the door was opened lazily—a do-not-disturb-me kind of way. He poked his head out to glare at the intruder then he joked the door wide open
‘Bella!’
She wrapped her arms around his waist, burying her face into his chest. ‘I’m sorry!’ she whispered 
He exhaled loudly before he pulled her close and buried her into his embrace. 
‘I’m sorry—I was just so mad.’
‘You are still going to marry me.’
She nodded because she felt a sob choking her.
‘You’re still mad?’
She lifted her head to look into his eyes, ‘I don’t even know what I was mad about.’ She paused, ‘okay I know why I was mad—but I was more miserable when you walked out that door.’
He cupped her face, ‘me too.’
She stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on the lips.


NIGHT CREPT INTO THE ROOM. The sun had just set and from the window they could see the sun change colors and forms till it sunk behind gravy brooding hills. Bella thought wildly how ironic that Lloyd’s room had such a breath-taking view of the sunset.
‘We can live here!’ Fred said after a long thoughtful silence. She was resting her head on the pillow, her head just below his chin and arms clung to his waist. She shifted and was looking into his eyes
‘Maybe we can live here!’
‘Are you sure?’
‘no.’ he admitted, ‘but its better feeling than to have you look at me the way you looked at me last night.’
Bella scowled, ‘you think I don’t want to leave Farmland?’
‘Well not really—but here you will not think that we are unfitting for each other.’
‘No—I was wrong I belong with you and you belong with me—doesn’t matter where we live.’
‘I know—but still-
‘Fred!’ she placed a hand on his chest, ‘I don’t care where we live—I am not leaving your side.’
‘Good to know—because I’m not letting you go and I won’t walk away ever again even if you hold a gun to my head,’
Bella chuckled, ‘that’s my line.’
‘is that so?’ he cupped her face, ‘for all the words and actions that I did to hurt you—I am so sorry—I promise it wasn’t intentional. For avoiding you when we first met—I am sorry, -- I want us to be open and transparent with each other Bella.’
‘Okay.’
‘No more running off without talking to me.’
‘Okay.’
‘And I love you.’
‘I love you too.’
‘I can’t wait to have you as my wife, to wake up with you every morning and to share my life with you. I know that my life is extravagant and all different from this peaceful town you grew up in—and if it makes you uncomfortable we don’t have to go.’
She lifted her hand and touched his face, ‘I want to go.’
‘Really?’
‘Really—and next time I get mad I will come to bite your head off before I leave or run out.’
‘I am hoping you would mature past the storming out when mad stage.’
‘It has nothing to do with maturity—I just need to calm down when I feel overwhelmed.’
A gentle smile spread across his face before he leaned down and kissed her. She wound her arms around his neck a kissed him back passionately.
After a long moment Fred lifted his head and said, ‘stay for dinner.’
Bella groaned I can’t—Mr. Philips is making us go to David san’s dinner party.’
‘You should go—
‘We actually voted for this you know—would you have voted yes?’
He shrugged, ‘I am also reasonable.’
‘Don’t you think you should take my side at this point?’ she pursed her lips
He ran his finer on her lower lip, ‘well one of us have to be reasonable sweetheart.’ He smiled sweetly at her
She swatted his shoulder and he laughed.
‘How ostentatious of you Mr. Lotman.’
‘Thank you future Mrs. Lotman.’
‘That wasn’t a compliment!’


THE DINNER WAS nothing more than infuriating. Mr. Philips didn’t help by apologizing on behalf of the family. - David San and his mother were just too cheery. Charlie and Gerald behaved well like the good boys they were. Cylvia and Mrs. Philips did air their discontentment, not in the way they’d displayed back at the house. Bella stayed absent minded the entire time, considering that she was the cause of this whole awkward dinner.
In conclusion, the basic reason for the awkward, calamitous gathering was avoid. Mrs. san thought in the middle of it all to dwell on the topic of Bella’s wedding—drawing a pleasant conversation from Mrs. Philips. Cylvia sounded very grateful and relieved about the wedding—which Mrs. san couldn’t pinpoint exactly why. Bella held her breath and swore that she would strangle anyone who will talk about the wedding almost being called off. Thankfully no one did.
Mrs. san mentioned Mrs. Lotman with so much appraisal—some elite status thing back in the city. Of course Mrs. san knew Mrs. Lotman, they obviously ran in the same circle—why was that not surprising?
‘What is it Bella? You don’t seem so relaxed about talking about your own wedding, some brides would be jumping up and down with excitement.’
Seven pairs of eyes landed on her. Bella did look like she was trying to survive quick sand.
‘It depends on who I am discussing it with.’ Bella said smoothly but the irritation was very clear in her voice.
Tension filled the dining room complete with an eerie silence and the sound of knuckles before someone clenched their fists under the table. Bella went on. ‘Should we avoid the real reason for this excruciating dinner by using my wedding as the topic? We may as well just go home and continue doing what we do.’ She looked pointedly at David San but with a too sweet smile.
Charlie and Gerald gave her a look of appraisal. The shock on Cylvia, Mr. and Mrs. Philips face was priceless.
Mrs. san smiled at Bella with fascination, ‘of course Bella—I myself was wondering when we are going to talk about real business.’ She glanced at her son
‘We were going to start when appropriate people brought the topic forward.’ David looked at Bella, ‘but I am not complaining.’
‘Why not just drop it.’ Mr. Philips said in firm tone. 
‘Of course,’ Bella said with a good feeling she did not have, ‘that came out wrongly—in more respectable words for the respectable self that you are.’ She looked directly at David San, ‘why don’t we talk about how to avoid conflict in the future or your minions—sorry I mean your guards not vandalising private property—we don’t want to misinterpret your intentions and begin to think that we are being raided,’
Someone choked and multiple gasps sounded. David san had a vein popping out on his forehead.
‘Constructive conflict!’ Cylvia added, gaining confidence.
‘You young lady have decided to be unruly with me and my entire family.’ David was now losing his calm facade.
‘Is that how you advised your children to talk to the chief of Farmland?’ Mrs. san looked at Mr. and Mrs. Philips
‘No,’ Mr. Philips said smoothly, ‘it is not.’
‘I don’t appreciate such direct rude behavior.’ David said
‘neither do we—‘ Bella shot back and stood up, ‘this is a peaceful town, no one is inferior to anyone—not even corrupt big lawyers who want to do their money laundering here of all places.’
‘Bella Philips sit down.’ Mr. Philips demanded and Bella sat down but still glared at David.
‘May I have a say.’ Charlie spoke for the first time.
‘No!’ Gerald and Cylvia chorused.
‘Insulting the chief is punishable by law.’ David said as a-matter-of-factly and some guards by the door shifted ready to take his orders.
‘no.’ Mr. Philips stood up, ‘no one is going to touch anyone from my family—Chief David may I have a word with you in private.’
David send daggers towards Bella’s direction for a moment, ‘of course Mr. Philips.’
When the two men left the dining room all eyes turned to Bella who refused to back down.


THE DRIVE BACK TO THE HOUSE was very silent. Silence of angry persons who felt had obviously wasted their time. But no one was willing to discuss the issue. Another issue was waiting when they arrived at the house. Mrs. Lotman, freed and Helen chatted easily in the living room. They grew quiet when they saw the Philips entering and wisely never asked how the dinner went. Mrs. Lotman explained that she wanted to have a talk with Bella. Bella didn’t trust herself to handle the situation—considering the pump of adrenaline that was still raging in her veins.
Mr. Philips flashed a pleasant smile at them and without word went upstairs. Mrs. Philips chatted with Mrs. Lotman for a few seconds before she also went away. Gerald and Charlie vanished out of sight.
Cylvia’s eyes locked with Fred’s for a moment before she lowered her head and rushed upstairs. Bella was summarising the dinner to Helen when Fred came and planted a kiss on her forehead.
‘You did what?’ Helen was still shocked then she smiled widely, ‘that’s my girl—you should get a trophy.’
Fred didn’t know what Helen meant but he guessed, ‘should I make plans to hide you somewhere.’
‘Don’t hide her—we need more people who have the guts to stand up to that napoleon.’
Fred held belle’s shoulders and turned her to face him, ‘you didn’t.’
Bella just shrugged.
‘May I borrow Bella please?’ Mrs. Lotman saved Bella from what Fred was about to say
Fred let her go but narrowed his eyes, ‘we will continue this later.’ He whispered


MARGARET WANTED TO SIT OUTSIDE on the veranda. The air was warm—another heat wave and stars were scattered across the indigo sky. Enigmatic feelings of doom washed over her as she sank easily into the chair facing Mrs. Lotman.
‘I have a feeling that this may not be the best time for you.’ Mrs. Lotman began, strangely too polite
‘Yes.’ Bella admitted with a tired voice
Margaret nodded, ‘I’ve been warned—I over do things.’
Bella looked at her incredulously,
‘I tend to get carried away but it is how I do things—I can’t help it. To be honest with you—I don’t know why it has to be you and yes I do find you unfitting for my son—but my son cares about you a lot and based on that I promise not to give you a hard time.’
Bella shook her head, ‘what am I supposed to say to that?”
‘Nothing really—I still hold the stage light. You can make suggestions.’
‘You will accept my suggestions.’
‘It depends.’ Mrs. Lotman paused, ‘look—you and I are going to be seeing a lot of each other for years so why don’t we start with a compromise.’
‘Both of us.’
‘I agree.’
‘Fine—I don’t want to do the interview.’
‘Well I don’t know that kind of comes with the territory.’
‘Doesn’t mean I have to do it—you can write no-comment on my column.’
Margaret nodded, ‘fine—but reporters are still coming to the wedding.’
‘Well they are not my responsibility.’
‘Who turned the lamp into a lion?’ Margaret muttered
‘And minimize the guests list.’
Margaret thinned her lips, ‘that’s a little bit complicated. Fred has three business partners and they have families and friends who are happy about visiting a commercial village. Look the guests aren’t even your responsibility—let’s cancel the interview and leave the rest as it is.’
‘Is that compromising?’
‘I let you choose your own dress design.’
‘Nothing is wrong with my dress.’
‘Thanks to Helen.’
Bella sighed, ‘is there anything else?’
‘well yes—if you are planning to avoid me as much as you can just stop—I like being involved in my son’s life and you will be a part of that.’
‘And the point is?’
‘We will have a lunch date two days every week, to get used to each other.’
‘One day a week.’
‘what will you be doing with all that time—you don’t even have a job you have hunted yet—not that you even need to work.’
‘Make it once every two weeks then I am sure my schedule will be full while I’m learning how to adapt to your world.’
Margaret sighed, ‘okay—once every week—we will decide on the days, they don’t have to be fixed.’
‘Fine.’
‘And I am sorry if my statements about you fitting in our world hurt your feelings.’
‘They did hurt my feelings but I do see your point—except the fact that you like to bring up Casey all the time.’ She flashed a taut smile
‘Casey is like a daughter to me.’
‘She is my future husband’s ex-girlfriend—I really don’t have a soft spot for her.’
Mrs. Lotman laughed, ‘okay—you know I think in the long run you and I are going to be good friends.’
Bella just shrugged. She was trying to picture what her wedding day was going to be like. Countless faces she won’t be able to recognize, more strangers with cameras all over the place. Other strangers in their kitchen and not to forget Fred’s business partners coming to see his wife. 
‘You know what.’ she said suddenly, ‘it really doesn’t matter—all I have to do is walk down the aisle, smile and wave and blow kiss when I need to.’
Margaret flashed a wide smile, ‘good—we can start from there.’




38


HELEN WAS PACKING WHAT WOULD be her office in less than five days. Mr. Philips was very glad when she accepted the offer. Honestly the Philips now felt like family and she didn’t want to leave farmland partly because of then. Though Bella was leaving. 
‘Do you think David San could be involved with this girl situation?’ Cylvia asked Officer David incredulously. Officer David took the girls issue very seriously because the events that David San caused made very one to shift from their normal paradigm.
‘I am positive—these issues are tricky—we just need to catch him in the act, who knows? Maybe that would remove him from Farmland for good.’
‘That would be bliss.’ Helen sighed
‘I have friend coming to see to this case—he is from the city.’
‘Is he a detective?’ Cylvia asked
Officer David shrugged, ‘sort of.’
Helen scowled, ‘why is he coming?’
‘Human trafficking and sexual trade is a serious offense.’ Officer David explained
They had similar private meetings for days. Sometimes Helen or Cylvia managed to track some of the girls and ask them questions. It was a tricky sensitive situation. Even dangerous. But it was happening in Farmland and needed to be stopped. Officer David told the two women that it would be safe for everyone around them if they did not broadcast the whole thing to anyone. So while David San is doing his own thing. Helen, Cylvia, Officer David and a certain board of law enforcement and order were also doing their own thing in Farmland
‘She placed the last of the books on the shelf and smiled in satisfaction at the sight. She had transferred most of Bella’s paper backs to Bella’s room which she collaboratively agreed with Cylvia and the rest of the house to turn into a library.
‘Lovely little place you have here!’
Helen whirled around to Jake who was standing in the doorway. She had managed to avoid him since David San’s dinner party. And he hadn’t appeared either or even called. There were times she almost picked up the phone to call him but her better senses won the battle of course.
‘What are you doing here?’ she couldn’t help it. Why was Jake San at the Philips farms in broad day light?
Jake smiled and entered the office, ‘I am evaluating my new office space.’
Helen scoffed, ‘try as you might—you can’t overtake this business—it’s a lost battle.’
‘Who says I am overtaking—you refuse to let go of your stereotype of me.’
‘I can’t be blamed for that.’
‘Okay—but sorry to disappoint you—but I will be working here after the wedding.’
Helen raised an eyebrow, ‘you are joking right?’
‘Why would this be a joke?’
‘Why would you be working here? Anyone will have to be at gun point to hire anyone from the San family.’
‘Another one of your opinions?’
Helen folded her arms, ‘I thought you guys were richer than the Romans—did David degrade your father’s fortune already.’
Jake looked like he was actually thinking of an answer, ‘you are into rich men?’
Helen’s lip went up in a sneer and just then Bella pushed past Jake and then turned to look at him
‘I came to see if I heard Mr. Philips right!’ her voice was high in disbelief, ‘I guess he was serious.’
Helen blinked at her, ‘serious about what?’
‘I thought two grown men were going in there to talk about a reasonable solution and the only thing they could come up with was to work together.’
Jake flashed a smile at Bella, ‘hello Bella—and congratulations on your wedding.’
Bella huffed, ‘do you know that this is a deal?’
‘Yes, I was told to come here.’
‘What are you his secretary?’
Helen snickered, ‘I asked him the same thing.’
‘I am now—I have no choice.’
‘What do you mean you have no choice,’ Bella carried on, ‘don’t you know how to rebel?’
Jake flashed a wolfish grin, ‘Bella Phillips wants to teach me how to rebel?’
Bella blinked and looked away muttering something about Jake being a little crazy.
Jake walked into the office space, ‘besides it won’t be that bad—I get to see Helen every day.’
Helen gaped at him and Bella actually veered her eyes back to Jake, ‘what?’
‘She hasn’t told you yet?’ Jake managed to flash Helen a look of betrayal.
‘There is nothing to tell.’ Helen said through her teeth.
Bella cocked her head to one side, ‘I don’t think so.’
Helen scoffed, ‘Bella you always take your friend’s side no matter what.’
Bella smiled sweetly, ‘I am taking your side—but I am also being honest—you did say that he is different from what people think of him.’
Helen gasped and felt heat going to her face. What on earth happened to Bella Phillips such that she was behaving out of her normal character?
Jake smiled, ‘that’s really good news.’
‘That doesn’t mean I approve of you working here.’ Bella glared at him.
‘With all due respect Miss Bella Phillips—when it comes to approving things here—you have no say.’
Bella actually laughed, ‘who would have thought that things would turn out like this—the drama in Farmland could be the makings of an interesting novel.’ She shook her head and walked out.
Helen went to what would be her desk and sat in the comfortable chair.
‘So-‘
‘Don’t start.’ Helen interrupted him, ‘I don’t need any more surprises.’
‘But you need to hear this.’
‘This better be good,’ she folded her arms
‘Okay maybe another time.’ He said after a pause. ‘Let’s talk about a more pressing issue—why have you been avoiding me?’
Helen scoffed, ‘you know exactly why I have been avoiding you Jake—and in conclusion we are not happening—okay, and I am not with you about scandalizing your brother.’


CYLVIA STEPPED INTO what used to be old Mrs. Jones’ Diner. She had to admit that the upgrade made the place look good. It felt like a classy small town little paradise. Spotting an empty table she went and sat down. The place wasn’t full but there was a handful of people enough to make it a little noisy. It was no longer just the local villagers who frequented the place but also travelers and visitors. Mrs. Lotman’s guests were beginning to arrive and Farmland looked lively.
David seemed to have overdone things and had waiters and waitresses in place roaming around the diner. The man was just unbelievable. But maybe he could bring a little development to the little town of Farmland.
Cylvia picked up the menu and started going through it. Helen wouldn’t want to hear this but the diner upgrade was a good idea for Farmland.
‘Miss Cylvia Phillips!’ an unfamiliar male voice spoke behind her. She craned her neck to look at him and scowled a little
‘Excuse me do I know you?’
He smiled a little and sank in the empty chair opposite hers.
‘Joseph Wild,’ he stretched his hand to her. Cylvia looked at his hand incredulously. What kind of last name is Wild? She thought wildly. Farmland has been dangerous nowadays with all the drama and the shock of experiencing the drama. Not to mention the crisis that she was slowly getting herself into and getting passionate about. And thanks to David and Mrs. Lotman a hundred faceless strangers roamed around the always quiet Farmland streets and one can’t always tell who to be wary of.
‘Nice to meet you.’ Cylvia shook his hand quickly after deciding that he didn’t look like a serial killer. Well they all never did. She reasoned, ‘so back to my original question—do I know you?’
‘No you don’t—and I don’t mean to spook you but I know you, or about you to be more precise.’
Cylvia exhaled slowly, ‘wow that is spooky.’
He sat back into his chair and his gaze steadied on her face, ‘well that is not the way I wanted to return to Farmland—but I guess we all never get what we want,’
Cylvia waited for him to elaborate what he meant but he didn’t, ‘you’ve lived here before?’
He shrugged, ‘this is not really a small town—I lived here my entire childhood and then I left when I started high school
Cylvia searched an old rustic memory of children playing around the streets or by the river and tried to remember whether she knew any Joseph.
‘Oh I really don’t know—I guess you are right—this isn’t that small of a town, ‘
What bothered her the most was that he seemed to know her? 
‘You are from the Phillips family, everyone knew you—so don’t over think it.’
Cylvia nodded, ‘okay –so I guess I should welcome you back to Farmland!’
‘Thank you—were you leaving already? I haven’t had lunch and we could catch up.’
‘Oh—no I just got here—but I’m meeting someone.’
‘Oh is he late?’
Cylvia wanted to laugh but held it. It wasn’t like the man had any idea how screwed up her love life was. Okay maybe messy was the word. Confessing her feelings for Fred had been so embarrassing and she cringed every time she remembered the look on Bella’s face. Their sister relationship was already hanging by the threads. Now she wasn’t sure where they stood and she was avoiding Fred like the plague.
‘No I came early—I am meeting a client and I needed to prepare myself before I face her.’
They referred to the girls that they were dealing with as clients. Officer David wanted this to be as professional as ever. After all they had to be discreet because someone among the good old Farmland old timers was a brothel house master.
‘So—do you think you can tell me why you know me and I don’t? And no offense but in a village like Farmland the name Wild would not have been missed.’
He chuckled under his breath. ‘Well I grew up in the church orphanage and I wasn’t popular.’
Cylvia scowled, ‘the church orphanage.’
The church had a small orphanage but it wasn’t that big or exclusive. Most children only live there for a few months before they were adopted or moved to better facilities. The children never really mixed with the local children, maybe that’s why she never knew Joseph
‘Oh, that explains it.’
‘Yes.’ He didn’t seem uncomfortable about the topic, ‘though I lived there for a long while—I kept to myself a lot, I was almost invisible, but I knew most people.’
‘Ah—those are the most dangerous people.’ Cylvia said before she could stop herself.
He narrowed his eyes at her, ‘I can’t argue with that—unnoticed faceless people are always behind most heinous activities.’
Cylvia just shrugged—growing uneasy each second. 
‘Hey!’
Cylvia raised her head to look at the girl. She was small petite and probably still in high school. Her name was Jane and she had agreed to meet with Cylvia and share the information that she knew. Officer David had worried that many doors were opening too soon but Helen and Cylvia didn’t want to pass the opportunity.
‘Jane!’ Cylvia rose out of her chair. Jane cast an uneasy glance at Joseph who also stood up.
‘Well it was nice seeing you again Cylvia, I hope I see you around.’ And he turned to the Jane, gave her a slight nod and went to sit on another table.
Cylvia gestured at the chair Joseph had been sitting
‘Please sit.’
Jane nodded and sat on the chair, she glanced around the diner nervously before her big pretty eyes landed back on Cylvia
‘Is he an old friend of yours?’ Jane asked
Cylvia slightly shook her head, ‘I can’t say—but he doesn’t look like a serial killer.’
Jane scoffed and giggled, ‘if serial killers looked like that—women would willingly go to be the next victim.’
Cylvia’s mouth dropped slightly and she glanced at Joseph. Well he was okay. He was tall, bulky and had a domineering allure around him- which she could positively attest to— she guessed that met the beauty standards. Just then Joseph turned and met her gaze and winked
Cylvia quickly looked back at Jane who was barely suppressing a giggle.
‘No girl wants to be caught checking a guy out.’
‘I wasn’t checking him out.’
Jane’s smile said that she thought otherwise.
Cylvia took a deep breath, ‘let’s get down to business shall we?’
Jane pursed her lips, ‘this is still on my terms right?’
‘Of course.’
‘Okay.’ Jane glanced around again, ‘so many strangers in Farmland.’
‘It’s about that time.’
Jane rolled her eyes, ‘doesn’t matter—I am going to the city today anyway I may never come back here.’
Cylvia raised an eyebrow. ‘Oh?’
Jane shrugged, ‘of course I can’t stay here after I tell you this—those people will kill me.’
Cylvia lowered her voice, ‘why don’t you tell me about that.’
‘I only have a story about my friend.’ Jane said, ‘Donna was a newcomer and we became friends right away. She was eccentric and confident—a good type to hang out with in school. She easily mixed up with the popular kids, and I didn’t mind being her side kick it meant I was on the road to being popular as well.’
Cylvia smiled slightly, she had almost forgotten how the high school social hierarchy was like
‘anyway, one night Donna convinced me to go to this late night outdoor party—I usually don’t—my mother would kill me, but Brian, was going to be there and oh well I was curious. So when we got there, I just got this vibe that something was off—but it was fun and I was having a good time.’
Cylvia nodded to encourage her
‘so later on I just wanted to go home—I was looking for Donna but I couldn’t find her—I thought maybe she was down at the river with some other kids so I went to check.’ Jane stopped
Cylvia felt her palms sweating under the table, ‘what happened then?’
‘Well I wasn’t sure what I was looking at and I didn’t understand it so I decided to film it.’ She finished with a whisper. Cylvia imagine d that whatever Jane saw horrified her
Jane reached into her pocket and took out a USB flash and slid it across the table to Cylvia
‘I don’t want to repeat that – so you can have a look for yourself.’
Cylvia took the USB and put it in her purse, ‘thank you for sharing Jane.’
Jane shook her head, ‘so are you going to arrest them?’
Cylvia shrugged nonchalantly, ‘I hope they get arrested.’
Jane stood up, ‘I have to go—congratulations on your sister’s wedding.’
Cylvia thought of something but just as she was about to open her mouth Jane was already walking out the door.




39


HELEN AND MRS LOTMAN sighed in unison as they viewed the finished work. Everything was perfect now- the decorations, the podium- the entire list.
Mrs. Lotman then went to rest early. Helen pranced to the kitchen to find a snack. Cylvia was just taking out a rack of freshly baked muffins from the oven. She set the tray on the counter and gazed at the mouthwatering muffins as if they held a memory.
Helen cleared her throat. Cylvia did not even jump, 
‘Those look good.’ Helen marveled as she pulled a stool and sat directly in front of the tray.
‘Help yourself.’ Cylvia smiled, ‘milk, juice or coffee.’
‘Coffee,’
‘Mrs. Lotman had dozens of fancy foods ordered, ‘Cylvia chuckled, ‘to bad I won’t be cooking.’
‘It’s Bella’s wedding and you were planning on spending it in the kitchen.’ Helen sipped her coffee, ‘instead of doing other things like meeting new people.’
Cylvia sighed and shook her head, ‘cooking e\helps me relax—I am sure to be tense until the minister pronounce them man and wife that will clear out the blurred lines.’
Helen looked at her steadily, ‘you really are crazy about Fred Lotman aren’t you?’
‘no, I don’t know—but I wouldn’t want to be with him I just feel bad that I blurted it out and now Bella hates me and I am too embarrassed to even say two words to Fred—when we used to be so close.’
‘Well Bella is a little vexed by the issue and Fred was a little taken aback but it’s not a crime to fall in love… I mean I would have loved him too if I hadn’t known what I would be getting myself into,’
‘Helen!’ Cylvia looked at her in shock.
Helen shrugged and picked up a muffin, ‘no hard feelings but Margaret Lotman is not the kind of person I need in my daily to do list… she reminds me of William.’
Cylvia laughed, ‘oh my god the whole world has gone insane—I can’t remember a time I have lived jaw dropped before.’
‘Uh oh what happened?’ Helen set the muffin down and narrowed her eyes at her
Cylvia inhaled lengthily, ‘well—you already know that I met Jane—well that wasn’t a shock until I saw the video of course.’
Helen nodded ruefully, ‘the poor girl could still be traumatized to have to see that and be able to film it.’
‘Yes—so before she came I met this guy.’ Cylvia narrated her encounter with Joseph and at the end said, ‘so after the video I decided to go through old primary school picture books and that’s when I recognized him.’
‘So you know him?’
‘Yes—well back then—he was such a withdrawn but dangerous little thing and being me I tried to be friends with him. That didn’t go so well because he avoided me like the plague.’
‘I can imagine.’
‘because of me a lot of kids mocked him about having a girlfriend—he was from the orphanage after all—and I was considered a rich kid—he got all the painful mocking.’
‘That is just awful.’ Helen picked up her muffin
‘I know—but how can I forget about that?’
‘It was long time ago!’
‘Yes but it was something that had hunted me for a while—how can I just forget it.’
‘So you are going to let him know that you remember him?’
‘No way—I will have to avoid him—I hope to never see him again.’
Timothy walked in and sat beside Helen. ‘Who’s the poor guy?’ he picked up a muffin
‘No one you know!’ Helen said and bit into her muffin.
‘There is no one I don’t know in Farmland
‘Oh is that supposed to be a thing?’ Cylvia scoffed
‘I could be helpful in some of your exploits.’
Helen choked on her muffin and Cylvia took steps back
‘What?’ they said in unison
Timothy tilted his head to one side, ‘what did I say?’
‘Exploits.’ Helen said
‘Uh—you know since you are working here and David San is making supply and demand a pain all farmers are expanding their markets.’
‘Uh.’ Cylvia relaxed, ‘so you are educated after all.’
Timothy narrowed his yes at the two women, ‘what did you think I meant?’
They were saved from the question when Charlie and Gerald walked in and took the empty chairs
‘We smelled them from outside,’ Gerald said as he picked up a muffin.
‘No he smelled them I just wanted to escape Disney land out there.’ Charles also picked up a muffin
‘Disney land?’
‘Yes,’ Charles nodded, ‘must all weddings be feminine? Try a masculine approach for heaven’s sake—all men will be feeling sissy tomorrow.’
‘I agree.’ Timothy said
‘You could try to be the mature one!’ Cylvia looked at him
‘Charles has a valid point—why must women be in charge of decorating weddings—
‘Oh please guys don’t care what the decoration are.’ Gerald pointed out, ‘his eyes are always on the bride.’
‘That’s a very valid point.’
Helen and Cylvia exchanged glances
‘’in fact weddings should be short—just exchange the vows and go home.’
‘Where is the fun in that?’ Cylvia rolled her eyes
‘The fun is at the end of the day!’ timothy said
Charles choked and laughed hard. Gerald just grinned mirroring Timothy’s goofy grin
Helen banged her cup on the counter, ‘seriously Timothy—when did you become so narrow minded?’
‘Right?’ Cylvia agreed with her
Timothy looked directly at Helen, ‘I used to be open minded about this.’
Helen scoffed, ‘oh when was such a golden time?’
‘When I actually wanted to marry.’
Charles stopped laughing and he and Gerald grew serious while their eyes landed on the two—Helen and Timothy.
‘Wow—that’s just –‘Helen gave up trying to form words and looked away. She had also avoided him since that night in the cabin. Now he had to do this to her in the middle of a crowded kitchen
‘Anyway—so which one of you encouraged dad to hire Jake San?’ Charles asked
Three pairs of eyes landed on him
‘Who is responsible for opening the door for the enemy to come in and spread his legs in our property?’
Helen reached for another muffin, the last thing she needed was to hear about Jake. She will have to face him at the office on Monday and she would not think about him until that day arrives.
‘I will have an early night—big day tomorrow.’ She picked up her cup of coffee and left the kitchen. Charlie carried on with his investigation about who let Jake san in the Philips premises.


BELLA DIDN’T KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT on her wedding day morning but it wasn’t a heavily pregnant Susan walking into her room while Helen, Cylvia and Catherine were still deciding what to do with her hair.
Bella gasped and shot out of the stuffed chair. Susan beamed and waved at her. Bella rushed to hug her. She pulled back and stared at her friend mouth agape
‘Oh my god—you are here!’
‘I am here Bella this isn’t a dream.’
‘You travelled all the way here.’
‘Of course I wouldn’t miss my best friend’s wedding for the world—Johnny will just have to endure the stress for a while.’
Bella squealed, ‘I am so happy to see you.’
‘And I had to come for myself you didn’t write to me for three days.’ Susan pouted
‘Oh I was going to write you an exclusive.’
Susan scoffed, ‘when? Probably not tonight—or any other night for the next whole week.’
‘Susan!’ Helen, Cylvia and Catherine cried and laughed out loud.
Susan walked into the room with awkward steps because of her big belly.
‘So how have you been?’ Cylvia asked as Susan eased herself into a stuffed chair by the window.
‘Being pregnant? It’s been treacherous.’
Helen snorted, ‘I have missed this character in the house.’
‘Wait a minute!” Bella raised a hand, ‘who made this arrangement?’
Susan rolled her eyes and Cylvia said, ‘well Helen and I interviewed every mother in Farmland and spoke with a number of nurses in order to collect enough information to convince Lloyd that Susan can travel.’
Bella stared at her open-mouthed and others laughed.
‘wow this is the best surprise ever—thank you all so much and thank you Susan for dragging Johnny all the way here.’ Bella gushed.
Catherine giggled, ‘you are really going to call him Johnny?’
Susan shrugged, ‘I just do it to annoy Lloyd when he starts to go all caveman on me.’
‘Seriously?’ Bella snorted, ‘that’s a huge crime.’
‘A girl’s got to do what she got to do.’
‘I agree.’ Helen said
They chatted for an hour while preparing Bella for the wedding. There was so much to catch on. Susan did the honor of quoting everything Bella wrote and verified it.
‘Breakfast!’ Mrs. Phillips came into the room with tray of cups of coffee and muffins
‘Good timing!’ Susan exclaimed, ‘a little caffeine and sugar will get us through the excitement of today huh Johnny?’
Catherine was laughing, ‘please don’t call him that.’
‘oh you need all the excitement you can get—things are a little perky out there—Mr. Philips is not used to having so many people he doesn’t know strolling around his property he’s about to release the bull dogs on them.’
‘There are that many people?’ Bella‘s eyes widened
‘Have you ever seen the guest list?’ Helen asked her
‘I chose to stay away from it—Mrs. Lotman and I argued about it and I lost.’
‘oh for Pete’s sake—it’s nice to have all these people visit our little town—it gets interesting to have a lot of new people to talk to.’ Mrs. Philips said then sighed looking at Bella, ‘you are the most dashing bride I have ever seen.’
‘Thanks mom.’ Bella smiled
‘Oh—I will be downstairs—you have ten minutes before Mr. Philips will be taping his foot while waiting for you down stairs.’
Mrs. Philips walked out.
‘You both got your wild funny side from your mom.’ Helen remarked, ‘though I think Bella got a larger chunk of it.’
Cylvia smiled, ‘that’s true.’
‘You guys are seriously not making fun of my genetic make-up on my wedding day!’
The walk downstairs was excruciatingly slow since she didn’t want to fall on her heels or according to Helen ruin the dress’s flow. Mr. Philips smiled when he saw her, ‘you are so beautiful Bella.’ He handed her a bouquet of flowers and hooked her arm in his. Bella inhaled deeply. Stepping out of her house felt like she had entered into another dimension. Besides the beautifully done decorations there were the reporters Mrs. Lotman was talking about. The people she didn’t know but had met briefly and had to remember because they were friends and business partners.
‘Walk smile and wave!’ Mrs. Lotman mouthed to her with a smile as she walked past where she was sitting. Bella smiled before she lifted her eyes and met Fred’s. And everything else that was happening outside really didn’t matter.




40


HELEN OBSERVED HER PROFESSIONAL FORMAL EXPRESSION and nodded in approval before she exited the room. As she neared the office she began to feel her determination thaw a little. Who was she kidding? No matter how many times she declined it—Jake San had sky rocketed into her heart and landed with a loud bang. It will just be a matter of time before she gave up and let go and just like every other reality in her life she will get hurt. 
Her mind returned to reality when she heard two men laughing as she got close to the door. She paused for a moment trying to make out the other voice. Where they to receive a visitor today? She wasn’t sure—with the thing she was involved in with Officer David and Cylvia it was possible that people may just drop in unannounced—the Officer had warned them about certain people being suspicious of Helen.
But from the way the man was chatting with Jake—he couldn’t have been a stranger to him. She knocked once and pushed the slightly closed door wide open. She used a little too much force because the door swung inward and came into contact with the wall in a loud bang.
The two men stopped their conversation and turned startled gazes at her
‘Sorry.’ Helen said as her eyes landed on the stranger. He was tall, bulky and handsome. Everything else about him, his pensive expression and studious unblinking eyes said he did not live in Farmland and somehow pinned him in the same category of dangerous people that Jake belonged to. Whatever that was.
‘Helen!’ Jake rose from his seat and flashed her a smile. ‘Good morning.’
Good as always, Helen noted as she subconsciously ran her eyes all over him
‘You are Helen!’ the stranger also rose and extended his hand to her, ‘Joseph Wild at your service.’
Helen mused over the name wild mentally as she turned to look at him and did not miss the small smile on Jake’s face- almost as if he was enjoying a secret-
‘Oh hello—who are you and how do you know about me?’ Helen narrowed her eyes at him
Joseph smiled, ‘I am the one you are waiting for.’
Helen scowled in confusion, ‘I don’t- think I have been waiting for anybody.’
His brow creased, ‘why that’s weird—I am sure a lady named Helen was waiting for my arrival.’
‘I don’t think I am that Helen.’ Her eyes darted to Jake who was trying to act like he was minding his own business while staring at this computer
Her phone buzzed. It was Officer David.
‘Helen, just thought I should check in with you.’
‘Sure—what’s up?’ she quipped while keeping her eyes on Joseph then Jake
‘I just sent a tall bulky fella at your office, he will arrive soon that’s the man I told you about the other day.’
Helen almost groaned, ‘oh!’
‘So when you see him do have a talk with him—and make sure that San thug is not around I heard that he is now working for you.’
‘Yes—can you imagine?’
‘Oh believe me I can—be careful and discreet, call me as soon as you are done with him.’
‘Sure.’
Jake picked up the mug of his desk and walked out.
Helen waited until she saw him walk across the yard from the window before she put her phone down and gestured at a chair in front of her desk
‘Have a seat Mr. Joseph.’
Joseph flashed her a smile as he eased into the chair, ‘please just call me Joseph.’
‘Okay—so Joseph. Why are you here?’
‘Is that really the question you are going to ask me first?’
‘Yes Joseph and I want the answer.’
He chuckled under his breath before he said, ‘well for an introduction I grew up here—what you would refer to as the slums of Farmland—when it comes to all the evil that happens to unsheltered children I have all the data.’
Helen raised her eyebrow, ‘what would be the slums of Farmland?’
‘I grew up in the orphanage Helen—life was not rosy there at all,’
Helen watched him silently for a moment, ‘if you knew that evil lurked in the slums and those people are in danger why didn’t you come before now?’
He smiled, ‘a very good question, but I will answer you another time—what matters is that I am here and this case need to be taken care of.’
Helen pressed her lips together, ‘I don’t think I like you.’
He grinned, ‘good—I think we can work together.’ He stood up, ‘I have to go somewhere—I will be in touch.’
Helen tilted her head to one side and raised an eyebrow, ‘I am not done talking to you yet.’
‘I think we are done—I will call.’
He strode out of the little office leaving Helen’s mouth hanging open.


CYLVIA WAS COMING FROM HER morning routine walk. The livestock had seemed a little more reckless than ever that morning. Especially the mother cow who lost her calf last night. The search had to begin early in the morning and it would have been smooth and less work if the animals didn’t behave as if they were having a protest. And now they were not even sure if some of the animals were really missing or were raided by chief san’s guards. Mrs. Philips said to leave it alone but Cylvia hated such confusion and uncertainty on her records.
Huffing at the thought she came to the compound and removed her hat. It must have been around ten in the morning now and the workers were about their work as she made her way towards the office bungalow.
There was a lot of work for them to do now with going through the records and paperwork to figure out all this confusion. She will need to bake and make pastries because they were bound to work until late nights to figure this one out. 
‘Hey I said I am not done talking to you!’ the authority in Helen’s voice made her to stop and look in her direction. But instead of Helen, her eyes landed on a tall man with a face she recognized on the spot. She froze when their gazes locked. It would have been better if she hadn’t remembered him.
‘Cylvia!” he flashed a smile, ‘I was hoping to see you.’
Cylvia chuckled nervously in order to hide a groan, ‘can’t say the same.’
‘Uh—people are being indifferent to me this morning—or is it that you remembered me?’ he raised an eyebrow
‘So what if I did?’ Cylvia said nonchalantly
‘It would make things easier for both of us.’ He stepped closer to her and lowered his voice, ‘since we will be working together very closely.’
She scowled at him, ‘please don’t tell me Mr. Philips hired another handy man!’ her voice full of dread.
The corners of his mouth twitched, ‘oh I can be very handy!’
Cylvia was about to reply when Helen reached them with an intimidating expression on her face. Joseph stepped back and nodded as if he was approving what he was looking at.
‘I will see you ladies around.’ And he turned and strode towards his car.
‘Please tell me he came to buy supplies or something other than working here—I already have Jake San to avoid I don’t think I can manage two people.’
Helen gave her a funny look, ‘since when did you start avoiding people?’
Since she saw the horrifying video. Who would have believed that such heinous things were taking place in a small town like Farmland?
‘We’ll talk in Bella’s room later same time.’
Cylvia wanted an answer to the question that she asked but held her tongue when she saw Jake approaching them with a steamy cup of coffee. She pressed her lips together and turned to walk towards the house
‘Good morning Cylvia, it’s so uplifting to see you.’
Cylvia flashed him a token smile, ‘I can say the same about you Jake.’ She resisted the urge to say his surname SAN out loud.
‘See you around.’
Cylvia marched into the house and closed the door with a sigh. She went straight to the kitchen and began to take out all the baking equipment. The day was already starting out to be dramatic—she had one remedy to deal with such level of stress.
Soon the kitchen was filled with the smell of vanilla essence, dough and chocolate. She smiled when she thought that her dream when she was growing up was to own a bakery where she would bake a lot of delicious treats. She had the whole picture of it in her mind. It will just be simple and small but cute and welcoming. She did love running part of the farm, but baking was something that she was passionate about.
The day drifted to an end pretty quickly and soon they had already tired of all the after dessert chatter and she was in Bella’s old room with Helen before she knew it.
Helen told her all she knew about Joseph.
‘I thought Officer David was sending someone from the authorities?’
Helen shrugged, ‘and he is—I made a few calls today I have old friends who can find out these things. Officer David doesn’t want this to become public at all so Joseph is sort of like a private investigator.
Cylvia wanted to groan—what have I gotten myself into—
‘I think this is more serious than we think.’ Cylvia tried hard to not let her apprehension show.
Helen looked at her levelly, ‘hey don’t worry too much—we are going to get to the root of all this and it will be over.’
‘Or it can just get worse—don’t you watch those kind of movies? God knows how many people are involved in all this?’
Helen laughed out loud, ‘am I hearing right or did Cylvia just mention a movie?’
‘It’s something to do with being in Bella’s room, it makes me to miss her.’
‘I know me too.’
‘We should do something to help our mind off things—like another party.’
Cylvia gave her a bored look, ‘I don’t think I can handle a crowd right now—most people from Bella’s wedding are still lurking around town.’
Helen raised a finger about to make a point when her phone rang
‘Who is it?’ Cylvia asked when she saw the tension on Helen’s face
‘David San.’ Helen said in a clipped tone 
Cylvia raised an eyebrow, ‘why is David San calling you? Oh forget that one—why do you have his number?’
‘Always have important details of your enemy, its rule number one.’
Again Cylvia repeated the question of what she has gotten herself into. Helen was enjoying this like her life thrived on poking polar bears and making a run for her life. Cylvia, whose life has been peaceful and in routine most of the time didn’t appreciate the intruding that she had with her eyes open dragged herself into
‘Do you want me to put it on speaker?’
Cylvia shook her head, ‘no—you take care of your call, I will go to sleep this meeting is over.’




41


HELEN DREW IN A DEEP BREATH before dialing the number and putting the phone on her ear. He answered after the second ring.
‘It’s twelve am midnight.’
‘Sorry to wake you.’
‘I wasn’t asleep.’
Helen rolled her eyes, ‘so why are you reminding me about the time if you were not asleep?’
‘What do you want?’
Whoa somebody was cranky! But she chose to ignore his bad mood because she was so mad at David San and was almost being overwhelmed by the desire to stomp him out.
‘Do you still want to scandalize your brother?’
She was responded by a small gasp and then a stiff silence. Which was weird, she thought he would jump at the opportunity since he had been the one to propose the idea and pushed her about it for days. What was he doing this time of the night such that he was not his usual self?
‘Good night Helen!’
And he ended the call. Helen lowered her phone and gaped at it. Maybe he had changed his mind and listened to her after all. Why would he listen to that? At the time she had thought that David San could be greedy but didn’t deserve the treatment but after the arrogant call he made an hour ago she didn’t care about it anymore.


YOU DID IT ALLISON! The Fred Lotman story is doing so well. Forgive my prejudice for weddings.’
Allison cringed at Joel’s unusual elation. Joel was never this elated, so this was very suspicious on all levels
‘Uhm, thanks.’
‘you did well I repeat—and I am crammed with visitors here asking me about Farmland, you should get back here and help me out—you have a first-hand experience.’
Her mouth dropped open in disbelief, she glanced at the phone with wide eyes before returning it on her ear, ‘you are letting me leave Farmland?’
‘Yes, you don’t have to stay there anymore. I can send someone else to follow the chief San story.’
Allison sucked in a breath. There was no way in heaven or on earth that Joel was going to tell her to return after she was just growing to like the San story. Wasn’t he the one who begged her to follow it? Well she hasn’t exactly been updating him on her interesting findings. She was just starting to follow the story of the missing girl. She was going to talk to Officer David and a lady stumbled in the police station to report that her daughter had ran away from home. It was common for teenagers to run in this small town but this particular case piqued her interest. The mother wanted Officer David to question Cylvia Phillips for she had been the last person who had been seen with her daughter.
Officer David tried to calm the woman down before he led her to his office and they had a long chat. The woman came out looking defeated. Allison had followed the woman discreetly and started chatting with her. Putting her journalistic techniques to work.
‘He said that it is common for young people to run away in Farmland.’ The woman sniffled, ‘but I know Jane, she would never just take off like that—I am sure Cylvia Phillips would know where she went.’
‘Was she close to Cylvia Phillips?’
The fact that one of the Phillips family members was involved made it all interesting. 
‘I don’t know, but one of the workers at the diner saw her have a long chat with her, I just wanted to ask if she has any clue.’
Allison had stopped questioning the woman. She obviously knew nothing much. But Allison couldn’t let the issue go and she still could not put her finger on it.
‘Wait Joel, I’d like to stay.’ She said coming back to the present.
She heard a shocked splutter of sighs from him, ‘what did you say?’
‘I said I am staying—David San is unfolding a drama here and I am not going anywhere until I see where this is ending up.’
A shocked pause, ‘you have got to be kidding me.’
‘What? Why are you so shocked?
‘Why am I so shocked? Is that even a question? Why am I shocked Allison?’
‘I grew to like the story and Farmland is not that bad.’
Another long pause, ‘you know—I will call later to see if you are still sure about this and then we can talk.’
She threw her phone on the passenger seat and stepped on the accelerator. She will deal with Joel later, now she had to see Cylvia Philips.
Helen pulled the page out of the machine and tossed it on the floor where a hundred other fault print out were already sprawled all over. Either she forgot how to print out documents over night or she was not supposed to come to the office at all. She thought that when she woke up she would be a little calm but she was madder the moment she opened her eyes. David San was the ultimate of all bullies, in fact the word bully did no justice to the vile human that he was. But seriously she really wasn’t mad about that.
To be more honest with herself, she was mad because she had finally let go a little of her defenses and called Jake last night and he brushed her off. She felt like an idiot each time she recalled that stupid phone call conversation. Maybe he had been in the middle of something or it was really late for such a phone call, surely she could have waited until this morning to breach the topic with him. But then she reacted like the idiot that she was and scared the guy off such that he chose not to come to work at all to face her.
She wanted to sink to the floor and drown in the sea of papers on the floor with her head in her hands and despair loudly.
‘What in the name of all that is holy? What happened Miss Helen are you alright?’
She jumped at the cleaner’s voice. She looked at the papers on the floor and cringed when she realised what the lady was seeing before she looked back at her
No I am fine just a glitch with the printer.’
‘Oh you better get that thing fixed.’’
‘Yes.’
‘Anyway—there is someone here.’
‘Who?’
The lady finally got over her shock but still winced a little when she looked at the floor, ‘a lady is here asking for Cylvia.’
‘Cylvia isn’t here,’
‘She is still on her rounds with the herders, so I thought she could speak with you instead,’
Helen inhaled deeply, she really wasn’t in a state to relate with humans right now, at least until she lashed out at Jake for his behavior.
‘Okay send her to the office.’
The lady nodded and with one more glance at the room she rushed off. Helen rushed out of the room and closed the door. She will have to clean up the mess later. She walked to the office and sank into her chair. Moments later there was a knock on the door and Allison came in.
‘Helen Jones!’ Allison beamed at her. The woman could get away with anything with that smile
‘Allison?’
Allison came and sat herself opposite her without waiting for Helen’s invitation, ‘I hope I am not intruding.’
‘You are the one who was looking for Cylvia?’
Allison nodded, ‘yes, I just wanted to talk about an issue that is bound to arrive here before the day ends,’
Helen raised her eyebrows, ‘excuse me?’
Allison paused for a few precious seconds while Helen tried to locate anything that could have happened other than David San, rude men and her reeling emotions.
‘Well I was hoping to speak with Cylvia but I am beginning to think that this may involve all the Phillips and you do live and work here.’
Helen felt a fire alarm go off inside her. Cylvia was not one to have any scandals following her around. Helen felt bad for even involving her in the girls’ issue already, what could it be about now?
‘What do you mean?’
‘Well I wanted to see officer David and this woman marched in yelling that her daughter had ran away from home.’
Helen felt her stomach twisting, oh no—why did she have the feeling that she knew the girl that Allison was talking about.
‘She mentioned that Cylvia was seen with her at the diner the day before she left.’
Crap that was it! How much did this writer know? And why was she following in on this, shouldn’t officer David be the one to go around questioning people?
‘I’m afraid I am not aware of what you are talking about!’ Helen said impassively
‘It’s just recent news, it will be all over town by today’s end, I just thought I should warn you of what is coming?’
Helen narrowed her eyes, ‘why?’ 
Allison smiled, ‘good question—why is it that Cylvia Phillips was the last to see the girl before she ran away?’
Helen took a deep breath, ‘isn’t this all in the wrong order?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘You are not the police or anything, you have no right or ground to question anyone as though they were a suspect.’
‘Oh dear me I do not mean to imply that Cylvia Phillips is a suspect,’
‘So what were you going to write?’
Allison looked unfazed by the insult, ‘you think I want a story out of this?’
‘All good novelists love a good suspense.’ Helen said with a taut smile, ‘you have been pulling articles out of this community a lot lately and no offense but it makes my stomach churn that you would suddenly move from weddings to crime scenes in a heartbeat.’
‘Believe me that makes two of us.’ Allison said nodding, ‘and I would consider the Cylvia Phillips being involved issue a serious case Miss Helen Jones—the mother of that girl is not going to shut her mouth about it until she figures out why Cylvia was seen with her daughter.’
‘Well then, thank you for the heads up, I’m afraid I can’t see you out I have work to do.’
Allison smiled widely as she stood up and started for the door.
Helen waited until she saw her get in her car from her window before she picked up her phone a dialed Cylvia’s number.
Allison smiled to herself as she drove easily down the dusty road. Of course she wasn’t expecting anyone to cooperate. Too bad she couldn’t see Cylvia but meeting Helen was even better. Helen just proved that something more was going on. Something that made Officer David to not pay attention to the girl’s mother’s claims. She was determined to find out what ever that was.


HOLD STILL.’ Charles growled at Gerald as he tried again to fix the decoration on the curtain rail. He shook himself a little to test the balance of the ladder he was stepping on that Gerald was holding to keep it still.
‘Stop whining and get this over with,’
‘leave your phone for a moment and concentrate on making sure I don’t lose my life while putting up Christmas decorations—there are worse ways to die.’
Gerald scoffed, ‘stop wasting my time.’
Charles finally hooked the lights on the rail and sighed in relief as he began to climb down the ladder. Gerald had already left the ladder and was fully concentrated on his phone.
‘You put up the other decorations,’ Charles peered at his phone, ‘who are you talking to anyway?’
Gerald shoved his phone against his chest, ‘none of your business.’
Gerald was a popular guy at school he could be chatting with the entire senior year class or half of the school including the teachers. Charles often wondered how he maintained his high status and still had good grades. Most of the teachers were worshiping him on graduation day and Charles only hoped no one expected him to be like his brother. It was never easy to come from one of the respected families in the community. People always expected a certain standard from that fact. And the fact that Mr. Phillips seemed to have close relations with the Sans didn’t help either.
‘Fine then can we just get this over with? I can’t spend the entire day decorating this huge house.’ Charles said through his teeth.
‘Guys, Mrs. Phillips is expecting visitors tomorrow and she is at the brink of an anxiety attack.’ Helen said as she came downstairs carrying a big box, Charles assumed with despair were more Christmas decorations.
Gerald slipped his phone in the pocket and took the box from her, ‘I’ve got it from here!’ he flashed her a smile
‘Thank you Gerald.’
Charles resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Gerald has a huge crush on Helen which often went without being noticed.
‘Helen is the kind of woman that you live to please and cherish.’ He often said
‘And she is older than you.’ Charles always remembered to remind him
‘Age is just a number- besides she is only three years older than me.’ He would grin and Charles would either punch his arm or roll his eyes.
‘Hello guys!’ Jake waved at them as he strode into the living room with another box, ‘Mrs. Phillips asked me to bring this.’
Charles groaned, ‘somebody should stop her we are not expecting the president.’
‘We are expecting Mrs. Lotman.’ Helen said as she came back into the living room with scissors and tape, ‘and that makes a big difference.’
Jake sunk his hands in his pockets and watched Helen with a wolfish smile as she sauntered past him, clearly ignoring him. Gerald was glaring daggers at his back. Charles wanted to laugh out loud.
‘Hello Helen, it’s good to see you this morning!’ Jake’s smile grew as she turned to him with a scowl
‘I can’t say the same.’ Helen raised her chin, ‘shouldn’t you be decorating the palace for Christmas or something?’ pause, then mock surprise, ‘oh right—you have the palace maids to do that for you.’ She grabbed decorations out of the box and marched back to the kitchen.
Charles came closer to him, ‘what did you do to make her mad?’
Jake raised an eyebrow, ‘I really don’t know—I tend to do a lot of things.’
‘Maybe you should just give her time to cool down, she almost looked ready to jab you with that scissors!’
Jake laughed, ‘I know right!’
Charles lifted the box that Jake had come with and started going through it. Year after year they unpacked and packed these decorations that would cover the whole house. This year was marked extra special by Mrs. Philips because Bella was visiting home. She had only been gone for two months and everyone behaved as if she had been gone for a lifetime.
He heard Jake and Gerald whispering to each other and he strained his ears to pick up the name Cadence and date. He knew that girl. She was popular in school as well as outside of it. He still couldn’t get why Gerald would be interested in her and why Jake of all people would be relaxed about it. For all he knew, Mrs. Phillips or Cylvia would suffer heart attacks when they learn about the girl that Gerald was seeing. 
Helen smiled in satisfaction when the rosary finally stuck to the door and hoped the thing will not fall again when someone banged it. They’d spend the fair amount of the morning just to put the decorations in place. Now they were all done and a sweet aroma wafted past her nose from the house. Cylvia was baking something that was making her mouth water. She badly needed a cup of coffee and one of those chocolate chip muffins.
She put the hammer and nails back in Mr. Phillips’ tools box. She chuckled when she recalled the look on his face when she had asked him for it.
‘What in the world do you want to do with a tools box? Where are the boys?’ he has asked with narrowed and slightly alarmed eyes.
Mrs. Phillips had been right about Mr. Philips’ soft spot for daughters. She pushed the box against the wall and turned to rush through the door towards her destination. The kitchen. Her dreamy smile and urge for coffee faded when she found Jake lazily seated on one of the stools and sinking his teeth into a chocolate chip muffin. Cylvia’s features were full of laughter and Helen wanted to roll her eyes.
It seemed like Jake finally managed to get into Cylvia’s good graces after all.
‘He really isn’t a bad guy.’ Cylvia had shrugged and then narrowed her eyes, ‘and I really don’t know why you don’t like him that much—you were the one who used to hang out with him those first days when everyone had avoided him like the plague.’
Helen had simply shrugged, ‘I saw what I was missing,’ she was not going to admit that she didn’t like the way Jake made her feel. Or that she didn’t want to be attracted to him but still couldn’t help it. And there was this case that was a secret of course that she was still mad at him for making a fool of her. After that call he didn’t come to the office for a whole week and she refused the instinct to call him. When he turned up later on she avoided the topic as if her life depended on it.
Cylvia’s face turned neutral as Helen sat on the stool at the far end of the kitchen island.
She picked up a muffin and sank her teeth into it and smiled when it tasted exactly as she had been expecting.
‘You managed to put up the rosary?’ Cylvia put a cup of coffee in front of her
‘Thanks—yep—I put Mr. Philips’ tools box to very good use.’
Cylvia shook her head, ‘I can just imagine,’
Helen shook her head, ‘what is it about me that suggests that I can’t handle a tools box.’
‘Oh I didn’t say that.’ Cylvia raised her hands, 
Jake chuckled softly and Helen cast a death glare at him which only made him to laugh harder. Cylvia bit her lip trying not to laugh
‘Am I missing something?’ she put her cup down and scowled at them both.
‘Miss Cylvia can you come?’
Three pairs of eyes landed on the disheveled herd boy by the kitchen door.
Cylvia immediately took off her apron and rushed after him. Helen and Jake exchanged a look before following them outside. It didn’t take long to locate where the commotion was. A woman sat in the middle of the yard with her hands on her head shouting loudly. Helen’s mouth hung open as she immediately recognized Jane’s mother. Officer David had talked to them about the issue after sabotaging the rumors. He told them to be alert that something about this Jane girl was not right. They were still in the middle of locating the girl in the city and learning disturbing things in the process. After two weeks without success, they finally managed to contact the relative that Jane was going to live with who told them that she had no idea of what they were talking about. In fact she didn’t even know who Jane was.
Cylvia tried to console the woman but the woman only cried harder and shoved Cylvia’s hands away before attempting to attack her. Only she didn’t manage to because Jake came between them and captured her hand before it connected with his face.
The woman froze when she recognized Jake and guilt swept past her features before she sobered completely and backed away.
‘Everyone return to work—we will take care of Ms. Cleo.’
How did Jake know the woman? Helen wondered as people began to disperse from the scene as Jake stared every one down. He flashed Cylvia and Helen a look that demanded them to follow him before he began to march into the house pulling Ms. Cleo with him.
Helen and Cylvia exchanged an apprehensive gaze and followed him.
The woman followed quietly as he led her to what was once Bella’s room and shut the door when everyone was inside. Mr. and Mrs. Philips had gone to the stored for groceries or else the commotion would have been worse.
Jake shoved the woman into a chair. Helen gasped at his rough behavior
‘Jake!’
Jake pinned the woman with a look that made Helen shudder. He looked scary like she had never seen him before. Even domineering.
‘What did I say about never seeing you again?’ he growled at her.
Cylvia and Helen took steps back in shock.
The woman looked frightened, ‘you were not supposed to be here.’
‘So that’s why he was trying to send me away to an errand? For this?’
The woman looked back at Jake with pleading eyes, ‘please Jake I am not involved in all this, I was just scared.’ She looked close to tears.
‘You are lying!’ Jake snarled.
‘Jake!’ Helen took a step towards him, ‘stop.’
He turned to look at her with the same furious expression. Helen took a step back, frightened as well and his features softened immediately.
‘Jake how do you know this woman?’ Cylvia asked calmly—maybe too calmly for the situation
Jake kept his eyes on Helen, she knew what he was seeing, her fear. Helen has never been afraid of anyone that way for a very long time. Not that she was presently afraid of Jake—hell no. the scene just brought back a very bad memory. One that she had long erased because it was too much to walk around with. She averted her gaze from him and concentrated on the petrified woman.
‘Don’t even start with me there—it was easy for me to identify that you are involved in the brothel house case don’t even think that you are safe.’
‘Well that explains a lot!’ Helen looked at Jake, ‘why are you involved in it?’
‘I should be asking you? What do you think this is—the movies?’
‘What do you mean brothel house case?’ Cylvia asked, probably ignoring the tension in the room.
‘Exactly what it means.’ Jake glared at her, ‘and Officer David gets dumper with every passing year to have involved you girls into all this—I had to pull some strings to get Joseph to come here.’
‘Wait.’ Helen held up her hands and Cylvia mirrored the expression on her face, ‘you know Joseph?’
Jake mashed his mouth into a hard line, ‘I know a lot of things—I was hoping to get you out of this quietly until this idiot came wailing in the middle of the yard.’
Helen gaped at him and nodded slowly, ‘you know what? I have Christmas to prepare.’
‘Christmas?’ Cylvia gaped at her, ‘people want to know why this woman was wailing in the middle of the yard.’
‘Do we have to answer them?” Helen wondered
‘Unless you want David San to use it to his advantage—then yes, you need to answer them.’ Cylvia reasoned
‘I will take care of the people and David San, you go about your business.’ Jake said coolly
‘Since when do you get to decide things here?’ Helen pointed a finger at him
‘I have always decided things Helen.’
Helen clenched her fists, ‘I don’t like this—I don’t like this at all. How come all these people are involved—
‘In something you discovered and tried to take care of on your own,’ Jake finished her sentence, ‘seriously I have no idea what goes on inside your head at all.’
Helen cast him a death glare and the woman cleared her throat
‘c-can I go now master Jake?’ she asked timidly
‘No!’ they all yelled in unison
‘He is not a master.’ Helen cried and then turned to Jake, ‘are you?”
‘My brother is a chief.’
‘And you are his handy man?’ Cylvia scoffed
‘I have always thought the same thing.’ Helen said loudly, ‘and you know what? None of this makes sense anymore right now- so I’m going to do something sensible out there if you excuse me—and I won’t answer anyone that I am not obliged to.’
Jake held her arm so that she doesn’t walk off and turned to Cylvia, ‘can you watch her for a minute—I have to talk to Helen.’
‘What?’ Cylvia bristled, ‘you want me to stand guard for a woman who thinks I kidnapped her daughter? She is not even tied down.’
‘I am not a killer.’ The woman defended herself
‘You tried to hit me.’ Cylvia pointed a finger at her.
‘She won’t harm you Cylvia she is just a hired actress and she doesn’t even know who Jane is,’ Jake reached to pat Cylvia’s arm and she stepped back away from him
‘Just go and talk, when you come back we solve this and then we decide how I will never set my eyes on you again.’ Cylvia said calmly with a dangerous undertone in her voice.
Helen folded he arms as Jake closed the door of her room and stood against it.
‘You know for someone who doesn’t live here you are way too familiar with the house.’
‘Mr. Philips asked me to feel at home and I am doing just that.’
‘This is not your home.’
Jake scoffed, ‘what’s home to you? That crappy cabin that you used to live in?’
Helen clenched her fists, ‘well I’m sorry master Jake, not all of us were born with a silver spoon in the mouth!’ she said, ‘but looking at you there is nothing fancy about that—your money did nothing for you in any way possible—you are just hopeless.’
‘Wow—you are really mad at me—you are very mean when you are mad.’
‘You—you are mean all the time.’
‘He folded his arms across his chest and raised an eyebrow, ‘all the time.’
‘Since the day I met you—your meanness have made my life a chaotic existence.’
Okay maybe that was a little exaggerated but she was too mad and it seemed like no words, harsh or gentle got to the man.
Jake’s mouth hung open for a moment before he managed to speak, ‘Helen.’ His voice and features gentle all of a sudden, ‘the only reason I ignored your call and you for a whole week was because I didn’t want to put you in danger.’
‘Ha!’ Helen scoffed, ‘that didn’t bother me at all.’
Who was she kidding—it bothered her a lot. David had bullied her on the phone and she needed someone to sympathize with her only to get a cold shoulder. For once after a long time she was willing to not take care of her struggles on her own and maybe she had gone mad or she was desperate but she thought she could actually call Jake about it. Well blood was thicker than water after all.
‘Well when you seem to be hurt over it that means it bothered you a lot.’
Her fingers dug into her palm because they were itching to jab at him angrily. She pressed her lips together to calm herself
‘I didn’t want to hurt you Helen.’
She shook her head, ‘forget that—tell me about the brothel house and mostly why you and your brother are involved in it.’
‘We are not done with the other topic yet.’
‘I say that we are.’
‘You just can’t shut me out without letting me explain.’
Helen chuckled humorlessly, ‘what is there to explain? I am the idiot who have fallen in love with a chaos like you—seriously I must be crazy.’
Jake froze for a moment and she realized what she has just said. She stared back at him and took steps back when he moved from the door and stalked towards her.
‘You can’t take that back.’
‘That I’m a crazy idiot?’
A slow smile spread across his face, ‘say that again.’ He kept moving closer, ‘say that you love me.’
She stopped backing away and when he got closer she put her palms against his chest to stop him and keep a distance between them.
‘No—that came out wrong.’
‘Really?’
‘I just said so!’
He sighed, ‘okay— so what do you want to know about the brothel; house?’
‘Everything—why David San of all people is involved in all this?’
Jake shook his head, ‘don’t you think that this has a powerful person behind it?’
‘David San?’
‘Will you please drop the surname?’
Helen ignored him, ‘so what makes you think that it’s a brothel house?’
‘Girls are abducted from villages to brothel houses—I’m surprised that you haven’t figured that out.’
Helen folded her arms across her chest, ‘so you are also involved in kidnapping these girls? And let’s start with the immediate issue—who is that Ms. Cleo?’
‘David found Jane before she left the village and the girl told him everything—Ms. Cleo is a way to divert the villagers’ attention from what is happening. That way he can confront you indirectly because clearly you are in his way.  
‘Wait a minute—are you telling me that David San is behind all this because that’s a little too biased considering that I started to suspect these events before he even came here.’
‘And took over all authority positions in the village.’
Helen shook her head. This just wasn’t right. And why should she even believe a word he said. Jake, for all she knew was just after his brother for whatever reasons and was looking to pile all of Farmland’s problems on him.
‘You don’t believe me do you?’ Jake looked at her in disbelief
‘Is there any reason for me to?’
‘Yes—David is the same guy who stole your aunt’s business and send her out of her house—the same guy who sends guards to raid farms and confiscate people’s property.’
‘Yes and that makes him an insane person who at this point wouldn’t be insane enough to be involved in something like this.’ Her mind was reeling. So maybe David’s call wasn’t just about her property that she was demanding back or his response to her brazen declaration to get it back. Maybe he knew that she was helping those girls and she was behind the new team which is trying to take the whole thing down. Maybe he was aware that Cylvia was in it as well. Maybe he did get to Jane and that meant the Phillips were in danger now.
If only she hadn’t involved Cylvia into all this. If only she had just kept it to herself and dealt with it another way.
‘What am I going to do?’ she whispered the train of her thoughts, ‘this is all so messed up.’
‘’you will do nothing—you will back out of this right now, let Officer David, Joseph and me handle it.’
‘Oh really?’ Helen folded her arms across her chest, ‘then why haven’t you been handling it all this time smart men? You can’t just waltz into something you didn’t even start and kick me out of it.’
‘It’s for your safety.’
‘I am not backing out of anything—what is happening in Farmland is evil incarnate and I am not going to just sit back and watch it happening like a movie while you—YOU the people I don’t even trust claim to be taking care of it.’
‘I don’t even know why I am even trying to reason with you—you are out of this—both of you, do you want to put Cylvia in danger?’
Helen gaped at him, ‘of course not—I even regret dragging her into all this—I had thought—
‘That it’s just a small village thing and will be over soon—well sorry darling’ but this is far much bigger than you imagined.’
Helen clenched her fists and was about to say something when the door burst open pushing followed by Gerald
‘Sorry Helen—and Jake what are you two doing in here?’ a lopsided grin then, ‘But Mr. and Mrs. Phillips are back.’
Jake and Helen quickly followed Gerald out of the room and into the living room where a narrow eyed Mr. Phillips was waiting for some answers.
They all sat in the living room which was always Mr. Phillips call for a meeting such as this one. Cylvia sat rigidly in her chair wondering what the story was going to be and hoped she would not be the one to say it because the truth was bubbling at the front door of her lips.
‘So, can anyone tell me why a woman was wailing in the middle our yard? Or better yet why we were hearing in the roads that one of the Phillips murdered a woman’s child?’ Mrs. Phillips asked in a calm voice a hysteric undertone clear in it.
‘I think she escaped from one of those institutions,’ Charles began, ‘oh maybe I had thought so but when Jake pulled her out and she trotted obediently I am beginning to think that my first original theory is wrong so I also want an explanation from them.’ Charles turned his eyes at the three culprits. Cylvia, Helen and Jake.
Gerald, Mr. and Mrs. Phillips also looked at them.
‘She is from the orphanage.’ Helen said a little too relaxed for the situation, or maybe Cylvia already dictated her lie and was surprised at how at ease she was speaking while doing it, ‘she had a misunderstanding.’
‘What does that mean?’ Gerald asked
Cylvia and Jake looked at her quizzically
‘Well Cylvia had a little chitchat with one of the girls from the orphanage whom she recognized this other day and then the same girl ran away from Farmland so there was a spreading lie that Cylvia must know her whereabouts since she was the last person to speak with her.’ 
‘Do you?’ Mr. Phillips asked Cylvia. Cylvia only shook her head. She hated to be in this kind of light. She had always been the responsible one and she liked to keep it that way. At least Helen’s story had some truth to it but it was still a lie.
‘What does that have to do with the woman?’ Charles asked
‘She was very close to the girl back there or something like that and she is desperate to find her.’ Helen explained
‘Oh dear at least the rumors are not true.’ Mrs. Phillips put her hand on her chest.
‘Are you really believing that?’ Charles pointed at the three.
‘Do you have any other theory Sherlock?’ Gerald gave three him a look 
‘I do have common sense.’
‘I don’t think that is common.’ Cylvia said
‘Yes—it’s not, I can tell that there is something else going on here. Is Cylvia in trouble?’
Helen felt a lump in her throat, ‘why would she be?’ she managed to choke out
‘They think she had something to do with the vanished girl or did you not day that?’ Charles raised his eyebrows.
‘Charles!’ Mr. Phillips raised his hand, ‘just stop it.’
Charles clamped his mouth shut and Mr. Philips turned to Jake
‘Jake can I speak with you? And the rest of you continue decorating for Christmas, we still have guests coming.’
Charles approached Gerald by the fire place while Mrs. Phillips was interrogating Cylvia and Helen in the kitchen
‘Do you think there could be trouble?’ Charles whispered.
‘No Charles there isn’t any trouble, and why are you whispering.’
Charles shook his head, ‘this is serious Gerald—Cylvia could be a suspect.’
‘if that is the case then why haven’t we heard any news around town about the vanished girl and why haven’t officers and even David San’s guards come to escort her for questioning?’
Charles nodded feeling dump, ‘oh yeah—I hadn’t thought about that,’
‘It’s not like you ever really think at all.’ 




42


THE EXISTENCE of unspoken words related to an uncomfortable time bomb ticking topic hung heavily around the table during dinner time. Thankfully, Gerald and Charles always had useless topics to rattle on about and no one dwelt too much on the thought of what Jake and Mr. Phillips discussed in his study.
‘Last time Mr. Phillips had a talk with one of the sans just after another incident similar to this one, Jake came here.’ Helen wondered loudly as they were doing the dishes, ‘I wonder what bomb cooked this time.’
‘Oh it doesn’t matter, I don’t think I can be shocked anymore—this is such a mess. One day we were trying to just help the poor girls out, then we involved Officer David and now I still have no idea why the hell Jake San and his brother,’ pause, ‘are involved in all this.’
Helen breathed a heavy sigh, she was not going to answer that one—Cylvia didn’t know the part that Jake wanted to revenge his own brother. Her head would spin and Helen was just beginning to figure out how she can get Cylvia out of all this fiasco.
‘Let’s park that one for now,’ Helen sighed again, ‘we have a Christmas week arriving and it starts tomorrow, at least lets deal with that crisis.’
Cylvia laughed, ‘since when do you dread parties?’
‘Crowds are dangerous and I don’t know why Mr. and Mrs. Phillips are inviting all those people, do they do this every year?’
‘Uh yeah—and they are not just people, its Bella and Fred, and Mrs. Lotman and I hear that a family friend is also coming along. Then Susan and Lloyd are also coming—well they will be at the Graces but since the Graces were persuaded into spending Christmas week with us that means all the Graces will be here as well.’ Cylvia finished finally realizing that a lot of people were going to be around for a whole week. How did that happen?
‘Jake works here and if I heard him correctly he’d rather spend the holiday here, and he is also bringing a friend.’
‘Who—please tell me it’s someone I don’t know.’
Helen flashed her a tight smile, ‘Joseph.’
Cylvia groaned, ‘since when did Joseph and Jake become old friends?’
‘How would I know?’
The following morning, Mrs. Phillips was on her highest rate of anxiety as she made sure that all the guest rooms are well prepared and even checked the kitchen where Cylvia was cooking and baking away with slow enthusiasm.
‘Mr. Phillips the guests can’t arrive and find you sitting there like you have no worries in the world.’ Mrs. Phillips tapped her foot in front of him her hands on her hips
‘I don’t have any worries in the world!’ Mr. Phillips countered
‘This is not a good stance for Christmas.’
‘well I am not about to go around looking like I’m about to lose my hair—and I’m already starting to bald so I will save the little that I have.’
Helen pressed her lips together stifling a giggle as she stood by the door where Mrs. Phillips had told her to smile and shake hands with the guests when they arrive.
‘Is she like this every holiday?’ Helen whispered to Gerald
‘Since I was born.’ Gerald whispered back, ‘and it still surprises me even now.’
Helen giggled then and Mrs. Phillip’s was just turning to look at her when the sound of a flushing toilet resounded in the house. All gadgets and the TV had been turned off because Mrs. Phillips wanted to hear herself think. She looked at the ceiling like she could bore a hole in it.
‘Charles!” she hollered when she figured out the one responsible, ‘I said no using the bathroom until the guests arrive.’ She walked past Mr. Phillips and stomped upstairs. Mrs. Phillips did a sweep on his forehead and resumed going through his book.
‘Why isn’t Mr. Philips reading in his study?’
‘And have a lecture from mom?’ Gerald raised his eyebrows. Helen chuckled. Cylvia walked past them with a plate of cookies which she extended to Mr. Phillips and he picked three
‘Dear you are a life saver.’ He smiled
‘Just a little something to do until the guests arrive.’ Cylvia smiled back before she strutted to Helen and Gerald.
‘Why are you walking like that?’ Gerald looked at her cautiously
Cylvia shrugged, ‘trying to be professional.’
Helen picked a cookie, ‘you two should cooperate with Mrs. Phillips she is at the verge of a nervous breakdown.’
‘Can’t do anything about that—it’s her Christmas trademark.’ Gerald said nonchalantly biting into a cookie and moaning as he chewed on it.
‘When are they arriving?’ Helen rolled her eyes.
‘Fifteen minutes I think—the sooner the better.’
‘Don’t worry she will be relaxed and back to the good old Mrs. Phillips by dinner time.’ Cylvia waved her hand and strolled back into the kitchen.
‘This is insane.’ Helen shook her head but she loved this different kind of Christmas. Her Christmas memories were nothing to write home about.
‘Did you invite anyone?’
‘Why?’ Gerald narrowed his eyes.
‘Just counting how many people I’m going to hug and welcome at this door.’
Gerald snorted and laughed, ‘oh don’t complain—this is a noble profession—you set the base of how people will feel once they are inside, sweet guests or sour invaders.’
Helen shook her head, ‘who did this every year?’
‘It was Bella’s job—she hated the kitchen so she chose to welcome guests instead.’
‘I can relate.’
‘It’s not that bad!’ Charles mumbled as he stomped down the stairs an angry Mrs. Phillips at his heels. Gerald quickly made himself scarce and Helen stood perfectly by the door hoping that for the moment she was invisible
‘What do you want Charles?’
‘Headache pills!” Charles answered
Mrs. Philips gasped, ‘how dare you!’
And the doorbell rang
Fred and Bella were the first to arrive followed by a perfectly put together Mrs. Lotman.
‘Oh wow!’ Mrs. Lotman marveled at the Christmas décor just as Helen and Bella had stopped screaming after crashing each other with bear hugs.
‘Did you manage to get those headache pills?’ Mr. Phillips whispered to Charles and Mrs. Phillips cast them both a death glare which made them recoil a little.
‘This is lovely!’ Mrs. Lotman told Mrs. Philips
‘Oh we put in a little effort’
‘Good—there is no such thing as a turn off like a badly decorated Christmas home.’
Charles rolled his eyes before Mrs. Philips saw him
‘Mrs. Philips, you look lovely!’ Fred said with a smile
‘Oh drop it.’ Mrs. Philips waved a hand at him, ‘I look like I just escaped a tornado.’
Bella shook her head, ‘well you look better this year.’ Bella knew how her mother was like during this time of the year. Organizing things always set her on edge, the one you didn’t want to find yourself on its wrong side.
Cylvia came and shared a hug with Bella and some screaming as well. Mr. Philips shook his head and returned to the love seat followed by Fred who was laughing at what he was saying.
Mrs. Philips took Mrs. Lotman on a tour around the property while Helen, Cylvia and Bella went to the kitchen. 
Gerald and Charles were coerced into carrying the luggage to the different guest rooms.
‘All the guest rooms are occupied this year.’ Charles grumbled, ‘we should have just made a female and male room and problem solved.’
Gerald laughed, ‘aren’t you very practical!”
‘No seriously, at least the other guests are not staying here or I will have to pound someone.’
Gerald laughed and nodded in agreement.
The city agrees with you—you look so perfect!’ Helen smiled at Bella knowing very well what she was talking about
‘Why wouldn’t I? I have the best perfect female fashionista I meet every now and then.’ Bella said biting into a cookie. ‘Hmmn, I had missed these—I walked around countless bakeries and still couldn’t find the secret ingredient.’
‘You know I can teach you how to make those and you can bake them at home.’ Cylvia said
Bella shook her head, ‘I am still trying to get used to the basics of a cooking routine I can’t start baking as well I may burn down the kitchen.’
Helen and Cylvia laughed, ‘you said you are not working yet—you have all day to learn.’
‘I don’t want to encourage myself to stay at home all the time.’
‘Sounds like a sour topic.’
Bella rolled her eyes, ‘you don’t want to hear about all that believe me I will just bore you to tears.’
‘Oh come on—it can’t be boring with Fred Lotman.’ Helen wiggled her eyebrows and Cylvia threw an oven glove at her
‘Stow the flirting for Susan.’ She said, ‘did you meet them?’
‘Of course—they have such a beautiful daughter, her name is Ellen,’
‘I can’t wait to see her.’ Cylvia gushed.
‘They will be here for dinner.’ Helen glanced at her wrist watch, ‘I have the schedule I am the door man. And that means I am compelled to leave the juicy girl chat to shake hands and kiss babies at the door.’
Cylvia and Bella chuckled as Helen left the kitchen.
Cadence inhaled deeply as she approached the front door. She needed all the courage she can get and ignore the feeling that she was intruding a family holiday dinner.
She didn’t want to intrude, but her life was in danger and a few of her friends’. This was her only chance to escape out of the fire she found herself in.
Besides, she really wasn’t intruding Gerald Phillips himself had invited her. Though the events that had led to his inviting her had taken a little sacrifice and acting on her part. She despised Gerald Phillips. Not that he was a bad guy, but in other words maybe he was. He was popular at school and all girls threw themselves to him. That whole popular hot guy in town nonsense. She had sworn to never be one of those girls that would easily melt at his charm. But recently, to her great sadness she found herself entertaining his charm.
It wouldn’t even matter if he wasn’t really interested in her—it wasn’t like it was going anywhere—she just needed to meet Helen Jones. The woman had become popular in whispered rumors that she was the one who rescued captured girls.
Cadence knew where the girls were and the people behind it all. If Helen Jones was the first person in Farmland who thought to stop the evil then it was Helen Jones she was going to speak to.
Gerald was the one who opened the door and he flashed his megawatt smile as soon as his eyes landed on her. She smiled back at him. She couldn’t help her response to him. Gerald was simply the most beautiful person she had ever seen even though she disliked him; her heart still betrayed her by pitter-pattering whenever he was near.
‘You look wow.’ His eyes travelled from her hair she had spent decades with an iron, the little red dress that flared at the end just above her knees and cute little red pumps.
‘Decent I hope,’
He touched her arms and stroked her bare skin with his fingers, ‘good enough to eat.’
Cadence giggled, ‘stop it—your family is here.’
‘Come.’ He pulled her inside and closed the door.
Cadence felt her head doubling a little. She had always heard about how stunning the Phillips house was. She had never actually been inside. And the rumors were right. The home was breathtaking just like the Phillips were all stunning and beautiful.
‘You must be Cadence.’ Mrs. Phillips shook her hand, ‘if you remember me we met at the graduation.’
Cadence smiled, ‘yes I remember you Mrs. Phillips, thank you for letting me have Christmas here.’
‘It’s a pleasure—the more the merrier.’
‘Mom, that’s dad’s line.’ Gerald said
‘So am I not allowed to say it?’
‘Yes or he won’t have anything to say.’
Mrs. Philips waved a hand at him, ‘fell at home my dear.’ She said to Cadence.
‘Than you Mrs. Philips.’
She met Charles. She liked Charles, he was the easy going one among all the Phillips. Gerald refused to let her go as he walked around introducing her to his family. Bella and Cylvia were stunning as always. Only she had ever seen Gerald’s sisters from afar and they made her feel like a bloke when so close. They had such an easy beauty and playful manner of relating to one another. She liked that.
‘How does it feel to be finally done with high school?’ Cylvia asked her
‘Cylvia, drop serious topics—this is a party.’ Gerald raised his eyebrows at her
‘Gerald—leave the lady with us—we will guard her with our lives,’ Bella told him and he glared at her
‘I will be fine Gerald.’ Cadence assured him
He reluctantly let her hand go and left the kitchen
‘That was a rescue.’ Cadence blurted out then looked at the two women apologetically
‘You are welcome!’ Bella didn’t seem at all fazed by it, ‘he is all possessive—are you two serious?’
‘No we are just friends.’ Cadence stammered. Which made sense because she was the one who had made a move on Gerald since she had a motive.
Gerald gently opened the door and entered the dimly lit room before closing the door again and locking it. Jake and Joseph were already inside pretty relaxed as if the office was theirs.
‘She is here.’ Gerald told them and they nodded, ‘you won’t hurt her right?’
Jake rolled his eyes, ‘we are just going to question her Gerald—your lady will be fine.’
‘She is not my lady!’
Joseph chuckled, ‘aaaww how can you deny such a sweet looking girl?”
‘Oh my god are you into high school girls?’ Jake made a scandalize face at joseph
‘She graduated high school and she doesn’t look like a girl.’
‘Ah seriously!’ Gerald hissed, ‘just get on with it already—what you want me to do?’
Jake flashed a devious smile, ‘can you bring her here?’
‘Yes I can but what’s with the sinister smile?’
‘Do it old school, it’s easier that way.’ Joseph explained with a grin
‘Urgh you guys are just dangerous—I hope you disappear after all this is over.’
Gerald stomped out of the room. The two always seemed strange since the day he found out by accident what they really did and who they were. Although it shouldn’t have surprised him that Jake San cold be part of law enforcement. Maybe he was just surprised that he was one of the god guys.
He walked back to the kitchen and found Cadence already speaking comfortably with Bella and Cylvia. His two sisters were easy to get attached to, he could understand
‘I have something to show you.’ He took her arm gently and he was pleased to notice that she shivered a little every time he touched her. Though he shouldn’t even dwell on those thoughts. He was sure to never see her again after she figured out that he was just using her to help Jake and Joseph with their case. That he knew all along that she had information regarding the so called brothel house and the chain of command involved. In fact, Gerald knew deeper stuff that he was sure he shouldn’t know. Like the fact that Cadence’s own uncle was one of the pimps or the fact that the old bastard had raped her repeatedly before Cadence fled to the orphanage. He felt such rage towards the low life every time he thought about how he hurt Cadence,
Maybe he was a low life as well because he was also using her. To rescue her and others, he hedged in his thoughts.
But he was sure to beat the living day lights out of that shameless old pot when he meet him
Susan, Lloyd Timothy and Mr. and Mrs. Grace arrived just in time for dinner. Everyone greeted them quickly and turned all their attention to the baby.
‘She is so cute.’ Mrs. Lotman and Phillips gushed looking at the tiny bundle in Mrs. Grace’s arms.
‘Her middle name is Jade,’ Mrs. Grace was telling the two women, ‘she is the first girl in the family—she is precious.’
‘I do like Jade as a color-‘Mrs. Lotman started
‘It’s a wonderful name.’ Mrs. Phillips cut what would have been an endless biography of color jade and gemstones, ‘congratulations.’
‘I am a grandmother.’
‘We will be too when Fred and Bella have children.’ Mrs. Lotman said, ‘it’s amazing how time flies’’
‘Details.’ Susan stood Helen and Cylvia in front of her, ‘I need to know what’s been happening in Farmland.’
‘Ah seriously,’ Bella scoffed, ‘you would think that you needed it to survive.’
‘I do—man I miss this little town.’ Susan whined, ‘Bella don’t tell me you don’t miss it too.’
‘No I don’t.’ Bella lied
‘Yeah right!’ Cylvia and Helen chorused and Bella smiled
‘Who is that?’ Susan spotted Gerald coming downstairs with a pretty dark haired girl.
‘That’s Cadence,’ Bella said, 
‘Girlfriend?’ Susan said with a scowl, ‘wow, these boys have grown up I guess.’
‘Well yeah—hello—you are not growing up all by yourself. Cylvia rolled her eyes
‘Cylvia come and let’s make sure the table is ready before people walk in there.’ Mrs. Phillips whisked Cylvia away to the dining room.
‘They didn’t invite David San did they?’ Susan whispered
‘no.’ Helen said calmly, ‘only Jake San is here.’
A broad smile spread on Susan’s face, ‘and that’s another tid-bit I can’t wait to hear.’
‘There is nothing to hear.’ Helen mumbled, hating house her face grew hot each time she remembered that she blurted out that she loved him. He should never have known that.
Soon everyone reclined at the dinner table and conversation flowed smoothly as long as people avoided the touchy topics. Cylvia had made sure that Timothy and Jake sat far from each other. Mrs. Grace, Mrs. Philips and Mrs. Lotman were close enough to engage in their own conversations. Gerald and Charlie charmed the color off cadence’s face. While, Bella, Helen, Cylvia and Susan gasped and giggled at the information they were exchanging between them.
‘So what do you do Joseph?’ Mrs. Phillips had taken a creepy keen interest in the man after learning that he grew up in Farmland and some biased theory about him being Cylvia’s childhood friend. It was a surprise to everyone because though she was a social butterfly and most people liked Cylvia with approved standards she never kept any close friends like Bella had.
‘I’m a police officer.’ Joseph answered politely.
Helen and Cylvia almost choked on their dessert because they knew that Joseph was nowhere near a police officer. An assassin or a hit man would have been precisely correct.
‘Oh that’s lovely—you should return to your hometown and take over the police force here.’ Mrs. Grace said with a clear disdain in her voice to everyone’s surprise because the woman always seemed very peaceable she would never openly slander anyone.
Timothy looked at Jake, ‘open rebuke for unfit authorities.’
Jake gave a small nonchalant shrug, ‘unfit or not—we all still have to bow.’
Joseph cleared his throat, ‘I don’t think the good old Farmland folks would kindly accept a young fella like me who doesn’t know the town very well.’
‘At least you are not old.’ Charles said, ‘that’s what counts the most.’
Mr. Phillips put his glass on the table a little too forcefully and the table silenced, ‘everyone we are very happy to have you share Christmas with us in our home. Let us remember that this is a time to give, share and show love.’
‘Lots of love for our dear neighbors!’ Cylvia smiled at Jake and then at Timothy
‘Like this meal was cooked with so much love.’ Mrs. Lotman looked at Cylvia, ‘I should kidnap you back to the city with me.’
‘You can’t take the only cook in the house.’ Mrs. Phillips chuckled
‘I could borrow her or you cold coax Bella to learn a few things.’ Mrs. Lotman mumbled
‘Mother!’ Fred chided gently with a pointed look. Mrs. Lotman shrugged.
Bella brought a glass to her mouth and Cylvia said, ‘thank you for enjoying the meal, I enjoy what I do.’
‘We should all go to the carol at church.’ Mrs. Lotman suggested, ‘I heard that they are spectacular.’
Lloyd looked at her, ‘if you enjoy old hymns from a choir conducted by a nun from the orphanage.’ He turned to Cadence, ‘no offense.’
Cadence raised a hand, ‘none taken.’
‘Lloyd Grace!’ Mrs. Grace stared at him.
‘I thought the carol was taking place at the palace.’ Timothy said.
‘The palace?’ Cylvia, Susan, Bella, Helen, Gerald, Charles and Lloyd shocked at once that Jake shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
‘Wonderful.’ Mr. Phillips marveled, ‘isn’t it a good time to bring everyone together?’
‘I agree.’ Mr. Grace nodded
Cylvia and Helen looked from him to Jake before sliding glances at each other. They both wanted to groan and put their heads into their hands.
‘Are you telling me that I am going to spend Christmas Eve eating and sharing pleasantries with David San?’ Charles said loudly
‘Yes.’ Gerald answered simply.
‘On second thought maybe this will be the time to get rid of him when there are so many people.’ Charles whispered to Gerald.
Cadence cleared her throat, ‘I heard that the palace is only a measure of safety, there are certain happenings that have been taking place at the Church.’ She mumbled when pairs of eyes paid attention to her.
‘She is right.’ Joseph said, ‘the Church premises isn’t safe—but the carol still has to take place—what better place than a palace with guards for it to be held.’
‘How long have you been in Farmland officer?’ Cylvia narrowed her eyes at him, ‘you seem to know a lot of happenings.’
He shrugged, ‘its Farmland—information always travels faster than light here.’
Bella groaned softly, ‘I really hate this about Farmland.’ She whispered to Helen
‘You can say that again.’ Helen whispered back.’
‘Oh don’t worry yourselves.’ Mr. Phillips flashed a smile, ‘the palace is bigger and almost everyone will come, what’s that saying again?’
‘The more the merrier.’ Mrs. Phillips smiled.
The dinner came to an end with other few controversial topics being raised and diverted until Cylvia and Bella began to clear the table and others either went to sit outside or to do other things.
Helen was starting to wash the dishes when Cadence came and offered to rinse
‘Thanks—I would have decline as you are a guest but I hate doing dishes.’
Cadence chuckled, ‘don’t worry I can relate—all people who don’t really cook hate washing dishes.’
‘I’m not sure I should agree with you about that one.’
Cadence shrugged and took the gloves, pulling them on instantly.
‘So what are your college plans if you don’t mind me asking?’
Cadence thought for a moment, ‘I really don’t know—I’m thinking of taking a gap year and maybe I will know what I want to do with myself.’
Helen smiled coyly, ‘Gerald is thinking of taking a gap year as well—Mr. Phillips is still arguing with him about that one.’
Cadence scowled in wonderment, ‘Gerald taking a gap year? I always thought he was a goal setting kind of guy.’ She was genuinely surprised
‘You don’t seem to know him very well.’
Cadence grew serious all of a sudden, ‘I really don’t.’
‘But he really likes you.’
‘I’m not so sure about that.’ She closed the tap an turned to look at Helen, ‘the truth is, I really don’t care about knowing Gerald—we are not a match made from heaven and I don’t think I really like him.’
Helen looked taken aback, ‘well that’s – wow—
‘No listen—the reason I needed up here is because I wanted to meet you.’
Helen grew alarmed and fought the urge to step back from the suddenly intimidating young girl, ‘me?’
‘Please don’t freak out—but you have become well known among us—you are Helen Jones right?’
Helen felt alarm bells going off in her head, ‘who—who are you?’
Cadence drew a breath, ‘everything I said about myself is true—I am from the orphanage and Jane is my sister.’
Helen must have forgotten that she was holding a china bowl because it slipped from her hand and smashed loudly on the floor.
‘Oh my word.’ Cylvia rushed into the kitchen, ‘Helen, you can’t break Mrs. Phillips’ Christmas collection she will freak out next year when she finds some of them missing.’ She paused when she came to the sink and saw Helen’s expression, ‘what’s wrong?’
Helen snapped out of it, ‘oh I’m sorry—
‘Forget the bowel,’ Cylvia looked at Cadence, ‘what’s wrong?’
Cadence shifted uncomfortable and looked down at her feet.
‘It’s okay Cadence, Cylvia knows.’
The girl raised her eyes and looked at Cylvia incredulously, ‘she does.’ Her voice was small.
‘What?’
‘She is Jane’s sister.’ Helen explained
Cylvia narrowed her eyes at the girl, ‘I knew I wasn’t insane when I thought you two looked alike somehow—but how come—she trailed away when she got where this was going. Then she gasped, ‘you have got to be kidding me.’
‘That’s what I’m thinking.’ Helen said
Cadence backed away from them, ‘look if you can’t help me I will just go.’
‘no.’ Helen shook her head, ‘how did you know I am the one.’
‘I didn’t. Most of us don’t even know what you look like.’
‘What do you mean most of us?’ Cylvia asked
‘The captured girls.’ Cadence said with a shudder, ‘well I am not where they are because I help them somehow and now I am the only one who can be able to help those girls out of there. But I don’t know what to do and I thought maybe you could help me.’
‘There you are!’ The three girls jumped at Jake’s voice
‘Don’t you knock?’ Cylvia cried
‘In the kitchen where there is no door?’ Jake raised his eyebrows
‘Oh!’ Cylvia mumbled and immediately began to find a dust pan and a brush for the shattered utensil by Helen’s feet.
Jake looked at the broken bowl then at Cadence before his eyes landed on Helen. ‘Can I talk to you?’
‘No I’m doing the dishes.’ Helen gave him a pointed look.
‘Cylvia and Cadence will finish.’ Jake strode towards her and took her arm
Cylvia glared at Jake, ‘what’s wrong with you?’ this was the second time Jake was leaving her to baby sit another potential villain. Except he wasn’t aware of this current one.
‘Just a minute!’ Jake pulled Helen from out of the room and Cylvia turned to look at Cadence helplessly
‘He’s her boyfriend?’
‘She always denies it.’
Cadence’s face hardened, ‘but why would Helen Jones date David San’s brother? She was the only hope I had.’
Cylvia had a feeling that David San was very much involved in all this. Why am I not surprised? She smiled sweetly at Cadence, ‘I know a place where we can talk.’
Timothy helped Bella to carry the last of the dishes to the kitchen.
‘Why does it look like someone ran away from the dishes in here?’ Bella eyed the broken pieces of china on the floor by the sink.
‘I would run as well.’ Susan came into the kitchen with little Ellen in her arms, ‘look at all those dirty pots.’
Timothy uncuffed his shirt and began to roll his sleeves. He turned to Bella when he was done, ‘I will wash—you dry.’ He threw her a dish towel. Susan sat in a stool by the bar and positioned the baby before taking out the feeding bottle
‘Timothy why were you having a pissing contest with Jake in the middle of the dinner table?’ 
Timothy laughed, ‘was that a pissing contest?’
Bella sighed, ‘I wouldn’t be so cross Susan—all family diners are dramatic, we were just many this year.’
Susan scoffed, ‘you have never had Christmas dinner with the Clays.’
‘We would have—if Mr. Clay didn’t openly decline our invitation.’ Timothy said, ‘but I’m glad he refused, I can’t imagine sitting with George and being able to safely swallow my food.’
Bella nudged him, ‘do you like anyone at all?’
‘I like you.’ He smiled at her
‘I am hard to dislike,’ Bella said. Except to Mrs. Lotman. She thought to herself.
Susan laughed, ‘wow guys this is just like old times, I really missed this scene.’
‘When are you coming to settle in Farmland I thought that was the plan?’ Timothy glanced at her
Susan shrugged, ‘I really don’t know—Lloyd is suddenly Fred’s favorite cousin now and they keep following each other around—it’s creepy.’
Bella laughed, ‘that’s not the creepiest part—Mrs. Lotman wants us all to move to a big house and live under one roof.’
Timothy made a scandalized face, ‘with Mrs. Lotman?’
Susan and Bella nodded.
‘And Bob!’ Susan added. This was her favorite topic.
‘Boyfriend?’ Timothy scowled
‘Cat.’ Bella said with a shudder. She hated cats and Mrs. Lotman always brought it to their house whenever she visited, and that was more often than normal ever since the big fur ball freaked her out in the bathroom.
‘This better be important!’ Helen gritted her teeth when Jake pulled her into the stock room and closed the door behind him
‘It’s important.’ He pushed her against the door and pressed his hand on the door such that she was sandwiched between him and the wood, ‘it’s about the carol.’
Helen folded her arms, ‘so you are sharing information now?’
‘Are you going to back out?’
‘No!’
‘I thought so—anyway, has the Cadence girl spoken to you yet? Was that why you looked so shocked.’ 
‘How do you—‘
‘I planned all this, even the carol to be held at the palace.’
‘It’s not a palace,’ Helen rolled her eyes, ‘why?’
‘The person behind all this is one of the San family chief guard and Mrs. Bridges.’
‘What? Mrs. Bridges?’ the guard made sense, but the house keeper?
‘They have been doing this for years Helen, and this girl is the only chance we have to catch them red handed and they can’t defend themselves.’ 
It seemed to make sense no, ‘so what’s the plan?’
Jake was about to say something then he tensed but he did not move or look elsewhere. Instead he cupped Helen’s chin and smashed his lips on hers. Helen struggled in surprise for a moment before she melted onto him and wound her arms around his neck. Jake snaked his arm around her waist and pulled her closer to him before he pushed her against the door and arced his body into hers.
Someone coughed, probably in shock. They both broke apart and turned to look at the flustered cleaner Wendy.
‘Oh’ she bristled, ‘I I’m—Uhmn.’
‘Wendy!” Jake flashed her a smile that made the poor woman to gulp loudly, ‘what are you doing here at this hour?’
‘Oh I forgot my parcel in the workers’ room this afternoon, I just realised it now.’
‘Did you get it?’ Jake asked
Wendy nodded gingerly, ‘yes, I will be on my way—Miss Helen!’ she rushed away and Helen turned her eyes at Jake
‘That was weird.’ She said breathlessly.
‘Let’s go.’ Jake said looking around.
Helen’s eyes rounded when they opened the door and saw what was inside. Cylvia looked so mad and her glare was directed at Joseph who was standing in the opposite direction with a cryptic smile on his face. Cadence looked terrified and hurt as she sat on the window sill across from Gerald who seemed like he didn’t know what to do with himself.
‘What the--.’ Jake and Helen both startled, Jake looking at Cylvia and Helen looking at Gerald.
‘Are you two done making out!’ Joseph turned that smile on them, ‘we have a bit of a situation here.’
‘I can see.’ Jake said with a nervous laugh because now Cylvia and Helen were glaring at him.
‘Okay they are all here now start explaining.’ Cylvia gritted her teeth at Gerald who recoiled in response.
‘I really don’t know anything!’ Gerald stammered.
‘Kid, in moments like these you play the tough guy card.’ Joseph told him
‘Shut up Joseph!’ Cylvia snapped at him then turned to Jake, ‘maybe you can tell me why my brother is involved in all this?’
Jake raised his hands in surrender form, ‘he is not deliberately involved, it happened by accident.’
‘Accident!’ the icy tone of Cylvia’s voice made Jake clamp his mouth shut. Cylvia was pretty scary when she needed to be even Helen was no match. ‘He lured the poor girl here for Pete’s sakes, what the hell is going on here?’ 
‘Oh my God you used Gerald for this?’ Helen looked at Jake in shock
‘no.’ Jake bristled, ‘well yes but it just happened.’
‘You knew about this?’ Cadence looked at Helen with fright
‘No I didn’t, I just found out.’ Helen assured her
Cadence whimpered and hugged herself
‘Cadence!’ Gerald looked so remorseful and he reached to touch her, she recoiled from him and went to stand with Cylvia. ‘I don’t mean to hurt you.’
‘Save it Gerald it doesn’t really matter.’ She whispered.
‘Yes it does.’
‘No it doesn’t, okay? I used you just as you used me big deal.’ She waved her hand at him dismissively
‘Look we can get shocked at each other later, the carol is the day after tomorrow, can we talk about the big day?’ Joseph said
‘No, get the kids out of this.’ Cylvia said firmly
‘We can’t, she is the key to this case and he has to continue acting like her boyfriend,’
Cylvia looked at Gerald who had his gaze pinned on Cadence.
‘Joseph is right.’ Jake said, ‘let’s get this over with and then we can hang each other later.’
Cylvia inhaled deeply, ‘fine—I already know most of the details that you all tried to keep from me,’ she looked pointedly at Helen, ‘so what’s the plan big men?’
‘Joseph is bigger than me.’ Jake shrugged and Gerald snorted.
‘Seriously Jake of all the—
‘Shut up Gerald, when this all over you are toast do you hear me?’
Gerald clamped his mouth shut, ‘yes ma am,’ 
‘She is scary.’ Jake muttered under his breath.
‘I heard that.’
‘I like her.’ Cadence said with conviction
‘That’s a relief.’ Gerald smiled at her and was responded by a scowl.  His smile fell.
‘Okay!” Joseph clapped his hands and all eyes landed on him, ‘so let’s get right down to it shall we?’
‘What are you going to do?’ Helen narrowed her eyes at him
‘That’s what we are getting at.’ Joseph said through his teeth.
‘Calm down big guy—you have no right to be angry at this point.’ Cylvia snapped at him
‘You are so mean to me.’ He said to her
‘Can you blame me?’ Cylvia shrugged.
‘Guys can we solve the love hate quarrels for another time.’ Helen pinned a taut smile
Cylvia scoffed, ‘what? You two are the only ones dating in this room.’
‘That’s not my point and we are not dating.’
‘I beg to differ.’ Gerald said
‘Gerald shut up,’
‘This is a life or death mission so I think we better pour our hearts out now in front of everyone to leave a legacy.’ He said thoughtfully.
Helen gaped at him.
Gerald turned to look at Cadence, ‘I’m sorry, you can hate me forever but all the days I told myself that I was pretending turned out to mean a lot to me. I hope you forgive me someday.’
Cadence’s face flushed when all eyes fell on her, ‘I’m going to murder you when this is all over.’
‘Well that didn’t go so well.’ Cylvia mumbled, ‘but don’t worry, this is not a life or death mission.’
‘It’s not a mission.’ Jake rolled his eyes
‘It’s involves David San—it’s a mission.’ Helen pointed out
Joseph chuckled, ‘I love how you always say the surname.’
‘Thank you.’ Helen said with a little bow.
‘No more last words right? Let’s get right down to it.’ Joseph announced by spreading his hands.
Jake turned to Helen and held her arms. ‘I love you too.’
Cylvia, Gerald and Cadence coughed in shock and Joseph clenched his fists. 
Helen blinked at him a couple of times before she pulled out of his grip, Jake turned to the shocked faces and said, ‘I have always wanted to say that—we can carry on now.’
‘Wait.’ Cadence raised a hand, ‘so if you are saying you love her too that means she told you--.’
‘Is that important?’ Gerald shot Cadence a look
‘It is—Jake San is related to the sadist he shouldn’t even be here.’ Cadence stressed out
‘He means well.’ Joseph said
‘We don’t trust you either.’ Cylvia flashed him a tight smile
‘I hope to change that.’ Joseph wore a sweet smile, ‘I cherish your heart, I will wait no matter how long it takes.’
Cadence groaned, ‘so far the cheesiest line ever said—what is wrong with you people? Are you even normal? There is a group of children in pain and fear out there so far all we are doing is exchange meaningless words.’
‘I meant what I said.’ Jake and Gerald spoke at the same time.
‘I’m really going to murder them.’ Cadence said to Cylvia
‘We can start with the big guy.’ Cylvia nodded.
Helen laughed, ‘we are going to be here all night.’




43


DURING THE AFTERNOON, the men went for rounds around the farm with Mr. Phillips and the ladies went to relax at Bella’s little beach. Susan went to visit her parents with Ellen and Cadence had returned to her house after assuring Helen and Cylvia that she won’t disappear.
‘I missed this place.’ Bella inhaled the fresh forest air and relaxed back on the cloth that was spread on the sand.
‘Do you like the city?’ Helen asked her
Bella grunted, ‘it’s alright, at least Susan lives close by she helps keep me sane.’
Helen shifted on her side and faced her, Bella did the same, and ‘it’s just so hard to cope with. I should be used by now right?’
‘It’s only been three months.’
‘I know—but it feels like years sometimes--, I guess nothing is ever a bed of roses.’
‘Yeah I agree.’
Bella smiled wanly, ‘by the way—can I ask you something if that’s okay with you?’
‘Okay.’ Helen hoped Bella didn’t notice anything related to the brothel house issue, Gerald and Cylvia were already involved and Mr. Phillips was going to lose some hair when he learns that fact.
‘What’s with Cylvia and the big guy?’
Helen snorted and laughed, ‘Joseph? Nothing, he just gets on her nerves that all.’
‘Why won’t she talk about it—she avoids the topic like the plague.’
‘Cylvia is very particular about strangers, you should have seen her when Jake started working here.’
Bella laughed, ‘I can imagine.’ She shifted back on her back and gazed at the sky.
‘We really miss you guys, the drama is almost bland without you in the picture.’
‘The drama in Farmland never ends.’ Bella paused, ‘by the way, its newsflash that David San won’t be coming back to his office.’
‘Please don’t tell me you read that in the tabloids.’
‘not exactly, but I was just surprised that they mentioned his financial superiority ever since he came here but didn’t mention the raids and tributes, where else could he be getting his money from?’
Helen sat up and scowled into space, of course he was getting his money from the brothel houses. ‘What else are the articles saying?’
‘It was just some financial business paper, they think David San made good investment in agricultural industry.’
Helen scoffed, ‘oh please the dork doesn’t even know how to carry an axe.’
‘I know right!’
Helen took out her phone and texted Jake.
Cadence straightened her dress in front of the cracked mirror. Being so popular at school, no one knew that this was the mirror that she used to see herself. She was so nervous. Joseph and Jake’s plan made sense, but could she trust them completely and not end up in one of David San and Mrs. Bridges’ dungeons? 
All she had to do was to stand on the platform and sing like everyone else in the choir. She won’t be suspicious until she carries out her part of the plan. She imagined that Jake San could turn out to be bad just like his brother but then this was her only chance to get herself free and her sister Jane.
She turned from the mirror and was not surprised to find Gerald leaning on the open door of her room.
‘You look beautiful.’ He smiled
‘Thank you.’ She said impassively and marched to walk past him. He stretched his arm and touched the other end of the door frame to block her exit.
‘I am not in the mood for one of your sob stories Gerald.’
He looked at her long enough before he said, ‘we are supposed to be together always,’ he whispered
She pressed her lips together, removed his arm from her way and hooked it with hers
‘Like this?’
‘Yes.’
And they walked down the corridor together. They came into Mrs. Bridges in the lobby to the grand hall.
‘Oh there you are dear Cadence and you are late.’
‘Sorry Mrs. Bridges, I couldn’t find my costume.’
‘oh there is a spare one for tardy ones like you—hurry up to the rehearsal room, the choir master is about to have a heart attack, ‘ pause, ‘ Gerald Phillips?’
‘Hello Mrs. Bridges,’ he smiled at her politely
‘Are you in the choir as well?’
‘No I am escorting Cadence.’
Mrs. Bridges scowled disapprovingly
‘He is my boyfriend,’ Cadence said impassively, ‘I better rush we don’t want the old man to have that heart attack.’
They rushed past the woman and vanished into a door.’
Allison adjusted hand checked her camera and recorder for the fifth time before she paid attention to the people filling the grand hall. They all sat on the arranged chairs facing the raised platform where different Christmas performances were to be held. She was pleased with herself to notice that she recognized most of the faces that came through the door and exchanged greetings with most of them.
She had finally managed to convince Joel that she had a great story pinned on David San and now she had to release that story as her ticket out of Farmland. The small village was great and homely but she missed the big city where she could easily get invisible in the big crowds.
She raised her camera and snapped a few pictures. Mrs. Bridges the enigmatic house keeper had allowed her to take pictures but only in the grand hall where the ceremony was taking place.
But she had other plans for her precious camera tonight.
‘You are hear just as I expected.’ Timothy approached her.
She flashed him a smile, ‘yes this is my first grand Christmas—otherwise I would be back in my apartment with a pitiful Christmas tree by the TV stand.’
‘Don’t let Farmland grow on you.’
‘Too late for that.’ She laughed.
She spotted Helen Jones enter with Bella Phillips and her husband Fred Lotman. People casting glances at them. The Phillips or anyone connected to them were superior in Farmland. She found it intriguing how meek they were even with that kind of influence.
‘Oh congratulations by the way—I heard that Susan Clay had a baby girl.’
‘Thank you. But don’t even think about writing another story about them I won’t let you—just keep your eyes open today.’ And he moved away from her
Alison smirked to herself. Oh she was going to keep her eyes open alright.
Chief David San of Farmland and his family, ladies and gentleman and children, we would like to wish you all a happy Christmas and a merry new year.’
‘Everyone says the surname.’ Helen whispered to Bella
‘It gives it the real meaning.’ Bella whispered back
The MC introduced the first group of performers who sang ‘oh holy night’ their soft melodious voices echoed in the large hall.
‘Oh holy night—the stars are brightly shining.’
A slow smile spread on Mrs. Lotman’s face, ‘so lovely.’
Mr. and Mrs. Phillips nodded in agreement
Helen glanced at where Jake sat casually with David and Mrs. San then at Joseph who was sitting at the very back close to the exit door.
‘Are you looking for someone?’ Bella asked her
‘No, just checking the familiar faces.’
‘By the way where is Cylvia? She is not with mom and dad.’
‘She is somewhere, it’s a little too dim I can’t really tell.’ Helen answered evasively and glanced at her wrist watch. Cadence’s performance will be on in fifteen minutes. Cylvia and Cadence were probably half way to the secret dungeons or that was what Cadence referred them to.
Cadence squinted her eyes as she lit the flash light in the dark room. The door was jammed or locked. She wasn’t sure. This was bad news. The store room door was always unlocked in case workers needed more supplies. Why it was locked today of all days was a very bad sign.
‘I know how to break a locked door.’ Cadence whispered to Cylvia by her side, ‘but I have a bad feeling about this.’
‘We can’t back out now—we may never get the chance of rescuing those children again.’
Cylvia was right, but then she has never seen how brutal and cruel these people could be. But Cadence wouldn’t back out now. They were so close to freeing everyone and it would be bad to stop now.
‘Hold this.’ She gave Cylvia the flashlight, ‘light the lock.’ She pulled a pin out of her hair and immediately got to work. The clicking noises of the lock echoed in the dark room, each making Cylvia flinch until the final loudest one followed by Cadence’s relieved voice
‘It’s open.’
Cylvia sighed in relief, ‘great.’
‘Here,’ cadence handed Cylvia the map, ‘be careful.’
Cylvia nodded and darted into the room. Cadence closed the door and rushed out back to the back stage.
‘She made it.’ She told Gerald, ‘how long before the performance?’
‘Five minutes.’
Helen sat at the edge of her seat when the MC finally announced Cadence’s group. She breathed a sigh of relief when Cadence was among the people on stage. But her heart panicked again when she also noted that Cylvia was probably creeping down David San’s dirtiest secrets at this very moment. She saw Joseph rise from his chair and dart out of the exit.  It was show time
Cadence held the sheet in her hand and released a sigh as the stage lights dimmed a little. She saw David San was still in his seat that meant Cylvia was safe for now. At the beat of four, she opened her mouth and the song flowed out of her
‘Silent night, holy night
‘All is calm, all is bright
‘Round yon virgin mother and child
‘Holy infant so tender and mild
‘Sleep in heavenly peace—sleep in heavenly peace’
She noticed Joseph’s char was empty. Yes he would look out for Cylvia. Helen smiled at her when their eyes met.
Allison kept her eyes on David San as the lullaby continued. It was the only thing Timothy told her to do. As ridiculous as it sounded. He told her to keep her eyes on David San when the silent night song begins to be sang and that was exactly what she was doing.
They were singing the last stanza when a guard discreetly approached David and whispered n his ear. David nodded impassively and whispered something to Mrs. San before he stood up and left the seat. Cadence’s heart slammed in her chest.
Allison made sure to record the moment David left his seat with her other camera and sighed as she slipped it into her pocket. She looked at the fellow camera man beside her
‘I need a bathroom break.’
‘Sure,’
She walked in the direction of the rest rooms.
Helen clenched her hands together when it almost became unbearable to not shoot out of her seat and rush to stop David San. It was all part of the plan. Cylvia was to be caught sneaking around, they had to catch him red handed. She hoped Joseph would live up to his promise of keeping her safe and unharmed or so god help her she will murder David San herself is he so much as touched  a hair on Cylvia’s head. She glanced at Jake. He sat there relaxed and impassive as though nothing as happening. It was a good stance but it still made her nervous.
Cadence more like rushed off the stage when the performance was over. She pulled off her garment and rushed out of the changing rooms. David San was not supposed to leave the ceremony. She had a bad feeling about this. Now Cylvia would be captured and her sister will be shipped overseas and she may never see her again. She had to do something but she couldn’t think of anything at the moment. This was a bad plan. Jake San knew what was happening but he just continued to sit there. Helen saw David San leave but she didn’t move either
What was going on? Why weren’t they doing anything? She rushed down the hall ways and found the storage room, she pushed the door open and stopped in fright when she found Mrs. Bridges and the chief guard standing in the middle of the room
‘Cadence what in the world are you doing here?’
‘I –I – I was sent to get bathroom supplies.’ She stammered
‘The supply room was moved for today dear and we told all the workers to get themselves.’
‘Oh.’ Cadence managed, ‘where is the other supply room?’
‘The one outside.’ 
Cadence nodded and turned to leave, but the chief guard slammed the door shut before she left, ‘wait a minute young lady.’
Cylvia stared back at David San as he eased into the chair that was set in the middle of the filthy room as if he was sitting into a throne.
‘Oh why Miss Cylvia Phillips—I must admit that I am greatly surprised to find you here.’
‘That makes two of us.’
He shook his head, ‘tsk—tsk—tsk, what a shame, your father is a close friend of mine—why exactly are you here if not by the influence of someone I know.’
‘We are no friends of yours.’
‘Helen jones.’ He ignored her, ‘why that young lady is such a pain on my finger—and now she had dragged you into all this nonsense.’
Cylvia laughed, ‘at least you do admit that what you do is nonsense.’
He tilted his head to one side, ‘what do I do Miss Cylvia Phillips?’ he smiled at her audaciously
‘You hurt children.’
David raised his eye brows, ‘oh dear me that must make me look like a monster.’
‘You are a monster—Farmland is a beautiful place until you came with your wild brain and stupid mouth.’
‘’hey don’t insult me Miss Cylvia Phillips—don’t forget that you were caught sneaking around private property. This is a serious offense.’
‘Speak for yourself Mr. Lawyer.’ Cylvia snapped, ‘I can’t wait to see how you will get out of this one.’
He threw back his head and laughed, ‘why Miss Cylvia Phillips your reputation colors a different picture about you.’
The door opened and a guard entered before he tagged at someone and shoved her to the floor. Cylvia gasped. Cadence. What was she doing here?
‘Found the traitor.’ The guard glared at Cadence
David smiled, ‘Why Miss Cadence, this is the second surprise, you are the one who have betrayed me.’
‘no.’ cadence cried, her face down. Her palms were bleeding and her face slightly swollen and her clothes ripped in various places.
‘I don’t like traitors, and I hate liars even more.’
‘I am not lying.’ She sobbed.
‘She told Cylvia Phillips about this place, she is the only one who knows.’
David rose from his chair and Cadence scurried away from him. Cylvia was about to rush to the girl when the guard held her and pressed her against him.
‘Miss Cylvia Phillips accuses me of hurting children.’ He came and stood above a very terrified Cadence, ‘this is not a child is she?’
‘Get away from her.’ Cylvia struggled against the man holding her.
David took off his jacket and placed it on the chair. He uncuffed his shirt and rolled his sleeves, ‘do you want to know what I do to traitors?’
‘Stop!” Cylvia shrieked when David took off his belt and folded it in half above Cadence.
‘Please don’t!” Cylvia sobbed.
David laughed, ‘she said please!’
‘Don’t hurt her.’
‘Would you like to take her place?’
Cylvia glared at him, ‘stop it.’
‘I will take that as a no—besides, I need to teach her a lesson she can’t always have people rescuing her.’
Cadence shrieked when the belt landed on her naked back with a loud snap. One hard stroke after another over and over again until David threw the belt across the room and gave Cadence’s motionless body a kick before coming to Cylvia.
‘That Miss Cylvia Phillips is how I deal with traitors.’
Cylvia sobbed against the man holding her and David cupped her face
‘Say it again—say please,’
‘Go to hell.’
David laughed, ‘let her go, this is going to be fun.’
The guard shoved Cylvia to the floor next to Cadence. Blood tickled down her face from the cut that came when her face scratched against the rough floor.
‘Leave them here, let’s go and round up the ceremony, we will deal with this later.’
Cylvia touched Cadence who moaned in pain as the door closed after David and his guard.
Mrs. Bridges startled when the door flung open and four furious eyes landed on her
‘What in the world? - ah.’ She shrieked when Joseph came and pinned her arms behind her.
‘Is this the right door?’ Helen fumbled with a bunch of keys.
‘That’s the one.’ Gerald cried, ‘I don’t know how she came back here?’
‘This is unacceptable!’ Mrs. Bridges screamed
‘Shut up woman!” Joseph sneered in her ear, ‘I don’t mind beating up old women.’
‘That is so twisted.’ Jake said as he grabbed he keys from Helen and pushed them into the lock
‘Jake San you are a traitor to your own blood, you are a shame to this family.’ Mrs. Bridges said testily
Jake turned to joseph, ‘forget what I said, beat her up.’
‘Seriously you guys!” Helen snapped and pushed the door open just as David San’s guard was taking out the keys to unlock it.
‘Well .well. Well.’ David drawled, ‘what have we here.’ He glanced at Joseph, ‘why are you manhandling an elderly woman?’
‘I’m going to kill you!’ Gerald shrieked and charged towards David, his guard raised a fist to hit him but Jake blocked him and the guard was on the floor before anyone figured out how Jake got him there.
‘Nice moves!’ Joseph said
‘Thanks.’ Jake turned to David, ‘David this stops now.’
‘Are you telling me what to do?’
David laughed and looked at Helen, ‘well if I wasn’t expecting Helen Jones to be involved in this I would have been short sighted.’
‘Where are they?’
David pointed at the unconscious man on the floor, ‘you knocked out the only man who knows where they are—I probably don’t know whether they are alive or dead—preferably I hope it’s the later.’
Snap. Snap. Snap.
David froze when he realised the snap of a camera at him. Allison smirked as she came into the room pocketing her camera
‘Evidence against David San secured, now what should I do?’ she quipped
‘Run.’ Jake said and Allison darted out the door. Sure enough a group of guards were coming from the other end of the corridor. David charged from the storage room, Helen and Gerald slipped past him and Jake landed a fist on his jaw.
Allison felt her lungs burn as she turned into another corridor while dialing Timothy’s number
‘Where in the blazes are you?’ she shrieked into the phone.
‘Where are you?’ he asked
‘I asked you first damn it, can you come to the side garden windows?’
‘Yes, why?’
‘Just come or I will kill you when I escape this.’
‘What?’ PAUSE, ‘OH NO!”
‘Get her!’ one of the guards was hot on her heels and she couldn’t run any faster anymore, she felt like she was about to pass out. She saw the window she told Timothy about and took out the camera from her pocket.
She shrieked when the man’s fingers brushed her back
Stop her!’
She threw the camera against the window and the shattering sound echoed along with the shrieks and grunts as the man tackled her from behind and they fell on the marble floor with a sickening crash.
Timothy pocketed the camera just as servants and guards come to the area.
‘What was that?’
They looked up and saw one of the guards push Allison forward with her hands pinned on her back.
The children had just finished their play and the hall resounded in a loud applause when the front doors flew open followed by uniformed officers and camera men. Children scurried off the stage and murmurs of wonder broke out in the crowd.
Bella glanced at Helen’s empty seat and looked at Fred. Fred shook his head and held her in case she had any ideas of trying to find out what was happening.
‘Ladies and gentlemen.’ The MC came on the platform, ‘please remain calm, we have just a little situation and it’s under control.’ He flashed a reassuring smile and people began to sit down
‘Something is wrong.’ Bella shook her head
‘I know—let’s sit, it’s probably safe here.’
Bella reluctantly sat in her chair and held on to Fred’s hand. Her heart was beating hard.
Cadence!’ Cylvia cried and followed the paramedics as they wheeled the gurney out of the building to the ambulance
‘Cylvia.’ Joseph held her arm to steady her. ‘Stop, you will collapse.’
He led her to the ambulance and climbed in with her and Cadence
‘I’m sorry sir but I’m afraid
‘Lady I am not going anywhere.’ Joseph cut her off, ‘better get us to the hospital fast.’
As the police officers paraded the San compound, the carol echoed obliviously through the halls
‘We wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
‘Good tidings we bring to you and your king
‘Good tidings for Christmas and a happy new year’




44


‘THAT IS NOT YOURS!’ Charles snapped at Gerald snatching the box from him and placing it under the tree.
‘Grow up!’ Gerald rolled his eyes, but moved away from the tree and joined everyone in the sitting room.
‘Isn’t it time to take down the tree yet?’ he said as he plopped down next to Helen.
‘Christmas ends during the second week of January and it’s just after New Year.’ Cylvia said.
‘What’s the point, there are no tarts.’ Lloyd said, ‘next time write a recipe book.’
Cylvia sighed, ‘these people won’t let me bake.’ She glared at Joseph
‘You can teach me how to bake.’ Bella smiled, ‘I will take it seriously this time.’
‘Forget it, she won’t be doing anything for another two weeks.’ Gerald said, ‘you have to sweet talk the big guy.’
Bella eyed Joseph, ‘I don’t see that working out.’
Helen snorted and laughed, ‘I second you on that one.’
‘I am not that scary.’ Joseph eyed Cylvia at his side, ‘I met someone who made Jake San flinch.’
‘Drop the surname!’ everyone said synonymously.
‘Sorry.’ Joseph mumbled
‘Where did Jake go anyway?’ Gerald asked and everyone looked at Helen
‘What? How should I know?’
She was not going to tell them that she cried fat tears when he told her that he had to go to the city to take care of a few things including his brother’s David San’s case. She even asked if she could come with him and kissed him. How pathetic was that?
‘So I guess Mr. Clay is to be the next chief after all.’ Charles said wistfully knowing that nobody wanted to talk about the topic, ‘we are yet to see if that’s a good thing or a bad thing.’
Bella groaned, ‘can’t you talk about something else? This topic gives me the creeps same as when Mr. Phillips showed up at the hospital dressed like Santa saying ho; ho.’
Everyone giggled and laughed at the memory. Mr. Phillips was furious that they kept all this from him and then he was grateful that everyone would recover and appraised their bravery. At least that ended his good relations with the San family to everyone’s relief.
‘I thought I was delusional.’ Cylvia smiled at the memory, ‘I thought I had hit my head pretty hard.’
‘At least you didn’t toast me like you promised.’ Gerald smiled at her sweetly.
‘You promised to fix things with Cadence.’
Gerald cleared his throat and gazed into space.
‘So Helen you get the diner back.’ Charles continued the foreboding topic, ‘is Mrs. Jones coming back?’
Helen shook her head, ‘she doesn’t want to come back— but I think I’m going to turn it into a bakery.’
Cylvia gasped, ‘what? Why?’
‘Didn’t you notice the new people who are coming to settle in Farmland? David San made this town popular, a bakery will be more profitable.’
‘I think it’s a great idea.’ Bella said to Helen, ‘I can almost imagine the smell of fresh bread along that street.’
‘I guess I’m not the only craving some baked treats.’ Lloyd said laughing
Bella laughed along with him, ‘you can say that again—I’m going to relieve my cravings.’
Lloyd joined her to the kitchen, ‘I think I have an idea on some ingredients.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘I do cook Bella its part of my charming self.’
Bella scoffed. ‘Oh please!’
Allison tossed the last of her bags in the trunk and smiled. Finally she was leaving Farmland. As much as she enjoyed this town and achieved two hit stories, she was done with the laid back life. She wanted the vibrant city populated with faceless people who won’t recognize her life history when they see her. She even missed her neighbor whom she lived with for many years and still didn’t know who he or she was. Maybe she could change that.
Returning to her hermit lifestyle will be hard, but she was so done with Farmland she will figure it out when she gets there.
Besides she was dying to know the sentence that David San was going to get. His criminal activities were an entire scroll, only the short video clip she had captured with her camera were strong evidence that he was involved in all this. Otherwise he would have put everything on the house keeper and the guard and walked away free.   
She got into the car and started the engine.
Cadence sighed as she looked at her reflection on the tattered mirror one last time.
‘We could take the mirror with us if you want.’ Ms. Cleo suggested as she helped Jane to carry the boxes of their little belongings into the moving van’
‘No,’ Cadence turned away from the hideous mirror, ‘a new life—and a new look at myself.’ She knew that was going to be a long shot. At least Jane was home and safe. David San and her uncle were taken from their lives for good. Ms. Cleo already found her a small job she could do and Jane will transfer to another school. Maybe she could start living again.
‘I’m not missing this place.’ Jane said as she snuggled closer to Cadence at the back seat
‘Me too.’ Cadence said feeling a little incredulous. She felt the small paper in her pocket. The reason for her not being sure about not missing farmland. She would not think of Gerald Phillips again, but maybe she could carry his letter with her. Yes, he wrote her a letter when all forms of modern communication failed. She smiled at this.
‘You girls want to wave Farmland good bye?’ Ms. Cleo announced as the car drove past the Farmland sign
‘No, drive on.’ The girls chorused.
Cadence felt bad she just left without even trying to hear Gerald out. Which was ridiculous because, they were not in that kind of relationship. Though in the end they both knew that they had used each other it still didn’t change her mind about her opinion regarding him. She had a whole life ahead of her and Gerald was not the caliber of person she wanted in her life. A heart breaker. She already had her heart broken by the very people she had expected love from and she was not going to deliberately manufacture another one for herself. And Gerald Phillips was the exact example of rushing towards heart break with your eyes wide open.
It couldn’t be helped that her parents broke her heart by not being a part of her life since they day she was born. And her uncle who she had thought was her savior turned out to be the devil himself with horns. He chased his wife out of the house and left little Jane without a mother.
Cadence became Jane’s mother and her protector from her twisted uncle. All that was inevitable to some extent—but if there is any heart break that she could avoid—she was sure to avoid it without any second thoughts. Even if her heart told her otherwise.
Helen and Cylvia gave Bella a final farewell hug in front of the house while Mrs. Lotman was pulling the final long conversation with Mrs. Phillips.
‘Stay out of trouble.’ Bella told them
Helen sighed, ‘I don’t see how that is going to be possible—Farmland is a trouble factory.’
‘I mean it,’ Bella pursed her lips, ‘do you have any idea the scare you gave us on Christmas?’
‘We gave you something to talk about all year.’ Cylvia grinned
‘Cylvia Phillips what have they done to you?’ Helen looked at her with wide eyes.
‘She must have hit her head really hard.’ Bella said laughing, ‘she has been so loosened up lately and I say that it’s refreshing.’
Cylvia rolled her eyes, ‘I am not uptight.’
‘Yeah right.’ Bella and Helen spoke at the same time.
‘I’m really going to miss you guys.’ Bella pouted, ‘you should make plans to visit me once in a while—it’s not every day I can convince Fred and Mrs. Lotman to make the trip here.’
‘We will try.’ Cylvia said
‘If the drama is not so exciting.’
Bella scoffed, ‘somebody has been hooked with the small town.’
‘Yes, seriously I don’t know what I was doing in the big city all those years, this town is exciting—it needs a book or a series.’
‘You can open that bakery you were talking about.’ Bella said
Helen sighed, ‘everyone is excited with the idea but Mrs. Jones still won’t return—I think Mrs. Bo has corrupted her already.’
Bella and Cylvia laughed, Helen had given them a brief description of what Mrs. Bo was like.
‘Bella!’ Timothy came to them and wrapped his arms around Bella in fierce hug that made Fred to run and narrow his eyes at them. ‘You should call me more often, I am not your enemy and I could give you all the updates that you end up missing.’
Cylvia folded her arms as Timothy let Bella go, ‘I still don’t get how you knew about the brothel house case,’
‘Me too.’ Helen agreed
Timothy cleared his throat and puffed out his chest, ‘just admit that I am smarter than those two boys you keep drooling over,’
Bella giggled
‘Ah seriously,’ Cylvia groaned, ‘somebody kick the freak out of the building.’
‘See? She is defending him already.’ Timothy nodded his head towards Cylvia, ‘well I can’t blame her the big guy was all over her for the rest of the holiday.’
Bella laughed and Cylvia shot him a death glare
‘Going away,’ he raised his hands in surrender 
‘Seriously that man never grows up.’ Cylvia growled under her breath and Bella only laughed harder.
‘Can I talk to you?’ He turned to Helen and with a little hesitation Helen nodded and followed him.
Helen hugged her arms, a sudden chilled assaulted her because of the topic she was sure Timothy was about to talk about.
‘How are you doing?’ he asked
‘Do you really care about that?’
‘I care about you.’
Helen nodded, ‘Timothy—
‘No wait’ he raised his hand, ‘I want to chortle Jake San because you chose him over me.’
‘That’s more like you.’ She mumbled
‘Yes as much as I want to hate the guy for the rest of my life I can’t help but be grateful for what he did,’
Helen was taken aback, ‘what?’
‘He rescued you when you were blindly moving to the lion’s den. And I saw that he really cares about you, no doubt and you care about him—look the san family have always been stereotyped for who they are. What Jake San did made me respect him and yes I want to chortle him for that as well.’
Helen chuckled, ‘are you ever going to get to the point?’
‘Do you want to know the real point?’ he gave her a steady look
‘no.’ she said decidedly. ‘I get it—I’m sorry about everything.’
‘I’m sorry for walking away from you—that was one of the most thoughtless things I have ever done.’
She opened her mouth and closed it, ‘what does it mean?’
‘I will see you around,’ he smiled, ‘and we don’t have to avoid each other anymore’
Helen smiled back at him, ‘I will take you up on that offer.’
‘Can we shake hands on it and make it an official agreement?’
Helen narrowed her eyes at him, ‘seriously?’
After the guests had left, Mr. Phillips called everyone in the living room for a family meeting. Trepidation hung heavily in the air because people were still not sure if Mr. Phillips had gotten over being upset about the case that was happening under his nose. Though he had forgiven them to some extent because it was for a good cause he didn’t appreciate being in the dark about the happenings around the farm with his own family for a second time.
Everyone sat rigidly in the couches as Mr. Phillips began to say the reason for his meeting out call.
‘We’ve all had one exciting Christmas and though I still want to lash out on that topic the initial people are absent.’ He referred to Joseph and Jake. Joseph left immediately after the New Year holiday was over and Cylvia did all she could not to admit that it upset her. ‘But we do need to hire another office worker.’
‘No!’ Helen shot up to her feet and all eyes landed on her, ‘I mean.’ She stammered
‘Sit down.’ Mr. Phillips stared at her, ‘I will not hear another word from you—you have a lot of cases with your name on it. I don’t approve people dating in the office,’
Helen sat back down, ‘but Fred and Bella dated in the office and I was already with Jake before he came to work here.’
‘Ha!’ Cylvia looked at her, ‘you finally admit that one.’
‘Helen has a point,’ Gerald said
‘I thought you were against this relationship.’ Charles told him
‘Keep your mouth shut this is adult stuff.’ Gerald growled at him in a low voice.
‘I thought you liked Cadence.’ Charles went on anyway.
‘You should focus on your career—you are only nineteen.’ Mrs. Phillips gave him a pointed look
‘It doesn’t even matter she left town I may never see her again.’ Gerald cried
‘Oh sorry I forgot that you are nursing a rejected heart.’ Charles managed to look remorseful.
‘The girl obviously has brains in her head, she will be something in her life.’ Cylvia flashed a sweet smile at Gerald
‘I guess that mean you still haven’t forgiven me for the crisis.’ Gerald smiled back in the same fake manner
‘No- why should I? You almost got yourself killed.’
‘you were the one who came out with a gush on your head and I think your brain shifted a little because—who are you and what have you done with my feisty sister?’
Charles rolled his eyes. ‘She is in love idiot—they all become soft pups when they do—I’m going to join the army.’
‘No you do not.’ Mrs. Phillips said sharply, ‘don’t even try to put that in my head,’
‘But I’m the one who is joining the army why would it be in your head?’
‘I don’t want to worry about you dodging bullets the rest of my remaining days on earth, don’t you pity for your mother.’
Charles gave a look of unbelief, ‘and you are not worried when your other son is a renounced lady’s man all over town.’
They all gaped at him.
‘I’m going to kill you.’ Gerald turned to glare at him and he raised his hands in surrender.
Helen raised her hand at Mr. Phillips, ‘can I make a valuable point regarding hiring anew worker?’
‘Hey!’ Mr. Phillips raised his voice, which was a very rare occurrence and the room fell silent. ‘Yes Helen you may have your say.’ He flashed her a smile.
Helen froze for a moment baffled by Mr. Phillips bizarre behavior before she could find her voice again, ‘Uhmn.’ She cleared her throat, ‘what I was saying is that hiring a new worker will not have any different results than we were having for two occasions now. you hired Fred and he left with Bella and now Jake is also gone and we can’t be assured that he will still want to work here when he returns.’
‘Or that you won’t stop the office romance when he does.’ Charles flashed a grin.
Gerald nudged him
‘So your point?’ Mr. Philips raised his eye brows
‘well, let’s not hire an outsider for now—I was thinking that since Gerald is taking a gap year and you don’t want him to go out there because you are worried about him getting into a similar trouble—
‘You were the perpetrator for this crisis!’ Gerald cried
‘Gerald!” Cylvia chided
‘I think it’s a brilliant idea,’ Mr. Philips grinned, ‘Gerald can work here until you leave for college—that saves a lot of worry.’
Gerald looked at them all helplessly.
‘Are you really going to join the army?” Mrs. Phillips looked at Charles.
 Gerald put his head into his hands and grunted something about cruel human beings.
‘No I was just joking!” Charles said, ‘besides I still have to graduate from high school.’
‘That rounds up the meeting for now.’ Mrs. Phillips said
‘I am not done dear.’ Mr. Phillips raised his eyebrows,’ issue number two.’
‘You mean topic not like a real issue right?’ Gerald raised his head
‘No it’s an issue I’m afraid.’
They all groaned simultaneously,
‘You have to listen very carefully my people—ever since the arrest of David San, the San family were banned from any Chieftaincy title by the president himself.’
‘That is actually very good news.’ Charles grinned like a loon.
‘So the village elders came together a decided that they are going to unanimously pick out the chief from one of the noble families of Farmland.’
A silence fell into the living room as his words sank in
‘And this family in among that election.’
‘No way!’ Gerald stood up, ‘Chief Phillips? I can’t live with that.’
‘They are not going to pick you- you idiot,’ Charles rolled his eyes, ‘so keep your hair on or you will prematurely go bald.’
‘But that’s not how they do it.’ Cylvia said, ‘is it?’
‘The San family was picked by the villagers and approved by the president.’ Mrs. Phillips explained, ‘because the late Chief San was a noble man.’
‘The other thing is that the family that is chosen this time round can never be removed from the position.’
Gerald slumped back into his couch, ‘I hate this town.’ He mumbled
‘Gerald—you are over reacting, they didn’t pick Mr. Phillips.’ Helen told him
‘Don’t talk to me Helen you made me work in the office during my preciously planned gap year.’
‘You are welcome’ Helen smiled.
‘So that means if the father leaves, the son takes over!” Charles was really thinking about this, ‘now that’s incredible.’
Gerald looked at him, ‘if you call me an idiot one more time I will beat you up.’
‘So just know that something like that may happen in the future that’s why I told you.’
At the end of the meeting everyone went their own way with a strong anticipation for a huge drama ahead for Farmland. The real question being—what else could go wrong?














PART FIVE


PROVING
Maybe no one had taken the chieftaincy issue very seriously. It really doesn’t sound serious until the so called noble families start to fight for the title. And it gets worse when rumor has it that the Phillips are the ones to be chosen so they are the target for all the one who have declared war out there.
Yes more drama and ups and turns in Farmland mixed with love stories and the Farmland families
Coming Soon…




Thank you dear reader for living in Farmland with me for the past, well according to Farmland a year. I am also wondering how so much drama can happen in a year. But if you’ve ever been in Farmland you will understand.
I can’t wait to see what happens next in that good old town….




ABOUT THE AUTHOR

My name is Bridget and my earliest childhood memories are in my humble home village where everyone knows everyone and no one minds their own business. Though that time I used to dream about escaping the village to the big city where things are more vibrant and private, I do love that small town and will cherish it since it carries the memories of my very curious young self.
Nowadays I spend most of my time writing, drinking coffee and hiking if I am not grounded in my fiction marathon or evading Netflix. I don’t like summer because of the mosquitoes and I like winter except when it arrives and my entire wardrobe becomes unattractive.
I don’t have any pets but I always thought that if I did manage to convince myself to acquire one I could get a rabbit because it’s cute and doesn’t seem like high maintenance. I don’t know much about cars so I avoid the topic as much as I can. 
As for my favorite color, it depends on what I want to use the color for.





