The 21st Day

Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2020 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


Book Cover Art by 100 Covers.
Special thanks to my wife, Tammy. Without her support, none of this would have been possible.


Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23

Prologue
My name is Chris Raal, and before I get to my story, I feel that it might be beneficial to explain some things. Werewolves, to start.
Werewolves are born, not turned. Descendants of the original wolf that was the victim of a curse that, to some, is more of a blessing. An old saying goes, ‘At the twenty-first hour of their twenty-first day of their twenty-first year, a child will become a beast.’ Or something like that. That’s the part I remember, at least.
What this means is that twenty-one days after their twenty-first birthday, at exactly nine o’clock, a werewolf will go insane if they haven’t found someone to protect. A charge, as my mother called them, is more than a want for a werewolf. It is a necessity.
Similar to werewolves are witches, the creators of the first werewolf. Also born to it, not taught.
Witches and werewolves share commonalities and a strong bond because neither of us are completely human. And yes, I said us, but more about that soon.
My story is about me and the three women that completely changed my life. One a friend, one an enemy, and the last one, both. The last one was ally and foe, savior and villain. And if you could see my face, you’d see that I’m smiling as I write this. I don’t want to give away too much, but a little hint never hurt anyone.
Each of these women was partially responsible for the extraordinary way my life turned out, and I am happy for all three of them. Because without each one of them, none of this would have happened.

Chapter 1
Loud knocking woke me at six twenty in the morning. In the dim light provided by the rising California sun as it came through the shade on my window, I could barely make out my room. I was a little groggy when I sat up and attempted to pull my brain from a sound sleep.
Sure, I could have peeked out the window to see who was at my door, but not me. I’m terribly afraid of heights. Just looking out my window might make me pass out or at least vomit. That is why my window is always covered with a shade.
Instead, I looked at the clock again as I heard another series of knocks. I'd gotten a little over three hours of sleep. My job as the manager for a bar owned by THE Tamara kept me up every night until after closing. It was usually three or later before I finally crawled into bed. Who in the world would be knocking so vigorously this early? All of my friends knew that I shouldn’t be awake at this hour. Not that I had many friends, but I had a few.
The bar I worked at was called The Witching Hour. Clever name, or dumb, depending on how you looked at it. I thought it was cute, but many of my customers often complained about the obviousness of it. Though I doubted anyone would have complained about it if Tamara had been around.
I’m not really sure anyone knows Tamara’s last name. Just saying the name Tamara is enough to strike fear into any witch paying attention to your statement. Not that I’ve ever met the woman, but I've heard rumors.
Some say that she can kill a completely transformed werewolf. Others say that she once blacked out a whole city on a whim. To say that Tamara was powerful was an understatement. There was no witch more feared than Tamara, yet for the last year, she had been missing, or so I hear. Again, I’ve never even met my boss.
I was hired two years ago by the previous manager. She walked me through everything for two weeks, then made a run for it. Apparently, my predecessor had made Tamara angry. Skimming from the nightly deposits tends to make the boss a little upset. Come to think of it, I haven’t heard anything about the previous manager, Clara Sanderson, since she left. Perhaps Tamara had caught up to her.
Although I’ve never met my boss, I have met her sister. Nicole was a sweet girl. Very shy. I even tried to ask her out once when she was visiting the bar I run, but I don’t think she was all that interested in witches. At least not in male witches. That is what I am…technically. Though I prefer the term warlock.
I hear Nicole found herself a wolf. I’m happy for her. If anyone deserves someone to watch over them, it’s her. The kindest, sweetest witch I've ever met. Would never hurt a soul.
Well, I did see her get angry once. I was about to show the rude guy to the door, but I didn’t need to. He rushed out, terrified, with a bloody nose a few moments later. Never did figure out how she punched him. I was watching the whole time and didn’t even see her stand up. Nicole was never very confident in her magic, so I assume she had punched him.
As I stood and stretched, running a hand through my messy brown hair, the knocking got louder.
I generally like my hair a little shorter. Short enough that I don’t have to do much with it, but not a buzz cut or anything. Usually, I get up, run a comb through it, and I'm set. Today, I'd skip the comb. Whoever was trying to take my door down was going to get me as is.
The person at my front door was either really angry or really impatient. The knocking got louder as I rolled my eyes, pulled on some shorts, and headed downstairs. It was July and warm, even in my house. Whoever was rude enough to wake me up at six in the morning was going to get an eyeful whether they liked it or not. I’m not modest. They’re lucky I put on shorts.
On the way down the stairs, I could see through the windows beside the front door. There were two petite women standing outside. One of them looked exactly like a picture I'd seen of Tamara. The other, I had never seen before.
My annoyance turned to apprehension. Tamara did not visit her employees. Especially not at a little after six in the morning. What had I done wrong? Had the bar been robbed? Had it burnt down? I know I had not been skimming from the deposits. That didn’t mean one of my employees hadn’t done something just as stupid.
When I opened the door, the one I assumed was Tamara pushed by me. She was leading the other girl with some handcuffs attached to a long chain. The small blonde looked angry. I’d be angry too if someone was leading me around like a pet. Then again, anyone with half a brain wouldn’t be acting so upset if they knew about Tamara. Perhaps the woman had no idea that even showing annoyance to her captor might be the last mistake she ever made.
I shut the door and smirked as the two women turned to face me and took in my lack of clothing. Judging by the looks on their faces, they were sufficiently impressed with my physique. This helped me overcome some of my fear. Tamara looked more intrigued than angry at me. Her frustration with the chained woman seemed to give way to lustful glances when her eyes looked me over.
I’m not everyone's idea of what a warlock should look like, and I’m proud of that fact. Also, there are very few of us around. Witches tend to be female, ninety-nine percent of the time. So, whoever came up with the idea that male witches should be spindly, pasty looking dudes never met me.
I’m six foot, actually around five-eleven and a half, and I enjoy working out to make sure I don’t look like the stereotypical wizard. By the way, I hate that term. I’m a warlock, not some dude with a robe and a funny hat. Warlock sounds cool and scary. Wizard sounds like a dork who will wave a wand and turn you into a cat or something.
As my two female guests took in my form, I made sure to take in theirs.
The woman I assumed was Tamara was maybe five foot two and petite. Her dark hair went to her waist, and her skin tone told me that her parents were from a Mediterranean country. Her shape, even in the dirty tee-shirt and old blue jeans, was appealing.
I like smaller women, long hair and dark skin are a definite plus. But perhaps Tamara was a little too small. She was also my boss and probably the most powerful witch in the world. Two very big checkmarks in the no column. One argument and she’d either fire me or turn me inside out. Neither of which sounded pleasant.
The other woman was lighter-skinned, not a turnoff, just noticeable. She apparently didn’t like the sunlight or something. And her blonde hair wasn’t like a bleach blonde. It was more of a dishwater blonde. It was also longer with some curls, though not as long as Tamara’s. The blonde was taller than Tamara by about two inches and had a more feminine figure. Like I said, Tamara was a little too small and too thin. The blonde was more my type, except for the blonde part.
The blonde woman was a mess. Her shirt had tears, revealing the fact that she had no clothes on under what looked like an oversized nightshirt. She had no pants on either, showing her dirty legs and bare feet with blood on them. And boy did she look pissed now. When she walked in, she was upset. One look at me and she was beyond angry. Perhaps she didn’t like men.
“You’re giving me to him?!” the blonde asked. Even her eyes looked at me with anger.
Had I mistaken her lustful looks? I was pretty certain that she had been looking at me with just as much attraction as Tamara...for about two seconds. Why was she now upset with me? And why was she assuming that Tamara was giving her to me?
Tamara turned to the blonde, and the woman cowered, realizing her mistake.
“I’m not giving you to him. He is going to help you.” Then Tamara turned to me. “Aren’t you, Christopher?”
“Help with what? And please, call me Chris.”
Only my mother called me Christopher, and I only let her call me that because she was my mom. But that was more than two years ago, when she passed and left me this house.
“This wolf...” Tamara waved one hand over the blonde, who continued to scowl at me. “Is now at her twenty-first day, and she hasn’t found someone.” Then Tamara looked at the wolf girl once more. “And she decided that attacking me was the best way to commit suicide.”
“My mother...,” I started, but Tamara didn’t let me finish.
“I know your mother is gone, but you still have the room in the basement. You didn’t fill it up with junk, did you?” Tamara now glared at me, waiting for my response.
“No. The werewolf room is still the way she left it,” I replied.
My mother used to be the ‘go-to’ witch when you had a wolf that was over their twenty-one days. I’d seen it many times over the years. A wolf would come to my mother for help, and my mother would find someone for them to protect. It was quite a common thing in our community, and it was my mother’s job. A job that paid only after the wolf found a charge. Twice, it hadn’t worked out so well.
The first time the wolf had committed suicide. Even wolves have to breathe, so drowning will kill them. The second had to be put down by other wolves because he...he killed my mother. But never, in all of my twenty-four years, had my mother ever helped a female werewolf. They were less common than a male witch, or so I had heard. Perhaps that was why Tamara thought I’d be the best witch for this job.
The new woman who had taken over after my mother’s passing was not well suited for this particular job. Mostly because she was a woman. Unless this blonde was gay, something I thought doubtful from her first look at me, she’d never listen to a woman.
I quickly went over everything my mother had inadvertently taught me. She knew that I would never do her job, being that I was a man, but I did help her on many occasions. Being the son of the woman trying to save them from insanity gave me a great deal of protection from the beasts my mother kept locked up in the basement.
I used to feed them, even keep them company while my mother was out looking for their perfect charge. She never called them mates because that would be insensitive. One time the woman my mother found was married and the wolf became her protector, not her lover.
That case was not normal, and that man, Tom, was a silverback. Silverbacks are the most dangerous, yet most loyal type of werewolf, and less common than a male witch. Maybe not as uncommon as a female werewolf, but still pretty rare. These enormous beasts didn’t care if the woman loved them back, they just needed a purpose. Someone to die for.
I felt sorry for Tom. Never finding love, but I also didn’t completely understand his motivations. I was not a wolf. I couldn’t understand it. As my mother always said. ‘My job is to help them, not judge them.’
Tamara interrupted my thoughts when she uncuffed the blonde and pushed her at me. My petite boss spoked to the woman but made sure I heard her.
“You will follow his every order. If you have any chance of living through this, Christopher...” She looked at me apologetically. “Chris is your only chance.”
“Maybe I don’t want to live through this,” the blonde said angrily, though she didn’t shout. And she stared into my eyes the whole time.
“Don’t be silly, Elizabeth,” Tamara said, then a devious smile spread.
“Beth,” my new responsibility said, still staring into my eyes. However, the anger had been replaced with something else.
For a moment, I thought I saw hope. Perhaps this mess of a woman didn’t want to die after all. Maybe she really did want my help but was too afraid or too proud to ask for it.
“I have a private phone call to make. Can I use the other room while you figure this out?” Tamara asked.
“Sure,” I replied.
I was shocked. While I had never met the woman, I had heard the stories. Tamara didn’t ask for permission. She ordered, and you obeyed. This piqued my curiosity. Pushing this aside, I addressed my new house guest.
“Bathroom is upstairs, first door on the right. My room is on the left.” I paused and thought about my next words carefully. Surely mom would understand. Perhaps she’d even insist on it. Helping wolves was her life’s work. Of course she would insist. “The second door on the right, at the end of the hall, was my mother’s. You can look through her clothes for something to wear. She was close to your size, though they might be a little loose.”
I looked at my small guest once more and was satisfied with my assessment. She was smaller than mom had been. Not by much, but by enough that mom’s clothes would probably fit loosely. If I was really going to do this, I'd have to get this woman some clothing. I’d seen my mother do this job a hundred times, and I knew what I was in for.
It would be weeks, possibly months, of frustrating work. This woman looked stubborn and self-reliant. These types were usually the hardest. It might take me a few weeks to even get her to tell me what type of man interested her. Even when she did finally confide in me, I'd have to sort through what she told me and what I'd learned.
This part was also something I was prepared for. Stubborn wolves would tell you what they thought was expected of them. Not what they truly wanted. And that was why it would take weeks to get to the type of man that Beth really wanted.
“You just expect me to...” Beth started, but I could see the pleading in her eyes.
If I hadn’t been raised by one of the best...I don’t even think mom had an official title. Werewolf helper? Werewolf keeper? Neither of those sounded appropriate nor accurate. Still, I was ready for Beth’s response, and I interrupted her before her mouth could paint her into a corner.
“Yes. I do,” I said sternly, but without the anger she was showing...or at least the anger she was trying to show. “Take a bath. Find some clothes that you can wear outside. When you’re done, we’ll go to your place, and you can pack up your clothes and anything else you need.”
“I live in Arizona,” Beth said, and I could see her anger falter. She was still keeping up the act, but the relief she felt was evident in her body language. She wanted my help.
“Then we’ll buy clothes for you. You can pay me back later.” I made sure to follow my mom’s rules to the letter. I’d never done this before, but I knew every step. “But, you should take a bath first.”
I needed to assert my dominance but in a way that wasn’t combative. Beth needed to feel safe around me, but she also needed to know that I was in charge. Deep down, the wolves wanted someone to be in charge. They couldn’t trust their own emotions, and with their other half pushing for control, they needed someone to tell them what to do, what to think. I just hoped that all my mom’s rules, the ones meant for male wolves, would apply to this situation.
Also, I wasn’t concerned with how much money would be spent on Beth. Any expenses I incurred would be paid back at a later date. Wolves always paid my mother back, and then some. Often times, they were so lavish that she had to stop them from paying her. Their gratitude was so profound that many of them would have kept paying until they were broke. Giving someone their sanity back often has that effect. Can you really put a price on your sanity?
“Ok,” was all Beth said, then turned and headed up the stairs.
She put on a show of stomping at first. Then, when she thought I wasn’t paying attention, she rushed up the stairs.
With my new wolf cleaning herself up, I turned my thoughts to myself. I knew exactly why I had accepted this. Being raised like I was, I knew what I'd be sentencing Beth to if I didn’t help her. She’d be dead inside a month. Either by her own hand or by someone else’s.
Not to mention the torture she would have to endure until her miserable life was ended. How could I turn her down? It wasn’t like there were many warlocks willing to do it. In fact, I think there were only three in the U.S., and the other two would have no idea how to properly help a wolf. It had to be me. I was her only option.
My entryway was small. Stairs leading up to the second floor off to the right, doorway leading to the living room on the left. Being that my house was fairly small, I could hear some of Tamara’s conversation.
“Yes, I’m with her now,” Tamara said in a tone not fitting for someone so feared. It actually sounded like she was capitulating to whoever was on the other side. “I found someone who can help her.”
Who was she talking to? Who could make Tamara talk like this?
“But I did exactly like you said, Nicole,” Tamara whined. “You don’t understand. This guy will help her better than I could.”
Her sister? Tamara was afraid of her sister? Nicole wasn’t scary. Nicole was one of the kindest, most thoughtful people I'd ever met.
“But...I did everything you asked,” she whined again, then there was a long pause. I couldn’t see Tamara’s face but was sure it was pained from the sound of her voice. “I understand. Can I at least come see you?” Then another long pause. “I...” Tamara pulled the phone from her ear. Nicole had apparently hung up on her. “I miss you.”
As I waited in the entry hall, Tamara straightened up her outfit then wiped her eyes. When she turned my way, I pretended not to be paying attention to her. I fixed my gaze on the top of the stairs as Beth walked from my mom’s room toward the bathroom door. She had in her arms a pair of pants and a button-up blouse that had short ruffled sleeves. 
She walked like a woman who was angry, but I could see the hope and relief in her eyes when they met mine. It was a secret ‘thank you’ that she didn’t want to completely commit to. Part of her wanted this, part of her hated that she needed it, and another part of her hated me for being what she needed. That hatred would turn to trust as the days went by...at least I hoped it would. That was, if I did my job correctly.
“Your shifts at The Witching Hour will be covered indefinitely by your assistant while you help Elizabeth.”
I could tell Tamara had been crying, but I was not about to bring it up. Somehow Nicole had made the scariest woman alive cry.
“Beth,” I corrected.
“Beth,” she agreed. “She is your main concern. Your only concern.” She paused, and the real Tamara came to the surface. “If you fuck this up for me...”
She glared at me with intent, and I understood. If I didn’t find Beth a charge, I'd be the one to pay the price. Then Tamara felt the need to add more to her threat.
“And so help me, if you touch her, I’ll...” Tamara clenched her fist at me but didn’t use her magic. It looked like she was using every ounce of self-control to stop herself from crushing me like a bug. Which she probably could have done. Then her fist opened, and she stuck her index finger only inches from my face. “She’s not yours...never will be yours. Do you understand me?”
This was the Tamara I'd heard about. Demanding and sure of herself. Did Nicole finally stand up for herself? Is that why Tamara was crying? Was Nicole as powerful as Tamara? They were sisters, after all. It was hard to believe that the sweetest girl I'd ever met could be as strong as the demon boss I'd come to know only from stories. Still, it was the only explanation that made sense.
“I know what I’m doing,” I said with more confidence than I felt.
Tamara glared at me and leaned in, standing on her toes.
“For your sake, I hope so.”
With that, she walked to the door and slammed it on her way out.
This left me with little to do until my new housemate was done with her bath. Instead of sitting around twiddling my thumbs, I decided to put on some clothes, then I headed to the basement. That room would be getting a lot of use very soon, and I hadn’t been down there in two years.

Chapter 2
The door to the basement is along the wall, under the stairs leading up. To me, it always looked like a closet door. The kind you see in movies where you put your coats. I guess I probably thought that because it was in the entryway.
When I opened the door, the musty stench of stale air hit me in the face. Two years is a long time to avoid a room. Going into my mother’s room was easier than coming down here.
Every time I even walk by the door, I think of all the hours my mother had spent down here. How much of her life was spent helping poor werewolves whose only crime was being unable to find their charge. Despite this, she loved every moment spent down here with her friends. Which is exactly what they became. I’d even be so bold as to say they were more like adopted children to her.
These were some of the reasons that going into her room was easier than coming down these steps.
I flipped on the wall switch, and the stairs were illuminated. At the bottom of the stairs was a steel door with a large sliding deadbolt lock. There was not much to tell you what else to expect from out here. If any police had ever come down here, they would have assumed that my mother was a kidnapper. The door locked from the outside with a heavy steel bolt that went across the door and into the wall. It looked more like a prison than the place many wolves had come to remember fondly. The room that had been their home while the woman they called savior gave them their sanity back.
I apprehensively walked down the stairs, then eased the door open, and the stench was stronger from in here. I had a lot of cleaning to do before tonight. If it was assaulting my nostrils, what would it do to poor Beth?
Werewolf senses are ten times stronger than mine, maybe more. Now that she was through her first twenty-one days, her senses must have been on overdrive. The wolf and her were not merged, so the effect was torturous on her mind and her body. My mother made sure I remembered this lesson. No colognes, I wasn’t even allowed to use strong smelling shampoo. Every consideration was given to their sensitivities. To this day, I still find it impossible to wear cologne, and my shampoo is nearly odorless. Even my deodorant barely had a scent to it.
When I entered the room so many had called home, I was reminded of my mother again. This was where she died, another reason why I hadn’t entered this room in so long.
The single bed in the far-right corner was plain and simple. A pillow, and a sheet, nothing more. The wolves didn’t use this much. Not until they were nearing the completion of bonding with their chosen. The last occupant of this room hadn’t even been close to that stage, which is why there was no blanket for him to use.
Then my eyes moved to the wall where the shackles were embedded into the concrete. Solid steel posts had been molded into the wall and supports had been placed behind them. Out from these posts, that were at least three inches thick, were solid chains strong enough to hold the monstrous, confused beast that they would become. The arm cuffs were sturdy, half an inch thick and two inches wide. The ones for their ankles were similar. I wondered how well these would hold my small housemate.
These restraints were designed with large men in mind. Though I didn’t get a good look at Beth, I doubted the restraints would fit her. Like my mother’s clothing, they would be too loose. This was another problem I would have to address before tonight.
As my eyes found the small table and two chairs near the dresser on the left wall, I was reminded of how many times I’d come in to find mom talking to her current client. Mostly these were strategy sessions, fact-finding conversations, or, when the client was close to being finished, grateful promises to repay my mother for as long as she wanted.
I felt tears starting, then pushed them back and walked into the bathroom that was in the far-left corner.
It was a small room with a toilet, sink, and shower. Little else was needed in here. This small bathroom was not designed with comfort in mind. I don’t think my mother wanted the wolves to get too comfortable here. This was not a resort or a vacation spot, this was therapy of sorts. They needed to be comfortable here, but they also needed to know that this was temporary.
I inhaled the stench that was even present in the bathroom and vowed to make this my first priority. The shackles would wait until after the smell of mold and mildew was eradicated from my guest’s new living quarters. I’m not sure why, but her wanting to stay was more concerning to me than the possibility of her attacking me.
As I walked out of the bathroom, preparing to find the bleach, as well as something to cover the smell of bleach, I saw Beth standing in the doorway. In my mother’s clothes, she looked different. The clean wet hair, hands and feet, probably helped. She hadn’t bothered to put on shoes. I think this is a werewolf thing. Many of my mother’s clients hated wearing shoes.
While she looked over the room, I looked at her more closely.
Beth was more muscular than I'd originally noticed. Even her forearms, as she crossed them under her breasts in defiance, looked powerful. She was certainly a werewolf. The woman could snap my spine in an instant, and I was suddenly very thankful that I was a man.
It was doubtful a female wolf would attack a male witch. Something deep inside them wouldn’t allow it, not unless I provoked her. Something I'd have to be sure never to do. I would be stern and commanding but would stop short of ordering her. The protection of being a warlock would vanish the moment I tried to force her to do anything.
“I have to stay here?” she asked with a disgusted tone. I could see her face wince at the smell.
My mother’s baggy clothes were a little distracting to me. The ruffled peach blouse had never looked like that on my mother. Being that she was my mother, I probably wouldn’t have noticed if it had. Despite the fact that the pants were baggy, I could see her figure trying to make itself known.
Beth was muscular, very muscular, but also very feminine. She didn’t look like a weight lifter, more like an athlete. Similar to a dancer. Her breasts were a little too large for a gymnast, though the rest of her body looked the type. Sinewy muscles flexed under her skin as she squeezed her arms with her fingers.
“Only when the change is coming. The door will remain unlocked during the day,” I assured her.
She lifted an eyebrow but didn’t uncross her arms. Then she crossed her legs and leaned on the door frame. It wasn’t what she wanted to hear, but I wasn’t her host. I was her last chance at living the rest of her life. What she wanted was important, but her getting what she needed was my main concern. Even if she didn’t like it.
“Do you want me to get some air freshener or something?” she asked after sniffing the air once more.
“No. I’ll do it. I wouldn’t put you through that.” Then I decided that setting some ground rules and expectations was in order. I’d heard mom do it many times, so I started with an admission. “I’m not here to torture you. I’m here to help you.”
“I see,” Beth answered, but didn’t move. She also didn’t change the look of irritation on her face.
“You will be here every night at eight-thirty. Not a minute later. Except for that, you are free to go and do whatever you like.”
“What if I want to go out?” she asked with skepticism, but I saw the look in her eyes again. She was trying to project strength, but inside, the human part of her was thankful.
“As long as you are back by eight-thirty, that’s your business.” I took a few steps toward her, and she looked apprehensive, so I stopped. I didn’t want to scare her nor was I trying to bully her. Her cooperation was important, perhaps the most important part of this. If she wasn’t on board with it, I’d get nowhere. “I’m not your captor. I’m not your jailor. I’m your friend. And I’ll help you, if you let me.”
“I don’t even know you,” she snapped, and her stern look returned.
“Let me rephrase that then,” I said and chuckled a little. This brought a slight smile to her face, but she quickly hid it. “I will be your friend...eventually. If that’s what you want.”
I could see the effort it took to keep the smile from her face. It was amusing, and I had to stop my own smile. That wouldn’t help my situation. With a wolf like her, I'm sure it would have made it worse. She was more than stubborn.
She spun, then headed back upstairs without saying another word. I took that as a good sign. She didn’t refuse my offer, which meant it was under consideration.
It took me a good hour to get the stench out of the basement. There were more than a few instances of me feeling tears as well. I didn’t let myself fall into that trap again. I had put my mother’s death behind me over a year ago. I could deal with the awkwardness of being in the room where she died. Beth needed that room so that she could live a somewhat normal life. It was what mom would have wanted.
When I returned upstairs, Beth was sitting in the living room.
My living room wasn’t large. It was just me and mom for the longest time. Dad died when I was ten years old, in a car accident, nothing suspicious. He was human, and a car hit him at seventy miles an hour. Mom bought this house after his death. Said that the old house reminded her of him.
There was a couch and mom’s recliner beside it. On the opposite wall was a smaller flat-screen TV that I had finally convinced mom to purchase when her tube TV went out.
I’m not really sure this room was intended as a living room. If you ask me, it was a dining room, almost a walkway to the kitchen. A doorway on either wall gave me the impression that this house was built without a living room. I’m not even sure why someone would do that.
I sat in the recliner, not wanting to get too close to the werewolf girl who sat in the middle of the couch. When she looked away from the TV, she gave me another appreciative look that quickly vanished as she tried to keep that part of herself hidden.
“I don’t even have a TV down there, do I?” she asked angrily.
“Do you really need one?” I asked. When she looked dumbfounded and refused to answer, I added more. “It’s not like your wolf side will be too concerned with late-night TV. Any other time, you are welcome to sit up here.”
Again, I added a laugh and saw her turn away to hide her smile.
“Maybe I want some privacy,” she stated, then looked back at me, her sternness once again in place.
“You can have all the privacy you want. Just without a TV.” I raised my eyebrows and leaned forward. “Do you really want to owe me for a TV when your wolf breaks it?”
This softened her looks. She tried to focus on the TV program once more but looked distracted. After a few moments of acting like she was watching the show, she spoke again.
“So, what’s your plan, Chris?” she asked contemptuously.
“You want me to lay out all the steps?” I asked in response.
“Yes, if you don’t mind.” The way she said it told me that she wasn’t being kind, it was sarcasm.
“Step one, we get to know each other.” I leaned back, and she seemed to lose her contempt. She even shut off the TV so she could concentrate. I imagine it must have been distracting to someone with such good hearing.
“Step two, I find you someone to protect.” I put my hands behind my head triumphantly and leaned back. “Step three. You thank me.”
I could see the smile trying to peek out once again. She knew I was teasing her. Despite all my attempts, she would not let that side of herself out. She couldn’t allow herself to like me. At least not yet. Although, I thought a small part of her already did.
“When do we start?”
She surprised me with her question. It took me a moment to come up with an answer.
“How about now?” I asked.
She didn’t answer. Instead, she stood, so I went on.
“Clothes first. Then some more appropriate shackles.” I stood as well, waiting for her response.
“You’re going to let me pick out my own shackles?”
“Within reason,” I answered. “I don’t think I'd like waking up and finding you missing...,” I paused and grinned at her once more. I’d win her over eventually. “Nor would I want to find you drooling over me.”
“I will not be drooling over you,” she objected, but I saw the tint of pink in those pale cheeks. “Maybe if my wolf was hungry for a midnight snack.”
I took the opportunity to tease her once again.
“Why else would you be drooling over me?” With a carefree motion, I directed her at the door, then said with a laugh. “What did you think I meant?”
Her grumbling told me that I had succeeded. It wasn’t flirting...exactly. It was more like a friendly jab. I would never use her like that. Wolves during this time in their life were very vulnerable.
I needed her to trust me. To trust that I would never take advantage of her. Trust that I had her best interests in mind, not my own. I would not abuse her trust.

Chapter 3
As bedtime approached on that first night, Beth looked nervous.
We had spent most of the day finding clothes and new shackles that would fit her smaller frame. Being that this would be Beth’s first complete change, neither of us had any idea of how large she would be. So…we guessed.
As I stood in the doorway, ready to close it to give her some privacy, she wrung her hands.
“You’re sure they will hold me?” she asked and motioned to the new shackles I had installed.
“If not, this door has never let a wolf through it.” I knocked on it, and the sound was reassuring. I even saw her relax a little. “Three-inch-thick solid steel. Think you can break through that?”
“No,” she relented then grabbed one of the paper gowns my mother always used with wolves.
The gown was similar to a hospital gown, only it was paper and disposable. The wolf would tear it to shreds, so disposable was just what we needed.
The chains attached to the wall were around eight feet long. Though they would not keep the wolf very still, that was not their intention. They were designed to give the wolf a little freedom while keeping them from trashing the room. A few times, the chains had been broken, but the wolves responsible had been much larger than my petite house guest.
The idea behind the shackles was not one of restraint, not exactly. It was part of the process. Much later, when the wolf was comfortable with me, it would provide a barrier as I got to know my client’s scarier side. Not that I would stay down here all night with her, but I did need to introduce myself. Then I would make nightly visits to emphasize to Beth’s other side that I was helping her. It was very important that the wolf became comfortable with me as well. Beth and her monster were two separate personalities at the moment, and I needed both of them to trust me.
I started shutting the door as she headed to the bathroom. Nervously she spoke over her shoulder.
“That isn’t necessary. I’ll just shut the bathroom door,” she offered, and I accepted her words.
“Ok,” I replied, then walked back in and took a seat on one of the chairs.
We both knew what was coming. Judging by her attitude, I assumed that she wanted help her first time. Chaining herself up must have felt daunting, maybe a little frightening. I wanted to reassure her that it was a temporary thing. Nightly, not permanent. I’d be there in the morning to set her free, covering my eyes the whole time. Maybe I'd even throw in a little joke about her being naked and me not looking. Whatever would make her more comfortable with this.
I wasn’t sure I was handling Beth quite like mom would have, but it seemed to be working so far. At least Beth didn’t look angry with me any longer. The trip to the department store to buy her clothing had softened her up some.
Mom was...a mom. She treated her clients in a motherly fashion. A way that male wolves seemed to latch onto. The way I was treating Beth was more like a big brother. I had no idea what a dad should act like. I also wasn’t entirely comfortable acting like a father to a woman so close to my age. The fact that she was beautiful probably had a lot to do with it.
I also got the impression, during our shopping trip, that treating her like a child would be counterproductive. She didn’t want a father figure. She wanted someone strong and commanding, but not authoritative. I was not her dad. I was not her boss. I was stern, but she was in charge of her own life. Even when I told her what to do, I tried to leave a little room for her to make the final decision. Giving her the freedom to argue with me if she wanted.
As Beth stepped out of the bathroom shyly, I found it difficult to see her as a bloodthirsty killer. Although the paper gown was baggy and crisp, I found myself wondering what she looked like underneath it. It was going to be a long hard couple of months with a client like Beth. Why did she have to look so...so...desirable?
I fidgeted in my seat and focused my gaze on the shackles while my beautiful client pulled the paper gown close to her body and walked sideways.
“You couldn’t find any that fastened in the back?” she asked with a tone to her voice I hadn’t heard yet. Was that a joke? Was she teasing me back? Perhaps my strategy was working.
“I’ll see what I can find tomorrow,” I offered, then stood and headed over to the shackles.
While I unlocked each of the padlocks, she moved beside me. After a few moments, she spoke softly.
“I was kidding about the gown,” she said. Her voice sounded very apologetic, and she looked terrified.
I had seen many wolves on their first night. Beth’s reaction was completely understandable. If she hadn’t been scared and worried, I might have been a little concerned.
“I know you were just teasing me. Still...having your ass hang out might not be the most comfortable thing in the world.” I looked at her, and her eyes met mine. Again, I saw the hidden ‘Thank you’ that she wouldn’t allow herself to say.
After a few awkward moments, I returned to my task and removed all the padlocks. While Beth gingerly put each shackle on, I secured them. The whole time, she avoided looking into my eyes. She seemed very apprehensive about the shackles, but she didn’t object.
“Do you need anything before I head out?” I asked when all four shackles were secure. I tucked the key into my pocket, then took a step back.
“You don’t have to leave,” she said sadly.
I could see the fear creeping back into her, but knew that I couldn’t stay. Not tonight, maybe not for several days. Her wolf wouldn’t be ready to accept me until the human part of her already had.
“For the first few nights, I think it’s better if I'm not in here. You might understand why I'm doing this. The wolf won’t.”
She tipped her head down. Perhaps it was shame, maybe embarrassment.
“I guess you’re right. She won’t get it. She’ll probably hate you for it.”
As she looked back up, once again thanking me without words, I smiled kindly.
“After a few days, I'll get to know your wolf too. It just takes time.”
“Goodnight, Chris,” she said sadly then looked at the clock on the opposite wall from her.
I glanced at it as well, though I knew exactly what time it was. It was eight fifty-five. There was not a chance in hell I was going to be in this room when nine o’clock rolled around. Not tonight.
“The first time is always hard,” I explained. “Just let it happen.”
I pitied the small woman chained up in my basement. I didn’t want her to feel the pain that was coming in a few short minutes, but that was not my fault, nor was it within my control. I had not done this to her, she was born with it, and I could not stop what was coming.
Despite these truths, I couldn’t help but feel guilty over my inability to help her. It was my job to help her. She was my client. But tonight, I could do nothing.
“Ok,” she said meekly.
The look let me know that, even if it was horrible, Beth wouldn’t complain about it. She probably wouldn’t even tell me about it. Not until she started to trust me.
The first few times were usually rough, but with each change, it got easier. Beth would learn to give in to it and just accept what was going to happen because fighting it wouldn’t change a thing.
“I’ll be just outside the door for the first few nights. I would never leave you alone,” I assured her, and, for the first time, I saw her smile. Her full, real smile.
Beth had a very pretty smile. Some women smile like it hurts, some smile like it’s fake. Beth’s was not fake, and it lit up her face like I'd seen from very few women in my life. Working at a bar, I’ve made a lot of women smile. Beth’s smile was in the top ten, maybe the top five. It made her whole face look that much prettier.
“What time are you setting me free?” she asked and hid her uplifting smile.
“Just as soon as I’m sure you’ve…” I wasn’t sure exactly how to put this part. Was released the right word? Woken up? I didn’t quite know how to put it.
“I’ve heard that the wolf recedes sometime around sunrise.” She glanced at the clock once more. We had two minutes left.
She was right, most of the time, the wolf was gone by the time the sun hit the windows of my house. Only once had that not been the case. But it was Tom’s first change and Silverbacks can be very stubborn.
“I’ll be down here at five-thirty...and I’ll knock first.” I flashed her a silly grin and she started to show that wonderful smile once more, then fear took over.
“You better hurry.”
She watched the seconds tick as I backed toward the door. I didn’t want to take my eyes off her and found myself wishing there was a way to save her from the pain that was coming.
As the door clicked shut, right as I was sliding the bolt into place, I heard it start.
At first, there were shrill cries and the sounds of bones cracking. The chains rattled, and I was fairly certain that she had fallen onto her hands and knees. Next, Beth’s cries became scream,s and I struggled with my urge to throw the door open and comfort her. The pain sounded like nothing I had ever experienced.
Perhaps it was the fact that it came from a woman that caused it to hit me so deeply. I had heard this from men nearly a hundred times over the years. Then again, perhaps it was because I knew those cries and screams were coming from Beth. A woman with a smile that made me feel things I shouldn’t have been feeling.
As a roar pushed its way out of a rather long scream, I took a step back from the door. I’d heard male wolves with less powerful roars than that. It shook my chest, and I was very glad I'd placed myself on this side of the door. I also wasn’t so sure I was looking forward to meeting Beth’s other half. She sounded enormous and very vicious.
Wolves come in many sizes. Some people don’t change size much at all. Others change a lot. One of the largest wolves I’ve ever seen came from a man that wasn’t even my height. It was Tom, the Silverback, the only one I've ever met, and he was gigantic. But, and this is very important, he was the easiest of my mother’s clients.
Not only did he follow mother’s every word, he didn’t need the shackles. Tom never even looked at me or my mother menacingly when he was a wolf. This was a good thing because I doubt the shackles would have held Tom. The door might not have held Tom.
Before I headed up to bed, I knocked on the door lightly.
“Are you ok, Beth?” I asked, though I doubted she would answer. At least not with words.
Another roar that shook my chest came from the room, and I heard the chains drag across the floor. The thumps of Beth’s footsteps could be heard echoing in the room. Then came the sound as the chains snapped into place when she must have reached the end. She sniffed the air, then a low growl emanated from behind the door. The wolf wasn’t happy about it, but her anger was subsiding.
“I’ll be back in the morning. Night, Beth,” I said kindly and heard a huff come from the other side of the door. Then the chains drug back across the floor, and I heard the bed creak as she sat on it.
She was, indeed, very large. Perhaps I didn’t want to meet Beth’s wolf. Maybe there was a way for me to help her without introducing myself to the monstrosity that sat behind this door.

Chapter 4
My alarm went off at five-thirty the next morning, and I almost hit snooze. Then Beth’s beautiful smile flashed in my mind, and I shot up. I had made a promise, and I was not about to disappoint her. Perhaps I'd get another one of those incredible smiles as a reward for my diligence.
I threw on clothes, not wanting to show off for Beth a second time. Our relationship had changed. I didn’t want her distracted by me. She needed a charge to care for. Her perfect companion. If I confused her feelings, it would be detrimental to her.
In her current state, not merged with her wolf side but recently human once more, her emotions would be all over the place. Mom often said that wolves were the most vulnerable right after their transition back to being human. Horny as hell and just as angry. That was why my mother always wore long sleeve shirts and pants or full-length dresses to unlock her clients. She didn’t want to give them the slightest impression that she was interested in them.
This changed in the years before her death, though I don’t know why. She just suddenly decided to wear her normal clothes to unlock the wolves. She never did explain why she changed the rules.
Either way, I was certain that I didn’t want Beth to be distracted with me. I was already sufficiently distracted by her, though I’d never do anything about it. This didn’t mean that I wanted her to start hitting on me, or worse. I doubted I could put up much of a fight if Beth suddenly decided that I was the one she wanted.
In accordance with my mother’s earlier teachings, I threw on pants, even though it was already seventy outside, and a long-sleeved button-up shirt. It was warm, but I could change after setting Beth free. After Beth’s mind was completely her own again, I would be much less interesting to her in that way.
The haze of the transformation only lasted about an hour or so. I’d give Beth her space and make some breakfast for the both of us while she took control of her mind again.
I grabbed a sheet from the upstairs closet and headed down to the basement. I just hoped that Beth would be curled up or something. Beth wouldn’t be the only one with lustful thoughts if she was sprawled out on the bed. I wasn’t sure how I would be able to look her in the face again if I saw her naked.
I knocked quietly and heard the chains rustle. Good, she was awake. Now to find out if she was a wolf.
“Are you back?”
I wanted to say back to normal, but that would have been insensitive. Her life was not normal any longer. And who’s to say which half of her was the normal part. She might consider the wolf side of her the normal form. I didn’t consider the human part of me the normal part. I was a warlock and damn proud of it.
Through the door, I heard grunts and moans as the chains slid on the floor. I had come as she was transforming back. There were a few pops and snaps that sounded like bone, then whimpering and more chains sliding.
“Are you ok, Beth?” I asked, hoping she would answer.
At this stage, I could not risk opening the door until she was completely human. I was starting to sweat in my dress shirt as the sun was coming up. I really needed to look into getting my air conditioner fixed. It kept the house at around eighty. Not horrible, but not great. Not when you had a werewolf living in your basement and had to put on long sleeve shirts and pants every morning.
After a few more moments, I knocked lightly again.
“Can I come in?” I asked loudly, assuming she hadn’t heard me the first time. Perhaps her brain was still in a fog.
“Come in,” she said with a weak voice.
I unbolted the door then slowly swung it inward to see Beth sitting on the floor. Her arms were wrapped around her legs, and she had pulled them up so her chin rested on her knees. She looked terrible.
Blood and scratches were on her wrists and ankles, right above where the shackles were. While I inched closer, the scratches healed right before my eyes. Her crusted blood the only evidence that the wolf had tried to remove her bindings forcefully.
I quickly wrapped the sheet around her back, then fished the key from my pocket and started unlocking her. While I was setting her free, I kept my gaze focused on the padlocks.
“Are the shackles too tight?” I asked, still not looking at her. Not even at her face. I didn’t want to give her the idea that I was flirting. I needed to be mindful of my words and my looks. I would not take advantage of Beth’s state of mind.
“Yes,” she replied, but that’s all she said.
As I finished removing the shackles on her wrists and ankles, I was curious.
“Does your wolf shut you out, or are you conscious when it takes over your body?”
Different wolves have told me differing stories about what happened when the wolf took over. Some were completely aware of what was going on. Some felt like they had been asleep.
“It’s...foggy, but I remember bits and pieces,” she explained.
When all of the shackles were removed, I stood and faced away from her. I heard her stand, but she sounded shaky. I think I even heard her slap her hand on the concrete wall to avoid falling over.
“I’ll get us some breakfast. Oatmeal sound ok to you? It’s all I have right now.” Then I decided to add more. “I’ll get slightly larger shackles for tonight. They might be loose until you transform though. Think that would be easier? I’ll also get some meat. Sorry about the oatmeal. I’ll get real wolf food today.”
I was blabbering. I do that when I'm nervous, and I was very nervous. A gorgeous woman was naked right behind me. Yeah, I was nervous.
“Yes. And oatmeal sounds fine.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her stumble as she headed toward the dresser, covered in the sheet. I felt so horrible for what she had gone through, what she would continue to go through. I wondered if mom ever felt like this.
“Just leave the sheet and your dirty clothes in the bathroom hamper. I’ll take care of them.”
I turned to face her, and her eyes caught mine. That’s when I realized my mistake. Her eyes flashed red for a second, and I could see the lust there. I quickly looked away and headed to the door, but the damage had already been done.
As I made my way up the stairs and to my room, I cursed my lack of professionalism. Mom would have never made that mistake. I looked right into Beth’s eyes, not even five minutes after her transformation. What an idiot! This would add days, maybe even longer to my job.
Beth would have feelings for me for a while. Unless...
When I was in my room, I changed quickly into shorts and a tee-shirt as I came up with a plan. Then I headed downstairs and proceeded to make the plain oatmeal. Next, I laid out sugar and fruit on the kitchen table. I wasn’t sure what Beth would want.
I needed to get started tonight. I wouldn’t wait the full week like mom always did. Beth didn’t have to learn to trust me if I could find her a man first. She wouldn’t be telling me what she was looking for but...I had the perfect place for her to find a man for herself. One filled with all types of men. I wouldn't have to wait for her to tell me what she was looking for because, at The Witching Hour, she could help herself to any man she wanted. And I truly believed that all the men would be tripping over each other just for the chance to see that wonderful smile.
I wondered why mom had never done something similar. It seemed like the perfect way to help a wolf. Perhaps I'd be improving on mom’s methods. Though I doubted I'd ever get the chance to use my skills again. With the rarity of female werewolves, when would I ever need to?
Then I started to wonder why Beth was single. She was a woman. Was it just as difficult for a woman to find a man? Surely Beth would have had an easy time. She was very attractive. Why in the world was she still single?
Beth walked into the kitchen and interrupted my thoughts. In the outfit she had picked out for the day, my thoughts could be about nothing but her.
Apparently, Beth liked skirts...and short ones at that. This particular skirt was pink with ruffles around it. And it was just long enough to cover her bottom, but not by much. If she bent over or crossed her legs incorrectly, I'd get a very nice view. And the shirt wasn’t much better. It looked like thin white fabric stretched across her chest with a low-cut V neck. The way the fabric looked like a second skin was more than a little distracting.
Then I noticed the stare she gave me. My earlier mistake was here to bite me in the ass. Beth’s attention was currently directed right at me. Mom was probably rolling in her grave at her inept son. I had broken rule number one, never get involved with your client, and all it took was one inadvertent glance.
Although it was true that I was not involved with Beth, Beth was very much involved with me. A situation I needed to remedy as quickly as possible. Despite how attractive she was, I was taking advantage of her, and I knew it. Now if I could just convince my body of that. Heat rushed to places in my body that I should not have been thinking about at this moment. I had to look away from Beth to get my less than chivalrous side to calm down.
“I wasn’t sure what you would want with your oatmeal.” I pretended to preoccupy myself with cleaning up the pan I had used to cook our breakfast while I heard her take her seat.
“You have any strawberries?” I heard her ask.
The tone of her voice should have given me a clue, but my mind was too preoccupied with my beautiful houseguest to recognize it. When I turned, I saw the look as she pulled one of the strawberries from the bowl.
“Never mind,” she said with a far too seductive tone while biting into the large strawberry.
I had really messed up. And that’s about the time I realized that she had makeup on. Her red lips matched the strawberry that she was biting into. I was in serious trouble. Not only was the woman gorgeous, she had taken the time to put on makeup.
I felt myself pulling in two directions as I attempted to sit and eat my own oatmeal. One side knew what I should do about this situation. The other side was trying to convince me that it was normal and natural to feel this way about Beth.
Beth was a very attractive woman who was interested in me. Why not take advantage of the situation? Perhaps Beth could fall for me. I could save her by being the one she protected.
That’s about the time I heard my mother’s voice in my head. I had heard her say it on many occasions. Usually when I asked if she was interested in her clients.
‘My clients trust me. I would never do anything to hurt them. Especially not emotionally.’
I had seen the way my mom looked at them. I think some of the men she helped were a little more than adopted children to her. Although she never acted on her feelings, I am certain that she wanted to. Strangely, I wasn’t even upset. Dad died when I was younger. Maybe I even wanted mom to find a werewolf for herself.
Then there was Tamara’s warning. If I tried to keep Beth for myself, Tamara would crush me with a thought.
Pulling my head out of my ass, I tried to steer the conversation toward helping Beth instead of helping myself.
“Tonight, I’m going to take you to The Witching Hour. There should be plenty of men there. I’m sure you’ll find someone.”
I glanced up from my bowl to see her disappointment, right before her head slumped. I felt absolutely horrible. I had been the one to break a rule, and Beth would be the one to suffer for it.
After a few moments, she answered meekly. “Ok.”
“We’ll go early. How does five sound? Gives us around two hours, figuring in travel time. What do you say?” I asked, hoping I could cheer her up.
“Ok,” she said again, still sounding depressed.
I needed to find my mother’s journals. Tonight, after I’d taken Beth to the club, I’d search my mother’s room for them. She had kept journals throughout her entire career to avoid making the same mistakes twice. If I could find them, perhaps they would help me assist Beth better.
Finding the man was the first step, but it would not end there. I would have to continue helping her. Chaperoning dates to make sure the man was being honest. You’d be surprised at how often people want a werewolf just to use them. In Beth’s case, I hoped she’d find a wolf rather than a human man. That would be simpler. A wolf would never mistreat another wolf.
None of the warlocks I knew of lived near here, so it would be unlikely for them to be at the club tonight. There would, however, be a few wolves and plenty of human men that knew about our world. Perhaps Beth could find a decent one that didn’t want to use her for her strength.
Helping Beth would continue on for weeks after she found a man she wanted. So, I’d definitely be scouring my mother’s journals tonight after Beth was secured.
“Actually, we should leave at four so that we can find some more appropriate shackles for tonight,” I offered and saw her sadness wash away for a moment. “And some wolf appropriate food.”
“Thank you,” she said, then stood, her oatmeal only half-eaten.
I remembered werewolves having tremendous appetites. I assumed her lack of appetite was also my fault.
“Where are you going?” I asked without thinking.
I was not her keeper, I was her helper. More like an assistant. In truth, I was just curious, but I shouldn’t have asked it in that way.
“Going to wash this shit off my face,” she said angrily, motioning to her makeup. “I have no idea what I was thinking.” She said this part with sadness, then I think she added a little to cover her admission. “I like to exercise in the morning. My face will be a mess.”
I could see the truth that she was trying to cover, but I couldn’t do anything about it. It was my fault. I knew better than to look her in the eyes after her transformation, but I did it anyway. Despite knowing that it was my fault, there was nothing I could say to help her. At least not anything that would make her disappointment go away. So, I decided to go at it in a different way.
Instead of explaining that I couldn’t have feelings for her or apologizing for leading her on, I offered to join her.
“Mind if I join you?” I asked and saw her posture straighten.
It wasn’t what she had wanted, but I think she was willing to accept what I could offer. The wolf inside of her wanted me, but the human part knew that I couldn’t offer that. Perhaps she had overheard Tamara’s warning. With Beth’s acute hearing, even from upstairs, she had probably heard Tamara threaten my life.
“Sure, if you can keep up,” she said, then grinned at me before heading to the basement.
I hadn’t exactly meant running, and no, I would not be able to keep up with her. I usually went to the gym around the corner and lifted weights. I wasn’t much of a runner. Though it was doubtful a werewolf would get much out of lifting weights. They’d need to lift vehicles to even strain their muscles. What I struggled to lift, she’d probably carry in one hand.
And getting a good look at her powerful legs and arms in that skimpy outfit, I’d say that Beth would need more than cars to lift. I’d never seen a woman look so fit. My thoughts of her looking like a dancer changed. She looked more like an MMA fighter. One that would easily kick my ass, even if she hadn’t been a werewolf.
That might turn most guys off, but I found it kind of hot.

Chapter 5
As we walked up to the front door of The Witching Hour, Dan grinned at me, then he sniffed the air and frowned at Beth. Dan’s a nice guy, huge and a werewolf, but nice all the same. His reaction to Beth was strange. He stood right in front of Beth and crossed his arms menacingly.
Dan’s rather large, even in human form, he makes me look like a twig. I think he’s at least six-four and weighs a good seventy pounds more than me…all muscle. Despite how he looked, I thought Beth might be able to take him. Maybe not in her human form, but I’d seen Dan’s wolf. Not much bigger than his human form. I’d bet, judging by the sounds coming from the basement door last night, that Beth was larger.
Then I snuck a glance at Beth and saw how she didn’t back down to the huge man in front of her. I amended my thoughts. Even in human form, Beth would kick Dan’s ass. He wouldn’t even know what hit him.
It was a little weird how proud I was of my client. Standing beside her made me feel safe. As I realized what my mind was doing, I pushed these feelings aside. I could not have her. She would not be protecting me. My job was to find her someone to protect, not fall for her myself. Even without Tamara’s threat, something inside me knew that it was selfish of me to want Beth.
Beth was vulnerable and confused. Keeping her for myself would be like using her. Knowing my track record with women, I’d only end up hurting her in the end.
“Affiliation,” Dan said in a gruff voice. It was strange to see Dan act so aggressively. Especially to another wolf.
Beth’s eyes found mine, and she now looked terrified. She had no idea what Dan wanted. This man’s size didn’t frighten her, but the words he spoke did. The words that must have enforced how much she didn’t know about this world, scared the hell out of her.
Coming to her rescue, something I never thought I’d say about a werewolf, I answered for her.
“She has none, but she’s with me tonight,” I explained, and Dan turned his scowl to me. It softened as he realized who he was addressing.
“Sorry, boss,” he offered then moved out of our way.
Tamara has three clubs. The Witching Hour. The Witch’s Cauldron. You seeing a pattern here? And the last one has no name. Out front it says ‘Phil’s Pub - Closed for Repairs’, but it is far beyond a pub, and it isn’t in need of repairs. This is the club that Tamara runs herself. I’ve never been there, but I hear it’s very private. An exhibitionist bar, I’m told.
The nameless bar is often referred to by us as the South Dakota bar, because it resides in South Dakota. If it wasn’t such a long drive, I’d like to visit it someday. Just to say that I’d been there once. You should hear the talk around The Witching Hour whenever someone visits the South Dakota bar. The stories are something out of a pornographic magazine.
My bar, the one I manage anyway, was tame in comparison. We sometimes got an enthusiastic couple making out, but that’s about it. No groping and moaning, nor people having sex at their tables. I’d heard that’s what happens at the South Dakota bar. I still wanted to go there, just once, just so I could proudly say I’d been there.
My thoughts were interrupted as a man brushed by Beth and bumped his shoulder into her. I swear he even grunted as we passed by. Beth was less than shocked by this, so I had to ask.
“What was that about?” I stopped and looked at her and could see the discomfort.
“He’s a wolf,” she said matter-of-factly, like that should mean something to me.
“So?” I asked.
“Wolves don’t like me.” She seemed unwilling to share more, so I continued on toward our table. My table. The one that is always reserved for me.
I still didn’t understand why being a wolf would automatically mean that they disliked her. My curiosity got the better of me as we sat, and I couldn’t stop the question.
“Why don’t wolves like you?” I asked.
“Not really sure.” Her answer came with a confused look, and I felt awful for pushing it.
That was about the time my brain caught up to me. All wolves were descendants of the first wolf, and by extention…all wolves were related.
Why hadn’t I realized this earlier? No wonder the wolves didn’t like Beth. They were like her cousins, maybe distant cousins, but still. I’m sure it was a little weird to see such a pretty wolf and realize that she was your cousin.
“There are human men here too,” I offered, feeling very disheartened.
I had assumed she could just be with a wolf. Not that the club was crawling with wolves. They only made up about two percent of the male population here. Single wolves over twenty-one were not something you saw often, I just thought it might be easier for her to get along with one. Apparently, I’d been wrong.
I often wondered how some wolves were able to be single after turning twenty-one. I was also afraid to ask. What if they were killing people? I couldn’t stop them, only Tamara or another wolf could. It would be like standing there barehanded, trying to stop a man with a gun. I was a good warlock, but a wolf wouldn’t even flinch at one of my fireballs.
And, yes, I'm a fire warlock. Witches come in many flavors. Some like lightning, some wind or water, I like fire. The power of it, the all-consuming nature of the flames, appeals to me. And I'd say I'm pretty good at it.
Witches usually choose an element, some time in their childhood, when they realize that they have magic. There’s fire, water, wind, lightning, earth, nature, and even force magic. But it is only ever one of those. Although, I have heard rumors about a particularly powerful witch who can use all of them. I’d like to meet her someday. Then again, maybe I wouldn’t want to meet her. Someone like that would probably think of me as an annoyance rather than a fan.
Some people think that force magic is the most powerful. This is the type that Tamara uses, so I can see how that assumption came to be, but I still like fire.
I took my seat and slid out a chair beside me for Beth, then realized she hadn’t acknowledged my comment. I turned and grinned at her.
“Humans don’t hate you too, do they?”
I saw her face sour, then it turned sad once more.
“I was just hoping…” she started then changed subjects. “I’ll give your way a try. You’re the professional.”
I wanted to ask for clarification on her first comment but decided not to. If she wanted to speak about it, she would. The fact that she called me a professional also was a little distracting.
I wasn’t a professional. The longer I did this, the more I knew that statement wasn’t true. I was bumbling around, hoping that I could remember what mom had done with wolves. I had even thought myself smarter than her. But now, being in the bar, I could see that I had been mistaken about that as well. Still, I held out hope that one of the human men might see what I saw in Beth. She was absolutely stunning.
The skirt she chose for tonight was a little longer than the one she had on earlier. This one nearly hit her knees, and it hugged her hips. The blouse also seemed to hug the curves of her body like the one she’d had on earlier, letting everyone know how fit she was. Though I hadn’t seen any of the male customers looking at her, I had seen several women staring. The look on their face was one of envy, and I again felt very proud to be the one beside Beth. If the men didn’t see what I saw in her, then it was their loss.
My faith in my plan was starting to fade as the minutes passed by. Perhaps I was doing something wrong. Then it hit me. She was sitting with me. That was why no guys were looking at her. They thought she was taken.
I am the manager of this bar. Most of these people know of me, even if they don’t know me personally. I am sort of daunting to the patrons here. I’m the one who shows them to the door when they don’t follow the rules. I have Dan and a few other guys to back me up, but I’m usually the one forcing them out.
“Would you like a drink?” I asked, and Beth just nodded.
I stood, putting phase two of my plan into action. If I left her alone, surely some guys would be at my table in seconds to take my place. The stretchy grey shirt hugged her body in a way that should have been like a magnet to guys. If I had been one of the men in this bar, I would have been pushing people out of my way just for a chance to talk to her.
“What would you like? I have some things to look over, but I’ll be back in about five minutes.” I grinned and saw the apprehension rise in Beth.
“But Tamara said…” she started.
That’s when I had my proof. Beth had overheard the conversation between me and Tamara. Well, to be more accurate, it was Tamara giving me orders and a threat. All I did was try to appease her and keep her from crushing me.
“I know. I don’t have to work, but I’d like to make sure the bar doesn’t fall apart while I’m gone.” I saw her sadness deepen and knew I had to add more. “Besides. Guys need to know that you’re available. If I’m sitting beside you, they might think we’re together.”
“That’s true,” she said, and her sadness seemed to fade again.
Although, I was once again annoyed with myself because of the look that replaced her sadness. It was one of hope as she looked directly into my eyes. The lustful looks from earlier had faded, but this one was just as bad. It looked to me like she wanted other guys to think she was taken. I couldn’t be sure, but I was willing to bet something like that was going through her head.
This was horrible, and it was all my fault. I’d started down a path that would lead to heartbreak for Beth. I couldn’t be her charge because that would be like manipulating her. True, I’d very much like to be with Beth, but I’d never be able to live with myself. She trusted me to do what was best for her. How could I use that to get what I want? Besides, I’d never been in a serious relationship in my life. All my previous girlfriends had lasted days, one as long as two weeks. I wasn’t the marrying kind, and werewolves needed someone like that.
I smiled down at her kindly, then turned and headed to the bar. There was little else I could say. She wanted me, but I needed her to want someone else. I was not good for Beth. No matter how much I wanted it to be true, I wasn’t. I was about the worst thing for her.
I watched for the next five minutes, and soon a guy approached Beth. Beth was looking around the bar like she was lost, and she had no drink, I’m surprised it took him that long. Perhaps it was how she looked. She did look out of his league, and she was. Hell, to be honest, she was far above any of the men in this bar, even me.
I sipped on my water, sitting behind the bar and didn’t take my eyes off Beth for the next hour, as man after man approached her then left. Some of them looked angry and agitated as they left. Others looked disappointed. Right then, I wished I’d been a werewolf. To be able to hear the conversations would have been very insightful. Perhaps I could have helped her figure out what was going wrong.
When it was approaching eight, I decided that my plan was a huge failure. Perhaps I’d picked the wrong place. Maybe the men here weren’t quite what she was looking for. She was, after all, the most gorgeous woman in the place. Perhaps I should have taken her to a fancier club. Then again, the men there wouldn’t have known what she was. That in itself would be problematic.
Werewolves don’t like it when someone is terrified by their wolf form. It tends to get the person killed…violently.
I walked slowly back to the table as the last guy left. I heard part of the conversation from this one, and it produced a sense of anger inside me. I’m not even sure where it came from. I’m not usually one to anger so quickly, but that word…
“Bitch,” he mumbled as he stormed away.
I couldn’t let that go unanswered. Using a little magic, I slid the table a few inches closer to his foot. I’m not saying that he wouldn’t have tripped anyway, but he might not have fallen so squarely onto his nose.
He got up looking angry and out for revenge. As the blood dripped down his face, he turned to Beth looking like he was about to make a huge mistake. Werewolves hate confrontations. The man would be lucky to get away with all his appendages if he didn’t watch himself. Then his eyes found mine.
I grinned in a way that let him know I was to blame, then he turned and ran somewhere into the crowd. Perhaps he wasn’t as stupid as I had assumed. Beth would have done worse to him than I would have, but I wasn’t helpless…and he would not have won.
“You didn’t have to do that,” Beth stated as I sat beside her.
I was glad she noticed, but also a little apprehensive about it. I didn’t want her to think that it was anything besides professional interest that I had in her. Not that it was the truth, it was what I needed her to believe. If she knew about the feelings I was having, it would only confuse things. And her knowledge of my feelings would end up hurting her.
“He called you a bitch. No one will get away with that while you’re my…” I stumbled for a word that wouldn’t upset her yet also wouldn’t lead her on. “Student?” I finally asked, hoping she would find me a better word.
“Client?” she asked in response, and her smile started to return. “And I am a bitch. Both literally and emotionally.” After that statement, she laughed, and her smile came out full force.
I had been calling her client to myself but had wondered if it was too impersonal. I guess not. As her wonderful smile made mine grow, I once again wished that I was the one who would be good for Beth. What kind of an idiot would turn her down? Did they not see the same woman I saw? Was she different with other guys?
Even that little joke about her actually being a bitch, brightened my mood. Did she not make these silly comments with other guys?
Pushing my wants aside, I decided to get back to my job. The one where I was helping Beth, not myself.
“What was that about?” I asked when I was able to wipe the stupid grin from my face.
“The dude wanted me to go back to his place,” Beth said then looked up at me.
“Oh,” I replied, understanding what she implied. “Not interested?”
I realized the stupidity of my question as she was answering me.
“I’m not looking for a one-night stand. I’m looking for forever.”
That’s about the time my cluelessness hit me like a lead brick. This was why mom never took werewolves to clubs. Most of the people in these places were looking for a ‘hook-up’, not a life partner. How had I been so stupid? And so arrogant. I was not improving on mom’s methods, I was ignoring the obvious reasons why she did what she did. I really needed to find those journals.
“I’m so sorry, Beth. This is my fault. Shall we head home?” I stood and held out my hand to help her up. “I’ll do better. I’m really sorry.”
I’m not sure exactly how, but her breathtaking smile grew even more spectacular as she grabbed my hand. Then, as I was helping her to her feet, I noticed the look in her eyes. I was doing it again. I was leading her on. Mom stressed this part many times. I was not allowed to touch my client under any circumstances.
Was I going to break every one of mom’s rules? It hadn’t even been a week yet. Hell, it had only been one day. What was I going to do next? Kiss her? Sleep with her? I felt very stupid as I led Beth back out to my car.
Perhaps Tamara should have asked one of the other warlocks after all. I wasn’t helping Beth, I was just confusing her.

Chapter 6
After securing Beth and waiting outside the door once more, I made my way up to mom’s room.
Beth’s transformation had hit me a little harder tonight. I swear I could almost feel her pain. The fact that there was a lot more whimpering as her bones cracked, probably didn’t help my state of mind. Even the screams of pain seemed louder, more urgent tonight.
As I opened the door to mom’s room, Beth’s pained screams were still echoing in my brain. It had almost sounded like she was trying to speak as the words turned into a primal cry for help. What I wouldn’t do to lessen that for her.
I headed to mom’s dresser. It wasn’t like she was hiding these journals. I had just never looked for them. It took me all of five seconds to find the books in the first bottom drawer I looked in. Then I opened the second bottom drawer and found the rest.
Mom had a lot of books. I had no idea where to start. Then it hit me. Mom had gotten a lot better at this job in recent years. I barely even remember the wolves before that. Instead of reading the older ones, I started with the ones that I knew.
The ones from recent years were a lot more memorable and a lot more successful. These were the men mom still spoke to on the phone as often as she could. She had somehow improved her methods, so I wanted to start with these.
The first of the new successes was James. He was a kind man, when he was a man. As a wolf, he was one of the most vicious my mother had ever treated. The man had actually killed a woman before he came to ask my mother for help.
In the witch slash werewolf world, this is an unforgivable sin. The killing of a human usually ended with a death sentence, but mom talked everyone out of killing James. She convinced them that she could help him. And I was shocked to find out that all the witches and wolves planning on killing James, gave him six months to find a mate.
I’m still not certain what my mother said that convinced a gang of wolves and witches to stay James’s execution, but I’m still in awe of her to this day. The things my mother accomplished were nothing short of miracles, and the pardon of James, was at the top of the list.
James was a large black wolf, his fur, not his skin tone. The guy was Asian as a human. And it took mom a little less than three months to find James the perfect woman. Beating the deadline by over three months.
As I sat and read over mom’s notes, something caught my attention.

December 12th: James has many desires that he refuses to admit. I see him watching me with lust in his eyes. I think I've made a mistake somehow. I don’t know when it happened, but James seems to be taken with me. Not that he is unattractive. It would just not be fair to him. I’m still in love with Stanley. His death was so long ago, but I still think of him every day.
With James, it would only be sex. How could I do that to poor James?

I continued reading, hoping mother would give me some clue as to how I could change Beth’s mind about me. Mom had found James a wife. Surely mom had found a solution to my current problem. As I continued through the days, I found her solution, but I wasn’t sure how much I liked it.

December 23rd: James is a wonderful lover. I can’t believe how much he is getting out of it. I was mistaken, he’s not in love with me. His wolf just needed attention. I’m not saying that I don’t get anything out of it. Perhaps if Stanley had made love like that...that’s not fair. Stanley was everything I wanted in a husband. As a lover...he was adequate.

Mom had sex with one of her clients?! That was her solution?! And she liked it! Holy shit!
I continued on, hoping I didn’t read anything more revealing, but I couldn’t stop reading. This pertained to my current problem more than I had originally realized.

January 31st: What am I doing? James needs a charge. Why am I dragging my feet? I know the answer. I’m being selfish. James is wonderful, caring, and inventive. But he needs stability. I’m just keeping the wolf at bay. He needs to find love, real love. Tomorrow I'll double my efforts. I can’t let James suffer this half-life while I enjoy his company. If I care for him at all, I must let him go.

I read the rest of the journal about James and had more questions than answers. Mom’s solution was to have sex with James. Did that mean I'd have to have sex with Beth in order to cure her of her longing for me? That didn’t even make sense. Sex would increase her feelings for me...wouldn’t it?
I tossed the book back in the drawer and headed to my room. Along the way, I heard banging coming from the basement. It sounded like Beth was banging on the cement wall downstairs. Perhaps trying to figure out how to break the chains loose.
Then I pictured Beth’s face once more. Her stunning smile. Have to have sex with her? Who was I kidding? It would not be a punishment. But was that what Beth needed? Was that what Beth wanted?
My mother’s journal had helped me. Just not in the way I had expected. I still found it hard to believe that my mother had sex with James...one of her clients. And she thought it had helped him. She said it had kept his wolf at bay.
Is that what Beth needed? Or was I using it as an excuse for what I really wanted?
I needed to read more of mom’s books, but not tonight. As it was, I’d get only five hours of sleep before I needed to wake up to set Beth free. I had spent way too many hours reading through the journal about James. I had let Beth down so much already. I did not want to give her the impression that I could ever forget about her by oversleeping.

Chapter 7
At five-thirty, I woke to my alarm. Didn’t even attempt to hit snooze this time. I was on my feet before I even shut it off.
The woman who awaited me in the basement had made her way into my dreams, and I was impatient to speak to the real version.
Not that talking to the real Beth would be anything like the dreams I had. Beth wasn’t really a dancer. She wasn’t a boxer or an MMA fighter. I’d had all of those dreams. And in each one, after I watched her performing or fighting, she’d come sit beside me, and we’d talk, then we’d head home and...
I needed to quit thinking like that. There needed to be a separation in my mind from what I wanted and what Beth needed. If she truly needed it, then I'd consider it, but until then, I’d try to keep my fantasies from clouding my judgment. Just because I wanted the breathtaking woman, didn’t mean it was what was best for her. I definitely needed to read more of mom’s journals. Until then, I'd go back to following mom’s lead. I needed to get to know Beth.
Hell, I didn’t even know what she did for a living. Was she a college student? Did she have family? I knew almost nothing about her.
Mom’s methods were time tested. Me trying to short cut the process had only caused Beth more confusion, possibly harm. Her transformation last night seemed even more pained than the previous night. It should have been easier. And, once again, I knew it was all my fault.
After dressing, I walked downstairs, again thinking that I really needed to get that air conditioning fixed. My house was already warming, and my long sleeves and pants were damp with sweat. Perhaps it had more to do with my restless, yet pleasurable, dreams about my houseguest rather than the temperature in the house. Still, I think better air conditioning would have been nice.
I checked the thermostat on the way to the basement. Seventy-five, not even eighty in the house yet. My internal heat was because of who I was heading to meet, not the air conditioning.
I opened the door without knocking this morning. My preoccupation with Beth’s visage in my dreams kept me from remembering that I might be walking in on something unpleasant. Possibly something embarrassing.
When the door opened, I saw Beth sprawled on the floor. Her fur was gone, but her body was still changing. I watched in horror as the bones in her legs popped and her arms stretched out on the floor. Her claws grasping at the concrete floor for some comfort as they retreated into her fingertips.
The heartbreaking cry she released as her body continued to shrink while her bones shifted and cracked, filled me with sadness. I had made it harder on her. I just wished for some way to ease her pain. Anything that would ease this for her, I’d gladly do.
When the transformation was completely reversed, Beth laid face down on the cement, panting. I was sure she was conscious, but she didn’t look like she had the energy to stand. I moved swiftly to her side and covered her with the sheet, then knelt down.
“Is it getting worse?” I asked, knowing the answer, but not wanting it to be true.
“Yes.” She said then had to catch her breath. “I don’t understand.” Again she struggled to breathe between words. “It’s supposed to get easier, isn’t it?” Now it sounded like she was ready to cry.
“This is my fault. I screwed up by taking you out like that last night. Tonight I’ll fix it. I’ll listen to my mom’s rules now. I’m very sorry.” I felt like I was about to start crying. If she even shed one tear, I’d be right there crying with her.
Beth cautiously got onto her hands and knees, wobbling the whole time. The transformation had taken nearly all of her strength. If it had been me on the floor, struggling with pain that someone else had caused, I’d be furious. Beth looked pleased.
“Thank you, Chris. I’m sure you’ll figure this out. I trust you.”
Those words nearly broke me. She trusted me after only two nights. And I’d let her down over and over again. I needed to fix that. Then a wonderful idea hit me. I’d seen mom do it before.
“I’m taking you out tonight.” I saw the suspicious look on her face out of the corner of my eye and knew I had to explain more. As she got to her feet, and I made sure to avoid eye contact, I explained my statement. “Not to a bar. Just you and me. We’ll go out to dinner. Just the two of us. What are you in the mood for?”
“Steak…lots of steak,” she said with a laugh as she stumbled then sat on the bed. She couldn’t even stand up. I needed to fix this. Tonight I’d find out everything about Beth. I would not let her down again.
I was also pleased that her appetite had returned…or rather, started. I’d barely seen her eat more than a few scraps of food since she came to stay with me. Perhaps that was my fault as well. Most of mom’s wolves had eaten like it was their last meal, often wanting seconds. Tonight I’d buy Beth as many steaks as I could convince her to eat.
“You rest, I’ll get us some breakfast. I bought eggs and bacon yesterday. Just head up when you’re feeling stronger.”
With that, I left, not even waiting for an answer. I could act more like mom. I could do this job right. Beth needed me to quit ignoring mom’s methods and do what was best for her.
On the way to the kitchen, I headed upstairs and changed into shorts and a tee-shirt, then grabbed another journal. Cooking doesn’t require one hundred percent attention. I could get through at least part of Jack’s journal while I cooked for my client. I also didn’t want to cook while sweating through my clothes.
Jack was mom’s client right after James, only days after. Mom’s clients were usually spaced out a little more. Werewolves that needed help after their twenty-one days were a somewhat common occurrence, but it wasn’t like clients were lining up at mom’s door.
As I opened the journal and started to read, making sure to keep an eye on Beth’s food, I was appalled...or was I encouraged? I wasn’t entirely sure.

February 12th: My new method is proving to be far more beneficial to my clients. I’ve had sex with Jack twice now, and he doesn’t seem to be struggling with his change half as much as my previous clients.
Why was I so hell-bent on covering myself and keeping my own desires at a distance? I feel so free now that I can wear my normal clothing. In fact, the first day with Jack I wore my skimpy pajamas down to unlock him, and he took me right there.
It was primal and greedy, exactly the opposite of James, but it was what Jack needed. And, to be honest, I found it exciting.
When I think back on it, I wonder if I did my previous clients more harm than good.

Although this helped alleviate my guilt for my own feelings about Beth, I wondered if I was just seeing what I wanted to see. These were only two cases out of the nearly one hundred wolves mom had helped. I needed to read more before I brought this up to Beth. More mistakes would harm her, and I had already done enough harm to my beautiful houseguest.
It seemed that Jack was an animal in the bedroom as much as he was when he transformed. And after a few more pages of similar notes from my mother, my gorgeous client slid into her seat and waited patiently. As I was dishing out her food and trying to figure out where to start, she did it for me.
“I think we should go back to the original shackles,” she said meekly and stared at her food with a hunger I hadn’t seen in her yet.
“Dig in,” I said then asked my questions while she devoured the food on her plate in seconds. “Are the new ones still too tight? The old ones will just slide over your hands. We wouldn’t even need to unlock them.”
She nodded her agreement, then I saw her eyeing my food, so I slid it her way. She was my responsibility. Besides, I could always make more. I was more of an ‘oatmeal for breakfast’ kind of guy anyway.
As I pulled out the container of oatmeal, I saw her finish off my plate then look at me, waiting for more but unwilling to ask for it.
“Would you like me to make you more?” I asked, still holding the container of oatmeal.
“Could I have some oatmeal too?” she asked and looked embarrassed.
“Of course you can,” I said adamantly. “I was surprised at your lack of appetite yesterday. I was seriously starting to get worried.”
Her warm smile did more than lift my spirits this morning. There was more to it than appreciation. Something under it, perhaps it was in her eyes, but her look begged me for more than just food.
I quickly turned away. More mistakes would only harm Beth. I needed to be sure. One more journal. If it said the same as the previous two, then I'd broach the subject with Beth. I wanted to make certain that it not only helped her, but that it was also what she wanted.
“I’ll take you out to dinner at five, how's that sound?” I asked, still not wanting to face her. If she looked at me like that again, I might fold. It was what I wanted, but would it actually help her?
“Ok, but don’t come into my room. I know the perfect outfit. It will be fancy, right?” The excitement in her voice gave me pause. Was she thinking this was a date? Even when I tried to do the right thing by her, I ended up making a mess of it.
I turned and steeled my will. Even if she gave me another look like that, I would not crumble. For Beth, I could be stronger than I'd ever been. My own desires were secondary.
“My mom used to do this with all her clients. I need to get to know more about you before I can find you the perfect man.”
The way I explained things sounded cold, even to me, but she needed to understand why we were going out. While I saw her smile fading, I felt my heart breaking.
“Oh, so...” She looked down at her two empty plates, then shook her head and stood up. It looked like she was pushing her sadness to the side as she addressed me with a stern face. “I’m still getting dressed up.”
I smiled kindly at her while the oatmeal bubbled behind me.
“Please do. I need to see what kind of man finds you attractive as well.”
It was a stupid statement, but at this point, I was just blabbering, trying to get her to smile once more. I mean, seriously, what man would not be attracted to her? The wolves being annoyed by her, that made sense, sort of. The human men, I still didn’t understand that part.
What could they have possibly done to upset Beth? I was certain that was how the failures at the bar had went. The possibility that a man wouldn’t want Beth was inconceivable to me. It had to have been something they did or said.
Perhaps all of the men were only interested in one night? That thought confused me as well. Like I told you before, I’m not the marrying kind, but with Beth…? Even to me, that idea was starting to sound very appealing.
“I’ve changed my mind about the oatmeal. I’ll...I’ll see you at five,” she said, then abruptly spun and left.
That was when I truly understood how far over my head this all was. I needed more information, and I knew just who to ask. My assistant manager, Chantelle. The one who was in charge of the bar until I returned. She was a witch obsessed with werewolves. Being in her forties and never finding a wolf for herself, it was practically all she talked about. That was, when she wasn’t regaling me with tales of all the human men she’d bedded.
Mom’s journals were informative, but she was skipping the parts that I needed. The journals taught me how to treat werewolves but didn’t say a word about what they wanted. All mom’s ideas were based on their reactions. She never asked them what they wanted or needed. Besides, all my mother’s stories were about male werewolves. Was a female werewolf different? If anyone had any information on a female werewolf, it would be Chantelle.
After eating my oatmeal, I cleaned up the dishes then went to my room. I must have sat there for two hours just trying to decide what questions I needed to ask. By the time I was finally ready to assault Chantelle with my multitude of questions, it was nearly noon. On my way out, I stopped and stood on the top step of the basement stairs. I was fairly certain that Beth would not be happy about me just barging in again. She might be trying on clothes. She might be crying. I had no idea how badly I'd hurt her; I just knew that I had.
“I have to stop in at the bar for a little while. I’ll be back well before five. And yes, dress fancy.” I added that last part in the hopes that it might cheer her up.
I was surprised by the door to her room swinging open and a panicked Beth staring up the stairs at me.
“But...you don’t have to work. Tamara said...” She looked absolutely terrified. This was not at all the response I had expected, nor the one I wanted.
“It’s just for a few hours. I need to get some information.” Then I felt the desire to be honest with Beth, brutally, and completely honest. I toned this back and added some vagueness. “I’m not half as good as my mother was. I feel like I'm letting you down...a lot.”
It wasn’t as bad as I had heard in my head. The part where I wanted to tell her how I couldn’t keep my eyes off of her. Couldn’t stop dreaming about her. But I had at least told her how out of my element I felt.
My response wasn’t verbal, and it was a little confusing. She nodded with a grim expression, then slowly shut the door.
Was she agreeing that I was completely screwing this up, or was she just accepting my explanation? I wasn’t entirely sure, and this question plagued me for the whole ride to The Witching Hour.

Chapter 8
As soon as I opened the door to the bar, I saw Chantelle. She had one of the stools behind the bar, her feet up on the back counter, and she was watching TV. I often got the impression that Chantelle lived here. She was here well before me every day and left after me. I knew that she didn’t actually live here, but considering the amount of time she spent in the bar, she might as well have.
“Morning,” I shouted across the empty bar so that I could be heard over the strange documentary that Chantelle was watching.
It was about Big Foot. Chantelle was often watching bizarre shows like this. More than once, she had shackled me with her theories that these sightings of strange beasts were really werewolves. This explained how they would just vanish. While I walked across the empty bar, I had a sinking feeling that I was about to get another.
Chantelle pulled up her cell phone then pointed at the screen.
“Afternoon,” she said with a smirk.
Chantelle was a strange woman. Attractive, yet weird. Even her long hair, which was a combination of dark brown and maroon streaks, was strange. Then there was her choice of makeup and clothing.
Today, her clothes were just as strange. Black fishnet stockings and black combat boots. Torn jean shorts that looked a little too short and a black tank top with a black bra underneath, straps showing. You would think that it was enough black, but not for Chantelle. She also had on thick black eyeliner and black lipstick.
Her nose was pierced on the left side, and there was a chain going from her left ear to her nose. Her lip was also pierced on the right side, but no chain today, just a hoop. There were days when she wore both chains and looked like someone being tortured, but like I said, she was strange. Despite all her strangeness, there was something very attractive about her. Something that pulled you in and made you want to be the focus of her attention. Even though I knew she was in her mid to late forties, I doubted anyone could have guessed her age. She looked thirty at most.
Perhaps it was her face, maybe it was her warm smile. Not quite as breathtaking as Beth’s, but underneath all the jewelry and thick makeup, Chantelle was a beautiful and youthful looking woman.
She wasn’t short like Beth, maybe about five-ten. This was probably the reason I’d never asked her out. Sure, she was older than me, but that wouldn’t have stopped me. Even her attempts to hide her beauty wouldn’t have stopped me. The truth was, I just liked short women, and Chantelle wasn’t short.
While she stood, and those caring brown eyes found mine, I saw her interest in me once again. Not that it would ever be anything but sex, she wanted a wolf, and I wanted a smaller woman, but there was interest there. Despite this, my thoughts were preoccupied with Beth. Even Chantelle’s lustful glances wouldn’t distract me today.
Wanting to get this conversation going in the right direction, I came right to the point. Beth was waiting for me. I had made a promise to be back before five, and, as many times as I'd let Beth down already, I wanted to change that.
“I need to know about female werewolves,” I said when I was close enough for her to hear me over the loud TV.
I saw her disappointment flash for a second before her childish enthusiasm took its place. For a forty plus woman, she was quite childish. Another quality I found endearing about her. Yet another reason I had almost considered her many offers to keep me warm at night.
“Oh. A female werewolf?” she asked, then hopped up on the bar and slid to the other side.
Chantelle was quite athletic. Even with the heavy boots on, the motion seemed effortless to her. When she landed, she hopped onto one of the stools and spun. As she rotated to face me once more, she grinned devilishly.
“Hoping you find one someday? Not likely,” she said. “A female werewolf hasn’t been born in over a hundred years.”
“I am trying to help one.” I tried to hide my smile, but an image of Beth flashed in my mind, and I couldn’t stop it.
“Oh, shit!” she exclaimed and grabbed the counter to stop her spinning. “You’re not pulling my leg, are you?”
“No. Tamara dropped her off...” I started.
“Tamara?!” The look of shock stopped me from completing my thought.
“Yes, our boss.”
“What have you gotten yourself into, Chris?” The look she gave me told me how bad this really was. “Tamara said you were busy. She didn’t say...”
“Please, just tell me what you know.”
I interrupted her because I didn’t want to hear how bad this was. Chantelle had met Tamara and knew way more about the woman than I did. Being one of the few employees that Tamara hadn’t chased off or worse, I often wondered if Chantelle and Tamara had some sort of friendship. If anyone could make Tamara like them, it would be Chantelle.
“I don’t know much.” Chantelle looked disheartened by her admission, but I found it unlikely. If there was anything about werewolves published anywhere in the world, Chantelle had a copy.
“Seriously?” I asked with a grin. She caught my disbelief and laughed.
“There is only one story of a female werewolf, but it’s old. Like, really old.” She grinned back at me, forgetting about the mess I was tangled up in. This helped me forget about it as well.
Like I usually did with Chantelle, I accepted her personality and started to mimic it. Chantelle and I have been friends since I started working here, though I had known her longer. In fact, she was the reason I applied at The Witching Hour in the first place.
We had always been nice to each other, Chantelle being almost a friend to my mother. But after my mom’s death, things changed. If it wasn’t for the fact that I was her boss, she wanted a werewolf, and she was a little too tall for me, we would have been more. I hopped up onto a stool next to her and spun until I faced her.
“Let me have it,” I said, still grinning.
“You have to understand...”
She always started stories like that. With either a ‘You have to understand’ or a ‘You need to keep in mind’. Always prefacing her stories with a little warning.
“This story is from fifteen ninety-two. The validity of the accounts leaves a little to be desired.”
After her usual warning to take her story with a grain of salt, she got into it, and I listened like my life depended on it.
“You also have to understand something about female wolves if the story is to be believed.”
I nodded, and she went on.
“Female wolves are not like male ones. They are not resistant to magic. They are, however...” I saw her grin grow and I knew something she thought I'd find unbelievable was coming.
You have to understand something about Chantelle. Yes, I know I'm starting to sound like her. I do that when she’s around.
She’s a feminist. Not the card-carrying, hate men kind.  Chantelle loves men…and she loves them often. She’s the kind that thinks a woman can do any job a man can do, only better. Believe me, she loves men but thinks women are superior. I’ve heard countless tales of her conquests. I think it was her way of flirting with me. Letting me know what I was missing out on. But, despite this, she still thought women were better than men in almost every way.
I couldn’t help but roll my eyes as she went on.
“Don’t look at me like that.” She laughed when she said it, so I knew she wasn’t really upset with me. “Female wolves are stronger.” Then she lifted her eyebrows. “Much stronger.”
After I didn’t object, she went on.
“It took five wolves to subdue her, only to later find out that the man they were trying to protect was the man she was in love with. She didn’t want to kill him. She wanted to be with him.”
“What happened?” Now she had me hooked. This might actually be helpful to me.
“Oh, this is just too fairy tale. I’m not even sure how true it is.”
I could tell by her look and tone that she loved this part of the story. She just wasn’t sure I'd love it.
“Well?” I asked, hoping she’d quit stalling.
“The moment he found out her true intentions, he married her.”
“What happened to them?” Now I was as excited as Chantelle was. She had that effect on me. I could never resist her enthusiasm.
“They lived their life. Up until the day the man died.”
“Then what?” I felt like I was pulling on a rope, never quite getting to the end, and Chantelle was pulling back. Making sure I saw every inch of that rope before she’d let me have it.
Then I saw her look change and wished I hadn’t asked the question. The sadness that washed over Chantelle immediately made me worry.
“She killed herself.”
“Why?!”
I saw the tears start in the corner of Chantelle’s eyes and knew the worst was to come.
“She had no reason to live. She’d found her purpose in life, and he was dead. According to the story, she made provisions. She knew that she’d outlive him and made sure that she would not only be buried near him. She was buried right on top of him. Protecting him in death as well.”
I felt my own tears threatening to fall and had to change the subject.
“I’m not sure Beth is like that,” I said.
“Beth?” Chantelle looked at me with a strange grin. “You do realize your voice changes when you say her name. You even smile a little.”
“It’s not like that.” I knew it was true, I just didn’t realize that anyone else could tell. I had to deny it and hope that Beth didn’t notice as easily as Chantelle did.
“If you say so.” She even crossed her arms and smiled in a way that told me that she didn’t believe a word I said.
“Anyway. I’m trying to find her a charge. She needs someone. She’s getting moody, and her transformations are getting worse. If anyone knows how I can help her, it’s you.”
Chantelle tapped her finger to her chin, her grin growing in a way that told me I wouldn’t like it. She must have seen the terror in my eyes, because, for once in all the time I've known Chantelle, she didn’t tease me. It even looked like whatever she was about to say was pushed to the back, and something less concerning was substituted. What had she almost said?
“Be there for her. Do things she wants to do. You might even want to ask her what she really wants from you.”
I could almost feel the insinuation. It made my heart race and my stomach squirm.
How could I just come out and ask Beth? What if she said what I almost feared she might say? What if it complicated things? What if... I knew the true reason behind my fear. It gripped my heart and threatened to overtake me. What if I fell for her?
Wouldn’t that be the icing on the cake? What if the man responsible for finding her a life mate, fell for his client? What kind of karmic retribution would be in store for me? Because I knew that the moment I fell for Beth, I’d find her the perfect man. That was almost certainly what would happen. I would find the girl of my dreams. The one I'd never even looked for because I didn’t believe she existed, and she’d want someone else.
As I pained over this admission to myself, I saw the look on Chantelle’s face. Somewhere between disbelief and concern. As she spoke, I was once again wondering if she was saying what was really on her mind or sugar coating it for me. Not that Chantelle had ever done that before, but it seemed like she was.
“It’s ok to get attached to her. Your mother was attached to every single one of her clients. The recent ones were very difficult. It was almost like a breakup every time she found them a charge.”
I knew exactly why mom’s recent clients had been more difficult. Though mom wasn’t as close to Chantelle as I was, she did know the woman. They weren’t exactly best friends, more like colleagues. Chantelle, the werewolf expert, my mother, the one to put her research into action. I often wondered why Chantelle didn’t offer to be the replacement for my mother. Perhaps it would have been too hard for her. Seeing all the men come and go, never getting the one thing she wanted, a wolf that loved her.
“And Charlie?” I asked, regretting it the moment the words came out of my mouth.
We never spoke about Charlie. No one ever spoke about Charlie. He was the wolf who had committed suicide when my mother failed him. I didn’t even want to read the journal about him. It would be too hard.
Charlie had nearly been part of the family for the six months he stayed with us. Despite his long stay, mom never found him anyone he was interested in.
“You don’t really want to know about Charlie, do you?” Chantelle asked sadly. Almost like she was asking permission. Making sure I was confident that I finally wanted to hear about a man I’d come to think of as a brother.
I opened my mouth to object, then understood the wisdom in her words. I didn’t really want to know about Charlie. Not yet. It was like losing a family member when Charlie took his own life. It had been harder on mom. She sobbed and sulked for a solid three months, refusing to even take on a new client. I thought for sure she had quit, until the day Sam showed up in our entryway, suitcases in hand.
Sam was...Sam was my mother’s last client.
Refusing to go over that again in my head, I stood and headed toward the door. I had found out some of what I wanted to know, though a lot of it was vague insinuations from Chantelle. Was she really advocating for me to have sex with Beth?
“Before you go,” Chantelle said, then slid back over the bar. After a few moments, she tossed me a book.
“What’s this?” I asked, holding up the small book that was about the size of my mother’s journals.
“I couldn’t get my hands on the real thing, but this is a copy, word for word.”
“What is it?” I asked again.
“It’s the book that parents are supposed to give their werewolf children. Judging by the fact that you’re here, I’d bet Beth’s parents never gave her one.”
“You sure you want to give me this?”
I was surprised that Chantelle would be willing to part with something so intimately connected to werewolf lore. A book parents gave their children? The fact that she couldn’t even get her hands on a real copy enforced the importance of this book.
“I trust you, Chris. You’ll bring it back.” Then that silly, almost flirtatious smile came back. “Besides. I think you’ll need it sooner than I will.”
What was that insinuation about? Why was Chantelle being so...so...un-Chantelle like? She spoke her mind about everything...and in great detail. Chantelle being vague was not something I was used to and it sort of creeped me out.
As I walked to the door, very slowly, contemplating what she might have meant, she spoke again.
“Come back any time. And when you’re ready. Really ready. I’ll tell you about Charlie.”
“Thanks, Chantelle.” I opened the door and headed toward my car, but I still heard her words before the door shut. I don’t think she intended for me to hear them.
“Just don’t wait too long.”

Chapter 9
When I arrived back home, I had a little over an hour to get ready. I could hear Beth in the basement, and she sounded upset. I heard drawers slamming and muffled cursing from the room under the steps.
As I stood at the doorway, looking down at the door to her room, I couldn’t help but inquire.
“Everything ok down there?” I asked.
Immediately all the sounds stopped. Within seconds, Beth was standing at the door, sheet wrapped around herself. I could see her bare shoulders peeking out and knew that she wasn’t dressed underneath. I just hoped my face didn’t express the thoughts going through my head. The ones where Beth dropped the sheet, and we forgot all about dinner.
“I can’t find that dress I bought. It’s strapless, black, and …"
“I saw you hang it in the closet up here. I’ll get it.”
I felt relief as I turned my gaze from the stunning woman shrouded by a thin sheet. I needed to read one more journal and do a lot more talking to Beth before I let myself get comfortable with these ideas.
I took my time moving to the living room closet. Another reason I don’t believe this room was intended as a living room. How many living rooms have coat closets in them?
Once I had retrieved the beautiful dress, the one that seemed a lot shorter and skimpier than I remembered, I headed back to find Beth waiting, still wearing only a sheet.
I had thought the dress was a black, velvety one-piece that went to her knees. In reality, it was a short skirt and matching shirt. Neither of which would hide much of Beth’s stellar figure. It also looked a little tighter than I remembered.
Her warm smile filled my heart once more as she started up the stairs. I met her halfway and handed her the dress, the whole time trying to picture it on Beth. When we met on the steps, her eyes met mine and I could almost feel the desire behind her stare. As her eyes started to turn red, I spun and threw out a laugh.
“I better get ready. I need to look my best, or people will think I’m your servant or something.”
“This dress isn’t too much, is it?” she asked hopefully as I reached the top.
For a second I wanted to say ‘it’s not enough’, but figured she’d misunderstand. I wasn’t sure how well I would handle seeing more of Beth. Sure, I'd gotten glimpses of her backside, the whole time trying to keep my eyes on anything but her bare skin. I might even let my gaze linger a little too long before covering her naked body with a sheet. This would be different. This would be Beth, wearing a skimpy skirt and strapless top, in front of me, for the whole evening. I wasn’t sure how well my eyes would behave tonight.
Instead, I answered with. “It’s perfect. I just hope I have something half as good…so I don’t embarrass you.”
I swear I could even feel her smile on my back as I shut the door.
In my room, I struggled with my desires as I found a suit jacket to go with my white button-up. I wasn’t sure if mom had kept any of dad’s ties, I had none, so I had to search her closets. As I finally found a tie, a book fell at my feet and I was horrified.
On the front cover, I saw the name ‘Charlie Wilcox’. The name nearly brought tears to my eyes. I didn’t want to think about Charlie, not tonight. Tonight was all about Beth.
I wondered why Charlie’s journal wasn’t with the rest. Not that I wanted to open it. I didn’t even want to read his name, but it had made me curious. As I bent down to pick it up, I noticed how the pages and the cover were worn. All of mom’s other journals looked brand new. This one looked very used.
Had mom agonized over her mistake? Had she read and reread her journal struggling to find out what she had done wrong? Even the curiosity was not enough to give me the courage to open it. I sat it on mom’s bed, grabbed dad’s old tie, then headed downstairs to meet my...
As I saw Beth standing in the entryway, I was breathless.
The dress, more like a short black skirt and a blouse that was only held in place by her ample breasts, nearly knocked the wind out of me. Her makeup was perfect, and her hair had been pulled up into a bun. Just the sight of her had my thoughts dashing back to the ones about us skipping dinner.
How in the hell was I going to give her to some other guy? It had been only a few short days, and I already knew that I'd miss Beth when she was gone. This thought made me realize how tough my mom’s job was. She may not have been in love with her clients, but she cared for them. The journals I'd read spelled that out with perfect clarity. How had she been able to give them up?
Pushing my own desires to the back of my head, I met Beth and offered her my arm. I had given up on some of mom’s rules. It seemed that she didn’t even follow them herself. If mom could have sex with her clients, why couldn’t I touch Beth? I was considering having sex with Beth. Offering her my arm seemed minuscule in comparison.
As she reached for my arm, I could tell by the look on her face that she needed something from me. Something I'd happily give her. I’d just have to tone it down a little.
“You look gorgeous.” As I said this, I saw the red flash in her eyes again. It was a good thing I didn’t gush all over her like I had wanted to, or we might not have made it to dinner.
After a long stare, she reached her hands up, and my stomach nearly fell out of my body. What was she going to do? I felt my pulse racing and it pounded in my ears. Then she grabbed my tie and adjusted it.
“It was a little crooked.” Her smile made my pulse race faster.
How I wished her hands hadn’t stopped at my tie. I wanted them to wrap around my neck. To pull me in. I even found myself staring at those wonderful lips as she spoke, and wondered what it would feel like to kiss her.
“Thanks,” I said abruptly and forced my gaze away from her lips. “We should get going.”
“We could just stay home,” she offered, and I felt the words catch in my throat as I struggled to reply.
“We’ll stay home tomorrow night,” I argued with myself in my head as I said them. It wasn’t what I wanted, but it was the correct thing to do.
I would spend the night finding out everything about her. Her past, her wants, her desires, and her hopes. Then I'd be in a much better position to give her what she needed. If by tomorrow, I could honestly say that she wanted me, I'd give in to it. I just wanted to make sure that my decision wasn’t being clouded by my own desire.
With a little sadness, she accepted my arm, and we were at the restaurant in under twenty minutes.

Chapter 10
When we walked in, I felt a little overdressed. Everyone else was wearing jeans and semi-dressy shirts. A few of the women had dresses, but not one of them looked as glamourous as Beth. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Beth cringing. When I turned my head toward her, she looked up at me fearfully.
Nearly all of the customers were glancing our way, some mumbling.
“I thought you meant really dressy.” Her look, as she said this, seemed like a cry for help.
I didn’t let my own apprehension kill this moment for her. Beth had done nothing wrong. Her only fault was looking better than any woman I’d ever seen.
“It’s never a crime to overdress. Besides.” I slipped her a little grin and saw her fear subside when I lowered my voice. “They probably think you’re a celebrity or something.”
I patted Beth on the hand, which was once again grasping my arm, then gently slid it off. I gave her a kind look then headed over to the man seating people. The restaurant wasn’t fancy enough to need a reservation, but it wasn’t a find your own seat type of place either.
Beth stood in the entryway, fidgeting and playing with her clutch purse. Her eyes looked the place over, shying away from making eye contact with all her onlookers.
“Table for two.” I smiled warmly at the man who also couldn’t take his eyes off my companion.
“Special occasion? Anniversary?” he asked innocently.
“We’re not together. Just friends.”
“Oh!” he said with far too much enthusiasm, and his looks toward Beth became more intense.
Why was I suddenly jealous? I’m not even sure that’s the right word for it. I just knew I didn’t like the way Greg, I had seen it on his name tag, was looking at Beth. Like he’d ever have a shot with a woman like her. He was about nineteen and thin. I doubted he could handle a woman like Beth. Not that she would give him the time of day.
“Do you have a table?” I asked, and he must have sensed my annoyance.
“Right this way, sir,” he said, grabbing two menus, still looking at Beth in a way that made me uncomfortable...maybe even angry.
Why was I so possessive of her? She wasn’t mine, never would be mine. Still, I couldn’t stop the feelings even if I had tried.
I motioned to Beth, and she seemed relieved as she found my arm again. While I led her toward the table Greg was setting up, I tried to ignore the less than innocent looks from all the men around me. I could practically see their thoughts and it annoyed me in a way that I'd never felt before. How in the hell was I going to find her a man when I couldn’t stop wishing that I could have her?
I had never felt this strange sensation before. All the other women, and there had been quite a few, hadn’t produced this sense of...I’m not even sure what a good word to describe it would be. Possessiveness wasn’t quite right. Though I did want her to be mine, I did not want to possess her. In truth, I wanted Beth to possess me. Very strange for a man like me. One who used women and tossed them aside.
Though it wasn’t like I wanted to use them. I didn’t intend to get so bored with every one of them. It was just what happened. One night, maybe a few, if they were very interesting. Then I'd be searching for the next thrill. The next woman I hoped would be captivating enough to keep my eyes from wandering…but they never were.
As I watched Greg attempt to keep his eyes from my companion, I realized something. Beth was possibly the most interesting woman I'd ever met. Though I did have urges, like with the other women, I genuinely wanted to talk to Beth. I wanted to hear her life story. I wanted to see that smile when she remembered happier times. I hoped that I could somehow ease the trauma of her transformation by figuring out what I was doing wrong. Had I ever thought about a woman like this? Had I ever given a woman’s feelings more than two seconds of my attention?
Though I didn’t think I was worthy of the stunning woman beside, I also didn’t think any man would be. But at least I'd try to please her. Could I say that about any other man I found? This job was going to be harder than I thought. How would I ever find a man with that kind of commitment to her? And, even if I did, how would I know?
As we sat, the waiter came over and poured out our water. I think he introduced himself, but my thoughts could be about nothing but Beth. I waved him off and said something about needing time to decide, then leaned in to speak to my breathtaking companion.
“How would you like your steak?” I asked, then laughed. “Rare?”
I saw her eyes roll and knew I had succeeded in loosening her up.
“Don’t suppose they will just bring them out raw?” she joked in return.
“We could ask.”
“Rare is fine.”
I put my hand up for the waiter, and he was at our table in seconds. Apparently, great service had a lot to do with how pretty your date was. Not that I considered this a date. I was just sure that everyone else did.
After ordering three steaks, all rare, I decided to get started. I needed to know everything about Beth if I was going to help her.
“Tell me about your family.”
“My parents adopted me when I was a baby. They’re great. Very religious.” I saw the regret wash over her. “They’d never accept me like this.”
This explained a lot. This was why she had gone over her twenty-one days. Why she seemed to know little about her own predicament. Perhaps even why she had tried to commit suicide by attacking Tamara.
I pulled out the book from my pocket. The one Chantelle had loaned to me and slid it across the table. Beth would get much more out of it than I would.
“This is a book your parents, you’re birth parents, should have given you as a child.”
She shot me an appreciative smile then read the first paragraph out loud. She was quiet enough that I'm fairly certain only I heard her.
“At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son, and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.”
Then she looked up at me with something similar to amusement.
“Well, I wish I had known this years ago.” A little embarrassment took over as she went on. “I’m sure it explains all these feelings I'm having too.”
“Feelings?” I asked.
Her voice got even quieter, and the embarrassment seemed to take hold of her fully.
“I keep picturing...things...with guys.”
“Like?” I asked, wanting to be sure I wasn’t assuming anything.
“Sex things.” She laughed nervously, then slid the book along the table and put it in her purse. “Things I've never actually done but...you have no idea how much I want to.”
This was encouraging. The problem was. Should I have been so happy about it?
“I don’t want to get too personal, so I'll let that subject sit for now.” I could see her sigh in relief.
I needed to stay focused on her family for now and how she had ended up in my entryway. This was the right thing to do…despite how much I wanted to pursue the subject about her desires.
“Tell me more about your family. Any brothers or sisters?” I asked and saw her relax.
Then, as she started to speak, I saw the smile starting. These were things she wanted to talk about. Unlike her current situation, her family made her happy.
“I have two brothers…sort of.” She stopped and looked at her hands, which were now clasped on the table in front of her. Her smile grew as she sat there silently and thought.
I waited patiently. I didn’t want to interrupt or change her train of thought. These memories were happy ones, she deserved a few moments to remember them before explaining them to me.
“My adopted brother is off at college. He’s two years older than me and…” She paused once more, and once more, I waited.
I could see how happy these memories made her. I wondered if anyone would ever make her that happy again. Could I find a man to do this for her? If it was possible, could I ever make her that happy?
“He’s top of his class,” she continued. “I went to visit him last year. He showed me around and promised to help me meet people when…” Now her sadness came out. I’m not even sure she was aware of it. “That can’t happen now, can it?”
She almost looked like she was ready to cry for a second. I couldn’t stop the words, and they fell out of my mouth before my brain had time to process them. Thankfully, my impulses weren’t as horrible as they had been recently.
“Why not?” I asked with enthusiasm that caught her off guard. “Once you fix your…problem.” I smiled kindly, and she looked up. Her smile started to return as I went on. “Just saying. Find a nice man to protect and you can go off to college and spend time with your brother. The man will just have to learn to love college life.”
This produced a laugh. I may have made a silly face as I finished. I don’t usually do that kind of thing. Not even with Chantelle, but Beth was pulling out all sorts of behavior I wasn’t accustomed to.
“You said you had two brothers,” I prompted when she looked lost in thought again. I really wanted to give her time to think, but I could see the sadness making its way back to the surface. I had to stop it.
“Oh, yeah. My half-brother, Simon.” This time there was only a slight pause. The emotions that flashed across her face were confusing. Happiness, regret, maybe even a little anger. “I met him two weeks ago.”
I assumed that meant he was a werewolf. As she went on, my assumptions were proven right.
“I just wish he had told me about our…problem…sooner.” The look she gave me, as she mimicked my word, made me chuckle. 
“I bet that was rough.” I honestly didn’t know what to say.
I had no idea what it would be like. I’ve known I was a warlock as long as I can remember. Mom was teaching me spells before I was old enough to go to kindergarten. Finding out that your whole life was a lie as you are about to turn twenty-one. Then, to top it off, you have twenty-one days before you become a bloodthirsty killer. Can’t say that I have ever experienced anything that could compare to that.
After a long silence, from both of us, she abruptly changed the subject.
“So, how exactly are you going to find me this man that will come live with me when I go to college?” The playful smirk, coupled with her tone, told me that she didn’t want to talk about her half-brother Simon any longer.
“First thing is first. I need to know what you want.” I was perfectly content to play along. What else could I do? I wasn’t about to remove that smile again. “So what does the perfect guy look like for you? How does he act? Is he shy? Is he bold? How does he treat you?”
Beth sat and thought about this for a really long time. Our steaks arrived right as she opened her mouth to answer me, so the subject was pushed aside for the moment. I could tell that her hunger had returned, possibly increased. The way she looked at the steaks, as the waiter set them down, made me wonder if the waiter would get to keep his fingers.
I cut into my steak and watched Beth anguish over her silverware. I could tell that she was too preoccupied with the smell to remember how to use them.
“Let me cut that for you,” I offered, and the smile I got in return was beyond appreciative.
As I cut her food, and she stared intently at the pieces I had already separated, I decided that she needed something else. But I had to avoid looking like one of ‘those men’. The kind that treat their girlfriend, which she was not, as a child. I couldn’t feed her but knew that I had to do something.
The table manners that we are all taught as children were not present in her mind. All she could see was the food. All she could think about was her hunger.
“Would you try a bite?” I asked, then stabbed one of the pieces and held it out for her. “If it’s not right, I’ll send it back.”
I said this loudly as I felt the eyes of our neighbors on us, looking for any signs that I was not good enough for Beth. I knew that I wasn’t, but I would not be embarrassing her either.
Beth gingerly took the piece into her mouth, and I saw her eyes flash red for a second. I desperately hoped no one else saw it, then realized how stupid this whole idea was. Beth wasn’t ready for public scrutiny. I had made yet another mistake.
“Are you not feeling well? Should we head home?” I offered as a way out for her.
I had no idea if this was causing her more stress, something I didn’t want for her. Her life was bad enough. I didn’t want her to have to endure more. This was supposed to be fun, not another thing that had become painful because of her other half.
Beth chewed the meat and shut her eyes.
“It’s perfect, and I'm fine,” she answered then picked up her fork.
How had I done that? Had it really been me? Somehow feeding her one bite was enough to remind the human part of her brain about silverware. It made no sense to me, but not much about Beth made sense to me.
Next, she grabbed her plate and slid it back toward herself. As if her brain was now all hers again, she picked up the knife and acted like nothing was wrong.
“Thank you,” she said quietly to make sure that only I heard. She lifted her eyes once more, and they flashed red, and I understood. At least I thought I did.
The red had nothing to do with the food. It had everything to do with me. I had helped her, just a little, and the warmth I felt because of this was beyond description.
“To answer your question,” Beth said between bites. Half her steak was gone before I had even started on mine, and I was very glad I had ordered a second one for her.
“I want a considerate man. One who thinks about my feelings.”
She stopped again to eat a few bites, while I pondered her words. How was I going to find a considerate man? Not exactly something you can just come out and ask. ‘How kind are you?’ Yeah, that question didn’t usually make it on the list. My concerns were interrupted as she went on.
“He should be muscular and tall.” She looked up at me, this time no red, but there was another quality to her eyes. One I couldn’t quite place. “I like to feel like he can protect me. Even if I don’t really need it. When he holds me, I want to know that he is holding me. I want to feel it.”
Big guy, muscular and kind. Well, there went about ninety percent of the population in this city. How in the hell was I going to find a guy like that? Not to mention, he had to know about werewolves. One fearful word or, worse yet, a scream, and he’d be dead.
“Must be some primal thing,” she said and laughed at her own statement. “I want to feel safe, physically, and emotionally. Especially when everything I am makes me feel far from safe in both respects.”
Well, talk about an impossible order. Where was I going to find a guy like that? I might have to broaden my search. Then again, nothing was out of the realm of possibilities. I didn’t care if I had to fly to China to find this man. It was what Beth needed. I'd do it.
“Any other physical limitations I should consider?” I asked, now concentrating on my own steak.
It was pretty good. Not the best I'd ever had, but decent. We could have traveled another hour to a larger town, but that would have presented other problems for Beth. I certainly didn’t want to be on our way home when her other half came to visit.
After chewing a bite, I noticed Beth’s lack of an answer and looked up to find her staring at me. When I met her gaze, she answered.
“Nope. That’s it.” She quickly returned to her steak while flashing a strange grin.
What was that look about? Why was she so abrupt with her answer? She was hiding something. There was something else she wanted, but at least I had gotten a general description of the man.
This did narrow things down and gave me a place to start. Muscular and tall, that part would be difficult, but doable. Then add in the kindness and consideration for her feelings. That would be a little harder to discern, but I would not give up.
This man was likely one in a million, but at that point, I didn’t care. It might take me months to find him, but I would. Beth might even have to stumble through a few of the ‘almost’ guys as I struggled to figure out how to tell if someone was considerate and kind, but I would find this man for her.
“Let’s talk about you for a while,” Beth said, looking up at me again. The look, the one I couldn’t quite place, was absent this time.
“What do you want to know?” I asked as I finished off my steak and leaned back, ready to spill all of my secrets.
“Your mom taught you all of this?” She looked unsure of the clarity of her question, and before I could answer, she added more. “Taking care of wolves.”
“She didn’t exactly teach me. I sort of learned by example. She helped a lot of wolves before she died.”
“How did she die?” Beth asked innocently enough, it still made me freeze.
I hadn’t talked to anyone about the night my mother died, not even Chantelle. Chantelle knew exactly what had happened, but we never spoke about it. However, if I was ever going to talk about my mother’s death to anyone, it would be with Beth.
Summoning all of my courage, I started speaking, and it all poured out. I thought it would be hard to talk about, but with Beth, it was easy.
“One of her clients killed her. Not really sure why. One night they had an argument, I heard them from my room. By the time I got down there, she was dead, and he was gone.”
“Oh, my,” Beth said as she finished off her second steak.
“All of my mom’s previous clients tracked the man down. Sam was his name. And they...”
“I completely understand. If anyone ever hurt you. I doubt I'd be able to control myself.”
It was strange how Beth’s response touched me. She didn’t offer her condolences. She also didn’t act like she was mom’s best friend and make it about her. She just listened. Barely even speaking until the end. The statement of how much I had touched her life surprised me but also filled me with warmth. It even partially erased the grief that had started to settle into me.
“What else do you want to know?” I asked, trying to use the happiness Beth had given me to talk about lighter subjects.
“Do you sleep naked?” she asked with a sly grin.
“Oh, geez,” I complained, but I made sure to laugh.
It was obnoxious and inappropriate, but at the same time, it sure did take my mind off of my mother’s death. How had she known exactly what to ask?
“Well? Do you?” she asked, lifting her eyebrows.
Perhaps it wasn’t meant as a joke. Maybe she actually wanted to know. Not knowing what else to do, I answered.
“Yes. You?” I asked, then felt very weird about it. Why was I asking?
“Yes, even before I started destroying my clothes.” She sipped her water, then lowered it from her mouth, and I saw that look again. Almost seductive, almost amused. What was that look?
I shifted in my seat, and I think she noticed.
“I’ll quit.” Afterward, she lifted her glass back to her mouth. She laughed into her glass then took another drink.
The sound was funny, her uplifting laugh echoing in the small glass. It made me appreciate her even more. Everything she did was perfect. Maybe it wouldn’t be so hard to find her the perfect man after all. I know I'd fall for her if I was in the running. Sadly, I was not.
We sat and spoke for another half hour before finally heading home. I found out that she hadn’t gone off to college because she knew that something was wrong when she turned twenty. At first, she had confided in her mother, assuming she was sick. But when all the tests came back saying that she was the healthiest person the doctor had ever seen, she kept her concerns to herself. For the next year, she mostly stayed at home and struggled with her other half in solitude.
She also explained more about her half-brother, Simon. He told her that they had the same father. Simon explained that his father ran around the country, getting women pregnant for reasons he didn’t understand. Then the evil man would fake his death, leaving the woman with no idea that she was pregnant with a werewolf child.
When Beth’s biological mother died in childbirth, there was no way anyone could warn Beth about what was to come. Simon only found her because of his girlfriend. His girlfriend was a very powerful, very resourceful witch who was helping him track down all of his siblings.
Apparently, Simon wasn’t happy with what his father was doing and he didn’t want any of his siblings to go through what he had. In Beth’s case, he hadn’t found her in time.
With Simon’s help, Beth finally had an explanation for why her life had become a nightmare. Her half-brother attempted to help her, but by then, it was too late. Her twenty-one days were almost up, and she lost hope. The day before her twenty-first day, she attacked Tamara in the hope of ending all of her suffering. She didn’t want to be a werewolf and she didn’t want to live.
I found her tale heartbreaking. It reinforced my desire to help her. Having been alone with her struggle for years, then being alone again down in my basement, I wanted nothing more than to save her from her exile.

Chapter 11
The dinner had turned out to be much more light and uplifting for the both of us than I had hoped for. As we came in the front door, I made my first mistake of the evening. And I had thought I was getting better at caring for Beth.
“So, this impossible man you want me to find. I didn’t see anyone like him at the restaurant, and frankly, none of them were good enough for you. Anyway…” I laughed nervously, pushing aside my desire to be the one good enough for her. I thought a light-hearted joke was the best way to put Beth at ease. I was wrong. “Tomorrow I’m going to put an ad in the paper. Nothing too telling. But I think I should get started right away.”
I could see the apprehension in her gaze as her hands fell from my arm and hit her hips. I had no idea how poorly I was reading the situation until afterward. What I thought was apprehension, was full-blown anger. So I continued on, completely oblivious to firestorm I was stirring up.
“Don’t worry. I’ll ask vague questions to make sure they know about werewolves.”
Her lips started to flatten, and I saw the red inching its way into her eyes. And yes, I still had no idea that every word from me was making it worse. Sometimes I’m that clueless.
“I’m just kidding. I’m not going to put an ad in the paper. But there are plenty of human men who…”
She exploded. Almost literally. Her hands flew out in outrage, and I could see her claws poking out of her fingertips. When my gaze returned to her face, I could even see her fangs.
“I DON’T WANT A HUMAN!” she screamed.
She looked like her hands wanted to strangle me, but her brain wouldn’t let them. I sincerely believe her wolf side and her human side were having an internal argument that I would not want to hear…because the wolf hated me. At least that’s the impression I got.
“But you…” I started to object, and that in itself was a mistake. I should have just shut up and let her vent, but I didn’t.
Beth’s eyes turned completely red, and I think I even heard a growl in her voice as she struggled not to kill me where I stood. Instead, she strode over to me, stood on her toes, and pushed her nose only inches from mine. Her teeth were gritted as she spoke. I could not miss the fangs that were completely out now.
“I…want…a witch.”
After her contained admission, she grabbed my shoulders very roughly and pushed me against the wall. I could see it in her eyes, the wolf wanted me dead. At least that’s what I thought at the time. The human part of her…I’m not even sure what the human part wanted. Even if I had guessed, I still would have been wrong.
She pushed her face closer to mine, and I tried not to wince. I didn’t want to give the wolf any indication of how terrified I was at that moment. My eyes felt like dry saucers because I refused to even blink.
As her face drew closer and closer to mine, I made the biggest mistake of the evening, possibly the biggest mistake I had made so far.
“Does it have to be a guy?” I asked as a joke.
I was hoping to ease the tension, I had apparently not learned my lesson with the first joke. I thought I could get her to open up to me. The claws that were completely exposed were now digging into my shoulders. She was careful not to break the skin, but I understood the restraint she was showing. Just a little more pressure and the skin on my shoulders would have holes like my suit jacket. I think she even pierced through my shirt underneath, but not my skin.
After a few moments of what looked like another internal argument, Beth released me, stormed into the living room and screamed. Not growled or howled like when she was a wolf. She screamed like a woman who had reached her breaking point. This was probably more terrifying than if she had roared. The wolf being angry was understandable, almost expected. The human version of Beth, screaming at the top of her lungs, told me just how badly I was failing her.
Then, for emphasis, she put her fist through my TV. The flat-screen TV exploded in a shower of sparks and flying electronic parts. Beth stood with her fist out, inspecting the damage she had done. I think she felt a little guilty at first, then her anger returned. After pulling her fist back, she turned and looked at me with a new level of anger.
“Maybe if you weren’t watching TV all the FUCKING TIME, you might pay attention to what I want! It’s not that hard if you pay attention!”
After that, and having no more to say to me, she stormed to the basement and slammed the door.
I must have stood there for a good five minutes. I contemplated everything I had done to upset her and vowed to be more careful, more diligent in the future. I was also a little upset about the TV comment.
Since Beth had come to stay with me, I hadn’t even turned the TV on. She had. And somehow it became my fault when she was angry. One side of me wanted to argue with her. To yell at her like she had yelled at me. Show her how wrong she had been about the TV, but then another tidbit from my mother came to me.
‘Werewolves don’t understand how to express themselves like we do. Sometimes one thing will come out as something completely different. It’s my job to figure out what they are really upset about.’
Although this frustrated me and angered me, I pushed it aside. I was failing Beth, and she had every right to blame me, even if the things she sited were not actually true.
I had not been watching TV and ignoring her…but somehow, I got the impression that I had ignored her wishes. She acted like I should have known that she didn’t want a human. But how could I have known? I also thought that she expected me to sense what she really wanted.
Wolves were confusing. Females were confusing. Female wolves seemed to be ten times more confusing. What had she really been angry about? Was it in the words she spoke? Or was it still hidden, just beneath the surface? Were her words a clue or another cover?
I had done something wrong. Something I didn’t even fully understand.
I mustered up the courage to talk to Beth. I even planned on apologizing profusely to her. But, as I was reaching for the basement door, my front door flew open. Standing in the doorway, eyes fogged over and looking even angrier than Beth, was Tamara.
“You small-minded, stupid, pathetic…” With each word, her anger seemed to grow and with it, so did the pain that started in my chest. “idiotic...little boy!”
As she said the last word, the pain reached a new height. It felt like my lungs stopped working, but at the same time, they burned like they were on fire. My throat lurched to draw breath but none would come.
I tried to use magic on Tamara. I thrust out my hand, and a fireball shot toward her but when it collided with her, Tamara just laughed. It didn’t actually hit her. Somehow it evaporated right as it was about to singe the leather jacket she had on. Tamara hadn’t even had to move her hands to completely dissipate my spell.
At that moment, I realized just how strong my boss was. I wasn’t even a fly to her. My fireball not even worthy of her attention.
“I forgot weak.” She sneered as she walked closer to me and the pain grew stronger.
Now the pain wasn’t only centered in my chest. My limbs hurt, then the pain made its way to my head. It felt like every cell in my body was on fire, and remember, I like fire. But not like this.
“You were supposed to help her. All you’ve done is make her angry.”
Tamara pointed to my living room and at the shattered TV.
“I knew I shouldn’t have trusted you. My sister…”
As Tamara began explaining, I saw a flash. Right as I thought I might pass out from the pain, a form appeared in front of me. My eyes couldn’t focus, but I was certain it was Beth’s voice I heard. It was mixed with the wolf, but it was Beth.
“If you ever touch him…” wolf-Beth warned in a low voice.
Tamara just laughed, and I heard Beth growl. I think Beth was struggling again. Another argument between her wolf side and her human side.
“I'll...I’ll...” Beth growled, and this time it sounded like a growl as she spoke. “My brother will hear about this!”
Her brother, the one in college? Or was she referring to her half-brother, Simon, the wolf?
I think I started to lose consciousness at this point because I’m pretty sure I heard Tamara apologize. I couldn’t see either of them, the room was quickly turning black, but I swear I heard it.
“Please, Beth. I was...I was just looking out for you. Please don’t tell Simon.”
“I can take care of myself!” Beth screamed, and her voice was more human now. “Leave!!”
And that’s all I remember. Well, except for my view of the hardwood floor in my entryway. At least I think it was the solid wood floor that was visible to me. Then I passed out. I’m not really sure what happened after that. Not that I could have stopped it. Each of the two women in my entryway could have killed me without a second thought. I’m a strong man, but not even close to as strong as Beth. And I’m a good warlock, but not nearly as powerful as Tamara.
My dreams that night weren’t filled with seductive scenarios involving Beth. Instead, they were filled with a multitude of stories where Beth came to my rescue. And each time I begged Beth to forgive me for my stupidity but she always left without saying a word. Believe me, I completely understood how much I had failed Beth, and she had still saved me from Tamara. Even my unconscious mind understood that.

Chapter 12
I shot up in bed the next morning and looked at my clock with panic. It was five after seven. I had overslept!
Without thinking, I rushed down the stairs. As the basement door got closer, my mind started to remember the events of the previous night. My senses also started to realize that I had no clothes on except for a pair of shorts. And they were not the underwear I had on under my pants last night. I was wearing a pair of tight shorts and nothing else.
I slowed at the basement door and pondered what had happened.
Had Beth undressed me? Had Tamara? Which of them had won? And if they went through all the trouble of undressing me, why put shorts on me?
When I grabbed the handle to Beth’s room, I froze. I wasn’t locked. But more importantly, what would I find on the other side? And out of all of the possibilities. Tamara killing Beth. Beth killing Tamara and being hunted by the witches. The one that frightened me the most was Beth leaving because of me.
I guess it’s the life I’m used to that skewed my fears. The threat of death was always present. You insult the wrong witch, piss off the wrong werewolf, and your life was over. Beth had threatened the most powerful witch in the world. But the thought of Beth leaving because of me. That thought hurt, and I mean it really hurt.
I pushed the door open gently and found…Beth sleeping underneath a blanket. She must have gotten it from the upstairs closet. One glance around the room told me that she hadn’t used the cuffs last night. They were still hanging just as I had left them the morning before. I hadn’t even had the chance to replace them with the larger ones Beth had asked for.
“Beth?” I asked quietly.
She stirred but didn’t open her eyes.
As she rolled over to her side, I realized that she hadn’t been kidding about sleeping naked. She had no clothes on under the blanket. Her bare shoulder peeked out as her hand slapped onto the bed. Then she grabbed the pillow and squeezed it under her beautiful face. The whole time making strange noises. Primal noises.
Was she dreaming? And what was she dreaming about? It looked like a very good dream.
Werewolves didn’t get the luxury of dreams. Not after their twenty-one days. Something in Beth had changed, and I didn’t understand what it was.
Despite all my bumbling and failing to care for her, somehow, Beth had found her own way. I had heard of this before. It was rare, but then again, Beth was rare.
Every once in a while, a werewolf would find a sort of make-shift peace with their other half. If there was no charge to care for, it usually had to do with some kind of agreement between the two halves. Beth’s human side and her wolf side had found something they could agree on. Something that brokered a cease-fire between the two. The struggle would be suspended until there was another argument between them or they found a charge.
Very quietly, I grabbed one of the chairs and set it beside Beth’s bed. Then I sat and stared down at the sweet looking woman before me. She was faced away from me, but even from this angle, I could tell that she was more peaceful than she had been in a long while.
“Are you watching me sleep?” Beth’s voice sounded groggy and coarse, the way most people sound when they first wake up. Still, I could hear the smile.
“Sorry,” I said as she turned over to face me.
She was careful to hold the blanket to her chest as she rolled, but her hand seemed to lose its commitment when her eyes looked me over. I was suddenly reminded of the fact that I had very little clothing on. The way Beth’s eyes washed over me made me feel wonderful, yet frightful at the same time. It was what I wanted, but perhaps I shouldn’t have wanted it.
Trying to avoid the look Beth was giving me, I tried to get us both thinking about other things.
“So. Did you…” I motioned over my half-naked body. I wasn’t sure what to say and realized that this subject was just as uncomfortable as the stare.
“Yes, I undressed you.” Her eyes looked at me with even more hunger now.
“Oh.” I wasn’t sure what else to say. What else could I say? I wasn’t upset. I was more worried. Maybe a little self-conscious.
“Don’t worry. I didn’t peek.”
The look she gave me was meant to calm my growing nervousness. It didn’t. That cute, innocent look she was trying to give me, told another story. She wasn’t lying. She didn’t peek. But she wanted to. I could see it in her eyes.
“You’re freaking out, aren’t you?” she asked when I couldn’t find words.
“A little,” I replied.
“I have an idea.” She looked confident, but I wasn’t sure I wanted to hear this idea. Despite this, I couldn’t help my response.
“What idea?” I asked, immediately regretting my words.
“I want you to meet my other half.”
“But, it’s too soon,” I argued.
“It will be fine. She wants to meet you.”
“Well, we have several hours to talk this over. Why don’t I…” I was going to offer to make her breakfast. Also, a pretense to go get some clothes on, but she didn’t let me finish.
“I mean right now.”
“Right now?” I asked, not understanding.
How could I meet her other half at a little after seven in the morning? The rules were very specific. Wolves without a charge could not control their change. Every evening at nine they changed, every morning at about sunrise, they changed back. Then I remembered the fact that Beth had been sleeping in a bed. Whatever compromise or treaty she had made with her wolf must have been profound.
If Beth was able to transform at will and the wolf wanted to meet me, then something important had changed in Beth’s life. It didn’t excuse me from finding her a charge, but it would make things a lot less complicated.
Beth didn’t answer, she just pulled the blanket around herself then motioned with her other hand.
“No peeking.” She said this with a silly grin that made me smile.
“You didn’t peek. I suppose it’s only fair,” I teased as I turned the chair around and faced the table.
I could hear one of the paper gowns being opened, and then the chains rattled as she put them on. Next, I heard the padlocks clicking into place. First on her ankles then her wrists.
“I’m ready.”
“You’re sure she wants to meet me?” I asked as I turned around to find Beth in one of the paper gowns with the cuffs on her wrists and ankles.
“Believe me. I’ll get no peace until she gets to meet you.”
“Ok. A short introduction, then I need to make you breakfast and get started looking for your…witch.” I avoided the word man like the plague because I didn’t want to see Beth’s angry side again. I needed to be very specific. Beth wanted a male witch. I’d find Beth a male witch.
Despite my careful words, I did see a flash of disappointment, followed by a forced smile as she responded.
“Deal.”
The way she said it made me wonder. It wasn’t quite a lie, but it did seem like she was hiding something. As if she was planning something that she didn’t want to clue me in on just yet. I was worried, but also a little excited.
I made sure my chair was far from the wall. I even moved it back by the table, just to be sure. I didn’t want to tempt the werewolf. I had made her mad last night, some of that might still be in there. Peaceful intentions were wonderful, but werewolves were not emotionally stable, even on their best days.
“I’m ready,” I said as I sat and placed my hands in my lap.
“Just be calm.”
She acted like I was a human. Why would I not be calm? I’d met many werewolves. A lot more than she had. I grinned as I responded.
“I can handle a werewolf. I’m sure she’s…”
I stopped speaking as Beth began changing.
First, her claws and fangs came out and she didn’t look uncomfortable. Not like I’d heard through the door. Then her neck popped and she moved her head back and forth, clearly struggling to stop the painful screams. After that, her legs and arms started to contort and elongate. This was too much, even for Beth.
Her cries started out sounding weak, and her eyes locked onto mine, hoping that I could give her strength. But I could provide her with nothing. I couldn’t stop it. I couldn’t ease it. It was torturous to watch, but I had to watch. The wolf would be offended if I turned away. Hell, Beth would be disappointed, which was just as bad.
I grimaced as Beth’s cries became screams. The popping of her bones made me wince with each one, but I dared not look away. I made sure not to shut my eyes as the painful contortions brought out…the most beautiful werewolf I had ever seen in my life.
She was large, not as large as a Silverback, but she was at least as tall as me. She was also built differently than any wolf I had ever seen. Her arms weren’t huge like some I’ve seen, but the power in those muscles looked incredible. The strongest muscles aren’t always the biggest and Beth’s were the perfect example of this.
Her hips were a little wider, probably the fact that she was female, I assumed, and her chest wasn’t as…puffy as a man’s. That part confused me at first. Then I realized, werewolves wouldn’t have breasts like human women. Then it made sense. Her muscles were in different places than a man’s would be. In her legs and her arms. Smaller but more compact. More deadly.
I didn’t doubt Chantelle’s account that a female werewolf could take on five male ones. One look at Beth and I figured it might take more than five to take her down.
Then there was her fur. Almost the same color as her hair. I had never seen a blonde wolf, but there she was, standing in front of me, waiting for my response.
She growled when I didn’t speak fast enough.
“I’m sorry,” I started, and her growl grew. “I’ve just never seen a werewolf as pretty as you are. You are…breathtaking.”
I stood as I said this, and the growling stopped, but it was replaced with something I didn’t see coming. She started walking forward, dragging the chains until they snapped firmly at the end of her range.
“Can I touch your fur?” I asked meekly.
I stuck out my hand and took one step closer. I was only a foot or two away from her now, but I wasn’t scared. That look on her canine face was not anger. I’m not exactly sure what it was, but I know what anger looks like, and that wasn’t it.
Beth, wolf-Beth, grunted, then bowed her head. Letting me know that I was allowed to touch her. My hand shook as I stuck it out, expecting coarse fur, only to find her pelt to be softer than any canine I had ever felt. I don’t think I’ve felt blankets as soft as her fur. It was magnificent. It felt like I could hug her and fall asleep. Like a giant stuffed animal that…
Beth pulled her left hand forward, interrupting my inner dialog, and the chain on her left hand snapped effortlessly.
I scrambled backward, trying not to look terrified.
Then she snapped the chain on her right arm, and the cuffs both dangled with a few feet of chain. The left side hit the floor, the right nearly did. She walked forward, forgetting about the ones on her ankles, which also snapped.
I had been correct about her strength. She was more powerful than any male werewolf I had ever met. Even a Silverback wouldn’t stand a chance against Beth. She should have been terrifying. The strongest werewolf I had ever seen was walking toward me, but the look on her wolf face filled me with calmness.
I backed into my chair and thumped down. To my surprise, wolf-Beth seemed to be smiling at my clumsiness. That was when I realized that she was no longer a full werewolf. The human version of Beth was slowly making her way to the surface.
The reverse transformation seemed much easier. There were a few pained expressions on her face as she changed back, but no screams and no cries. Then, as she became human once more, I realized that she was standing in front of me…naked.
“What do you think?” she asked innocently.
“I think…” I stuttered, trying to look her in the eyes. I’ve never had such a hard time controlling my eyes in my life. They wanted to look over every inch of the stunning woman standing in front of me, but I wouldn’t let them.
“Well?” she asked and started to grin. One of her hands made its way to her hip, and she cocked her head while she waited.
“Your wolf is the most beautiful wolf I’ve ever seen.”
“That’s not what I was asking about.”
“Umm…” I stuttered, wondering if she was asking what I thought she was asking. “What did you mean then?”
“I meant the human me.” She took the hand that wasn’t on her hip and waved it over her body. “What do you think?”
I let my eyes loose. Every inch of Beth’s body brought with it new excitement.
With no fabric to get in the way, I could see every inch. Every muscle in her well-toned body and every curve of her womanly figure. My gaze made its way down from her breasts and over the two columns of muscle in the center of her abdomen. Then my eyes continued lower as the muscles drew tighter together, almost in the shape of a v as they combined underneath the thin wisps of blonde hair.
Beth was more muscular than I could tell through her clothing. And the rest of her, more womanly than I had hoped for.
While my eyes took their time taking in every square inch of the gorgeous woman in front of me, she got impatient.
“Stand up,” she ordered, and my brain was too busy recording every curve of her body to disobey her, so I stood.
“Your mouth doesn’t seem to be working right, but something else is impressed.” She looked down at my shorts, and I was very aware of the fact that they were extremely tight right now.
“Sorry?” I wasn’t sure what else to say. This made her laugh.
As my eyes continued to scour her perfect body, she walked closer to me. Had I been paying attention to her face, I probably would have seen what was coming, but I was too busy with the rest of her magnificent body.
With a swift motion, she removed my shorts then pushed me back on the chair. I was too dumbfounded to object, not that my mouth was working anyway. When I was seated, she walked around behind me.
I couldn’t see her gorgeous body any longer, but my mouth still wouldn’t work. As she drug her fingernails across my shoulders, I could feel the wolf claws coming out. To some, that might have been frightening, maybe a little intimidating, but I found it exciting.
This woman, that could tear me to pieces, was dragging her claws across my back playfully. She was very careful with the pressure she used. She was so gentle with them that it tickled a little. Did she know what she was doing to me? Was she getting the same pleasure from this as I?
Then she startled me as she leaned forward from behind me. I could feel her breath on my neck as her mouth made its way to my ear. Her lips brushed against my earlobe as she whispered, and it sent a shiver down my spine.
“My wolf wanted me to change back.” She laughed before she continued on. “She was afraid she might hurt you.”
“Oh.” Once again, my pathetic mouth was limited to short bursts of almost coherent speech.
She kissed my earlobe, prolonging my torture, then moved to my other ear.
“Here’s what’s going to happen.”
I listened intently, never for a second wanting to disobey her words.
“You are going to sit perfectly still. I am going to…” She stopped abruptly, and I heard a small laugh. It drove me crazy. What was she going to do?
She made her way around to the front as slowly as she could tolerate and spoke in a normal voice.
“Remember, don’t move.”
I obeyed. So help me, I wanted nothing more than to obey at that very moment. My hands didn’t budge, my mouth didn’t open. I didn’t even want to nod in agreement for fear that I might disappoint her, and she would stop.
She smirked as she stared into my eyes and knew that I was listening. I could see her claws were still out, and her fangs were partially descended. The wolf and her were cooperating. This was a miraculous thing for a wolf without a charge, but, at the time, I couldn’t really give it much thought. Then she stood in front of me, turned and sat in my lap.
My manhood was pressed up against her backside. It was both uncomfortable and very exciting. As it pressed against her, she wiggled, pretending to get more comfortable.
“How does that feel?” she asked with a snarky tone.
When I didn’t answer, she turned her head so I could see her face.
“I said, don’t move. You can speak.”
“It feels…weird.” My mouth was apparently still suffering technical difficulties. A gorgeous woman, naked and sitting in your lap does that to a guy. Not enough blood to go around and my brain cells were not the most important thing to my body at the moment.
“Weird?” she asked with another giggle.
She was enjoying teasing me. And, to be honest, I was too. It was very…weird. But also very erotic and exciting.
Then she lifted herself up but didn’t completely stand.
“Well, we don’t want weird…now do we?”
It was a rhetorical question, and even my blood starved brain cells knew that. The next second, she reached between her legs and grabbed me roughly. I was never all that interested in forceful sex, but I didn’t even flinch. I assume it had more to do with who was doing it rather than what was being done. I would have done anything for Beth in that moment. She could have done anything to me and I would have thanked her for doing it.
And as she slid me inside of her, I think my brain cells were completely cut off. No other impulses were as important as the feeling of her sliding down the length of me. The only thing half as important was the sound she made.
“Now…” she said and had to take a breath. “Ok…I wasn’t expecting that. Anyway…” She tried to concentrate. “You will do exactly as I say.”
She was trying to be commanding, but the sensations seemed no less distracting for her. I don’t think her brain cells were getting much attention either.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Oh. I like that.”
Her eager voice sounded so confident. This was something I’d never experienced. Never expected to like, but I loved it. There was no worrying if I was doing it right. She would tell me, and I would obey. I was completely excused from any responsibility.
“Now,” she started and wiggled herself in place, then gasped at the sensation it provided. I nearly did as well. “Right hand forward.”
I obeyed, and she grabbed my hand. Then she slid it down her stomach, getting lower and lower until I could feel the thin wisps of hair and the soft mound of warm flesh.
“Three fingers.” She explained as she moved my hand and my fingers. She then pushed my fingers to the exact spot where she wanted them. “Slowly, but firmly. Making small…” she gasped again as I started to execute her orders before she was finished. “circles.” She finished her thought, but I didn’t need to hear it. I was already doing it.
“Oh, fuck.” She threw her head back and forgot that she was supposed to be explaining. Instead, she grabbed my left hand and directed it while looking at the ceiling and biting her lip.
With her head beside me, on my shoulder, I could see her expressions. I have never been so content with pleasuring a woman. How had I never realized that it could be so fulfilling to see your partner enjoy herself like this? Then again, I had never been with a woman like Beth…and would probably never be again. There was no woman like Beth.
I kept to my task with my right hand while she slid my left to her stomach then up. Once it reached its target, she positioned my fingers over her left nipple. I apparently didn’t read her intentions this time, or she just felt the need to explain.
“Pinch it.” She said this sternly, almost angrily. I gladly obeyed, and she let out another, louder gasp.
As my fingers worked away, her hips started to move. At first, it seemed involuntary. Small movements as her satisfaction approached. Then, I became certain that she was doing it intentionally. Almost like she wanted to make sure I would be climaxing at the same moment she did.
“Yes. Keep going. Harder. Push harder!”
Her words were harsh, but I heard them as pleas. In this situation, she could yell and scream at me, and I would do anything she wanted.
“Oh, fuck yes!” she shouted, and her hips moved more quickly.
She grabbed my legs to help lift herself up. The motion that had started as slight was now forceful and almost vicious.
“Yes…yes…” she practically screamed.
I felt her body twitch once, then saw her leg muscles quiver and falter. Moments later, I felt her claws digging into my thighs. No more words came from Beth, and she had stopped her movement. I continued with my fingers, slowing as she jerked on my lap. Then I saw a smile start.
I could feel my own explosion of pleasure, begging for release, just at the edge. One more movement from her and I would find my own. But I would obey. She hadn’t told me I could move yet, though I desperately wanted to.
“That was very good.” Then she turned her head and kissed me gently on the lips. “Almost perfect. Next time you’ll do better.”
That was a little disheartening. At least until she stood up and I saw the grin on her face. I had thought I had failed yet again, but her look told me that she was teasing me.
Her eyes found my solid manhood, and her grin changed.
“Not good enough for you?” she asked, then found my eyes again.
“No. I…two more seconds.” It was all my blood starved brain cells could come up with.
To my surprise, she fell to her knees in front of me, grabbed me with one hand then smirked.
“You did a very good job this time. I suppose you do deserve a reward.”
She didn’t wait for objections and didn’t bother to hear my response, though there was none. Even if I had wanted to, my mouth wasn’t cooperating. The second she had me in her mouth, my blood deprived brain cells must have shut down completely.
The feeling of her lips on me, her tongue, the sounds of contentment she made. I think it took all of about three seconds, and I met with the blinding white light. I don’t even think I knew where I was, who I was, and I didn’t care. The lightning that shot across my brain was more intense than any I had ever experienced. I think I was technically brain dead for at least ten seconds, maybe longer.
By the time my brain was able to comprehend what was going on, Beth was walking toward her bathroom. She held her clothes and a towel in her arms but didn’t bother to cover herself. She even looked over her shoulder then smiled, right before she shut the door.

Chapter 13
I had the eggs and bacon ready and on plates before Beth even came up. I’m not sure what took her so long, but it gave me far too much time to imagine.
I pictured her coming upstairs and professing her undying love for me. Then the next minute, I imagined her coming up with suitcases and slapping me before she walked out the door. Neither of them was what actually happened.
She slid into her seat, wearing sweat pants and a tee-shirt without saying a word. Then, as she looked up, finishing off her third piece of bacon, she smiled.
“Something wrong?” she asked.
“Are you ok?” I asked, not really sure that it was the right question.
She did seem pretty ambivalent about the whole experience. The best sex I’d ever had…and I mean ever, and she didn’t even bring it up.
“I’m wonderful,” she said with a smile, grabbed another piece of bacon then spoke as she bit off a piece. “And feel free to wake me up like that any time.”
What in the hell was happening? I guess I just expected it to mean more than that. And why was I so upset that it wasn’t more than just sex to her? That’s what it had to be. It couldn’t be anything more. Then why did it feel like more to me?
I slumped into my chair and picked at my eggs.
“You going to eat that?” Beth asked with a snarky tone.
I pushed my plate across the table, then watched as something changed in Beth. She was still snarky with her words, but there was something in her look. It made her words easier to hear.
“I was serious. Wake me up like that every day, and I’ll be a happy werewolf.”
She quickly shifted her gaze to the food that had once been mine, but I caught the look. Strangely, it made me feel a hell of a lot better. Her words were a cover. It had meant more to her than she let on. Despite the fact that it could never be more than just sex, I wanted her to feel what I was feeling. A sense of loss for what could never be. And that brief look told me that she felt exactly as I did.
My mood lifted as I stood and started making myself oatmeal. I could do this. The silent longing in her stares was enough. The unspoken desire for more than we could have, gave me a sense of comfort with this strange situation.
When my oatmeal started to bubble, I turned to look at Beth and panicked. I hadn’t even heard a sound, but standing behind Beth...was Tamara. And she did not look pleased.
“So...,” Tamara started, sounding angrier than the last time she’d assaulted me. Though, this time her actions were tempered. Perhaps that was the reason for the tone. “This is how you’re finding her a man?”
Beth was on her feet and spun to face Tamara in a flash. I could see her claws, and her body looked like it was starting to increase in size.
“You...” Beth started, then stopped as Tamara walked by her.
“I’m not interested in you, dear.”
Beth didn’t turn as Tamara walked up to me. I’m not sure she could. Somehow, I think Tamara had frozen her. No more sounds came from Beth as Tamara used the index finger on her right hand and put it under my chin.
The pain started once again while Tamara spoke, and I was as frozen as Beth appeared to be. I couldn’t even cringe at the slowly building pain in my chest.
“I can’t hurt Beth.” Tamara paused, and an evil grin spread on her face. “But I just realized...I don’t have to.”
Tamara removed her finger from my chin, but the pain increased as she walked by me and shut off my oatmeal. She appeared to be enjoying the fact that neither of us could move. She relished in her complete power over us while she slowly walked to Beth’s second plate, picked up a piece of bacon, and took a small bite.
“You’re a pretty decent cook.” Then she took a fork full of eggs. She spun to face me, her anger once again showing. “But you’re a horrible werewolf trainer. What in the hell were you thinking?”
Tamara looked like she wanted an answer, but I couldn’t speak, even if I had wanted to. Even blinking my eyes was impossible at this moment.
“First, you piss her off.” The evil woman walked around Beth, dragging her nails across Beth’s muscular shoulders until she was in front of her. “Then, you have sex with her?”
She spoke to me but was staring right into Beth’s eyes.
“Honey,” she said, finally addressing Beth. “You can’t have Chris. That’s not how this works.”
After her seemingly heartfelt apology to Beth, her anger seemed to increase as she addressed me once more.
“And you’ll die if you don’t stop fucking around with Beth. You can’t have her. So get your head out of your ass and find her a man!”
Tamara left Beth and headed to me, grabbing another piece of bacon from Beth’s plate as she approached me. When she looked up into my eyes, I felt Tamara’s power release me. She didn’t even have to wave a hand or move a finger, one look, and her power subsided.
“You have two seconds. Make them count.”
My heart raced, and I knew I had to get these words right. My life was on the line. If I didn’t quickly explain my actions, I’d die.
“This was how my mother helped wolves.”
It was the first thing that came to mind, and Tamara seemed placated by my explanation. However, the look on Beth’s face as she turned to face me, was possibly the worst moment of my life. I think I would have preferred death to the look she gave me.
“So, that...?” Beth pointed toward the basement door, unable to finish her thought.
This made Tamara grin wider and more viciously at me. I saw the evil part of her vanish as she spun to face Beth.
“Chris is just doing his job...I guess.”
Tamara didn’t sound entirely convinced, but at that moment, I didn’t care. I wanted nothing more than to take those words back. I wanted to tell Beth that it was a fabrication to save my pathetic life, but I was too ashamed to put those thoughts into words. I also didn’t think Beth would have believed them.
Tamara patted Beth on the shoulder almost kindly as she headed toward the door, stealing yet another piece of bacon on her way out. At the door, as Beth’s stare turned from disbelief to anger, Tamara had one more jab to add.
“And Chris, I’m not exaggerating. If you don’t find her a man soon, I’ll find someone else to help Beth.” Tamara opened the door but continued speaking as she walked out. “They never did find Clara Sanderson, did they?” I heard the evil laugh as the door shut, then her voice was muffled, but I heard her taunt clearly. “Would be a shame if you had to join her.”
As frightening as the warning from Tamara was, the look on Beth’s face was worse. I could see her claws piercing the back of the chair she was now gripping. I think she was imagining crushing my feeble bones like she was crushing the chair. While it creaked and complained, almost ready to snap, Beth gritted her teeth and spoke.
“Never mind what I said earlier. Don’t wake me up like that…ever…again.”
I could see the restraint Beth was showing. Her eyes were slowly changing to red, but Beth didn’t attack me. I’m certain that the wolf wanted to. It was only human Beth that was keeping me in one piece.
“Beth...” I started to explain, finally finding the courage to tell her the truth. The truth about how much of a coward I had been. But she didn’t let me.
“Save it, Christopher.” The malice in those words hurt almost as much as the look of shock she had given me a few moments ago. “Just find me a man.” With that, she spun and headed to the basement, then mimicked Tamara and stood at the basement door while she gave me a warning. “And he better be a witch!”
After Beth slammed the basement door and almost tore it off its hinges, I sulked in the kitchen. I was no longer in the mood for my oatmeal. What had started out as a wonderful day, had turned into one of the worst days of my life.
The extent that I'd hurt Beth was clear. She had hoped, like I had, that the encounter in the basement was the start of something. It was strange how much difference that little bit of hope had made. That tiny amount of hope had made both of us very happy. And now...without it, we were both miserable.
The rest of the day, I moped around the house. Occasionally hearing Beth slam things in the basement or scream. A few times I even heard her roar as the wolf. But she never left the basement, not even to eat. Not until supper.
It was a quiet supper. Beth only spoke once, and it was only to thank me as I sat the plate in front of her. Then, after picking at her food for the next ten minutes, she stood and headed to bed.
I couldn’t take the tension anymore and felt I had to say something. Even if Beth got angry, I could not let her go to sleep thinking that this morning had meant nothing.
“Beth. Wait, please.” Yes, I was groveling, but what other choice did I have?
She spun slowly, and I could see something new in her look. Something worse than anger, worse than the heartbreak from earlier. She looked detached and lost. My hasty words had taken something from Beth. Something I had struggled so hard to give her. A reason to live.
“What I said earlier...” I didn’t finish, hoping she would say something. She didn’t. After a few more moments, I went on.
“What I said,” I stuttered, repeating my words to give my mind time to find a better excuse. None came. “I just said that to appease Tamara. It wasn’t true.”
“Your mother didn’t have sex with wolves to help them?” Beth asked, her look not changing. She didn’t believe me, and I didn’t blame her.
“That part is true.”
Her look worsened. It almost looked like tears were forming. I scrambled for more words. I couldn’t take her crying.
“But that’s not why I did it.”
Yes, it was true that she had started it, but I hadn’t complained. I had wanted it to happen. I had encouraged it to happen by my choice in clothing. At any point, I could have refused her. I chose to obey her because it was what I had secretly hoped would happen.
Something in Beth changed after those words from me. Almost like her hope had returned, but with it, I saw a realization that I also understood. Hope was all that we could have. When I opened my mouth to say more and completely explain my insensitive words, she put her hand over it.
Without saying anything, she grabbed my arm and walked with me down the stairs. At the bottom, she grabbed my hand and looked up at me with kindness.
It was strange how she didn’t address our problem. I wanted to talk about it, but it seemed like she wasn’t interested in talking about what we couldn’t have.
“See you in the morning. And…” she looked down at her hand in mine. “Thanks for this morning. First time I’ve thought clearly in months.”
“You don’t need any help tonight?” I looked back at her, hoping she needed help. Despite my stupid desires, Beth was much more mature about this than I was.
Tamara would kill me if she knew the truth of what Beth and I hid. The fact that I wanted Beth and I was fairly certain that she wanted me too. But that secret could never be shared, even between the two of us. And it seemed to be enough for Beth to suspect the feelings I had for her.
“I don’t think I’ll be turning tonight. She’s…asleep…passed out? Hell, I don’t know what she is, but she’s not there. I’ll be fine. If anything happens, I’ll let you know.”
“Ok,” I replied and started to shut the door. That’s about the time something strange came over Beth. Like she was afraid of something.
“Can you leave it open tonight?”
“But…”
“This is going to sound strange.” Although I knew that I should lock the door, the tone of her voice told me that I would be happier if I didn’t. “You calm her.”
“So?” I asked, still holding on to the door. Still undecided.
“So. If she wakes up or whatever, she can come check on you, and she’ll be fine.”
It seemed fairly reasonable to me. I had no idea what it was like to struggle with a wolf. I had never heard of anything like this, but I had also never met a female werewolf. Who’s to say what was normal?
“Sure.” Then I just had to add a joke. The same joke from the first day. “But I don’t want to wake up and find her drooling over me.”
I even laughed afterward, but what I got in response, right before she walked away from the door, left me speechless.
“If there’s any drooling going on, it won’t be her.”
I had created a monster. And I was loving every minute of it!
While I walked up the stairs, intending to get to bed, I couldn’t stop thinking about Beth. What if she showed up in my bed later that night? What would she order me to do this time? I was excited, and it would make sleeping very difficult. Even the fear of what Tamara might do in response was not enough to keep my mind from going over the endless possibilities.
It was sex, just sex. Despite the fact that it was far more than sex to me, Tamara didn’t know that. Tamara even seemed to accept my explanation for why it had happened. Perhaps my evil boss wouldn’t hurt me if Beth and I had another encounter. I’d still have to find Beth a man, but that didn’t mean we couldn’t share a little more before I did.
As I reached the stairs, I turned to my mother’s room instead. Not really even realizing I was doing it. My preoccupation with Beth led my subconscious to seek out answers in another journal.
I realized this as I knelt down in front of the dresser and caught a glimpse of Charlie’s journal sitting on the bed. I still wasn’t ready for Charlie’s, but I needed to read Sam’s. I needed to know why it had gone so badly with Sam.
While walking back to my room, I held the journal about Sam in my hand and pushed back the anxiety. I didn’t want to read this one, but I needed to. Beth needed me to read this one.
Whatever had gone horribly wrong between Sam and my mother would not happen with Beth. I would not let it happen. I was scared to die. Of course I was. But if I was going to die, Beth killing me was the least bad option.
Once again, I think my fears were clouded by the life I live. Tamara killing me was scary, it would hurt. It would probably hurt a lot and for a very long time. Beth killing me? That would probably be quick. Though we didn’t put it into words, there was something between Beth and I. She would never cause me pain if she had a choice.
Though mostly, my fears were about something more important than my own pathetic life. I didn’t want Beth to die. If Beth did kill me, I’m certain that some of my mom’s wolves would make sure of that. Many of them still considered me like a little brother.
A laugh escaped my lips as I sat down on my bed.
It would take all of my mom’s former clients to stop Beth. Even then, I didn’t like their odds. She had snapped the chains that had held all of them like they were made of paper. The only thing keeping Beth in those chains was Beth. How well would mom’s clients handle her? Chance are that they would be the ones to die…and that was exactly why I needed to read Sam’s journal.

September 12th
I don’t understand. I used to help wolves all the time without having sex with them. Why is it different now? Sam is very insistent, though not forceful, but he won’t let it go.

September 23rd
Things are getting out of hand. Sam has gotten violent recently. I swear I saw him looking at Christopher angrily. And all Christopher did was drop his plate. We have plenty of food. It’s not like we can’t get more. I need to do something. Maybe I can explain to Sam what Charlie’s death did to me. Why Charlie’s death hit me so hard. Maybe he will understand why I can’t be with him.

September 24th.
Sam snapped at me once again. I need to have that conversation. If I just explain to Sam why I can’t have sex with him, maybe he’ll understand.
I’m doing it. Tonight. No more putting it off.

That was the last entry. Because on the night of September 24th, Sam killed my mother.
This journal didn’t help me one bit. Refusing Sam was what got my mother killed, but why did she refuse him? What was it about Charlie that she needed to tell Sam? And why, after all the other wolves, did she suddenly decide not to have sex with them?
These were questions I’d have to answer later. I was tired, and I wasn’t about to even crack the cover on Charlie’s journal. Not today, maybe not ever. I didn’t think I could take that. Whatever had happened to convince Charlie to take his own life, was not something I wanted to read about.
Maybe the simpler solution was to ask Chantelle to give me the broad strokes. She could sugar coat it for me. Make it easier and leave out anything I didn’t need to know about. Yes. That was the solution. If, after talking to her, I still had questions, then I’d read the journal. But not tonight and not tomorrow.
Tomorrow I needed to get on with finding Beth a charge. I was a good substitute, but I could never be more than that. Tamara would kill me if I even expressed my interest in Beth.
I was not allowed to have feelings for her. She was not allowed to have feelings for me.
As I drifted off to sleep, I thought I heard someone downstairs. I was so tired that I just assumed it was Beth getting a snack. She had freedom now, why wouldn’t she get a midnight snack?

Chapter 14
I woke feeling very strange, comfortable but strange. I was on my back, though I don’t usually sleep that way, and something was on my chest. As I looked down, I realized that it wasn’t something, it was someone. It was Beth.
“Beth?” I asked with shock.
“Morning,” she said and stretched, then squeezed my chest tightly before getting up.
She had no clothes on and didn’t seem the slightest bit embarrassed as she climbed out of bed. I also didn’t have any clothes on. The whole thing was strange, very strange. If Tamara was still watching us, she’d kill me for this. This was not just sex. This was so much more, and I didn’t like my odds of talking Tamara out of killing me this time.
Beth pulled on her sweat pants and tee-shirt, then started toward the basement.
“Why were you sleeping on me?” I asked with worry.
Sex, sure. That was a physical need that I could help her with. Sleeping on me without having sex? What was that? Why was she actively disobeying Tamara?
“Oh.” She turned and looked at me. “My other half woke up, and the minute I was lying next to you, she went away again.” She shrugged her shoulders then walked off, still speaking. “Go figure.”
“Beth?” I jumped out of bed, threw on some shorts, and pulled on a tee-shirt as I chased her downstairs. She didn’t even bother to stop, so I stepped in front of her. “You realize that we can’t be together. You get that right? Tamara will kill me before she lets that happen.”
My eyes begged hers for understanding, but she didn’t even seem concerned.
“It’s not like that.” She laughed, then pushed by me as she continued on to the basement.
As I stood at the top of the stairs, looking down at her, I felt the need to add more. Tamara had almost killed me yesterday. If I tried to take Beth for myself, Tamara would finish the job. She’d find a way to make me disappear without Beth knowing. Just like she did with Clara. Then Tamara would find someone else to help Beth. I could not let that happen.
“That’s all it is?” I asked.
“Wolves need physical attention. What else would it be?” She didn’t wait for my response and headed into her room.
What else would it be? Something very dangerous and very harmful.
Sure, I loved waking up with Beth on my chest. Yes, I slept better than I had in quite a while. But I couldn’t let myself overlook the horrible truth of my situation. No matter how much I wanted her, I could not have Beth. Tamara would kill me first. I loved everything about waking up with Beth, but it still didn’t sound like the smartest risk to take.
I needed to find Beth someone and soon. I didn’t believe Beth’s denial of the real reason she was sleeping in my bed. Despite this, I also didn’t think I could lock her in her room anymore. The only way I saw out of this was to let Beth continue on as she was. Let her do what she wanted and find her the perfect man…today.
She could sleep on me, she could have sex with me, but nothing else. As I thought this, I wondered what else there was. What else was involved with loving someone? We held hands. She kissed me once. She clung to my arm when we went out.
DAMN IT!!!
She was falling for me, and possibly worse, I was falling for her!
My feelings aside, I didn’t even want to go there, Beth needed to find someone other than me. Someone better than me. Someone Tamara approved of. And I needed to do it quickly.
As I thought this, my stomach sank. I dreaded what was coming next. Not talking to the two other warlocks. I disliked them, but I could talk to them. The part I was dreading was seeing Beth on a date with either one of them.
Matt was…well, he was more like the accepted image of a wizard than I was. No hat, no robe, but pale and spindly he did well. And he was sort of short too. I’d give it a try, but doubted Beth would approve.
Then there was Sebastian. Even his name pissed me off. Pompous and self-righteous didn’t begin to cover him. Though he was physically more of what Beth was looking for, emotionally, I was not so sure.
Sebastian looked like me, only better. Black hair, taller, built bigger, and he had an accent. He says it’s Australian, I think he’s full of shit. It sounds more British and, truthfully, I think it’s fake. Although we were never close friends, his mother knew my mother. So we’ve spent some time together. I know he’s an American and I don’t recall him ever living anywhere outside the country. But, like I said, we don’t really know each other that well.
Was I really going to set him up on a date with Beth? Desperate times and all that. If neither of these two worked out, we would be heading to Europe. I’d heard that there was a warlock in Finland, one in the Ukraine and one in France. I guess if neither of the American ones worked out, a European dating tour was in my future. And, if that still didn’t work, I had also heard that China had four.
While I made breakfast, I agonized over my call to Matt. Matt was…let’s be blunt. Matt was inept, at best. A warlock, but just barely. He liked water, but I don’t think water liked him. Every spell he tried either backfired, fizzled out, or just plain did something completely random.
Beth came in while I was finishing up our food, and she took her seat, looking like she didn’t have a care in the world.
“Tonight, I’m going to introduce you to Matt.”
She looked up, and disappointment flashed for a second. I didn’t want to feel it, but I did. I couldn’t stop it. For about half a second, I didn’t care about Tamara. All I cared about was Beth. Quickly coming to my senses, I went on.
“You’ll like Matt. He’s very kind and considerate.”
That wasn’t even an exaggeration. Of all the things that Matt couldn’t do right, kindness, he did well. In fact, I’d say the man was almost too kind. He was the kind of guy who would bend over backward if he thought it would make you smile.
As I watched Beth, hoping she’d say yes, my observation about Matt made me laugh a little. When I was around Beth, I acted a lot like Matt. She ordered, I obeyed. And I really liked obeying Beth. Strange coming from a man like me. I had never capitulated like that to anyone, especially not a woman.
She held up her index finger as I slid a plate her way.
“One date. That’s it.”
She started devouring her food, and I sighed. I’d get one shot at this, and though part of me hoped that Beth wouldn’t be happy with Matt, most of me just wanted Beth to be happy with someone.
It could never be me, so why not Matt? He was kind and would treat Beth right. Rationally, I understood why this needed to happen. This didn’t stop the jealous thoughts that slowly invaded my mind. I picked at my oatmeal, and Beth ate silently on the other side of the table. The whole time, I ran through scenarios of how I could get what I wanted. What I really wanted, but couldn’t even tell Beth.
I would disobey Tamara and run off with Beth. We could go into hiding, and I’d find a job at some bar in the middle of nowhere. As my fantasies played out, the reality of my life crept its way back in.
Tamara would find us. There would be no running and no hiding. Not from Tamara.
This revelation stifled my fantasies and put a pit in my stomach.
After breakfast, Beth seemed a little depressed, and I didn’t blame her. I was feeling much the same way. When she went to her room, I headed to my own so I could call Matt in private.

Chapter 15
At six o’clock that night, we met Matt at the same restaurant where I had taken Beth. The steaks were decently good there, and I wanted Beth to get something out of it. She didn’t sound all that convinced about Matt. I could at least buy her a decent meal.
As we walked in the door, Beth stopped, took one look at Matt, then looked up at me with something similar to disappointment. There was also some confusion in her gaze.
Matt was short, maybe only a few inches taller than Beth, and thin. His brown hair was combed and neat. His button-up shirt was crisp, as were his pants. Even his shoes looked like he had taken ten minutes to polish them. Matt really wanted to find a wolf…and Beth nearly tore my arm off as she shot back out the door.
I wanted to follow her but felt the need to comfort Matt. I felt the need to apologize.
“I’m sorry, Matt.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he said with a shrug, then turned to the man seating guests. “Guess it’s a table for one tonight.”
His response made me feel worse. It didn’t even look like he was upset about it. Almost like he expected it.
“You drove over a hundred and fifty miles. I’m worried about it.”
Even my heartfelt words didn’t seem to bother Matt.
“Maybe next time,” he said with a sigh that emphasized some of his disappointment.
“Next time?” I asked and started to smile.
This guy just didn’t give up. I actually started to feel more than sorry for him. I even considered trying to help him find his wolf.
I had known Matt for a few years, but we never really got along. Not that he was ever rude to me, I guess I was just never interested in making friends. My disinterest had apparently been lost on Matt. He acted like we were buddies. If Beth wanted kind, this guy was it.
All my brush offs and ‘maybe another time’ excuses that I'd thrown out over the years hadn’t made Matt cold and angry like I had assumed. And standing in front of him, I was glad that they hadn’t. Perhaps I would try to help Matt. Though I doubted I could find him a female wolf, a female witch that was interested in him might not be too hard to find. There were plenty of women who wanted a man like Matt.
I had taken his demeanor as weak and capitulating, and maybe it was, but then again, maybe that wasn't such a bad thing. It would be far easier to find a woman who wanted a man like Matt than the impossible man Beth was looking for. If that man even existed.
“I’ll find a wolf someday. You wait and see, Chris.” He smiled at me, yet again enforcing the idea that he thought we were friends. Then he looked out the window with concern. “Your wolf is getting away.”
I snapped my head around to see Beth pulling on the door handle to my car. I had locked it.
“She’s not my wolf,” I explained as I shot out the door, hoping Beth wouldn’t pull my car door off. She looked pretty pissed for some reason.
And yes, I did hear Matts laugh of disbelief at my words. I even knew he saw what I was trying to hide. But that could never be. Beth could not be mine. I could not be hers. Despite how badly I wanted both of those things.
I rushed out the door and across the parking lot. All my thoughts of helping Matt vanished as I watched Beth start to pull on my door handle even harder. It was really starting to look like my car would no longer have a passenger door.
“Just a second. It’s locked.” I was loud as I sprinted across the parking lot, and when Beth heard me, she spun. She was as angry as I'd seen her yet, and I didn’t even understand why.
“Are you not listening to me?! Are you deaf?! Or, do you not even care what I say?!”
She released her door handle, and I quickly unlocked it for her.
As she got in, I started to explain. The whole time, I was nearly sprinting to make it to my side.
“He’s very kind. Extremely compassionate. He’s a really nice guy.” I was grasping at straws, and I knew it, but these things were all true. Matt was nearly what Beth wanted, but apparently, his size was non-negotiable.
“Just take me home.”
She huffed, then pushed her seat back and put her hands to her head. She was so furious that I’m not sure she could even think straight.
And what did I do to help her? While I drove along the highway, I just kept on blabbering. Annoying the werewolf inside of her.
“Matt is almost perfect. I mean…he only has a few things that you didn’t like. Right?” I asked and saw her hands cover her eyes. Then I heard the beginnings of a frustrated growl starting, but she cut it short.
“Stop the damn car!” she shouted and sat up. Her seat popped up behind her, and she looked at me with fury. Even her eyes were nearly glowing. The fangs in her mouth were completely exposed.
“Here?” I asked.
We were in the middle of nowhere. The highway was dark, and there was barely even a shoulder to pull over on. At least the moon was half full. I could see a field to our right and it didn’t look too terrible. At least I wouldn’t be sliding down an embankment or anything.
“Right…fucking…here!” she shouted, the whole time clenching her teeth.
That was when I realized that I was once again making her wolf want to kill me.
Without pause, I pulled over. Not really caring that I might hit something as the passenger tire went from pavement to the dirt in the field beside us. While I put the car in park, intending to beg her to explain what was wrong, she shot from the car.
Beth was wearing the same dress she had worn when we went out before, and she actually looked a little silly stomping barefoot through the rocky field beside the highway. Even the prickly bushes and sparse cacti in the field didn’t bother Beth. She was apparently too angry with me to care.
I got out and walked slowly to her side of the car, then leaned back and waited. It was just too amusing, and we were at least ten miles from home. What was she intending to do? Walk home?
I’m sure she could do it if she wanted to, and if she knew where we were. But I doubted she had any idea where my home was, and I seriously doubted that she wanted to walk home. Something about the whole situation told me that there was another motive at work here. Too bad I didn’t figure it out sooner.
“Beth?” I asked loudly, and she stopped. Then I laughed. “You’re going the wrong way.”
Ok, probably not the brightest idea to tease an angry werewolf, but sometimes I do stupid things. She was, in fact, going the wrong way, but I probably shouldn’t have teased her about it. Instead of changing directions, she just stood there, facing away from me. But at least she had stopped.
I heard the soft sounds of what I thought might be crying, coming from my beautiful companion. Then I saw her hands raise to her face and felt horrible. I started toward her, intending to provide her with some comfort. Assuming I could talk my way out of this. But, while I walked closer, I started to realize that it was not sobs I was hearing. That was when I started to suspect what was happening. I realized a moment too late how stupid my words were. I had made it nearly to Beth before I completely recognized that the sound I was hearing was Beth attempting to stop her transformation.
This was the reason she needed me to stop. And the reason for her shooting from the car. I had pissed the wolf off so much that Beth couldn’t contain her any longer.
I completely understood when she turned, eyes red, fangs showing, and her face somewhat more wolf-like. I also didn’t blame Beth when she lunged for me, knocking me to the ground and landing on top of me.
I didn’t struggle, I didn’t scream, and I kept my stupid mouth shut. My comments had caused this and I knew better than to panic or fight back. Mom had taught me well. I also came to the realization, as I laid on the rocky ground, that I deserved this. So, I just went limp and looked her in the eyes.
When I saw the wolf start to calm down, I spoke as calmly as I could.
“Beth. I made a mistake. I’m sorry.” I was pleading with her but tried to keep my tone even. I think my voice wavered a little but thankfully, Beth’s wolf didn’t seem to notice.
Human Beth started to reemerge from the wolf-girl in front of me. Her eyes looked down at me, once again human, and her anger seemed to lessen.
“He’s not what I want.” 
I could see the restraint it took as the wolf and Beth had another internal argument. Another disagreement that was, yet again, my fault.
Then I saw something change in her. That look, the one from the restaurant the other night. The one I couldn’t quite place was back. And as Beth’s face came closer to mine, I finally understood what it was.
I didn’t even try to object as Beth’s lips found mine. Tamara was nowhere near us, and that emboldened me.
Beth’s hands found my face as my arms wrapped around her. She leaned to the side, letting me know that I was to follow her. As we rolled, I ended up on top of her, and our lips never parted.
I had never felt a kiss like this one, and I didn’t want it to end. Somehow it felt like more than a kiss. It was a wordless conversation. Beth letting me know her secret. Too bad I was too oblivious to see it at the time.
While our tongues danced, I felt her hands slide from my face, down to my waist. The next moment she was pulling my shirt up. I didn’t object, and I certainly didn’t try to stop her.
Then, without warning, something in Beth changed again. She pushed me off of her, then stormed back to the car. The anger on her face was back, but it was somewhat different. What had I done wrong this time?
“He’s not what I want!” she shouted again, but this time there was something different in her tone. Something that begged me to hear what she was really trying to say. What she couldn’t say. And I was still clueless.
“I’ll try harder!” I shouted after her, but it was not what she wanted to hear.
She slammed the car door, and I hurried to follow her.
When I reached the car and got inside, it enforced my assessment of things. Beth sat in the passenger side, not crying, not angry, but very upset. I had done something wrong, even though I had no clue what it was. Without another word, I drove her home.
I still remember this night but not with fondness. Every time I recall this night, it is with guilt and regret. The night my stupidity hit an all-time high. Had I just done something different, said something different. Maybe what came next would never have happened. But I’m getting ahead of myself.
-----
That night, I woke at a little after one. I had completely changed my sleeping schedule to accommodate Beth, and I was a pretty sound sleeper. This gave me the impression that Beth had intentionally been a little rough as she got into bed, in the hopes of waking me.
“Oh, sorry. Didn’t mean to wake you,” Beth apologized as she removed her elbow from my stomach. “I tripped.”
Now I understand a woman tripping on my shoes that I left at the side of my bed. A human woman. Not a werewolf. Not a woman who could see in the dark and was one of the most graceful creatures ever born. She did it on purpose. Still, I had done enough to Beth this evening, and I forgave her right away. I had done enough in the last few days to instantly forgive almost anything from this woman. Not calling her out for intentionally stabbing me with her rock-solid elbow, that was easy.
“Don’t worry about it,” I replied.
I noticed that she didn’t have any clothes on again and was instantly aroused, but Beth had other things in mind. She slid under the covers then eased her hand onto my chest while she forced me to lay on my back. Not that I put up much of a fight and not that it would have mattered if I had. Beth was considerably stronger than any werewolf I had ever met.
“Is this what you need?” I asked, very poorly covering what I wanted. And I knew she understood by the way she answered.
“For now.”
There was even a small giggle afterward. She knew exactly what I was insinuating. Despite this, she was fast asleep in under a minute, leaving me frustrated and wide awake. I guess I deserved it for how I had treated her earlier in the evening.
It took me a good hour to calm down and finally fall asleep. Beth’s quiet snores, as she squeezed my chest, probably helped. Though she was also the reason I couldn’t get back to sleep. Every time I was almost asleep, I’d hear sensual noises coming from her and her hand would slide its way downward, almost touching me. Then it would make its way back to my chest as she calmed. And although this was the most torturous of the punishments, I guess I sort of deserved this one too.
Chapter 16
In the morning, I woke, but Beth wasn’t on my chest. For a few minutes, I just laid there with my eyes closed, remembering the warmth of Beth’s body next to mine. The lack of sex had been more profound and far more dangerous than I had imagined. I knew for sure now. I was falling for Beth.
I’m usually not one for the small details about a woman. Likely why my longest relationship was only two weeks long. But that morning, as my eyes refused to open, and my mind went over every sensation of Beth’s body beside me. I knew it was true.
Even remembering the smell of her hair produced feelings I'd never had before. Warm feelings. Nervous feelings. I had always heard it described as having butterflies in your stomach but never understood it. Not until that morning.
The sensation of her small hand brushing across my abdomen. Would any woman’s touch ever feel like that? The sensation of her eyelashes as they fluttered in her sleep and almost tickled my chest. Surely, I’d felt that many times. I’ve had my share of women in my bed. Why hadn’t I ever noticed this remarkable sensation before?
Then there was the warm feeling I got when she moaned in her sleep. I could feel the vibration of her muffled voice against my side and hoped that I was the cause of it. I wished that her noises were because the dream version of me was giving her more than the real version was allowed.
I must have laid there for ten minutes going over every sensation and every sound Beth made that night.
Then I opened my eyes and realized that Beth was standing beside the bed. She was completely naked and staring at me. Did she know what I was thinking about? Or was she having the same thoughts about me? Then I realized...there was a third option.
As soon as she saw my eyes open, she smirked then put her hands on her hips, completely unashamed. And she had absolutely no reason to be. Then she spoke in a tone that had me aroused from the first word.
“Morning, Chris.” Her look turned more devious, but at the same time childish as she went on. “I have a question.”
“Yes?” I asked with more enthusiasm than I had intended, and it caused her grin to spread.
“How often do werewolves have to have sex to remain sane?” She paused for effect, still grinning at me in a way that was both childish and womanly. “I’m asking for a friend.”
I played along. Of course I played along.
“You have friends?” I asked, and soon my grin matched hers.
“I have many friends.”
This was just too good and too perfect.
“So. This friend. Who is he?” I asked, knowing the answer.
“She.”
“You do realize that you are the first female werewolf born in almost a hundred years.”
I sat up, and the sheet that was covering me slid. Although she kept grinning, keeping up the act, her eyes soon found the real reason for her question, as well as my answer.
“Ok, I lied. I’m asking for me.”
“Well, there is no set amount. It’s not like you have to have sex twice a week to remain sane. It’s different for everyone.”
I was just making stuff up. I had no idea how often a wolf needed sex. I just couldn’t help but play along with Beth.
“So. It could be once a day.” Her eyes made their way back up as she went on. “It could be twice a day.” When her eyes reached my face, they stopped. “It could be once a month.” She almost laughed at the frown this produced on my face. “Or...it could be whenever I feel like it.”
The way that she let the words drag out and the look on her face, that was turning less childlike and more seductive, made the butterflies come back. And to think, yesterday I had no idea what ‘butterflies in your stomach’ even felt like. Today, I could not escape them.
Yes, there was sexual desire there. It was Beth, and she was gorgeous. Of course there was. There was just so much more. A feeling of wanting the other person that I have never experienced with any other woman. I didn’t just want her body. Sometimes, with other women, I didn’t really care who the woman was. I just wanted a warm female body. Right now, only Beth would do.
Not because Beth was more beautiful than the other women I’ve been with. Although that was true, that wasn’t why. I wanted this ‘other’ feeling. The one that came along with the fuzzy feeling in my stomach. The warmth when I looked into Beth’s eyes. The complete and total happiness. The feeling of self-worth I felt when I knew that Beth wanted me.
I waited, almost shaking with anticipation, and it looked like Beth was enjoying every second of it. Then she finally spoke.
“Stand up.”
I didn’t say a word, obeying Beth’s command instantly. My quick reaction producing a look of surprise on Beth’s face.
“Do you act like this with all the girls?”
Her words worried me. I needed to set this straight. Beth was like no other ‘girl’ I’d ever been with. And no, I have never acted like this with anyone else.
“I…”
She didn’t let me finish. Instead, she put both her hands on my chest and pushed. I fell back on the bed, not struggling at all. Whatever she wanted me to do, I’d do it.
“That was rhetorical.”
My feet were still on the floor, my head nearly against the wall, and I was sideways on the bed. This did not discourage Beth in the slightest. Perhaps this was how she wanted me.
“Shall we have a little light?” she asked and reached for the shade on my bedroom window.
I panicked.
“Wait!” I shouted, and she stopped.
The confused look filled me with embarrassment. The one thing I’d never told anyone. Mom knew, but she was my mom. I hadn’t even told Chantelle this secret. And Chantelle was about as close to a best friend as I had.
Beth stopped and waited for me to explain.
“I’m terrified of heights,” I blurted out, and it made Beth snicker.
“Seriously?” she asked with a laugh. “We’re just on the second floor.”
“Believe me, if you want me to remain conscious, you’ll leave the shade closed.”
She moved her hand to the string for the shade and acted like she was going to pull it up. The entire time she was watching my face. I must have cringed because she laughed once more before letting go of the string.
“You’re not kidding, are you?”
“Nope,” I replied, feeling the relief as she forgot about the window.
I was still embarrassed by my admission, but she was still naked. All thoughts of embarrassment vanished as she moved toward me.
She straddled me slowly, tossing her hair back, and making a silly face as she spoke again.
“No sunlight, then.”
She inched her face closer to mine.
“I…” I started, but she cut me off.
“When I want to hear from you, you’ll know. Until then, shut the hell up.”
The smirk at the end told me that this was part of the game. My irrational fear of heights apparently had no effect on her interest in me. In fact, I think it amused her more than anything. It certainly didn’t turn her off.
She paused for a moment to make sure that I was obeying the rules. She was positioned in my lap, but I was not inside of her. Just the feeling of her pushing against me was both torturous and erotic.
In an effort to show her that I was listening, I put my hands up beside my head, palms up. If I was standing, I would have looked like I was surrendering to her, which I was.
“That’s a good boy.”
Then she looked between her legs, and when her gaze returned to my face, her look was less demanding and more lustful.
“Not a boy. Definitely not a boy.”
The seconds seemed to stretch into hours as I waited. When she was finally satisfied that I was all hers, she reached between her legs, and I could feel her fingers on me. She wasn’t quick about it, perhaps savoring the moment. Or maybe she was trying to tease me even further. Seeing exactly how long I’d wait before I tried to speed things up.
“When we’re not here…” Her eyes motioned over my body, and I understood what she meant by here. “You’re the boss. But in the bedroom, you do everything I say…when I say it. Understand?”
I still wasn’t sure she wanted to hear my voice, so I nodded my head. This bought me a smile and her grip tightened a little. Not painfully, just enough to let me know that I was pleasing her.
“You’re a fast learner.”
As she spoke, she lifted herself up, and the anticipation drove me nuts. It seemed like she was enjoying being in charge. I wanted to know why this was so important to her, but I knew that I shouldn’t speak. Afterward, maybe I could ask.
Then she looked down at me with disappointment, and my stomach fell. What had I done wrong?!
“I’m not sure you’ve been good enough for this yet.”
Then she removed herself from my lap and released her grasp on me. I have never felt so…unworthy in all my life. Then she let her smile slip out for a second, and the relief I felt was beyond description. This was also part of the game.
“You need to do penance first. Put your head up by the headboard.”
My heart pounded. Only seconds ago, it was because I was terrified that I had done something horrible to disappoint her, now it was the excitement of anticipation. I didn’t even wait a full second. I was laying with my head against the headboard and feet at the bottom of the bed before she could change her mind.
“Scoot down a little,” she ordered.
I pushed on the headboard and slid myself down.
“Better.”
What did she have in mind? What reason could she have for changing positions? Then I got my answer.
As Beth’s right knee landed beside my ear, and the left took its position on the other side, I knew exactly what my penance would be.
“Now, if you do a good job…” She started but I was reaching the limits of my patience.
With a quick motion, I grabbed her wonderfully muscular ass and forced her within reach of my tongue.
“Oh fuck!” she exclaimed as she grabbed the headboard with enough force to crack the wood. Thankfully she had been a little more restrained when she was grabbing me.
Beth was silent for a while, only making soft noises as I preformed my penance with enthusiasm. Then, as her hips started to move up and down, and my hands tried to make that wonderful ass sit still, she started to speak again.
“Damn, you’re good. Oh, shit. Oh…shit. Wait…let me go. I want…”
This time I didn’t obey. There was no way I was releasing her. Not unless she made me. I gripped her well-formed ass more tightly. Then I heard the headboard complaining again as her hands gripped the wood. I also heard her breath pick up speed, and her soft noises started to become more like cries of pleasure.
In seconds, her whole body stiffened as my tongue worked away. Her rhythmic cries stretched out into a long moan that soon started to sound like a growl from her wolf side. Then, all the sounds stopped, and her legs relaxed. I even heard the headboard complain again as her steel grip released it.
Instinctively, I released my grip as well, and she sat on my chest, looking down at me with appreciation.
“You’ve been bad. I told you to release me, and you didn’t listen.”
A few moments ago, I might have panicked at these words. But the look on her face, coupled with my new understanding about the rules of ‘the game’, let me relax. Whatever my punishment was, I was probably going to love every second of it.
With a graceful leap, she was off my chest and standing beside the bed. Perhaps my assessment of her as some kind of gymnast wasn’t that far off. She was a werewolf. A gymnast would be put to shame by her grace and control.
“Go to the basement and grab a chair.”
I did not hesitate. I was out of the room before she could give me another order or chastising look. When I returned, Beth was still standing, hands on her hips. As I waited for instructions, her eyes looked over my body, and I think she was having second thoughts about punishing me.
“Sit down.”
I placed the chair in front of her and sat on it.
“I was going to have you do the same thing you did our first time…but…”
Her look was so lustful and wanting. As her eyes made their way to my lap, I was very satisfied with being me.
Without another word, she was in my lap once more, this time facing me. Her lips only inches from mine. Her eyes told me that she was going to kiss me before I felt her warm lips. I knew it was a mistake, but at that moment, I didn’t care.
Her kisses were like nothing I’d ever experienced. We’d shared one short kiss and one wonderful one. What would the third be like? Would it overshadow the other two? I felt my pulse quicken as the seconds stretched on. Every moment, her lips drawing closer to mine.
When they met, my only thoughts were of her soft, warm lips. While her tongue wrestled with mine, I was oblivious to everything else. Even her hand as it gripped me, but the shock as she slid herself down onto me, could not be ignored.
I breathed in sharply as I entered her, and she sighed at the same time, our lips only parting slightly. Afterward, I could feel her smile as her thighs came to rest in my lap and I was completely inside of her.
The hand that had been gripping me made its way to the back of my head. Then she gripped my hair as our lips parted, and I could finally see the smile I had produced. Then she leaned to my ear and whispered into it.
“I’ll try not to bite, but I’m not guaranteeing anything.”
After her admission, her hands slid to my shoulders, and she began lifting herself slowly at first. Then, as her sighs picked up in pitch and volume, so did her motions. In a few moments, she was moving at a pace that threatened to shatter my tenuous grip on the explosion of pleasure that was building inside me.
“Slow down,” I begged, but this only made her laugh.
“You don’t give the orders in here. Remember?”
Instead of slowing, she went faster. Slamming into my lap and pulling her face away so she could see my expression.
Once again, her hands found their way to my head. She held my gaze on her eyes, and she finally started to slow, but only because she could see that I was about to lose my grip.
“Cum for me,” she whispered in a low voice that drove me insane.
That was all I could take. I could no longer see her face. The blinding light had blocked out everything. And I had thought last time was intense. If I had been a werewolf and holding onto her hips like I was, I would have hurt her.
As my body tensed underneath her, she kept moving up and down until she knew that it was over. Then she pulled herself off of me and smiled deviously.
“You are a little disobedient at times. We’ll have to work on that.”
While she headed out of the room, I assumed she was going for a shower, I just sat there pondering everything. I didn’t even move from the chair for a solid five minutes.
The way she spoke to me, the way she treated me. I was in control of nothing, and I loved every second of it. Why had I never realized that this was what I wanted? Why did it take some woman, who I could not have, to make me realize what I really wanted?
Then a sinking feeling came over me as I understood the words completely.
Beth was not ‘some woman’. Beth was ‘THE woman’. It had nothing to do with what we did or how we did it. It was her. Everything that produced so much excitement and anticipation wouldn’t be the same if it was any other woman. I was in serious trouble. I was in love with Beth!

Chapter 17
I took a shower after Beth, then headed downstairs to start breakfast. I’m sure Beth could cook. I just didn’t want her to. It was the one thing I hadn’t screwed up.
As I made my way down the stairs, I went over everything I had done to make things worse for Beth.
I blabbered like a fool many times, angering her wolf. I tried to ignore mom’s edicts on helping wolves, which ended up harming Beth even more. I even tried to set her up with a man that was completely wrong for her. Then there was the worst thing I’d done yet. I had fallen in love with her.
How in the world was I going to find her another man when all I wanted was to keep her to myself? How would that cloud my judgments and decisions from here on in?
When I walked into the kitchen, I had my head down. I was actually pondering telling Beth how I felt. Just to see how she would react. Then, as I looked up to find Beth, I saw Tamara standing behind her.
Beth looked terrified. Tamara looked…as evil as ever.
“Are you even trying to find her a man?” Tamara asked, much more reserved than the last two times she spoke to me. Yet there was still that layer of disgust in her voice.
“I…we…Matt wasn’t what she wanted,” I finally managed to say.
“Mathew isn’t what anyone wants,” Tamara answered with disdain.
Though I didn’t agree with Tamara, I was not about to vocalize my objections. I knew of several women who might leap at the chance to spend their lives with a man so willing to appease them. I just wasn’t about to tell Tamara that.
“I’m trying,” I groveled.
I still didn’t understand the look of fear and sadness on Beth’s face. Fear, sure, but sadness?
“Beth and I had a very enlightening conversation. I believe she understands things much better now.”
Beth nodded, still not losing that sad look. What had Tamara said to her?
“I know of another warlock in the U.S., Sebastian. I’ll call him,” I said, trying to appease Tamara and trying to ignore the look on Beth’s face.
Beth stood. Her look of sadness still confused me. It almost looked like pain as she spoke.
“Call him right now. Set up a date for tonight.”
“Like…right now?” I asked.
I stared into Beth’s eyes, hoping, wanting. Her response made my heart fall out of my body.
“Yes. Right now. Go get your phone,” Beth said with the same sadness that seemed to have no reason behind it.
I obeyed, and as I approached the stairs, I heard Tamara talking to Beth.
“You’ll see. This is the best thing. You can’t have Chris. And I know Sebastian. You’ll love him.”
“You promise that you won’t hurt Chris if I find someone else?”
“I won’t touch him. All you have to do is find someone who isn’t Chris, and I’ll guarantee that Chris lives a long and healthy life. If you continue like this…I’m not sure how long Chris has left.”
That was the reason for Beth’s sudden urgency. And the reason behind her sadness. Even though it made me happy that Beth might have feelings for me, I was stuck. There was nothing I could do. I couldn’t stop Tamara. Beth couldn’t stop Tamara. And if we kept on like this, I would die.
That, in itself, wasn’t so horrible. Like I said, the fear of death is a part of my life on a daily basis. The part that was unbearable was what would happen to Beth. If Beth had fallen for me and I died. Beth would surely die too. Either by her hand or someone else’s. That part didn’t sit well with me.
Now I know what you’re thinking. No, I’m not that arrogant. I don’t believe that I’m that special. Not special enough that a woman would commit suicide because she loved me. But Beth was not a normal woman. Beth was a werewolf. Werewolves mate for life. Unconditionally, unequivocally. They find one person, and that is all. There is never a second chance. If the person they love dies, they would rather be dead.
Knowing what I know about werewolves, I couldn’t do that to Beth. I couldn’t keep going on like this until she was in love with me either. That would be too cruel. Hell, I was in love with her and didn’t see an end to it. Why would I want to do that to her?
I doubted I’d ever get over Beth, but I would not be subjecting her to the same fate. It was time for her to find her charge. If it was Sebastian, it was Sebastian. At least Beth could be happy. Even if I could never be happy again.

Chapter 18
We met Sebastian at a different restaurant that night. It was Sebastian’s idea. He was a vegetarian and didn’t want the ‘stench’ of steak as he was enjoying his meal. So, we ended up at a vegetarian place. The menu was…lacking.
I sat beside Beth, who was across from Sebastian, at a booth. I’m sure everyone thought that Beth and I were together, meeting with our friend. They couldn’t have been further from the truth, even though I wished that was the case.
Sebastian’s fake accent didn’t seem to disturb Beth, at least not that she showed. She even seemed interested in his six-foot-two physique and short black hair. His bulging muscles probably didn’t hurt her perception of him either. Still, every once in a while, she would give me a pleading look. Almost like she was silently apologizing for showing interest in Sebastian. Maybe even trying to get me to understand a hidden truth that she was too afraid to say out loud.
It was weird, but by the time our food arrived, I was certain that Beth was hiding something. Something she was desperately trying to get me to see. I just couldn’t figure out what it was.
When she was speaking to Sebastian, she was kind, polite, and attentive. Certainly not the Beth I knew. The Beth I had come to know was argumentative and never backed away from telling me how she really felt. But, then again, that was usually in private. Perhaps she’d act like that with Sebastian when they were alone.
A phrase had never caused as much pain as that one. ‘When they were alone.’ I have never wanted to pull my brain from my head as much as I did when I pictured the two of them alone. But, for Beth, I’d endure this night of torture.
Beth again wore the black outfit that I loved. It was the only dressy outfit she had at my house. Sebastian only seemed moderately interested in her stunning form. Me, on the other hand, had a hard time ignoring her looks. Which brought back memories of that very morning. The perfect dress she wore only reminded me of how beautiful she was without it.
When the waiter arrived with our food, if you could call it that, I started paying attention to the conversation that had gone on without me. While Beth picked at her bean salad, she spoke to Sebastian.
“So, is your house big?”
“Oh, it’s very large.”
It was surprising to me how this man could have more enthusiasm for his house than he had for the amazing woman sitting beside me.
“And is there a room for me? I mean, while we get to know each other.”
“Oh, yes. I have five bedrooms and no one to fill them. You can pick any you like.”
It sure sounded like Beth was planning on moving in soon. Before she even knew if she wanted Sebastian or not. And maybe that was a good idea. I was only clouding things for her. If she stayed much longer, she might fall prey to the same malady that afflicted me. Love.
We still had several dates in front of us though. So, at least I’d get to spend a little more time with Beth. Maybe a couple weeks…and then I’d have to say goodbye.
“What do you do for a living?” Beth asked.
Smart. Find out if he can support her. Not like I could support Beth. If she was with me, she’d have to get a job. I was a manager for a bar. It wasn’t like I was piling money under my mattress to hide from the IRS. I was lucky if there was two-hundred bucks in my savings by the time I bought food and paid the bills.
“I…” The way Sebastian paused made me worry. But Beth didn’t seem to share my skepticism. “I promote sporting events.”
“Oh. So you do pretty well?”
“I do more than pretty well.”
The arrogance and pride that oozed from Sebastian almost made me lose my sad excuse for food all over the table.
At that point, I just wanted to get away from Sebastian. I also didn’t want to see Beth eating up every compliment Sebastian was giving himself. It was sickening. So, I excused myself and went to the bathroom.
I smirked at myself in the mirror as I washed my hands.
Surely Beth would lose interest in this guy quickly. He was physically attractive, but his attitude was disgusting. I mean, how many times can you flaunt your wealth? The answer? More times than I care to count.
And taking a werewolf to a vegetarian restaurant? Come on. How insensitive can this guy be? Beth needed meat, eggs, and more meat. She was a carnivore at heart. I even think she tried my oatmeal just to be kind. I quickly remedied that situation with eggs and bacon for every breakfast afterward. Would Sebastian be so thoughtful? I think not.
Then, as I left the bathroom, I knew what I had to do. We needed to go to Europe. Perhaps that might even be far enough that Tamara wouldn’t follow us. In Europe, I could find her the perfect man. Maybe even get to spend more time with her. Not that I didn’t understand the urgency of finding her a man that wasn’t me, I think maybe my selfish side was just clouding my judgment.
That was when I saw Beth standing beside the table, hand on Sebastian’s arm. The disappointment and pain I felt was far beyond anything I’d experienced yet.
When I finally made my way back to the table, Beth turned to me with that same look of sadness. And it was clear that she was intentionally hiding it from Sebastian.
“I’m going home with Sebastian.”
My chin nearly hit the floor. And so did my shriveling heart.
“But…” I stammered.
“I’ll come get my things tomorrow. I’m sure you’re excited to get rid of me.”
Was this a test? How should I answer that? I wanted to shout. I wanted to scream. I desperately wanted to get on my hands and knees and beg Beth to stay. Instead, Sebastian spoke before I could.
“No need. We’ll just buy you new things.” The way he beamed at his statement enforced my feelings about him. He was showing off his wealth once more. “And please. Call me Bass. Everyone does.”
No, everyone did not call him Bass! No one even liked him! He had no friends, not that I knew of. And even if he did have friends. No one would call him Bass. A bass is a fish. Not someone’s name.
“You sure this is a good idea?” I asked, still wanting to shout and beg for her to stay, but I kept it together. I had messed up so often that I felt the need to reign in my distaste for her decision.
“This will be better for the both of us.” Once again, I caught the strange look of a secret that I should know but didn’t. What was she insinuating?
Was she just trying to save my life? Why? She didn’t have to go to such drastic measures. A promising date would surely keep Tamara at bay. Beth didn’t have to move in with him to prove that I was doing my job.
“You’re really sure about this?” I asked again, hoping that she would change her mind.
Instead of Beth, Sebastian answered. And he wasn’t so kind to me.
“She’s sure. Now run along, Chris.”
Even the way he said my name was hateful. Beth’s response was not.
“I want to thank you for everything you did for me, Chris.” Then her sad look changed. “I’ll never forget you. Never.”
With her words, she left a kiss on my cheek. A kiss that nearly made me cry, and I finally understood the secret she had been trying to tell me all night. The secret she had been trying to get me to see for the last few days. How stupid can one man be? The answer. There are few men who are as stupid as I had been in the last few days. Fewer still as clueless as me. Because I finally understood what should have been plain to see. I wasn’t the only one in love.
This was the reason for her urge to be away from me. Staying with me would be too hard. She couldn’t have me. I couldn’t have her. Tamara would never let us be happy. Hell, Tamara wouldn’t even let me live.
While Sebastian walked the love of my life out the door, I flopped into the booth, and this time I knew it with certainty. I’d never be happy again.

Chapter 19
I woke at noon the next day. Not wanting to face the reality of my life. My house was empty, but it was more than an empty house. I was empty.
My reason for getting up in the morning was gone. The woman who made me feel things I’d never felt before…was with someone else.
I wondered if Sebastian would treat her kindly. Would he give her enough steak? Would he even allow her to eat steak? Or would she be forced to sneak it into her room when he wasn’t watching?
Beth’s solution to our problem was far from perfect, but it was her solution. I had no room to judge her, nor was I going to fight for her. It would only cause us both more pain. Mine physical. Hers emotional.
If I even tried to convince Beth to stay with me, I’m sure that Tamara would kill me. I probably wouldn’t even make it to Sebastian’s house. Tamara seemed to be very good at spying on me. I was also certain that she was outside my house right at that moment, making sure I didn’t chase after Beth.
Instead of chasing after Beth, what I really wanted to do, I decided to speak to Chantelle. It was time I heard the story about Charlie. Perhaps it was just an attempt to hurt myself more. Feeling all this pain about losing Beth, I just wanted to pile it on and be really miserable.
It took me nearly an hour to shower, I only got out after the water was cold. Not saying that I cried a lot in the shower, but there were tears. Tears of self-pity and self-loathing for how horrible my life would now be. Like I said, I wanted to be miserable.
When I opened the door to the bar, Chantelle was once again sitting with her feet on the counter, watching TV. Today her outfit was less obnoxious. She had on blue jeans with many holes and a white tee-shirt, also with many holes. Both chains were in place today, and she looked like some sort of torture victim or bondage wannabe. Her lipstick was still black and today it seemed like she had on white face paint or something. She just looked a lot paler than normal.
“Afternoon, Chris,” she said without taking her eyes off the TV.
I listened to the narrator as I moved toward a seat on the other side of the bar.
“Werewolves are very real,” the man said. “The government keeps their existence a secret because they are training them to fight wars for us. Imagine a soldier that can heal from almost any wound.”
The picture on the screen was a sketch of a werewolf. This was apparently a low budget documentary. As the man was speaking, I saw Chantelle’s eyes roll.
“What an idiot!” she said, then spun to face me, her feet slapping on the floor.
That was when I noticed she had on sneakers instead of combat boots today. With a wave of her hand, the TV was silent.
Chantelle was a decently skilled witch. Not Tamara powerful, but I wouldn’t want to piss Chantelle off. She certainly outclassed me.
“So, Chris. What’s up? Figured you’d be spending all your time with…Beth”
The way she said Beth’s name was both heartbreaking and endearing. I ached from the reality of never being with Beth. But the fact that Chantelle had seen it long before I had even admitted it made me smile.
“Beth found her charge.”
Yes, I was moping. I even lowered my head as I said it. Then I flopped into my seat.
“Your mom was like this every time. Well…except for Charlie.”
The mention of his name didn’t have the same effect on me this time. I was too preoccupied with losing Beth. The pain had reached a new high, and I felt like my chest was trying to suffocate me. In a way, I wanted it to succeed. At least it would be over.
“He’s why I’m here.” I finally looked up at her, and her cheerful demeanor faded in an instant.
“Oh shit. You’re serious.”
“I need to know why Charlie committed suicide.”
Strange how I’d never even had the courage to say those words before. Mom and I never spoke about it. We attended the funeral, then neither of us said a word. Each choosing to mourn separately and silently. But, the new level of misery I found myself in today, begged for me to pile on more.
“How much do you want to know?” Chantelle was completely serious now. Something I rarely saw from her.
“Tell me all of it.”
If I was going to hurt, I was going to hurt a lot. Maybe it would distract me from the pain of losing Beth.
“Ok…umm…where to start?”
Chantelle seemed nervous. Another thing I never saw from her. At least not until today.
I focused on her face, and this seemed to solidify something in Chantelle. She lost her nervousness and a sadness replaced it.
“What happened?” she asked, realizing that there was a reason for my curiosity.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” I did, but at the same time, I didn’t.
I wanted to blurt out all my feelings to Chantelle. Let her know just how heartbroken I was, but then I realized that it would make me feel better. And I didn’t want to feel better.
“Well, your mom and Charlie were very close,” Chantelle started.
I could see that she was trying to cover for mom. I didn’t need her to cover.
“I know mom had sex with her clients.”
The look I got from Chantelle was confusing. It was compassionate. Why?
“I don’t think you understand. Your mom had sex with her clients, yes. With Charlie, it was something else.”
This got my attention. Charlie had been more than just sex?
“What do you mean?”
I was pretty certain I knew what she meant, I just needed her to say it.
“At first, your mom would come in for a drink and avoid talking about him. That gave me my first clue. She always talked about her clients, but not with Charlie.”
I nodded, and she went on.
“Then, when I finally brought him up, it all spilled out. Your mom was in love with Charlie.”
“Really?”
Maybe my reaction was a little too enthusiastic. It made Chantelle laugh.
“Here I thought you’d be upset. A man Charlie’s age with your mother…taking your dad’s place?”
Chantelle didn’t understand me as well as I thought. Dad was dad. Charlie was Charlie. There was no overlap in my mind. Charlie would not have taken dad’s place because Charlie had his own place.
“I might have been upset if it was someone else. Not with Charlie.”
My words seemed to ease Chantelle. And maybe she understood, maybe she didn’t. Still, she went on with her story.
“Your mom pushed him away. She was sure that she was making a mistake and harming Charlie in some way. I hadn’t met Charlie at this point, so I had no idea.”
“No idea about what?”
This seemed urgent, and my words might have been a little loud because of it.
“The night your mother thought she had found Charlie his charge. The night he…”
Chantelle paused, looked at me, then went on.
“He stopped by the bar for a drink. First time I’d ever met him. After a few drinks, he started to talk about this woman he was in love with. I still didn’t know who he was or who he was talking about.”
“He loved mom?”
I think my voice was getting louder with every question.
“He did. I just didn’t know who he was talking about. And I gave him some advice. I told him to forget about everything and go find this woman. Tell her how he felt. Maybe she felt the same way but was also afraid to talk about it.”
Then Chantelle was silent. I waited patiently for her to finish. After a few moments, she went on again.
“I heard the news about an hour later. He hadn’t listened to me. Somehow in his mind, he couldn’t be with her. Maybe the age, maybe the situation. People who help werewolves are forbidden from keeping the wolf. It’s not like a law, but everyone knows that it is against the rules. Taking advantage of them and things like that.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. I knew exactly what she meant.
“Charlie’s solution was to end the pain in the only way he knew how. Werewolves are not what you call emotionally stable. And love can make sane people do crazy things.”
It was strange how calm I was. I had always thought that I’d be upset and crying when I heard Charlie’s tale. The weird part was, I understood him. Love sucked. Being in love with someone you couldn’t be with, sucked more!
“Are you ready to tell me what’s wrong?” Chantelle asked, then leaned her elbows on the counter and planted her face in her hands.
“Beth and I…” I didn’t know how to begin, but my words made Chantelle smile. “And I just sent her to live with another man.”
“Oh.” Chantelle’s smile vanished, and her head shot up. “Does she love you?” 
“I think so.” I wasn’t entirely sure, but I believed that it was what she was implying.
Strangely, Chantelle didn’t leap over the counter this time. She walked slowly around it until she was beside me. Then she put her hand on my shoulder and looked at me with a smirk.
“Are you dumb?”
I couldn’t help but smile back as she went on.
“You met the first female werewolf in a hundred years. You fell in love with her. And then you sent her to live with someone else? Never mind. You are dumb. You’d have an easier time winning the lottery than falling in love with a female werewolf that might love you back.”
“But the rules? What should I do?”
I asked, but again I knew the answer. I just needed to hear Chantelle say it. Just to make sure I wasn’t being selfish.
Yes, it was risky. Tamara might kill me. Beth might not want me. But I couldn’t live like this anymore. Death seemed preferable to this pain. And now I completely understood Charlie. I didn’t condone nor accept his solution, but I did understand.
“Fuck the rules! Go tell her how you feel!” Then she removed her hand, and her smile widened. Then she smacked me on the back of the head. “Dumbass.”
And that was all I needed. I was out of the bar and on my way to New Mexico before I could change my mind.

Chapter 20
There is something incredibly freeing about doing something you know is stupid for the right reasons. Admitting that I really did want to tell Beth how I felt filled me with joy as I drove the hours to Sebastian’s house. It also gave me time to think.
I knew where Sebastian’s house was because I’d been there before with my mother. I had known Sebastian since I was a child. And I had disliked Sebastian just as long.
Sebastian’s mother, who was also dead, had been mom’s boss. Sort of. Mom and I had made this same trip a few times before I became a teenager and refused to go. And mom completely understood why I didn’t want to go. If she’d had any choice at all, she would have stayed home too.
Sebastian’s mother, Carol, was the leader of the witches of the southern United States. This was back when witches had actual leaders. The moment Tamara revealed her power to the world of witches, that all changed. Witches who were once thought of as nearly gods were soon forgotten. And these powerful witches didn’t want to make a mistake. Any report of things Tamara wouldn’t approve of could cost them dearly. So most of them just quit. But some of them, like in Carol’s case, were stupid enough to make Tamara mad.
My mother used to make monthly reports to Carol about which werewolf she was helping, how the previous one was doing, and things like that. It was required by Carol. And at the time, my mother could not refuse.
So, while mom was reporting to Carol, in her overly large, lavish house, I got to spend time with the spoiled son of the witch leader. Sebastian got everything he wanted. I even heard the tale of how he was no longer a virgin because he had blackmailed one of the maids into having sex with him. Being about four years older than me, that would have made him twelve at the time.
Over the years, I got to know Sebastian fairly well. And had I not been so blindly stupid, I would have never even introduced Beth to him. But fear, both of Tamara and of how much I was harming Beth, made me do stupid things. Now, with my suspicion that Beth might actually care about me, I realized just how stupid I was.
When I pulled up to the front gates, they opened. The guard had apparently recognized my mom’s car, or he recognized me. Either way, he let me inside and that’s when I saw Beth being led to a car by ‘Bass’. Maybe that name does fit him. He is slimy and cold.
Beth wore tight black workout pants and an even tighter tank top. She looked like she was going to work out, but her outfit was not the reason for my outrage.
Sebastian was leading her with a collar around her neck. The worst part was that Beth didn’t look angry. She wasn’t trying to fight it. She looked defeated and sad.
The moment she saw my car, her face lit up. And as I got out, she tried to run to me, but Sebastian held the chain tight. He must have used magic because Beth’s strength should have torn his arm clean off. Instead, she was snapped back and grasped at the collar.
“What do you want, Chris?” Sebastian asked with contempt.
“What in the hell are you doing?!” I shouted as I rushed over to Beth.
Before I could reach her, Sebastian’s magic hit my chest. It felt similar to Tamara’s. Pain, burning, the desire to gasp but being unable to do so.
I fell to my knees on the hard concrete while Sebastian laughed.
“You gave her to me. She’s mine now. And she does what I say. Isn’t that right?”
He turned to look at Beth, and the pain in my chest vanished. It was replaced by a different pain. A pain that had recently been placated.
“Yes, sir,” Beth replied while looking at me.
“I’ve changed my mind,” I said angrily.
I shot to my feet, preparing to fight for Beth. This was not Tamara. This was spoiled, arrogant Sebastian. I had never actually fought him, but I wasn’t a powerless warlock. Not like Matt.
Flames engulfed my hands as I spoke. I held them at my sides, not ready to start shooting fireballs just yet.
“Let her go. I’m taking her home.”
The look on Beth’s face when she saw my power and my desire to take her home, filled me with happiness. For about five seconds. That was how long it took for Sebastian’s magic to engulf me and increase to the point of blinding pain. And it took only that five seconds for me to pass out.
When I woke, still sprawled on the concrete of Sebastian’s driveway, they were gone.

Chapter 21
Luckily, I still had friends. The guard, who had recognized me and my mom’s car, was the same guard my mom had flirted with a few times. He remembered her, and he remembered me.
From him, I found out that Sebastian ran a club, not unlike Tamara’s. The club with no name. This was a similar club, but with a completely different secret. Sebastian hosted what could best be described as gladiatorial fights between werewolves.
And from the guard, I also found out the address and that Beth was going to be Sebastian’s star attraction. The unbeatable female werewolf.
It didn’t take me long to find the place, but the bouncers outside were not happy to see me.
“You’re not welcome,” the first of the large men said in a gruff voice.
“Do you know who I am?” I asked, attempting to exude strength and confidence.
The second of the wolf guards snarled at me, and his eyes turned red.
“Yes. You’re Chris Raal, and you’re not welcome.”
Both guards put their shoulders together, barring the entrance, and crossed their arms. This did not dissuade me.
Sure, if they had been human…and I had been human, I wouldn’t have stood a chance. But, they were wolves, male wolves, and I was a warlock.
Much like at Sebastian’s house, flames engulfed my hands. Strangely this didn’t seem to worry the wolves. Their look was more like amusement than the fear I expected.
“Mave?” the one on the right said, then both wolves looked behind me.
As I turned, I saw a witch that looked somewhat familiar to me. As she strode up, I recognized her.
She had long black hair and bright red lipstick. The strange bluish-purple tint to her eyes was probably the reason I remembered her. Or perhaps it was the stories I’d heard.
Mave was a cruel woman. She was far crueler than Tamara, but not nearly as powerful. This would be an interesting fight. Mave was a water witch.
I readied myself and looked over her strange choice in clothing. A full-length leather trench coat and a black vinyl jumpsuit underneath. Did she think she was some kind of supervillain or something? Then again, it was Mave. She prided herself on being an evil witch. Or so I’d heard.
“I just want to get inside,” I stated as Mave circled around me.
“Why? Going to break up the festivities?” she asked when she was behind me. “I don’t think Bass would be too happy about that.”
Apparently, people did call him Bass. It even seemed like he had friends.
“He has my wolf. I’m just here to take her home,” I said, unsure of my words.
I wasn’t sure Beth wanted to be called ‘my wolf’. In all honesty, I was ‘her warlock’. Despite this little discrepancy, it didn’t look like Mave cared.
The evil woman put one of her sharpened, black fingernails up to her blood-red lips and laughed.
“You gave her away. She belongs to Bass now.”
“I didn’t give her away…she…” I stuttered, and Mave took my stumbling speech as a sign of weakness.
Without warning, she used the hand that was by her side and slammed an ice ball into my chest. It caught me off guard and I went flying across the lot. When my motion was stopped by a parked car, I rushed to my feet.
As I stormed back across the lot, my hands became flames once more. With a motion similar to Mave’s, I shot a fireball at her, but she easily pushed it aside. It wasn’t as decisive as when my fireball just evaporated on contact with Tamara, but it also didn’t look like it scared Mave in the slightest.
“You’re out of your league, Chris,” she said with spite.
I didn’t heed the warning. Beth was inside, and I was not going to give up on her again. I shot two more fireballs with alternating hands, and still, Mave pushed them aside like they were nothing more than an annoyance.
At this point, I was starting to realize something about myself. Perhaps I wasn’t such a good warlock. Not like I thought I was, at least. Maybe my confidence was because I was comparing myself to lesser witches. And, just maybe, Mave was right. I was out of my league.
When the ice ball slammed into my chest again, I understood how insignificant I was to these witches. I was once again thrown across the lot, but this time, when I slammed into the same car, the force set off the car alarm. As the horn blared and the lights flashed, I struggled to pull myself up.
The pain in my chest and my back let me know just how minuscule my talents were. Despite this, I would not give up. Beth was inside, about to fight for her life against other wolves. Even though I wasn’t as powerful as I once thought I was, I had a secret weapon.
As Mave was about to throw yet another ice ball my way, intending to really hurt me this time, I decided that it was time to give up on pride. If I couldn’t scare them out of my way or force them out of my way…I knew of someone who could.
“You do know who that wolf is friends with, don’t you?”
Mave paused. She still held contempt in her gaze, but the first thing you learn about as a young witch is…find out whose friend you are attacking. It was a bad life choice to go around randomly hurting people.
Witches were very territorial when it came to their friends. Werewolf friends, witch friends, it didn’t really matter.
Sure, Mave knew that I had no powerful friends, but until today, she had never heard of Beth.
“Come on now. She’s a twenty-one-year-old, female wolf. Who could she possibly…”
Although she talked tough, I could see the apprehension rising in Mave. I cut her off before she could even finish her sentence.
“Tamara was ready to kill me because I hurt Beth’s feelings. What do you think she’ll do when she finds out Beth is here?”
Ok, I was embellishing, but it seemed to be working.
Mave dropped her hands and pondered my words.
“You’re saying that Tamara knows the she-wolf?”
I saw Mave take a step back, almost like she was ready to run. Then I noticed the bouncers at the front door. They looked a little nervous.
“Knows her? Didn’t you hear me?” I asked and laughed as I walked closer. Thankfully, I was a lot smarter about the world I belonged to than I had been with Beth. I may not have been the best potential boyfriend, I was certainly not the strongest witch, but I knew how to scare someone. “She was going to kill me for upsetting Beth. She’s going to be pissed if I don’t get Beth out of there.”
I walked closer, and the bouncers separated, not wanting to hold me back any longer. So, I went on with my rant. The whole time Mave was backing farther into the parking lot, fear covering her face.
“You do not want to be here when Tamara shows up.” I once again laughed to show my confidence.
“Tamara’s coming?” Mave asked, though I barely heard her because she was halfway to a car I assumed was hers.
“Oh, yes,” I answered loudly. Then I pulled out my cell phone and added to my story. “Shit! I’ve got about twenty minutes to get Beth out of there before Tamara hurts me…” I turned and looked at Mave, who had her car door open. “And kills everyone in her way.”
“Tell Tamara I had no idea.” Then Mave paused. “You know what? Why don’t you just forget to mention me. It was an honest mistake. I’m very sorry, Chris.”
As Mave sped off and the two bouncers looked like they were contemplating doing the same, I realized that I had never been so happy to be the target of Tamara’s wrath. Sure, Tamara was probably going to kill me, but I could use that to save Beth from whatever Sebastian had planned.

Chapter 22
Once inside the club, my stomach lurched. The feel of the place caused revulsion to rise inside of me. Even the cheering crowds sickened me. As I passed row after row of men and women, all cheering with bloodlust in their eyes, I was appalled that so many people wanted to see werewolves kill each other. And that was exactly what was happening here. There were no knockouts or submissions. The fight only ended when one of the wolves was dead.
How had I not known about this place? How had no one known about this place? Chantelle would have been the first one to object to it. How had this been kept such a closely guarded secret?
As I looked through the crowd, on my way to the center, I noticed a few witches who had been at my bar. I didn’t know them very well, but I did recognize them. How could witches be ok with this? Humans, maybe, but not witches.
Then I heard a bell ring, and my attention was pulled from the crowd to the center where one wolf stood, bloody and beaten. The other lay dead at his feet.
The crowd roared, and I thought I might go deaf from the sound. Then the announcer shouted over them and the crowd hushed. I was nearly at the center now.
The large cage was square and probably forty feet by forty feet. The bars didn’t look like they would hold a werewolf long, but then again, they didn’t need to. The wolves were too busy fighting each other. The floor of the cage was concrete and stained red, with a drain in the center. The amount of staining told me that many wolves had died here.
Wolves were scarce. Not even enough to pair up with the multitude of witches wanting to find one. Why in the world would witches want to watch them kill each other?
The words of the announcer broke through my confusion and loathing for what happened in this place.
“We have a special treat for you tonight. Our owner has found a very special lady. Please welcome Elisabeth.”
Then I watched in horror as Beth was pushed through the door of the cage, and it was locked behind her. The collar was gone from her neck and she again looked defeated and depressed. She hadn’t even struggled with her captors.
Behind her, through the bars, was Sebastian. He was whispering to her and I couldn’t make it out. Then Beth snapped at him.
“No!” she shouted.
Sebastian increased the volume of his voice, and this time I could understand his words.
“If you don’t, I’ll find Chris and kill him this time.”
Once again, I saw defeat wash over Beth and she started to strip off her clothes.
I watched in horror as she was forced to strip naked in front of a crowd, then Sebastian took the clothes from her.
Beth tried to cover herself as the crowd cheered and whistled.
“Now change!” Sebastian demanded and I had heard enough.
I didn’t care if I died. I didn’t care if every patron in this place attacked me. I would not stand by while they did this to Beth!
I stormed up to the cage and shouted through it to Sebastian.
“Let her go!” I shouted, but Sebastian didn’t even blink an eye.
The pain settled into me immediately, and I grasped the bars to stay standing. But I would not give up this time.
“I’ll…” I struggled with my breath. Trying to force words out. “I’ll…tell…Tamara!” I finally managed to shout with the last of my breath.
I was not frightening to Sebastian, but perhaps Tamara would be. I had used her to get in the door, maybe her anger with me could help me again.
Just the mention of her name silenced the crowd. I could practically hear the fear coming from behind me. Then I heard Tamara’s voice.
“I already know.”
She walked by me, and the pain in my chest stopped as Sebastian concentrated on her. Next, he opened the door by Beth and stepped inside the cage. Perhaps he thought the cage might protect him, or maybe he was more arrogant than I thought and planned to fight Tamara.
Beth snatched the clothes from Sebastian’s hand while he was preoccupied, and all the patrons started to leave in a hurry. The sound of the crowd desperately trying to be anywhere but here, sounded like an earthquake to me. I had nearly passed out again, so it might not have been that loud.
“This was not the deal,” Tamara said. She opened the opposite side of the cage and stepped inside, waiting for Sebastian to face her.
“Deal? You look the other way while I pit werewolves against one another. How am I breaking our deal?”
“You can’t have her,” Tamara said while pointing at Beth who was quickly dressing outside the cage.
I feel the need to explain something about magic. You may have already figured it out, but I’ll explain anyway.
Magical power does two things for the witch. It provides a way for you to attack another person, but it also provides you with defense against magic. The more powerful you are, the more powerful the other person has to be in order to harm you. It’s like the magic inside of you automatically fights off magic from someone else without you having to do anything. Like when I threw a fireball at Tamara. She was so much strongher than me that she didn’t even have to think about stopping my magic.
Which means, I was not nearly as strong as either of the two people inside the cage. Hell, I was starting to think I might be the weakest warlock in the world. Well, not quite as weak as Matt, but damn close.
Tamara lifted her hand, and Sebastian looked unconcerned. Then Sebastian lifted his hand, and I think I saw Tamara wince. Just a little. Was Sebastian as strong as Tamara?
Sebastian was the first to speak, and the satisfaction coming from his voice seemed to annoy Tamara.
“I’ve been waiting for this for a long time.”
He took a few steps toward Tamara, and she looked a little concerned. Maybe not afraid, but she was no longer as sure of herself. She tried to hide it but, as Sebastian continued his rant, I was fairly certain that THE Tamara looked worried.
“Just when I was strong enough to face you, you vanished for a whole year. What happened?”
Sebastian started moving sideways in the cage, attempting to circle around her. Perhaps he was just trying to intimidate her.
“Family business,” Tamara snapped while turning to keep Sebastian in front of her.
“No matter. I’ve grown stronger since you’ve been gone. After tonight, witches will cower at the mention of my name instead of yours. Our deal is meaningless if you’re dead.”
The sneer and look of contentment on Sebastian’s face worried me. Tamara was the only one who could save me, and by extension, Beth. If Tamara couldn’t stand up to Sebastian, then we were all dead.
Sebastian waved his left hand like he was backhanding Tamara, but he was still at least ten feet from her. An invisible force hit Tamara and the woman I thought was the most powerful witch in the world fell to one knee.
“You’ll regret this, Sebastian,” Tamara said spitefully.
“Doubtful,” Sebastian snapped and raised both hands. Flames circled Tamara.
All the stories, the ones no one believed. The stories about a witch that could use all types of magic. They were talking about Sebastian.
Then Sebastian lifted his right hand and a ball of ice formed in it. He grinned evilly as his gaze found the kneeling witch who I both feared and relied on. Tamara needed to win this fight. Beth and I were nothing to Sebastian. Tamara may have been evil and would kill me if I tried to be with Beth, but for some reason, she needed Beth alive. It almost seemed like Beth’s happiness was vitally important to her. Tamara was the lesser of two evils and, right then, she was Beth’s only hope.
I used the bars to lift myself up and prepared a fireball. Not that it would harm Sebastian, but it might give Tamara a chance to recover.
As I threw the ball of flames toward Sebastian, I felt the pain settle in my chest once more. Even before the flames hit my tormentor in the chest, I was on my knees once more. My flames were nullified as they made contact with Sebastian, but I had accomplished my task.
Tamara shot to her feet and used Sebastian’s lapse in concentration to use her own magic. She gripped her hands out in front of her, and, for a second, I saw Sebastian’s face look pained. Tamara wasn’t quite as powerful as he was, but she was strong enough to hurt him.
When Sebastian returned his attention to Tamara, she fell onto her hands and began gasping for breath.
“Do you have any last words?” Then Sebastian looked toward me again. “Either of you?”
That was when I noticed Beth was missing.
Somehow, during the battle, she had run off. As much as I wanted to find her, there was no way I was going to make it to my feet again. I was fairly certain that I was going to die right there. Just as soon as Sebastian was done toying with us.
Tamara struggled against Sebastian’s power and was soon standing in front of him once more.
“You are powerful,” Sebastian said with reverence. “It’s just too bad, you don’t like men.”
Then I heard a laugh come from Tamara. A spiteful and knowing laugh.
“That’s what this is about? Seriously?”
I could see the side of Tamara from where I was. The look of revelation on her face, combined with the amusement, confused me. Then she went on.
“I like men, Sebastian. I just don’t like you!”
This news flustered Sebastian. His grip on me loosened, as well as his grip on Tamara. The more she spoke, the less Sebastian's power held me. I could almost move, but not quite. His power was still enough to hold me, though Tamara appeared to be fighting it off.
“We had a reasonably decent time, one night, years ago. What? Did you think I would fall in love with you? Talk about hubris. It wasn’t even that memorable.”
The words shocked Sebastian, at first, then it made him angry. While his anger fumed, Tamara just kept going.
“And even if you had been halfway decent in bed, you’re a prick. A self-absorbed...narcissistic...selfish...prick.”
That was when Sebastian lost it. He waved his hand violently, and Tamara was tossed against the bars. The force made them shake and even though my body couldn’t move, the tremor shook through me.
Without warning, Sebastian flew to the opposite wall and was pinned against it. I could see his face from where I knelt, and the confusion I felt covered his. He assumed Tamara had done it. That was when I noticed another woman inside the cage.
This woman was a short, heavier woman. Not as short as Tamara, but close. The woman hadn’t been there even a second ago, yet there she stood. She walked up beside Tamara as my evil savior was getting to her feet.
Her figure was much more womanly than Tamara’s, and her hair was brown and wavy. She looked very attractive and that’s when I realized who it was. It was Nicole, Tamara’s sister.
On the side with Sebastian pinned to the bars, a rather large man appeared, just like Nicole had appeared beside Tamara. His arms must have been as big as my legs, and I work out. My legs aren’t small. This guy was just that much bigger. Even the tee-shirt he had on was bulging from the muscles underneath it.
He looked very angry and very much like a werewolf. Not that he had fur, but I could see the red eyes and the claws that were threatening to emerge as the man grabbed Sebastian’s throat.
“How dare…” the man started shouting but one small word from Nicole, and he was silent, almost apologetic in his look toward her.
“Simon,” was all that Nicole had to say. It wasn’t even very loud, and Simon just stopped.
“Yes?” he asked, and I understood the look right away. Simon wasn’t afraid of Nicole. He was afraid that he had disappointed her. This was the way I felt about Beth. One word from her and I would drop everything.
“I’ll deal with Sebastian.”
“Yes, Nicole,” Simon said and was at her side the next moment.
“You fucking bitch!” Sebastian started. “Who do you think…”
His words stopped as the whole building started to shake. Tamara was on her knees again, only this time it was her choice. She even bowed her head, hoping to avoid Nicole’s wrath.
Then I saw Nicole’s eyes fog over. I felt the ground shaking. She was beyond angry. And beyond what I comprehended as powerful. I was nothing to her, Sebastian was nothing to her, and poor Sebastian hadn’t even realized it yet.
“You think you can just pit wolves against each other…to the death? And you thought I wouldn’t be upset about it?”
Nicole’s feet left the ground, and she floated toward Sebastian, but even this display of power was lost on Sebastian and he just dug himself in deeper.
“Who the hell are you?!” Sebastian shouted, this time, there was less anger and more fear in his voice. Too bad it wasn’t enough to make him shut his mouth.
I knew that Sebastian knew her name. Simon had said it. Sebastian’s question was more about why he cared who she was. And it was a stupid question. He was starting to understand, like I did, just how powerful Nicole really was. But it was too late for him.
I think Nicole lost her temper. One second, Sebastian was trying to cover his fear, the next second… Nicole snapped her fingers and Sebastian disintegrated. Literally. His body just evaporated right in front of me. And then Sebastian was no more.
“Is he?” Simon asked fearfully.
“What? No! I didn’t kill him,” Nicole said with a laugh. “I just put him away for safekeeping. I’ll deal with him later. First, I need to deal with her.”
Nicole looked at Tamara, who was still kneeling, and Nicole’s anger returned. As Nicole raised her hand, preparing to hurt Tamara, Simon stepped toward her.
“Nicole,” Simon said as he put his hand on her shoulder. “Let her explain first.”
This seemed to calm her, and Nicole gave Simon a kind look then returned to Tamara, but with less anger than before.
“Explain.” Was all that Nicole could say. She was still pretty upset.
When Tamara didn’t answer right away, Simon tried to help.
“Did you know about this place?” Simon asked.
Then Nicole blurted out.
“And don’t lie! I’ve had about enough of your shit!”
“Yes. I knew,” Tamara admitted, still staring at the floor while kneeling.
Nicole started to emit a muffled scream of frustration, just like Beth had in my car. She put her hands into her long hair and pulled as she spun. Her feet hit the ground, and her eyes lost the clouds that covered them. Then her eyes caught me hanging on to the bars, afraid to move, afraid to get her attention, and she smiled.
“Chris. Hi. Where’s Beth?”
The way she acted so kind to me was astonishing.
“I don’t know. I lost her. They were fighting…”
“You should probably go find her,” Nicole interrupted. Then she turned back to Tamara.
“And that’s another thing. You were supposed to help Simon’s sister, and you just pushed it off onto someone else.”
Tamara finally looked up at her sister and pleaded.
“I had no idea what to do for a female wolf.” Then Tamara motioned at me. “Chris knew.”
Once again, Nicole turned to me.
“And boy, did he ever.” Nicole’s look confused me. Her eyebrows were raised and her smile was huge. Was she implying that she knew about my feelings for Beth? Or was it the sex? What was that look?
Before I could decide, Nicole turned back to her sister.
“And you decided to threaten the man she wants? What kind of stupid move was that? I mean, sheesh.”
Nicole’s ranting had softened. I’m not really sure why, but she no longer seemed all that angry at Tamara. As she went on, her voice almost became kind.
“You’re just lucky that he was so perfect for her. Still, you did threaten to kill him and almost messed the whole thing up.”
Then Simon butted in.
“I think it’s a toss-up. She messed up, but she also did what you asked. She did find my sister a man.”
Now Simon was looking at me strangely.
“You really should go find her,” he said, and I decided that it was a very good idea.
As I headed out of the building, I could hear Nicole scolding Tamara.
“Ok. One more chance. I’m going to find you another wolf. This time you will help him yourself. No passing it off to someone else. And the woman better be fucking perfect for him.”
Tamara’s voice sounded very meek and shy. Not something I was used from her.
“Yes, Nicole.”
“And you will leave Beth and Chris alone. Do I make myself clear?”
Again, the feeble voice came from the terrifying woman.
“Yes, Nicole.”

Chapter 23
I searched the entire bar, more like an arena with a bar in it, but there was no sign of Beth. She had just vanished. Being a werewolf, that didn’t surprise me. After nearly ten minutes of searching, I made my way outside into the cool air and sighed.
What if Beth was going to kill herself like Charlie? What if she’d had enough? Our situation did appear hopeless an hour ago. I just hoped I could find her and let her know what was happening before she did something she couldn’t take back.
That was when I saw her.
Beth was sitting at the top of a very tall building across the street. She looked lost in thought, and the fact that she was five stories in the air panicked me. I started pacing.
I couldn’t make it to the top in time. Not up five flights of stairs. Not before she jumped. So, I yelled.
“Beth!” I shouted as loud as I could, and I’m pretty sure she heard me, but she pretended not to.
That was when Nicole walked out with Simon beside her.
“Something wrong?” she asked, and I spun to face her.
I motioned toward where Beth was, and I must have looked as panicked as I felt.
“I think she’s going to jump. I need to get up there.”
Nicole looked a little worried then offered a solution.
“I could put you up there, but…”
“But?” I asked. Simon responded.
“She has a little trouble with this spell. You could end up appearing in the middle of nowhere.”
“That was one time!” Nicole shouted, then slapped Simon on the shoulder. The smile she gave him afterward told me that neither of them were all that serious. It was more like an inside joke.
“And then there was your car.”
“I was tired,” Nicole argued.
I didn’t hesitate. I might end up in the middle of nowhere. I might even end up at the right height but nowhere near the building. I didn’t really care. I NEEDED to be up there. If Beth jumped…
“Do it!” I said, staring right into Nicole’s eyes.
“You’re sure?” she asked as she put her hands on my shoulders.
“I’m sure,” I replied.
Nicole braced herself and inched a little closer, staring right into my eyes.
“Shut your eyes and don’t open them until you feel gravity again.”
This terrified me. Feel gravity? The alternative scared me more. What if I didn’t make it to Beth in time? Without waiting, I shut my eyes.
“Yeah, I opened mine once,” Simon started. “Beyond scary.”
“You never told me that,” Nicole said as I started to feel something strange.
“I didn’t want to worry you.”
Then their voices faded. Almost like I was shutting a door on them. The words were muffled, but I could still tell that they were talking. I just couldn’t understand what they said.
And the feeling.
Terrifying doesn’t begin to cover the feeling of every cell in your body pulling apart. Then nothing. Absolutely nothing. No air pressure, no gravity, no pain, no pleasure. Absolutely nothing. Then, in a flash, it all came rushing back and I understood what Nicole meant by feeling gravity.
When I opened my eyes, I was over the street below. My feet were dangling in midair and something…no someone, was holding my arm above my head.
“What in the hell are you doing?!” Beth shouted.
She pulled me up, then sat me on the very small ledge that she was balancing on. I shook with fear as I tried to remember why I had thought that this was a good idea. Then, when I looked at her face, I remembered exactly why.
“I had to come up here and stop you,” I stated, almost forgetting how scared I was of heights.
If only Beth could understand how scared I was, maybe it might change her mind. I had faced one of my deepest fears to be by her side. The funny part was, I hadn’t even thought about it. I just blindly got myself teleported five stories in the air. If that isn’t commitment, I don’t know what is.
“Stop me?” Beth asked, clearly confused.
I pushed myself back against the wall, which was far too close to the edge for my comfort, as I tried to explain. My fear was really getting to me now, and only looking at Beth could make it go away.
“I had to stop you from jumping.”
Beth laughed at me and nudged me with her shoulder. This made me feel like I was falling, so I grabbed her arm.
“You’re terrified, aren’t you? You really are afraid of heights.”
“You have no idea.” I looked down, stupid thing to do, but I’m really good at being stupid. Then everything started to sway.
I quickly returned my gaze to Beth, and the swaying stopped. Then I slowly moved my hands from her arm to the ledge that was barely wide enough for me.
“And you still came up here because you thought I was going to jump?”
“Weren’t you?” I asked, feeling really, really stupid.
Stupid for coming up here. Stupid for assuming. And, in general, just plain stupid. I had done nearly everything wrong since the day I met Beth. Why would she even want to be with me? I was a walking mistake.
“I wasn’t going to jump.”
She smiled at me, and my stomach started to churn for a different reason. That smile was why I was on top of a building. Just the thought of never seeing it again was more terrifying than sitting five stories up on a ledge that wasn’t big enough for a cat.
“Then why were you up here?”
“I was thinking. Trying to decide the best way to kidnap you.” She laughed, and that wonderful smile eased my fears once more.
“Well, now you don’t have to worry about that. Sebastian is gone.”
“Gone?” she asked.
Then I did something really dumb. I let go of the ledge and used my hands to emphasize my words.
“Poof,” I said, using my hands. Then realized that I wasn’t holding on to the ledge and panicked. I grabbed Beth’s arm, and she laughed at me.
“I still might kidnap you. You are sort of cute when you’re this scared.”
“Let’s revisit this kidnapping idea…when we’re on the ground.”
Kidnapping sounded fun if Beth was my kidnapper. I laughed, and she rolled her eyes at me.
Then, as if something inside me couldn’t keep it to myself any longer, I blurted it out.
“You want to see me get really scared? How about this? I love you.”
The look I got back wasn’t quite what I expected. Instead of amusement, her face went blank.
“Really?” she asked.
“Yes. I’ve just been too scared to tell you.”
Then Beth started lowering herself down the ledge. Had I made her angry? Was she upset that I had said it? Was she just going to leave me up here?
“What are you doing?” I asked, sounding terrified all over again.
“I’m going home. You coming?” she asked. Then with the grace of the woman I’d come to know, she used her hands and lowered herself effortlessly.
“But…” I stammered. “I can’t.”
“Oh, just get on my back, you weeny.”
Normally I wouldn’t appreciate being called that. It might even come to blows, depending on the person. But with Beth, it felt nice. Nice that she could joke with me about stuff. Comforting that she could call me names and not worry that I might take her seriously.
While I climbed onto her back, trying desperately to look at her and not the ground that was so far below us, I couldn’t help but smile. My first and only client would be my last client. Perhaps the last woman I’d ever be with, and I hoped it was true.
I didn’t want anyone else. No one would ever treat me like Beth did. No one would shout at me. Scold me. Tease me. Then just expect me to listen to her when we were in the bedroom. There was no one anywhere like Beth. A mass of confusion, yet I didn’t mind it. In fact, I longed for it.
What would she do next? What strange and weird thing would I find her doing? Climbing a five-story building to think, was one of the strangest yet, but would there be more? Would they be even more bizarre?
“You didn’t answer me,” I stated as Beth nimbly climbed down,. The whole time I was trying desperately to look at anything but the pavement below us.
“I didn’t hear a question,” she said with a silly grin.
Her claws easily dug into the cement walls, and it didn’t even look like it took much effort for her. Despite the fact that she had a two hundred pound man clutching to her back, she seemed quite at ease.
“Do you love me too?” I asked, hoping.
“I kinda thought the suspense was keeping you from worrying about how high we were.”
“Good point,” I agreed.
“But, yes. I love you too. I knew that day when I yelled at you about the TV.” She cringed a little, then got back to climbing. “Sorry about the TV.”
“Really?” I asked with astonishment.
“You didn’t fight back. You just took it.”
“And that’s a good thing?” I asked, then clung to her more tightly.
I had glanced at the ground. Another stupid move in a long list of them. I think my voice even waivered at the end. Beth laughed, so I think she noticed.
“You have to be the smartest man I’ve ever met. It had nothing to do with the TV, and you knew. Somehow you just knew.”
Knew? I guess I sort of knew that it had nothing to do with the TV. Despite my momentary smartness, I still felt pretty dumb around Beth. Every moment I spent with her made me feel dumber by the second. I never knew what was on her mind, how she was feeling, and if I was making her condition worse. And she thought I was smart?
“You just let me blow off steam. I was very confused. I had started to have feelings for you and didn’t understand them. I didn’t want a human, because I wanted you. And you just took it. That’s when I knew for sure.”
This was about the time I first realized just how lucky I was. I guess what they say is true, it’s better to be lucky than good. And damn was I lucky. Lucky that Tamara chose me. Lucky that Nicole had forced Tamara into finding a man for Beth. And really lucky that Beth didn’t see how stupid I really was.
Those three women changed my life the day Beth was forced into my entryway. Tamara, the evil sister. Nicole, the good sister. And Beth, the woman who somehow thought I was smart.
Maybe I was a little smart. Though I didn’t expect to ever be that smart again, it did end up making her fall in love with me. So, perhaps I could find the brainpower to be smart occasionally. Especially when Beth was yelling at me.
It wasn’t like she meant anything she said when she was angry. I knew that. She was a wolf. Wolves are hot-headed, and Beth seemed more volatile than most. I also knew the rewards for not fighting back. And believe me, the rewards were many.

The End

Book 3, The 21st Hour, will be available in the fall or winter of 2020.

If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something you would be interested in, sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/StevenSterupJrAuthor/ or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.

  
The 21st Curse Book 1
The 21st Day Book 2


Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.



