Copyright © 2012 MonoPanda
All Rights Reserved.
COPYRIGHT: This story, “The Undergrad” including all chapters, prologues/epilogues and associated content (i.e. fanfics, teasers and content within blogs, social networks and eReaders) is copyrighted under the Copyright, Designs and Patens Act 1988. All rights are reserved by the owner and the creator of this work (MonoPanda) and an unauthorized copying, broadcasting, manipulation, distribution or selling of this work constitutes as an infringement of copyright. Any infringement of this copy is punishable by law.
Punishments include but are not limited to:
A fine of up to $150,000 for each work infringed.
Infringer pays for all attorney’s fees and court costs. 
The Court can issue an injunction to stop the infringing acts.
The Court can impound the illegal works.
The Infringer can go to jail.


CHAPTER ONE

Robyn's POV
I'm just a nurse.
Okay maybe barely a nurse. A graduate does count, you know. I spent almost two years of my life studying about the human body and pharmacology; I'm not so good with meds. And now I regret it.
Maybe it wasn't my fortune-telling grandmother's fault for insisting that my future lies here. She did say she saw me in white clothes and lots of money.
There was no shitting me on that one.
I am in white and I do have money--figuratively speaking--in this Louis Vuitton bag. Is that how you even spell it? Whatever. I had more important things to think of now, and staying alive is one of my top priorities as of now.
At least I've finished my Nursing Exam, and no I cannot tell you where and from what University I graduated from. So now I get to take it off from my list of priorities. Have I mentioned my name yet? Well I guess going by my first wouldn't hurt right?
Never mind. Maybe I shouldn't tell you. Lately, someone named me Robyn. They called it my code name. Which is much of an ew-ish name. Who would name someone Robyn anyways?
I remembered one day, I don't remember when but I'm pretty sure it happened sometime this week; I was on my way home from Nursing Review classes taking a detour to my favorite Starbucks junction. I ordered my usual latte and took a seat in a vacant armchair at the corner of a window and a wall, minding my own business reading wattpad on my iPad.
Suddenly some strange, tall man sat in front of me with Oakley shades, a red bandana on his head and a leather jacket. Honestly, he looked like one of those typical riders with big bikes, but my goodness, that get up was so hot on him and fine by me. But then again, I was reading something about human trafficking. And so my paranoia kicked in.
Just as I was about to begin packing my things, he said, "Why choose nursing? It is a dying occupation,"
"Excuse me? Nursing happens to be one of the fastest growing occupations in the U.S." I retort heatedly, I can't believe this guy!
"One out of every four registered nurses works part time," He added smoothly, clasping his hands beneath his adorable chin-ew. No! I cannot believe that, but-what did he say?
"True, but maybe part time in different medical institutions. At least we have the balls to try to get that much work done. Judging from your horrible clothes and the time, I bet you don't even have one so back off,"
The man seemed to calm down as he leaned back with a smile, a cute dimple surfaced prominently on his fair skin, "Do you like robins?"
"Robins?" I repeated, what is this guy talking about. I know I should leave right now, but it has been almost two years since I last broke up with my perfect boyfriend. All my friends told me to move on but I simply couldn't just... all right, maybe labeling him as a human trafficker is a little overrated, maybe he's just a friendly citizen who loves bikes, and I should actually consider myself lucky that someone as hot as he is, is actually talking to someone like me.
I cleared my throat, instantly changing my mind. "Who wouldn't love cute furry birds?" I mentally slapped myself; I meant feathery birds! Since when did birds grow fur anyway?
He suddenly leaned against the round coffee table separating the both of us and inched forward with his jaws set. He spoke with a low voice, "few days from now, you will be receiving Intel, just take it without question and head to wherever direction you are headed. Stay calm and when they ask your name, tell them you're Robyn. That's Robyn with a 'Y' not an 'I.' Look, I'm really sorry if you have to put up with this, but I promise, you will be safe" he readjusted his shades and stood up, his adorable smile framed his lips, "see you around,"
With that he just left me alone with my Latte, confused and considering that he was probably a psycho that escaped the mental hospital, but then taking in the fact that he was in a biker get up, maybe he had just too much drugs that rotted his brain. I instantly calmed down and shook my head. I watched him through the glass window I sat next to as he started up his Harley Davidson. My eyes raked through his buff body hidden in his leathery jacket and his nice ass before he zoomed off into the highway.
I never thought that one day his words would finally make sense--
Crash! My trip down memory lane was cut short as the discord yanked me back to reality; I hugged myself in this stuffy closet.
Ohmygodohmygodohmygod. They're here. They're here! They're here and they're going to kill me. I knew that cute guy was too good to be true. I can't believe this is happening to me. These things only happen on movies, TV or suspense novels and I was never a fan of suspense. My God why did he choose me of all people? Why not the police or something?
From a distance I heard discreet footsteps. And then silence. A sinister crash ripped through the silence and my heart takes up a notch. My god they're banging the doors open! I stayed as still as death--maybe not death, as still as this broomstick I'm leaning on. I've got to be hopeful against all odds. The intensity of my anxiety shot up to a magnitude that dared my muscles to give way, yet I anchored them down with all my willpower that I felt every fiber of my body spasm in fear.
I began a mental mantra of prayers as the commotion came closer and closer. I'm hidden in a janitor's closet and I hope that they don't--
They're here. Yes I know they've been here since a while ago but this time they are right behind this door. Light seeping occasionally through the seams of this rickety door was the very proof I never wanted.
I stayed frozen. Relaxing a little when I heard them moving away. I cautiously let out a shaky breath.
The next thing I knew the door was violently flung open accompanied by blinding light. I begin thrashing in protest as I see figures of men drawing closer and panicked when big firm hands grabbedmy shoulder. I wrenched my left wrist free with minuscule hope of escaping only to have something minute prick my skin and let out stinging warmth invade my system.
In a matter of seconds my vision blurred and I wilted away into the darkness. All I heard next was a faint: "Carry her."
I should now consider myself dead; nice meeting you by the way.


CHAPTER TWO

Ethan's POV
My name is Ethan Gould. I'm on my final assignment before I officially graduate from the Academy. My Father is one of the Institution's scientists, and he offered me as the first of ERA's first Genetic Experiment that survived. My younger brother, unfortunately, the only family I had left did not make it through the brutality of the Experiment. May his soul rest in peace.
For the past fifteen years of my life, I have been under tough scrutiny left with only a final task before I'm officially one of the Agencies finest products. Others may look at me as some sort of freak show of a Guinea Pig, losing all forms of humanity and only designed to be programmed by a Neurovascular Invasive Electronic System or N. I. E. S. for short.
But they're wrong. I am every bit of human that I am. Save for the Intellectual, Mental and Physical enhancements.
Today's objective is to retrieve the N. I. E. S. software from our traitorous counterpart, the Amalgamated Research Constitution also known as the 'ARC'.
One of our agents have already extracted the Target from the enemy's database and is currently under transport in the midst of a heavily armed defense strategically covering every angle to secure our lone agent.
I'm currently garbed in civilian's clothes with shades, trying to pull off a tourist image as I angled my undercover gun of a camera to every blind spot that I knew was applicable to me. I glanced at my wristwatch.
At exactly 1400 hours, the exchange should have been made. A second too late is already a second too dangerous. I began heading towards where I should have been expecting my fellow agent to be coming from.
"This is Alpha Niner Zero One, requesting for a code one-two-five-o'three, over," I articulated into my mouthpiece, a tiny clip-on trying to pass off for the highest button of my floral printed Hawaiian polo. It was a code that meant a possible sabotage on Plan A and needed to confirm with the permission to engage in Plan B regarding the exchange.
I calmly walked down the alleys of tall buildings as I repeated the phrase carefully. I press my index against my earpiece, checking if it was in place. Static emanated before my Team Leader granted me my permission, informing me that Agent Craw was still within the institution and on hold for a reason they could not confirm with. "Good luck Agent," he said.
Our team leader, Col. Marduk, was an old man with a toughened facade that brandished a thick, graying mustache matching his equally graying cropped hair. He always stood firm and tall with hands always clasped behind him. Though stern, you can always feel his confidence overflowing throughout his very presence. Any means of doubt was always something we all knew he could not afford.
It was a warning.
I broke out into a sprint, weaving through the shortcuts I studied over my briefing. I darted towards the building in the heart of Aerodale City, the University of Immaculate Fidelity, giving myself a maximum of ten minutes to locate our agent and save the day before the Head Quarters decide to quarantine the school for a wipe out--a term used to basically eradicate any evidence that we were once here, a procedure that lasted for a maximum of three hours and a minimum of five minutes.
This task was also very significant to me, because the N. I. E. S. software is directly hot-wired into my system, making me a potential threat to the human race if it ever fell into the wrong hands. As much as I hated to be cliché, there was no other way to explain it exactly the way it intended to sound like.
My camera gun was fatal in its way where its flash can hyperstimulate the victim's cranial activity, causing them to drop and convulse uncontrollably until they suffocate from laryngeal spasms. I wove through heavily gunned men, remaining immune to ERA's gadgets. In a matter of minutes I managed to slip in the University's building unnoticed as long as the enemy security remains oblivious to my invasive presence.
I pressed flat against a wall before entering a corridor, switching weapons to my favorite CN89, a more enhanced version of the Chief Special 45 with the capacity to spit out ten sluggers instead of your usual seven. It almost has a 50% less hand recoil making it easier to handle and a built in silencer to up my game. I know my baby so well because I created her, the Charlie Niner '89. Long story short, smithing guns is also an assignment back in the academy. It was one of the things I excelled in if I should say so myself.
I received feedback from the head quarters, informing me of the exact coordinates of Agent Craw. Instantly, I understood he was on the second floor probably taking cover in a closet. He must have been badly injured. I asked if there was any response and my Intel, Agent Green, confirmed that no contact has been made or any attempts to reach out to the HQ.
Agent Craw was a good friend of mine if you looked at it that way. He was a candidate to becoming a Sergeant. He was my senior. I remember the very first day I met him. I was barely ten; he had piercing blue eyes that gave horrible nightmares at first. He hated me because I was his final assignment. He had high expectations for raiding an illegal laboratory that tried to plagiarize our Father's break through.
Except that wasn't what happened. He ended up staying with me in our house. It was about bedtime before we all realized that the plan backfired. It was a trap, leaving Agent Craw and me the survivors of that dark day. I was the very first experiment, so they needed me. Whatever it was that they chemically engineered coursed through my veins ever since my Father volunteered my brother and I, so even if they destroyed all information regarding the Chemical, I was all they needed to rebuild the Agency.
I am the Agency's Legacy.
Long story short, we started from scratch, and I underwent through a series of tests to reconstruct their chemical invention and voila. Here we are. It's not like Agent Craw and I developed a sense of family over the last fifteen years as I was growing up.
God, who am I kidding? I got to put my head back in the game. Nothing was going to happen to him. I just needed to find him.
Footsteps began approaching my corner, I wasted no time as I pulled the trigger hastily gathering the fresh corpse out of view and dumping him next to a locker--I'm in a University, try to keep up, ok?--before advancing further in. I stealthily wove through the corridor, evading sentinels or taking them down as quietly as possible when they came in groups of three.
"Agent Alpha Niner Zero One, you have about five minutes to get the hell out of there, do you copy, I repeat over,"
I took a quick glance at my watch, noting the amount of time needed to get Agent Craw out of here otherwise I would also be trapped in the Massive Wipe-Out. I advanced further in, taking down as much agents as quickly as I could before they had time to request for back up.
The moment lifeless enemies littered the hall I began banging through the doors, taking a quick glance with my pistol, aimed and ready. I made sure to do the same for every room as I slowly made my way to the closet where Agent Craw was taking refuge.
I knew I was genetically enhanced somehow, I knew I was stronger, smarter and excelled in all other aspects. But to prove myself, I needed to restrict myself from those upgrades. I wanted to be acknowledged with my own capacity. That's what I needed--
My lower back spiked in pain before I fell to the ground. I instantly balanced myself, using the momentum to swing my feet about, knocking my attacker to the ground. I rolled away from him before regaining my stance, my gun pointed firmly to the enemy.
He gazed back at me sternly in the eye with piercing chocolate eyes that instantly kept me frozen in place. A vague sense of familiarity danced around the edge of my memory before I watched him slowly get up.
I should shoot him right now.
"Door behind you," He said. "Another to your left down the hall, three doors down before the last,"
I kept silent. This must be a trap. If he was referring to Agent Craw, he was right about the latter mentioned. But the first, was somewhat questionable. Maybe it was a choice that he gave me. Maybe the coordinates given to me were a trap. I'm so confused.
"Agent Gould, get the hell out of there now, you barely have three minutes before the Wipe-Out!" Col. Marduk screamed through my earpiece.
Shit! Do I even have enough time to escape the premises before I'm trapped in here?
"You better hurry," He said before running off, I let him go.
I had no time to kill him off.
I turned around, kicked the door wide open and there I found Craw sprawled supine in a classroom's floor. No sign of blood on him or broken bones. I did a quick check on his pulse... Still beating but slow.
"Agent Craw, get up!" I shook him vigorously and he barely stirred from a stupor.
He slurred a few comprehensible words. I couldn't afford to wait for him to fully recover. I grabbed an Epi-pen from my breast pocket, tilted his head to the side and aimed for his carotid to get a quick jolt to his brain. I hope that won't do any side effects on him in the long run.
"Agent Craw," I tried again, my voice strained.
"Wha...?" This time he pushed himself up from the ground, startled as he wildly took in his surroundings like a Java Man kidnapped from the past and thrown into Aerodale down town.
"Where's the 'Package'?" I asked, obviously notifying that he's empty handed with just a rifle strapped to his body.
"I swapped it with a student, hoping it would get far from here," said Craw, his onyx eyes never wavering contact with mine.
"Let's move," I turned to the door and headed straight to where the coordinates led me. He complied without question. I was so relieved to have him back in one piece. "This is Agent Alpha Niner Zero One, I have Agent Craw, now zeroing in on the package, requesting for a Bravo Delta B, over"
I walk past three doors.
"Do you read me, over?" I tried to keep calm, never looking back at Craw. I didn't even want to think about the inevitable. I just kept my head low and in the game. I reached the door where the enemy had told me and positioned myself for a defensive stand; I grabbed my camera gun and weakened the intensity of the flash to a minimum for the purposes of confusion only.
I gave a signal to Craw to break the door and I flashed my camera gun the moment the door collapsed. He moved in and stepped out, retrieving a female nursing student thrashing vehemently against his firm grip. My eyes instantly fell on the brown leathery handbag she had pressed against her chest. I saw Craw looking at me and I immediately understood. I nodded and he retrieved a silver pen-like object and jabbed her on the junction of her neck and shoulder, just to inject a sedative. She calmed down until her knees buckled.
All was made possible in under six seconds.
"Carry her," I muttered. She didn't deserve to be part of the wipe out she was just a civilian. Without a word or an argument, Agent Craw slung her over his shoulder then I led the way.
"This is Alpha Niner Zero One, I've got--"
A sharp ringing pierced through my ears, wedging a migraine through my brain. I glanced behind me and barely took in the clarity of Craw's face, but from the way his burly silhouette collapsed to the ground, he too was in as much pain as I was. I doubled over watching my surrounding blur then blacken.
Only one thing ran through my mind before I lost consciousness: Operation Quarantine was completed; now we're trapped in the Wipe Out.

CHAPTER THREE

Ares' POV
I didn't move. I couldn't understand why they couldn't get such simple instructions. I already had the plan laid out for them. It was as if they had their other routine that was taken from someone else.

The mission was slowly being sabotaged and I can't risk any more lives to be at stake. Yes, I'm no one to these men but a Lieutenant with glasses. Who wears glasses anyways these days? And aren't Lieutenants supposed to be a high rank? Doesn't that give me the right to command these guys? I'm pretty sure they're obliged to do what I say. I don't know, I'm sorry; I'm just not too interested with these things. Simply talking about it is already giving me a headache.

But give me a battle blueprint, or a strategic assault I'm the man you're looking for. When it comes to research, as long as it is within the field of my interest, which is mostly about genetic engineering or biological enhancements, you'll need me.

Anyway, that's not the point. I'm getting way off topic.

What's important is, we're still on track. The men they've dispatched... Let's just say we've lost a number of good men today. And it wouldn't have to be like this if only they listened to me.

Pardon my manners, where have they gone. My name is Ares Portley, the child prodigy of this institution. I'm actually just a scientist whose nose is supposed to be buried behind computer screens. But I'm not. I know I'm supposed to, but there really is nothing that they can do about. I guess it is one of the many advantages for being the asset of the company.
I don't remember exactly how long I've been with the ARC, or the Amalgamated Research Constitution, but I've been around way before I hit puberty. My life before that just comes to me as a blur, so yes, it's pretty horrible to have no idea of what your childhood is like before you begin working as a minor. But I guess that's just how life hands it to me.
Recently, we've created a state-of-the art Software that can better reprogram our soldiers that have gone rogue. It was called, the Rubrix. I named and designed the concept. Everyone laughed at me at first, but as I ignored them and went about with my research alone our Head Researcher looked into my work and thank goodness he realized the potential of my work and finally, after all these years, decided to take it as a new project for the whole institution. I'm not normally cocky when it comes to these but look whose laughing now!

As I was saying, for a project that would take for almost a decade for me to finish, it was now narrowed down to ten weeks. And at the end of the week, what we needed now was a guinea pig.

Before I go into further details, I would like to explain to you further as to what inspired me to begin this research. I had, with me, a notebook containing some unfinished research work as I stepped into ARC. It was the only thing that gave me a position in the institution.  I'm not exactly sure why or how I had the notebook with me, but I just did. Like, how you would normally walk to school with a random stain on your shirt, you never knew how it got there, but there it is anyway.

Sadly enough, I don't even remember why they--the ARC-- took me in either. I guess I'm just lucky that they did. They told me I was an orphan, and that my dad was once a great scientist and died in a freak accident when one of his own works backfired on him. No one told me exactly why, but I had his notebook with me, I was talking about it earlier, remember? This became the reason why I decided to continue the research. Maybe somehow, I'll remember bits of my past and more of my dad. I don't know, but it's still worth a shot.

Dad designed this program called the Neurovascular Invasive Electronic System, which is basically an enhancer to the human body system, composed of millions of micrometer plasma robots programmed to connect to the cerebellum igniting neurons to specifically supplement movement, posture and balance while some also gather to the brain stem to regulate the basic life support of the body. The rest floods down to the spine or the muscles, but mostly surrounding our cells since that’s where most of the magic in our body begins. Did I ever mention that they prefer to situate themselves along long bones since that’s where most cell formation takes place? But that’s another boring story I’m sure you guys aren’t interested in listening to. 
Let me just cut it down to the simplest, most relatable way I can explain to you guys.

If you watch movies, then maybe you can imagine someone evolving into a Captain America. That's basically it. It also became an office joke that my dad was a fan of Captain America and dreamed of making the unreal come to life.

Well now, the joke is on everyone who made fun of him.

The secret to the N. I. E. S. is that it actually has nanobots that run through your system, they are half the size of your eosinophils--random white blood cells responsible for infection control--and like our cells, they have their own categories. To enhance one's intelligence, the concentration of neuron-like nanobots are injected into the Cerebrospinal fluid (or your brain juice). 
To increase the stamina of your body we inject them into your veins, that way they get faster access to your cells, help back up their mitochondrion—the cell’s powerhouse—and for faster regeneration they go deep to your bones where cells are naturally reconstructed within your body. For faster reparation, we inject these into parts of your muscles and voila. 
No one really notices, but all our core energy lies within the cellular structures of our body. And I know you wouldn’t want me lecturing stuff about science here when you can already learn them at school.

If you ever manage to appreciate the ingenuity of my father’s work, isn’t it amazing to realize that he created that? The N. I. E. S. And I just improved it by creating a software to externally manipulate these nanobots to make adjustments more convenient from the outside. With this, we won’t have to mass-produce several more millions of nanobots to constantly inject into the human body. What we can do now is just inject 500 milliliters of plasmodium nanobots that can be easily acquiesced to our specific biologic enhancement. 
I bet ladies would also love to have this injected into them since they also have the capacity to burn down fats in certain areas of your bodies or increase in it helping you aim for the dream bod. Beautiful isn’t it?

When I finally get to have my guinea pig I’ll show you what I mean. Since all of ERA's agents are actually stolen products of ARC, I believe that it's only righteous that we demand a volunteer from them. Since no one would want to volunteer for us, General Portley thought of 'borrowing,' an agent. In case you’ve noticed how General Portley and I share the last name, that was just because he adopted me. So yeah, he’s basically my father-figure. I just felt like I needed to mention it. It’s nothing important, really.

I knew it would be a little too unorthodox, so I just volunteered myself. Injecting those nanobots into my veins would make it less of a hassle than going through all the trouble just to pluck one off from our rival institution. Like I said, no one listens to me so what the heck, at least I get to design our strategic tactics.

But who am I kidding again? They thought my assault was a little too soft and weak. The general had other plans, as always. I don't understand what is it with soldiers and their guns when they can just sneak in and get what they need without affecting a whole University. He said something about dignity and honor. Well whatever crap he had going on was actually losing him some men.

And he was losing our guinea pig.

I know I was against this entire abduction thing, but I needed to know if my work is a success.

So yes, I had to waltz into a dangerous University and it was kind of easy at first. Our target, Agent Gould is just the man we needed. I know he has some sort of grudge with our organization, I’m guessing you guys might have the slightest idea of what. I just hope that he won't be taking things too personal after this.

When I found him along the corridors, I kicked him down and he kicked me down. He eventually had a gun pointed at me. Trust me, it was no fun being at the other end of a loaded gun. Anyway, our encounter was short-lived. At least some of my men considered knocking the other agent unconscious from another room, buying us some time to counter the Quarantine operation crap the enemy was so obsessed with.

Seriously, I just don't get why they need to kill off their agents out here in the field. It's simply so brutal. Well anyway, judging by how easily they decided to delete these guys off their list, I guess recycling them is pretty much legal now.

Few hours after that, here I am now, donned in my favorite white coat, eye goggles and mask. We managed to 'rescue' three: the two agents we needed and some poor, random girl that was probably a passerby that got entangled in all this mess.

They were all strapped down in metal gurneys situated at calculated distances from each other inside this vast, white room. Stripped down to nothing but a measly gown patients usually wear in hospitals, multiple apparatuses stickered to their skin as our—correction: my technology recorded the vital reading of their bodies.

We had a pulse oximeter, which I redesigned to additionally detect any of the N. I. E. S. in their blood stream, connected to each of their index finger. The biggest man of the three, placed on bed A, had less compared to what Agent Gould had running through his blood. I scribbled away in their charts, noting the density in Gould’s.

What intrigued me was this girl that I was now manually monitoring. I checked and rechecked and there was no sign of our N. I. E. S. Either ERA developed something a little more sophisticated or she was just clean from any of it.

I grabbed my penlight from my breast pocket and ran through her neurologic vital signs. The N. I. E. S.  always made the brain hyperactive and very sensitive. Her eyes constricted gradually as I shined the light across her eyes. I marked a negative on her chart and emphasized for a blood sample later this afternoon.

We just needed another twenty-four hours before these guys stirred and decide to rip our heads off. I wonder what the general decides to do with these guys after I'm done testing my new technology on them.

Maybe if I persisted he would let me try on my Rubrix to see how it would affect these men physically as I manipulate certain areas of their body.

I looked back to the girl. Hm, she's quite the looker I admit. She had blonde hair wildly framing her serene face. Pale, chapped lips that slightly parted and a soft glow despite the pallor that washed over her. I rechecked the calibration of the Intravenous fluids connected to her vein before I took a step back.

She looked familiar. I wondered if she was the poor girl that the general decided to use as bait for Agent Gould.

I never knew Gould was a sucker for blondes. At least I personally know something about my guinea pig—wait a minute, I think she’s stirring. There were cameras everywhere, so I had to look as professional as I could before soldiers are sent in here to kill off my patients. I can’t tell you exactly if that was really going to happen, but hey, better to be paranoid than have things gone bad unprepared, right? I better go find that sedative. I waltzed as calmly as I could to a small drawer nearby the only entrance to this room and grabbed the first prefilled syringe I could find before heading back to her. Her Electroencephalogram slowly indicated her rousing from her deep slumber. I slowly injected the solution into her IV bag and watched in horror as the fluids slowly turned purple and darted down her line and into her veins.
 What did I do?
I looked at the empty syringe in my hand and there I read it in bold red caps: N. I. E. S.  SERUM. 
Just kidding! Haha! I bet I got you didn’t I? Sorry about that, I just couldn’t help myself. No the IV bag didn’t turn purple and nothing went straight to her system but she did mutter a faint chant that caught my ear that sounded something along the lines of:
“…my name is Robyn…”
CHAPTER FOUR

Robyn's POV

Ow. My head hurts. My body feels numb. And don't get me started with my throat.

It's like another one of those mornings where you wake up from a horrible hangover and get banged up by--Oh my God! I will not even entertain that thought.

What happened last night? Why does my bed feel so stiff, and where is that blanket. I blindly fished for the said object until I slowly began wondering... Why can't I move? Why can't I frikkin move?

"Hello?" I yelped. My throat hurt like hell! Did I have broken shards of glass for dinner last night or something?

"Anyone there?" I whimpered. Ugh, maybe I should shut up. My throat felt so horrible I could feel a terrible bacteria-causing cold invading it right now. Either that or I nearly drowned in a pool. Whatever, swallowing even hurts I'm getting goosebumps from the horrible feeling.

"Shh!"

I blinked, hastily looking around as my head allowed me. Something, apparently, was also keeping it in place. I take in as much as I needed to understand that I'm in a hospital. Am I being restrained?

"Why am I being restrained?" my voice cracked towards the end, I cleared my throat only to wince at the searing pain it left after. My goodness, what in the world is happening? And then it hit me.

The last thing I remembered is hiding in a closet until, "They got me," I mumbled to myself.

"Keep it down," a strong male voice echoed quietly in the room.

"Help! I've been kidnapped!" the moment those words left my mouth the horrific realization began sinking in. "Oh my God, I'm kidnapped."

The dim lights blared brightly at the sound of a click.

"Ah, you're awake," said another voice that was far less abrasive than the other man's.

"Please don't hurt me," I whimpered as I heard footsteps approaching. I must be in some sort of illegal laboratory where they'll take my brain and turn me into one of their cyborg soldiers like what I've read off wattpad. My goodness, I think I've read too much.

"Sorry about all this."

I could feel cold hands brushing against my skin as he removed the linens one by one. I'm not one to complain, though. He must be a good guy, letting me out and all.

"I bet your neck's stiff from all this," he said nonchalantly.

If this were to happen in a different scenario, I would have easily retorted a sarcastic comment. I meant I could if I wanted a bullet through my brain.

I tried to roll to my side and slowly push up, but when I did, my arms wouldn't even comply. I just lay to my side as helpless as a vegetable man in the ICU.

I wouldn't exactly say that I like what I'm seeing as I took in the mid-section of a white doctor-like robe where beyond that I saw a neighboring gurney, strapping down a conscious man probably from head to toe with leather belts.

"Don't push yourself, sweeatheart. The sedative will keep you from running off, and you better stick close to me if you don't want to get into trouble,"

I take in his familiar American accent. His voice was like a song that I once couldn't get over and now that I did I'm having a horrible time trying to remember how it went. Thinking heavily about this small matter was giving me a migraine, and falling limp in such a drastic scenario as this is like having a nightmare where you have to drag with your heavy body to escape.

"Where am I?" I asked, my voice was growing harsh I think I sounded like a man.

"I'm sorry but I can't tell you that either," He flashed something brighter across my eyes and I recoiled from it. How would you like it if you were having a migraine and someone was flashing the sun at your eyes?

"Easy now, I just needed to see if--"

"I'm coherent and conscious, I’m obviously not in a coma," I managed to blurt those out, I don't care if he was a doctor. "I'm a nurse and fully aware of how these things go. So you can stop that now because it’s not helping my migraine!"

Okay, maybe not a licensed one, yet. Yet. Meaning I eventually will, just not now, like maybe after the results come out then I’ll know. But he doesn't have to know that. Whoever this guy is.

"Right. Robyn was it?" he asked again.

Robyn? I opened my mouth to protest until I had a strange instinct to just nod to what he said. Just go along to whatever this guy believes in. I know it was against our nursing way to communicate with anyone but—Oh right, I remembered biker dude’s instructions. Okay then, I’m Robyn.

"Well, Robyn, tell me anything that you remember so far." Judging by how my bed shifted slightly, he sat by the edge. Now I can see him. I strained my eyes hard enough to try and take in as much features as I could to report to the police officers should I ever encounter one in the near future.

There I take in a...a... Oh how do I put it without sounding so pathetic? I mean, I'm clearly in danger, but here I am thinking how much of a hottie this doctor is. You know what's even more pathetic? I can't even tell if this guy really is a doctor or some psychopathic guy trying to pass of as a doctor.

For all I know this could be a mental hospital where all the patients have overthrown the medical staff. Just like that one movie I saw two years ago. Which then brings me to an abrupt thought:

"What's happening?" I asked, feebly trying to readjust myself, completely asking something that was not answering his question.

"Oh nothing much, you're just in a hospital--"

"Oh shut the fuck up! I can't believe you'd stoop to something as low as this."

I jumped at the brash tone coming from my neighboring bed. Judging by the sudden intensity the air was suffocating me with, these guys aren't in good terms.

"Why is he--why are we restrained, I mean him?" I asked quietly, deciding whether or not I wanted to be heard.

The doctor simply smiled at me as if he was just your average family doctor giving you your average prescription to cure your average flu.

It was easier to think like that if he wasn't such a hunk. His ebony hair was neatly gelled, he had a very prominent, beardless face and broad shoulders that probably had a matching toned body hiding under all those clothes.

What the hell just popped into my head? I mentally scrubbed away those inappropriate thoughts. Thank goodness he stood up and moved on to the next bed to calmly argue with the angry patient. Well maybe the doctor was a little too calm about it, unlike the patient. I listened quietly, picking up pieces of information like pieces of paper scattered everywhere in the room.

From what I understood, the patient's name was Gold and the Doctor was Portley. Gold had a terrible temper and seemed to be very violent with the way he threatened to creatively kill off the doctor, which was more than enough to know that he was probably a mental patient.

Dr. Portley, on the other hand seemed excited as he explained something about tiny robots running through Gold's blood stream and that he had a few tests to run on him before letting him go.

Okay, maybe they're both crazy.

I could even diagnose the two right now. Gold has antisocial disorder. And I'm afraid the "doctor" might even be schizotypal! Oh dear Lord. Their patients have overrun this mental hospital.

The two seemed so tuned out in their heated discussion I might have the slightest chance to escape this. I looked around the white room developing a new sense of awareness towards my surroundings. Suddenly, I realized how annoying the ECG machine sounded the longer I had to listen to it.

But who cares. I saw a door left slightly ajar. That must be where Portley entered. Quickly glancing at the two men, the doctor was now laughing at the infuriated patient. My goodness, the doctor has an adorable dimple.

Desperately dismissing the thought, I tried to sit up carefully and see if they'd notice. They didn't but I did notice how hot the patient was. Unlike the doctor, his skin was tanned; his hair was dark brown and unruly, and his arms looked big and strong, straining against the straps that held him down.

Stop it! Just stop. How could these crazy people distract me so easily?

Diverting my thoughts to other things, I began wiggling my toes to make sure that I could control them. Then I tried to raise them; sluggish. That's how they moved. But it was good enough. I looked back; none of them seemed to notice what I was planning.

I know this is risky, but I had to get out of here. I don't know how and I might end up dead, but at least I tried. Then maybe my parents will see my name published in the front page: Nursing Graduate Brutally Murdered by Mental Patients!

Okay, maybe it didn't have to turn out that way. Maybe it would be something like: Nursing Graduate Barely Survives Kidnap from Mental Patients!

Well at least I survived. I found myself crawling out of bed and soon enough as I padded across the room towards the door, my whole world turned and as expected the floor greeted me coldly as it slapped itself against my front.

Yes. Thank you for being so slow that I had to repeat myself that I fell face first. Ouch. Oh no, don’t mind me, it didn’t hurt or anything. I tried lifting my head only to fail after my vision became a flurry of swirls.

"Robyn, I already told you you're too sedated to attempt an escape, try again later when it wears off," said the doctor. It didn't take a genius to figure out his sarcasm.

A few confusing and blurry moments later, I found myself trying to escape again this time with the angry patient, Gold. Though, I can't seem to remember how I got to this point, I don't even think it mattered how because right now, we were in a car. I was driving and he was siting next to me, occasionally poking through the window and--holy shit! Was he shooting someone?

"What the hell?" I screamed, coming down to my senses. We were out in the forest and I was trying my best to stay on the dirt path.

He sat back in, loading his gun, "Keep driving!"

And so I did. I glanced at the rearview mirror and watched in horror the moment he took the shot, it broke through the other car's windshield before the car swerved to the side and crashed to a tree. This is so not happening!

"What's happening?" I repeated unrelentingly as he shot more of our pursuers down. I began driving on autopilot, my tachometer maintained its range in the red section and everything past us moved in a blur.

Happy place. Just think of your happy place and happy thoughts and all this will be over soon enough.

I watched the road turn from dirt to cement and the view from trees to houses and then buildings--

"You coping well?"

"Huh?" My head snapped to him. I loosened my grip on the wheel, trying to smoothen out cramped up muscles.

He repeated the question. Was he seriously asking that question? I watched him tuck his ugly black handgun in his pants. Wait. How come he gets pants? I glance back to my gown. Great. I bet I'm not even wearing any underwear. You know what? Never mind.

"Wonderful pants, I wonder where you got them?" I smiled tightly.

"I don't think you'd want to know," he sighed, leaning back.

I was about to protest but after witnessing what he was even capable off. I'm not so sure I'd even want to know now. So I just shut up and concentrated on driving.

It was a perfect day actually. All that really happened was that I took my exam and the next thing I knew I'm driving for my life. I never even liked driving. A faint memory fluttered by, reminding me of our quick argument about who was to drive. He gave me a choice: shoot people or drive the effing car. That shut me up.

"You know you can slow down now."

I didn't really mind swerving past cars and stoplights. I didn't even care if we got into an accident. I don't mind at all if I died just to end all this! Okay, maybe I didn't want to die. But I didn't want to slow down just because he said ‘Look at me, I’m so badass you have to follow my orders, bitch.’ Not that he said that or anything, but I can imagine him thinking exactly just that--a huge truck randomly showed up from my peripheral vision and I stomped on the breaks but we were still moving!

Oh my God! I don't want to die yet!

I braced myself for the inevitable as the car screeched and a cacophony of honks chorused indignantly. I even felt my guts nosedive to my feet to the point where screaming was the best way to relieve the pressure and then... And then it stopped. Everything stopped. We even stopped moving.

"Jesus, Robyn what the fuck is wrong with you?" He gasped, finally breaking the moment of silence. He sounded more rattled than I was.

When I looked up, I saw him running a hand through his disheveled hair, grumbling things to himself I couldn't hear. I probably wouldn't even like what he said.

Looking around helped me realize that we crashed through a park, denting a metal row of fences. We basically ran over a park fence? Are we supposed to pay for this? I'd rather pay for this than serve the community for a while. But if I were to chose between that or jail, I'd choose community service, of course.

Oh and look, people are beginning to crowd us now.

"You could have killed us both!" I watched his tan face turn to a shade of red. "And look, I told you low profile! Never mind, we should get out before the cops get here."

He stepped out. I let out the breath I've been holding in for quite a while. The sudden breeze that flew in made me realize how sticky and gross this gown felt against my skin. Where can I even find underwear out here? Where is here anyway?

I glanced at the car’s digital clock, it's almost two in the afternoon and because its summer I'm sweating like a pig! Why didn't we even bother turning on the air-conditioning? Then I surreptitiously sniffed myself. I grimaced in dissatisfaction. How long since I last bathed? I needed a good scrub--Thud!

He pounded my side of the car, causing my heart to skip and run for another mile. Holy shit! What is wrong with him?

I stepped out of the car, he needed a piece of my mind and I was going to give it to him—he grabbed me by the wrist and pushed us both through the crowd. I heard sirens from the distance and gasps from the crowd as we headed for the narrowest alley Gold could find. Wow, the cops are fast! But we're not the bad guys! It was an accident with what I did to the city's park. And come on, it was only a few fences; surely the government could pay that off easily. Right?

Which reminds me, I don't even have my license with me! Oh no! I'm definitely going to jail. There goes my dream of working in the hospital. It's not like I wanted to anyway. I believed this was a sign that I was not destined to be a nurse after all.

The feel of grass between my toes made me shudder and the heat from the pavement surely blistered my feet. Oh my poor feet, having to suffer such punishment after scrubbing them daily in the shower. It's just too cruel. I kept screaming at this man to give me some shoes at least, and clothes!

Clothes! Crap! I tried to feel around for the back of my gown where it’s usually tied shut. You know what, let me just tell you I'm glad I don't know those people. I don't even want to talk about how horrible my day just went because my ass got a glimpse of the whole world. Yes. I know. I know it's horrible so just shut up. Do me a favor and help me forget everything that happened just now. Never mind, you're not helping at all. Just. Shut. Up.

I don't know how long we've been running for. I don't even know where we are. There was nothing else to see but more brick walls to our left and right and some occasional streets we quickly crossed before entering another alley.

 I can barely keep up with this guy and his speed is so hard to catch up to I knew I was bound to trip sooner and later--Never mind I just did.

"Get up!" He commanded.

"Oh shut up!" I barked, "I'm tired of running, the whole world just saw my ass, my feet hurts like hell and don't get me started with this scrape on my knee—oh my God my elbow is bleeding! Hey! I'm talking to you! Where are you going?" I sat upright the moment he let go of my wrist. He surely can't just leave me here!

"Leaving you alone," he said, clearly annoyed.

"Well you can't," I shrieked, staggering to my feet, "you dragged me into this so fix it!"

He began pacing. His hands went through his hair, down his face and then to his hips before he went another round of pacing repeating the same gestures. He was clearly just as frustrated as I. At least he had pants on and shoes. So technically, I was more pitiful than he ever will be.

"It's your fault for dragging me into this," I added. Great, I wish I hadn't said that because now he was looking at me like he wanted to bite my head off.

"My fault?" He repeated. I know how to deal with angry patients, I just didn't know how to deal with one who knew how to shoot my brains.

"Now it's my fault? I decided to play the Good Samaritan not once but twice! I saved you from the Wipe Out and I saved you from those assholes and I'm saving you now from all this that I don't even know what to do with you anymore from all your whining! I should have left you back in that closet and have those bastards kill you off!"

When he stopped we both realized that he was already invading my personal space. He stepped away from me, kicking an empty can that bounced off the wall as he breathed a steady line of curses.

I pressed my back against a cool, damp, might I add, disgusting wall behind me. I cringed when I accidentally stepped into some puddle with other fluids I dared not think about. I hugged myself, trying to fight back tears. There was just so much emotions racking through my system right now I didn't know what to do with it.

When he approached me again, I braced myself, waiting for that blow across my cheek. It never came. Instead he removed his white gown and draped it across my shoulders. And I know it was very inappropriate but I couldn't tear my eyes away from those muscular bare arms, they were as thick as two of my forearms put together, yum! His chest were so chiseled they looked as if he underwent surgery to have them padded, and his abs. Don't get me started with those delicious rock hard abs.

"Let's go," He muttered, then turned, walking away.

I tried my best not to fall in a daze and went after him. You can't blame me for being helpless. I grew up with a nanny, I was spoon fed by my mom and my dad practically bought anything I wanted. We weren't rich. I was just an only child. All this hardships were new to me. The greatest struggle I ever experienced was my horrible break up with Alex several months ago.

I'm so tired in all aspects that made me human. I just wanted to go home, but I didn't even have the money to get there. Fear was another factor because someone was also out there ready to kill me. The sad part is, I never even agreed to any deal the biker dude closed me in to.

"Gold, right?" I asked weakly. He didn't respond but I knew he was listening. We stepped out from the alley and passed through a crowd, later we emerged with a random coat bunched up against my shoulders. I thanked him, it wasn't much and I am aware that this was stolen, but at least I felt less naked. Today was a long day; the whole city was slowly turning purple as the sun began setting beyond the distance. I don’t like this sad, nostalgic feeling. It made me even more tired and depressed.

"Gold," I tried again.

"What?" he asked, finally.

I debated on whether or not my words mattered but: "I'm hungry.”
I waited for him to complain again. It never came. Instead he just sighed and asked what I preferred. I don’t know if he was also hungry or was just being nice. At least, I knew he was human and that was enough to convince me that he was someone I can put up with until all this is over.

CHAPTER FIVE

 Ethan's POV
Strapped and unarmed, you can consider me vulnerable as a sitting duck. But I'm not weak.

There I was lying down on a gurney in a highly secured medical room with Agent Craw to my right and the annoying girl to my left. Craw hasn't stirred yet, maybe that was because the concentration of the NIES was lower in his blood compared to mind, increasing my metabolism and therefore shortening the duration of the sedative.

I waited for the last bits of the drug to wear out as I began conjuring up a plan to escape this facility. It would have been easier if the girl hadn't risen yet from her sleep because now her annoying, shrill voice was becoming the reason to my headache.

"Shh!" I hissed. Goddamn I couldn't take it anymore. She was like this banshee that was stuck on replay to forever rape my ears.

I thought that did the trick but it only made her talk faster, "Keep it down!" I grounded out.

"Help! I've been kidnapped! Oh my God I'm kidnapped," she began mumbling to herself like a chipmunk high on sugar. Could someone just knock her out for me? Please?

The lights turned on. Finally. That seemed to shut her up for good. I craned my neck as hard as I could until I saw a doctor talking to the annoying girl. Oh, she's blonde. Don't hate me for being discriminate or anything but seeing that she's blonde kind of helped me understand her a little more.

While they were getting comfortable having their little chitchat, I turned to see Craw, hoping he was awake. He barely was, I needed him to be alert and conscious if we were both going to survive this one. This wasn't our first near-death experience, but this was my first time to be held hostage.

I knew why they needed me. The only reason ERA is in war with ARC is because of the NIES that was injected into me. Of course ARC was being all unprofessional about it and clearly needed to have it back, it was annoying.

"Craw," I whispered low. It was discreet enough for the two to completely miss out but it was loud enough if you had the serum into your system. They polish out our senses, so there was even a point where you could hear, see, taste and feel everything so distinctly it was disturbing. I developed a sense of selective focus that took a lot of work throughout the years, and it has been paying off lately.

"Craw," I try again. This time his blue eyes darted knowingly at me. I nodded slightly and so did he. Back in the academy they taught us so many basic tactics should we ever stumble into a tight situation. These were one of those scenarios we were prepared for.

I turned to look back at the enemy; he was sitting on the banshee's bed facing my way, babbling useless crap to the girl. Judging from his facial structure and all too familiar built, I could easily tell that he was the exact same man that helped me find Craw and the Target. I hate it when people lie to me. Good thing I reserved myself to give him the benefit of doubt. To think that there were some good men just lost in ARC, I knew I should have known better that this was all a trap.

"Oh shut the fuck up! I can't believe you'd stoop down to something as low as this," I demanded his attention.

It went well because now he was sauntering towards me with a pathetic smile on his face. I gave him an idea on how I wanted to kill him off with just the IV pole next to me. And he didn't even seem disturbed as he went through a boring monologue that I don't even give a shit about.

I just kept him talking to me, trying to play along with his witty come backs even if it sickened me. Craw managed to work his way around the leather strap that kept his hands flat on his thighs. He was now loosening himself and carefully tested how far his body has recovered. I took this all in with just my peripheral vision.

The guy who I was talking to was wearing a white doctor-like coat with Portley stitched onto his breast pocket. I found that stupid. Was he seriously giving away personal information to his captives? Whatever, I might consider hunting him down in the future. I told him that just to give Craw enough time to recover. I saw him give me a nod, but at the same time... Oh shit. Was she seriously trying to make a run for it?

I was considering dragging her along until she was safe somewhere with her family again. I weighed my sense of Moral Issues--shit, this was almost too funny. Because one moment she was limping towards the door and the next thing I knew she disappeared. She obviously fell face first; to top it off her ass was occasionally poking through the gap of the white gown! I didn't even know what was funnier.

I caught myself almost smiling from the hilarity when I saw the doctor trying to stifle from a laugh.

"Robyn," he said, "I already told you you're too sedated to attempt an escape, try again later when it wears off."

 So that was her name. Robin? Strange, I'm guessing her parents must have an obsession with those blue birds. And birds were annoying especially in the morning. I could almost see the similarities between the bird and this banshee.

Maybe the girl helped us out with distracting Portley. Now it was easier for Craw to break free from all those contraptions connected to him. He grabbed his IV pole and swung it at Portley.

He jumped away from me amateurishly. This was going to be easy. I broke off from my contraptions as well and grabbed my IV pole. I knew it seemed to lack originality, but let me tell you what; desperate times call for desperate measures.

I was mildly surprised when he at least knew how to defend himself with just the metal chart he had with him. He even cut Craw across the torso with the blunt edge of the metal. I mentally cringed at the pain my colleague was under, but who cares, at least he had the NIES to clean that up for him.

Somehow his back up filed in and snuck up on us just as we managed to step out of the room. I was beginning to wonder now if I shouldn't have gone back in to carry the girl with us because that kind of slowed us down. Like I’ve said before, a second too late is a second too dangerous.

Armed men garbed in white uniform eyed our every move carefully as they pointed their rifles while Portley recomposed himself. The hall was just as white as the patients room that you could easily be fooled into thinking that you were in a hospital. I was trying to take in as much as I could and weighed my options.

Craw and I could easily escape this place even with this girl on our back. Or, we could try and blow up this facility for good. I glanced at Craw. He seemed to have an idea of my thoughts and slowly shook his head. Okay maybe we can blow this place up next time.

"Beautiful," Portley said, dabbing a string of blood trailing down the corner of his mouth. "Amazing how my father's work made you. You should thank him for that,"

We both kept quiet. Maybe he might slip and give us additional information that we might need. He of course mentioned about the Target we were after, we later learned its name: The Rubrix. It was designed to manipulate the NIES from the outside since the serum was basically billions of nanobots running through our system. I appreciated the ingenuity, but also realized that if they were fixed on my brain and other vital organs he can kill hundreds of our men back in ERA or he had the potential to control us to his liking.

He said he just wanted to 'borrow' us if he was right and actually tried to ask us politely, then he tried again, we were still not convinced until I finally decided to play along. Craw didn't question me. We were trained like this. Even if he was my superior, ranks didn't matter to us since we both knew how often I beat him in chess.

Strangely enough, Portley gave us a quick tour to his 'mansion'; his men protested, suggesting that he didn't have to, but this guy didn't listen to them. Maybe he was the mastermind. He did mention that his father was the one who created the NIES.

The ARC lived up to its name. Amalgamated Research Constitution, their fields of expertise ranged from insects to plant, machine to robots and other broader categories; I could've sworn they covered everything known in this planet. They had laboratories according to each division, rooms of computers and even field researchers who were assigned to venture out.

The whole building was so pristinely white it reminded me of an enlarged Apple Store. The structure of this building was cylindrical and judging by how the sun peered through the roofless center, these guys might be working under solar power. All departmental offices had their own floor and all of them rounded the walls of the building. The center was just a big circular gap. I glanced down but I guessed we were too high up for me to see the bottom.

How were we going to escape this place? The glass elevator that we stepped into was so wide that all twenty-four of us could fit in the vast space; Portley, Craw, Robyn the twenty armed men and I. We descended to the bottom where I caught a glimpse of an enormous carpark with wheeled machines before we dove deeper down. Below that carpark was an empty white large foyer.

Two armed men cuffed each of our wrists with metal rings before old men garbed in white robes, like Portley's, stuck circular stickers to our body: one each for the sides of our forehead, two at the back for each lung, three to mark the electrical conductivity of our heart and others scattered to where our pulses were palpable. Then, they gave us pants, thank goodness.

After fully prepping us, they placed us together in one room with glass for walls while they tied the girl and one of them slung her on his shoulder.

"You think they could hear us?" I turned to face Craw as I watched Portley observe us intently. His four researchers were tapping things in a holographic screen that popped up from the glass wall while his twenty soldiers lined the wall behind him, blocking the elevator, which was our only way out.

"Most probably," He rolled his shoulders.

"You saw what I saw?"

"Basically everything you took in," He smiled softly, "Tango Delta one-nineteen?"

I smiled, "definitely."

I ran to him and he knelt down, interlocking his fingers as I stepped on his palms. He gave me a boost and I rolled in the air, using the momentum as I willed the bots to concentrate to my feet. I kicked through the glass and it shattered like powder before taking down as much enemies as I could. Craw ran for the girl and some guns while I gathered more, letting a rain of bullets from keeping them isolated from more backup.

Portley was a tough one; he staggered to his feet, barely surviving the bullets.
I smirked, "it was nice knowing you,"
I headed for the elevator where Craw was waiting for me. He had the girl slung on his shoulder and even kept her dignity when he folded the gown over the gap on her back to hide her ass cheeks. I winked at him then turned to watch the elevator doors close.

Shit. Was that Portley with a gun pointed at me? Something knocked the air from my lungs as I was thrown to the side. The doors closed as I took in deep steady breaths.

"Jesus Craw!" I saw him supine on the ground, "Why the hell'd you do that you asshole!"

I saw the morbid gap between his forehead as blood stained the white marble floor. I pushed the girl far so that she didn't have to have his blood on her and so that she could stop screaming. Why didn’t they plaster duct tape over her mouth? They already had her wrists and ankles cuffed, why not go for the whole package, right?

Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! I gingerly lifted Craw's head and grabbed his cheeks. His eyes were already dull and his pulse was already gone. "Come on man! Use your fucking NIES! Don't leave me like this, man!"

I'm not sure if the nanobots can fix this. But fuck! Oh fuck! The elevator was blinking red; thank goodness it stopped at the carpark. They were coming.

"Don't leave me man! What do I tell Agent Green? Shit Michael... Don't..." I dropped my head. Who am I kidding? He was gone forever.

The rage that surged through my vision got me plowing through the white-armed men. I grabbed the girl. Craw must have had a reason for deciding to bring her. I grabbed an armful of firearms that Craw had slung over his shoulders and then the girl who was thrashing against my hold, at least she was conscious. I stepped into some random car that wasn't fucking white, dumped all the rifles at the back and shot through her cuffs so she could move freely.

"Drive or fucking kill these bastards!" I roared into her face just so that she would shut up. I was in so much spite that I needed to kill as much. She was driving around in circles, running over soldiers filing in. I commanded her to drive straight through where they came from and soon enough we were out in the open.

I couldn't think anymore as I gunned more and more down until I ran out of bullets. I dove back in the car, grabbed one rifle sitting in the back seat.

"What's happening?" she shrieked.

"Keep driving!" I poked through the window and resumed fucking murdering anyone who was trying to gain on us. I decorated everything with bullets that moved towards us and only moved on to the next once they crash and or explode.

I was giving them no mercy. They didn't fucking need any.

My brain was programmed to see blood. I can't believe it! I can't and won't and never will believe how that fucking Portley shot a bullet through Craw. And Craw was such an asshole! Why the hell did he have to take the fucking bullet for me! This is bullshit. Everything is fucking bullshit!

I've lost everyone. Everyone! My mom who I've never heard of, my dad who died in their hands, my brother because of the stupid experiment and now Craw... Fucking Craw. They had to take the only man who was closest to me... The only family I had left. No. There was still Green. His wife. You remember her? She was the one I was talking to while I was headed for the University. I forgot to mention about her, but she was Agent Green.

Oh shit. How will I even break it to her? I'm sorry Emily. I let you down. I can't even imagine the look on her face when I tell her.

Emily Green was the woman Michael Craw fell in love with five years ago. And five years ago I hated her. I was always so jealous whenever I caught Michael making his moves on her. She had always been a threat to me. But eventually, she rubbed off on me. The next few years they eventually got married. The two of them were like my parents.

She was initially Craw's Intel from the headquarters and was being trained to become mine. She was the best, and the General believed that I needed her. Together, the three of us were perfect, my assignments in the Academy differed from other noobs because I get to actually go out to the field and not just run through a simulation. I experienced getting shot and all those other things that could almost kill me.

Technically she was the only family I had left now that her husband died.

After nearly getting killed by the truck, thankfully I knew how to drift on the street, we crashed through a park, had the cops on our trail until we eventually lost them through the alleyways.

There was a moment I decided to give up on this whiny girl along the way. I simply couldn't stand her going on and on. But if I did, I couldn't live with the fact that if she ever died, I'd have her blood on my hands. Craw would have risked his life for nothing, and I wouldn't want any of his efforts to go to waste.

Maybe I should contact Green, tell her where we were and then we could probably find a place to stay for night. As we walked through a crowd I swiped a brown trench coat off a chair from a cafe and slung it over Robyn, I fished another for myself. We walked through a downtown bizarre and emerged with new clothes and shoes.

The girl was going crazy, because she loved what I chose and when she found something better we'd have to go back in. It was pretty horrible when I caught myself shopping for her selfish wants when all I wanted was to just keep a low profile by having on normal clothes. I sternly reprimanded her to stop being childish.

It was crazy when she began whining about: "Clothes! If you're just gonna steal them, at least steal the best!"

"Look, don't talk me into these stupid things." I barked.

She fell quiet when I reminded her about the situation we were in. I snagged a few wallets before tucking them into my pants. God, she's so annoying. At first we had another argument where she forced me to return a rich man's wallet. The second time I tried again she told the owner that he dropped it and that I was handing it back.

I had to drag her again to a corner and articulate that we needed money to buy food!

"Do you have cash?"

"No!" she protested, "But that is still wrong! The weight of Karma--"

"Cannot feed you!" I cut her in, "nor can it save you from those people back there hunting you down! I'm not enjoying any of this like you think I am but we need the money! What difference would it make if I plucked wallets off men if I've been stealing clothes to satisfy your stupid clothes fetish!”

Oh shit she was on the verge of tears. I can’t risk starting a scene in such a busy place. I sighed heavily then ran a hand down my face. Whatever. "Stay here or come with me, I don't care. I'm trying to survive until I can get help."

I stalked off and she followed. I knew she was going to anyway; she had nowhere else to run. I yanked two fat wallets off a posh woman and another decorated with gold before heading for the payphone I spotted at the corner.

I punched in a combination of numbers and clicked the switchhook rhythmically that said: ERA in Morse code. A dead tone first greeted me, soon I heard a series of faint 'clicks' it was another Morse code that asked for my serial number, and I keyed it in.

Throughout the dead tone my sensitive ears picked up a tiny voice machine requesting me to state the purpose of my call. My wish was to report to the General of my whereabouts and the grave news of my late comrade. I also requested for a place to stay, along with equipment to arm myself before a chauffeur would come pick us up and send us back to the Head Quarters.

At first I thought I heard the voice machine wrong. I asked to repeat what it just said. I needed at least three times of repetition before I slowly managed to digest what it just said:

"I'm sorry Alpha Niner Zero One, but you have been relieved from your duties for serving the Elite Recombinant Agency. Using the location of this frequency, a prep team will be on your way for standard procedure. We apologize for any abrupt change in course. Thank you and have a nice day.”
I slammed the handset on the payphone and dazed into the distance.
“Well?” asked Robyn, walking towards me, “what’d they say?”
“I’m fired.” I stated bluntly, “and I haven’t even graduated.”

CHAPTER SIX

Robyn's POV
Look, I know that maybe it's mean to look at other's failures to make you feel better. But I just couldn't help it.

Hey, I may not have my license yet but at least I graduated. I couldn't help but grin as I sat next to this Gold guy, trying to comfort him as best as my nursing ways could. It must be hard to almost have your dream job slip right past your fingers.

We were on a curb by some street named Nathan Road where a busy bizarre was having its usual day in front of us. Tall buildings stood around like a massive fortress as thousands of business people waltzed in and out of them.

I've never been in these parts of the nation before.

"You know, I was actually the best in my league,"

I nodded quietly as he began. He surely has narcissism. He soon went through a roller coaster of emotions like a girl at the peak of her PMS, he was angry at our abductors, then he was crying--okay maybe he didn't but he almost did for sure--because of some school he didn't graduate from and then he was laughing because his job fired him.

Well that made sense. I kind of felt bad for him. I tried to tell him to let it out but he just gave an awkward stern look. I wasn't much of a drinker but it might help this guy somehow. He needed to loosen up a bit more.

"Wanna go get drunk?" okay maybe that didn't make my intentions sound the way I wanted it to be.

"No thanks," he sighed, "I can't get drunk anyway. Come on, they're coming."

I hurried after him. I wanted to know what he meant by that but what seemed like a more important question to ask was: "Who is?"

"The Cleaners,"

I laughed as we entered the heavy throng of businessmen. "What are they gonna do? Soap us to death?"

"Well maybe not soap us, more of like gun and or knife us to death. Depends on how creative they are to get rid of us"

Whoa! What a horrible way to get fired. I kept pestering him to tell me why his company had to go kill him off when he hadn't even graduated yet? I know that didn't make sense but I asked it anyway. Maybe his answers will make some sense out of it.

Instead, he just kept quiet and grabbed a few more wallets right in front of me.

Damn, this guy's so evil! No wonder his Karma is so horrible! Maybe if he weren’t like this then none of this would happen. What had I done wrong to get into this mess?

I'm probably several days missing already. Isn't anyone looking for me? Shouldn't my parents have already gone sick worrying over their only child?

We walked into a tiny cafe that faintly reminded me of Starbucks. I was too famished to even care which cafe we went to. Gold headed for the counter to get us something to eat. I trudged towards an armchair sighing as I sank into its comfort.

My feet were killing me! Thank goodness he got me sneakers instead of listening to me when I said I wanted those killer red stilettos. I started when he tossed me a tiny brown paper bag and walked right through the exit.

Was he seriously trying to leave me alone? Was he actually ditching me? Using all my willpower, I pulled myself up and ran after him ignoring the way my feet complained in agony.

"Stop trying to leave me!" I squealed. I cleared my throat when he looked down at me, drowning me in with those scary chocolate eyes.

I realized that I only reached up to his shoulders. Either I was really small or this guy is too dang tall!

"We need to find a place to stay," he said. His quick hands got him aviator shades and a black hobo bag for me as we passed by an industrious looking lady busy typing into her blackberry.

"We need to blend in," he reminded me as he wore his shades.

How does he even do that? How can he work for an elite something company if here he is living life like a crook. I shook away my thoughts and slung the bag on my shoulder guiltily as I bit into a chicken wrap he bought for me with his stolen money.

It wasn't long enough before he led us straight into an average looking part of the city. Less cars, less people, less noise. It felt like hours before we arrived and my feet hurt so much I couldn't feel them anymore. Note so self: sneakers are not comfortable when they are one size bigger.

At least I had my delicious chicken wrap to comfort me.

"This will do," he said, snatching the last bite of my wrap and shooting the cardboard holder smoothly into a trash can along the sidewalk.

"What the hell Gold!" I slapped his arm as hard as I could, "Do you know how evil it is to eat someone else’s last bite? The last bite is always the best! And you just… you just stole it from me!"

Did he just roll his eyes at me? Oh seriously! Oh no, he is not walking out on me again! He strode right into a building with flashy lights that I did not bother reading, I ran after him.

We walked into a cabin-like foyer and straight into a wooden counter where a seedy looking man began talking to Gold. Whew! It smelled like stanky sweat balls in here!

 If only his legs weren't that long then maybe I'd have an easier time catching up. When I did, he already handed down a few bills and got a key, the man I mentioned earlier began leading us somewhere. Gold slung his heavy arm on my shoulder and it all happened too fast for me to comprehend.

"Oh ew!" I retched, ducking out of his hold. He ignored me and grabbed my elbow; I was comically leaning away from him in a feeble attempt to free myself. This man is so full of himself!

"I see you nailed a feisty one," the man chuckled maliciously as he peeked at us.

He had one lazy eye, an ugly oversized nose, yellow mangled teeth and a shiny bald head. He was lean and tall and reminded me of a perverted scarecrow.

Gold chuckled, "yep, she'd always like to play it like this, right, sweetheart?" he grounded out with difficulty.

I cringed. Oh hell no, I am not playing along—his smile tightened. Sighing in defeat, he'd better have a good reason why I shouldn’t try and murder him in his sleep tonight (even if we both know that it’s very impossible). I gave in just this once pretending to be his rebellious girlfriend as we walked down a rickety looking narrow hall with an ugly faded red carpet and scary blinking lights. We reached a door with a missing number, so instead of your usual three-digit number it ended up looking like a 'blank 09.'

Our room was just as ugly and smelly as the lobby. An old queen sized bed was placed on the left facing an old fashioned TV on the opposite wall. Straight ahead was a big cabinet where ajar to that was a door that led to the toilet. And the walls? Yup, just don’t ask. I wouldn’t like to describe it either.

I walked in. Clutching my bag against my chest keeping my back turned to Gold and the scary receptionist. When the door closed, he removed his jacket, threw it on the bed and headed straight to the toilet without saying a word.

Oh no. I hope he's not going to rape me. But, I guess I wouldn't mind having one night with him on the bed if you know what I mean. Come on. He's drop dead gorgeous and has the body and height of a model! I'd be lying if I said that I wouldn't want to have him. Oh don't judge me!

Sure he has a horrible attitude and is horribly insensitive but--what was that sound? It sounded like a machine. I looked to the bathroom door and saw a sliver of light flash momentarily. Was I seeing things?

It was quiet again. Should I go check if he's fine? But what if he suddenly comes bursting through the door asking what the heck I'm doing?

"Gold?"

Nothing. He said nothing. Maybe I should let it pass, I mean who knows, he might just be taking a dump and a shower afterwards.

I busied myself by trying to operate the ancient-looking TV but had nothing else on except static to watch. I shut it off in defeat and removed my trench coat; wow this place is getting stuffy. And the stuffier it got the stinkier it was. There was an air conditioner but it wasn’t working, it only spat dust all over me and then groaned dangerously before I shut it off. I spat out all the dust from my mouth and looked at myself. Ew. Never mind.

A few minutes came and went and there was still no sound of a flush. I cautiously walked to the bathroom door and knocked hesitantly. I needed to shower off all the dirt and grime caked to my skin, thanks to the 'awesome' air conditioner.

"Gold? I uh... Want to use the shower."

I knocked once more, and then tried jiggling the knob. The door opened. I swallowed and quickly shut it tight. God that was so stupid! What if he was getting dressed, what do I do then? On second thought maybe I wanted to see him getting dressed.

I was looking forward to find him toweling himself off after a shower or better yet find him in the middle of one. That would be so sexy!

But instead, I saw a dirty toilet to the left and a bronze showerhead in front of it. At the wall I'm facing was a rusty sink with a small mirror blurred from all the dust and dirt.

"Gold?" I asked again. "Oh my God, where are you?"

He left me alone in this room all by myself! What am I supposed to do now? Am I supposed to wait for him or did he leave me here to wait for the men coming after him and say... And say what?

I don't know what to say! Maybe the bag he gave me had instructions telling me what to do. This all might all be part of the plan. I fished in the hobo bag; there I found another wallet, some papers, a makeup kit (yay!) and a gun. A gun? That lady was carrying a gun? Anyway, this was all the proof I needed to be convinced.

I grabbed the papers but it only had graphs and a bunch of other boring stuff I couldn't understand. Whatever, I am not reading this. At least I could finally put something on my face and look gorgeous now. I grabbed the kit and Gold's jacket then headed back to the bathroom. I wiped the mirror clean, particularly rubbing one spot in the middle that I couldn't get rid off.

God, this is getting annoying. Why won't it come off? It’s just as stubborn as Gold—

Something clicked. I pulled back, all of the sudden the mirror flashed white blinding me for a second. Ow! I couldn't see! I stumbled back against the wall shielding my eyes. Oh my God! Did I walk in on a blinding minefield or something? I heard something similar to an alien hovercraft before I heard something that said:

"Access Denied,"

What? I pried my eyes open, blinking hard to make that annoying green sheet evacuate from my vision. Its like what you normally see after you've been flashed with a camera light only it was bigger, so yes. I'm suffering temporary blindness:

"Access Denied,"

There it goes again. It had a British accent of a woman but was clearly a machine. When I could see a little bit better again, there was something on the mirror with big fat words that said: Access Denied.

"Cool," I muttered, inching closer as I tried to figure out how that happened.

"Access Granted,"

My whole world spun after that. I was thrown to the floor. I know it didn't make sense but that was what happened. I fell hard on my tailbone; I cringed and held my breath. Good heavens if I lost my ability to walk at such a delicate time as this--wow!

Who knew behind this bathroom there would be so much space? Well it wasn't really as big as the foyer of this inn but it was surely as big as our dingy smelly room and the nightmarish of a toilet combined.

It was so cool! Everything in here was like a secret agent mini office with all those hi-tech monitors and wide keyboard you'd normally see in movies! On my right was a shelf full of firearms of different sizes and vests and stuff. Next to that was a clean, smart bed in dark blue linens to match the theme color of this room. At a corner right next to the hi-tech part of the room was a small, cylindrical closet. I peeked in and it was a shower with a foldable toilet seat. Yes. Just a seat.

I don't want to think why it was designed like this. But whoever designed this place is so minimalist! Everything here was way neater than my place!

"Don't touch anything,"

I jumped and turned finally noticing Gold sitting in those cliché black leather office seats typing things into his keyboard. I watched by his side and saw all those codes in one screen and another was like a map full of red dots as if marking some places. There was about five monitors in total; two big ones on top and three in the bottom.

There were so many things I wanted to ask him right now such as: why did you leave me? Why didn't you tell me about this? What is this place? What are you doing? What was with the sleazy act a while ago? And all those other things anyone would love to ask.

But as usual, he just kept quiet. I guess that was because he had headphones over his ears. Was he even listening to me? I sighed and headed to his bed. At least this place was air conditioned.

"Looking on the brighter side of your new hellish life, your company spared you this." I muttered before plopping on the bed with a sigh.

"They don't know this place,"

Before I could ask why, he already began explaining that whenever they were given their day offs back in the Academy some good friend of his named Craw would bring them here and they fixed up this place. Apparently, he had a few more of these 'Personal Head Quarters,' scattered throughout the nation. And the company never knew.

That was pretty cool actually. Usually in my day offs I would just hang out at my boyfriend's place and watch him play Counter Strike and War of the Lords, or whatever, all day. Everyone always knew. When we broke up, thank goodness I discovered wattpad, otherwise I had no idea what else I'd do other than mope. Which is, of course, so totally not me. I don’t mope and cry all day wishing that my horrible life would end right now. Except for that one day. Whatever. You don’t have to know that. 

From what I understood from Gold, he was basically kicked off from school, laid off from work which is basically where he was studying and now those people are trying to get him—kill him actually—and I'm still not sure what the reason is behind that. Let's not also forget to add in the fact that their enemy, Portley and his men, are also after him because of what he had running in his veins. But basically, I did get the vague hints that this guy and everyone else I met unpleasantly since my nursing exam, is part of some secret organization.

"So what's the plan?" I emphasized imaginary apostrophes in midair. Inwardly I was getting quite nervous. All this might sound cool to you, but it really isn’t when it’s your life at stake.

"Well that's easy," answered Ethan, entirely engrossed in whatever work he was doing. "There are three things we need to do: Kill Portley, destroy the Rubrix and then Graduate,"

"But I thought you're kicked out?" I sat up; I did not like his plan. When he didn't answer I pushed on the fact that he was alone with just a few guns and probably limited ammo up against some big mafia company with hundreds of men. I added that his company might probably not help him at all; they might even kill him and me for all we knew.

He stopped typing for a while the moment one screen was blinking green. He leaned back on his chair, "Robyn."

"Gold," I mimicked his sudden change of tone.

"How much do you know about guns?" He asked.

"Not much," I shrugged coolly. But what I really meant was: Nothing of course, why'd you ask?

"Hm," was all he said as he stood from his seat and walked to his shelves of firearms. "Did you ever consider signing up as an army nurse?"

"Uh... No? Why?"

"Let me try to convince you," and for the first time I saw him smile.  I'm not quite sure myself if I should be happy or skeptic about it, but you know what? My life right now would actually make a very good story in Wattpad.
Yep.
 It might even end up in the cinemas.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Ethan's POV
I knew it was going to be risky. But I had no other choice. I never thought in a million years I would find myself partnered with someone like... Like... Well basically everything that defines 'Robin,' I guess.
She was horrible. She was useless and she was so fucking annoying!

Why couldn't she just stop talking? Actually, there really wasn't a problem with talking; I was more bothered with her whining. She doesn't even listen to me. I'm trying to teach her because if she is going to end up getting stuck with me in this, I couldn't let her become the reason why everything I had dreamed of to go to waste!

She needed to pick up her own ass and clean up her own shit because I have no time to babysit some Prima Dona.

After gathering a handful of discreet firearms such as my Charlie Niner 09—thank goodness I made two more—I grabbed two rifles and some gear to go. I went out for a bit and managed to get my hands on a handsome land cruiser before convincing the banshee to come along.

"I still can't believe you stole this," she grumbled. Folding her arms across her chest.

I rolled my eyes. Why couldn't she just get over it? I thought we already settled this five minutes ago? I didn't want to talk about it anymore. It was like explaining what 'why' meant to a five-year-old.

 When she was about to say something again I cranked up the volume loud enough so I wouldn't have to listen to her. It hurt my ears, yes, but like I said before I already knew how to tune it out.

We arrived to an abandoned golf course somewhere off the far west of the city. I found it funny when her paranoia kicked in again, trying to run away from because she thought I was going to murder her here. I let her go, giving me some time to appreciate solitude and silence as I set up our gears. She came back in less than five minutes, muttering how she didn't know the way out.

I just kept to myself in mild amusement as I tossed some vests, headphones and goggles at her way. I expected her to catch them, but she just awkwardly dodged them in failure. That was enough to realize that I shouldn't even toss her the handgun I was holding.

After a few minutes of wrestling the trench coat off her and tackling the vest onto her I was already teaching her the mechanics of wielding the simplest of all firearms; the revolver.

"Or more specifically," I twirled the gun, showing a few tricks in front of her before accurately shooting down an incoming bird from the sky, "The Uberti Top Break .45 Colt version."

I gave her the revolver and she took it carefully like an unpinned bomb. I sigh exasperatedly and locked it so that the risk of shooting herself is controlled. I went on lecturing her, "What you're holding right now is strengthened and improved with modern steels and technology, enabling the chambering of modern smokeless cartridges in .44/40 and .45LC."

"Right, I perfectly understood everything,"

"Good," I nodded curtly and stood next to her.

"You know I was being sarcastic," she held the gun with two fingers.

I ignored her and ran through the mechanics by first teaching her how to disassemble a gun so that she'd understand how it would work. We eventually had to walk back in the car since her level of understanding was so limited it took more than two hours to make her remember everything. Finally, she knew how reassemble a gun as well even if it took her nearly an hour.

That was all she needed, at least now she knows how to remove the safety, reload bullets and now all she needed was to practice her aim.

"I will lend you six bullets," I told her.

"But its my first time--"

"Six bullets," I punctuated. She better make the most of it. That was how I learned.

Six bullets later she was still horrible. She didn't even make each shot count!

"I told you!" She threw the gun at my feet and stormed back in the car.

"Come back here, Robyn," I folded my arms across my chest and stared her down in the most rigid composure I could project.

I felt like a father with this girl. I just turned twenty-six but God, she made me feel so old. But there was no way she could say no to me. It has been proven and tested. I watched her remove her gear and toss it all at the back.

I cringed. Those were my best gears! A trained agent like me can only put up with so much, I cannot let her walk all over me! Between the two of us, I was more aware and experienced. It was only right that I was in charge of everything and I will not have anyone under my authority act like this.

"What the hell are you doing?" I caught up to her just in time before she started the car. "You can't just up and go!"

She tried pushing me off so she could close her the door. Was she serious? She can't even defend herself, what made her think that she could challenge me?

"Now you know what I feel!" She shrieked. I watched her calm herself down, I wasn't sure if I found it annoying or amusing, I mean she was heaving heavily and her face was all red.

I rolled my eyes, "get used to it, the slow ones die first. Now get your prissy ass out of my car and start shooting,"

"You mean out of your stolen car?" She grinned too sweetly, "No, just get in here, I have a better idea,"

I blinked, a little too nervous with her sudden change of tone. "Excuse me? You're the one who ran and came back because you didn't even know how to remember the way back out and now you want me to put my life in your hands? Don't answer, just get out,"

"Right, and shoot with invisible bullets," she said, animatedly, "let's just let the arcade go and teach me. As far as I know, they're much more generous with bullets and funner than you'll ever be"

"Arcade?" I shook my head, and sighed, "If that could shut you up, then fine. But I’ll drive,"

It wasn't long before we reached the nearest arcade. I checked around, analyzing escape routes should we ever get caught in here. I went back in the car and tucked away as much guns as discreetly as I could, handing her one just in case.

"It's just an arcade, Gold," she emphasized like I was some alien from another planet.

"Robyn, we are not out here to have fun and we're not out here to get killed just because we let our guard down just once. We're just here so I could save up on bullets that way you won't have to add to my burden,"

She looked offended. Before I could backtrack on what I said she grabbed the gun from my hand and tucked it in the back of her jeans giving me the most disturbingly angry look she could give me. Did I ever mention that she had blue eyes? That must be what made it even more creepier.

I watched her storm out of the car and barge through the double-pained glass doors. Quickly parking I went after her, for all I know she could've tripped and shot herself by accident.

Lights and noise harassed me from different angles that I got overwhelmed the moment I stepped in. I plugged my ears and wore my shades, willing myself to tune out from my hyperactive senses as I searched for Robyn.

"There you are!"

She grabbed me, soliciting money as she grabbed handfuls of tokens from a counter. She went to a machine with a big screen and guns hung on its stand. I waltzed over and began observing them, it looked like one of those Colt Revolving rifle model 1855.

"Chill double-oh-seven, it's fake,"

"What?" I wasn't even sure where to be surprised, the fact that she called me by my wrong identity number or the fact that she was going to try her shoot out with fake guns. That was preposterous! An ultimate dishonor to any gunslingers out in my field!

"Quick, go grab one, it's starting!" She said, almost a little too excited than what I’m used to.

The big screened tuned out and revealed a simulation of a battlefield. I remember using one of these back in the Agency, of course this was nothing compared to our technology. My screen flashed red and the sign 'Game Over' showed.

"What happened?" I asked confused.

"In your face foo'!" she jumped in the air enthusiastically, "I killed you, beat that!"

Oh I get it. We were fighting against each other in this simulation. Whatever, as long as it helps me help her become less of my burden.

"I was just warming up," I smirked. I hadn't had fun in quite a while. This bitch is going down!

The game ended with 9-1. I won, obviously.

"You were horrible," I remarked with the cockiest smirk I could muster before hanging the fake rifle.

"Thank you for your encouragement," she rolled her eyes.

Apparently she wanted to have another go on her own just to prove she wasn't that horrible, even if I already could tell that she already way. Practicing here, though pathetic, might actually help her somehow, maybe if I brought her here everyday, she might eventually put my next six sluggers to good use. Who knew right? I finally told her it was her last for the day since I was beginning to get bored anyway.
 Strangely enough, our drive back to my personal HQ was far more pleasant than the previous interactions I had with the banshee.

I'm not a really difficult person to be with. It's just that when there's a job to do there's no time for me to slack off. The sooner I execute the mission, the better. You can say that I'm a workaholic, but I really just love what I do.

It's just that lately, things are going downhill faster than what I could cope with. I lost so much... I didn't want to think about it right now. So far I never expected Robyn to give me the time to speak out everything that I felt. I usually had Craw to talk to.

When we got back to my room, I apologized for raping her ears this time around. But she said she was cool about it.

"Dang, Banshee, I never knew you could listen," I suppressed my grin as best as I could.

"Banshee?" she repeated, befuddled as I expected.

When I told her why, we ended up in a pillow fight where I won again. And no, pillow fights did not ruin my image of a badass agent.

I deemed playtime over right before dinner. I still had to stay up late and reprogrammed myself to get my head back in the game. Robyn claimed my bed in my office, even when I didn't let her. Just because I was warming up to her lately did not mean she could have whatever she wanted. But never mind that, I decided not to sleep tonight anyway, so I let her in the end.

It was great to have a breather after all that happened the past few days. I felt refreshed after that I admit, but as my favorite motto goes, a second too late is always a second too dangerous. So far, I came to realize that so much time has been wasted.
 In one of my monitors was a satellite map of the city we were in, Blue Ark. It was a 1,213.4 square-kilometer city that was the heart of the United Republic of Kohlberg, our lovely country. But I guess it wasn’t so lovely now that I saw certain red dots approaching towards my very own base.
 How did they even find us? That didn’t matter now, I needed to grab as much as I could and wake Robyn from her sleep. Because according to my estimation, we roughly had ten minutes before the E. R. A. Wipe Out Crew gets to us.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Robyn's POV
It had been almost a month since Gould and I had always been on the run. By that time I learned that his Gold had a 'u' in it. Just felt like mentioning that bit because I felt like an idiot after having written down his name somewhere and he came looking for me with an offended look. I think it was when we were down to the two last Styrofoam cups and I needed to label mine from his.

We learned quite much from each other after that. I learned that the less whiny I was, the more of a good person he turned out to be. But the better I got with guns and gadgets the more I seem to get praises and rewards out of him.

I liked that.

We eventually packed and left the country by stowing away in some cargo train headed for South developing a routine that I eventually got accustomed to: ‘pack and pack and never unpack’ because we were never to stay in one of his headquarters for longer than two days. So he spent more time plucking wallets, renting rooms, buying food and only visited his hideouts when we needed to restock our own weapons.

In this black hobo bag that he snatched from a lady roughly four weeks ago, I had learned to pack just what I really needed. That included some underwear, guns, make up (of course), a forged passport, a fat wallet, a stolen 'enhanced' iPad and more guns.

We never owned cell phones, but what I did have was a pair of black studded pearl earrings he gave me. It was the most thoughtful gesture I got out of him, but then I became dubious when I could suddenly hear his voice in that one ear. Yes, it was a communication device between the two of us, apparently.

Of course, over the weeks I saw people die, explosions here and there but what really got me to the verge of craziness was the bloodbath and the sound of guns. I admit I was already captured once.

It was only because he left me in one of his Personal HQ somewhere up in Alaska. He thought I was going to be safe because of how low the population was and I already knew how to wield guns. He was training me to become his 'Tactical Information Supervisor,' TIS for short as he called it. But I think it was just a secretarial thing to feed him information from his surroundings and stuff.

I did my best to navigate my way around his weird techy stuff. When I got the basics, I eventually got the hang of it. I was slow but I knew I’d get better.

Unfortunately, he found himself cornered in a nearby town when I overlooked the tiny details I never knew he needed. I had to guide him back to me safely, only to find myself surrounded by some men with big guns there in his hideout. It went pretty ugly when Gould showed up. I learned a lot from that mistake.

I guess that was also when he became quiet again these past few days.

I was suspecting that it was because judging from the way he avoided killing those men he knew some of them. They had the abbreviations 'E. R. A.' stitched on the backs of their black vests then so that pretty much wrapped it up.

"I don't want to see them again under these circumstances," he began.

We were in his hideout in Brisbane this time, and you won't feel pretty much homesick since all his hideouts seem to all look the same. We just arrived here three hours ago when we ran out of bullets after an encounter with some of ARCs men as soon as we stepped out from the airport. I watched Gould indulge himself in the blood bath, leaving none for me to practice my recently developed skills.

Well, that was over now. And here I was trying to calm my nerves by drinking my cup of authentic Aussie chocolate drink on his bed.

"Who would you rather not see again?" I decided to play the part of a therapist. He needed it. I mean, after all those days with him keeping to himself, this was actually the best progress I could ever muster out of him. I missed hearing him laugh, seeing him smile and throw playful banters with me. That was what I needed to stay sane from all those 'eradications.'

"The guys from ERA," he sighed, leaning back on his leather office seat. He had his back turned to me, I suspected he was working his way again with his computers.

"I seem to have noticed how that scene affected you," I stated the obvious.

He sighed, then turned his chair to face me, "I basically killed my brothers,"

"They're all your brothers?" I managed to refrain from spitting out all of my chocolate onto his bedspread. I didn’t want to do the laundry if it was bigger than the clothes I was wearing. Actually, I didn't really wash them, I only washed my underwear because once after every two days Gould would snatch us some new clothes and burn the old ones.

Now I was wearing a black dress shirt and some black bubble shorts about a hand high above my knees, this time with black ballet slippers that actually fit me. The trench coat I grew accustomed to had also been torn away from me only to be replaced by a gray hoodie, I'll never forget the horrible day we wrestled to it to the ground only to lose so easily.

Gould, on the other hand was wearing a black shirt on and gray cargo pants and some running shoes, making him look like your average guy who was out for a jog.

"And you did not kill anyone, you just knocked them unconscious," I reminded him.

"You can call it that," he sighed heavily. "They were all in my batch, and seeing those badges on their arms, they've all graduated."

I nodded carefully quickly taking small sips from my Styrofoam cup. I leaned back against the cool wall and waited for him to carry on.

"And I missed it," he brought his fists to his eyes then chaffed his face before getting up.

I asked where he was headed.

"To celebrate," he said not entirely too enthusiastic about it. He was tucking away his two favorite guns into his pants, "I made this for you, by the way."

He reached past the standing rifles and brought out a petite gray handgun that seemed as big as my hand when I make a 'gun' gesture. It wasn't angular and edged, instead it was smooth, black and very feminine.

"I call it the Black Robin 2012 model," he grabbed my hand for me to take it. I measured its weight and disassembled and reassembled it, finding a metal blade hiding in its thick grip.

"Self defense when you run out of bullets," He quickly added.

I nodded in awe, "where are the bullets?"

He shrugged and handed me slim magazines, "they're more of pellets actually,"

I gave him a wry smile, "wow, I feel so deprived and honored right now,"

"Hey its cheap, it's not easy to waltz in and out of an arsenal you know," he defended.

I shook my head and laughed. "Thank you, but why are we celebrating? I'm pretty sure it's not my birthday today," then I paused, was it?
"No, but the results came out this morning," he smile too widely.

"What results? Wait, you mean I'm a nurse? For real?" Oh my God. I was planning a follow up question on how he found the time to make a gun for me, but I didn't care anymore. I'm a registered nurse! How he knew I guess I’ll never find out either.

He nodded, "just promise me you won't make a scene,"

I nodded like a toddler high on sugar, "when are we getting my license?"

He gave me a knowing look, "maybe after all this is done,"

"Oh right," I slumped back, chugging my hot chocolate. Of course, I can't walk around in public, claim my license and join the oath taking. That would be suicide.

"But we can celebrate," he winked and I threw myself at him in a body slam of a hug. Joy sizzled through every fiber of my body as I danced it off victoriously in front of him.

"Well what are you waiting for?" I laughed excitedly, "let's celebrate!"

I yanked him out of his surprised catatonia by grabbing his arm. He shut down the place right after I grabbed my bag and we walk down the stairs at the back of the apartment that let straight through an alley. Like what we have talked through together, our little act was to pretend that we had a feisty quickie together. I wouldn't actually mind if we really did, but anyway I applied rouge lipstick on my lips only to messily smear it around my mouth as Gould roughed himself up. Then I wiped my stained hands around his lips and neck, adding a little bit pressure so that I could get an annoyed expression out of him.

"Seriously?" he hissed.

I knew it was childish but I couldn't help but laugh at his priceless look. I just grinned at him, he rolled his eyes and stepped out of the dark alley into the busy street.

I sighed, remembering our last encounter at an alley. Everything felt so different now. I still don't know why he decided to have me with him. I know I had no choice because this guy was the reason I'm still alive.

Usually when he walked off he wouldn't care if I followed him or not. But that changed when he peeked down the alley and gave me an irritated gesture to hurry. I wasn't sure if it was just me or if it actually meant something, but I felt a burst of silly happiness bubble throughout me.

I ran after him.

It only took a genius like me to figure that by celebrating, he meant grabbing some food to bring back home. I begged him to go to the movies and watch with me but being the boring, stuck up ass that he was, we decided that we could make a quick stop at a DVD store to buy some movies.

So here I am browsing through some music and movies. The store was just about three shelves wide with several movies littering the walls. I walked over to the music section by the shelf closest to the left corner of the store and checked out the new albums. The player had a song rolling by Linkin’ Park, eagerly I fitted the headphones and nodded to the beat.

Hell yeah! Numb featuring Jay-Z had to be the best song I could ever relate to right now. Gould peeked through a shelf, giving me thumbs up and a questioning look. I nodded at him and motioned him back to shoo. He pointed to his stolen watch; I mimed for him to give me a minute more. Until he finally began pointing modestly to a young lady in uniform pestering him with movies to watch, from the way she kept closing the distance between them and how she played a tempting smile on her lips, she was flirting with him. I laughed at him teasingly.
I did forget to mention that he was quite a looker that every time we walked in some place he had all the women staring at him like he was the last desirable bag displayed on an all out sale that everyone coveted. I waggled my brows playfully at him that convinced him even more that we needed to leave now.
 “I’m sorry but we simply have to get going,” he had a strained smile as he tried to back away from the brunette who was harassing him.
 "No we’re not," I added, challenging his deadly glares at me, until I finally added, “but miss maybe you’d like to step away from my boyfriend?”
I watched the girl’s pretty little face turn red as she apologized, trying to defend herself that she was just helping him out choose which movie was better.
“Maybe he could think better if you had more cleavage to show, now if you could please just button that up I’m sure he could decide better,” I pointed at her uniform that had two buttons undone out of five. She hugged herself and simply walked off to their tiny faculty room at the other corner of the shop.
“I think that was too harsh,” he managed to say when the door closed behind the store clerk. He cleared his throat then he turned to me curtly, “carry on then, just move a bit faster before,” he shuddered then snapped, “just move faster!”
I rolled my eyes as he stormed to the other nearby shelf trying to busy himself. I smiled triumphantly and grabbed a random cd to listen to.
"You can't run forever, Robyn," said a manly voice just before the song ended. I whipped my head around with my hand ready to yank out my new gun. When there wasn't anyone nearby I listened on with my hand resting on my gun. It might be trap for all I knew.

"I have something that can solve your problem. Sticking with your fake boyfriend will only add more problems to your life, let’s face it, he doesn’t know what to do" it went on.

It only took me a few words more to make me realize how distinctly familiar this voice was. I racked my brains, cranking it on an overdrive to figure who this guy is.

"Tell Gould that I'll be waiting at The Robins, the bar three blocks down the right of the Sydney Opera House. He knows what I'm talking about. I'm really sorry you have to put up with this, but I promise, you will be safe."

"Oh my God," I hastily removed the headphones and started backing away from the stand as if any moment it could explode. Those words haunted me like the girl from The Ring whispering ‘Seven Days’ through the phone. "Gould?"

"What?" He stepped out from a shelf with two DVDs in hand. Judging by how quickly he looked alarmed, I must have looked as pale as I felt I’d be. My head was spinning and I’m on the brink of my sanity.
 "What's wrong?" He took a step forward, awkwardly trying to reach out for me in a feeble attempt to calm me down.
"We have to go," I spluttered, pushing Gould all the way to the counter to pay for the movies. I know it was ridiculous but I still was looking forward to watching a movie.

"Robyn," He called out but I ignored him.

The need to remember his name seemed like an instinct to breathe that I could suffocate from it unless I figured it out. When we stepped out the sun was beating down on my skin and the wind slapped locks of my hair to my face, an aggressive roar of a motor bike revved from a distance and that was when it hit me.

"Robyn, what's wrong?" Gould grabbed my arm keeping me close as I earned a few glances from an Aussie crowd walking by.
"It's the biker dude!" I exclaimed. It was all coming back to me now; I was hyperventilating as I put two and two together. Why else would he try and find a way to contact me now that I am a registered nurse? Why else would he even imply that one out of every four nurses works part time? Okay, maybe I didn’t understand how that last bit went, but I think what he meant was I’m doing something way off my field.
"What?"

"Yes, the biker dude! He warned me this would happen! God how dense could I get?" I gasped out.

Now Gould was looking at me like I was some lunatic that grew an extra head, but he still held a firm gaze on me, tugging me to start walking with him. "Who's the biker dude?" he whispered impatiently.

"I don't know yet," I laughed incredulously, but I suddenly felt so determined, "but he knows something we don’t."

I know I already said this but who knew one day his words would finally make sense?
 This time, when I get the chance to bump into a crazy hobo babbling nonsense to me, I will pay attention to whatever he’d have to say, because I can never tell if it can actually help me in the next following days.

CHAPTER NINE

Ethan's POV

"Now I know why he asked if I liked Robins," she gasped as she shut the taxi door behind her. The girl was practically walking out on a daze as we approached a huge nightclub with neon lights shaped to a blue bird perching on a pink cocktail glass blinking on and off that got me into a trance lest I looked away.

The sun has barely set into the distance but the party had already begun judging by the way strange sounds she called music blasted through the doors. People dressed high and posh and some skimpy and daring waltzed in more than they did going out, I flicked my eyes to the blonde anticipating if the old banshee would rematerialize back into this wonderful person I’ve recently discovered.

"Look!" She hissed, grabbing my arm. "I told you we should've snagged some clothes!"

Dang, the she monster was still in there somewhere, I should have known, I sighed dejectedly as I was about to repeat myself for the umpteenth time. "Robyn, I already told you, we're here for the--"

"Guy! Yes! Yes I know, but how can we blend in if we're wearing this?" she pointed at her shirt and shorts. Her face was slowly turning red as I took in every simple detail. The stuff she had painted dramatically all over her face in the taxi actually pulled through, it surprised me. 

The way she fashioned her smoky eyes made the blue in them stand out more, the rouge lipstick she always wore before we messed it up prior to leaving my place was now put to greater use as it complemented her fair skin quite well. Which leads me to her skin, that now glowed under all the foundation. And her hair was fixed up so that it looked like she had a huge bump mounting on her head. At least that high ponytail that trailed behind her head was great. But everything that she randomly put together in a matter of minutes back in the cab actually fit perfectly like a puzzle.
 
Right next to me was a woman I’ve never thought I’d see in her one day. It intimidated me actually. I was never into girls that reminded me of those naughty days I had back then. Thinking about it just made me want to palm my face in regret. After that, I began liking simple things; I'm more accustomed to them that way. 

I shook my head, trying to suppress a laugh with a reason I knew she was going to slap me for. She needed this much makeup to make her look like another person. Personally, I preferred her without all this fancy glossy stuff messing her face. She looked beautiful that way.

Sorry, I meant pretty? Wait what? Oh good Lord, where had my manliness drift off to?

"What?" she asked almost too quickly, she fished for a compact mirror out of her bag and began checking her face scrupulously.

"There's nothing on your face," I chuckled, plucking the mirror from her hand and shoving it in the bag, just in case she decided to reinforce more gunk than there already was. "Aside from indelible oil pastel," I added humorlessly.

She looked back at me, confusion was written all over her pretty face, "what's indelible?"

"Never mind, let's just get this over with," I chuckled shaking my head. I'm not sure what was funnier; the fact that she looked like a hot stripper right now or the fact that she didn't know what indelible meant.

Just as I expected, music rudely blared into my ears but the lights were less rude than the arcade. It was stuffy in here and having Robyn clinging to my arm didn't really help much as we waded through the sweating crowd.

"Where did he say he'd be?" I asked over the 'music.' I used the advantage of my height to scan the dancing throng and decide to trudge for the bar, grabbing some wallets as I went to pay for things just in case.

"I don't know," she answered, her amped up voice pierced easily into my ears as she seemed to have noticed what I’ve subtly done, "Are you gonna buy me a drink?"

I looked down at her, pulling her through two women who attempted to crowd me. "Sweetie," I cringed, "come here, you know I'd hate playing hide and seek here,"

I ignored Robyn's mortified face as I smiled at the two ladies. One was a long legged brunette and the other one was an hourglass redhead, both wore plunging necklines and a skirt that barely hid enough decent skin. My goodness they had much more makeup on than this banshee, I swear I couldn't see their eyes anymore underneath all those fake lashes. I managed to press Robyn against me, looking down at her as I flashed her the most loving smile I could muster.

"Oh, right,” It took a quick second for Robyn to pick up what was going on before she fashioned a goading grin that I’d love to tear off her face. “Okay,” she crooned, batting her eyelashes at me. Thankfully, that show was enough to send the two ladies frowning at Robyn and muttering things to each other as they went their way.
 
I sighed, sliding into my barstool. Robyn was laughing her ass off as she glided to hers. “You must be having a terrible life full of women running after you, huh?”
 
I shrugged with a defeated smile, “What can I say? Women love men in sweatpants,”

"What a pathetic excuse," she shook her head as she ordered a buttery nipple from the bartender.

"A buttery what?" I exclaimed utterly taken back with the words that left her mouth. Once again, I never thought I’d live the day to hear such sexual profanities leave this girl’s mouth.
 
Her brows furrowed, eyeing me carefully like I was some lunatic waving her a fluffy kitten that I killed with my bare hands, which of course I was capable of. She awkwardly sat on her stool with mild difficulty and then carefully asked, "What?"

"We're out here for some guy to get information from, not have your brains fucked off by some random guy you bumped into!" she equaled my stare with one that grew with perplexity. "Oh don't play dumb with me, I know what you meant by buttery nipple," I awkwardly whispered in the last word.

"One Buttery Nipple," muttered the bartender as he handed it over to Robyn.

Oh great. She was flashing me that annoying cheeky grin when I always said something stupid. She took a sip from her glass, her smirk never wavered as she asked, "Have you ever tasted a buttery nipple?"

I wasn't too sure if that had a hint of what other guys called it as an 'innuendo,' or if she meant it as a drink. She gave me a look I just couldn't put a finger with what it could have possibly meant. She straightened just slightly before leaning forward, her shirt dipped slightly and the shadow it bore lay a secret that probed into my curiosity.

I swallowed hard and shook off whatever played into my thoughts. She threw her head back and laughed harder, slamming her drink on the bar.

"What's so funny?" I blurted almost too loudly.

She stifled more of her outbursts when she demurely pointed at my pants. Oh shit! I branded a very visible hard on. I grabbed her bag and covered it, glaring at her.

"Hey Mr. Bartender," she hollered, "Give my boy here one of these ladies' drinks," she mildly swayed her glass in the air, crossing her long milky thighs absent-mindedly.

I looked away from her. My goodness what was happening to me? I'm pretty sure I've seen a bunch of naked women in my lives, especially if you had Craw around. When I turned sixteen I had my first 'banging' as Craw put it, and it was mind-blowing but then I read something off the Academy library about STDs and all the horrors it brought along with it. It had been my last, until Craw reassured me that even I wouldn’t be affected because of the NIES running through my system.

I admit that when I learned that, I almost grew addicted to it. I only gradually grew out of it because trainings in the Academy started growing intense and Craw finally found someone he was actually contented with.

It must be the hormones kicking in. That’s right.

I haven't had one in a while. Then it suddenly hit me, I had all the women throwing themselves at me, so why was I trying my best to step away from them? I guess I never liked aggression, because it only made me feel powerless and the best response it could get out of me was to lash out for the assailant’s death. 

"Here's your Buttery Nipple, double-oh-seven," she waved my drink at my face, snapping me out of my five-second trance. I looked at the questionable looking drink. It looked like oil topped off with a thick layer of some mocha cream, or beer. It basically looked like beer.

"Oh," I say quietly, suspiciously taking it from her. I immediately smelled the hint of alcohol before she raised her glass to make a toast.

"Are you drunk?" I stared at her. She already had her glass to her lips and she was downing it like a glass of water. I stopped her halfway, plucking her beverage and placed it on the bar table; she blinked at me wildly like I'd slapped her across the face.

She shrugged, "Okay maybe I do feel a little light headed." I leaned back to sigh, but just as I did she hastily grabbed her glass and desperately tried to bring her lips to her drink had I not been holding her wrist and pinning it down the bar table. She was sniggering at my desperate attempt to stop her. I held her wrist down, keeping her from any more attempts.

"What did I tell you?" I chided, glowering right through her soul as I tried to make a point. But she was just sniggering at my face like I told her some joke.

"Chill!" she said, slowly coming down from her breathy laugh. I take it she's already drunk. "Okay, I won't drink but it would be a waste of your stolen money if I just leave it there," she said, nonchalantly gesturing towards the half-emptied glass.

Without skipping a beat I seized it and chugged down this Buttery Nipple and finished all of mine next, wincing slightly at the faint bitterness hiding beneath the creamy drink. A slight twinge of fuzziness scattered across my brain and senses before it faded easily in a matter of seconds.

"Wow, you can drink," she drawled out, keeping her best to try and stay in control over her drunkenness.

"NIES, they speed my metabolism," I explained habitually, "Robyn, you're drunk,"

She feigned hurt, palming her chest for emphasis, "How dare you accuse me!"

"You're laughing at everything, you're flushing red, you slur your words and I bet you don't even remember why we're here," I enumerated in each finger, murmuring indignantly.

I noticed how her wide blue eyes had streaks of gray, black and green display in her iris. I never really noticed how she seemed to glow tonight and she smelled like coconuts aside from the hint of her drink. Because she leaned forward, the collar of her shirt was hanging low. Again.

"Yes I do remember," She hissed, "and why are we whispering?"

I leaned back, sighing. "Never mind, where did he say he'd be at?"

She grinned at me playfully before shrugging her shoulders. Great, she didn’t know. I sighed, shaking my head in defeat. I was beginning to worry how she thought her plan through for tonight. I looked back at her as she brandished a stupid grin, nodding to the techno beat reverberating in the club. Did she even have a plan?

"Oh I gotta go pee, gimme my purse!" she began stumbling to her feet as she yanked the bag from me. Her eyes widened when she noticed how my boner slowly roused before she laughed again, shaking her head. "Never mind, keep it."

I was too embarrassed to even react at her sudden boisterous actions. I already lost her in the dancing crowd seeing that there were also a few handfuls of blondes with their hair fashioned the same way as hers. I nodded, impressed, at least she blended with the crowd. Good thing I gave her that gun earlier this morning and instructed her to tuck it into the inner thigh of her poofy shorts. I stole those shorts for that particular reason only.

I head back to my seat and paid off the drinks. We've known each other for almost a month but I've never really seen her drunk. Come to think of it, I never even saw her drink anything alcohol based. It was like meeting a more stubborn, hyperactive toddler. What disturbed me more was the fact that something about her was eliciting reactions from me that I never really expected resurfacing again.

I mean sure, I do wank off the ding dong when given some privacy. And must I admit it? Fine, I did do it when Robyn was around, but only when she was asleep. Asleep, okay? I didn’t molest her or engage in any voyeuristic actions towards her okay? I only sneak off to the shower and--why am I discussing this with you?

I glanced over at the bartender's wristwatch and calculated that Robyn had been away for too long. Why were women so slow? It was a topic I brought up with Robyn recently; she said that they simply had a routine they needed to follow.

If you asked me, it sounded like more of a ritual.

I glanced again at his watch and noted that it had almost been thirty minutes since Robyn left. A sense of anxiety threatened to claw into my instincts, but after that embarrassing reprimands I threw at Robyn, I might actually be a little over the top again when I go through the female toilets hunting her down only to find her powdering her nose.

I looked down. She left her bag with me.

Shit.

I got up and ploughed through the grinding crowd, managing to pry off a horde of women trying to hump anything on me. When I got to the hall that led to the toilets, I marched straight down, dodging people as I flung open the female's toilet.

All the girls dressed in skimpy clothing all screamed in shock. God that was painful to the ears. There were about five and none of them were Robyn, but I didn't give up as I called her name. No response came, I stepped in, ignoring the women even the one that tried talking to me as I kicked down a row of seven stalls.

I apologized to two women in different stalls as they were trying to take a leak. I ran through the door before they got the idea of raping me there and stormed through the men's. Kicking down seven rows again as I earned a few curses from one who was trying to take a dump.

I apologized before bolting out.

Shit. Robyn wasn't there either.

Where the fuck was she? I aimlessly wandered towards the confusing crowd looking above many bobbing heads that danced, rocked and grounded to the beat. The flashing lights were sending my optical nerve to an overdrive as I strained my eyes to spot every physical feature that matched Robyn’s.

"Gold!" A tight grip alarmed me, almost prompting a sudden deathblow to the owner of this hand…only to I realize it was the blonde I was looking for.

My relief was overwhelmed with rage and fear as it erupted throughout every fiber of my body, I released it all at once with the angriest tone I could ever muster, gesturing wildly just to get my point embed into her to tell her, "You gave me a fucking heart attack Robyn!"
What? It was the only think that popped into my head.
She was sputtering countless apologies and so many excuses but I didn't care as I had another wave of a heated rebuke, "You broke through so many rules tonight! You drank and tricked me, you lied about some imaginary guy and I can't believe that I fell for it and then you go running off somewhere! You said you were going to the bathroom! But you weren't there Robyn! Where have you been?"

When I stopped she looked back at me, not a single tear in her eyes. Good. She didn't even deserve to cry. But what irritated me most what that she kept silent eventually. She never shut up. That was the Robyn I know. Thank goodness the people around us were probably too obnoxious to even care.

"Gold," she said again, "I spoke to him,"

"What? Where?" I threw my hands around, bumping some nearby people who didn't seem to care. She took my bag and opened it for me. “What, did you just magically listen in to some random headphone again and leave another imaginary message?”

She grunted in irritation as she muttered things under her breath, opening her bag with such jerky movements. "Just put all your guns here, first."

I furrowed my brows, "Robyn, do you even know what you're trying to tell me?"

I watched her face carefully, studying every feature that I could. I know I didn't want to realize it, but after weeks of finding ways to hunt down ARC and avoiding ERA, the people I trusted narrowed down to just this one girl right in front of me. I didn't want to even suspect that she might be a trap working for one of them, but it was already forming its figures into my head. I feared having to run away from her, or worse having to end up killing her.

I watched the urgency in her eyes grow into quiet pleas as she spoke with sincerity enveloping her voice, "You can trust me on this one, Gould. And he is not imaginary."

I clicked my tongue. Trust. That was the word that I had unconsciously threaded her with my naiveté and I never even saw it coming until I heard her say it. She cautiously held my hand, carefully leading it to one of my guns tucked into my belt; I nearly melted as her purest gaze fixed perpetually unto my skeptic ones.

With a regretful last look over her convincing facade, I grabbed her by the wrist sighing as I led her to a dark corner, "let's do that where no one can see us,"

After reluctantly surrendering five guns to her, I carefully examined every movement she made, I was still not over the fact that I allowed her to make me vulnerable. She smiled warmly and began leading me through the club’s backdoor. "Don't you dare run off on me after leading me straight to a trap, okay?" I joked somberly.

She laughed sardonically and shook her head, "Actually, I was more worried about you committing suicide,"

I rolled my eyes and we stepped into another dank alleyway at the back. I was surprised when she pinned me to the wall and hugged me. A strange warmth flooded throughout me, registering in my mind before several others violated my virtue.

"Robyn?" I looked at her. Was she going to… I don’t know; maybe do something promiscuous like my imagination played it? I scrubbed those thoughts away, making a mental note to get myself laid with some random hooker when given the chance. Me being stuck with her was just a temporary setback I was eventually going to get over once everything has been sorted.
 
I finally found my voice, "Is this supposed to be a goodbye hug before you kill me? Because we both know that you can't even lay a finger on me If I..."

She laughed, cutting me off, "You're so stupid, I'm just calming you down." I gave her that awkward moment to hug me longer, until it began haunting me with the fact that I was actually beginning to like it. But just before I managed to gather as much balls as I could to try and return the hug, she pulled away instantly and the reality of longing began dawning on me.

"Right," I added awkwardly as she smiled at me widely, "um... Thank you for the hug?"

"Are you calm now and happy?" She asked looking me over carefully as she took careful steps back until the other alley wall kept her from going any further.

"Robyn, what the hell's happening?" I asked her quietly, looking at her bag occasionally as I thought of ways to snag it from her. Something here didn't feel quite right.

"Just don't go crazy okay?" she begged one last time before she took out a phone from her pocket, "He's somewhat calmer now,"

"Who was that?" I asked in alarm, "Where did you get the phone?"

"From me," the voice didn't come from Robyn, whoever the owner was did not make me calm and happy.

"You," I growled vehemently as I pointed an accusing finger at him then commanded Robyn to hand me my guns.
 
She dropped her bag and ran to me, hugging me in a feeble attempt to hold me back and pin my arms to my sides. I was easily prying her off of me, "You work for him?" I asked, entirely flabbergasted as the presumptive realization began setting in.

"She doesn't work for me," He reassured me, but I couldn’t believe that I had difficulty trying to digest that fact. Because from the way I saw it, it told a very different story with Robyn listening to him instead of me. It was so annoying! I can’t even get angry with her. No, it wasn’t her fault; it was this manipulative bastard’s fault.
 
He was wearing a pathetic red bandana and some aviator shades that screamed douche-bag all over him. He had an amused smile plastered to his clean-shaven face that brought out his annoying dimple.

"This is the biker dude?" I laughed grimly, "Robyn, don't you even recognize this guy?"

She didn't answer, but smiled guiltily at me. She smiled. Was that even the reaction that suited this situation right now? Obviously she must be drugged, otherwise I would want to strangle her slender neck for being such a pathetic idiot.

"Yes she does actually, and she was more of a handful than you are right now," he winked at Robyn and she smiled in embarrassment I didn't even want to see that. Let alone think what he meant.

"I believe we got on the wrong foot here, but let's start all over shall we?" He slowly walked towards us as he removed his shades, I pushed Robyn aside, regretting almost as quickly as I did it. However, it was the magnitude of hate towards this ass that made me gravitate towards this guy. 
“Start over on this,” I growled as I swung a nanobot-pumped fist right to his jaw. He caught it effortlessly; I didn’t flinch when he countered my rising force, pushing my fist away. He had an easy smile on his face as he raised a glass Tablet with his other hand; it had glowing blue letters and green bars on it with a picture of my face in one corner.
 Shit. He used the Rubrix on me. And like some videogame whose stats are easily manipulated, my eyes faintly catches a glimpse of how he brought my strength bar to a zero.
 "My name is Ares Portley, and it's an honor meeting you Ethan Gould."

CHAPTER TEN
Ethan's POV

"Stand down, Ethan," said Ares, still smiling at me like there was something to be amused about, "I only want to help." He still had my fist in his hand, squeezing it with renewed force I never expected he’d have. This guy surely did prove that he also didn’t want to harm me. I fought back the urge to wince in pain, if this was I was going to die today in this fucking man’s hands, at least I won’t give him the satisfaction of watching me suffer in pain.
"Fuck you," I spat on his face, as memories of Craw flooded freshly throughout my memory. He may have modulated my strength to zero but my agility remains untouched. Grabbing the opportunity when he flinched, I pivoted on my heel and threw him over my shoulder wasting no time as I aimed my kick to his shoulder to dislocate this bastard's arm before he landed.

He, however, managed to counter my attempt by twisting away from my grip. I ran straight up to the wall behind him, running ninety degrees perpendicular to the ground propelling with all my might until I got good height then kicked off, somersaulting in the air as I used my momentum to connect my heel at Ares' face in less than three seconds flat.

The impact caused the Rubrix to fly off his hand; I made a run for it. That thing controlled the technology running through my veins, I can regain my lost strength or better yet bring everything up to a maximum. I wonder what would happen then? Maybe the Agency would have no choice but take me in again for being the strongest agent they could have ever encountered. I would have also been the only agent that survived getting out of ARC alive and in one piece.

My fingers were just a few inches away when suddenly a trash can lid knocked it away, followed by a kick planting on my ribs before I could comprehend what happened. I rolled away on the wet ground that had a stench I did not want to ponder on. Coughing out the air knocked from my lungs, I pushed myself up, quickly recovering due to my enhancements.

"Ethan, listen to me, I don't want to fight you," Ares was holding his hands up in surrender, his shades were gone, and I could see the fear glimmer in his eyes. What was this guy trying to play me at? I was not stupid and I was definitely not a traitor, it was ERA that helped me live my life and my loyalty to my Agency will be with me to my grave. So why was he still trying to convince me to listen to all his lies? What will he gain from me? I shook my head.
"Then that would make it easier for me to kill you!" I charged towards him, my strength may have been temporarily removed but I still had control over my speed and endurance.

I locked him into a series of punches and kicks that almost moved too fast for the normal human to comprehend. Something was off though. He was coping my every move. He was blocking all my hits. I swung my right fist for his head; he tapped it away just as I planned. Using the momentum of my body, I spun with a roundhouse that connected to the side of his head before breaking away from him.
I watched my handiwork as he slammed to the side of the alley wall about five feet away from me. I was cracking my knuckles, nonchalantly sauntering towards him as I began thinking of creative ways to end this bastard’s life. He was too busy struggling to stand on his feet; he was leaning on the wall, discombobulated by the blow. He’s pathetic. I smirked at his impending doom. 
“Ethan! Stop it!” Robyn cut in, standing in my way, aiming her gun at me. Her gun that I gave to her this morning. Her gun which I painstakingly stayed up all night for to give her today! I felt a crack ripple through my heart, summoning a knot to form up my throat. What was this? Something as feeble as that couldn’t be the reason of this… hurt.
Summoning the best, controlled voice I could muster, I spoke, “Robyn, step out of the way.”
"Bring down his vitality," Ares managed to say as he slowly recovered from the massive blow I gave him. He had a hand on the wall to keep him steady; he was stretching his jaw and checking if there were any breaks. I glanced at Robyn and my heart fell to me feet when I saw her already handling the Rubrix, fingers already sliding down graphs that controlled my capacity. I wasted no time as I ran towards her, only in an attempt to snatch it from her--
"I can't believe this," I stopped dead in my tracks, feeling fatigue washing me down to my very core for the first time. My muscles suddenly cried in protest, cramping up as I continued to ignore them until the weight of the pain dragged me down, causing me to stumble to the ground. I found myself heaving as my lungs, too, began searing in pain. The taste of metallic air lingered in my mouth that begged me to recover for a bit. 
“I can’t believe you’re doing this!” I said, exasperated as I looked searchingly in her eyes.

"I knew you would overreact like this you asshole," She began. I looked up seeing her eyes gloss over with tears that swelled and fell freely down her cheeks. “God, you idiot, why can’t you just open up your stubborn head!” her voice cracked. Her hand that had a gun pointed at me began trembling. Before I could defend myself I was quickly interrupted, saving me from saying something stupid.
“Whew! You’re still a tough one, aren’t you?” Ares shook his head with a cheerful smile still tugged at his lips, “look Ethan, for the hundredth time, just listen.” 
“Bullshit,” I grumbled, trying to catch my breath as I slowly rose to my feet. 
Ares raised his brows, looking surprised as I forced myself to recover faster. His eyes flicked quickly to the Rubrix then relaxed ever so slightly, “Fine, at least listen to this, give me that one-on-one heart-to-heart without your big guns and muscles and then I leave you be. What do you say?”
I observed the two. Robyn’s hardened gaze was slowly softening up; her aim was lowering to the ground as she waited for my reply. Ares stood with an unfathomable demeanor set with a fixed smile on his bruised face. At least I got the satisfaction of beating the crap out of his face. 
Why was this guy so indomitable anyway? What could he possibly want more from me? He already took the life of everyone I held dear to my heart, wasn’t that enough? Why would he still want to steal Robyn from me? Why should I care about her, you might wonder.  
Well let me tell you why… That would be because. Because… Who the fuck am I kidding? Even I don’t know the answer to that. 
“Why would you give a shit about me anyway?” I asked at last, growing tired of all this. I was slowly losing the will to trudge on with the thought of Robyn climbing over to ARC’s side of the schism. The two glanced at each other, sharing some secret as they smiled over to me. 
“Because ERA wouldn’t,” Ares answered simply, “give him back his boost” 
Robyn nodded eagerly, mouthing apologies to me which I pretended to not notice. A renewed flush of energy seeped back into my veins, I gave the two a questioning look, “why’d you do that? You know I can easily snap your neck with my bare hands, you know what, I’ll actually—“ 
“Ethan!” Robyn chastised me, shaking her head as she gathered her things before attending to me, checking over bruises planted over my torso and my cheekbone. I pulled away from her, narrowing my eyes slightly before I decided to disregard her. Did she think that after biting me back she could easily waltz back to me again like nothing happened at all? Well she was wrong then. 
Ares chuckled heartily, not seeming to have noticed a thing I’ve just said, “we better go soon before ERA catches up to us.” 
He led us to a black van manned by three of his men. The drive was long and quiet; none of us preferred talking again. It seemed fair and safer that way. I sat on the left bench between two armed men, understanding that they still don’t trust me. Robyn and Ares sat on the other parallel to me with one guard sitting between them. I gazed hard at the banshee as my brain decided which flurry of emotions was going to take over. I still don’t understand how thirty minutes of being away from me in the club could easily change her mind about who the good guys were. 
It must be the alcohol. 
She glanced over to me like an instinct and I felt the impact of an overwhelming wave of goose bumps slapped against my skin. I hated her for that. For barely doing anything and then have this effect on me. It must be the mixture of emotions. It had to be. I glowered at her until she dropped her gaze and sadly looked away. 
We reached an old, abandoned warehouse that ARC had turned into a hurried, makeshift headquarters. Desks filled a few corners of the vast place with researchers typing away on the computers. I learned that in every entrance to the warehouse, there were a handful of armed men guarding it. These were places that ERA took out in our missions. 
 Two armed men escorted me with Robyn right behind me, holding the Rubrix like she owned it. We stepped into a clean white room that resembled a small lounge full of white furniture. Soon enough, my small talk with Ares began.
“Would you want some coffee?” He offered, he had a white coat folded over his arm while holding up a mug that was probably given to him prior to entering this room. As he made his way to an armchair, I didn’t answer him, keeping a cold, steely gaze that immediately told him to fuck off, but he was relentless. He found humor in it, “juice, chocolate, soup, beer, champagne, no? Okay,” he shrugged. 
"Let’s face it,” he took a sip from his steamy mug, “whatever you do, ERA is no longer a place for you,” 
I stared at him blankly before I chuckled darkly, shaking my head. He was the one that didn’t seem to understand the situation. He ignored me as he went on, “why else would they try to kill you? Aren't you even wondering why you've been released from your services?"

Question after question came and I never even dared to try and solve for the answer. I waited for him to get to the point. I didn’t plan to lengthen this conversation any further. I carefully looked right into his eyes and tried to understand the emotion from his annoyingly kind facade. Was that sympathy right there?

"Ethan, just think about it," he unzipped his jacket and revealed a sleeveless shirt that brandished big strong arms before he wore his white coat. "Didn't you even think why ERA was always hot on your trail? I don't know how many hideouts you have left Ethan, but to be honest, ERA is just giving you enough time to just have you lead them to your nest so they could destroy it and steal more data from you," he carried on, "Look man, I know that eventually you will go and return to your other hideouts but when you go back to them, you won't find them anymore. And that's when they'll finish you off,"

I looked him hard in the eye, seething as I struggled to stay calm until my own mouth failed me as words stumbled faster than I could stop them, "Why should I listen to the asshole that killed one of my best men?"

"Hey man, let's not get this on a personal level, you killed more of my comrades than I did yours," his smile fell, clenching his jaw and balling his hands into fists. His kind eye instantly glazed over with a hidden grudge that finally revealed itself.

Bingo. Maybe this guys did have a weak spot.

"Trust me, even I was against it," he added in a voice that was no louder than a whisper. "But he said he'd have it this way than any other way,"

"What the hell are you talking about? You were obviously about to blow my brains off until Craw jumped in," I defended. The elevator incident was something that I could not let go easily, and he saw it coming. Of course he had. This was the very reason why I swore to kill him painfully and slowly the next time we met. 

"You couldn't go back to ERA Ethan, not alive, what you had running through your veins is property of ARC," In all of a sudden, Ares calmed down faster than I as he relaxed against his seat. His eyes, though, was much more duller compared to the annoying concerned look he had throwing my way a while ago.

I quickly reiterated, just to defend my Alma Mater, "Everyone knows that ERA--"

"Are you sure that's what everyone knows Ethan?" he repeated, interrupting me mid-sentence as he knew what I was about to say. “If so, then why do you seem to know so little about the origins of the ‘Elite Recombinant Agency’?” he air quoted. 
I narrowed my eyes no longer taking in his cryptic words, “just tell it straight to my face Portley. I have no time for this stupid game you’re trying to play” 
He looked at me with an eerie smile that made me consciously gauche. Without averting his gaze, he smoothly raised a hand and snapped his fingers. Robyn stepped in with a folder tucked into one hand. I glared intently at her as she continued to avoid my eyes. I grimaced, shaking my head as I watch her obey this stuck-up ass’ every command. It made me sick. 
She wordlessly handed me the folder, and then turned to leave. 
“I like her,” mused Ares, rubbing his chin. If imaginations granted you the opportunity of making it real, I would have had Ares killed and gutted in many countless ways as of this moment. He propped an ankle to his knee as he leaned back with a broad smile. “Go ahead, open it,” 
I looked inside, saw my face on the upper left corner of the page along with my name, Ethan Gould, with a few of pictures of me as a child with my brother. My heart softened at the look of his little boyish features. One was a picture of us playing catch in a green grassy park; I was pitching a baseball at my tiny brother who wielded a baseball bat that was too heavy for his delicate arms to hold. Another was when we were swimming in a pool; I had a toothless grin then, splashing water mischievously at my baby brother who was apparently not happy as he tried to get away in his inflatable donut. 
I remember those days quite well. It was those warm, perfect days with dad and my brother with a world that simply revolved around the three of us. There was another picture though, this one was much older; in it was my dad in his younger years, whose face I had nearly forgotten, smiling next to a beautiful brunette woman with a bulging belly, whose eyes sparkled with warmth and bliss that matched her beautiful radiant smile. 
My heart sank to the pits of my guts. This was my mother.
“Gorgeous, isn’t she?” Ares muttered, looking off into the distance as he took another sip from his mug. “Go ahead, there’s more,”
I turned to the next page and it was test results from a stolen blood sample. I checked the date, and it seemed to be the day when we were first captured by the ARC. I read over the paper that had codes and abrupt excerpts saying that there was a positive match. Confused, I turned to the next page before flipping back again.
The horror that reveled before my very eyes summoned bile to gather past my throat as I gagged. I held it back in, throwing the file straight to Ares. He tapped away the object, causing papers to scatter everywhere. “That is a lie!” I roared, heaving difficultly as tears began stinging my eyes. Everything about this place was! 
That was what ERA told me, to never listen to a word the enemy says. I remembered it clearly now as the general would relentlessly explain to us that the ARC were convincing manipulators that would do everything to make you go against ERA. So why did I have an annoying gut feeling that urged me to believe otherwise? These papers weren’t proof, I told myself inwardly, they’re all forged, I concluded. 
Ares’ smile fell as the door burst open, armed men filed half way into the room until he raised a hand to stop the troop. I didn’t even bother caring if those bastards would want to have a go with me. I was in the need of a killing spree.
My mind raced through memory lane, trying to summon the face of my long dead brother as I watched his crying face call out my name as some men in white coats strapped us down to metal gurneys, I remembered clearly how they pierced through the veins in our hands that connected to a bag and watched all the horror as they filled us up with that one bag of puprle concoctions. I will never forget how he convulsed shortly after, nor will I forget witnessing how froth bubbled in his mouth. They had to take me away from that scene, it was only then that I knew it was impossible for him to have survived that. And if he did…
 “It isn’t a coincidence that your father offered you to become one of this Institution’s pilot experiment,” Ares rose to his feet, “Ethan, this is the reason why ERA was not so open when it came to revealing information from your background. Because they all know that they stole you from us.” 
He watched me carefully as he slowly approached me, gently placing a firm hand on my shoulder demanding my entire attention as he quietly added, “because they also didn’t know what you would do if you found out that your little brother was still alive. That’s why they retired you after we took you in ARC. After they knew that I had you under my custody.”
“Ares Gould?” I stare back at him stupidly, guilt cascaded heavily on my conscience as realization drowned me away from reality. This time I could see he had on genuine smile. 
“Welcome home, brother.”
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Ares POV
"Welcome home, brother," I smiled warmly at the taller man before me.

I watched his face morph from anger to shock as I figured he was still trying to fit overwhelming pieces of this far-fetched puzzle of his life together. I perfectly understood where he was coming from, to be robbed off his life and be fed with lies and then be ultimately brainwashed by a firm that had nothing but impure intentions for their personal gain.

I was surprised myself because I never knew I had a brother! Let's go back to where you guys last heard of me. Yes, the day when I finally got them in my safekeeping. I had to be honest but I wasn't so sure if this much honesty was something he could handle.

I was surprised myself when I realized that the man I was supposed to experiment on was my brother! And if it was right that his father offered him, the possibility of having his invention running through my veins was also possible. I took a mental note of observing my blood when I get the chance later on.

My thoughts broke off when Ethan grabbed my face and looked at both my eyes. He reminded me of a loon, I smiled cheekily at him and then shrugged. "I know it's too much for you to take in, but you don't have to slobber my face with kisses crying over how much you missed me," I joked.

The next thing I know he was drawing back a fist to punch me, I ducked away and kicked him off his balance, causing him to tumble to the ground. I chuckled watching him curiously as his wild eyes soon found mine.

"Enough roughhousing, brother," I walked over with my hand outstretched for him. I wasn't quite sure if he was handling all this splendidly, but he needed to. "Hey, I don't blame you for getting all giddy about this, at least you had someone to break it to you. I only had a bunch of papers to talk to when I found out," I said almost to myself, failing to hide the horror that formed the moment I realized it.

He narrowed his eyes at the hand I was offering him, hesitating before he finally grabbed it. He held it there, tightening his grip; I could tell he was still skeptic. I was cool with it though since I gave him a good enough reason not to kill me, I gave him all the proof he needed after all.
"There was that one day when dad put us both in the corner because of something we did, what was it?" he asked with a voice so serious I swear I can imagine a suspenseful musical score playing at the back right now. Wait a minute. I guess that wasn't a figment of my creative imagination after all.
“Gibbs! Give us a break here would you, we can fool around later,” I smiled apologetically at my currently confused brother, “sorry, where were we?” a second later the music did stop. Gibbs was a good buddy of mine; he was my assistant if you put it that way and every now and then we had this joke we always pulled when the other least expected it. You’ll see him soon enough, but for now, I resumed my grave conversation with my brother and remembered what it was we were talking about.

As soon as the memory flashed freshly through my memory, I laughed heartily. I did not see that coming,  swear! To think that I'd have to put up another fight with this estranged man now made it sound ridiculous, I guess I’d have to thank Gibbs for breaking the tension. "Hey, it was your idea to pee in the aquarium," I mused.

"You dared me!" He defended himself, the way his face had 'serious' all over it made it even harder to keep from laughing.

"You told me to dare you," I feigned hurt, pulling him into that brotherly hug. "I missed you, bro,"

He chuckled into my hug as he returned it, "All the fishes died, you know."

We broke the hug and then laughed harder. It was just like old times until we helped ourselves to the sofa.

"But don't think that this changes anything between you and me," he muttered quietly, smiling somberly at me.

I groaned, then calmed down. Not believing that he was still bringing it up, I had to be honest with him on that though, "I did what I had to do,"

"But I thought you already knew I was your brother, why would you still try to shoot my brains out, not cool Hairy," I watched him react from exasperated to utterly upset. I smiled at the nostalgia when he called me Hairy. That name awesomely started with Ares. This, however, sounded uncool to Ethan that he needed to change it to 'Airy,' unfortunately there was that one day he had ruined the already pathetic name and changed it to Hairy. It brought back sweet memories, I admit, but it had to stop there.

"Dude, just stick with Ares, plus I never knew that until the next day when results came out!" I explained, "and hey, either way you were still going to die before or after you returned to ERA,"

"Just because I finally found out that my supposedly dead brother actually lived through the experiment?" I watched the bewilderment form in his eyes, it was still clear how much that disgusting firm clouded his judgment. At first, I was considering the frightening thought on how he might suddenly grab the opportunity to kill me, but I waited for his response. "There must be a bigger reason why they wanted to kill me,"

I sighed in mild relief, slowly growing confident that he was beginning to understand the gravity of how his confusing situation was. I grabbed the mug that I absent-mindedly placed on the small coffee table, and took a sip from it, "now that you're a little oriented with the bigger picture, want some hot cocoa?"

"Fine, add some marshmallows," he grumbled with elbows on his knees as he dug through his hair, "I still don't understand, if ERA wanted to kill me, why didn't Craw let me take that bullet?"

I cleared my throat, honestly still tense, "are you still mad at me for that little oopsie?"

He frowned at me for a moment before he sighed in defeat, shaking his head. I wondered what was going on in his mind, was he brooding? And if he was, I was just hoping that it didn't include me dying.

"Hey man, before you think of killing me, just remember that I was planning to kill you, not your buddy, okay?" I cleared myself. "Obviously, he was a good man, just consider his efforts something to be... Um..." I fished for the right words. Damn, I was never good with words when it came to these things.

"Not put to waste?" He finished for me.

"Bingo," I grinned sheepishly, "He saved your life man, and there had to be a reason why."

"Of course he would," his expression grew darker, "he would always look out for me. I looked to him like a brother,"

I suddenly felt guilty for my handiwork, and especially guilty throughout those years I wasn't with him. Then again I can’t help but let that twinge of jealousy probe right at my darkest thoughts of how righteous it only was to kill that Craw guy. I was his brother, and no one should be able to replace me. But hey, that’s just me; I guess I shouldn’t have thought of it that way, I couldn’t be that evil nor could I blame my brother's vulnerability.
He wouldn't have to be like this unless I turned up sooner or later. But I had no clue at all that ARC's biggest threat was this guy right in front of me. My brother. Hey, don't blame me. I guess my timing was a bit off as you'd like to think, but better late than never, right?

I turned to Ethan and saw how much of a wreck he was. Wow, this guy needs to loosen up a bit.

I looked to the hidden camera poised ever so slightly in the corner of the ceiling and pointed at my mug, mouthing marshmallows before turning to my brother, "Well, I'm here now, bro. And this time we'll work it out, and I swear to catch up on all your hellish life and all your goading telling me how awesome your life was at ERA," I jokingly said, adding sarcasm to my tone.

"Thanks man," a small smile framed Ethan's lips. "I wouldn't call it awesome either after learning that they were planning to kill me in the end. I don't understand what I did wrong. Well maybe I did screw up trying to rescue Craw, but I don't regret that." I rolled my eyes, this guy lacked humor!

The silence that followed was so awkward that when I took another sip from my hot cocoa it was the loudest thing in this room right now. It must have sucked to have the person you rescued die in the end shortly after.

"You know, I was thinking the same thing, so I have a few theories myself," I decided to break the ice.

He didn't move, I went on, "first off is, knowing that you are the 'Golden Boy,'" I air quoted, "they are aware that there's a possibility of taking down ERA, who knows how far your limits can go. And then there's that other thing," I paused thoughtfully.

"What other thing?" he asked flatly, by the looks of it, he seemed as if he was bracing himself for the biggest blow.

"I think you're the source to our technology," I stated, the door opened and I began noticing how Robyn was dominating all the work from my assistant, Gibbs. I guess that was why he was trying to find ways to get me to notice him. 

"How does that even relate?" Ethan gave me an incredulous face, completely oblivious to Robyn's presence. Wow, something seems off here. From how my men reported, these two were like bread and butter. I even thought that these guys already screwed over to get this kind of bonding. I’m betting this one with Gibbs, where was he anyway?

She walked in with a tray of Ethan's hot cocoa, and by the looks she had on him, I had a feeling she was trying to check out how Ethan was doing. I did drop the bomb on her by telling her that we were brothers, my goodness I'll never forget how she tried to wrench herself free from me.

I thought the biker dude appearance would make her less hostile. Apparently, she instantly noticed how the biker dude and the crazy doctor both looked stunningly handsome. I think that made it a dead give away to the point where I had to show her the files before she was finally convinced that I meant no harm.

Evidently, Ethan here still didn't have the slightest clue on what happened during Robyn's 30-minute disappearance. I suppose I could conclude now why he was still so cold towards her. Yep, they definitely did it.

"Robyn, go have a seat," I gestured the armchair I sat on earlier. It was so hard to not smile! I think that was what made her change her mind, though.

"Uhh... Maybe now's not the time," she flicked her eyes to Ethan before right back at me as she emphasized her words.

"Yeah," he agreed, "now really isn't the time,"

I looked at them both, sizing up the tension between the two. Wow, this is interesting. I chuckled a bit before I let Robyn go.

"Yeah, go listen to him," muttered Ethan. I watched the blonde cringe and glance over her shoulder with a horrible scowl plastered on her face. Oh no, big bro over here definitely got the wrong idea with that 30-minute disappearance of his girl.

"Whoa man, I see you've got a lover's quarrel going on here but don't drag me into this," I raised both my hands as I explained how I managed to convince Robyn to take part in convincing him.

Ethan rolled his eyes then turned to me, "what was it again about that me being the source thing?"

Well, someone didn’t seem too keen on how my little interaction with this scary little lady went. I cleared my throat, trying to avoid all the awkwardness going on right now as I decided to go for the conversation, "well obviously, dad injected these bots in our body--"

"No wonder you could block my punches, nice" he grinned, nodding his head.

I shrugged, “I admit, maybe I do have it in me.”
“You do! I swear I saw you when they injected it way back,” Ethan went on as Robyn continued to quietly make her exit. When she left, I turned back to him, “dude, tell me, did you two have something going—“
“No!” he interjected just as quickly, his face was flushing redder than a baby’s rosy bum. I just waggled my brows at him. “Jeez, Ares, nothing happened between us, there was no ‘funky’ shit that happenedbetween us, okay?” he grounded out with spiteful emphasis.
“Riiight,” I shrugged finishing the rest of my hot cocoa. The door burst open again and I saw the urgency of Robyn’s face as she pressed her back against the door, her chest heaving as if she ran a marathon. I was actually hoping that Gibbs did something to scare the shit out of her, I mentally shook my head as I remembered the little fiasco about the 'itty bitty' spider that went up my water spout in the toilet a long time ago.
“What’s up?” I asked in mild surprise, “hopefully by the look on your face, Gibbs scared the shit out of you and you're here begging me to help with your sweet revenge, eh?”
“Ares,” she began, not giving me the reaction I wanted, “did you remember to camouflage Ethan?" 
“What does she mean?” Ethan turned to me, his senses slowly picking up as he cocked his head to the side as if he could here something. I didn't enjoy what was going on right now. Trust me.
I shut my mouth then turned to him with the biggest shit-eating grin I could muster, “remember when I told you back in the alley how ERA would always know where you are?”
“Yes, but if you also had the same nanobots in your blood why couldn't we find—“ 
“I have the technology to make our institution lie low from the radar,” I interrupted him impatiently before pride began swelling within me as I made a dramatic pose of running a hand sideways through the air,  imagining a huge title to be posted in a massive banner, “I called it the Camouflage Effect—“
“So what the hell is she talking about? What is this Camouflage thing?” Ethan was obviously fuming up and by the looks on Robyn's face, she wasn't as happy either. My ears were also beginning to pick up the slight commotion happening. I knew he was going to punch the lights out of me if I told him. But oh hell, he was going to find out sooner or later anyway.
“I forgot to ‘Camouflage’ you as well” I grinned pathetically, grabbing his hot cocoa from his hands as I downed it in one go. Gunshots reverberated dangerously close by, causing me to nearly spit out my drink from surprise.
“Ares you idiot!” Ares and Robyn both yelled at me in unison.
I flinched slightly, as I countered casually, “I made the Camouflage Effect and the Rubrix, how can you call me an idiot?”
“Because they found us, thanks to you!” He was already rummaging through the furniture in this room muttering about a question if there was a gun hidden in one of these things.
I set Ethan's mug down next to empty one on the coffee table before me and kept my fun-loving façade. I was contemplating if I should also mention that I didn’t consider stuffing one bullet-slinger away in this room before I concluded that maybe I shouldn’t.
I cleared my throat a little and then grinned like the idiot I am, but hey, don’t judge me. 

CHAPTER TWELVE
Robyn's POV
"For fuck's sake Ares, exactly how right were you in the head when Ethan got here?" I asked, gripping my Black Robin--the gun that Ethan gave me--tightly as the two of us crouched behind a turned table. I can’t believe this! We were cornered to one vulnerable side of the warehouse at this moment, minutes from dying thanks to this intellectual dweeb on my right and right now, he didn’t seem to notice what was happening around him. “Hello Ares, if I must remind you, we’re being attacked?”

Barely looking up, he was typing things in my iPad with the Rubrix activated that set Ethan’s biological status to a maximum, it was strapped to his back inside his white coat, "I guess I was a little too right that gives me credit for giving you the time of your life!" he winked at me.

I groaned quickly quieting down when Ethan dove right in front of me, crouching low as he reloaded his gun. He was still in his jogging outfit, soot streaked his arms and face with traces of blood splattered on to him, his tattered shirt only showed proof that he should have been shot several times but the skin it revealed showed no wounds whatsoever. There were some fresh wounds on his arm though; bullets emerged slowly as if his skin was spitting it out.
 
I watched in awe as I witnessed the gradual closure of the wound until it vanished. This was how he must have remained unscathed. It must be work of the Neurovascular Invasive something (N.I.E.S.) running through his blood. "What's the plan Ares?"

"First make sure my team gets out safe and then we blow this place up," the scientist mumbled almost too robotically as he worked his magic on the iPad Ethan gave me. Ares was like a bouncy little kid going to Disneyland that moment he had his hands on it, immediately telling me it was special. I never saw the difference, but apparently the geek did. And right now, he was appreciating every bit of his brother's creation, my awesome toy.

Ethan sighed heavily, slightly peeking through the edge of desk before ducking low as bullets missed him by just a hair’s breadth, "Ares, I can't guarantee that your precious team will all be saved--"

"You will make sure of it," the scientist insisted. For the briefest moment Ethan and I glanced, sharing a silent conversation at the impossibility of the plan. It was hard to save a horde of people I admit, and along the way the chances of all of them surviving were limited. Surely one of them was bound to get shot by some stray bullet.

"Listen to me, I know how ERA run their operations,” Ethan began rationalizing with his brother, like a way a parent would a child when it was throwing a tantrum, “no Wipe Out has lasted for more than ten minutes and by calculating approximately the time they got here, we barely have enough to..."

Ares held up the iPad as it gave a satellite image of the warehouse’s blueprint with red lights pulsing in a certain beat, "are these the bombs that wipes this warehouse clean off the map, bro?" with a finger, Ares swiped across all the dots as if connecting them in a certain pattern; it turned green, "problem solved, now we have control over the time, anything else?"

I couldn't help but smile at Ares' gifted brain. Ethan was also laughing to himself as he shook his head.

"To make things more specific, Robyn go gather all my people and make sure they get out safe, Ethan just hold them off for me will you? I know that's what you do best," Ares winked at both of us.

"What will you be doing in the meantime?" I asked, loading my gun with trembling hands as I fumbled for the pellets to shoot into its barrel. A few scattered on the floor, I groaned and began sweeping them all into my gun. I can’t believe I’ll be part in the shootout! I mean sure I’ve had my fair share in the arcade, but whenever Ethan and I had an actual encounter, I was always the one being protected! I was always the one who was instructed to stay put and keep quiet. That was what I always did best!

"I'll tell you when I get the results I need," he was swiping, zooming in and out of the iPad like a whiz kid doing the 'Bumblebee' on the piano that I nearly forgot what I had to do.

"Robyn, what the hell are you waiting for?" Ethan's voice echoed throughout the main floor of the warehouse, I heard grunts and then the blast of guns.

I can't run out from my hiding like this! What if I got shot? What if I was going to die here and now?

"Don't tell me after going through so much hell with Ethan, you still don't have the balls to get in the suspense?" Ares asked me patronizingly without even sparing an effort to look at me.

"Fuck you Ares and your stupidity!" I flipped him the finger and dashed out to the nearest hiding spot I could find before mentally slapping myself, "Ares?"

"What?" he hollered from behind the clumps of tables.

"Where are your people?" I asked, pressing my back against the metal pillar. He didn't answer for a while. Why wasn’t he? What could he possibly be doing? I couldn’t take it, I took a hesitant peek and then a stray bullet whipped past, I recoiled, giving me a jolt for a heart attack. That was a close call.

"Ares?" I hollered again until he finally answered: "Hiding,"

I was banging my head against this steel column. Basically Ares was useless to talk to right now. What else was he doing anyway in that iPad anyway? Having an intellectual game of slinging birds to ruin a pig's fortress?

"Robyn, you better hurry, back up keeps filing in this place!" Ethan yelled as I heard screeching tires and car doors slamming from a distance to prove his point.

"Right!" I replied, "you hold them off then I'll lead them through the back!"

“You don’t say,” he replied sarcastically before I heard a gun cocking before bullets fired away. If only it were that easy to do. Apparently, I still had to scan the whole place to play hide and seek with Ares' children. I don't understand why none of his guards stood a chance at all?

Either those men didn't have the NIES or the opposing organization managed to up their game. I ran frantically from corner to corner, spotting a few people garbed in white, trembling as they hid. I collected them one by one and some by pairs and guided them through the back, I never knew where they went from there but that was what Ares told me to do: just lead them through the back. Right?
I instructed them to enter three black vans parked next to a tree, and stay quiet until I came back. I did a headcount and noticed one was missing.
“You got everyone?” Ares asked, running for his life towards me with a gun in hand. He was occasionally shooting random shots behind him that earned him a few kills from his assailant's as one of them fell from above. I didn't have time to understand how that happened.
“There’s one left, I told your people to get into three vans,” I said in a hurry, quickly sprinting in the opposite direction. 
The last one nearly shot me, Gibbs. He was a skinny redheaded teen that was struggling with puberty. He was short and the only thing big about him was his Afro hair and thick-rimmed glasses. In his hands was a rifle that was a tad too heavy for his twiggy arms. He shot one bullet I nearly caught if it were not by dumb luck. 
“Easy there, kiddo, I’m here to rescue you,” I whispered to him as I ushered him to come over to me. Quickly, hugging the gun, he scurried over to me. The moment I got him we were running like crazy towards the exit. Gunfire went off a little over our heads; a shriek escaped my lips before several began raining down on us.
“They’re getting away!” I heard one man say.
Hell yeah we were! The exit was a mere few feet away, and by the door way I saw a van with its back to us, its door slid open as Ares anxiously reached his hand out. Yes, just a few more and we were almost there! Gibbs was having a hard time catching up as his voice was practically cracking from the long alto he was screaming out. If only we weren’t running for our lives I would have been laughing on the floor rolling by now. 
Ares managed to grab Gibbs’ hand before I actually found myself rolling on the floor. And I wasn’t laughing. Pain shot up my right thigh and I couldn’t understand why. The van suddenly drove off with a defiant Ares yelling at the driver to stop, but to no avail. 
I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. They were picking up speed like the other vans that convoyed. They were leaving me! I tried to stand up but my left leg only throbbed in pain that I stumbled to the ground, tears were brimming my eyes as my heart sank in fear at the thought of my impending doom. Yes, I was going to die soon! I just knew it.
“We’ll come back Robyn!” was all I heard before the screech of tires drowned it out. All I heard now were the trees rustling to the wind, and all I felt, other than my aching leg, was the scorching sun beating down on my skin. My breath hitched at the sound of boots marching towards me. I tried pathetically crawling through the dirt path, if I could just reach to the nearest tree I could hide for a while until they left.
“Running away, love?” a woman’s sensuous voice caused panic to stir in my heart before I wailed in pain when what seemed like her boot stepped down on my thigh. Tears sprang out of my eyes as I thrashed in a feeble attempt to get her off me, I looked back and should have thought right when I was bleeding now from my leg; I was shot. 
My eyes trailed up at the black leather boots, to the cargo baggy pants hanging low on wide hips that complemented a slim waist and overly generous chests inadequately concealed by a multi-pocketed vest. A beautiful, yet deadly face was scowling right down at me that I could swear her eyes were glowing green through her steel framed glasses, like any moment lasers would shoot right through her sockets and burn me to the ground. 
A wicked smile propped up her bright red lipstick, which by the way brought out the red quite well from her bouncy to-die-for hair. “You must Ethan’s one and only, am I right?” she sneered. 
I spat at her, deciding not to give her the satisfaction she wanted. She tutted at me, wagging a slender finger mockingly at me, “now, now, mind your manners, love. I’m sure Ethan would just be as disappointed if he saw his girlfriend being all rude,”
“Oh dear, what a shame,” I drawled out, feigning concern, “did I offend you?” I spat at her again with every intention of pissing her off.
Her smile fell as her anger clearly burned in her eyes. Sweat began breaking off my skin as I felt that swirl of trepidation sinking into my mind. She brought both my wrists to the small of my back and pinned it with one foot before grabbing my hair. I yelped as she painfully tilted back my head to its limits. My neck was screaming in pain and for a split second I thought she was going to snap it off clean from my shoulders. I tightly shut my eyes and waited for worst.
It never came; instead, she knelt down on her other leg next to my right ear and then felt something cold press against my neck. She brought her lips to my ear and threateningly whispered, “I said, mind your manners, love, your traitor of a boyfriend won’t be around to save your sorry little ass, so I might suggest that you listen to the one in charge here.”
“What you mean he won’t be around?” I couldn’t help but ask. I couldn’t bring myself to imagine the worse for him. I began looking around as my eyes would let me and saw a group of familiar men surround us. He couldn’t die so easily, I mean I saw his fucking skin puke out those bullets!
“Show her,” she commanded. From the corner of my eye I saw two men dragging a limp Ethan by the hair before they threw him to the ground next to me. He didn’t react, nor move. He was staring back at me with eyes wide open before I muffled a sob like scream.
“You killed him?” I asked in a struggled voice. My voice nearly cracked as I stopped myself from weeping before her. Hatred spilled from within my body but kept still, trying to set my mind on overdrive as I thought of ways trying to escape this hold. It only died away just as it surfaced to my thoughts when the realization hit me: I was too scared to move.
“No, you stupid bitch, can’t you see he’s still breathing?” she chuckled slightly, craning my neck so I could see the steady rise and fall of his chest. “He’s not moving because we tasered him off, ingenious I know but I figured that it only would seem like the logical thing to do when you have millions and millions of robots doing their thing in your body right? Guess, what? I was right, I basically short circuited millions of them, automatically paralyzing him,”
“Besides, we can’t kill him,” She rolled her eyes and continued, “The boss still needs him alive, you should be thankful for that. And unfortunately, he wanted you alive too, so sadly enough, I can’t kill you either,”
She pressed the knife harder against my neck I could feel it stinging; she must have given me a superficial cut, “none of you deserve to live after letting my husband die like that. And you know what sickens me more? Watching you two cooperate with the enemy.”
“What are you talking about?” My voice failed me as I ended up sounding like a pathetic, scared little girl that I actually was right now.
“You must be Robyn,” she flashed me a dangerously sweet smile, easily ignoring my question, “Ethan must have mentioned about me, if not, then you should remember this name: Emily Green, the bitch who will fucking kill you when The boss no longer needs you.”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
 
Ethan’s POV 
Bullets sank deep into my skin. It hurt like hell I admit, but I knew it wasn't going to kill me or mutilate me in any way. I ran out into the opened and dove, sliding past a fallen enemy as I grabbed for the rifle and shot five men down to my east.

With Ares acing up all my senses and increasing my constitution I felt as hyper as a baby who had five candy canes for breakfast. I could take down almost ten men without a gun and still not break a sweat.

Wait. Hold that thought. I set the rifle standing to one side. I knew this was crazy but it has been a while since I indulged into a battlefield-like fight. Like those epic cliché one man versus a hundred in the strange games Robyn makes me play? Yep, I was going to try that out today.

I ran towards a stack of crates near the entrance just as a new line walked in, I ran up the stacks and kicked off unsuspectingly as the men knelt down and regrouped for formation.
I easily knocked one on the head breaking his spine before arching back quickly to grab the next soldier's head before I used my momentum to spin off on his shoulders so that I instantaneously kicked two soldiers near by whilst breaking this fucker's neck.

The moment I landed, all four men dropped lifelessly to the ground. I should seriously reconsider my new title to be the Breakneck Speed. I better consult Ares on that later, right now I still had six men to bring down to prove my point that I can take them down without breaking a sweat. And so far, I haven't.

The next four came with their guns pointed at me; I was about to make my move when another six quickly came for their comrades back up. I smirked to hide the panic swelling in my chest. At a long range, I was weak. But if I get close enough, they had no chance to even scream.

I allowed them to slowly lead me to a wall to corner, which was pretty stupid because they believed that I was vulnerable with nowhere else to run. Then again, they could also be underestimating me, believing that I wouldn’t harm them like the last time we met. Well that was before I met Ares, and after I did, I can proudly guarantee that these guys are going to have a great time with me. I mean look at the party their former comrades just had with me, surely they couldn’t have missed that.
"Come on Gould, we don't want to hurt you," one of them spoke after a moment of silence, they all had oxygen masks on so I didn't really know who spoke. I didn’t care though, that just made my life a whole lot easier.

"I know," my smile faded. I let my rush of adrenaline take on a new hype as I kicked off the wall from behind me to boost the momentum of my somersault. Launching myself to the first enemy I saw, guns promptly fired at random but all missed, it was so epic.

Whenever I was weaponless, I learned the hard way that the cervical spine was always the key whether or not they had the NIES in them. I punched the first person I launched towards with my right across the face hearing that crunchy crack from his spine. I wasted no time as I brought my legs to catch the nearest enemy by the neck and logrolled in the air as I landed supine on the ground.

Six down, four more to go before I go grab a gun.

I knocked one down as I jumped to my feet and kicked his neck. Unoriginal, I know. When I turned I grabbed two soldiers by their cervical spine and twisted it as both instantly fell limp to the ground. Three seconds has passed and the soldiers were struggling to grab hold of me.

Actually, one did. This guy must be packed with NIES, because when I tried to wrench free, I had difficulty in doing so. In front of me was a guy holding a gun willing to pull the trigger. I swung my weight forth so that my hugger lunged with me, catching the bullet with the top of his head.

"Shit, Coleman!" said his colleague, lowering his gun in pure disbelief. That must be his friend’s name.
“Oh I feel that feel, bro,” I mused, slowly standing straight as the dying man on my back was slowly losing his grip. “But right now, I ain’t giving you a shit,”
"You're gonna pay for that you asshole!" The angry soldier lifted his gun. Just as my dead hugger fell to the ground on my right, I grabbed his rifle before he touched the ground.
"I brought ten men down without a gun, and I barely broke a drop of sweat, beat that!" I boasted before finishing off this guy with a pull of my trigger. I knew there were more, but apparently, the new guys were the smarter ones.
They fell back and took cover behind random crates, quickly I ran towards the line where I knew shouldn’t be crossed because that would be where Robyn was going to help Ares’ team escape. I glanced over my shoulder and she was with two women garbed in white, they were ducking from time to time as they slowly progressed through the back door.
Standing out in the open was a very risky thing to do, I admit, heck, I felt naked standing here right now with nothing to cover me. However, this seemed to have its perks. On the far corner of my eye, I spotted a figure aiming a gun at Robyn. I shot him down instantly, a few began popping out from their hiding and I shot several more accurately between their foreheads. Trust me, when you have badass bots spiking your vision high, it was just so easy.
An arm wrapped around my neck, but before it could do any more damage, I ducked and swung, using his weight against him to throw him to the ground. He quickly recovered and spun his legs to get up; I only managed to backflip away with my free hand, knocking his head back with the toe of my shoes. I quickly fired the gun at him, but he drew out a handgun and hit my hand faster than I could react; he knocked my gun away from me! Damn!
I ignored the pain shooting up my arm. I didn’t panic since I knew the bots in my body would eventually push out the bullet. I tried to dive for my gun and roll away to the nearest metal pillar but even before I could do that, the sound of guns cocking caught my attention. I looked around me and observed the hiding enemies step out with bullets ready to fire.
Smirking, I slowly raised my hands.
“I never wanted to believe them,” a familiar voice spoke. I turned to the one with the handgun, the a-hole who knew how to fight. No one could easily disarm me other than Craw; maybe this guy shared the same mentor with him. I couldn’t tell, after all I wasn’t friendly with anyone in the agency other than the General, Craw and Green.
“Do you believe them now?” I asked smoothly, I was surprised to hear myself sound cockier than I intended to be. I wouldn’t blame this guy if that made him hate me more.
“I’d never expect to see the Golden Boy turn against his own,” he said, shaking his head. Actually, the voice didn’t seem that manly at all. I cocked my head slightly to the side, feigning boredom as I tried to work out his voice. “Don’t you recognize me, love?”
I had to refrain myself from cringing, but it was just so hard when there was only one person I knew who would always call me ‘love.’ My skepticism was reinforced with an utter shock of denial as he removed the oxygen mask from his face. Fiery red hair cascaded down her shoulders as she shook them free from tangles. He was a she.
She took out a pair of thin-rimmed glasses and wore them. My breath caught in my throat the moment her bright green eyes bore down on mine. Her red vibrant lips stretched into a cold mocking smile, “how about now?”
“Emily?” I choked out; the realization scalded me so painfully I could feel the pain scorch tendrils of my heart. Slowly, tears began clouding my vision; I tried so hard to fight it back but I realized I was on the losing end. I looked up to this woman like my mother. I didn’t know what to tell her, I suddenly felt so ashamed with the things I’ve done and said. I found myself opening and closing my mouth as I failed to try to find the right words to say again and again. 
Heck, I didn’t even know what to tell her. Should I say sorry I let your husband take the bullet for me? Or what about, did you also know a lot about me but kept it to yourself like everyone back in ERA? Maybe I could try small talk and compliment how she put up a fight back there.
“Cat got your tongue, love?” she sighed, folding her arms across her chest before she began clicking her tongue repetitively, “I simply don’t know what to say, you’ve been a very bad boy you know?”
She sauntered a few steps towards me and stopped when we were face to face. Mine flushed when I saw disappointment and sadness taint her usual vibrant one. I suddenly understood why she was so full of hate, why she was like a she beast when she fought me back there. She must have known that I let Craw take the bullet for me; she might have hated me for that. I hate myself for that, but after everything that Ares told me, what if Craw also knew?
You know what? I didn’t want to know if Craw was a part of all this anymore. Let the man die with my sliver of respect still intact for him. He took the bullet for me, his actions was more than enough to prove to me that he wasn’t one of them. Let me rephrase what I just back then, this man has all my respect for him intact. Period. 
Emily drew back slightly and she commanded her men with a scathing voice, “Taser him off boys, I’m not in the mood for small talk with this one,” 
Something painful spiked my nape and I found my knees buckling as I convulsed to the ground. My consciousness slipped faster away from my grip like sand through my fingers, soon my vision was clouded by darkness and I couldn’t even move.
“They’re getting away,” was the last thing I heard.
I just hope Robyn and the rest actually does.
*
I woke to the sound of a familiar beep right next to me.
I pried my eyes wide open as I adjusted to the light rudely angled right at me, making it difficult to see anything at all. I tried to bring my hands up to my eyes but realized I couldn’t because something was keeping it in place against the cold metal gurney. This felt kind of nostalgic if you asked me. 
You know what? I’m beginning to realize how often I’m taken for hostage these past few months. I’m not sure myself if it’s by coincidence, but this was slowly starting to become an irritating trend ever since I met Robyn. She must be bad luck.
“Too bright for you, love?” that voice haunted me so much that I didn’t want to face her yet out of guilt and shame. But it wasn’t like she was going to give me the consideration. She took away the light that made seeing impossible and showed me her immaculate face; she showed no effort of hiding how much she loathed me right now. I can’t blame her for that. I was just as angry with Ares before I learned he was my brother.
Of course! This was why I should be the one angry with these liars! They never told me that he was alive, they never even told me much about my past or who my father was! And these bastards still had the balls to be the ones feeling all angry and betrayed? I opened my mouth ready to let a steamy line of profanities escape my lips until I was interrupted.
“General, Sleeping Gorgeous is up, what do we do to him?” she stepped back, her infuriated eyes still connected with mine as I equaled the vehemence she was trying to strain into me. This girl probably knew where I came from as well and kept it from me! The simple thought of that made me want to puke. To think I was starting to go soft on her many years ago. I knew she meant no good.
“Agent Green, you should clearly tell the difference between what a General and a Colonel is by now,” sighed a familiar voice, a tall proud man came into my line of sight. He had graying cropped hair and a virile moustache that were trimmed smartly just above his upper lip. He held his hands behind his back with his chest puffed out. “Agent Gould, it has been a while since we’ve seen each other, eh?”
I kept my mouth shut. Throughout the ten years of my life under this man’s great tutelage, I’d never come to realize how difficult it was to see them now in these awkward situations. I’d never imagine for them to be the bad guys after they’ve taught me so much and—they were still the bad guys. The liars who fed me lies as I grew up longing for my family. 
“You knew didn’t you?” I hissed matching the anger that radiated throughout every fiber in my body. I was biding my energy and waited for my metabolism to pick up. The beeping next to me informed them what I was planning.
The Colonel didn’t seem scared at all. His face was just as hard as I was accustomed to; Emily on the other hand, gave me the satisfaction of showing the slightest hint of fear. She narrowed her eyes at me when she saw me smirking proudly, “Sir, he’s…”
The old man simply raised his hand to shut her up. He never looked away from me and spoke carefully.  “Tell me, Gould, what are going to do now that you know?”
I smirked, playing a dangerous hint in my eyes, "that was all I needed to hear, sir."

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Robyn's POV

Have you ever teleported before?

Well I have. Lots of times. And trust me, it's not fun. Honestly, maybe no one would ever consider it as teleporting. But fainting at one place and waking up in another is not what any normal person would consider as teleporting.
Okay, so maybe I didn't teleport. But can we please just stop calling it as kidnap? Or hostage? Or whatever?

It's so annoying being the damsel in distress! What is this? A drama series? Why can't I at least be the badass chick who wins at the end of the day and not some lame bait the hero is burdened with to save at the end of the day?

My hero isn't even some prince charming. Okay, maybe he isn't a prince, but at least his highness was royally hot. And though he wasn’t as charming like your average gentleman, at least he was charming enough to share some good laughs with.
He was a 'Golden Boy' at some Academy for crying out loud. But unfortunately, he was kicked out. My head was hurting simply thinking about it. Everything about him made it sound less and less valiant. Don’t ask me again why he was kicked out, I'm not telling you the story all over again from here. That was also because I also didn’t know what the exact reason was.
Never mind, I have too many things to think about right now. Like how to escape in thirty seconds, or maybe how to persuade the enemy to set me free and never come hunting me down again.

Granted that Fate has its own favorites, I very well knew that I was in the 'Not Favorite' list, otherwise, I wouldn't even end up being tied to this gurney!
The irony of it all is that I'm a nurse, an occupation that I haven't practiced the moment I was registered as one. My life, being so full of the unexpected, can not be simple labeled off as depressing. I can, however, consider my life to be exciting if I ever survive all this and look back to laugh at how I managed to survive all this crap.

"Are you comfie enough, love?"

Simply hearing that voice made the hairs on my spine stand on edge. The freezing metal gurney turned colder against my skin. I had the choice to peek through my eyelids but decided against it, not really looking forward to temporary blindness with the light brightly angled right into my eyes.

The footfalls of high heels echoed in the chilly room. By the way the pinkness dimmed away behind my eyelids, I knew by then she moved it. Which also meant she was standing very closely to me.

"Don't you want to open your eyes?" she said, feigning endearment. The proximity of her lips from my ears made me shudder in fear, "it would be stupid to pretend you're asleep, because your EEG tells us otherwise,"

"I'm not feigning sleep," I muttered, regretting every moment as each word slipped from my mouth, "I just don't want to see your hideous face,"

The next thing I knew she grabbed a fistful of my hair, a whimper escaped my lips. She hissed, "Look at me you bitch!"

"Enough of that Green,"

Another voice spoke. She released me, making sure she banged my head so hard against the unforgiving surface that my brain throbbed in a dull sense of pain; I could almost throw up from the building pressure. "Oops," I could feel her smiling as she said that.

"Green, that's no way to treat our guest," the man said but showed no genuine concern. I heard him step into the room and was, no doubt, walking towards me.

He pried open my eyes and flashed the light briefly across my field of vision. The moment he did that, I struggled violently against his hold just to keep my eyes shut.

The light felt like a jagged knife searing through my socket that embedded deeply to the back of my head. I whimpered in pain, which was the best I could do, since it hurt so much I couldn't make anymore noise; just like the way when you laughed too hard. Only I'm not laughing.

"It seems to be working," he muttered as he drew back, "how are her vital signs?"

"Slow but steady," reported Green.

"As expected, and her vital organs, no signs of hemorrhage?"

"None, unfortunately," she answered nonchalantly.

"Adverse reactions?" He went on.

"None so far in the last twelve hours," she answered curtly.

"Good, dim the lights if you please," said this man.

"Yes, Colonel,"

And soon the lights were pleasant enough for me to adjust to. I was in an empty black room with a single gentle beam directed right above me.

Strapped down and lying spread eagle on the gurney, I was once again garbed in a patient's gown. The nostalgia that went along with it made my stomach churn. Who could forget my horrible previous 'situation.'

A man, whom I suspected to be the Colonel Green was talking to, stood right next to me, watching me with eyes I couldn't get through. He was a strong looking man that looked to be in his late fifties. His cropped graying hair matched his mustache like a uniform, he was wearing a green military uniform with badges on his chest looking every bit of the title he dignified. Everything about him was Authority.

"Age nineteen, female and single. Born to Samara Nathaniels and Engineer Antoine Van Hausen, born on the first of December in your hometown in Maine," he announced, "are you that woman who fits into this background?"

My mouth hung open despite my efforts to stay calm. How did he know all this? I felt so invaded! What else could he possibly know about me? The way he looked at me made it so difficult to keep my facade firm and straight. His influence was too intimidating that I just needed to nod and say yes.

"I am Colonel Lincoln Marduk, the co-founder of this organization, the Elite Recombinant Agency," he began, his voice so firm and monotonous he was talking to me as like I was a soldier, "you young miss have been summoned forth by the organization's board of directors to partake in a project that has been recently on going. Agent Green, if you please,"

The redhead took out a tiny remote control from one of her many pockets and summoned a colossal holographic screen emanating vividly by just a few feet away from us; it stretched right across the room in a concave manner.

"What we have been working on is an upgrade of our competitor's work. To sum things all scientific, what makes ours different is that it can divide itself so that we wouldn't be needing any more future doses," he went on as the screen showed a highly magnified version of what those nanobots looked like that ran through Ethan's and Ares' body.

They looked like tiny platelets that had a blinking center: those were the Neurovascular Invasive Electronic System. Next to it was another one that looked just as similar, but had a more pliant look as it seemed to jiggle a bit to make its point.

When the general said it could divide, as if on cue, those upgraded bots showed an animated series of an artificial mitosis.

"Another upside is that, unlike the NIES, when injected on a female, ours can be passed on to the offspring," he said with a hint of amusement in his voice, the way he said it made it look like he was talking about animals instead of humans, "meaning we don't have to continuously borrow one from your boyfriend Ethan so we could make an exact replica, all we have to do now is just find our host and start spreading the creation!"

Speaking of that guy I immediately asked, "Where's Ethan?"

"Aww, how sweet, this little tramp misses him," Emily cooed mockingly as she annoyingly batted her lashes at me.

"Is this why you're going to kill him off?" I asked, ignoring the girl as I focused intently at the Colonel, trying to be very clear on how much I hated him.

"That's one of the many reasons, yes,” He nodded before clearing his throat, “why?” 
“Did you know how highly he spoke of you?” I interjected, “He looked to you like a hero! And after all that, once you found a replacement you’re just going to throw him off?”
A pleased smirk framed itself comfortably on his lips, “I know. It’s a shame yes, but I knew that the moment ARC gets hold of him his views towards us would change. I’m guessing my hunch is right, though. He seemed to hold so much angst lately like a teenaged tramp PMSing, I wonder why.”
“And you!” I spat at Emily, “how dare you treat him like that! He treated to you like a mother!”
“And I treated him like a son!” She shrieked, tears were visibly forming in her eyes, “it’s both your fault my husband is dead!”
“Enough with the drama, please,” the Colonel demanded and she instantly held her breath. Muttering her apologies, she dabbed the tears away from her face. He shook his head and then kept a stern gaze fixed on mine, “I don’t seem to understand why you’re bringing this one up,”
“You just can’t kill Ethan!” I quickly answered, suddenly feeling more helpless than I already was, “if he told me his stories right, he was your Golden Boy! One of the Agency’s finest you could ever had! All he ever wanted was to just make ERA proud of him!”
I looked searchingly in his eyes. There must be some good in him. He needed to spare Ethan, he needed to let him go. If they didn’t need him any more, then why won’t they just let him go and live a normal life? I could show him and teach him everything that he missed: his childhood. I could give him that.
I don’t know why I wanted to. But after being through so much with him, that was what he lacked. That was why he always seemed so hard to reach out to, to try and relate with. He didn’t even know what an Xbox is for crying out loud! He was always too reserved and when he spoke, he only spoke with so little emotions. 
Without a normal childhood, he grew up missing a part of himself.
“And he can do that by dying,” He cut me off my train of thoughts, “he won’t be dying in vain, I tell you that. I don’t understand why you can’t see that any speech you make right now is useless. What are you even trying to make me do? Feel bad for him?” He chuckled darkly, “It has already been agreed upon. I’m just here to make sure that the project is working,” 
“What project?” I asked, my eyes narrowed. My brain did a quick flash through the recent information that it received just now until I came to a conclusion I didn’t want to embrace. My fortress of denial only crumbled away faster than a sand castle wrecked by the sea was when Emily spoke with a sinister grin on her face.
“It’s the only reason why you’re dragged into this mess," the Colonel spoke slowly, as if debating whether or not he should tell a secret he had sworn to never escape his lips, "Dealing with business does not make an organization a bad person. Let's just call it compensation, ARC did not do their end of the bargain, so we didn't either,"
"What do you mean?" I began slowly, not quite sure with what he was trying to get at. His ambiguity was not playing well into my brain.
"Simple, Ares stole our agent since their real objective was to experiment the Rubrix on him, which of course stung since that was only supposed to be the geek's cover," Emily rambled on like she was telling her story during her weekly trip to the grocery, "it only turns out he played us, so we all thought, why not pull the prank on him and see how that feels!"
I was so confused now. Was Ares the bad guy? Because the way they put it, he was the one that actually agreed to this Marduk guy's plans. I couldn't believe Ares! I felt so much more betrayed than ever that I didn't know who to believe anymore. Wait, did they say that they actually want revenge? But how...
 “Oh hell no! I will not let you experiment that thing on my body!” I bellowed, frantically thrashing against my leather bound restraints. I will not let them violate my body! Lord only knows so much with what this new technology of theirs can do to me!
She pouted mockingly, “Too late, love,”

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Ethan's POV

Grunting, I staggered back. I've earned myself a fresh batch of bruises that didn't heal. It was a morbid indicator that ERA managed to shut down the bots in my body, and I didn't like it.

Heaving heavily, I could feel my lungs searing in pain, their growing fatigue left a hint of a metallic taste in my mouth. I shoved all those aside and charged for the door--Bang!

The moment my right rammed against the cushioned door, I slowly slid down in failure. My body was aching, my head felt dull and all my senses were compromised.

What the hell were they going to do with Robyn? Our last conversation before I was thrown here almost turned into a bloodbath when I managed to break lose from their restraints. It’s amazing when nanobots mix with hormones, they can only do you so many wonders.

Gingerly prying myself off the wall, I assessed for any broken ribs. Thank goodness, there was none so far. I don't know how long it had been since they threw me in this hellhole. It was too quiet, too white and everything was too soft that it made me cringe at this room's emptiness. I was like in those white rooms they trapped severe psychotics in the mental hospital. I was definitely not psychotic, but I'm afraid I eventually would be if I stayed here longer.

Because of the many downfalls to my initial plan, which was break out and kill anyone on sight, I gave it up and allowed myself to rest for a while. I raised my hand and observed patches of green and blue. Did they really shut down my NIES, or were they just slowly starting up after I have been tasered off? I shook my head.

Labeling Emily Green as an enemy took some time getting used to.

Proven that I am officially weak and useless for now, I'm just hoping for some miracle to happen. I do have a good chance with it since my brother, Ares, managed to escape. All thanks to Robyn on that one.

Speaking of which, what could they be doing to her? What were they even planning with her? The Colonel ignored my questions back then, Emily brought that up against me just to distract me as they knocked me down once more. The next thing I know, here I am.

If you're thinking that my weakness right now is Robyn, then you're wrong!

The door budged, quickly, I rolled to the side. This was my chance to attempt an escape. The tiny sliding window it had opened, "Hey, I have company here, don't try doing any funky business," said a gruff voice, "any attempts of escape will only be futile,"

I kept still, waiting ever so slowly as he undid the security locks. The door groaned as he pushed it open, I instantly made a move to sweep the feet of the first person that came into view off the ground. He fell and quickly I tackled the body.

Only to stop when the door shut tight again. Confused I looked back down, why would they want to leave their comrade stuck with me? I was just going to kill him off. It wasn't like that was going to help me calm down. The more ERA began showing more of its bad side, the more they disgusted me.

But it wasn't their comrade I was straddling on. Right beneath me was a body of a woman with a bag that covered her head. Long locks of blonde spilled past the fabric and my heart sank deep into my stomach. With two fingers, I plucked her thumb, raised her whole arm high and then let go. Oh my God, was she dead?

To put an end to my curiosity, I yanked the cloth over her head and my breath caught in my throat. Her usually vibrant facade now lay dull and pale before me. Her chapped lips signified dehydration and the dark circles surrounding her eyes meant fatigue. What have they done to her?

"Robyn?" I asked in mild disbelief. Listening in for a beat, I pressed my ear against her chest, there was none for a minute. I closed my eyes and focused my all into that one ear and then...Ba dump. She's alive! The softest of all beats was enough to give me the satisfaction that she was still alive.

I pulled her into a tight hug, feeling as if a thorn had been plucked off my chest. "Thank God you're okay,"

She mumbled something against my shoulder. Brilliant! She was also awake; I pulled her away, grasping her shoulders as I intently watched her slowly rouse. I saw her lips move but no words came out.

"What?" I said, releasing the air that I didn't notice I've been holding in.

"Stay away from me," said her quiet voice.

I looked down and noticed at the very unorthodox position we were. Of course we were still in patient gowns with nothing else on, that was probably the reason why she wanted me to stay away. Without another word I rose quickly to my feet.

Clearing my throat, I quickly recomposed myself as the Ethan she was accustomed to. But I was just too relieved to see her. I already lost so much; I came to realize that I wasn't ready to lose another one any more. So what does that make this woman? Who is she to me?

Robyn feebly pushed herself to the side, her actions told me that she wanted to sit upright with the wall to support her back. I guess it was better that way instead of her sprawling awkwardly supine like a ragdoll at my feet. I bent down to wordlessly help her--

"Don't touch me," she said quietly.

Her words, sharper than a dagger, embedded painfully into my comprehension. I recoiled and watched her progress until she managed to shuffle her way around her wanted result. Sitting a reasonable distance away from her, I watched her carefully. She was so weak; she moved too carefully and most of all seemed drugged.

"Robyn," I began, "what did they do to you?"

My chest crumpled in pain when she shot an icy glare at me as it slowly crumbled away to a tearful, sad look. Biting her lip, she stifled a sob, quickly averting her eyes from me. I watched her shoulders shake violently as hiccoughed more and more loud sobs escaping her frail frame.

They broke her.

My stomach churned in sadness, luring tears to gather in my eyes. I fought them back; this wasn't the time to cry for her. It would be stupid and pathetic to have a full-grown man cry with her. I'm not gay.

Quickly looking over her body, I searched for signs of battery or torture. There weren't any. Helplessly, I asked, "What did they do to you?"

She fell quiet.

Maybe she was contemplating with what to say or where to start. Seconds stretched to what seemed like minutes before I quietly spoke again, "Robyn?"

Her shoulders suddenly began shaking.

"Robyn?" I slowly reached out for her.

I couldn't exactly see her face with that thick blonde curtain hiding her from me. But I could clearly see she was definitely shaking. Before I managed to plant my hand on her shoulder, she broke out into a fitful of laughter.

Why was she laughing? She whipped her head towards me and began another wave of laughter, but not one of her eyes showed the humor in it. She was suddenly crawling towards me, laughing madly that it was starting to creep out.

"Robyn?" I felt so stupid because that suddenly became the only thing I learned to say. I was backing away slowly from her now given that we were only a few inches apart, "what have they done to you?"

She laughed more hysterically than the last and still kept going towards me. I stumbled to my feet and saw her crawling form drag itself across the white cushioned floor. The wall met my back, all I could do know was watch the insanity take over her.

She was grabbing my legs now as she pulled herself up, her laughter slowly muted as she slowly stood steadily before me. I wasn't sure now if I was scared or hurt because of what ERA did to her. But hell, she reminded me of a blonde Sudoku—was it?—from the Japanese horror movie, The Ring.

She was watching me curiously now with a humorless smile that slowly faded into curiosity.

Then that's where I concluded. They broke her, mentally tortured her and then sent her to me so that I would break too. They took away the most amazing girl I've ever met who taught me so much in a span of a few weeks only to return this empty girl that I once knew as Robyn.

I watched her as strongly as I could. But with a broken soul boring into my eyes like that was too much. I've seen so many lives lost, but never this way. I've seen my loved ones die, but never within.

I pulled this estranged woman into my chest and hugged her tightly, "I'm sorry,"

"All of you lied to me," she said quietly, a hint of sanity struck me with a sliver of hope. I hugged her tighter as if it were the only way to keep it from slipping away. I was scared to lose her. I didn’t know why, but if I were given a choice, I’d rather have ERA kill her instead of ruining her mental soundness.

"I never lied to you, I'm also a victim of this," I said slowly, making sure she digested every word.

"Ares lied to us," she wailed before she began sobbing again.

I hushed her, awkwardly stroking her hair before deciding against it. I wasn't accustomed to these kinds of things but I always saw couples do these when the other felt sad. Not that we ever were in the first place, of course. "That's not true, ERA is telling you the things they told me. Lies,"

She pushed herself away from me with such strength that caught me by surprise, "so you're telling me you know?" A frightening smile propped her surprised face, threatening me again that she might lose it any moment.

"I don't know anything, but I can confidently say that we can trust Ares!" I quickly added, saying the first things that came across my mind just so that she won't turn.

"Trust Ares so that he can betray us?" she dramatically threw her hand to the side to emphasize her point, "or trust ERA so that they can betray us? There's only one thing that defines the world where you live in, Ethan,"

She leaned forward, carefully keeping a baleful stare down before she spat the words out like a vulgar word, "Traitors," 

Wincing, the words cut me deep. She was right. I quickly retorted, "it already happened Robyn, we can't do much about the past now."

"So what do you want me to do Ethan?" she spun on her heel with palms wide and supine towards me. "What do you want me to do? Agree to everything they do to me? Accept that I'm a pawn to their game of chess now? Why do you even pretend that you fucking care when all we know is that you're obliged to take care of me since Craw agreed to go ahead and abduct me and then die on you in the end? I'm only stuck with you because of your selfish motherfucking guilt!"

"That choice has nothing to do with Craw, Robyn," I snapped vehemently, "I plucked you out from that closet, because I didn't want to leave you dead!"

The surprise that gripped me was tighter than the effect it had on Robyn the moment those words fled my mouth. The answer to my subconscious question filled my thoughts with several more as it dawned on me. With Robyn giving me that face right now, I panicked. I didn't know what to expect, let alone explain why I didn't let her die.

But of course, Robyn always had ways to get into my nerve, and bringing up that question surely did it.

"Why?" She asked curiously, "why didn't you just let me die?"

Here we go with the drama. A month ago, that question would have enraged me. I mean, hello? I saved you because you had no right to die in this mess. But now, those words didn't feel like coming up. I turned away, mentally slamming my head against a wall. That action alone wouldn't change anything much since this was a plain four-walled room.

"So you had the choice to let me die, but why didn't you just let me?" She asked, her voice cracked.

I tilted my head back, breathing heavily as I chaffed my face impatiently. Feigning nonchalance, I planted my hands on my hips, "you should just be grateful, okay?"

"You asshole!" she roared, suddenly she was charging me. Slapping me, scratching me, kicking me, pulling my hair and all those girly attacks I expected. But what I didn't expect was how strong each of her blows were that she eventually tackled me to the ground.

"Ow!" I yelped as she scratched my neck, "Stop it!" I managed to plant my feet on her stomach then kicked her over my head just to get off me. I quickly got to me feet.

This woman was crazy! I mean she was crying her eyes out, laughing hysterically the next and now she's tackling me like an enraged monkey, "what the hell's wrong with you, woman?"

"What the hell is wrong with me?" she gasped, "What the hell is wrong with me?" she let out a strangled shriek before charging at me again.

Oh crap! Was this a nightmare or something? Because if it was, please wake me up. I would rather see the sweet, gentle hearted Robyn that I knew was in control of herself and dying before me rather than have this crazed woman attacking me like she was infected with rabies! I scrambled up and began running for my life I away from her. Strangely enough, there was only so much space this tiny room could provide for us. I felt a tug at the back of my gown, craning my neck, I peeked over my shoulder and--Fuck, she's gaining on me!

On instinct, I pivoted on my heel, swept my foot across hers. I grabbed both wrists and as she fell to the ground I pinned them above her head. She was thrashing a bit like a dying fish out of water, I barely managed to straddle her hip again to keep her steady and when I succeeded, she was breathing out steady lines of creative profanities of how she was going to castrate me.

My mouth fell open in horror as I found myself listening to all these things, "I saved you because I cared about you!" I blurted out in panic.

She spat on my face, "bullshit!" and then went on cursing my ancestors and so on and so forth. How do you shut a woman up again? Craw, may his soul rest his peace, once told me a trick that always worked on him. I looked back at this screaming woman and then began a thoughtful mental debate. 

At first I was against it, but seeing how much of an emergency this was. I braced myself and drowned out her words with my tightly pressed lips. When she could still talk around that, I loosened up and enveloped her lips with mine.

To be honest, kissing Robyn once crossed my mind. But when I thought of it, I knew there would never be the day I could. She was too free and friendly that I thought kissing her would ruin the strong bond we've created over the last weeks. I thought that if I did, it would bring forth several days of awkwardness because I did something so reckless and selfish.

A strange pulse reverberated through my every being that reminded me of the force of a bomb from a distance. Only the aftershock of this one brought about light-headedness. I felt the wave of euphoria spill through every core of my being that for a moment I thought I could melt right now in all its goodness. Slowly, as I reluctantly pulled away, I carefully observed the woman right before me.

With her hair wildly framing her now flushed face, the way her blue eyes opened widely made me feel nothing more but shame. Her lips that parted, though, coaxed me for one last kiss but berated myself heavily as I dragged myself off her.

I only kissed her to shut her up. I repeated that line over and over like the monks would their mantras.

Unfortunately, the sudden realization dawned on me slowly like the setting sun. What had I done? She was giving me that look that could possibly bring an end to my life. By that simple action alone, I felt so raw from the inside out the moment the realization raked itself painstakingly into my head.

Am I actually falling for this banshee?
Well on the brighter side, at least that shut her up.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Robyn’s POV 
His soft succulent lips enveloped mine, closing every gap to seal my mouth with his. It wasn't hurried or rough, but gentle and unsure as if any moment, I would shatter to a thousand pieces. A wave of bliss pulsed throughout my body, summoning faint warmth swirling in the pit of my stomach.

Oh God I wanted more.

Because he was pinning my wrists above my head, I couldn't move. I couldn't wrap my arms around him and pull him closer; I couldn't make him deepen the kiss. My body slowly throbbed, screaming for more, but I couldn't do anything about it. The way our bodies were pressed against each other with nothing more but a measly gown dangerously increased the heat from my very core.

I couldn't stop him when he pulled away, watching me carefully like he had broken an antique porcelain vase I inherited from my grandmother. His beautiful brown eyes were so intense with shock, slowly I remembered what had just happened minutes before he tackled me to the ground.

Pulling himself off me made my body wail in agony, begging for him to come back. Yet with my willpower, I kept my urges at bay.

Tears slowly pooled in the corners of my eyes and dribbled infinitely to the sides of my temples. I felt so depressed, so angry and so full of raw emotions that couldn't take it in any longer. I turned to my side and hugged my knees, quietly crying to myself.
Minutes of obstinate silence agonizingly stretched to what seemed like forever until a hand gently touched my head, soothing me to hush. Ethan sat behind me, comforting me in his reticence, but did he even understand what I went through?

"They sliced me over and over, hit me so hard several times, and gunned me with so many bullets and broke my bones one by one only to be healed again and again," I explained the horror before my throat knotted tightly. Drained from tears, I remained silent as well.

I heard him sigh heavily; he rubbed his face and then heard a few shuffles behind me. A moment later his arm draped across my torso, intending nothing else but to comfort me. It worked, by that small gesture I’ve never felt so secured, so safe and so serene. This alone encouraged me to get it all off my chest so that my perturbed conscience would finally be at peace.

"They said I couldn't suffocate or drown, get drunk or be poisoned because these things speed up my metabolism," I went on, rambling on so monotonously as if I were some zombie, but with each word that I let go, the lighter and lighter I felt.

"They told me that I was going to replace you and if I refused, my family and all my loved ones and everyone else I knew will die," new tears blurred my vision and slowly I curled some more. The hopelessness that I though I had successfully doused threatened to resurface with renewed strength.
He pulled me closer until my cold back pressed against his warm front, reinforcing my refuge for sanity, a beacon for my lost and hungry soul to come back to and then ever so slightly, he whispered, "they've done that to me too, but I had no family for them to threaten with,"

"Lucky you," I scowled, but of course he wouldn't see that.

"I don't think I was lucky, they lied to me about my family, at least you knew you have a family to live for," he pointed out, his voice was so tender, filled with words that warmed me with ease.

"Ethan," I began again, carefully debating on whether or not I should have spoken. His mere presence seemed to be the remedy to all this mess I was dragged in to and whatever I say next might break this fragile, peaceful moment we rarely shared together. 
"What?" he voice drawled slowly. I shouldn’t have asked, now there was no backing down now on this one. The chances of being reminded by this unrelentingly would be a price I’d have to pay if we ever survived tomorrow and the following days after.

"That was my first real kiss," I muttered quickly. The sooner I said it, the sooner he would probably get over it. Being the most unpredictable person I’ve ever met, he pushed himself up behind me, trying to get a good view of my face. The biggest mistake I made was to glance up at him.

"Are you shitting me?" he asked incredulously, an annoying grin plastered his face that screamed ‘I am so not getting over this.’

I slowly turned my head to fully face him, making sure I looked as scary as hell, "I'm still going to kill you for that," I growled vehemently. I couldn’t believe I decided to tell him. What the hell was I thinking? Why did I even give him that satisfaction? I swung my elbow hard, aiming for his chest. Who gives a damn if I crushed this guy’s ribs?

He rolled away quickly, but stood with a playful smile on his face.

"I'm not kidding, you ass!" I was slowly getting to my feet, rage was gradually building within me. I mean sure it was my fault, and I knew there were consequences, but was he seriously this much of a jerk? I was expecting an apology! Was this all his stupid brain could think of doing?

"I dare you to go all crazy again and I swear you're going to have your second," he said, each words oozing with confidence.

Clicking my tongue, I shook my head in defeat. It was useless to try and beat some sense into his neurons. I gathered myself up to hobble over to the corner. My body was still getting accustomed to these damned bots. What if they clump together and block my arteries? I shuddered, I must make sure to take aspirin every day just to be on the safe side.

"Is this what the whole crazy laughing lady act was about?" he asked all of the sudden, amusement rang clear in his voice, "just because they injected you some badass bots, you're going to let them walk all over you?"

My face heated up and I could already tell I was blushing. Like a child sent to time out, I sat down hugging my knees as I faced the wall. Had I really lost it that much back then? I don’t know, I guess I was so annoyed that I needed to laugh at his face. I needed to laugh at the world. I was, at a point, almost losing my head, but at least it wasn’t an act I was trying to pull off.
Who would want to pretend they’re crazy? That wasn’t the thing though. He doesn’t know everything. ERA implanted this into me for the purpose of bearing a baby that would have these bots running in its veins. They also wanted to see what would happen if I tried to have a baby whose father also carried the NIES? In other words, they wanted to make a baby factory out of me. 
I didn’t feel like telling that bit to Ethan. Heck, I didn’t feel like talking to him anymore.
“Don’t you even understand how cool this thing is?” Added Ethan, I couldn't believe it, but he reminded me like one of those kids with head lice. This was something that a normal person would gladly decline to, but there he was enjoying every itchy moment of his head-infested life. Except that the infestation was something in our veins, like a blood fluke. I shuddered. Ew. 
I shook my head, being a cyborg was nothing to be proud of. Okay, maybe I’m technically not one since it was running inside my system. I don’t know, I don’t want to think about it right now. Silence came soon after. 
“Robyn,” said Ethan from behind me. I didn’t look. “My bruises are gone”
“Good for you,” I rolled my eyes. This idiot was definitely not making me feel any better. A faint beep caught my attention somewhere to my south. That was where the door was.
“Did you hear that?” He asked me all of a sudden. Curiously, I craned my neck over my shoulder and saw that he was also looking at the door. We both exchanged glances, the sense of camaraderie instantly returned before he ran over to me and helped me up. 
"I'm still not going to let this one go," He firmly stated, waggling his brows at me.
I rolled my eyes, "you're still an ass, Ethan"
Putting all this little issue aside, I soon found myself failing to conjure any more reaction to this but smile along with him the moment we knew the event bound to happen next was inevitable. I didn't intend for that to mean anything else, mind you.
Soon enough both shared the shit-eating grin of a Cheshire cat as excitement bubbled all throughout us,  in unison we said: “Ares” 
As if on cue, the door exploded.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Ares’ POV
"To sum it all up, there are four entrances to the facilities that have blind spots," I began, "Twenty of my best men will be grouped into five. Each one will have a leader the other four will report to."

Standing before smartly dressed men, ready for action, I was currently conducting our briefing for the day. Here in this wide conference room, twenty-one highly trained men, all of which sat on the end nearest to me, had merely occupied a long oval table.

These guys were the best in my troop, out of a hundred; I narrowed it down to just twenty, the extra one person was Gibbs jotting notes away in his tablet. Don't get me wrong though, my troop had always been the best in ARC, but we were rarely set out into other missions. I’m not sure why, though. 
An overhead projector revealed a blueprint of ERA's building behind me, highlighting their ‘state of the art’ security and most importantly our Target (which, by the way seems to be in two places at once, I better look into that later, it must be a glitch).

"This is a rescue mission guys, and like the others we've done that succeeded flawlessly in the past, I only expect the same from you today," I smiled at them confidently, "my only job here is to clean up bits and pieces of your litter, just make sure you don't leave too much of a mess, we're going in like a ninja!"

It was one hundred hours when we all took off armed and ready. I specifically chose this time since ERA had minimal security compared to the morning. We drove out from our base and ventured through our side of the forest, passed by some cities and so on and so forth. The drive must have been almost an hour or so and it was just too darn quiet. I looked back and saw my men wide awake. Sooner or later, I would have to turn their NIES up to a high despite the fact that things are going to be lying low at ERA.

I mean sure, there were still laser beam trip wires that set many first line defense of traps off. But these guys had the NIES on them, and with my Rubrix to amp all their bio physiological status up to a max, this was going to be easy.

However, we only have an allotted time for a maximum of thirty minutes before fatigue rushed over my men. A side effect I soon figured out after I tried it on myself two days ago. Yes, to clear things out, Ethan was right; I do have the bots in my blood. And unfortunately, my dad's invention does have its downs.

I guess that would only be natural, considering that its still in our body and we humans can only do so much. I mean I saw the best marathon runner break his hamstring and all the other nasty stuff our bodies go into when pushed too far. The wear and tear theory, that was what it was called.

"We're here sir," announced Gibbs, turning the steering wheel for the last time to park. This whiz kid is my awesome assistant, he may not look much other than a poorly stuffed scarecrow, but his brain kept him alive. Clean off the NIES, this guy would be as vulnerable as a baby had it not been for this awesome hi-tech van with the state of the art defense system the two of us built.

The seats my men sat on faced parallel to each other, all ten on each side could fit due to the slight modifications I built. The van was of average size but I did some tweaks to make them all fit. A scientific magic only I could conjure.

Sitting on the passenger seat, next to the driver, I pressed a switch on the side so that my seat turned to face them. My soldiers were my friends, all of them were, so if one goes down it is a requirement to go back for him.
I smiled at my boys, excitement bubbling all over me, they too, grinned back.

"Whose gonna kick some ass?" I hollered.

"We are!" my men chanted.

"Who's gonna get my peepz out of there?" I said, injecting every inch of determination into my voice.

"We are!" they chorused more fervently than the last.

"Who's gonna come back in one piece?" I smiled coyly, letting the Lieutenant side of me slide off by just a tad bit.

"We are!" laughter broke ever so slightly as they shook their heads at my horrible humor.

"Guys, faith in each other is all we have,” I added, resuming to a more somber façade, “we barely do this coz I know the boss won't allow it, but we do know that we never fail our missions.” I shrugged, feigning innocence; I got a batch of snickers from the back, “But hey, seeing how this freaky shit is too dangerous, why not go for it, right? Just like Call of Duty!"

"Yeah!" they cheered with childish enthusiasm. I gave them a few minutes to prep up before I triggered all their NIES up with the Rubrix. Hushed and serious, we carefully filed off the black van. With all their senses spiked, they were cautious as a cat. We were so going to own this, I can’t wait!

Gibbs decided to park somewhere in the forest where all the effing shrubs are everywhere. I didn’t ask, not really wanting to know why. But I eventually got the logic since a few miles away there was a random hill that jutted out of the earth.
Wait a minute… that was so ingenious! They camouflaged their building to look like a forest hill! I swear I was so jealous right now, next time I will redesign our building to look awesomer than this one.
It was draped with moss and vines and I swear a whole new wildlife could have started on its walls by the looks of the full-grown trees scattered evenly. Well, hey, I admit who ever thought of this was amazing. To the naked human eye this was just another freaky something the forest had produced, but to a highly sensitized NIES eye, this was as plain as a stray Vegas building out in the peaceful suburbs.
Aware that this part of the forest was nudging the territory of ERA, like our hundred mile radius, everything here was a trap hidden somewhere any plain human can trigger. But of course, that wasn’t a problem to worry over. I got my men right here upped up. We managed to flawlessly pass through these all and reached the walls at last.
I wasn’t nervous by a bit, I was more excited being out here in the field leading my own men without the General’s orders! 
Silently commanding my men to prepare their places, I had one troop I assigned to myself for backup as I began hacking into ERA’s system—using Robyn’s iPad—without trying to spark their awareness. It only took mere two minutes before all systems quietly went down and all security cameras were frozen; whatever happens in the next thirty minutes will never exist in the enemy’s security system. As long as I have this app on in her iPad, all was good.
The metal doors that vertically parted from each other, silently slid their opposite ways to welcome us in. Two guards had their guns already pointed at us, one of them was just about to signal an alarm had they not been silenced by their own blood. The first two of our platoon’s front easily cleaned up their mess by taking them out and throwing them expertly into the forest, avoiding nearby areas that could trigger an alarm.
Giving the signal, we quietly filed in and repositioned ourselves to close in any blind spot as we stood in the middle of the hall; quickly we headed for the next corner and tried our best to blend in with the shadows. All our thoughts were muted as we only had the mission registered into our heads and nothing more.
What first seemed to grab my attention inside this building was how dark and depressing ERA’s mood set from the inside. Their theme was chrome; everything had an air that was too serious for my taste that I almost felt a little too claustrophobic. The lights were dim and weren’t placed on the ceiling; instead they were on the high corners of the walls so that it looked like black and white Christmas lights making it easier to hide from anyone’s view.
So far, no one else sensed our presence. We went farther in, following the blueprint I captured with the iPad. Soon enough we reached an underground cell that was like a large jailhouse stadium that had three floors. Instead of iron bars, there were metal doors and a wide one-way mirror window so the five guards patrolling could monitor their prisoners.
We decided to evade the guards and go down deeper to the nearest staircase. We reached a hall that had metal doors blocking the next one. It was fairly narrow that we had to fall in by twos; I walked along the middle. Constantly, I checked the security; soon my iPad had several frames in its screen showing where my men and the enemies were. 
So far, there was little to no engagement in battle with our platoon having the most kills. I cringed disappointedly with that thought. The others were assigned to observe the rest of the building and to gather as much as they could before we all reached our rendezvous point fifteen minutes later.
When we got down to one hall, a guard open fired, consuming our three minutes. We were getting closer. It was a setback that was easily controlled before mayhem was given a chance to happen. Prior to entering the next hall, we already killed four guards that cost us another two minutes. A narrow metal door greeted us in the final hall, I quickly diffused all trip wires as my men filed in, they implanted an implosive vacuum bomb in each corner, a bulky strobe-like object that could do more damage than it looked. 
That was when things got messy. The moment it went off, a siren began wailing. I knew it was too good to be true, but after getting this far, I was actually beginning to believe that my plans was going very well. Out of the dust and smoke that accumulated, it was instantaneously sucked back into the bombs we placed on the four corners of its pane before the door collapsed outwards. The huge metal door moaned and groaned before the hall reverberated at the force when it fell to the ground.
What was left of it was a rectangular hole that revealed of a mental patient’s eerie white room with Ethan and Robyn standing hand in hand. I grinned at them as widely as I possibly could to match theirs. Everything around us was blinking red and clearly everything was going to be a mess.
“Ready to kick some ass on your way out?” I offered my hand as I sauntered as cockily as I could towards the doorway.
“Fuck yeah,” chuckled Ethan patting me on my shoulder as he walked passed me. 
“Am I still an idiot?” I teasingly asked Robyn as I helped her step out. She shook her head and laughed, taking my hand as I helped her out. My men were offering them guns when I noticed something off, with a manic grin I couldn’t help but ask, “I see you guys wearing nothing but a flimsy dress, did things get freaky inside?”
“Just shut up and let’s get out of here before they get us,” I could see Ethan trying his best not to smile while Robyn was blushing redder than Santa’s cheeks. Raising a brow seemed to have gotten her attention because, quickly she retorted.
“Nothing happened you maniac!” She hissed, snatching my iPad—oh wait, that’s right, it was hers, my bad. “What’s this?”
“Oh, a map of the place,” I quickly explained. I ushered them out into the confusingly loud hall now that they were armed, “it shows where my men and the enemies are,”
“Is that a count down?” asked Ethan, peering right between our shoulders as he pointed at the analog clock on the upper right corner of the screen.
“It sure is,” I said, jogging up the stairs along with everyone.
“Is that fifteen minutes or fifteen seconds?” Robyn asked next.
“What?” quickly I grabbed the iPad from her and checked the time myself. My blood drained from my face and I could feel it draining out of my body, that alone was the answer I never wanted to accept, I quickly switched apps and scanned all my men in the screen, it had four windows with five men each, all with their faces displayed and under their name was a green bar that was close to emptiness, “Shit,” I breathed.
“What’s wrong?” Robyn asked, trying to catch up with me to get some news.
“Guys, you still good?” I hollered to my men. It wasn’t really helping since we were still running up the stairs. I could feel the bile rise in my throat from fatigue, and every step was demanding an effort out of me I could no longer provide for my body. My muscles were cramping and my lungs were searing in pain, I could feel my heart viciously knocking against my chest and pulse through my body. The massive exertion I threw into all of our bodies was making my head fuzzy. Please just let it be me. I hope I was the only one going through this.
When we reached a landing, I hobbled towards a wall and leaned against it, trying to catch my breath. It was almost so comical to see my five men bending over trying to catch theirs too that I swear if we weren’t in the middle of all this, I’d be laughing right now.
“Boss, I think we’re out of juice,” one muttered behind me.
This was definitely not something to be laughing about. How were my other men? I checked my map again, “Shit,” I ran a hand through my hair. In each of their areas there were clumped blue dots (us) being surrounded by red dots (them).
“What’s happening to you guys?” Ethan stopped in his tracks just as he was about to peer over the hall several feet away from us that led back to the large prison we saw earlier. Robyn was right behind him, also sharing the look on his face. Being the impatient bastard that he was, he furiously gestured us to get over there. 
My men were all looking at me, waiting for an order, but I kept my gaze straight ahead, just right beyond where Ethan stood. There was a beautiful redhead wearing black leather tights, she had an adorable set of glasses propping against her perky nose, her vibrant red lips just made me want to… what the hell?
She was clapping her hands dramatically, catching everyone’s attention as she feigned an applaud, “Bravo,” she sneered, “bravo, I couldn’t believe you were just right under my nose when you guys decided to put on a show. You all were pretty sneaky,”
Ethan quickly turned and aimed his gun right at her face. She remained unfazed, crossing her arms smoothly across her chest as she eyed him from head to toe before shaking his head. She passed by Robyn, lightly tracing the blonde’s chin with a finger that made Robyn flinch. The woman chuckled, keeping her eyes steady on mine before sauntering with her high-heeled boots that echoed down the hall.
Shit. She was heading our way… correction: she was heading my way.
With all our NIES pushed beyond their limits and our back up ambushed, I can’t believe my tactics failed me. I can’t believe I failed at something I was so good at! For all I know, this could be the last day of my life.
At least I get to do so many naughty things to this sexy badass in my head before I die. Lame, I know, but it was better than nothing. Did I mention how much cleavage she was showing by the way? Damn, she’s fine.
“Nice meeting you again, Portley,” she smiled dangerously at me now that she was standing just a few feet away, “since we’re all here together, why don’t you tell them what really happened? I hate it when people lie about the truth”
“What is she talking about, Ares?” my brother asked quietly, still keeping a steady aim right at her. 
“There’s nothing to hide anymore,” she added gesturing at Robyn with the gun she drew out from her belt, “even the girl knows everything.”
My stomach flipped a three-sixty degree. I opened my mouth to quickly retort, but then I shut it again. How could she tell them? Don’t get too shocked if I told you that I know this woman, I might even admit that we had something going on back then. But that’s a different story, and she was different then.
Now, she was some lying back stabbing… I can’t even hate her! I hate hating her! What’s wrong with me? Oh no, now that she said that its too late to react like this. It already happened, I can’t even look at the two anymore. No I was not that much of a bad guy that she’d like everyone to think, but everyone had their reasons.
“You guys started it!” childishly blurting out those words made me mentally slap myself. What the fuck did I just say? “Don’t you dare raise a brow at me, you know it!”
Whenever she did that, I end up feeling so unsure of myself, so vulnerable and so stupid! Like I said earlier, it’s too late now. I had reasons to do what I did, and I swear I only did it because they started it. I glanced at my brother and it pained me to see that broken look on his face, he looked like I just punched him from crying out loud!
I better start talking before she adds more lies to the story. Oh boy, where do I start?

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
 
Ares POV

"The hot summer sun beat unforgivingly against any skin I exposed. I suppose it would only seem natural since I didn't put on any sunscreen, but thank goodness I was wearing a leather jacket. Standing somewhere at the docks, seagulls squawked overhead while the stench of fish harassed my nose until it got used to it. I might even smell like fish in the end! Not cool.

Sitting on the edge of some plastic crates to be shipped off somewhere, I was standing in the middle of an area that wasn't as populated as the rest. To be honest, I wasn't even so sure about this meeting that I had to bring a few guns with me. I was at the brink of my anxiety that I swore I was sweating like a pig under all these clothes.

Unsettled, I constantly glanced at my watch. I was only given a fifteen minute break as an excuse to venture this far from the lab; I knew I should have gone at lunch time, but there would just be too many people asking too many questions.

Readjusting my aviator shades, I took a quick glance to my right out of instinct and instantly, I tensed. I knew I shouldn't but I did and I bet it was so obvious when I quickly stood straight off from where I sat.

"At ease soldier," said a big strong man who had graying cropped hair and a matching cropped mustache. He was wearing a green military uniform overtly decorated by some Boy Scout badges on parts of his chest. Geez, so much for going incognito. "I came alone to negotiate with you,"

"You sent me the message?" I asked, failing to hide the incredulousness from my voice.

"I mean you no harm but only to request for simple collaboration only for this time," he raised his hands, "your general doesn't seem too open about it, so I decided to directly approach you,"

This alarmed me. The general will accept nothing from this man, it only made sense. Throughout the years, our institution stood proud because our innovative works and this wretched organization only did nothing more but steal from us or destroy our branches whenever we try to expand our resources. These bastards always made me sick.

"What makes you think I'll agree to this?" I challenged, trying my best to stay calm and indiscriminate even if it pained me to do so.

"I have an agent out for his last mission before he's fully required to graduate from our curriculum, we just want you to give him a hard time," he smiled humorously, "I know you want some revenge, right?"

Entirely confused by this man's sadism, I cocked a brow, letting all that be my wordless response.

"His mock mission is to retrieve the Rubrix from you, just give him a hard time that will test every aspect of his bio physical demands,"

"What do I get in return?" I asked, surely I won't let this come off as an easy price.

The general relaxed to a smile, "I knew you'd be wondering, my offer would be sharing a piece of our knowledge in regards to our latest project,"

"Now why would you want to do that?" I chuckled, shaking my head as I hooked both thumbs in each pocket.

"To prove that after this mission, I will declare peace between our organizations. I just want to share that what we've got is what we're satisfied with. So no more invasions, no more borrows, just peace between our two organizations," he confidently sauntered towards me with an outstretched hand for me to shake.

Reluctantly, I did. We wordlessly ended the meeting in the docks as I revved away from that stanky place with my Harley. To be honest, I was panicking but I wasn't sure why.

ERA wanted peace. The dispute between our organizations will finally be put to a stop and everything will turn out fine in the end after this harmless mission!

But I still can't entirely trust these guys. This seemed a little too easy and peaceful, it was always better to create a Plan B just in case things backfire. I was at a stoplight then, to my right was a coffee shop and what instantly caught my eye was a gorgeous blonde babe sitting alone in the corner by the window.

She might just be what I needed.

*

"Sir, I've received information from my sources that ERA is planning to extract our project," I reported.

There I stood in the middle of a vast office with the logo of our institution imprinted on the marble floor. This was once a white room as well like the rest of the building's theme, the General didn't feel too comfortable about it though so we had it done until it resembled the President's Office.

"How many hours before this happens?" he asked, continuously gazing through the vast window behind his desk. He leaned against its pane and glanced briefly at me.

He also had graying hair and very much resembled the build of the ERA's Colonel. My conscience began haunting me, was I really going to do this? Play the double agent in this company? This guy right here is even my step father and there I was telling him all the lies the enemy wanted me to feed him with.

"Ares, son, is everything fine?" he asked gently this time, like a father would his son. He could tell something was off and my whole chest was just screaming out for him to try and figure it out and if he ever did...my heart sank a little, would he even forgive me?

"Yeah, everything's cool," I felt my face flush in cold sweat, "I just can't believe that my project, the one everyone laughed at, is now something everyone's after. Ironic isn't it?" I let out a little chuckle.

I could mentally stab myself to death right now. But this was just all in for the sake of the peace afterwards. So why was still against it? Why was I still trying to think of a back up plan?

I really couldn't believe all this is happening, it felt like standing in the middle of a rickety bridge that was going to fall off any moments and I had to chose which piece of land I should jump in.

Time was flying too quickly, clearing my throat, "Sir, they arrive in less than eight hours, sir"

Watching the horror fill his face made me uncomfortable standing there alone. He nodded at me before reaching for the phone and began barking orders and summoning his men, after hanging up, he began striding restlessly across his office.

"Um," I began nervously before awkwardly finding my place in the office. Soon enough the people he ordered to come would be filling this place.

"No, son, you stay here," he said firmly, "let the others do this,"

This wasn't going as planned.

"Sir, at least let's use this opportunity to snag us an experiment for my project," I blabbered, they couldn't kill the guy ERA was sending off, it might only cause bigger problems.

Halting in his tracks to ponder for a moment, he sighed, nodding impatiently.

"Then let me do the briefing, sir," I offered again. This time, he must bite the bait. I watched my father narrow his eyes at me, piercing through my very soul.

"I kind of already planned things out before hand," I blabbered in an almost panicking way, "I knew that they might burst through the confines of this institution, so what I did was reposition the Rubrix into a trapped place and if we just placed the men accordingly--"

"You took the Rubrix out?" He restated. Well, now that he said it like that, it sounded like a problem to me.

"Why would you do something like that?" his voice didn't rise, but I could hear him straining to keep a calm composure. That vein popping out of his temple was only an indicator that I was in so much trouble.

"That's why I must--"

"Who did you entrust it to?" he interrupted me, impatiently resting his hands on his hips, "Which agent did you let out without my permission?"

"Sir, if you please just listen and calm down," I knew if I told him the extra cherry to the top, he going to blow off.

Pinching the bridge of his nose, he sighed heavily and forcefully recomposed himself, "fine, what do you have in mind?"

"I let an unsuspecting civilian carry the Rubrix but--"

"What?!"

I grinned. Oh man, with that face, he's never going to listen to me now.

*

Since my plans backfired, seven hours ago, I only had an hour left to make a miracle out of this sticky situation I got into.

Sitting in a van parked inside the Aerodale University's lot here with Gibbs, I was actually trying to hack into dad's troops' frequency so I can whisper in their ears without dad knowing at all.

Its fool proof! I can already tell by my strong gut-feeling that everything will fall into plan! Besides, what could possibly go wrong?

"Ares, not to burst your bubble here or anything," began the frail redhead to my right, "but why are you so intent to having these guys listen to you?"

"Mhm," I nodded absently, I heard him just fine but I had to play selective deafness for now as I busy myself with letting my fingers dance across my keyboard. Just a few more digital barriers to break and...

"I'm in!" I cheered joyously that I leaped out of my seat and twirled alone in the van. Ignoring the awkward looks Gibbs was giving me. I cleared my throat and returned his awkward look with mine, "what?"

Quickly donning the headset, I spoke into the receiver. "Soldier, do you read me?"

"Affirmative sir," was the majority of the response I got. Now they would only be hearing from me and not from others. That way, they'd think I was directly giving orders to the 'chosen' one.

And thank goodness for that too since almost everyone instantly recognized my voice since I kept getting more and more responses that were like:

"Lieutenant Ares, is that you sir?"

"Lieutenant Ares, what are you doing sir?"

And let's not get my favorite response:

"Sir, not to offend you or anything, but sir, didn't the General request that you stay out of this?"

Well for anyone's information, simply stating that you didn't wish to offend anyone doesn't make you any less of an a-hole. Gathering bits and pieces of what's left of my pride, I quickly interjected every information of my plan into their brains.

"Are we clear, soldier?" I asked, cringing slightly with my fingers crossed. They'd better do this. They had to. I put our organization's ass on the line for crying out loud!

"I just need the agents from ERA alive," I added quickly. And thankfully I got the response I wanted.

"Well?" Gibbs asked, carefully watching me from his seat to my right. His big framed glasses magnified his squinty eyes and don't let me get started with his Afro. I also have no idea how a redhead ended up with an Afro.

"Ares? Why are you smiling like that?" he asked nervously.

"Oh I'm smiling?" I repeated, "I guess its because I thought of a little something that you could do for me,"

"What?" his voice was barely a squeak.

"Bring this," I carefully took out a brown bag from under my seat and handed it to him, "to this girl," I took out my phone and showed him a stolen shot of a blonde babe.

"Is she your lover or something?" He waggled his brows at me.

I chuckled and shook my head, "definitely something, so you in?"

"Aigh't I'm cool with that," he said hopping to his feet and taking off his white coat so that he looked like your average skinny teen with an oversized Afro. He took the bag from me and stepped out of the van.

"Oh wait a minute!" I barely managed to yank him by the collar, "Your hair! You gotta go incognito otherwise we're dead!"

"Oh not the Afro, man," he sulked, but I pouted at him with these big puppy dog eyes long and hard enough until he sighed. I obviously won this round the moment he took out a tiny hair tie and began taming all that wild hair into one sleek pony tail so that all his afro was concentrated at the back of his head. It was pretty funny to look at actually.

I mean getting used to seeing him as a big headed guy made it so hard to get accustomed to seeing how tiny his actual head was. He was absolutely nothing like his former self, which made it perfect for him to go deliver that bag!

"I owe you one Gibbs!" I shameless grinned before he slammed the door shut.

I waited patiently, checking out the screens to monitor any movements. I saw our men thickly garbed in their bulky uniform move so smoothly along corridors as they position themselves, students on the other hand all kept their heads down as they took their exams. Proctors on the other hand were chatting discreetly with each other, reading something or simply fell asleep.

You can almost be easily fooled into thinking that a national licensure exam was actually taking place in the middle of a dangerous filled sprinkled with deadly men in every corner. It was too natural.

I switched further to other screens, seeing nothing beyond normal, at this point I should be convinced enough that this was all going as planned.

"I did the exchange,"

I instantly recoiled at the noise that blasted through my ears. The silence that I grew accustomed to made the volume seem a tad bit higher compared to the feedback earlier.

At one camera point of view, I caught a glimpse of Gibbs walking out of a classroom empty handed. Letting out a huge sigh of relief, I spoke into the mic, "Well done,"

A big fat smile plastered across my face as it slowly consumed me. Now everything is going according to plan, all I need to do now is shut off the Rubrix's signature approach in the institution's radar--

"Sir, is the job complete?"

A lump lodged itself in my throat. The hell? I looked back at my laptop where I broke into each soldier's frequency and began mouthing steady lines of all nasty words known to mankind.

Soon enough the confusion began flooding to my earpiece, I was panicking so much I had to yank it out of my head. I threw the earpiece to the ground and just then something was violently banging the metal door of this van so loudly that it rattled me to the bones.

Oh for fuck's sake. What if the Colonel found out about what I've done to their communication? Oh man am I doomed.

Or I don't have to be. I just have to play it cool and, maybe I should return the radio frequency to normal--maybe I shouldn't, should I?

The banging grows angrier and I could feel a strange foreboding chill erupt from under my skin.

"Just a second!" My voice barely cracks as I stumbled for the door, as I expected an angry colonel with an army of angry soldiers behind him, before me stood a sweating, panting Gibbs with pale face to greet with.

That obviously did not look good.

"What happened?"

"People are dying in there," he told me mutely.

"What?"

"That trick you pulled with each soldier's frequency threw all of them off and people are dying in there!" He repeated with a little more hysteria in his voice, "Damn it Ares, you really did it this time!"

Grabbing my phone from the dashboard, I slid off my coat and stumbled my way out of the van, almost blinding me the instant I stepped into broad daylight.

"Where are you going! You're gonna get yourself killed in there!"

He tried grabbing me like what I did to him earlier but failed miserably. Making a beeline into the institution with panic made me realize the fact that I had no gun with me. I tried talking into my earpiece to try and get to Gibbs but I forgot the fact that I had to throw it in the van out of panic.

Damn, now I'm really doing this alone and unarmed. Okay Ares, basically, you messed you big time and now people are dying! If only they listened to your plan in the first place, no one would have to die.

At this point I had no choice but to choose the lesser evil, that would mean trying to get to the graduating student. That's right, I can work with that.

I began pawing my way in like an idiot, passing dead bodies that once served us. Oh boy, I knew this guy.

"Damn Steve," I gasped, my knees buckled from the shock, this was entirely my fault, "I'm so so sorry man,"

There he lay in a pool of blood with his lifeless eyes fixated into mine. I scrambled back in surprise, oh my god he is so going to haunt me. "Steve, listen man, I didn't mean you any harm this isn't my fault, if you guys just listened--"

"What the hell are you doing?"

Before I could scream in surprise a firm hand wraps over my mouth and I was being dragged into an empty classroom. Oh no, this is how I die!

"Get a grip, man!"

"Mmf?" What I obviously meant to say was 'Gibbs.'

"Look, I don't care what you're planning to do, but just stay alive and don't do nothing stupid," he whispered, my eyes fell to what he had in his hands, two pistols.

Instantly, he handed me one.

"Here, hold this,"

And so I did.

"What are we after?"

"Rubrix," I basically mashed my face into game-face mode, needing to play cool. I needed to stay focused if I wanted things done and stop more future damages.

Thankfully, Gibbs didn't ask any more and followed right behind me. How he learned to move like an elite soldier, I might have to ask him sometime after this. Right now we were moving on instinct as I led the way.

"Why don't you just check where its coordinates are--"

"Killed it,"

"Why?"

I sighed exasperatedly, "long story--"
"Dr. Portley, what are you doing here?" An unfamiliar voice crept to my side I froze over on instinct.

"He'll be here soon enough, you managed to do the exchange?" He was a tall man with Blonde hair cut clean that matched his face well.

I relaxed and looked at Gibbs who gave me a thumbs up. "Affirmative," I said.

"You shouldn't be here," he told me.

"There are some things I need to look into," I quickly said.

"Listen carefully," he held me by the shoulder, "take us in for captives, I have already diffused the bombs in this place. I will knock myself out, hide me in the classroom straight ahead of you. Gould can't head straight yet, ERA will be there and if they meet up, things won't go as planned. There will be a time when Gould will try to kill your men, when you see him do his worst, wait for me to block him. Let me take the blow,"

"What?"

"Just do it, when you get the urge to kill Gould I will jump in the way and you must pull the trigger," he told me firmly.

"Why?" I swallowed, utterly confused.

He shook his head, "sometimes, you would be entrusted to a secret that can be a danger to everyone you love around you. Even if I lie that I know nothing, there is nothing advanced technology can't do. Do we have a deal?"

Wordlessly I nodded.

He winked at me once and pressed some button installed to his vest before he collapsed and spasmed on the floor.

"Holy shit what's happening?"  Gibbs panicked.

"Hurry into that classroom," I ordered, as he helped me drag this big man into the said room, closing the door behind him as he came back for me.

"What the hell did you do?" he hissed, utterly in shock, "is he dead?"

I pressed a finger to my lips and shook my head, gesturing him to hide with me in another vacant classroom. The redhead closed the door behind us and then we peeked through the tiny window and watched a strange man in a floral polo shirt.

Was he lost or something?

"That's the guy we're looking for," I blurted out on instinct, "here's our chance to abduct him. Stay here, no matter what."

Quietly I stepped out of the classroom and tiptoed my way towards him as quietly as I could. When I got close enough, I hit the handle of my gun at the back of his neck in hopes of knocking him out like what Gibbs does.

He collapsed to the ground to my relief, but then something knocked me off the ground. It took me a few seconds to realize that ERA's agent still got the upper hand as he now had a gun pointed right at me.

I raised my hand, daring myself never to look away from his piercing, dark gaze. Breaking out in cold sweat, I have never been in this situation before, heck I was barely out in the field.

This was the guy I was supposed to be giving a hard time. Not the other way around. At least it was good to see he was still alive.

"Door behind you," I told him, ARC's men were out to get this guy and he would need all the help he could get. I watched him slightly waver his hold on the gun. "Another to your left down the hall, three doors down before the last," now that came into a random, but it was good enough to lead him far away from me.

He didn't move one bit. And for a moment, I was beginning to think that this could be the end of it.

"Agent Gould, get the hell out of there now, you barely have three minutes before the Wipe-Out!" Some quiet quiet static resonated near him, it must be an ear piece he was wearing.

"You better hurry," I took this time as an advantage. My voice sounded just as urgent as the one from his earpiece, and soon enough, he turned to run without looking back.

Now that he was gone, it was our turn to follow them and make sure they stayed alive. The further we walked in the building, the darker it got. Not a moment later, a girl screaming nearby caught our attention.

This time, we have both men locked in sight.
The moment I caught a glimpse of two men I stopped dead in my tracks, when the taller one clocked the blonde girl unconscious a cold chill scraped down my spine. Apparently none of them noticed that Gibbs and I were just gobsmacked, watching him do their dangerous deed. My heart sank the moment I realized that they won and capturing her would have meant them finally getting a hold of the Rubrix. I stood there frozen for a moment as my train of thoughts sped faster than what my brain could manage with all this stress. It seemed too real to be a thought out plan, I was beginning to question Craw's loyalty.

"They're getting away!" I hissed frantically right out of panic, a feeble attempt to gather my senses. I could feel blood rush through every fiber of my body it was like watching an actual crime scene and here I am a civilian--no wait.

I'm not a civilian. This all happened because of me. And if I don't do something right now--

The next thing I knew the taller of the two grunted, staggered then fell limp.

What the? Gibbs tore the gun from my hand and I watched him hurl at it with perfect aim right at the smaller one.

"This is Alpha Niner Zero One, I've got--Oof!"

That was the last thing I hear before he, too, fell down. Blinking the disbelief away from my very own eyes, I slowly turned my head to my assistant, my mouth was wide open as I watched him run towards the fallen men.

"Hurry up!" He coaxed as he knelt down to the blonde girl, "she's still alive..." And he goes on about how the Rubrix is working well and blah blah blah.

I honestly just couldn't believe I knocked them down! I wasn't exactly sure if that meant a good thing, well technically it was all Gibbs' fault but professionally speaking, I was still responsible for whatever action he made. Oh well, there seemed to be no other way around this right?"

The moment I ended my story, I honestly didn't know who to look at first. To hell with that, I wanted to melt right then and there and disappear into the ground and be free of all this.

I wasn't exactly sure what reaction I wanted to get out of this story. But it was the truth and sooner or later it was going to come out.

A gun was pressed dangerously against my temple, I was far too distracted to let alone be cowering in fear at the moment. I know I should be since I was cornered to the wall and I'm basically at her mercy.

"I thought we both had an agreement," she said mutely so that only the two of us could hear.

"Oh come on! It's not like I wanted to pull the trigger!" I quickly retort, this was ridiculous.

She was referring to five years ago when she blew me off like some bird shit on her wind shield and decided to wipe it off when she got bored of the eccentric decor. Back then I was head over heels for her, she was out on the field then and we captured her for snooping within our premises.

That was how we met, she barely with us for a week and that was more than enough to have her keep coming back for me. Until of course her side of the schism decided to keep her out and have her be a tech geek. As if that would keep us apart.

And then she was assigned to Craw, who took her place on snooping within our premises. Later that day, she said she wanted to see me and just like that, she called us off.

"You did anyway," I watched tears brim along the corner of her eyes, "I thought I made it clear that you keep your hands off him,"

Clearly he didn't tell her about that little mutual agreement that he and I had. I heard her cock the gun and decided that she deserved to hear it all before I leave this Earth.

"Craw knew," I began. I've never felt so bare in my life, from the way Ethan looked at me down to Robyn's flummoxed gaze. They were all silent for this moment of truth, and I will give them just that.

This was a secret that had been kept from everyone.
 
CHAPTER NINETEEN

Ethan's POV

Revelation and several more of it keeps on coming like rain would from a cloud.

The moment Ares ended his side of the story that led back to that very day, I was honestly disturbed by the thought that his dweebish assistant knocked me out from flinging a gun on my head.

Secondly, I never thought that the Colonel would sign a contract with ARC let alone comprehend the fact that Ares agreed to it, clumsily making a mess out of the operation.

So much for the peace afterwards.

It was actually funny the way things turned for the worse if one should say so. The firm I once served so obediently was now against me, wanted to have my head.

Robyn, Ares, his troops and I were all cornered in the hall by Emily and her troop that was twice more than what we had with us. It didn't take a genius to go figure that we were on the losing end.

"It was almost about a year ago or so when he contacted me," began Ares, Emily had a gun fixated on his head, from this angle it was hard to tell how she was taking all this in.

"He warned me about ERA's on going project that could possibly mean mass destruction for the world, and it was all because of the one living project they had from us. At first I had no idea what he was talking about, so I began doing massive research on what it was that they had,

"He admitted that from the looks of it, ERA might not possibly be able to control it because they were just power-hungry, so I suggested that whatever it was that they had needed to be destroyed, but he told me it was useless and that he could possibly be the key to end what ERA started since it was from him,"

"Michael?" Asked Emily, loosening her grip on the gun "the key to end what ERA started was Michael?"

"Back then I had no idea what he meant, but no it wasn't Michael. The key is actually Ethan,"

"Me?" I sputtered incredulously, "What did I start?"

A slow, solitary applause echoed down the halls. We all looked around but found no one only to recognize the noise coming from the speakers that was probably built in the walls of the building.

"Bravo," spoke a familiar voice, "well done Dr. Portley, I couldn't expect anything less from someone as excellent as you are,"

"Show yourself you coward!" Roared Robyn as she pounded the heavy chrome walls, actually leaving a dent.

I nearly forgot about what they did to her while we were held captives.

"I'm no coward," he answered smoothly, "its just that I have more important places to be in rather than be with you at the moment,"

"Then why bother talking to us?" I hollered.

"To be honest, I can see each and every movement you guys make from my laptop and... I wanted to see you one last time Ethan, my boy, before you go," his voice was clear as it resonated from the high tech speakers as if he was just right here even if he wasn't.

"Fuck you!" I spat, adding a crisp tone in each syllable. There was a moment of thoughtful silence before he spoke again.

"It was never my intention to create some bond between us, that way I could spare you from any more damage than what the firm intended to do with you,"

Beyond loss for words, I decided to wait for more explanations out of him as I debated whether or not to feel sympathy for the man.

"You were just extracted from the competitor to device a project that could surpass them, all your training was actually just tests to measure what you were capable of and boy was it hard to make a replica of you before we could actually start designing ours," he chuckled after, and I could imagine him shaking his head.

"Why?" I asked, simply not understanding the need to compete and why he had to make me feel like he cared for me when in the end, this was all he ever planned. A baleful feeling gnawed its way to the pit of my guts as hearing all these straight from the man himself didn’t make things any better on my end.

"Because I'm tired of being the leader of guinea pigs.”
 
I scoffed incredulously and shook my head. This man had no heart and from here, I can already see how his priorities were set. All those years he spent time with me did not deserve an ounce of my sentiment.
 
“This firm is full of gifted people and we don't need those snooty scientists running their experiments on us, we can make our own. We don't need ARC anymore, and I can show just that to the President once he sees what ERA is capable of. For once in my life, I will no longer come in second! With Gould out of the way I will finally be the best!"

"Whatever happened to the peace you promised?" Ares hollered desperately.

"Oh that's too late right after you decided to abduct Ethan, remember? You broke the deal--"

"It was an accident--"

The Colonel didn't speak anymore but just laughed heartily, "for a respectable prodigy, it was foolish of you to destroy the trust of a forming truce. I almost forgot, this was the actual reason why I called in, Commence Black Bird Trial, good luck boys!"

"What?" I furrowed my brows the moment he uttered random commands.

"Ethan stay back!" Ares hollered, as I looked over to him past the enemy soldiers who I nearly forgot about, Robyn instantly came into my view, actually, she was more of charging right at me. Barely given a nanosecond to dodge a blow, I quickly retaliated by kicking her back.

"Robyn, what are you doing?" I hissed, dodging more and more of her punches and kicks rather than intending to hurt her. In a fraction of a second her fist almost connected to my jaw had I not caught it with one hand, she tried to hit me again, and I caught it.

"Robyn, cut it out!" My thoughts were racing faster than what I could manage as I tried to remember what her reason could be for lashing out on me. "Didn't we already settle this back in the White room--"

And then it hit me. This must be what she talking about back then, why she nearly lost her sanity because they injected the bots in her too. Holy fuck, it all made perfect sense now, why else would she have been mentally unstable, that was because those bots are trying to latch onto her brain, douse anything that granted her personality basically taking hold of her and control her like an actual Robot!

I threw her back and somersaulted away from her as she came charging towards me with renewed vigor.

"Ares!"

"Can't you see I'm a little busy myself?" I heard him call back, merely getting a glimpse of him fending himself from Emily in the midst of a messy brawl between his and her soldiers.

"I repeat!" I heard Emily say, "do not open fire!"

"ERA's finished product is in Robyn!" I managed to yell out before the woman actually landed a kick at my chest, I stumbled back from the massive force she packed. Damn! I felt like I've been kicked by a horse.

Down on my back, I gasp for air that was knocked out from lungs while she began sauntering towards me with a pointed gun. I looked right at her and memorized her every feature she had, from her softly angled face, her adorable perky nose that twitched when she talked, her tiny plump lips that could stretch to a beautiful smile and her big blue eyes that I could look at all day, which was now brimming up with tears.
 
She had me at her mercy, whether she seemed to like it or not. Her eyes told me everything from how much she was trying to resist what her body was doing, to how she silently begged for me to run. I knew I could, but at the same time, I didn’t understand why I wasn’t thinking on running.
 
Instead, I sat there on the floor immobile as my train of thoughts took a trip down memory lane back to those days where Robyn was once that annoying Banshee who couldn’t even fire a gun. She was never this brutal, nor was she strong, instead she was this useless girl who couldn’t even lift her own weight when a blood bath begins. It was almost too funny to think about that seeing what ERA had done to her now pained me watching her take a triumphant stand a few feet away from me.
 
My back was pressed again the metal wall, and there she was cocking the gun with a crisp click.
 
“Robyn, get a hold of yourself!” I desperately tried to reach out to her. Chances of that working was just as good as expecting rain from the dry season.

"I need fucking tasers!"

The moment I heard that, the dangerously blonde who was about to pull the trigger collapsed wordlessly to the floor, convulsing slightly before laying limp.

"Ethan, are you okay?" Ares quickly came to my side, pulling me up to my feet as I nodded curtly. I couldn’t believe I was seconds away from being a goner, I could have taken her on if I wanted to. I was trained to kill, not sit helpless on the floor. Shit. What is wrong with me?
 
The surge of raw power coursed through my veins. It was useless now, and it was so frustrating because she had me right there and I just… I just…
 
BAM!
 
Instant silence reigned in the cacophony of soldiers chatting away with each other. I quickly ignored them, paced uneasily for a bit and then punted the wall with my foot. It wasn’t enough though; I wanted to lash out some more.
 
“Dude, what’s wrong?” Ares asked, he was standing five feet away from me looking pretty cautious with that stun gun he was holding.
 
“What’s wrong?” I repeated, at this point I was so frustrated I no longer knew if I should laugh or scream. What was wrong with me? I took in a deep breath, closed my eyes and held in that air.
 
“Don’t worry, bro,” Ares said mutely, placing a hand on my shoulder. “We’ll… fix her up real good.”
 
I sighed, falling limp against the wall. Somehow, his words of reassurance comforted me in ways as if a thorn has been plucked out from my skin.

"Dangerous isn't she?" Remarked Emily as she approached us, out of instinct I snatched the gun Ares was holding and aimed right at her but before I could pull the trigger Ares kneed me on the stomach and I doubled over in surprise from the blow he packed.

"Easy there bro, she's with us now,"

"Coulda just said so," coughing, I struggled to stay on my feet. "Why the sudden change of heart? Thought you hated me and shit"

She rolled her eyes, "I hate Marduk more than I hate you, so don't be too full of yourself. I'm only sticking around to try and understand what Craw is trying to tell me,"

I didn't linger too long into her mawkishness, instead I walked over to Robyn and knelt down before I began checking her pulse and did a quick scan on each of her eyes. My hands lingered on her even when I was done with my quick assessment. The simplicity of holding her like this made me feel a little better and the longer I looked at her, the thought of hugging her right now was tempting.

"She won't stay down forever," mused Emily, folding her arms across her chest before regrouping her men. I got to my feet a little too quickly, I just hoped no one noticed.

"She's right bro, what do you plan, it's a little too late--"

"No, ERA simply stole your technology," I reminded him, "now we steal theirs,"



We were all back in one of ARC's makeshift shed turned corporate building. With Emily temporarily siding with us along with her troops, we managed to waltz out of the building unscathed. I questioned about the building's security cameras and she simply told me not to worry about it.

Before me was a sedated Robyn sleeping on a narrow gurney, once again garbed in white and decorated listlessly with other medical contraptions connected to one flat screen TV that hung on a white wall. The only thing about her that moved was the steady rise and fall of her chest.

"It was a pretty good thing we managed to take hold of her before they did," Ares muttered as he stepped in the room. "Whoa, dude, you seriously need some sleep,"

He chuckled as he made his way towards her and scribbled away in his chart. Taking out a syringe and two sealed test tubes he took her arm and did a few more inspections before he took some blood samples.

"That's the third time you--"

"I know," he interrupted as he pocketed the samples.

"Do you need another from me too?" I offered my left arm, he simply shook his head and waltzed to the big monitor next to her. "How's she doing?"

Ares swiped the monitor as it revealed more data, graphs and numbers that even I would love to try and understand. "Right now, we're just trying to find a way to hack into the nanobots' matrix, we tried antidotes and sucking out these bots is obviously not an option."

"So why not hack into--"

"Its not as easy as it sounds, hacking into a system never was easy. If I get three consecutive failed attempts I honestly have no idea what would happen to her," he sighed.

"Passwords?"

"Obviously."

"How many?"

"One or two, but first we need to find out who created this, gather some research on this,"

"We need to steal their research?" My question came out more as a statement.

"The hardware isn't enough, whenever we try to manually incise the bots and get into its software it self destructs, it's actually pure genius!" Ares sighed, and stopped writing down in his chart.

"Is there any easier way to this?" I asked after a moment of silence.

"I'm not in for alternatives bro," he headed for the door, placing a hand on my shoulder, "I know how much she means to you,"

With that, he left me alone.

For once in my life, I didn't enjoy the solitude because that alone granted me many thoughts to ponder on. Specifically on Ares' parting words. Obviously the easier way out of this would be simply ending Robyn's life. I vigorously shook my head and began pacing to try and walk off that preposterous idea.

Then I stopped. Why would I even bother sparing her life? Was it because I kissed her back in the white room? I chaffed my face as if it could help scrub my thoughts away.

"You okay?" A female voice resonated in the room from hidden speakers startling me for a bit.

"Yeah," I said as convincingly as I could.

"Want some coffee?" Asked Emily.

"Nah I'm good,"

"Come on," she repeated while the door swung open. There she stood with a hand on the knob looking rather bored, "let's go get some coffee,"

"Seriously Em," I began, not really in the mood for coffee or company.

"Coffee. Now." She grounded out and slammed the door closed. Rolling my eyes, I went after her.

The nearest café was a good twenty-minute drive away from ARC's temporary base (if you had a crazy driver to take you there, that is). Though small and quaint it seemed to be popular among the people in the area as they fell into a line that stretched past the store's front door.

Emily and I sat down in a dark corner of the tiny store; she was nonchalantly taking frequent sips from her coffee in front of me while I was lazily stirring mine. The aroma of different brews tainted this place so strongly I was bound to smell like coffee when we leave.

"So why did you drag me all the way here for tea time?" I couldn't help but ask. The sooner we deal with whatever reason she had to bring me out here, the better.

"This is coffee time, love," she smiled brightly at me.

Fighting back the urge to shudder from her porcelain smile, my thoughts began to wander about the conversation she had with Ares when we were almost held captive. I can't exactly say I trust this woman any more ever since Craw died...

Maybe she snapped and lost it and became this pile of emotional Bipolar mess. I wouldn't blame her. Craw was an awesome guy I give you that. He was that one guy who sat in my room the whole night when I told him I couldn't sleep because of the nightmares when I was a little kid. Well anyway, I shouldn't be thinking of all this.

Instead, what piqued my interest was how was she linked to Ares? I couldn't help but listen in to their conversation and by the sound of it they had something going on back then. My brother, who was about two years younger than I am had a possible affair with this lady whom I looked up to as my mother.

And then it hit me. How old is this woman? If Craw mentioned her being five years younger than he was that would make her twenty five at the moment. And if my brother was two years younger than me, wouldn't that make an awkward seven year age gap between the two?

"I never knew he was into older women?" I muttered the realization under my breath right before Emily was about to say something.

"I beg your pardon?"

"Nothing," It was at that moment I decided how delicious my coffee was and took a long swig from my mug, avoiding eye contact,  "this is real good stuff."

"It wasn't the reason why I ended it with your brother," she calmly set her coffee on the table. I have never felt so awkward in my life the moment she said those words. Incest was the word that began haunting me ever since I decided to put two and two together.

"You don't have to--"

"I just want to clear things out," she cut me off, "that was my final mission before I graduated from the academy, I just needed to gather whatever information I could from ARC that was significant to ERA, at that time I discovered about the creation of Rubrix and from how I saw things, the only way I could know more about the technology was through the inventor,"

"By playing my brother?" I couldn't help but shake my head in dismay. To think I once looked up to her as well, I loved her in a motherly way because she and Craw were like bread and butter, together they were my foster parents. But now, thinking of how my mother figure was dating my brother?

I shuddered.

"I didn't know Craw back then okay?"

"But you knew about me?"

"You're getting out of topic--"

"I'm sorry," I raised both hands in surrender, "as you were saying?"

She sighed, relaxing just a bit but the unease remained obvious in her troubled face. She was in a perfectly messed up situation. "Everything seemed to fall in place that day, and every turn and decisions I made went smoothly, I ended up killing his new intern and played assistant long enough to download the information on Rubrix,"

"Did you actually get to hold it, back then?" I asked.

"I wasn't given that much privilege as an 'intern'" she air-quoted, "but I also helped throw in some ideas, which explains why he managed to make a breakthrough with manipulating strength and such, he was brilliant,"

She sadly smiled then shook her head with a sigh. I gave her this moment of silence as I took interest in my caffeinated drink, to be honest, I wanted to know how... How... I don't know. How they were together? How did they get along? How were they able to find time to... Like each other maybe?

"It wasn't long before ERA tried to retrieve me after losing contact with them for a while, that was the first time I met Craw it was funny because at first I was trying to defend the Rubrix--"

"Was Ares around?"

"No, but I just felt like it wasn't time to get it yet,"

"Why not?"

"Because it would have been better to get it when it's fully polished, love. Less work for us," she shrugged, "I told him that and he said I needed to get back, I debated to stay longer,"

Her sentence died down as a sense of discombobulation tainted her practiced composure. It was more than enough to conclude that she had already fallen for my brother and ARC.

"But eventually, you left," I ended her sentence before finishing my drink.

She chuckled bitterly, "I was promoted but ERA decided to keep me off the field, assigned to Craw, ironically enough"

I nodded, remembering those days when Craw would come back to me for training with a scowl on his face complaining about this annoying 'bitch' as he endearingly described her.

"Must have been fun," I raised my brows.

"I was horrible," she smiled widely, then sighed as if remembering those early days with her late husband. She masked her pain well as tears remained locked up in her eyes, not a trace of grief could be found. I was pretty impressed.

"Which then leads me to the reason why I'm talking to you now. While I was serving the Colonel a few days ago," she stood from her seat and cocked her head to the door, a silent suggestion that we go.

"So tell me," she began. "What do you think of Robyn?"

"You hate her. Why are you asking me this?"

She shrugged, "I don't hate her, I just needed to be so I was believable to work with. Honestly, Marduk was pretty skeptic to work with me, but eventually after that little act I was given access to confidential matters,"

She took out two sunglasses, the big bug-eyed one was for herself and the brown-tinted aviators were for mine to wear. I held them and looked at her questioningly.

"Wear them, love," she said, and so I did, instantly a matrix of codes began washing down my peripheral vision.

"What is this?"

"That is what I'm trying to decode," She smiled.

This time, I liked the way she was smiling.

CHAPTER TWENTY
Ares' POV
I have never been more worried in my life.
This was nothing compared to the last prank I pulled on General Portley by pretending I was kidnapped, or that one time I pressed the emergency button.
This kind of worry was way over my league.

I was working on a time bomb and any moment there was a chance she would go off. Yes, I’m partly guessing that you’re thinking I’m having lady problems with their PMS thing, but if it were only that simple, then I swear to you, I wouldn’t be sweating as much as I was now.

Dropping a few blood samples into a petri dish, I popped it under the microscope and began turning knobs until the nanobots came into view. There they were, black spider-like specs clamping each tiny leg into a blood-cell that reminded me of a tick. Like a parasite that they were, they needed to be rid of.

At this point, I mixed in Ethan's blood programming his nanobots to destroy the ones that were in Robyn's like an antibody would a bacterium. At first Ethan's bots charged towards Robyn's, a few died in success but since her bots were stuck to blood cells, the cells died along with the robot, hemolysing into a fluid mess.

I lost count doing this. It must have been the tenth trial or eleventh, I wouldn't know. I would program and reprogram Ethan's bots to destroy Robyn's and then later on I would try to hack into the enemy software but would hesitate again before resorting to reprogramming Ethan's bots.

Raking my nails into my scalp, I rose from my stool and chaffed my face as if that as if trying to make a clean slate for my thoughts. I paced around the spacious lab and took several deep breaths to cool down. I cannot afford to hyperventilate and pass out at a time like this.

I'm going name Ethan's bots E-bots and Robyn's R-bots. The first attempt was introducing the E-bots into her system just to see what would happen, and that would be nothing. It just frolicked about, totally ignoring it, which concluded that it did not consider the R-bots as a threat.

The second trial involved manually controlling the E-bots to move in to the R-bots, I discovered resistance, which probably had something to do with their polarity. Therefore concluding why the E-bots ignored them in the first place.

I became a little more aggressive along the way after as I observed results that ranged from a robot-ish phagocytic action to cells hemolysing from the trauma the E-bots caused.

Then it hit me.

Grabbing a nearby syringe and a tourniquet, I rolled my sleeves and tied the rubber tightly above my elbow. I sat myself down on a stool and carefully drew blood off my arm. The moment I removed the syringe, I didn't bother applying pressure and all that hospital protocol stuff, my clotting time was exceptional, and I figured it was because of the same bots running through my veins.

When all this is over, I'm considering running a few tests on myself. Officially. That one trial I bargained with a few days back in the recent rescue mission was just a presumptive action. Drawing blood samples would legitimately seal the deal.

"How's it going?"

I started, nearly dropping the syringe as Gibbs walked in with a bag of food in one hand and his chart in the other. He was flashing me this grin and gestured for me to eat.

Rolling my eyes, I turned to grab a new petri dish and dropped a spec of Robyn's blood sample into it. Positioning the dish under a microscope I observed the gradual introduction of my blood, this was the moment of revelation I was looking forward to--
"You should seriously take a break man, you've been at it for almost twenty hours straight," remarked Gibbs as I hear rumpling of paper in the background.

My brows furrowed at what I was seeing. I had been pushing the plunger further and further, waiting for a glimpse of my bots. Where were they? Maybe Ethan had more compared to what I had, after all I had a much smaller body than he did when we were given these.

"Ares, you're contaminating your field!" Gibbs firmly grabbed my arm that had been injecting into the petri dish. He didn't pull my hand away but it was enough for me to snap out of it. He was right, considering how the petri dish was over flowing with my blood and some had already stuck to the end part of the microscope's lens.

"Jesus, chill out man," the afro teen looked at me as if I was some freak show who could turn my head a three sixty degree and still live. He dropped his things on the table and began cleaning up for me.

"Here," He put a wrapped burger in my hand, "eat." He commanded.

Rising from my stool, I wolfed down on my burger and searched for another set of syringes. Maybe if I drew enough blood, I can get a nanobot out of me. There was no other reason to explain why I just had the same supernatural abilities like what Ethan had. Plus, after testing the Rubrix on myself back in our mission to rescue them, I was a hundred percent sure I had it in me.

I have superior clotting time, good stamina, maybe I didn't have the same excellent vision Ethan had so I do need my glasses--but who cares, right? Tying another tourniquet on my right arm, I prepared the next syringe.

As I was about to prick the needle through my skin, Gibbs yanked the syringe from me.

"What the hell are you doing?" I roared in exasperation.

"What the hell are YOU doing?" He articulated raising the syringe he took from me.

"I need to save her! I need to remove those things from her! And you're keeping me--"

"Safe," he cut me off, "this isn't the answer Ares, draining yourself from blood--"

"I'm not! I'm trying to extract a bot from my system so I can run some tests that can save Robyn!"

"Ares, look, we all know you like her--"

"Jesus Gibbs, I'm doing this for my brother!" I yelled trying to snatch the syringe from him. "I can sue whoever claimed that, that’s libel! Or was it Slander… whatever! Give me that syringe right now or so help me I swear I will fire you!"

There was an eerie pause that matched our stare down. I breathing so heavily, hearing myself so angry actually scared me as much as it probably did this poor guy in front of me. I groaned and slapped the sides of my temples in distress, before I breathed out my apology.

"At least tell me what you plan to do," I could barely hear him speak.

"I'm trying to remove the bots from her body--"

"Why?"

I raised my hands dramatically in front of him, as if saying Hello? "Didn't you see what happened back in ERA? The enemy can control her and she follows without complain like a robot! I don't want that. Unless I manage to crack into these bots system, she's a threat to all of us..."

"Why not eliminate the threat?" Gibbs asked quietly, as if bracing himself for a blow.

I sighed, shaking my head, "if only it were that easy, but I promised she'd be safe,"

A thoughtful pause came and went before the redhead helped roll my sleeve on my right until the tourniquet came into view. A silent agreement passed between the two of us. He was my assistant and we were good friends, this was just another speed bump that tested our camaraderie.

Just as Gibbs drew out 10mL out of me, another redhead walked in the lab.

"You should, by now, realize that's useless," she sauntered towards my work area fashioning a white robe on top of her combat outfit, in her hands was a large brown envelope. She winked at me and looked into my microscope.

"If you'll excuse us," I told Gibbs who gave me a mischievous look as he exited, humming a happy tune I wasn't familiar with until he left the lab. The silence that followed abruptly was so sudden, I found myself thinking a little too hard to try and start a conversation.

"You've made quite a mess," she remarked, turning a knob. Apparently, Gibbs forgot to clean the lens of the microscope, so Emily had to do that bit.

I was in too much of a shock to move, talk or actually breathe; the wave of nostalgia was actually so powerful I never realized how much I missed... This.

Regaining my composure, I cleared my throat. After what happened some good years ago, I didn't know where to go from there. The last time she was assisting me in the lab she disappeared, leaving nothing more but a pile of mess for me to clean up. Maybe we didn't imprison her, maybe I did figure out she wasn't my intern, but at that time she seemed so trustworthy and I swear we had a nice thing going that it didn't matter to me anymore.

I sent out a search team then, only to learn that she was the enemy who had been working for me. I've never felt even more betrayed after that day. It was funny, because apparently, that bit did matter.

"It's been a while," I couldn't help but smile, "Dr. Finiakis," I air-quoted.

Though I couldn't see her face, I could tell she was smiling. That was the name of my original Intern who she portrayed to be. She pulled away from the microscope and leaned on the table, crossing her legs nonchalantly as she propped her elbows on the edge of the table.

She always did that whenever she got bored of what she was doing in the lab.

"You should know by now that isn't my name," she was smiling playfully then.

Had it not been her hand, sliding down from my chest to my belt, I wouldn’t have noticed how dangerously narrow the proximity was between her and me. I shuddered at her touch before I could suppress that.

"You're still such a tease," The words came out a little too fast for me to realize that I said that out aloud.

She giggled seductively.

"Shouldn't you be grieving, rather than flirting?" Another set of words that came out too fast from me to stop.

Her smile faded away and made room for a soft, forlorn sigh. How I wished I were thinking more than I was talking on instinct. My chances of flirting some more with her was becoming more and more impossible by the second.

"Drawing blood from yourself in hopes of getting a bot is useless," she said smoothly avoiding eye contact.

I was taken aback. How would she know? Apparently I was just in the process of figuring that out myself.

"Impossible, I know I have one," I blurted, "look," I broke a test tube and used the shard to slice a jagged line down my palm. An itchy sensation instantly washed over my wound and soon enough the thick oozing blood was hardened into a scab in a little over a minute.

"See?" I held it out to her, "I always knew there was something special about me,"

"There may be something special about you, but it's not running through your system," she handed me the brown envelope.

The look in her eyes was more of a comforting one as if she was hushing a crying child who lost his mommy. In this case, I was the lost child, but I wasn't looking for my mommy (Good Lord), I was looking for a reason why I was like this… and partly because I was disappointed to hear this.

Taking the envelope from her hands, I took out a MRI result that should belong to a child judging by the size of it. It had several slices of the brain to show different sections in separate sheets. I wasn't a Neurologist and all I was familiar with was the Cerebrum, Cerebellum and the so-called brain stem.

Everything looked in order, but there was something off. Wedged right in the middle of the brain parts I mentioned earlier was a thumb-sized tumor-like thing.

"When was this taken and who is this? Why are you showing me this?" I scanned each shot in different angles that ranged from a posterior shot to a mid-section view as if I was missing something vital to this image.

"That was taken fifteen years ago," she began after looking dead into my eyes, searching for something I wasn't sure of.

"An MRI result to monitor where set Alpha and set Beta went," she continued, "set Alpha was a nanobot designed to specifically control just the brain and improve the biological status by injecting an adrenaline-like impulse. Unlike its counterpart, set Beta is massively produced and injected throughout each system of the body, aiding cellular structures as it takes on the role of a cell's brain. This explains how you managed to share your brother's ability to regenerate fast and such,"

"Alpha is just one big nanobot, while Beta is great in numbers. You and your brother were made unique in your own ways. It was ERA's mistake to take your brother in, love"

She gave me a moment to try and put two and two together, it was so obvious and too impractical that I was beginning to doubt the conclusion forming in my head.

"I have the Alpha Nanobot?" I asked carefully, lowering the film I was holding against the light.

She nodded, brandishing the best poker face I've ever seen in my life. "Ethan carries the Beta Nanobot to protect the carrier of the Alpha. So in a nutshell, that’s you right there," she pointed at the MRI results I was holding.

"I don't get it, why? Why me?"

"You were intellectually advanced back then, love, you took after your father. You were supposed to be the one ERA was after because in that Alpha holds everything your father worked for. Everything he knows is in there,"

"It has been in my head all along? I thought everything was in his notebook?"

"What he had in his notebook was just as good as riddles, haven't you noticed it was only you who could relate to it, love?"

She was right. I managed to find my voice, "it all makes sense now,"

My legs collapsed under me when I found a stool to sit on. This was how I managed to produce the Rubrix; though it was difficult to create I've always had an instinct that whatever I was doing was the right thing, even if everyone was laughing at my works, I knew I was right.

I felt her small, firm hand pat against my back. A silent gesture to excuse herself.

"How did you get this?" I asked incredulously, I wasn't going to let her go that easily after dropping the bomb on me just like that. I had so many questions she needed to answer.

"I'm guessing at this point you prefer my company," she took a seat right next to me, "let's just say I have my sources,"

"That means there's another group of people who know?"

She shook her head, "no worries, I can swear on my grave that this secret is safe,"

"How did you get this?" I repeated, holding the film up. I watched her intently, her eyes dared to stand a challenge against me until they glazed over and she sighed in defeat.

"When I was working for Marduk these past few days, I gained access to some confidential matters," she chuckled to herself, "I just took advantage of it, besides it was also tucked into Craw's files... I just needed to know more about him, he was always a man full of secrets,"

"I see you like mysterious men," A solemn smile framed up my lips, "he must be lucky to have you,"

She shrugged a little.

"Mind telling me how your marriage went?" I offered, knowing now was not the time to go into these things, but chances of talking to her alone like this by chance again was so rare. I just wanted to know if, at one point she was happy being with him. I knew this wasn't exactly ethical on my part, but I have to admit, I always wished I was the only one who made her the happiest. 

Yes, I was searching for a hint of regret in her. That maybe she still had the mentality of wishing that it was me eloped with.

"He had a very dry humor," she began, her tone was simple it was too hard to tell what she was feeling. I just nodded.

"At first I hated him--" she paused keeping her emotions at bay and crossed her arms against her chest as if guarding herself, then spoke with a little more control, "but working with him for a while created a strange bond between us, there had been times I went after him in the field. I kept telling him he needed a partner, but he kept insisting he was ‘all good’ by himself. I kept telling him that every time he needed saving from me."

"We had a mission that nearly killed him for good, like a broken record I told him he needed a partner again,” she smiled faintly, shaking her head looked at me for a second, then dropped her gaze, “that day he told me he was fine with just me,"

I felt a little uneasy and honestly jealous as she told her story, but I had to keep calm for her sake. I asked for this after all, and now here comes the price I was paying.

"In a few days we were married, courtesy of Marduk, but our marriage was no different. It only left me as a worried wreck for every mission he was assigned to. Every time he wasn't on a mission, I would spend time with him and Ethan. We were like a family..."

"There were also times he would prefer being alone, he would lock himself in his office as if he was trying to hide something from me. I always wanted to know what it was all about, but before I could actually ask him myself, the day came you killed him," she looked at me coldly, though the tone in her voice made me want to undo the deed I've done, "mind telling me why?"

"I was half expecting you're in here to get your revenge, to be honest," I stated flatly, not wanting to give away any hint that I was slightly alarmed at the moment.

"It's possible," she said after a thoughtful pause.

"Why aren't you trying to kill me?" I asked a little too quickly, I began weighing my options faster than I allowed her to speak.

"You have many reasons why you're untouchable at the moment," she beamed at me, though I was pretty sure I couldn't find the humor in that one it was a good enough reason for me to calm down and relax.

"First off, you're Ethan's brother," she held her hand up and began counting off, "next, you have the Alpha bot permanently installed in your noggin. Third, you have the advantage for saving the world from Marduk's plan of world domination," she articulated dramatically.

"For real?" I blurted aloud.

"Yuh huh, he’s a dangerous potential," she nodded, "and finally..."
She blinked and slowly looked over to me, tracing me with her eyes as though she was caressing my face. Or at least, I'd like to think so. She looked down at where my lips were at, hopefully, then she looked back into my eyes. There was a sensitive string that connected the two of us for a split second; it was too magical for me to move as if I’ve found the pot of gold everyone was looking for at the end of the rainbow that if I took one step it would vanish forever.
My stomach did a little somersault when she slowly inched closer to me. My mouth suddenly felt so dry as my hands trembled, wanting to grab her but I resisted, basking in this rare event I thought was extinct. Her eyes slowly closed and soft plump lips parted. She didn't need to say more as I closed the gap between us feeling her succulent lips against mine.

I couldn't help but smirk into the kiss as she sighed.

She still loves me.

An hour or two later, I found myself sprawled on the cold tile floor, still in my birthday suit. I sat up and looked around; the sense of loneliness gnawed my gut in her absence.

"Mind checking on Robyn?" She told me.

I turned to see her putting on her lab gown; she was already fully dressed as she waltzed to my work area. Sluggishly grabbing my clothes, I yanked them back on and ruffled my messed up hair as I walked to her.

"Mornin' beautiful," I hugged her from behind as I put on the biggest shit-eating grin I could ever muster.

She giggled and shook her head. I protested when she pulled away from me, but she ignored me as she reached over to a nearby desktop. She tapped the screen and it came to life. Big numbers in red said that Robyn had ten minutes before she would wake up from the electric sedation we put on her.

"Shit!" I breathed, all happy feeling was gone now, "I gotta go check on her, be right back, babe,"

I snagged a few syringes and bolted through the door and down to Robyn's room. The first thing I noticed was how haggard Ethan looked, I kept the small talk going and reassurances fell along the lines.
Barely keeping track of what we were saying, I added an extra dose of electrical sedatives to keep her bots at bay before I turned to my brother.

"We need to steal their research?" He asked me.
Desperation was written all over his face, he was at the brink of insanity, there was stubble forming around his chin, his hair was so unruly it was as if he had been rubbing his head through a mob of kittens to help him think. It pained me to see him like this. He was a mess and I had also been preoccupied with my work I had nearly forgotten to check up on him. I resumed writing in my chart to kill the guilt, but it was too much that I stopped.

"The hardware isn't enough, whenever we try to manually incise the bots and get into its software it self destructs, it's actually pure genius!" I sighed in defeat, I didn’t plan on telling him the bad news.

"Is there any easier way to this?" He gestured towards the sleeping blonde. The way he looked at her just made me want to work harder. There was an easier way, but I shook my head.

"I'm not in for alternatives bro, I know how much she means to you" I patted him on the shoulder and left him alone. I needed to get back to my work; maybe if Emily helped me out we could move faster.

Or maybe we could take things slow and then pick up the pace towards the end-- stop it. Jesus. I needed to seriously focus on saving Robyn and less on other things I could possibly do to that redheaded vixen. She had about thirty joules left of electrical sedation before her heart goes into shock, a.k.a Cardiac Arrest.

"Hey Emily," I said aloud, flipping through my chart, "you mentioned about gaining some access into Marduk's classified stuff right? Maybe we can try hacking into Robyn's bots again, there's a chance you..."

I looked up from my papers; there was no one else in the lab but Gibbs working in one corner. He rubbed his eyes behind his glasses then raised a hand at me, "sup!"

I raised a brow. Definitely not the redhead I was looking for.

"Oh yeah, Emily left a note for you on your table, told me to tell you not to worry and stuff,"

Hurriedly, I reached my table and grabbed the note that was sitting there. My gut was fluttering all over the moment my heart sank like the way water would ripple when someone dropped a ball.

I read through the note once, then twice and then again and again before I began pacing restlessly in the lab.

"You okay, man?"

"No!" I roared back, I was rubbing my eyes furiously, "I'm not okay," I said softly before I resumed working. I opened my desktop and began typing in new codes to reprogram Ethan's bots.

"What did the note say?" Asked Gibbs.

Shaking my head, I ignored him; I only had twenty-four hours left to either break Robyn's bots or reinforce Ethan's.

Either way, I can not risk another failure.


'Dear Ares,

Don't go bother looking for me, love. Wait right here and just try to solve Robyn's case. In return, I can help you by asking the big man himself.

I'm bringing Ethan with me for back up. And probably try to fix a score I have to settle. After all, revenge is best served cold, right?

If in twenty four hours we're not yet back, destroy the threat without question.

Should this be the last time you'd hear from me, I want you to know that I still love you.

Dr. Finiakis'
CHAPTER TWENTY ONE

Ethan's POV

"Duuude, you should totally ask her out, man, you know?" One guard kept leaning back each time he articulated his words.

The taller one kept shaking his head, despite the big full-faced racing-like helmets they wore, anyone could tell he was blushing. He was fiddling the strap of his rifle as he spoke, "I dunno man, I mean, I'm just new here and stuff, I bet she doesn't even know me,"

"Nonsense man," the other one chuckled, "I mean, you signed up for this place, your life is always on the line, might as well live it to the fullest and shit,"

"Nah," the other shifted his weight on another foot, "I didn't really have a choice you know, hey gimme a sec dude, gotta take a leak"

"Dude just pee on the wall," suggested his partner.

"Naw man, that's like totally rude and stuff," the taller one chuckled as he walked away from his partner's field of vision.

"Don't go too far man," hollered his buddy.

"Yep," he responded as he positioned himself behind a big old tree with angry bushes clumped together. He swung his rifle to his back and began fiddling for the zipper.

"Hmm," crooned a sweet voice, "he's a pretty big boy, isn't he?"

The guard jerked his head up as he feebly began stuffing his manhood in his pants, wetting himself a bit.

"Great, I'm definitely not wearing that suit," said the voice of the woman.

The guard raised his rifle aimlessly for the branches and then twirled around blindly thinking as if the voice came from behind the trees. He decided it was time for back up, but just as he was about to make a sound I slipped my hand under his helmet and clamped his mouth shut with one hand and locked him in place with my other arm, feeling his fear reverberate against my hold.

"Shh," I whispered to his ear hoping to help him relax. But who was I kidding, this kid was smart enough to know where this was going. I smoothly grabbed his rifle and disarmed him, at least five more guns fell to the ground, "I'm going to release you, if you want to live listen carefully,"

It took us a little over three minutes of impressive cooperation to have the two guards tied to a thick tree in their boxers. The taller of the two was around his early twenties and reminded me of a surfer guy with his long blonde hair tied to a ponytail, his partner was a hispanic bald man with an impressive buff body as if going to the gym was his hobby. Both of them were gagged and knocked unconscious.

It took us another two to get dressed in black, oversized thick-padded uniform and arm ourselves.

"See, there's a reason why we need to do this at night," I commented as I leaned against the other side of the tree trunk our hostages were at. Judging by the way the sun was angled in the sky, it was almost midday.

"Mhm," Emily smiled as she connected the two helmets to her bug-eyed shades with some cable, at this point she began tuning the frequencies of the helmet so that our conversations were limited to the two of us.

"You sure that's safe?" I asked, mildly wondering if ERA's technicians could hack into our frequency.

"Yep, its foolproof, but just keep your shades just in case," she handed me my helmet as I wore my shades. I cringed at the horrible sweaty smell and shuddered at the feel of damp paddings pressing against my cheek bones and around my face.

"Ew," Emily's voice came out clear in my helmet.

"Tell me about it," I said, "shall we?"

"I told you we should have just gone without the costumes," she muttered as we made our way to the entrance.

"You know I was never one for theatrics,"

She shrugged, "well maybe you should, the grand finale is coming soon after all,"

Towering before us was a huge chrome double door with some moss blanketing its surface. I've always marveled our firm's architecture--I meant my former firm-- it was so camouflaged with its surroundings that from afar the doors could pass off for a large boulder blocking an entrance to a cave found at the foot of a hill.

The moment Emily swiped her victim's ID in a hidden card slot the lower part of the boulder-like door began parting vertically from each other so that the top half remained still. As it did, it had some sort of negative air pressure sucking everything in like a vacuum; quickly we made our way in before the door closed on us.

Stepping into the tall chrome halls bathed me in a sense of nostalgia, but after having everything learned recently, this place was just as foreign as another country to me. The ceiling and floors were white and the walls were black, lights emanated from the junction in between.

We walked by a couple of guards dressed in the same uniform and some scientists bustling about with their white robes and charts as we made our way to the elevator and I hit the button to the top floor.

The elevator was made of glass walls, allowing you to get a glimpse of the forest the institution was nestled in. But the higher we got, the more we could see the tip of the city's skyline off in the distance.

We barely spoke a word to each other, as if mutually understanding that maybe we could be heard even if she claimed tuning in our radio frequencies was foolproof. My vision flashed a thin translucent sheet of green with a cursor blinking on the side. It didn't take more than a second to realize that this fancy trick was coming from the shades she gave me earlier. I admit, this was pretty sweet. Words formed saying:

You okay?

I looked at Emily and gestured her my reassurance. She nodded and the green sheet disappeared. It wasn't like it blocked my view entirely, but what seemed to gather my interest was how she managed to type in these words without lifting a finger?

"I bought a camera for my uncle, by the way," I tried to sound casual, what I really meant to say was, did you manage to cover the security cameras.

Emily nodded nonchalantly, but the green sheet flew into my vision along with words that said:

Don't worry, I got this place covered.

I couldn't help but smile a little. She was pretty cool with all the toys she carried; I was actually hoping I get to keep this one.

You nervous?

I shook my head. To be honest I wasn't really feeling anything. Maybe I killed so much, I was immune to all feelings prior to executing my task.

Always remember that sometimes, we become what we do. Tell me, what happens next when this is all over?
I briefly glanced at Emily, she wasn't looking straight at me, instead she she was tapping her foot impatiently and looking at the elevator floors we were passing. Completely the opposite of what she was trying to tell me. I pondered for a moment, unsure of what to say.

The momentum of the elevator slightly dragged us down and a low-key bell chimed pleasantly, the doors slid open. We avoided eye contact just to keep things safe even if we couldn't technically see each other from these helmets. It was ridiculous, but somehow it felt so taboo, that if we did dare look at each other bad things were bound to happen.

We stepped into a grand black and white foyer that completely out of place in the futuristic theme of this institution. It was my first time to officially step into the top floor of the building and unlike the other levels I've been through, this place reminded me of a five-star hotel's lobby not the type that was made for this corporate place.

This place had a white carpet that seemed to stretch to every corner. The walls were made of black velvet with paintings of abstract art and flowers that entirely contrasted to the mood of this building. You know what this place needed? Windows.

Right in front of us was an elegant white table manned by a pale, pretty brunette typing away into her fancy computer. She was dressed to match the theme of this place like a stewardess garbed in black and white.

To her left was a sleek metal double door that had no handles, designed to only be opened through the small touch-screen monitor near the stewardess. Two guards were on duty as they stood like statues on either side of the said door.

Soon enough our presence was noticed.

"Excuse me," smiled the receptionist, "but I'm afraid your shift won't be on for until another hour,"

"My apologies," I began, but Emily already darted something at the two guards that caused them to grunt and fall limp to the ground.
The woman's face contorted in horror as she frantically fumbled for something in her desk, but it was too late as she gasped, clutching her throat. Her big brown eyes fixed on us the entire time she collapsed on her desk. She was completely clueless with how her life ended.

"Is she dead?" I asked.

"Most likely," Emily shrugged.

I sighed, rolling my eyes. She didn't have to kill anyone who tried being friendly with us. Walking cautiously towards to the two guards, I surveyed the area before grabbing his rifle. Emily did the same as we both moved the two lifeless bodies to the side.

"I guess we only have an hour before someone sees this mess," the redhead commented as I positioned a personnel's ID on the card slot.

"Wait," Emily grabbed my hand, stopping me just in time as she turned to the dead woman's computer.

"What are you doing?"

"Killing the security in this area, it'll only take a few minutes, maybe we can also see what we're up against beyond this room,"

"Should I hide these?" I suggested, pointing at the three corpses.

"Don't bother, I've already isolated this floor, no one can get in or out without my command,"

"Cool, shall we?" I walked to the metal doors, feeling a little giddy.

“Just in case, the password is ‘Robyn’,” She nodded, "let's"
I shook my head, dousing the thoughts faster than it registered in my mind. I didn’t want to be sentimental at the moment, because if I ever do… I might lose my game face and everything I prepared myself for might go down the drain.
Damn, I should stop that. But it was too late as a horrible feeling began clenching my guts.

The doors slowly hummed open and blinding light spilled into the lobby.

Actually, I remember now. This wasn't the first time I've been here.

I remember that very day when I first stepped into this office, I was barely ten. I was so cold, alone and lost.

The only person who was with me then was Craw; the receptionist in the lobby was actually Emily. How could I have forgotten how the woman stood, smiled and bowed at us as she led the way into this office.

At that same day, I met a strong man whose presence dominated this very room. Even if he would sit in his high-back, black leathery office chair his superiority tainted the very air I breathed in I could almost suffocate.

He had a head full of cropped black hair that matching his square-ish mustache making everything else he wore look so angular. The formality in the air was too stern if was as if he was angry at Craw. I would never forget how conscious I felt, as if I needed to prove to him that I was born to be a soldier whenever he acknowledged me.

He took me in and personally taught me everything he knew from warfare to hand to hand combat. By the time I hit sixteen he handed me my semi-independence with Craw where I was further hardened with years of training.

I was never taught the meaning of weakness or fear, nor did he teach me of the word mercy or empathy. Exposed to the world of war and murder ripped me off my sense of innocence.

I was the perfect soldier.

The second time I've been here, I stood before him, trembling with excitement, hoping that he called me in to be showered with praises that I've longed for. Instead, he gave me even better news.

"Ethan, my boy," he told me, "you have one more assignment before I deem you an official soldier of ERA."

And he gave me that briefing with Craw right next to me. Though the Colonel couldn't see it, Craw did. I could barely stand still and I only had enough will power to stop myself from grabbing the classified folder the Colonel had in his hands as he went on with my orienting me about some institution and this piece of technology called the 'Rubrix'.

By the time he finished reading to me, I barely heard a word he said. He stood up, handed me my folder over his desk and shook hands.

"The next time we meet in my office Gould," he told me, "you will be the best man I've taken under my tutelage. Congrats my boy, you're almost there."

Well, six months could only do so much to a person.

Right before me was that office that had always haunted me. Shelves upon shelves of books lined the walls, a carpeted bear greeted me with a lifeless grimace, to the left of the door was a mini lounge gathered just enough to crowd a 32-inched flat screen television. At the far end of the room was a wide window that took in the sunlight the peaceful afternoon brought with it as it flooded its warmth on a mahogany desk that sat nearby. 

Complementing that desk was a few piles of folders stacked to one corner opposite a wide monitor. Behind it was a high-backed black-leather office chair, but that was no longer in my line of interest.

"We meet again, Ethan," said the Colonel calmly, swirling a half-filled wine glass in his hand, "funny to see you here again in such different circumstances. Should I pop another bottle and have a toast to congratulate you?"

He didn't seem disturbed by the fact that two armed people were in his office ready to kill him with just a pull of a trigger. Instead, he just sat there with a sly smile playing on his lips, patiently waiting for us to just accept his hospitality.
I scoffed, he might as well just feed me to the bears, glancing towards Emily, I checked in to see if we shared the same sentiment; she cocked her rifle. She obviously had other things in mind. I smiled, took off my helmet and slowly shook my head in mild amusement.
"Let's skip the formalities, Marduk. We all know why I'm here."
“To celebrate your graduation?” He mused. 
“Oh no,” a humorless smile framed my lips, “Right now, I’m afraid I’m overqualified for something as petty as that,”

CHAPTER TWENTY TWO

Ares' POV

If there was one thing anyone should know about me. It would be me being pretty particular with my time.

I was so crazy about my schedule, Gibbs swears he could actually label me with an obsessive-compulsive disorder when things don't go as planned.

Given at least twenty four hours to solve the problem, I already set a time table of how my day would go. I barely had three hours to spare was even willing to pull on an all-nighter.

And yet, here I was, summoned to a personal conference by the General himself. Apparently, I still had so much to report to him, none of which I began yet.

"Dr. Portley, it has been more than a week since you filed in that last report, and here I am now realizing that some of our men are missing, do you know how much trouble you are putting me in?"

Despite the formality he was pitting me with, his tone was just like that of a father scolding his child for the umpteenth time.

Forget about Ego. This guy could eat your pride right in front of you and still scar you for life. I don't know about you, but that was how I looked at him. This guy right here was not just the General. He was my dad; it didn't have to be in a biological sense, but yeah. You get my point.

I almost forgot to mention one thing about this place. It was all about documents.

For every mission that has succeeded or failed you were required to file in your report along with everyone else that was involved. That way, credibility was preserved.

"I only have until tomorrow, Lieutenant," he added.

Drowning in my own thoughts, I wasn't sure myself with where to start. This was the first time I failed to pass a report on time, while my brain was working its magic to solve my other worries, my body stayed frozen as I stood right in front of his desk like a statue.

"I'm afraid," I began, my voice cracking under pressure, "I can't give out an oral report just yet, sir,"

He stood from his seat, and I just wanted to melt. The General stayed quiet, waiting for an answer, by the look on his face, it reminded me of that day all over again when I made a deal with ERA. I never thought I’d live to see another day like that go by again.

"I'm currently under a mission--"

"One that I obviously did not send out, what is it about?" The solemnity in his facade made me want to just run away from him. He wasn't supposed to know any of this, because that would mean me having to start from the very beginning of all this mess. Then he would know. And if he did, what would happen next?

"Sir it's a long story--"

"Then keep it brief,"

Dear lord, I have no idea where I should start. Now that I began babbling some hints of breadcrumbs to my secret, there was no backing this one out now. My eyes wandered as I sorted through my thoughts, "I have gained information from ERA," I began.

"And why haven't you reported to me immediately, Lieutenant?"

"Because the mission is still ongoing," I continued, forcing myself to gain a little more confidence. Before he could ask me what it was about, I initiated my story recollecting major events that took place and slightly editing out bits that he didn't need to know, such as how we totalled the Experiment Area and that one neighboring warehouse within the vicinity. All went well actually… until I ended my story as to how much time I had left to cure an electronic virus.

My oral report lasted me some good ten minutes (if I'm not mistaken) and relished the silence as I braced myself for the General's reaction, like one would prepare for a hurricane.

Throughout the tale I told him, he remained standing behind his desk, clasping his hands behind him and maintained an unfathomable gaze fixed carefully on mine. He was like a cheetah, sizing up his prey.

"What is the name of ERA's rogue agent?" He began curtly.

"Sir, I rest assure you he is not rogue, he wishes to be a part of ARC--"

"He is not an official member yet without my permission. He is still ERA's rogue agent, I need a name Ares,"

"Gould," I replied calmly, "Ethan Gould wishes to return to us,"

The General's hardened composure wavered ever so slightly as his keen eyes brightened by just a tad bit. A hint of sadness and joy emanated briefly as if he was a blind man who could finally see again.

"Ethan Gould?" He repeated as he staggered to his chair. For once in my life, I saw his practiced reverie crack to tiny pieces as he fell vulnerable before me. It took a lot of getting used to if you asked me.

"That means..." He looked at me slowly.

I nodded curtly, fighting back the random blur that was threatening to tumble out of my eyes, "yes sir," my voice betrayed me as a tear rolled down my cheek, "I know,"

"How much?" He asked.

"Ethan is my brother, I have the Alpha bot in my brain, I'm capable of building everything my father stored away, because it's all in here," I stifled a sob, pointing to my head. I've never felt so pathetic in my life. Just like how I found out Ethan was my brother, I once again had no one else to turn to but my papers shortly after Emily left.

I've never broken down like this, I haven't cried in front of anyone at all. But I was just in so much pressure and I had so many things going in my head right now. Time that was given to me to cure Robyn was so limited; the woman I have ever come to love has little to no chance of surviving the unofficial mission she decided to drag my brother into. My brother, whom I thought never survived, actually did, and just as I was about to catch up on all those lost years, he had to leave so soon leaving me with so much responsibility.

Rubbing my face furiously against my sleeves I buried myself in it, I stood there as my body rocked from the sobs I miserably failed to stifle. Taking in one deep shaky breath, I forced myself to calm down. I needed to seriously pull myself together.

"I'm sorry my boy," said the General, "you deserved to know everything,"

"Then why didn't you tell me right away?" My voice came in urgent and hushed, I am not going to cry again. Oh please don’t cry again Ares, suck it up man! Suck it up!

He sighed deeply, "I guess it was partly my guilt that kept me from telling you.”
 
Hesitating for a bit, he shook his head and went on, “About fifteen years ago before the tragic incident happened on ARC, your father was being pressured by the president to use his technology on human samples. No one dared to volunteer, and he was already getting enough warnings from the President himself. He was well aware of the consequences his technology had, but on that one day, our institution was being attacked. He had no other choice."

"He decided to bring the two of you with him, fearing that the enemy could take you both and be used against him. He knew it was risky, but he would rather have you two near him anyways. I was there, you, your brother, Craw, Colonel Marduk and a team of five scientists were also there to aid us."

"He locked all of us in a safe room while the building was burning. The rescue team was just on their way then. Your father, had with him two purple bags filled with a liter of bots and began setting up an IV line to have it injected into you and your brother. Our supposed human experiments died along in the fire accident that took place. Leaving you and your brother as the next desperate choice."

"I was against it and so was your father, but Marduk was the only one fully supportive of it. I knew then something was off. By the time you guys had the bots in you, we barely had time to stabilize both of your vital signs because everything was happening too fast."

"You were worse for wear compared to your brother; you were too weak to handle the nanobots invading your system. Marduk took your brother and Craw with him as they escaped with the first rescue team, the next team came and we needed to leave fast, but your father couldn't and even if we brought you along we knew you wouldn't make it."

"What he did was he injected you with so much drugs so you would stop convulsing, eventually you also stopped breathing. For a moment, I already thought we lost you. He was on the brink of losing his sanity, I’ve never seen him so broken before. I told him we had to go because the whole place was coming down from the fire, the rescue team was by the window on a helicopter ready to go. We only had seconds left to decide."

"Instead of leaving you in that state, he took out this gun and pulled the trigger in your mouth. At first I thought he lost it and decided to put an end to your misery. Instead you began breathing. He handed me his notebook and told me to give it to you. He ordered me to leave because he said he needed to eradicate everything else in the main computer which I very well knew was way back in to the center of the building."

"Before I could actually stop him he disappeared back into the safe room, away from the window we perched on and the rescue team hauled us out of the building just in time before the rest came crashing down."

When the moment of silence dawned a little too heavily on us, the General tried to speak again "Ares, I hope you understood why I kept you away from field work and basically locked you within the confines of this institution, but I only did that to keep you safe. It was the last thing I could do for your father, keep an eye out for you for as long as I can--"

Red lights began blinking in the General's office followed by an eerie siren that obviously meant that something wasn't right. That immediately snapped me out of my reverie as my heart sank further into the depths of my gut.

Soldiers banged the office doors open and filed in with one of them immediately reporting that someone has invaded the facility.

"Where's it coming from?" I dared to ask, the authority of my voice scared me so much I was actually more proud with the fact that it didn't fail me.

"Sir, one of my sources has reported that it came in from the Intensive Care Unit at the west wing, sir." He saluted.

Shit. I glanced at my wristwatch. I don't get it, an hour barely passed and it was already happening so soon? I knew I should have left someone in there to watch over Robyn the moment Emily mentioned in her letter that she took Ethan with him.

But the scary thought of Emily not coming back overwhelmed me so much it threw me off track, I was so rattled I was basically panicking. I barely lined up a series of test to run on Robyn, that was all I needed to do for the remaining three hours I allotted to myself. And they were all backed up in the laboratory also located in the west wing.

I seriously had a timetable going on and it was so planned that I had back up plans if things like these should ever happen. And now that it did, here I was far far far away from my comfort zone and there was only so little I could do.

While the General was busy barking orders to ‘Kill on Sight’, I was already dashing down the hall towards the very threat itself. There was no way that was happening. I promised Ethan she would be safe, I also promised her that same thing.

Like I said, if there was one thing anyone should know about me. It would be me being pretty particular with my time.

At this point, it was something I could no longer afford to lose.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY THREE

Ethan's POV

"You can't kill me," said the Colonel, daring me to pull the trigger. His malicious eyes constantly held both our gazes as he smoothly took out a cigar and lit it, crisply snapping his lighter shut before it disappeared into his army coat. "You know, I'm pretty impressed,"

With my helmet on my right hand, I coolly aimed a pistol at him with my left. Emily stood by my right, wielding her rifle; it was pretty clear she had no plans on lowering them without firing a bullet. Both of us had on the shades, little did he know we were already hacking into the system this way. The plan was to buy just enough time to take in every detail and information that could help us crack into Robyn’s nanobot system.
Then we could cure her.

He took a long drag and blew out the smoke, calmly sipping his wine as he leaned back on his chair. "I'm guessing you're both here for your own reasons,"

Neither Emily nor I moved.

"I wouldn't be surprised if you were here because of your girlfriend," he lazily turned away and diverted his attention to Emily, "and because your ex boyfriend ratted out on me, you're here to avenge your late husband,"

He chuckled a bit, as if there was an inside humor to laugh at. He shook his head and took another sip, "this is how I get my sweet revenge, target the loved ones, it always leaves a mark."

Emily and I briefly exchanged glances a silent agreement came between us both. We've already planned out how we were going to do this, at this point we couldn't afford to put all this effort to waste.

"Where is it?" Emily asked firmly.

The Colonel leaned his chin on the back of his hand that held his cigar, "where's what?"

The redhead narrowed her eyes, "you know what I'm talking about,"

At first he rested his forehead on his hand, I wondered if he was slowly fainting. Later on his shoulders began shaking, at that point I hope he was having a seizure. It wasn't too long before he threw his head back as he began laughing his heart out, as he calmed down, he wiped a few tears off the corner of his eyes and took a deep steady breath, "Good lord, you don't have any idea what you're looking for don't you?"

"Where is the cure?" Emily completely ignored his travesty.

"To think I was worried you actually knew," he began shaking his head. He poured himself another glass to drink setting the wine bottle nearby his desktop; it was either he wasn't taking us seriously or he was trying to put up a show to hide how scared he was.

I pretty much betting on the latter bit. Just to boost some ego, you know?

"Well, there is no cure for that," he proudly stated, "Instead, what she has is something similar to the Rubrix,"

He raised a small touch-screen device no different than an iTouch. "This my friend, is what I call the..." He paused and thoughtfully hummed to himself, "Robin.. Yes, it only seems right since she's the first successful experiment to be controlled fully."

"Hand it over," I demanded almost instantly.

"You think I'm that stupid?" He was grinning maliciously, "For an Elite soldier we made out of you, let me ask you Gould, how well did you actually think this plan through?"

I clenched and unclenched my jaw.

"Did you know that with just a swipe of my finger, I can reactivate Robyn and wreck havoc in ARC?" He narrowed his eyes and putted his cigar on his desk. "I allowed her to fall into a trance so you idiots can whisk her away into the heart of your facility, and now that she's in there..." He swiped his finger and the screen came to life, it revealed a red screen and a jagged undulating line that faintly reminded me of an ECG monitor reading.

"Lies, because of the electricity each nanobots carry, we sedated her with a few electrical currents," Emily debated.

"Oh is that so?" Said Marduk thoughtfully scratching his chin, "I guess I would have to add in an extra oomph to get her going then,"

"Don't!" Emily hollered even if Marduk hadn't moved a muscle yet, "Ever heard of the wear and tear, genius?"

He feigned hurt, "I'm so offended, sweetheart, like I even care,"

He set the device flat on his desk and leaned back, crossing his ankles on his desk and clasping his hands behind his head.

"Even if you did get this device, its pretty indestructible, you're only given one chance to guess the code right, if not, she's doomed to forever obey to my voice commands," he smiled at me with such dark humor, I just wanted to inject bullet after bullet into every inch of his face. "If you have the heart to spare a poor girl's life, I suggest the two of to drop every single weapon you have on you,"

I stared him down, thoughts racing for a back up plan just in case things would go bad towards the end.

"Drop it. Now," he stopped smiling yet haven’t moved a muscle.

Emily was the first to unstrap her vest, her guns clattered on the floor as she raised both hands to her head. Marduk looked at me next and raised a brow, waiting for me to do the same, I dropped the one I was holding and unstrapped my vest as well allowing a disturbing cacophony of guns echo in the morbidly hushed office.

"Come on, cough it up," he coaxed some more.

"That's all we have," Emily explained.

He shook his head looking at the computer, "according to my security cameras, the two of you still got something up your sleeves,"

Emily and I knowingly glanced at each other before I decided to comply as well. I dropped all guns I had on me and so did she.

"That's right, now kick it over here," he crooned. "Should I also mention, how horrible she was in bed? She was screaming hella crazy I just had to gag her to shut her up"

That's it. Armed or not, I'm going to rip his head off his shoulders with my bare hands.

"Ethan no!" Emily tried to stop me but it was too late, I was already grabbing a gun from the floor and pulling the trigger as I raced towards him. For such an old man, he dodged my bullets well, parried my blows and managed to kick me far back; I merely skidded to a halt as Emily dove for the device sitting peacefully at his desk.

He grabbed a shotgun from under his desk and aimed for the redhead, but instead she tucked her knees to her chin and rolled away in a fraction of a second.

Taking the vast space of his office as an advantage, I hid behind a couch. He chuckled for a moment, before he began a steady line of profanities.
"What have you assholes done?"

"If you're talking about how no one is responding to your call," responded Emily, "Oopsie,"

"You bitch!"

"Ethan now!"

I stepped out from the couch zeroed in for his hand, pulled the trigger and he let go of the shotgun. But in a split second he drew out a small handgun with his left and aimed for me, I ducked down in a blur and rolled away, grabbing another pistol as I went.

At the far end of the office, I saw Emily taking cover behind one bookshelf. I whistled to grab her attention before sliding the gun right across the floor.

"Not so fast," said Marduk, instantly the gun stopped half-way through its top speed, the other one I was holding simultaneously dove to the floor pinning my hand along with it flat on the surface. "I got this placed rigged with magnets, so your guns are pretty useless at this point,"

"Any luck?" I mouthed at Emily's direction.

"Almost," she mouthed back. "You okay?"

I merely shrugged and began prying myself free of this gun. If he said that he got the whole place magnetizing guns to the floor, would that leave him unarmed?

"Put your weapons down and surrender or I swear this girl's a goner," he commanded.

Emily seemed to be thinking the same thing as she stepped out from her hiding with her hands raised, the urgency in her eyes told me that our guess was wrong.

"That's right," he said,"Mrs. Michael Craw, the newly wed more like the newly widowed. Michael was just like Ethan once, but he was so so very very weak," he shook his head vigorously as if a bee was buzzing around him.

I heard footsteps and peeked slight above the couch and observed Marduk was stepping away from his desk, leaving the device vulnerable. I grunted as pouring in all my strength to free myself from this pistol that glued my hand to the ground. Much to my horror, the more nanobots I concentrated to help free my hand, the harder it was to all also manipulate the flow of my bots.

The magnet was also attracting them!

Holy shit, nothing was going as planned.

"Did you know how much he knew about my files? It was only about time he died for good, I always doubted his loyalty," Marduk blabbered on, "he was too smart for his own good you know? He was actually smarter than you,"

I looked around the office, surely there has got to be another way around this place. And then I glanced up, right above Marduk was an impressive chandelier. It was a long shot, but if I somehow managed to let it loose, it can smash this bastard as flat as a pancake. Now, how was I going to aim for that?

Emily was as good as a sitting duck out in the pond and any moment Marduk can pull the trigger, at the same time the device we needed was just sitting at the corner of his desk, apparently, she didn’t get it. Yet here my own gun ironically enough managed to pin my hand  down as I learned about my weakness today.

First off, I was weak against electricity.

Secondly, magnet, when strong enough, can actually affect me like any metal.

Wait a second.

Increasing my vision I focused on the chandelier, on its shiny surface, it reflected the view it was watching from below it. In a matter of seconds, my senses tuned out again but before I could manage to decide at the last minute--

Bang!

My blood grew cold.

"Emily!"

"Oh shut up, I only did her a favor," he grumbled, "now where are you so I can finish you off."

Shit no! Desperately I leaned far away from the handgun, trying to pull myself free. I felt like a rabbit whose ankle got caught in a snare. The couch I was hiding behind was pulled away from me, granting me a clean view of Emily, curled up in a fetal position as a red pool of blood grew bigger around her. She actually risked her life as a diversion to give me just enough time to finish this douche off... but I just failed her.

"I never actually thought it would work," I saw his eyes shine bright with amusement, "you look so pathetic, killing you would be worth everything I ever worked hard for,"

I spat evenly at his face, "all you ever did was steal from ARC," I said darky.

He scowled almost immediately, "you look just like your father. You know I always hated that guy," he took out a stick of cigar from his breast pocket and gestured me a few "want one?"

I glared right at him.

"Suit yourself," he shrugged, tucking it away as he lit his, "let me tell you a little story your father somewhat knew about. It was about high school when we first met, he was the intellectual dweeb and I was the popular jock the ladies were after. We were actually good buddies at one point because he saved me from a chemical reaction explosion back in the science lab."

"I owed him my life. So in return I beat the crap out of the guys who would bully him, we were pretty cool back then. I was living the life you know. When we graduated however, I haven't seen him since, I joined the military and then proposed to my long time girlfriend, but she dumped me," he shook his head.

"Years later I was climbing ranks, you know, and finally when I was about your age, I saw your father again in this organization I was assigned to. My job there was to protect the facility and help run some tests by choosing my best men for the upcoming war. It was pretty strange with how things turned."

"This time, your dad was living the life. He was my boss, he owned ARC, and he was hella rich...” the fire in his voice, slowly wavered as he continued talking with less vigor, “he was married to my ex girlfriend—and it doesn’t stop there, she was also pregnant with you."

He shook his head, "your mother was so beautiful. It was pretty funny, because she shared her name with that Greek myth about the chick who's face launched a thousand ships? And look now at how much trouble that woman--"

His face contorted from a manic grin to a pained one and shock grew evident throughout his composure. He blinked a few times then furrowed his brows as if taking in what just happened, he took one deep shaky breath and then collapsed to the floor right next to me.

A broken shard of glass stuck out from the back of his neck as he continued to struggle breathing. The more he exhaled the more blood oozed out. I blinked and looked around; my eyes led me to where Emily was supposedly lying on. Instead of seeing her there curled into a ball, there was a pool of blood that trailed across the white carpet as if her body had been dragged all the way to the office desk.

Finally I saw Emily struggling to breathe herself, she leaned over the wooden desk. Blood continued to dribble past the edge of the table and on to the white carpet, her hand was rummaging over the surface and under the table while the other grabbed on to the desk, supporting her weight. I heard a click and she stopped searching.

In an instant, my whole body felt light and the gun on top of my hand loosened a bit. I gingerly lifted my hand and hobbled my way to Emily, it was then I realized how much effort I threw in fighting against the weight of the magnet trying to pin me to the ground.

"Emily," I grounded out, pathetically making my way to her. "You did it,"

She merely smiled at me, I held her just in time and supported her slowly to the ground.

"We'll get out of here together," I promised, the moment I got a better view of her face, a cold chill washed over me. Her pale skin was mottled and she was cold to the touch, her eyes was searchingly blindingly despite the fact that they were both wide open, her lips moved quickly, but I barely heard the words she was uttering. Moving my ears carefully to her lips, I listened to her shaky breaths. "It's the password... her name" her trembling voice, faded to a gentle whisper, "...tell Ares I love..."

Silence.

She didn't even struggle for another breath. She didn't even get to finish her last words. I kept my eyes wide open just so I could see her. Why was my vision blurring?

Fat blobs of patches made way for my vision as they fell wet on her face. More hot liquid streamed down my face when my senses finally kicked in. I gingerly set her down on the floor and clasped my hands together, positioning them right over her heart: I began pumping relentlessly.

"Come on Emily," I whispered, "come on dammit! Don't leave me alone, too,"

From the way warmth gushed out from where I was pumping, I came to realize he must have zeroed in for her heart. I looked around and took the sight of so much blood spilled into the white carpet. I stopped trying. Just like what I did with Craw. Whatever else I did to help her was useless now. There was nothing left for me to do but begin accepting reality…

Shit.

How do I break this to Ares?

Fuck.

Why is it always me?

I buried my face on her stomach and rocked my body to and fro, grieving silently like a vulnerable child lost in the middle of this cruel world. There was a fleeting moment I reconsidered her as a mother, all she ever did was look out for me. Now that she was gone, there was no one else who could replace her, and what hurt me most was I never got the chance to express my gratitude.
To actually appreciate for everything she did for me. She lived a life watching me despise her, and now I regretted every moment I could have used to thank her. 
I hated the feeling of realization as it settled in the back of my head.
Emily Green was gone.
I pressed the palms against my ears, hoping to douse out the reality, but it was no use.
Emily was gone.
Even if I kept on denying it, there will always be another voice haunting me with the very fact that I wasn’t prepared to accept yet. But I had no other choice.
Emily was indeed gone.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR
Ares' POV
I learned three things today.
First of, never run to a person capable of killing you unarmed.
Secondly, when you have an army ready to protect you, never run away from them. Ever.
And lastly, when given the choice between an IV pole and a metal chart, always always always go for something longer even if the other one seemed sharp. I mean come on, when it's the dawn of the zombie apocalypse would you rather kill with a dagger or kill with a spear?
There you go. That alone is already an invalid argument.
Because, obviously, the spear wins along with the back up and the part where you do not run towards danger. Anyone in the right mind would go away from danger and keep safe being the selfish bastards we all are.
It's pretty funny how I found myself in this situation. Normally, I would have thought ahead into the future and would have a plan with me. Maybe today just wasn't my day. Like any other normal people, a bad day for them would include having a break up, losing a job and your pet fish Ringo dying on you the day you bought it. Those were normal bad days.
Unfortunately, those bad days weren't made for me.
If you were me your bad day would include limited time to a life threatening project, losing the person you like twice and finding out things kept from you for so many years all by yourself (okay maybe not by yourself, but you get my point, right?). Anyone would enter a state of depression, stress and maybe end up in the Psych ward for a bit. Okay, maybe not the psych ward.
Trust me, I would love to mope around all day, but because of who I was and the responsibility Fate burdened on me, I had no choice but to suck it all up and face it head on with a big fat smile on my face like it was nothing to me. It wasn't nothing to me.
It meant everything not only to me, but to everyone else around me as well.
I know, no pressure right?
Hahaha, okay okay, I'm not going to give you that bullshit.
But I hope that was enough reason why I am so out of my game right now.
Hiding behind one of the long white table in the laboratory, I was hugging the metal chart to against my chest. Because of the detected threat, the power was killed so that the entire west wing was sealed in.
So there I was hiding in the dark right where the killer was. She wasn't exactly a killer though, she was actually quite lovely to be with if you looked past all that angry murderous vibes.
A cacophony of glass shattering, metal moaning and audible female grunts reverberating outside the lab only meant she was getting closer and closer to where I was at. From the way I imagined things with all that noise, she was trying to trying to manually break open the sealed doors that locked us both in.
I wonder how long it would take before someone would come rescue me and probably sedate her successfully so I could help her. There were still some things that needed to be settled.
Why did I even run out here in the first place?
Oh right. I came back for my potential antidotes that Robyn needed, but now that I have them all lined up in my breast pocket (I made a total of three at the moment), what do I do now?
Yes I know it might sound pathetic that I spent another several hours trying to make lots of antidotes but only came down with three. But hey, never count your chickens until they've hatched. Or in this case, never count your--
Crash!
I slightly jumped; palpating my breast pocket just to make sure they were still there I took a peek ever so slightly above the table managing to catch a glimpse of the scary blonde marching right into the lab. I ducked low.
This is so not cool!
How can I inject them from a distance? Should I just play darts with these syringes and hope for the best? I actually considered it for a moment before I decided against it, concluding that I should make every shot count.
I know you must be thinking why I should be here cowering in fear when I have a nanobot inside my system. But see, that's the thing!
I only have one nanobot, and that bot is lodged in my brain!
It's my brother, Ethan, who should actually be here. He has more bots to spare should he ever bleed. After all, like what Emily said, I was built for the brains and my brother was built for the brawns.
Given a situation where you a hand gun to protect yourself, but once you're mugged with a knife against your throat you feel powerless right? And that was all because you're too afraid. Sometimes your hormones mess up and the need to live would weigh more than the need to defend yourself just like the fight or flight mechanism we all have. I would rather flee than fight if you asked me, like probably throw a smoke bomb if she ever saw me and when the smoke clears up I'm gone already.
That would be really nice.
Wait a minute.
Oh no I can't. I considered electrocuting her for a moment, but then remembered that if she had another dose of electricity into her system, her heart might give out. Permanently. Now I wouldn't want that happening under my watch. I was a man of my words and I promised her and Ethan her safety.
Since that was out of the question, what do I do now?
I looked around the lab expecting a little creativity out of my brain right now. I wasn't really a Van Gogh person I was more an Einstein kind of guy, if you get what I'm saying. So if you brought me to an art gallery, I would try to find ways how to make the Thinking Man statue solve formulae in Thermodynamics rather than think about what he could possibly be thinking. Who'd give a damn what he was thinking about? I'd give him a damn reason to think!
So there I was hopelessly searching for anything useful in the dark laboratory and then it was like someone lit a light bulb on my head; I realized how poor eyesight plus dark room did not result to helpfulness. I'm doomed, yay for me.
Okay, so that's definitely not working for me either.
Icy spiders scattered throughout my skin the moment I felt someone grab the collar of my lab gown. I didn't have to look over my shoulder to accept the fact that Robyn had me under her mercy.
Before I could react she threw me across the room, I tried to maneuver myself like what Ethan always did, but it was useless as I crashed through a shelf full of test tubes. Though pain hadn't registered fully in my mind, the impact that knocked the air out of my lungs left me struggling to get back on my feet. My legs were shaking and I was trembling all over, as I looked around, it wasn't really helpful that I could see everything especially with the fact there she was a few meters away from.
She was walking towards me again with a cold, blank expression on her face. I should have least amped up my stats with my Rubrix before facing this freaky cyborg. Yeah, I know I was pretty reckless for running straight to the belly of the monster. But I can regret all the way to my grave because it really wasn't helping me right now. If I was going down, I might as well just put up a fight.
She was just a foot away from me now.
I grabbed syringes A and B from my breast pocket and uncapped it as she came to lift me off the ground the again. Quickly as I possibly could, I stabbed her arms with the syringes and injected the antidotes simultaneously.
She didn't even wince in pain; instead she looked at them then back at me, drew back a fist and punched me in the gut. I crumpled in mid air before she tossed me to the side again.
Oh boy was she angry.
I was coughing pretty badly until I gagged a lot as bile climbed up my throat. I retched out the contents before I felt a solid impact collided onto my side. It took a moment for my brain to register that she kicked my left flank, I skidded across the cold tiles and whimpered when my back hit something that stopped me from going any further.
My regeneration rate, though faster than the average human, was nothing compared to Ethan's. My head began to throb dully as a growing headache gnawed at my brain. I lifted my head, looked around and found myself semi-lounging on shelves that was once filled with serums. All the liquid poured into the floor, others rolled off and crashed to the ground adding more to the mess.
I glanced at my wristwatch and barely ten seconds had gone by. I wasn't sure for how much longer I could stand being the punching bag, this was already pushing my body to the limits, and if this kept going any further...
This better work real fast, and if it doesn't the third syringe needs to work.
Because if that, too, doesn't work.
Then I failed.
Robyn was coming for me again, this time she had a confident smirk playing on her lips. Despite the fact that her hair was a messy mat of blonde locks and she was now dressed in a dirty patient's gown, she looked more like a killing mental patient than she did look like a person in need of help.
It was pretty funny how this reminded me of those early days when I held her captive along with Ethan and Craw. Back then she was pathetically making her escape, but here she was now probably getting her revenge, only she wasn't. I found morbid humor in that.
She grabbed a large petri dish and smashed it so it was a sharp-looking shard of glass. There's only so much words could to for a person and I knew I wouldn't stand a chance with something like that in her possession. I needed to get out of here. Fast!
I forced myself to move faster. My body felt like lead, and even if I could move my extremities I found difficulty in trying to move less clumsily. My arms and legs suddenly didn't feel like it belonged to me, I had to throw in extra effort to grab any support to lift my weight off the broken shelves and just when I did, she kneed me in the chest so that I collapsed on my back again.
This time, I've exhausted all my energy. Pain began surfacing from every nerve ending I could possibly have, my body was aching everywhere as if I had been lifting a ton of screwdrivers everyday. The damage done to me earlier was finally taking its toll.
If this was how, I, Ares Portley--Gould, I meant Ares Gould was going to die I might as well bring her down with me.
"Look Robyn," I began, my voice cracking, "I don't want to hurt you," I really meant it. But if I failed to cure her and I die, I might as well say goodbye to human civilization because I'm the only one who has the chance of cracking the code. Unless of course Ethan and Emily manages to get here in time, and by the looks of it, it was far from possible consider how she now knelt down next to me.
She pressed the broken glass against my neck. I was already uncapping the third syringe, though I hesitated, I knew I was doing the lesser evil; in a blink of an eye I jabbed the needle against her right hamstring and injected a full 10mL of its contents.
The deed has been done.
"Robyn, I'm so sorry," I muttered, I saw her falling limp already, "I mean Helen."
As I wrenched my hand away from the syringe, something gave way in me. I wasn't sure what, but I could feel the familiar tingling sensation scurry along my extremities making their way to my core before taking a detour to my brain; at any moment, I was bound to lose consciousness.
"Did you know," I let out a short chuckle as the realization fluttered by like a warm, gentle breeze, "you shared the same name my mother had?"
It was a useless thing to say at this point but somehow, I just felt like she needed to know. If my peripheral vision was a canvas and grainy spots were the paint brush I wouldn't mind telling you how much texture was outlining everything I was seeing, right now, my eyes focused on the frightened expression Robyn had at the moment.
Her big blue puffy eyes was rapidly searching blindly and she was clutching at her chest, her face was reddened as she seemed to struggle for something. A spine-chilling wave cascaded down my as quick as an unforgiving downpour before I barely caught a glimpse of her falling limp to the ground, the epiphany of glass breaking was dulled beyond layers and layers of fuzziness and I could only hear myself loud and clear.
I had a chance of staying conscious and held on to that hope as I carried on, "Helen Gould, my mother's name was Helen Gould." I beginning to have a harder time keeping track of what I was saying, "Having met you was so much of a coincidence,"
My vision blurred, I wasn't sure if I was crying or passing out. But I'm pretty sure she threw me pretty hard that I hit my head, chances of wrecking the Alpha bot was pretty high.
I heard a voice trying to say something but whatever it said, though nearby, felt muffled and distant. Faintly make out the images meshed together in my field of vision; it was hard to tell if fleshy blob monsters wanted to eat my brains or orange oversized amoebae where here to drown me.
Was I dying? As I tried to hang on to that piece of rope that held my conscious, I tried pulling myself out from a deep trance. I knew I could, my will power was swelling so greatly it was actually overwhelming.
But at the same time, the thought of letting go was just so easy.
Why should I bother going through all the troubles, when I could just simply let go?
I wonder what Emily would do when I'm gone, at least Ethan was there to watch over her. Guilt no longer registered in my brain, but my regrets did. I shouldn't have given up when I knew she was the enemy, but my better judgment got the best of me. If only we could start over, then maybe she would have tied the knot with me and eloped into the sunset.
Maybe in another life I would meet her again and then we could start our happy ever after. Happiness didn't have to end.
I would be the man she would marry; we probably would have two children and a dog named Dr. Finiakis. That might piss her off, but who cares. All I cared about was the life that could be waiting for me.
I saw a flash of light and after that, a comforting steady beat lulled me to sleep.
That simple thought alone was more than enough to comfort me.
*
Ethan's POV
By the time I got to the crime scene, Ares was lying unconscious on the ground, parallel to him was Robyn who recently collapsed like a rag doll.
I quickly checked for their pulses and it was mildly beating. Back up filed from behind me and we wasted no time as we gathered them in this rattled up laboratory.
Everything moved in a blur thereafter.
Ares suffered a concussion, his pons was somewhat damaged but thankfully the Alpha bot was running well it did half of the reparations while he underwent went surgery to mend broken bones and such.
Because of the great deal of drugs and upgraded Beta bots Ares injected into Robyn, she underwent shock and threatened to progress to a cardiogenic one. For a moment, I panicked because only Ares knew how to undo the process; thankfully Gibbs monitored his superior and managed to pick up a few things or two to help.
I was currently sitting in a bench in the middle of a white hallway next to a free swinging double-door that led to the Operating Room. Jabbing my hands into my pits I tried my best to stay calm. ERA's elite biological scientists have already done their part on the external parts of their Ares and Robyn's bodies five hours ago, while Gibbs was busy running through the bots' software at the moment right after I surrendered the Robin that controlled the nanobots ERA injected into Robyn.
All I could do now was wait.
Patience, they say, was a virtue.
But when it ran along the lines where it involved two important people and them being on the brink of death, it was a bigger challenge you set for yourself. I already lost so many people; I couldn't afford to lose more. Even I couldn't tell what would become of me if everyone I loved was taken away from me even more. Would you?
"You did exceptional actions back there, soldier," said a gruff voice. The tone it had in them reminded me of Marduk that I couldn't help but cringe, but at the same time, it had a more cordial touch to it, so it didn't exactly sound edgy and harsh.
A pair of silver gray pants stepped into my view, glancing up I saw a man in his late fifties brandishing graying hair fashioned in the typical military cut. My instincts of trying to kill this man instantly died out when I came to realize it wasn't Marduk. I need to keep myself in check. Unlike the Colonel, he had a much lively face and vivid green eyes that warmed me up from the cold empty pit forming in me.
His presence was strong, not intimidating like the favorite uncle children looked forward to meeting at every Christmas. His voice was firm, not harsh like a father's bass voice that would lull you to sleep every night. He didn't need those two escorts behind him to tell me how high up his rank was, nor did he have to wear those badges on his chest to show me how much he has done to serve this facility and country.
To show my respect, I stood firmly and saluted.
"At ease, soldier," he nodded his head once, "On behalf of the Amalgamated Research Constitution, we are inviting you to take part in our facility to serve our-"
"With all due respect sir," I came in to interrupt, his face grew stern as slight irritability grew evident in his eyes, but it also faded in a split second like it didn't matter at all, "you don't need to be so formal. I have already been serving your Firm, regardless of your permission. Should there have been any legal matters that I have deviated from, then I am apologizing-"
"Save it my boy," he raised a hand, he was chuckling and shaking his head. "I have been looking forward to this day where you would come back to us."
I had no idea what he was trying to say so I just smiled politely.
"It has been such a long time since I've seen you again... you look," he sighed, "you look just like your dad. He was a very good friend-pardon my manners, I'm General Denver Portley, I looked out for your brother,"
To be honest, I wasn't really in much of a mood to maintain small talk with this guy. It didn't matter who he was, good for him if he took care of Ares, I might consider thanking him sometime later for that--
"I also came to visit you to discuss some important matters regarding Robyn,"
Okay, now I'm interested.
"We are all well aware that she is just a civilian, so by protocol, we are required to wipe her memory clean and have her enrolled briefly for memory remapping, surely enough you have something similar to this in ERA, no?"
"No Sir, all witnesses are killed on sight," I answered flatly.
If General Portley was even the slightest bit surprised, he didn't show it. Instead, he just nodded once and murmured, "I see. Unfortunately, because of the foreign body introduced into her system by the late institution ERA, she is now enrolled for strict monitoring and further diagnostic procedures."
I had to admit I didn't like the way he said that. I knew what he meant, because I also witnessed what happened. While I was back in Marduk's office, I already spoke into the device, and only got as far as unlocking the system. I hurried back just in time and bumped into Gibbs as he began reprogramming Robyn before she managed to cut through Ares' neck.
It was the closest call I've ever had.
Until then, Robyn was just as harmless as a long forgotten minefield.
"Based on reports that I've received, it would only seem right if you watched over her until then. She may still be human, but there is still something inside her that considers her otherwise,"
"What do you mean?" I interjected almost immediately.
"I'm not so sure myself at the moment, but until then, we'll quarantine her from the outside world and everyone else other than you. Meaning absolute zero contact to anyone who knows her beyond these walls."
"You're letting her out after all this is over?" I couldn't help but smile a little.
"Maybe not, she's an asset to the facility, we can help her and she can help us like what you and your brother does," he winked at me. I nodded in agreement, I knew it was selfish to keep her nearby, but hey working in an awesome place such as ARC has a lot of perks.
Gibbs randomly tumbled out of the Operating Room's double doors, papers flew everywhere as he collided into me. He was pretty light, so I didn't bother. The impact was just as good as pillows being thrown at me.
"Ah, Gibbs, any news?"
"You bet, they're much better now!" He was laughing and crying at the same time he could pass off for a madman, "I can't believe it!"
I couldn't help but smile from ear to ear, "Can I see her?"
Everyone in the hall fell quiet, even Portley's soldiers who were exchanging man hugs stopped half way. Gibbs smile faltered as he pushed his oversized glasses back, "sure man, just be careful."
I didn't stay long to listen to him finish his words, blood was pumping throughout my body so vigorously I could hear my heart beat clearly. Inside was a huge room separated by green curtains, I peeked through the first one by instinct and there she was lying flat on bed sleeping ever so peacefully, right next to her was a big monitor just like last time as it took her vital signs. Nearby was an IV pole with a direct line that connected to her left hand.
Compared to the last time I saw her, I've never felt so relieved.
Her hair wildly framed her face, dark circles formed under her eyes stretching out from beneath long full lashes. Her skin was dry as parts of it were peeling, just like her lips that were pale and chapped. Once again she was garbed in a patient's uniform.
And so the nostalgia began.
The first time I saw her in the same piece of clothing, was the very first day Ares, she and I were together. The tension was richer then, and none meant well for us. She was still that clumsy, irritating banshee who knew so little about logic and common sense. Even I couldn't believe I managed to put up with that.
The second time she was in a patient's gown battling for her life then. Ares, Emily, Gibbs and I pushed ourselves to the limit just to save her from her destructive self. We managed to get her under control but at the expense of Emily's life. It was officially the second darkest moment in ARC's history, now a distant memory despite the event being fresh just a few hours ago.
And now here she was for the third time (and hopefully the last), free from all that changed her as the Robyn we all once knew. She wasn't that annoying banshee that didn't know any better other than sabotaging missions nor that blood-crazed weapon the enemy made.
As she slowly took her deep breaths in, I watched her stir. I didn't know what surprised me more; how quickly she regained consciousness or how much more vibrant her blue eyes became. She wasn't in a hurry to take in her surroundings as she focused on one thing at a time: the ceiling, the curtains... and then me.
The way she looked so intently right at me made the hairs on the back of my neck stand. My heart began a triathlon race in my chest as it rattled up my insides to flutter about in a queasy feeling. None of which I have ever experienced until now.
"Do you remember anything?" I asked slowly. It was a standard procedure to ask any agent this question after a life threatening injury that involved the brain. I wasn't sure what was affected in her body, but that question was pretty general and harmless to ask.
She slowly nodded.
"Tell me," I studied her intently, "what is your name,"
Her brows furrowed for a moment, then after a thoughtful pause, she answered: "Robyn,"
I nodded, turning to look over my shoulder. There stood a wide-eyed Gibbs, tightly hugging the metal chart against his chest, it was only then I noticed how his afro looked ridiculously out of place that he reminded me of a clown. Right next to him was an apprehensive General whom I also noticed was too big that the way they crowded the doorway made it impossible to pass through. I gave them the thumbs up and they both sighed in relief. It was pretty awkward to see a General move so relaxed, but I guess it would take some time getting used to.
"Actually," her voice croaked, "that really isn't my name,"
"You don't think so?" I turned back to look at her. I was honestly wondering what was going on in her mind right now.
She shook her head carefully, "I didn't know why, but Ares told me to just tell that to everyone."
"I'm pretty sure he meant to do you some good-"
"It's not that," I saw the color return to her face, was she blushing? "I want to start over, my name is Helen Van Haussen,"
Something in my body was swelling with something that made me feel all warm and nice that I had to bite my lip to keep myself from smiling like a maniac. "That was also my mother's name"
"Oh, were we related or something?" she asked quickly, I watched the horror glaze over her eyes. I actually laughed out loud, Jesus, she was every bit of the blonde you'd like to think.
"Keep it down there, can't a genius get some sleep?" Ares moaned from next door, I reached over to Robyn--I meant, Helen's extra pillow and tossed it through the curtains.
"Oof!" was the response I got, followed by a pillow that knocked me clean on the head. I laughed some more and shook my head.
"Aight bro, at least pretend you're not awake for a sec okay?" I joked.
"Whatever man, just keep it down,"
"So um..." she tried breaking the silence, I didn't mind. I almost started skipping to the edge of her bed had I not kept myself in check. I cleared my throat and returned the pillow I borrowed from her.
"Yeah?"
"Is it over?"
I shrugged, "for now I guess,"
There was another pause. I let my eyes wander around for a bit more, taking in sudden interest in the monitor that read Helen's profile. Pretending that I understood the readings, I folded my arms across my chest and thoughtfully rubbed my chin.
"Did you graduate?"
The question caught my by surprise at first, but then I chuckled.
Six months ago, graduating from the Academy meant so much to me; I would even put my life on the line. Ridiculous right? But what could I do, when all that ever mattered to me back then was recognition.
Right now, that seemed like a ridiculous idea I nearly found myself laughing a bit more. It took me a while to realize this, but sometimes in life, there would always be a reason why things didn't go the way you planned it to be. You might like to think Fate was playing games on you, but don't. Sure it might suck big time at first, but just soldier on. Trust me, things would get better towards the end.
I would know.
"Do you know what's better than being a drop out?" I asked, turning to face her.
"Um," she thought for a minute, "what?"
"Getting to start over with you,"

AUTHOR’S NOTES
Yay!!! I've finally finished my FIRST EVAR Wattpad story.
I would personally want to thank my sister, who took the time to read my story and share some opinions (lol, even if it was unwillingly at the time), and secondly to my awesome friend BLUEberryBIRD who was been with me through thick and thin throughout the novel.
Finally, I would also want to dedicate this novel to everyone out there who never stopped supporting me. The journey has finally come to an end, lolXD and the ride has been worth it being with you guys:3
You guys are the best!
Welp, as you may see, I've been nominated for the Watty Awards 2012, I've also considered pitching my work in for the Best Cast Award! So yea, I hope you continue to support my work and even when the Watty's end for the year 2012 I hope it doesn't end hereXD Keep reading on and share the love!
Yours truly,
Monopanda 

