The Don Quixote Sisterhood


A Kat Johnson Mystery


By William Wresch
Copyright 2022 William Wresch
Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Cover image by Carabo Spain from Pixabay


Executives at the IRS are under attack – by social media.  Some group called the Don Quixote Sisterhood is making claims – supposedly backed up by an insider at the NSA.  Calling herself Dulcinea, she releases information destroying careers and destroying any credibility of the IRS.  The FBI is called.  They quickly identify Dulcinea – Kat Johnson.
To shut down this Qanon variant and clear her name, Kat follows a woman from the State Department to Washington, Germany, and Moscow.  Only in Moscow does she understand it is all a trap.  She is to be used, and trapped in Russia the rest of her life.  With no hope of ever leaving, she becomes a Russian wife and mother.  Only then does she find a way home.  







Chapter 1
Hank Goes to Jail

On a bright sunny day in June, Henry Trenton knew his career was over.  He also knew how it was done – the death of a thousand paper cuts.  He didn’t know why it was done.  And he didn’t know he would be in jail by the end of the day.
He still had a supervisor’s office.  He had a view out over several dozen cubicles.  He still had a desk.  He still had a computer.  What he didn’t have was a reason for the office, the desk, or the computer.  The only thing he used in the office was his chair.  He arrived promptly at eight, and except for brief outings to a coffee pot, a rest room, and a lunch wagon, he used his chair until four thirty.
There had been a time.  Over twenty years.  He had been a rising star.  A nice man.  People called him “Hank.”  Even the newly hired called him Hank.  He was that sort of boss.  Brilliant.  Energetic.  A guy you could talk to.  And when he talked, people understood what he was saying.  Not all that common in the IT world.  But Hank never used jargon, always translated geek into English, and never made you feel uncomfortable with needing the translation.
He was the guy always assigned to the big system rollouts.  The guy who could work with the software vendors.  The guy who could manage the IT consultants.  The guy who could always find people willing to work on his projects.  Jobs got done on-time and on-budget.  And if you were on his team, you shared in the credit.
Now?  The annual Washington IT conference came and went.  He wasn’t invited.  In past years, he had presented.  This year he was still waiting for his travel expense reimbursement from last year.  An account number was wrong, or a signature in the wrong place, or it just got stuck in some in box.  
New projects were assigned.  But not to him.  People in the cubicles that once reported to him now reported to people down the hall.  The senior manager who once craved weekly meetings with him, now had a “crowded calendar.”  The monthly meetings for people at Hank’s level were often moved or changed and somehow the email notifications never arrived for Hank.
But it was worse when Hank stepped out of his office.  He was a ghost.  People he passed in the hall seemed to be focused on their phones.  If others were in line at the lunch wagon, they all needed to talk with each other, not with him.  Out in the parking lot, his car was keyed, but the real problem was seeing people purposely wait some distance away until he was out of the lot.
That morning, the phone that never rang, rang.  Gordon Chung.  Hank couldn’t place him, but he mentioned a conference they had both attended a couple years earlier.  Chung had attended Hank’s presentation and wanted to talk about some ideas from Hank’s talk.  Was Hank free after work?  Hank practically lunged though the phone.  They picked a restaurant/bar near the office.  Chung asked if Hank had an updated copy of the presentation Hank had made.  Of course.  Hank printed a copy and waited for four thirty.
Hank still didn’t recognize Chung when he saw him, but Chung came right up to him in the bar, and led him to a table.  So happy to see Hank again.  So interested in Hank’s work.  So flattered Hank had time to see him.  Drinks came.  Talk continued.  Hank took out the article he had printed, and pointed to one of the flow charts he had made.  Business process improvements.  He felt good to be talking again about using IT to improve business flows.  Tax returns handled in 40% less time.
Another drink.  Chung made an offer.  Could Hank do some consulting?  He wouldn’t have to travel, just review some of the work Chung was doing.  Look for better processes and better ways of explaining potential improvements.  No.  Hank made it clear.  Consulting was forbidden by the IRS.  Chung persisted.  Not even in the evening?  Just look at some papers?  Help Chung apply some of Hank’s ideas.  He would pay in cash.  He pulled an envelope from a pocket and slid it across the table.  It was a very thick envelope.  Hank smiled, thanked Gordon for the offer, and put two fingers on the envelope so he could slide it back across the table.  
Half a dozen cameras took pictures of Hank with his hand on the cash.  Four FBI agents and two local cops pounced.  Hank was handcuffed.  He spent the night in the Kansas City jail.  Three days later he took his own life.




Chapter 2
Summer in Wisconsin

Kat enjoyed her weekend workshops.  Four years’ experience had taught her which activities worked, and which didn’t.  Those that worked not only got repeated, but got improved.  Kayaking, for example.  The Pike River had been the right river to use, and now she knew the best places to put in, the places to rest, and the places most likely to cause problems.  She was confident she could lead an outing that would be exciting, but also safe.
She was also confident she had created a successful business.  The first years had been tough.  She had room for twelve weekend customers in her lodge.  Years one and two, she was lucky to get six or seven.  She also discovered the lodge, while huge and beautiful, was damn near impossible to heat.  Large windows, high ceilings, all the things that made the place attractive also kept her furnaces (she had three) running full time, and the propane tank always on the brink of empty.  Her military retirement pay was all that kept the lights on.
Things were somewhat better the third year, and then immensely better her fourth year.  Suddenly she was full every weekend.  And women came from much farther away.  Where her customers were mainly from Milwaukee and Madison the first years, now they arrived from out of state.  Many from Illinois, but some from as far away as Maryland and Virginia.  She charged five hundred dollar per weekend, and her bank account – and propane tank – filled.
This June weekend all twelve slots were taken.  All the women were eager and at least somewhat experienced.  More importantly, all the women listened.  Friday evening they sat in the great room of her lodge and watched her video of the river.  She paused it; they asked questions.  She explained the rhythms of the river – where they could relax, catch their breath, maybe even get a picture or two.  And the places where a series of rapids and rocks would require complete attention.  
Dangers?  Two places where drops were substantial.  She had shown that section of video several times, directing them to the best approach positions.  She showed several women cutting a perfect arc to get in position and then taking the drop squarely.   And she showed the women shouting and waving their paddle in the air after succeeding.  There would be some risk on the river, but there would be excitement and celebration too.  
She finished the video, looked around the room, and felt good about the group.  One last thing to do before going in to dinner.  Introductions.  This was to be a social weekend.  She wanted the women to know each other.  It was an essential element of her weekends.  Women could kayak anywhere.  Here they would kayak in a supportive environment – and make friends in the process.  Kat was certain it was the social aspects of her weekend workshops that were making them so popular.
Her process?  She had women pair up, talk to each other, and then introduce the other to the group.  She used the process every Friday before dinner.  It always worked.  It worked that Friday too, but in an odd way.  She could hear one pair getting loud.  One of the women was really excited by what she was hearing.  Kat had given the pairs two minutes to learn about each other.  This pair kept going.  Kat finally had to interrupt them.
“Ladies, maybe we should start with you.  What did you learn that you want to share with the group?”  
“She was a model.”  The woman doing the talking was mid-thirties.  Attractive.  Well dressed.  Kat guessed she had a successful career.  But she was looking at the other woman as if she was a movie star.
The other woman?  Late thirties, early forties.  Tall.  Kat guessed she was five ten or five eleven (Kat’s height), with broad shoulders and a mass of light brown hair cascading down her back.  She sat comfortably in a huge leather chair, looking like it had been designed for her.
Every head was turned in her direction.  All waited for the woman to continue the introduction.  Instead, the model waved a hand.
“It was a long time ago, and just for four years while I was in college.  Marie here is far more interesting.”  She pointed to her partner.  “She is an insurance underwriter and just evaluated a new ethanol plant outside Madison.  Her site inspection involved climbing to the top of a hundred foot silo.”
“Thank you.  But you should know that besides being a model, Anna was born and raised in Moscow, and now works for our State Department.”
“Thank you for sharing.”  Kat moved on to the next pair, but like all the others in the room, she found herself looking back at Anna.  Ten more women were named and introduced, and pleasant things were said.  But heads kept turning toward Anna.  The tallest woman in the room (when she stood she turned out to be half an inch taller than Kat), and the most interesting.
Dinner was in the formal dining room.  One more room built for the rich fishermen the original owner had hoped to lure to Wisconsin.  Big mistake.  But a beautiful lodge.  The dining room had oak wainscoting, an eighteen foot table built from joined four by eights, and a deer antler chandelier.  At the far end of the room, just above where Kat always sat was a massive musky.  Usually the fish or the chandelier became the primary object of conversation.  Not with a model in the room.
“I played volleyball for NYU.  New York is filled with designers, and they always need models.  They don’t care if you are a beauty.  They need tall and thin.  Virtually every woman on our team worked part-time for one designer or another.  My teammates lined me up with a small house.  They taught me how to stand, and how to walk, and I was hired.”
There were six women seated on each side of the table.  Anna had taken the chair at Kat’s right hand.  Kat could see volleyball in Anna’s shoulders, modeling in how she held her head.  Always in motion.  Always erect.  Always directed at one woman or another.  She looked, she smiled, she seemed to connect to each woman.  Kat saw easy confidence.  A woman who had charmed dinner tables for many years. 
Eventually conversation moved on.  Anna promised to demonstrate the model walk after dinner.  She then turned the room’s attention to Kat.  She asked about the lodge and about Kat.  Kat described the overly ambitious fishing guide who had built the lodge modeled on the great log lodges of Canadian fishing guides, only to discover he wasn’t as famous as he thought, and Amberg Wisconsin was on no one’s bucket list.  Four bankruptcies later, Kat had bought the place with her life savings and the help of her military retirement pay.
Anna persisted.
“And the concept of the weekends?”
“My brother teaches at a nearby university.  They have a program called ‘outdoors women.’  Mostly deer hunting.  Some fishing.  He suggested the concept.  I developed it, expanding to a much larger range of activities for women.”
“I think it’s brilliant.”  Anna patted Kat’s hand, and the other women nodded agreement.
Kat thanked Anna.  She noticed the hand stayed on hers.  Dinner continued.  Lois, the woman Kat hired to cater meals on the weekend, brought endless food, and several bottles of wine.  There were multiple conversations around the table, Lois brought more wine, and dinner lasted well into the evening.  Kat found herself looking at Anna.  Anna always seemed to know when Kat was doing so, and she always turned and smiled.
After dinner all the women wanted to be taught the model’s walk.  Anna showed them, and walked with them.  After all the wine they had drunk, none of the women were too shy to try.  Kat included.  Apparently the head mattered, and the hips mattered.  With the help of the wine, hips swung all across the great room.
Finally enough hips had swung enough times, and women took the open staircase up to the guest rooms.
Morning brought pancakes and kayaking.  And a perfect day on the river.  Yes, there were injuries.  A long abrasion as a forearm caught a rock coming through a chute.  Wounded pride as a woman was completely flipped coming over a four foot falls and had to go chasing down river after her kayak.  A very black and blue shoulder as a woman leaned too far into her paddle as she cut around a rock, only to have the current slam her against the rock.  Over all, nothing that couldn’t be managed by the first aid kit and Tylenol.  And lots of white wine around the evening bonfire.
Saturday had been perfect.  That came from experience.  Kat knew how much river was enough river, and how much river was too much river.  She knew where to place Lois, her driver and caterer, ready with food and dry clothes, but also ready with a camera to catch each woman midway through a rapids, paddle deep in the water, shoulders squared, face determined, every inch of her focused on that moment.  Pictures that would be framed for walls, or used as wallpaper for laptop screens.  Pictures that would be treasured.
There was one moment.  After the excitement of the day and the happy chatter over food and wine and the bonfire.  After the quiet that finally comes when the sun has set and the women have sung a dozen songs and told yet another story about their day.  When the day is done and the women know it is time to go back into the lodge and up to their beds.  But the day has been beautiful, and it feels a special kind of pain to end it.  That moment.  
At that moment Anna had walked up to Kat and kissed her.  No preparation or hesitation.  She had just walked up to Kat and kissed her on the lips.  Big smile and a “thank you” and she led the way back into the lodge.  The other women followed her example – no kiss on the lips, but hugs and cheek kisses, and many more “thank yous”.  And the day ended.  Kindness, gratitude, tenderness.  It was a special moment.  The end of a special day.
Her bed felt really good that night.  Kat was as tired as all the other women.  But she woke when she heard her front door open.  While guest suites were on the second floor of the lodge, her room was on the first floor and near the doors.  And, courtesy of multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, it took very little noise to wake her.  There were lights along the front of her lodge, so she had no trouble seeing a woman walk across her lawn, over the lake road, and to the pier jutting out into her lake.  Time?  A bit past midnight.  A woman having trouble sleeping?  Odd.  Kat had assumed all the women would be just as tired as she felt.  Apparently not this woman.
Kat stood at her window and watched.  The woman did not seem to be in distress.  She seemed to wander to the end of the pier, look around her, wander back a few steps, then return to the far end of the pier.  Not quite the movements of someone pulling guard duty, but similar.  Back and forth.  Stop, look, walk again.
A woman working out a problem.  That was Kat’s best guess for what she was seeing.  Should Kat go out and join her?  Ask about it?  Try to help?  Or give the woman the space she needed?  Kat stood at her window for ten or fifteen minutes.  She reminded herself these were grown women.  The woman didn’t seem to be in distress.  Not an easy conclusion to reach at this distance and with limited light, but nothing in her body language seemed to suggest pain, anger, or despair.  Just a woman standing on a pier, looking out into the night.  So Kat went back to bed.
Kat was up at dawn.  She heard her front door again.  The woman coming back in.  Kristi.  They looked at each other.  Just a glance.  A quick smile.  Then the woman walked back through the great room and up to her suite.  Her expression?  Complete calm.  No sense of fatigue.  A hint of satisfaction.  Whatever puzzle she had been exploring out on the pier, she seemed to have resolved it.
The rest of the morning had gone well.  Sunday mornings always did.  Lois, the lady who catered for Kat, made blueberry pancakes.  Women came down from their rooms and filled the formal dining room.  They ate far more pancakes than they would normally touch.  They talked about the kayaking of the day before, and they joked about their future as models.  
Breakfast lasted forever.  There were stories to tell and pancakes to eat.  The punchline of the morning was, “well, maybe, just one more.”  There was always one more pancake, and always one more laugh.
When that weekend’s women finally went out into the sunshine of that June morning, Kat presented them with no agenda, but plenty of options.  As was often the case, the group split.  Four women wanted to walk around the lake.  Not a real challenge.  The lake was about eighty acres in size.  The road circling it was about a mile in length.  An easy walk, and an opportunity to get out their phones and take pictures of the lake and of the lodge.  And pictures of each other as they walked and talked.
The other women wanted to get back in their kayaks, but they would take the lake rather than the river.  Kat expected them to paddle to the other end and back, but instead, one thing led to another, and they danced.  It was hard to know what else to call it.  Anna and another woman started it by curving out from each other, completing a circle, and meeting together again.  A pattern was set.  Then, without a word being said, the rest of the women turned circles, met, turned away, circled again, and met again.  
Kat had her phone with her, and captured what she would later call a “kayak ballet.”  It started with circles, then moved to intertwining spirals, then circles inside circles.  The movements kept getting more elaborate, but also more graceful.  Arcs within arcs, gradual flows in one direction then another.  Kat wondered if they were attempting to create a daisy.  There was laughter, and a cheer as a complex shape seemed to evolve and then explode out into more shapes.  It was beautiful, and fascinating, and it went on for over an hour.  Kat captured as much as she could, knowing after she texted the file to each of the women, it would go straight to her Facebook page.
Lunch was sandwiches on the beach, and then the women left – eventually.  There were bags to pack upstairs, and kayaks to strap into frames on rooftops, and new friends to hug, and pictures to text, and more women to hug.  Kat helped with the loading.  At five eleven, she was great at heaving kayaks up into frames.  She also texted, and hugged, and talked.  It was around one when the first woman brought a load out to a car, and well after two before the first car actually pulled out of the lot.  Pretty standard for Kat’s weekends, and, from Kat’s perspective, a great indication that one more workshop had been a success.
As Kat waved to one more set of taillights, she felt a hand in hers.  Kristi.  Wearing a yellow cotton sundress and a smile.
“I want to thank you for this weekend.  It was everything I hoped it would be.”  She hugged Kat with such intensity a smaller woman might have been hurt.
“I am glad it worked for you.  You seemed to handle your kayak well.”  Kat submitted to the hug, but straightened herself, slowly pulling herself away from the smaller woman.
“That was important.  A test.  A beginning.  Last night was important too.”
“I saw you out on the pier last night.”
“It was my vigil.”  
“Your vigil?”
“I think you know.”  Kristi hugged Kat again.  This time she whispered in her ear.  “I won’t let you down, my Dulcinea.”
Kat wasn’t sure if she had heard that final word correctly.  “Dulcin something?”  She would have asked Kristi to repeat it, but Kristi was gone.  Big hug, quiet whisper, off to her car.  Quick wave, big smile, and the car was already out of the drive.
Kat waved a final good bye and wondered.  What had she heard?  She repeated several variants of the word, but none of them made sense.  The closest she could come to a real word was “Dulcimer,” which she thought was a musical instrument.  Or had the word been “sin”?  Some special kind of sin related to her vigil?  How did that make sense?  
Kat watched the car disappear onto the town road, off to Highway 141 and all points south.  Whatever the woman had said, well, life had mysteries and this one would be added to her list. 
Anna was last to leave.
“I knew this weekend would be fabulous, so I have also signed up for next weekend.  I will see you again on Friday.” 
It seemed odd for Kat to stand opposite a woman as tall as herself.  
“I hope you will teach the model walk again.  It was a real treat.”
“I will.”  
Suddenly Anna’s arms were around Kat neck, and her mouth was on Kat’s.  It was a gentle kiss.  Long.  As if the women had kissed many times before and were completely comfortable to stand together in each other’s arms.  Kat was unsure how to respond.  She put her hands on Anna’s sides.  She neither pushed her away, nor pulled her closer.
“I hope you don’t mind that I did that.”  Anna kept her face close to Kat, her voice low.  “I am such an admirer of yours.  You have done so much, and do so much.  No wonder women flock to you.”
“Anna, it’s just a fishing lodge.”
“Of course.”  Anna smiled, kissed Kat again, and this time pressed Kat with her hips.  It was just a moment.  Just a touch.  Then Anna was gone.  Back to her car and off to her home.
Kat watched the final set of taillights head south.  It had been a good weekend.  A very good weekend.  But it had also been confusing.  “Dulcinea”?  And Anna.  Coming back for another weekend.  Kat could feel where the woman had pressed her hips against her.  Would there be more of that on Friday?  She knew she wanted more.  She was not confused about that.  She wanted more.    


 Chapter 3
A Barmaid again

Wednesday Kat tended bar.  Kat’s lodge was a few miles outside Amberg, Wisconsin.  Amberg was a tiny town in northeastern Wisconsin, just ten miles from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.  Northeast Wisconsin and the UP were in a race to see which could lose their population fastest.  Amberg was winning.  Once a much larger town, it was now down to twenty homes and three businesses.  The three businesses huddled together on one side of Main Street, surrounded by empty lots and across from an abandoned rail line.
Kat’s bar was one of the three businesses.  And it was the newest.  The former bar had lasted for nearly a century before being smashed by a girl in a car.  The new bar was the same size and same design, but the insurance payout meant this version had plumbing and wiring to code.  Toilets always flushed, and the toaster oven no longer popped all the circuit breakers.
Kat worked Wednesdays three to ten.  Not for the money.  Jim (son of the bar owner) paid her nine dollars per hour plus tips.  Since she averaged about fifteen dollars in tips each Wednesday, her income for her day was pathetic.  So why work there?
The bar was the social center for the town.  It stood adjacent to a tiny restaurant open for breakfast and lunch, and a party store open when the owner was bored sitting at home.  The bar was where you stopped after work, or where you watched a game on TV.  The town school had closed half a century earlier, and the town church had been gone over a decade.  So, if you wanted to meet your neighbors, or just sit in the company of others, you came to the bar.
Kat had lived outside Amberg for three years and had been dating Jim for two years when he had asked her to fill in at the bar one night.  She had discovered she knew almost no one in town.  Now, while pouring beer, she could meet people, most of whom were fairly interesting.  The main industry in town was collecting Social Security, but for those who still worked, logging was the main enterprise.  Young guys would come in at the end of a long day, sawdust still caught in their hair, and tell her about their work.  Older guys would tell her about the history of Amberg, and about where to find the best fishing.  Kat poured beer and listened.  She also shook hands and learned names.  One day a week she became part of the local community.
And then there was Jim.  Three years of an on-again off-again relationship.  Engaged for several months.  Parted for somewhat longer.  Now they were back to what could best be called an “intermittent” relationship.  She agreed to work for him one day a week, and when the bar closed at ten, she put the day’s receipts in a bank bag and drove to his apartment in Wausaukee.  And that one evening a week they were together.
That Wednesday Kat bagged up around two hundred dollars, drove her twelve passenger minibus to Jim’s apartment, and walked into his arms.  She had to give him that.  It might only be one night a week, but he said the right things, and did the right things.  She had worn a yellow sundress.  He had smiled, put his hands where she wanted them, and slowly raised her skirt.  After that, it was just a few steps across his tiny apartment, and they were in his bed.
Conversation?  Not initially.  They undressed each other, got under the covers, and he took his position – on her, in her, his hands on each side of her face holding her while he kissed her.  And then he stopped.  Kat waited for him to start moving in her.  She was certainly ready.  Apparently he was not.
“Well, you have my attention.  Do you have plans for me tonight?”  She looked up into his face and waited.  He was warm, and large, and apparently ready to go.  But.
“I was thinking about us today.”
“Jim, I arrived wearing a dress.  A dress I thought you would like.  So guess what.  I was thinking about us too.”
“I was thinking this works.”
“What works?”
“Us getting together one night a week.”
“You mean as opposed to getting married.”  Kat moved her hands to his hips, wondering if she should push him off her.
“Kat, I have asked you twice.  Once you took several months to give back my ring.  Once you said ‘No’ before I had finished asking.  And we have had our share of fights.”
“You mean times when you were fucking your bartenders or dating other teachers at your school.”
“Your bed hasn’t been empty.  I’m not at all sorry Lisa went back to Amy.  She was a complete whack job.  But think about this.  For the last four months, there have been no engagement rings, but also no fights.  Maybe what we have now is the arrangement that works best for us.”
“If I agree, will you finish what you are doing?”
He smiled, kissed her, and then did finish what he was doing.  And it felt pretty good.  Kat held him close when he was done, and stayed close as they slept.
They didn’t talk much in the morning.  But they took a long shower together.  School was out for the summer, so he had plenty of time.  And, since he was a biology teacher, he seemed to know his way around women.  They were both big people.  Kat was five eleven, Jim six three.  Both former basketball stars.  Both with the stamina to steam up their bathroom.
When they were done, Jim got dressed.  Kat didn’t.  Her clothes filled two drawers of Jim’s dresser.  She pulled out a long satin nightgown and wore that as she made breakfast.  Why?  Maybe a challenge.  Was one night a week really enough for him?  She made eggs and toast and sat close to him as they ate at the end of his kitchen counter, a meager extension the rental description no doubt called a “breakfast bar.”  It was really just an extra foot of kitchen counter, but it worked.
He looked down the top of her nightgown, and kept a hand on her thigh.  And she wondered what she was doing.  Seduction?  To what end?  To maybe get him for two nights a week?  It occurred to her, maybe this wasn’t about him at all.  Maybe she was just practicing.  Checking to see if a lover would want to see her forty six year old chest.  Want to see her ass wrapped in satin.
She cleaned his kitchen after breakfast, and then stripped his bed and did a couple loads of laundry.  He sat reading.  She strode past him time after time.  He always looked up, and he always smiled.  She sat on his lap after she made his bed.  Pushed his book out of the way and pressed her satin covered breasts into his chest.  She grabbed a fist full of hair and pulled his head back.
“You are right.  We aren’t fighting.  But there’s a lot more we aren’t doing.”  She lowered her head and kissed him.  “And, I’m worth more than one night a week.”
She got up, got dressed, and was out the door.  He was still in his chair.  But he watched every move she made as she crossed the room.



Chapter 4
A New Friend

Friday would began another workshop – fly fishing.  This one was a challenge to lead.  Kat was self-taught and not completely comfortable with her own technique.  Her guests often struggled.  Kat always spent Thursdays before this workshop on the shore of her lake practicing.  This Thursday she drove back from Jim’s apartment angry at Jim, doubting herself, unhappy with the state of the world.  She didn’t spare a thought for fishing.
A car was waiting in her parking lot.  As she approached, she saw Anna get out and wave.  Kat drove past, parked her bus in the garage, and walked back to see her.  Anna was a day early.  Kat preferred guests not arrive until late Friday afternoon.  But, it was Anna.  Kat walked up to her, Anna threw her arms around Kat’s neck, and they kissed.
“I came a day early.  I have a room at the Hilton Resort.  Would you like”
“Yes.”
Kat got into her car.  It was a fifteen minute drive to the resort.  Kat spent it talking about Jim.
“We have been dating about three years.  At one time we were engaged.  But he was always seeing other women.  And I guess I was too.  These days we see each other once a week.”  
Kat’s description continued as they drove through miles of aspen forest and finally arrived at the resort.  The hotel was on an island in the Menominee River.  A big island.  It held a nine hole golf course, and a fairly large four star hotel.  Mostly it hosted wedding receptions.  Kat was still talking about Jim as Anna parked and led her through the hotel to her room.  Once in the room, Anna put a hand under Kat’s ass, lifted her, and carried her to her bed.
“This morning I did his laundry while still in a night gown.”
Anna lay on top of Kat, reached past her, and pulled the case off a pillow.  She rolled it up, shoved it in Kat’s mouth, and held it in place.
“Did you ever date a divorcee who talks about her ex?  You pay for dinner and drinks and she talks about him.  There is never a second date.”
Her face was right over Kat’s.  She waited for an answer, but of course Kat was gagged.
“If you want a second date, you will roll over onto your stomach.  I will tie this gag, and bind your wrists, and we will hear no more of Jim.  You decide.”
Kat looked up at Anna, hesitated, then nodded.  She wanted a second date.  She rolled over onto her face.  Anna knotted the gag at the back of her neck, unzipped her dress, then used another pillow case to bind her wrists.
“Now roll onto your back.”
Kat did as she was told.
“This is the end of Jim and the start of Anna.  Now close your eyes, spread your legs, and get ready.”
Anna pulled Kat’s dress and bra down around her waist, and pushed her skirt up.  She lay on Kat, one hand up covering her eyes, the other pushing up under her skirt.  Her mouth started on Kat’s forehead, but slowly moved lower and the hand on her thigh moved higher.  Kat was already moaning by the time Anna took one of her breasts in her mouth and her hand slid up tight between her legs.  A moment later, Kat was gasping for breath.
Anna spent the next hour making Kat sweat, gasp, and moan, before finally bringing her to orgasm.  When she was done, she lay at Kat’s side and pulled Kat’s head onto her shoulder.  She held her there for much of the morning before untying her gag.
“You used to be Jim’s girl.  Now you are my girl.  True?”
“Yes.”
“Say it.”
“I am your girl.  Jesus, Anna, I thought I would explode.”
Anna held Kat’s shoulders with one arm.  The other slowly stroked her hair.
“I pleased you?”
“Yes.  God yes.  You pleased me.”
“Tell me about you name.  Why Kat?  Some coach?”
“Yes.  In college.  If I was hot, he would shout to the guards – feed Kat.”
“I don’t like the name.  I don’t think it suits you.  Kats are aloof.  Narcissistic.  Lazy.  I see you as Catherine.  Much more feminine.  And you are… very feminine.”
“Thank you.”
“I asked a question.  Now you get to ask one.”  Anna continued to stroke Catherine’s hair.  She kissed her forehead.
“At introductions last week, she said you were born in Russia, but work for the State Department.  Are you American, or Russian?”
“Russian.  The Moscow embassy employs dozens of us.  ‘Host country nationals.’  We do much of the clerical work.  I handle visa applications.  Sometimes they bring me to Washington if they need help with a backlog.”
“So, how long do I get you?”
“I can extend my vacation a very long time.”
“Good.”  Catherine turned her face and kissed Anna’s neck.
The afternoon passed with them lying side by side.  Anna held Catherine close.  Her other arm sometime stroked Catherine’s hair, sometimes her ass.  Catherine liked both, and said so.  She leaned into Anna and often kissed her neck.  She never asked for her wrists to be untied.  
Near dinner time Anna suggested they visit the restaurant.  Catherine’s dress was a complete mess, but she and Anna were essentially the same size.  Anna freed her wrists and they both put on cocktail dresses that Anna had packed.  Far too nice for Amberg, Wisconsin, but Catherine liked how she looked for Anna.  And, she was very pleased with how Anna looked for her.
The hotel had a fancy bar.  All oak and brass.  They had a glass of wine there.  They were approached by several men, spoke briefly, then left them behind.  The restaurant was well decorated and had a wall of windows looking out onto a flower garden and the golf course.  The food was good.  They didn’t notice.  Both dresses were very low cut, and the women looked down each other’s dress, smiled, and went back to talking about nothing.
Dinner was an interruption.  They both wanted to be back in their room.  They got there fast enough.  Anna pulled satin nightgowns from her suitcase, and they were both quickly changed.
“Wine me, dine me, fuck me?”  Catherine stood close to Anna, one hand touching her shoulder.
“Say please.”  Anna took Catherine’s face in her hands.  She waited.
“Please.” 
“Catherine, say it like you mean it.   I want to hear desire.”
“Anna, really.  You drove me crazy this morning.  I am desperate to feel like that again.  Please, take me.”  Catherine rolled over onto her stomach, put her hands behind her and waited.  “Will you always bind my wrists?”
“I don’t want you worrying about how you will please me, or how you should move.  You will lie still.  I will drive you crazy, and you will be glad you are my girl.”
That was a good description of how the night went.  
In the morning they pulled sundresses from Anna’s case.  Catherine sat in the car while Anna checked out.  The drive was spent discussing the weekend.
“Will you sleep in my room?”
“I will if you invite me.”
“Anna, please sleep in my room.  We can tell the other guests you are an old college friend.”
“Tell them whatever you wish.”
At the lodge, Anna unpacked her suitcases in Catherine’s room, then wandered through the lodge.  Catherine did a final cleaning of the fly rods and oiled the reels.  Inside she did a check on guest rooms, and carried more towels into each room.  Anna joined her in one of the rooms.
“One of your guests left a book behind.”  She pointed to a very thick blue paperback sitting on one of the dressers.
“Yes, they do that sometimes.”
“The same paperback is in three bedrooms.”
“It is?”
“Yes.  And you have five more copies in your library.”
“That’s where I put books guests leave behind.  There are often one or two left behind.”
“Eight identical books, Catherine.  Doesn’t that seem odd?”
“I thought it was some book club, like Oprah’s club.”
“Did you look at the book?”
“Yes, it’s Don Quixote.  See?”  Catherine pointed to the book.
“Have you looked inside?”
“No.”  Catherine picked up the book and opened the cover.

Dulcinea-
I admire you.  I will serve you.
Kristi

“I don’t understand.”  Catherine held the book so Anna could see the inscription.
“Maybe you should read the book.”
“Maybe.  But first I need to make us lunch and then vacuum the great room.”  
Catherine carried the book down to the library (really just a small room designed to be a card room for the rich fishermen), and then made lunch.



Chapter 5
Another Weekend

Guests were already arriving mid-afternoon.  Catherine greeted women out front, got bags up to rooms, and then rushed back down for the next arrival.  When the eleventh arrived, the real challenge began.  The fly fishing agenda was crowded, but she could find no way to simplify.  The women for this workshop almost never had done fly fishing before, so she had to start from basics.  And that took time.
First step – as soon as the last woman had arrived, Catherine got them all out to her lake.  Twelve women.  Two were in their mid-thirties.  The others were late forties and even a few in their fifties.  Catherine gave them each a fly rod, explained the many differences from more typical fishing rods, then made a few casts.  Each cast she made slowly, talking through the motions she was attempting with her shoulder and her wrist.
The women were patient.  They stood, they listened.  Complete attention.  Then Catherine moved them along the edge of her beach, and worked with them one at a time.  Her pathetic lake was perfect for practice.  No trees at her end to catch their lines.  Eighty acres of open water.  Room to put twenty or thirty feet of space between each woman.  Room to drop a line over and over.  One woman even caught a small pan fish.
Anna mixed in with the other women.  One difference?  Hips.  The hips of a model.  She moved hers far differently than the other women.  It may not have made for better casts, but it made for a better show.  A private show.  Anna caught Catherine watching.  She smiled, winked, and went back to casting.
General Problems?  Technique.  All the women had the shoulders needed for the casts.  Wrists were the challenge.  Laying the line lightly across the water took control.  The wrist had to be perfect.  That took practice.  It also created a strain.  Catherine had to balance the need for practice against the soreness some would feel in the morning.  She spent an hour walking from woman to woman, watching, instructing, encouraging.  But she stopped after an hour.
Their reward was snacks and wine in the great room.  Guests always loved the room.  Two stories tall, it featured a huge stone fireplace, and a wall of windows overlooking the lake.  One wall had a wide stairway up to the guest suites.  Another wall had a bar in oak and oak veneers.  And, like every other group, these guests loved the huge leather chairs.  Originally purchased to fit large men, the cushions were so soft the women just sank in, leaned against one chair arm or another, and talked.
Unlimited wine was included in the workshop fee, and Catherine set out fruit plates.  She mixed, women mingled, they did the paired introductions, and by dinner time everyone knew everyone.  Another happy, social, group.  Lois did her usual marvels with dinner, and as always, the formal dining room both impressed and amused.  Wainscoting combined with deer antlers and a mounted fish.  Anna sat to Catherine’s right, everyone talked, everyone had at least one more glass of wine than they might normally have.  Dinner was a success.
After dinner Catherine moved them to the huge work table in the kitchen.  They would make the flies they would use in the morning.  Each woman got a vise, hooks, feathers, and thread.  Catherine spread enlarged drawings of common flies across the table, and women got right to work.  Knots were a problem, as was the size of many flies, but within an hour each woman had something that was at least acceptable.
And artistic.  Catherine’s business concept – Outdoor Experiences – was to give women more opportunities to engage in outdoor activities and sports.  And do it amongst women.  No mansplaining.  But.  She did not want to just repeat the same things men did.  Women had their own interests and preferences.  So, even when she had women do the same thing men did, she included a feminine touch.  Like sitting for an evening with a group of women and working with feathers.  Did the flies they created perfectly match the current insect hatch found on the local streams?  Mostly.  But all of them were interesting, and would look good when the women took them home or to their office.  
So.  First evening, a productive evening.  A colorful evening.  The weekend was off to a good start.  But.  Woman had driven some distance.  They had been busy casting and tying.  Kat never pushed.  These were vacation weekends.  A few woman stayed on to tie yet another fly, but most wandered back to the great room and back to another glass of wine.  And soon, they drifted up to their rooms.  
Catherine ventured up a bit later.  A final check on adequate towels and blankets.  Two of the women greeted Catherine in very tiny night gowns.  And there was a look.  An invitation.  One of the women stepped forward with a copy of the Quixote book.
“I think one of your other guests left this behind.”  She held out the book, standing very close, looking up at Catherine.
“Thank you.  You are welcome to keep it if you wish.”
“Oh no.  I have my own copy.  I love it.  He is such an interesting character.  And he does so much for Dulcinea.”
“Yes.”  Catherine smiled, took the book, and backed away.
Anna was waiting for her downstairs.  Very little light.  Very little night gown.  She handed something of a similar size to Catherine, waited for her to change, then bound her wrists and began fondling her.
“What if I just promise to keep my hands to my sides.  Then you won’t have to bind my wrists."
“Lie still and tell me you love me, or I will gag you as well.”
Within a few minutes Catherine was telling her of her love and her pleasure.  She repeated it for an hour while Anna drove her crazy.  Finally Anna wrapped her arms around Catherine, held her tight, and the two women slept.  As she was drifting off, it occurred to Catherine she had wasted three years with Jim.  Anna was the one.  But one day soon Anna would leave, Catherine would be Kat again, and Jim would be her love again.  And Catherine wanted to scream.
Saturday Catherine loaded the women into her minibus and drove to a place on the Pike River where the women could cast out their lines with little interference from overhanging branches.  It went pretty well.  Mosquitoes were annoying, but the trout cooperated.  The women used catch and release.  Release came after the poor trout had posed for dozens of pictures.  Finally, and carefully, the trout was lowered back into the river to snap its tail and shoot quickly back into shelter beneath the river bank.
They spent all day along the river.  They had a picnic lunch, took time to relax along the river, had quiet conversations, and soaked up the sun.  Eight women caught trout.  Four women didn’t.  A better than average afternoon.
Catherine was thinking of winding things up and getting back to the lodge when one of the women – Emily - asked a question.  At first, Catherine didn’t know what to think of it.  It was personal, and she hesitated to answer.  Here was the question:
“Kat, if you don’t mind, could you tell us why you joined the army?”
Everything in the woman’s voice indicated she was asking a serious question.  Catherine waited, wondering if Emily would offer an explanation for her curiosity.  But she simply looked at Catherine.  Catherine noticed several other women had heard the question and had turned to see what Catherine would say.  The answer was not simple.  Catherine struggled with how to begin.
“First, I was seventeen.  Almost thirty years ago.  So if you are looking for pithy insights, remember, you are looking back at a seventeen year old’s thinking.  Second, I don’t think any decision happens for one reason, not even the reason the person thinks is so important at the time.”
“I think I get that.”
“Good.  Because I will walk you through my thinking, at least to the extent I can remember it, but I don’t think you are going to be impressed.”
“Thank you.”
“It starts with a boy.”  Catherine paused and let that float in the air a moment.  Now more of the women were listening, and several smiled.
“We both played basketball in high school.  He was good, I was better.  I was getting scholarship offers to Division 1 universities, he didn’t.  But he had the grades to get into Madison.  We were dating.  Occasionally at first.  Homecoming.  Prom.  A few parties.  By the summer after high school, we were like rabbits.  My mother got me on the pill, and his parents bought him a truckload of condoms.  Good thing, or I would have been pregnant before my freshman year.  Get the idea?”
“Yes.”  The women weren’t laughing, but they were all obviously enjoying the story. 
“I had offers from some pretty good schools, including UW Madison.  Guess which school I picked.”
“He was going to Madison, so you did too.”
“I would have followed him anywhere.  Thank God he at least picked a good school.”
“And the army?”
“He joined ROTC.”
“So you…”
“I told you - seventeen.  Thinking like a seventeen year old.  So now I had basketball practice after class, and ROTC assemblies before breakfast.  And I had him most nights.  Why I didn’t flunk out is one of life’s mysteries.”
All along the shore heads were nodding.  
“I told you there are multiple reasons for any decision.  So let me add a few.  First, I was taller than most boys, flat chested, and had a constant row of zits across my chin.  There had been no boys before Steve.  No party invitations.  Steve was my first lover, and I was pretty sure he would be my only.  I loved him, and I was desperate not to lose him.  Second, I was good enough for college ball, but not good enough for the WNBA.  I needed something after college.  Third, once I was in ROTC, I liked it.  I liked the discipline.  I liked the exercise.  I liked being good at the drills.  And, I was proud to wear the uniform.”  
“Here’s the end of the story.  By the end of my sophomore year, Steve had found someone prettier.  He quit ROTC.  I spent the summer in Georgia going through Basic.  I set a new record on the obstacle course, and I gave two other newbies concussions during hand to hand.  That was the start of my military career – a boy who dumped me.”
Suddenly everyone had a story.  The boy who did this.  The boy who did that.  But the stories generally turned out like Catherine’s – some version of - because of him I majored in pre-med, or I passed the CPA exam and he is still bookkeeping.  In the next round of stories it was worst breakup dates.  Then the silliest thing any boy ever said.  There was plenty of laughter, and plenty of pride.
They were still telling stories when Catherine got them back on the bus.  It was fun.  It was interesting.  But Catherine found Anna looking her way, and she had to wonder what Anna had thought of her story.  
Dinner was fun.  Women had plenty of wine, made jokes about Catherine’s musky, and more jokes about boys.  They sat at the table well into the evening.  But they had been outdoors all day, and fatigue finally got them.  One by one they went upstairs to bed.  It had been a long day.  
Back in their bedroom Anna got Catherine changed into yet more satin, turned the lights low, and this time didn’t bind Catherine’s wrists.
“I know the question about the army was personal, and not easy to answer, but your answer was amazing.  You are a real person.  I loved you before.  I can’t begin to tell you how much I love you now.”
“Enough to stay a few more days?  Please?”
“Maybe more than a few.”  Anna was strong.  She wrapped her arms around Catherine and held her tight all night.  Catherine kept them both awake with her kisses.
Sundays always went well.  Fresh blueberries, stacks of pancakes, a breakfast that lasted half the morning.  As always, Catherine scheduled nothing.  Women would do what women wanted to do.  That Sunday, somehow Catherine found herself walking around the lake.  Talking.  All twelve women were with her.  All twelve women listened.  Catherine talked.  No specific topic.  Just things that came to her.  They came to a section of forest that had recently been logged.  She talked about the local logging industry.  They came to the empty cabins at the far end of the lake.  She talked about tourism.  She saw things, she talked about them.  And twelve women listened.  No one matched her stories.  No one responded, “well, where I come from tourism is…”  She talked, she walked, they listened.
Back at the lodge, Lois had put out pitchers of lemonade and a platter of sandwiches.  Adirondack chairs lined one section of Catherine’s beach.  They were quickly pulled together, and Catherine kept talking.  The history of Amberg.  What it had once been, the reasons for its demise.  The history of her business.  Some of the most and least popular workshops.  It seemed the women were interested in anything and everything Catherine chose to speak about.  If she paused, someone would ask a question, and she would begin again.  For hours.
Finally, about midafternoon she gently pushed people away.  She got up and promised to help them get bags to their cars.  She was up and down the stairs a dozen times, helped load cars, and still no one left.  There were endless hugs, thanks, and cheek kisses.  
And, four of the women used the word “Dulcinea.”  “You are the perfect Dulcinea.”  “I am so grateful to have finally met you, Dulcinea.”  “Thank you for all you do, Dulcinea.”  “Dulcinea, I would not have missed this weekend for the world.”
The first two times, Catherine thought she had misheard the women.  The last two she asked, “What?”  Their response?  A finger to their lips and “Sorry, I said nothing.”  Followed by a huge smile.
Eventually the last bags were loaded, the last hugs completed, the final comments made.  Tail lights.  Catherine saw eleven sets leave the parking area and begin the long drive south.  One woman left.  Anna.


Chapter 6
Catherine is Arrested

The weekend had been spent in jeans and polo shirts.  Women always asked for clothing recommendations.  Catherine always posted it on the website and adhered to it herself.  Anna had changed.  She was now wearing a gauze thin yellow dress.  Short sleeves, puff shoulders, scoop neckline, a skirt that didn’t reach her knees.  She sat on the porch glider, her bare feet pulled up under her.  She looked as if she sat in that spot every day, enjoying the shade and the breeze.  The minute the last car was on its way, Catherine strode toward that glider. 
“Do I get to keep you a little longer?”
Anna patted the cushion next to her.  “We should talk about that.”
It wasn’t a very big glider.  Kat took a seat.  Anna turned toward her, her legs now brushing up against Kat’s.  One of her hands took Kat’s hand.  The other slid behind Kat along the top of the glider.  It rose up and held Kat’s neck.
“Catherine, before those men get out of their car, I need to know if you are Dulcinea.”
Catherine saw a dark sedan slide around the curve of Lake Road and come to a stop at the end of her drive.
“Men?”
As the women watched, three large men in dark suits got out of the car and stood looking towards the lodge.
“They are federal marshals.  They are here to arrest you.  So am I.”
Catherine moved away from Anna, only to have Anna clamp down on her hand and on her neck.  
“It’s better if you stay still.  Please, Catherine.  Just sit with me.  Sit and listen.”
Catherine froze in place.
“A man died Wednesday.  Hung himself in his basement.  Kansas City IRS.  Up until his death, what people saw from the Quixote sisterhood was libelous, but just one more weird conspiracy at a time when we seem to have endless weird conspiracies.  But a man died.  A line was crossed.  A judge has ordered your arrest.  Now, sit still, and I will show you the arrest warrant and the search warrant.”
Anna hesitated, then let go of Catherine’s hand.  She reached into the pocket of her sundress and pulled out several pieces of paper.  She gave them to Catherine.  Catherine took them and gave them a quick inspection.  She had seen many such warrants in her military career.  She looked for a charge, a judge’s name, the defendant’s name.  She thought her heart would stop when she saw her own name.
“You would do this?  Thursday you bed me, Sunday you bust me?  What the hell, Anna.”  She stared at Anna.
“I want you to hold up the warrants and wave them in front of my face.  But.  Do not do anything that appears to be a threat to me.  That is important.  Be angry, but not threatening.”
“Have you lost your mind?”
“Good.  Now yell that you are innocent.”
“Of course I am innocent.  I am not Dulcinea.  I don’t know a soul in Kansas City.”
“Louder.”
“What are you deaf?  I don’t know a soul in Kansas City.  I am not Dulcinea.”
“This will proceed one of two ways.  You and I will talk, or you and they will talk.”  She was loud.  She pointed towards the black car.
“You of course.”
“I need a promise from you.”  Loud again.  Like she was talking across a crowded room.  “No attempt to leave.  They will return tomorrow.  You will still be here.  You will wave Miranda and talk to me.  You will tell me everything.”
“There is nothing to tell you.”
“You aren’t hearing me, Catherine.  I need to hear two things.”
“Okay.  I won’t try to leave, and I wave my Miranda rights.  I will tell you all I know.  But I know nothing.”
Anna signaled the men.  They got back in their car and drove off.  
“Good.  So far.”
“What is good?  Anna, you take me into some sexual frenzy, and then arrest me?  What the hell?”
“I decided a week ago you were innocent.”
“Then why arrest me?”
“Catherine, I’m not arresting you.  I’m getting you the hell out of here.  The marshals are scheduled to return tomorrow after I have completed interviewing you.  Transportation is arranged to take us both to Kansas City.  We should be long gone.  First stop – Washington.  You and I will talk to an important woman there.  She will help us.  Next stop – Moscow.”
“I’m not going to Moscow.”
“It’s Moscow or a jail cell.   Maybe you get bail, maybe not.  They will turn this into a media circus – trial by media.  And you will spend your last dime on attorneys.  Catherine, they will take everything from you.  Including your pride.  Don’t let them do that.  Come with me to Moscow.  You know and I know and everyone in the world knows this Quixote thing is based at some Russian troll farm.  We will find out which one.  We prove your innocence by proving their guilt.”
“This is all crazy.”
“Understood.  But let’s start with this.  Do you want my help or not?”
“Yes.  I want your help.”
“Good.  You and I have a lot of traveling to do.  Now come inside.  I have some work to do on your hair, and then we are going to hit the road.”
Anna got up and went into the lodge.  Catherine stared down the road.  How far away were those marshals?  How would Anna get past them?  Catherine would trust in her help.  But first she would text an old friend at Fort Meade.



Chapter 7
Driving North

Message to an old friend – “Tell me about Anna Antonov.  State Department.  She is arresting me.”  That would get an interesting response.  Catherine didn’t expect an immediate answer.  Not even NSA was instant.  But an answer would come soon.  Catherine put the phone back in her jeans pocket and went inside to change.
What did Anna have in mind?  It began in the shower.
Anna pushed Catherine against the wall and washed her.  Touched her.  She stared into Catherine’s eyes, and occasionally kissed her.  She took charge of Catherine’s body.  She held it where she wanted to hold it, and touched her where she wanted to touch her.  Catherine leaned back against the wall and enjoyed it.  Anna’s hands felt marvelous.   But they were on Catherine far too briefly.  They moved to Catherine’s hair and stayed there.  Conditioner.  Rinses.  Hair being moved one way and another.  Anna was deciding how Catherine would wear her hair.  Catherine understood what she was doing.  She liked it.  She liked Anna leaning into her as she arranged her hair, kissing her as she tried yet another part, yet another length.
“In college I did the hair of every girl on my dorm floor.”
“Do as you wish with mine.”
It took almost two hours.  Hair and makeup, Catherine sitting with a towel wrapped around her shoulders.  Hair gathered in clumps on the floor.  Catherine watched in the bathroom mirror and trusted even as she saw her hair get much shorter.  Now just touching the tops of her shoulders.  A part in the middle.  Layers down the side.  Her forehead now a triangle beneath brunette curves.  And her face.  Moisturizer over dry skin, eye brows arched and lengthened, eyes widened with shadow and liner, cheekbones raised.
“Anna, what you are doing is nice, but it will not fool a facial recognition camera.”
“Let’s not make it too easy for them.  But this is not for a camera.  This is for you.  I want you to see just how lovely you look.  You are an attractive woman.”
“Anna, I am forty six.  Can you take away twenty years?”
“I can take away six or eight.”
Catherine studied the mirror.  Maybe not six years, but she did look younger.  The hair style, the tone of her skin, the shape of her eyes.  A few years younger.  
Anna chose their wardrobe for the trip.  Summer dresses in bright colors.  Short sleeves, flared skirts, comfortable.  And attractive.  Catherine watched herself in the mirror.  She did look pretty good.  She also saw Anna looking, and she liked the expression she saw on Anna’s face.
“Heels?”  Anna was back in the closet looking through her open suitcase.  Catherine was confused by the question.  She was five eleven.  Already too tall for most men.
“I don’t own any.”
“I do.”
Anna pulled two pair of white shoes from her case.  She pointed to the bed and both sat.  Catherine strapped on sandals with three inch heels.  Anna pulled on pumps with four inch heels.
“Pretty women wear heels.”
Catherine had no response.  She just smiled.
“Catherine, the next few days might get rough.”  Anna touched Catherine’s cheek.  “But I think they will also be fun.  You and me.  Racing the marshals.  Thelma and Louise – with a much happier ending.  You and me, Catherine.  This is our beginning.”
“Keep telling me I’m pretty.  I love hearing that from you.”
“I need you to move your pretty ass to the kitchen and make a bunch of sandwiches and a thermos of coffee.  I will pack our bags.  Leave your phone.  Let GPS tell them we are still here.”
But neither of them moved.  Busy getting dressed, busy getting ready, busy.  A flurry of activity.  Now they stopped.  They were dressed, shoes on, hair done, ready to go.  But they didn’t.  It was like they each took a deep breath and paused.  They recognized the moment.  They recognized each other.  Two women sitting side by side.  Summer dresses, heels, makeup.  And each other.  Two former athletes.  Two middle aged women.  Sitting together.  Being together.  They faced each other.  And did nothing.  Finally Catherine reached for Anna’s hand.  And that’s all that happened for several minutes.  They held hands.  A touch.  A gesture.  They moved closer.  They kissed.  Catherine caressed Anna’s cheek.  And suddenly the words came out.
“Anna, I trust you.  I’ll go to Moscow with you.”
“I’ll take care of you there.”
“I know that.”
And Catherine felt like she did know that.  She felt comfort.  Something very odd was happening around them, but she was with a soul mate.  She was certain.  She could trust Anna.  She could rely on Anna.  They would be fine together.  Two middle aged women.  Sharing dresses and shoes like they had known each other forever.  Partners.  They smiled, almost as if they were recognizing each other for the first time.  A quick kiss, and then Catherine was off to make sandwiches, and Anna began packing.  
Catherine found her phone.  She had another message to send.  “I’m going to Moscow.”  Her friend would be surprised, but not shocked.  Catherine sent the message, then placed her phone on the kitchen table.  Let the marshals look for her there.
They were out the door in ten minutes, Anna carrying two suitcases, Catherine holding a bag of sandwiches and a thermos.  She chose not to lock the door.  No need for the marshals to break it down.
“My plan either works now, or fails now.”  Anna had backed her car around and was driving the backroad to Highway 141.  “I expect them to watch for you in Wausaukee.  The road south runs right through the middle of town.  They can have one man watch while the other two eat or rest.  Your bus would be hard to miss.  Waiting for you there would be the smart move.  And the easy move.  They have a quiet night and come back for you in the morning.”
“But…”
“But we aren’t going south to the Green Bay airport.  We are going north and then west to fly out of Minneapolis.”
“Highway 2.”
“Yes.”
Anna paused at a stop sign.  Highway 141.  She looked both ways.  Studied traffic.  Turned left – north.  And both of them held their breath.  Fifteen minutes later, they slowed through Niagara.  Another potential choke point.  No marshals, no local deputies.  Both women began breathing again.  They crossed into the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, found Highway 2, and began driving west into the sunset.
“In the morning they will guess we came this way, but did we go west toward Duluth, or east toward Sault Ste. Marie and Canada?  We don’t need much time, Catherine.  Just a little time and a little luck.”
Catherine settled back in her seat.  She was a fugitive.  Bad things would happen if the marshals caught up to her.  Yet she felt herself relax.  Highway 2 was endless forest.  Small towns, a few farms, very little traffic.  Anna got her rental car up to a good speed and cruised west.
“May I ask you about Moscow?”
“Yes, it is important you know about Moscow.  Shall I tell you about where we will live?”
“Yes, please.”
“I have an apartment very near Gorky Park.  It is small, but I think you will like it.  It is part of an old mansion, converted to apartments by the Bolsheviks.  Our windows look west, toward the park.  In the evenings we will stroll through the park.  Some nights we will have parties.  I will bring people to the apartment and we will talk.  You will learn Russian and talk too.  We will hear things.  We will meet people who know people.  We will find your troll farm.”
“And if we don’t?”
“Then you and I will spend our lives in Moscow.  Would that be so bad?”
“No.”  
Catherine said it without thinking, then realized she was telling the truth.  She watched the trees go by.  And she watched Anna.  Anna glanced at her from time to time.  She smiled and pulled at Catherine’s skirt.
“Pretty women wear heels – and skirts that slide up their thighs.”
Catherine pulled her skirt higher on her legs and looked over at Anna.  
“Catherine, are you trying to seduce me?”
“How am I doing?”
“Very well.”  
It was a small car.  Anna had no trouble reaching over and keeping a hand on Catherine’s leg as they drove through another small town.
“We’ll stop in Ashland for a few hours rest.  We’ll be about four hours from the airport.  I’ll find some mom and pop motel that likes cash and hates computers.”
And that’s what she did.  An older motel on the edge of town.  Twelve rooms in a row.  Anna checked in and took the last room on the end.  She carried the bags.  Catherine carried the sandwiches.
Anna obviously had an agenda beyond a few hours rest.  She had both of them in satin nightgowns almost the minute the door closed.  And they had only eaten half a sandwich when she decided they should dance.  She had one arm around Catherine’s back, and a hand on her ass.  Catherine wrapped her arms around Anna’s neck.  She quickly rested her head on Anna’s shoulder.
And Anna sang.  Slowly.  Quietly.  “As Time Goes by.”  She knew most of the words.  “And just remember this.  A kiss is still a kiss.”  And she kissed Catherine, then went back to quietly singing.  Almost a whisper.  If she had forgotten words, she used “da da da da da da.”  That worked fine too as they rocked from side to side and slowly circled.
Catherine also whispered as Anna sang.
“Can I assume I am Ingrid Bergman?”
“Of course.”  And Anna kept singing.
“I loved her hats.”
“You would look beautiful in any of them.”
“And you?”
“I am the woman who saw you in the Casablanca bizarre.  I watched Bogie let you get on that plane and thought ‘what a moron.’  And I took that plane to Lisbon and saw your husband go off to meetings and give speeches and leave you alone.  And I thought ‘another moron.’  So I came to you, sang to you, danced with you, and took you away from them.”
“Yes, you have.”
“I plan to keep you.  You know that, right?”
“I hope it is true.  I am already yours.”
Anna lifted Catherine and carried her to the bed.  
“Lie still, Catherine.  Lie still.”
Anna slid onto Catherine, one hand rising above Catherine’s head, holding her wrists.  Her mouth went to Catherine’s breast.  Her other hand went lower.  Catherine spread her legs.
“You are mine, Catherine.  You will be my wife.”
Catherine closed her eyes and softly moaned.




Chapter 8
Short Flight with a Long Book

Catherine woke long before dawn.  Anna’s face hovered over her.  Big smile.  Followed by a long, gentle kiss.  Catherine touched Anna’s hair.  Waited for another kiss.  Hoped for another kiss.  She was sure she loved Anna.  
Anna pulled her into the shower.  Quick this morning.  Far too quick.  Too quick working on her hair.  Too quick putting on Catherine’s makeup.  Too quick getting her dressed.  Too few kisses.  It wasn't even five a.m. and they were off to the airport.  
Four hours in the car.  Catherine had questions for the woman she loved.
“You are Russian.  Is it odd to help an American?”
“I was paid a bonus to visit you and evaluate you.  I will be paid a bigger bonus to get you safely out of the country.  I plan to spend the bonus on you.”
“And a bonus if we find the troll farm?”
“We will find it.  It will take time, but we will find it.”
“And then?”
“I have already told you, Catherine.  I plan to keep you.”
“Your Moscow wife.”
“Will you be a good wife?”  Anna turned her head.  She wanted to see Catherine answer.
“Yes.  I will.  Somehow I am certain of that.”
“I will buy you a hat, and you will walk Moscow like Ingrid Bergman.  A very pretty woman.  My woman.”
Catherine looked at Anna, and at yet more trees.  It was an odd experience to be taken some place.  She couldn't remember the last time she had been in the passenger seat of a car.  She took her minibus to the airport at least once or twice a month to pick up guests, and she drove her bus into Amberg and Wausaukee for shopping.  And she drove to Jim’s apartment to get laid.  She couldn’t remember the last time anyone had taken her anywhere.  Anna wasn’t just taking her to the store.  Anna was taking her to Moscow.  And, somehow she felt perfectly comfortable with that.  She liked it.
Anna drove with the windows open.  Wind everywhere.  The new haircut left much less hair on the back of Catherine’s neck.  It felt cooler.  Lighter.  And her skirt.  Anna kept looking over.
“We are lovers, Catherine.  We are lovers.”  She reached over and pulled Catherine’s skirt higher.  It was a great trip to Minneapolis.
Air travel?  Anna had booked them first class.  Travel documents?  Anna provided fake Russian passports for both of them. Neither was challenged.  
The Washington flight was under three hours.  First class.  Room to stretch.  A meal.  A drink.  
And a pair of odd events.  
Anna pulled a blue paper back from her bag.  Don Quixote.  Catherine was to read it.  It was huge and heavy.  Catherine wasn’t sure she’d get through much of it.  She started paging through it when a woman walked past her seat, saw the book, and stopped to get Catherine’s attention.  When Catherine looked up, the woman raised a finger to her lips.  She stood waiting until Catherine nodded.  Then she moved on to her destination.
The flight attendant was even more surprising.  When the woman came around with the meal, Catherine set the book on her tray table.  The woman placed her food on the tray, then took out an extra napkin and laid that over the book.  No word said.  No special look.  She did it quickly and moved on.  Catherine looked at Anna.  Anna tilted her head and smiled.  Odd.
What was going on with this book?   “Dulcinea”.  Somewhere in the book that name would be explained.  Somewhere in a book that was 942 pages long – all in very small print.  Somewhere in a novel about a crazy guy who thought he was a knight.  Catherine hadn’t read the book (had anyone?  Really?  942 pages?), but everyone knew the story.  Guy goes nuts, thinks he’s a knight, attacks windmills.  Apparently lots of other things happened to him – enough to fill 942 pages – but the basic story was simple enough.  Crazy guy does crazy stuff.  What does that have to do with Dulcinea, and what does Dulcinea have to do with Catherine?
Catherine sank deep into her first class seat and started turning pages.  A preface.  942 pages wasn’t enough for this edition.  First there was a ten page table of contents (ten pages!), then a description of Cervantes (the guy wrote the book four hundred years ago, some while as a pirate captive, some in debtors’ prison), then notes to readers.  So, there were over forty pages to read before even starting the book.  Catherine scanned all of that quickly.  Helpful?  Somewhat.  Any clues as to who Dulcinea might be?  None.
They were over Ohio before Catherine even got to the start of the novel.  She was tempted to put the book down after reading the first paragraph.  It wasn’t just that the print was small.  That first paragraph?  Just one sentence.  One clause embedded in another and then embedded again.  Four hundred years ago authors had a very different style.  Maybe people had more time and more patience then.
Kat decided she would push through the first chapter.  If there was no Dulcinea, she would just give the book back to Anna.  What did she learn?  Quixote was about fifty, a country gentleman with little money, but enough free time to spend a year reading novels about knights.  The novels drive him crazy.  He has an old set of armor and an old horse, and decides he will be a knight just like in the old novels.
Page 8.  He also decides to be a knight he needs – “a lady to inspire him with love.”  Without a mistress, a knight is like “A tree destitute of leaves and fruit.”  There’s a long paragraph where he thinks about overcoming giants and sending them to his mistress.  Who is this lady?  The narrator calls her a “hale, buxom country-wench,” but to Quixote she becomes a princess or lady of quality that he names “Dulcinea del Toboso.”
Catherine read that page several more times, parsing the long sentences, but also chuckling over the description of Dulcinea.  “Country wench”?  Sure.  Amberg, Wisconsin was about as country as you get.  She wasn’t sure about being a “wench,” but twenty years as an MP, she had been called far worse.  What got her laughing was “buxom.”   Her chest wasn’t as flat as it had been during all those horrible teen years, but buxom?  Seemed a stretch.
Catherine had to get Anna’s reaction.
“I am a hale, buxom wench?”
“You are a princess.  A lady of quality.”  Anna took her hand.  “And you are the inspiration for everything Quixote does.”
“Will I be happy with what Quixote does?”
“No, you won’t.  But now that we have you out of that backwater, we can help you do something about it.”  Anna gripped her hand tighter, then smiled and played with Catherine’s skirt.  “But we will deal with that tomorrow when we meet my boss.  Tonight we get to play.  Until then, keep reading.  This is a book you should know.”  
Anna turned away.  She had given an order.  Catherine was to follow.  Catherine did.  But if there was ever a way to make a three hour flight feel like a ten hour flight, it was to sit with a nine hundred page book.
Chapter two.  Quixote gets on his horse and rides.  Where to?  Off looking for adventure, certain his deeds will be recorded and remembered in ages to come.  He picks a road and rides.  Adventure will come to him.  As he rides, he comments on Dulcinea, apparently convinced she has banished him from her presence.  He rides on, claiming he is enduring misery “for love of thee.”  It is not clear he has ever met her, or that she is aware of his existence.  But he talks of her?  Not a good sign.
Any real action in the chapter?  He gets tired and hungry and rides to an inn.  He decides the inn is actually a castle.  Once in the inn/castle, he gets his armor off, but can’t untie his helmet.  So he wears that all night.  Also, he concludes that to be a knight he must be knighted.  Oops.  End of chapter.
Catherine set the book down.  A group of women were calling her Dulcinea.  Did that mean the women were Quixote?  They called themselves that?  The Quixote in the book was a complete fool.  He misunderstands everything that is taking place around him.  Two prostitutes at the inn he decides are high born ladies he will protect.  The inn keeper is seen as a lord.  In no place does Cervantes portray Quixote in an admirable way.  He is a fool.  A crazy man.  The women who had come to see Catherine were not fools or crazy.  They had all performed well at Catherine’s workshops, and appeared to be perfectly sane.  So why adopt Quixote as a model?  What was Catherine missing?  
Chapter three.  Quixote decides to be a knight, he needs to be knighted, but that can be done by any knight.  He decides the landlord of the inn is a knight.  He asks the landlord to knight him in the morning.  Then things get violent.  Quixote has read that knights hold a vigil in a cathedral the night before being knighted.  The Inn has no chapel, so he lays his armor around the inn’s well, and begins his vigil.  The armor gets in everyone’s way, so a man throws it to one side.  Quixote gets out his lance and brains the guy.  He hits the second man as well.  Others come and begin throwing stones at Quixote.  He is hurt.  In the morning the innkeeper knights Quixote and sends him on his way.
Lesson for Catherine?  Quixote is a fool – a dangerous fool.  He nearly kills two men who move his armor from the well.  Yes, he is hurt later, but he is the one who initiated the fight.  His fantasies may be laughable, but they are also dangerous.  The women who have come to visit Catherine.  They are not laughable.  They are not fools.  But are they dangerous?  Are they Quixote?  She thought back to the woman who said her time on the pier was a “vigil”.  Like Quixote.  A night spent on vigil before being knighted.  At an inn.  An inn owned by Catherine?
Why would a group of young women adopt Quixote as an identity?  A dangerous fool. How did that make any sense?  Catherine was far less comfortable being their buxom country-wench.  She returned the book to Anna.  Enough.  The plane landed.  A good excuse to stop reading.
Anna, meanwhile, seemed energized by her return to Washington.  From the moment they landed, she talked nonstop.  Her favorite restaurants.  The great people she worked with at State.  Her favorite shops.  Catherine got to hear it all.  
Anna was still talking as they caught a cab for the short ride across the Potomac and to the Watergate Hotel.  Catherine had never stayed there, and had no interest in the place.  It was part of the famous Watergate complex of offices and apartments made notorious fifty years earlier by Nixon’s burglars.  The hotel itself was at the northern edge of the complex.  Lots of chrome and bright lights.  The lobby felt more like a bus station than a hotel.  Registration took forever, and the rooms were generic business-class hotel rooms.  Catherine was rapidly losing interest in this trip.  
Anna signed for a room and took a key.  Catherine followed.  Followed to the elevator, followed down the hall, followed into the room.  Then she stopped.  
“Anna, why are we here?”
“I like the river views.”
“Don’t be dense.  Why are we in this stupid hotel?  You said we are to meet someone.  Let’s meet this person and be done with it.  I want get going with my search.”
Anna put her hands on her hips and stared up at Catherine.  Her expression changed.  Not a tour guide any more.  Not a woman enjoying a vacation.  There was determination on her face.  She paused before responding.  She would make Catherine wait.
“We will meet her tomorrow at noon.  On the mall.  Near the White House.  She set the schedule.  We will follow it.  We will go to her, and we will listen.  And she will scare the hell out of you.  You have no idea how much trouble you are in.  And how much trouble you – Dulcinea – have caused.  Right now you need patience, and a good dinner.”
They stared at each other.  All movement stopped.  Time passed.
“Sorry.”  Anna crossed to Catherine and gripped her shoulders.  She was in four inch heels.  Catherine just three inch.  Anna always held the high ground.  She looked down at Catherine, held her a moment, then pulled herself closer.
“I know you are used to a schedule.  Monday is laundry day.  Tomorrow is what – bathrooms?  I should have explained.  For us, today is travel day and maybe a bit of fun.  Tomorrow is the big meeting.”
“And then?”
“And then we do whatever the woman from the White House tells us to do.  Understood?”
“Understood.”
Anna held Catherine close.  Slowly she moved her arms around Catherine.  One hand slid up to the back of her head.  She paused, then kissed Catherine.  
“Is spending an extra night with me so bad?”
“Ugly hotel.  Dumb book.  I am very confused.  And I don’t like that.”
“Let me repeat my question.  Is spending an extra night with me so bad?”
“No.”
“I think I want to hear more than that.”  She held her face close, forcing Catherine to look up at her.
“I like being with you, Anna.”
“Do you wish to kiss me?”  Anna’s smile was now a challenge.
“Yes.”
“Then ask.”  Anna held her smile, and waited.
“Please, Anna, may I kiss you?”  Catherine did a bit of a curtsey, looking up to Anna as she did so.  Anna picked her up, put her on the bed, and lay on top of her.
“Yes, you may kiss me.”
Catherine wrapped her arms around Anna’s neck, and kissed her.
“Catherine, we are going to be very good together.  Lay there, kiss me, and let me get this dress off you.”




Chapter 9
Roof Top Troubles

It was sunset by the time they got out of bed, out of the shower, into fresh dresses and into fresh makeup.  Anna decided nothing Catherine owned would be appropriate for the evening, so she loaned her one of her dresses.  Navy blue satin, V neckline, and a short skirt made for dancing.
“This is something you would wear to a club.”  Catherine turned and looked at herself in the mirror.
“Yes, but it will be fine where we are going.  Besides, I like the way you look in it.  You have great legs.  The world should see them.”
“I have a forty year old’s sagging butt.”
“Not even close.”
Anna also wore satin, but black and slightly longer.  Both women wore heels again.  Pretty women wore heels.  Their destination?  The hotel’s rooftop bar and restaurant.
There was a crowd.  It was Washington.  Every bar and restaurant was crowded.  The roof of the Watergate was crowded and then some.  It was the views.  One side looked towards the Mall, the other offered a view along the Potomac.  Anna and Catherine wandered along the roof top, looking in both directions.  They never found an open table or barstool, but they did find standing room in the general vicinity of the bar.  Anna went in search of drinks.  Catherine watched her slither through the crowd and get within hailing distance of a bartender.  Drinks might be coming.
“Hi.”  Catherine was joined by two women in their late thirties.  They looked like they had come directly from work – comfortable dresses, nothing too fancy.
“Hello.”  Catherine waited.  She wasn’t sure what else to say.
“Would you mind taking our picture?”
Catherine accepted the phone, framed up a decent shot, and took a couple pictures.  She handed the phone back.  
“Good enough?  Would you like me to get more of the river in the background?”
“No, this is very good.  Could we include you?”
The women hurried to either side of Catherine, one of the women holding her camera out at arm’s length.  She seemed uncertain of herself, and took a variety of pictures with her arm moving the phone to different angles.  When done, she stood close to Catherine and showed her each of the pictures.
“These are all so good.  Thank you so much.  I know it was rude, but I saw you here and I took a chance.  The women at the office will be so excited.”  She was practically whispering, which made her difficult to hear.  The bar was noisy and a speaker hung from a pole nearby.  It played quiet ballads, but even quiet ballads can be noisy if the speaker is close.  Catherine found herself leaning close to the woman.
“Where do you work?”  It seemed a reasonable question to ask.  A routine conversation starter.
“Interior Department.  We need you so badly.  I know the Chinese are after our Alaskan oil.  And I know which men will give it to them.  If you like, I can write it all down for you.”
Catherine leaned closer.
“I don’t think I understand.  It is very loud here.”
“Would you like to go someplace more private?  By the way, I never expected you to look so good.  All that time overseas, and here you are – tall and beautiful.”
Catherine caught “private, overseas, tall and beautiful.”  She was having trouble putting it all together.  She was pretty sure the appropriate response was “Thank you.”  She barely got that out when three other women joined them.
“I’m sorry to interrupt, but I just had to thank you for all you are doing.”  The woman reached to shake Catherine’s hand, then quickly turned so her friend could get a picture of the woman and Catherine together.  Another woman pushed against Catherine, and suddenly it seemed like phones were everywhere.
“Dulcinea.”  A woman had come up behind Catherine and was whispering in her ear.  “Too many cameras, Dulcinea.  Follow me.”  She pulled on the back of Catherine’s skirt, then took her hand and hurried off.  Catherine wasn’t too sure why she went with her, other than the cameras were bothering her.  Something wasn’t right.  Why all the people?  Why all the cameras?
The woman led back toward the elevators, then at the last minute pushed into a small food prep room.  Three other women followed them in.  The last one closed and locked the door.
“Dulcinea, I am Mandy Thompson.  Sister of James Thompson.”  As she said the words, she pulled a small spray bottle from her purse and aimed pepper stray into Catherine’s eyes.  The other three women reached toward Catherine and added their spray.  The air in the small room was instantly overcome with chemicals that had all the women coughing, but Catherine had it worse.  She was blinded, and doubled over as she struggled for breath.
“Use these.”  One of the women said.  There were aprons hung on a wall.  One was pulled down to bind Catherine’s hands behind her.  The other was wrapped around her mouth.  Catherine kept coughing, only now she struggled to cough through the gag.
“I can’t believe you have the guts to show yourself in public.  Of course you think you are a celebrity.  Fancy dress, fancy hair.”  She pushed Catherine against the wall and held her there, her face inches away.  “I am going to call James.  When he gets here, I don’t think you’ll feel much like a celebrity.”
Catherine struggled to cough, struggled to breathe, struggled to see.  There were shapes she could make out.  Four shapes.  They were coughing too.  Small room, lots of chemicals.  Catherine thought about kicking out, but kick where?  No room, no strength, no vision or balance.  She rested against the wall and concentrated on her breathing.
The woman holding her to the wall had her phone out.  Another phone.  Another picture.  Then a call.
“James.  I am texting you an image.  Got it?  She showed up at the Watergate.  Posing for pictures like she was the goddamn queen.  We have her in a room near the elevator.  Rooftop.”  There was a long response.  Catherine couldn’t hear it.  She was in the middle of a coughing fit.  
“James, after all she did to you?  All the damage she caused?”
Another long response.  Everything was blurred, but Catherine saw the shape in front of her push her head closer.  It was like she wanted to head butt her.  Catherine turned her head to avoid a broken nose.  The woman grabbed her hair and brought her head back around.
“Hold still, bitch.”
Catherine coughed in the woman’s face.  That got her a punch in the stomach.
The woman went back to her telephone conversation.  She sounded dismayed.  Unbelieving.  Angry.  Finally she ended the conversation.  “As you wish.”
“He says we shouldn’t hurt her.”  The woman had turned and was talking to the other three shapes.  “He won’t be coming.”
“Then we leave her.  But take some pictures.  Show the world the bitch can be taken.”
They spent the next ten minutes coughing and taking pictures.  Catherine standing against the wall, Catherine sitting on the floor, her ankles bound with yet another apron.  Finally Catherine with an apron blindfold.
Then they left.  The light off.  The door locked.  They left.  Catherine sat, and coughed, and waited.  It took two hours for Anna and a security guard to find her.



Chapter 10
Meeting on the Mall

The security guard walked Catherine and Anna back to their room.  He asked if Catherine would press charges.  The minute she said “no,” he was gone.  Anna took it from there.  Long shower, repeated rinsing of her eyes.  Into bed, her arms around Catherine.  Short explanation. 
“She said her name was Mandy Johnson?  You – sorry, Dulcinea – went after the Commerce Department.  First target.  Tariff manipulation to favor the Chinese.  Johnson was their steel guy.  You showed he was in their pay.”
“His sister wanted to hurt me.  He told her “no.”
“Good man.  Washington is full of them, despite what you see in the papers – and on-line.”
“Thanks for getting me out of there.”
“You’re welcome.  Now sleep.  We’ll rinse your hair and your eyes again in the morning.  Every woman in Washington carries pepper spray, but it is the civilian version.  There should be no permanent damage.”
Catherine’s eyes still hurt, and focusing was still difficult.  She leaned into Anna, kissed her throat, and enjoyed the feel of her arms.  She was asleep almost instantly.
Morning began with a kiss.  Anna was still holding Catherine.  She slowly stroked her hair and kissed her again.
“No rush, Catherine, but we do need to get out of this hotel.  And I need to wash your hair again.”
“Sorry.  I know I smell.”
“Tell me about your eyes.  How is your vision?”
Catherine looked into Anna’s eyes.
“I can see you still want me.”
“I do.  We are partners, Catherine.  You and me.”
“Yes, if you’ll take me.  Stinky hair and all.”
Anna lowered her head, kissed Catherine and held her face.  “You’re mine Catherine.  I will take good care of you.”
Care that morning involved yet another shower, help with a long eye rinse, and very carefully applied makeup.  It took time.  Anna move as quickly as she could, but still, it took time.
“We are going to take a walk to the mall.  Just two women out enjoying the day.  Our bags stay here.  Purses only.  We will not checkout.  Understand?”  
Catherine understood.  They were running.  They pulled on sundresses, hung purses over their shoulders, and got out of the hotel.
Washington in June.  Sunlight striking them like a weapon.  Humidity wetting their faces and necks, forming rivers down their backs.  Catherine thought they would take a cab.  Anna noted that cabs had GPS and cameras.  She put the best face on it.  
“It’s Washington, Catherine.  One of the wonders of the world.  We need to see it.  To feel it.  This city is special.”  She took Catherine’s hand.  Both hands were so sweat covered they almost instantly slipped apart, but Anna kept her grip.  Catherine enjoyed the feel of her hand.  She had a strong grip.  She wanted that in her new friend.   
Anna stayed on Virginia Avenue.  The Watergate at one end, the Washington Mall at the other.  Block after block of office buildings, all reflecting sunlight and heat.  Soon sweat was dripping from their chins.  The walk to the Mall was no more than a dozen blocks.  It felt like far more.
Constitution Avenue was a sea of school busses and tourist minibuses.  But across the avenue was the Mall, and trees.  Anna found a place in the shade, and the two of them waited for their meeting.  Anna sent a text.  Catherine assumed it said, “We are here.”  Obviously the noon meeting had been moved up.
“Here” was the middle of the Mall.  The Washington Monument rose up on its hill across from where they stood.  To their left was the White House and the Ellipse.  To their right the World War II Memorial and the Reflecting Pool.  In the distance one way was the Lincoln Memorial.  In the other direction was the Capitol Building.  Tourists passed in family groups, walking through and around packs of school kids.  Busy place.
Anna fussed a bit with Catherine’s hair.  Apparently it mattered that Dulcinea looked her best.  Catherine let her do it, then found a bench in the shade.  Anna stood watch.  She faced towards the White House.  She worked a bit on her own hair, and she stood, feet together, rising almost to her tiptoes.  The position seemed a combination of anxiety and eagerness.  Catherine leaned well back on the bench and enjoyed the shade.
It was fifteen minutes before the woman arrived.  Interesting arrival time.  Catherine thought it would take about that long to walk from an office in the White House or in the adjoining Executive Office Building.  Or, it would take that long to appear to be coming from the White House.
The woman was early forties.  Taller than average.  Thinner than average.  A woman with a Peloton subscription.  She was wearing a white silk blouse over an A-line skirt obviously part of a wool suit.  The jacket had been left back in the office, or so it would appear.  Her hair was up and appeared glued in place.  Big curls, shiny, black, pulled back from her face.  Framing her face.  A face with large brown eyes.  Eyes that watched.  Eyes that judged.  Emphasized by carefully arched eyebrows and carefully applied eyeliner.  She took time getting ready in the morning.
Anna got a hug and a kiss on the cheek.  Warm smile.  Then a raised eyebrow.  “Room service might have been better last night.”  
“Yes.”  She paused, clearly not sure what else to say.  Finally she pointed to Catherine.  “Let me introduce you.
Anna led her the few steps to Catherine’s bench.
“Janet Brown, I would like you to meet Catherine Johnson, our Dulcinea.”
Catherine rose, got a hug and a whiff of lilacs.   While they were in each other’s arms, each woman did a close inspection of the other.  Catherine felt muscles under the blouse.  Brown saw the damage around Catherine’s eyes.  Inspection over, Brown indicated the bench.
“Ladies, we have limited time.  Shall we sit?”
Brown took the middle of the bench, Catherine and Anna on each side.  Brown set her laptop on her knees and opened to a video.  Catherine instantly recognized the scene.  Federal marshals were outside her lodge.  Four cars.  She tried to remember if she had ever seen four squads at a scene in Marinette County.  There just weren’t that many deputies.
“This was late yesterday morning.  Anna, you didn’t beat them by much.  And after last night, they will be getting a team here pretty quickly.”
Anna just nodded.  
“Mrs. Brown,” Catherine turned toward the woman.  “What are the charges?  What do they want me for?”
“Homicide.  It will be up to Kansas City prosecutors to determine if they can make that stick, or if they have to find some other charge, but they are starting with that.”
“I didn’t kill anyone.”
“Dulcinea did.  At least indirectly.  She built up a storm around an IT manager.  Henry Trenton.  Claimed he was being bribed by the Chinese to supply them with the IRS account information of every person in America.  He wasn’t.  But he saw what jail was like, and chose suicide instead.”
“And me?  How am I Dulcinea?”
“I gather you spend limited time on social media.”
“I have a Facebook page for my business.”
“Well, you were doxed.  Very cleverly.  Indirect, but close enough for a fool to figure it out.  See how this fits.”  She pulled up a Facebook page and scrolled to a section headed “Dulcinea.”

Our guide and mistress.  Dulcinea.  Career military officer.  Ran security for Fort Meade, the location of the National Security Agency.  Learned that much of our federal bureaucracy is corrupt.  Anything is for sale to anyone.  Attempted to testify.  Denied whistleblower status.  Forced out of the military.  Now runs workshops for women in the forests of Wisconsin.  But she has the links, and she has the courage.  She guides our efforts.

“I wasn’t forced out of the military.  I did my full twenty.”
“Catherine…”  Brown shook her head, a bit like a patient mother.  “They need credibility.  Qanon runs the same grift.  Supposedly Q is a high level government official.  Q-uixote just follows that playbook.  They need an expert.  They picked you.  And much of this is correct, right?  Military officer?  Security at Meade?”
“I did perimeter security.”
“You did security.”
Catherine stared at the laptop.  Brown watched her.  Saw her struggle.  Gave her time.
“Okay, so what do I do?”  Catherine looked first at Brown, then at Anna, then back at Brown.
“This is all coming out of Russia.  We are sure of it.”  Brown took one of Catherine’s hands as she talked to her.  “There is a huge troll farm in St. Petersburg.  They have been all over American social media for years.  They love having us fight each other.  Maybe Quixote is one of theirs.  Maybe it is a whole new division.  But it is Russian.  That we know.”
“Yes, but what do I do?”
“Go to Russia.”  Brown said it as if it were the simplest thing in the world.  “Find the source.  Come back and tell us how to counter it.”
“How?”
“It may be easier than you think.  You are Dulcinea.  They would love to talk to you.  You will have Anna to help, and our embassy.  The embassy already has a contact for you.  A Russian colonel.  Apparently anxious to meet you.  You will have dinner with him tomorrow night – in Fulda, Germany.  For some reason he wants to meet you there.”
The thought of returning to Fulda brought a whole new level of worry to Catherine.  She sat and stared toward the Mall, her brain on overload.
“Anna,” Brown turned from Catherine.  “Now would be a good time to do those things we talked about.”  Anna nodded and strode off toward Constitution Avenue.  Once Anna was gone, Brown pushed her laptop into her bag, and turned back toward Catherine.  She took one of Catherine’s hands, holding it in both of hers.
“Anna gave a good report on how you handled yourself last night.  No panic.  No over-reaction.”
“They were four civilians.  I wasn’t going to hurt them, even if I could.  And I’m not sure I could have.  I’m not the fighter I once was.”
“What was needed was patience.  You will need that in Moscow.  You will also need Anna.  I see you look at each other.  I see a connection.”
Catherine didn’t respond.  But she didn’t deny, and she didn’t look away.  
“You have been alone since Deirdre Jackson at Fort Meade.”
Catherine was shocked to hear the name, and pulled her hand from Brown’s.
“That’s none of your business.”
“Correct.  But you checked on Anna.  We did some additional checking on you.  Anna is important to us.  And she has also been alone too long.  If the two of you connect, I think that would be good for both of you.  We approve.  She will want to lead.  Let her.  She knows Moscow well.  She will take good care of you.”
“She already leads.”
“Good.  It is time you had that.  It will be good for you.  You will find you like it.”
“Are we talking about Moscow or our bedroom?”
“Both.  But the bedroom is more important.”  Brown took Catherine’s hand again.  Catherine let her.  “You will fly to Frankfurt tonight.  Anna will guide you from there.  Give me your passport.  I have a new one for you.”
Catherine dug in her handbag and found her fake Russian passport.  She exchanged it for a fake Ukrainian passport.  It was a very good fake.  Several years old, it had been used multiple times, and had her picture in it.  Her name was Catherine Antonov.  Her husband was Sergei.
“Years ago you met Sergei while traveling around Europe.  No kids, but you have hopes.  You are back in the states to see an old college friend get married.  You are going to Frankfurt to do some shopping, then back to the Ukraine.”
“Do I really go there?”
“No.  Anna will take you to Moscow after your meeting in Fulda.  Trust Anna.  Rely on our embassy.  Be patient.  It may take weeks to meet the right people.”
“I have a business back in Wisconsin.”
“We will take care of your lodge.”
“And my business?”
“Catherine, police were at your door.  You are charged in a homicide.  Your business is gone.  When you return, we will help you rebuild.”
“When I return…”
“Months, Catherine.  Maybe many months.  Patience.  And Anna.  You have the start of a relationship.  Build it.”
Catherine looked off in the direction she had seen Anna go.
“Time for you to join her.  She is waiting in a green Pontiac on Constitution.  The back right fender has a dent just above the wheel.  Go to her.  Follow her.  Enjoy her company.  You have been alone too long.”
Brown sat and watched Catherine walk away.



Chapter 11
Air Travel

There were three shopping malls on the way to the Philadelphia airport.  Each had a covered parking area.  Anna changed cars in each one.  The Frankfurt flight left at six.  They made it, but with little time to spare.
They were in business class.  Two seats together.  Very comfortable.  But also useful.  Once in the air, the constant noise let them talk quietly with little fear of being overheard.  And the free drinks helped Catherine relax.  By the second glass Catherine held the glass in one hand, Anna’s thigh in the other.  They had been issued blankets on boarding, and immediately spread them over their legs.  Hands went under the blankets quickly thereafter.
“Brown said you were to lead.  So far, so good.  You got us out of the U.S.” 
“But I screwed up last night.  She was right.  I should have called room service.  It hadn’t occurred to me how well known you are.”   
“Explain last night.  The Commerce Department, and now the IRS?  How and why?”
“It’s really a new level of sophistication.  Qanon makes all kinds of wild charges.  People believe them.  Democrats are pedophiles.  Young children are trapped under a strip mall pizza place.  Venezuela controls our voting machines.  It works.  Some people believe.  And those who don’t believe wonder just how dumb their neighbors are.  The whole thing is very effective.  And very damaging.”
“I get that.  Now tell me about my conspiracy.”
“You are more focused.  You are like second level damage.  Take out one federal agency at a time.  You are very good, by the way.  Your stories are convincing.  And small bits of them are true.  Distorted, but true.”
“Stop saying ‘you.’  I didn’t even know the website existed.”
“That helped.  You were off running your business.  You never objected.”
“Last week was the first time I even heard the name ‘Dulcinea.’”
“When we get to Moscow, wear it.  Use it.”
“How?”
“We’ll work that out.”  She slid her hand farther up Catherine’s skirt and made her spill her wine.
“I like that, but warn me.”  She looked to see if anyone was in the aisle.  It was empty, so she gave Anna a quick kiss.  “Brown said we should build a relationship.”
“Damn right.”  She moved her hand and Catherine gasped.
Catherine finished the last of her wine, lay her head back, and closed her eyes.  She had every reason to be angry about losing her business, and nervous about what she was being forced to do.  She was certain she would feel both emotions.  But not right then.



Chapter 12
Frankfurt in the Rearview Mirror

It was dawn when they landed in Frankfurt.  They had slept some.  Fondled plenty, but slept some.  About an hour before landing they took down the one case they had with them – a larger carry on – a fresh dress for each, courtesy of whomever had prepped their car.  A little time in the tiny bathroom, a fresh dress, some work on their hair and major repair on their makeup, and they were ready for Europe.
They walked out of customs and found a young man with a sign – “Dulcinea.”  He never said a word, just smiled and handed an envelope to Anna.  Anna opened her envelope and found a note, cash, a credit card, car keys, and an X marked on one of the airport parking lots.
“We’re going to Fulda.  Never heard of it.”  Anna looked up as she added the envelope to her bag.
“I have.”  
Anna used the map to find a way out of the building and then followed walkways to a parking lot.  Catherine’s black BMW was waiting for them.
“Nice ride.”
“My ride.  I had it stored in Ramstein.”
“I didn’t know majors got paid this much.”
“We don’t.”
As they deposited the carry on and got settled in the huge front seats, Anna asked about the car.  Catherine ignored her.  The car had been a gift.  A gift from a man who had proposed and then backed out at the last minute.  Leaving her standing in a wedding dress.  Leaving her with Russian agents.  After the gun fight, Catherine had gone back to Amberg, but left the car behind.  In locked storage.  Apparently locks were immaterial.  Apparently keys could be acquired.  Apparently people felt free to bring her car to Frankfurt.   Apparently she was to accept all this.
The car had GPS.  The car had everything.  A BMW 8 series, it went for over a hundred thousand dollars.  For that money you got leather everywhere inside, and a huge engine under the hood.  You also got enough electronics to do most of the driving.  That helped.  It had been an eight hour flight.  It was now dawn, and traffic was already building.  
Anna drove.  She had the envelope.  She had the keys.  She would drive.  She would lead.  Catherine would sit in the wife seat.  She was fine with that.  It was early, she was tired.  And she had a puzzle to consider.  Fulda.  Why Fulda?  
Anna followed GPS directions and let the huge black car get her there.  Anna wanted to talk about the car.  
“You keep a car in Germany?  How often do you get over here?”
“I haven’t been here since last summer.”
“But you keep a car here.  That is so cool.”
“I should have sold it.  I didn’t.”
“Why?”
“I wasn’t thinking clearly at the time.”
“How could you sell such a beautiful car?”
“Anna, please, just drive.  Let me rest.”
Anna was quiet for about two minutes, then she bombarded Catherine with endless questions about Fulda.  What did she know about it, when had she been there, was it nice, was it far, did she know how to find the Maritim Hotel?
Catherine ignored her.  She knew the hotel.  She had eaten dinner and waltzed there.  She had met a man there.  The man who had bought her the car.  The man with ambitions that didn’t include her.  The man who was probably even more famous these days.  Soon to be President if his handlers had anything to say about it.  A shallow man who would be a bad President.  But that was up to her fellow Americans.
The drive was fast.  Effortless.  Just over an hour.  They arrived at an impressive hotel driving an impressive car.  The valet seemed happy to take the keys.  The bell hop was happy to take their bag to their room.  The man working registration on the early shift was happy to give them keys to a suite.  A hotel full of happy people.  Anna and Catherine followed the happy bell hop to their room.
“My instructions say we are to shop later and then you will meet a man in the restaurant downstairs.”  Anna had unfolded her note for the eighth or ninth time.  She stood by the windows, looking out at the garden below.
“Been there.  Done that.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Let’s just go to bed.”  Catherine started undressing.
“Are you going to be this grumpy this afternoon?”
“I can almost guarantee that.”
Catherine slid into bed.  Anna was almost immediately on top of her.  Red satin.  Arms tightly wrapped around Catherine.  Catherine looked up at Anna.  She liked those arms around her.  She liked looking up at those eyes.  She liked the feel of satin as she stroked Anna’s ass.  There was so much to like.  Her mood improved the longer she felt Anna’s arms on her.
“Anna, I don’t know what is going to happen here or in Moscow.  But I want you to know right this moment, I am a happy woman.  I need sleep and a shower.  I am scared, and I am angry.  But you feel good.  Forgive me for being a grouch.  Thank you for driving.”
They kissed, of course, and fondled each other.  Catherine moaned, and whispered of her love.  Then both of them fell asleep.



Chapter 13
Why Fulda?

Catherine woke before Anna.  The fact that she slept at all was a sign of her fatigue, but also of her comfort with Anna.  Catherine had huge problems.  An arrest waiting in America, her business gone, this crazy plan to just move to Russia and solve the Dulcinea problem.  She lay in bed knowing she was in serious trouble.  But she lay in bed with Anna lying across her.  A leg between her legs, an arm across her chest, her face resting against Catherine’s ear.  A protector.  A warmth.  A companion.
One of Catherine’s arms was buried under Anna, but the other had gone to Anna’s satin-wrapped ass and stayed there as they slept.  She didn’t move it.  She didn’t want to wake Anna.  But she liked the feel of Anna.  The slight rise and fall of her as she breathed.  The softness under her hand, the breath coming in her ear.  Anna.  A woman she had just met two weekends ago, and had only been intimate with three days.  Anna.  For all the problems Catherine faced, her thoughts were of Anna.
Old rule.  And a good one.  Never trust a decision you make while tired.  Catherine knew and trusted the rule.  And she understood “tired” comes in many forms.  The current form of “tired” was obvious.  Jim.  She was tired of his nonchalance.  Tired of his obvious comfort in the status quo.  One night a week.  For how long?  Until she was too old?  Until he decided to join a bowling league and spend his Wednesdays with his buddies?  Mostly she was tired of him not wrapping his arms around her, throwing her on the bed, and going crazy with passion.  Okay, she was forty six and he was forty two.  But crazy could still happen, couldn’t it?  Once in a while?  Maybe over breakfast.  He looks down her nightgown, sees her breasts, and loses control.
And he spends the night like Anna did – never letting her go.  Holding her.  Shielding her from the world.  Taking her.  Wanting her.  Mostly the last.  Wanting her.  Seemed a reasonable thing to ask.  Would he ever be as good to her as Anna?  The answer was obvious.  She had felt more love from Anna in the last few days than she had felt from Jim in three years.  Tired or not, she was certain she was in the right pair of arms. 
Somehow Anna read her thoughts.  She slid over Catherine, her face directly above her.  A kiss.  A smile.  Another kiss.  Then those eyes looking.  Waiting.
“Yes, I was thinking about you.”
“Catherine, you kept a hand on my ass all morning.  You were doing more than thinking.”
Catherine chose not to respond.  She lay still, staring up into those eyes.
“You have already made a decision, Catherine.  But you need time to accept your own thinking.  Your own feelings.  But the decision has been made.  You have chosen me.  You will be my wife.  We will live together in Moscow, and maybe someday at your lodge.  But we will live together.  We will spend our lives together.  I will not get down on one knee, but I will give you a ring.  You will wear a beautiful gown for our wedding.  Maybe we will marry here in Germany.  Maybe in Moscow.  But we will marry.  When you are ready.  You will be my wife.  I think it will be soon.”
“It will be here.  In Germany, where it is legal.  When I am ready.  But yes, it will be soon.  I want you.  And I know you want me.”
They stared into each other’s eyes, communicating.  Sealing the agreement.  Acknowledging their situation.  They kissed.  Anna made Catherine moan, and then she carried her to the shower and made her moan again.
After that, the plan for the day was simple.  Brunch, then off to Fulda to shop.  With their suitcases left back at the Watergate, they had many needs.  Both women wore the sun dresses left at the bottom of the carry-on.  Anna did Catherine’s hair.  Both women wore light makeup.
The restaurant on the main level was a marvel.  The ceiling arched thirty or forty feet over their heads, every inch covered in bright frescoes.  The floor was marble.  The windows extended along the entire outer wall and rose two stories to let in endless views of the official “castle garden”.  And the food was German.  Anything baked was crisp and light, anything cooked was served hot and perfectly presented on its plate.  It was too late for the breakfast buffet, but the waiter brought them omelets and coffee.  The women ate, sipped their coffee, and stared at each other.
Fulda was getting a sunny June afternoon.  The women left their hotel and entered the city gardens that extended from the hotel, to city hall, and then to the city square.  The gardens were in full bloom.  Fulda looked its best.  The women took their time.  Pathways led between flower beds, under groves of trees, to yet more flowers.  They stood, they looked, they held hands.  Anna took pictures of Catherine.  Catherine with roses.  Catherine with daisies.  Catherine with the last of the season’s lilacs.  Catherine in three inch heels.  The pretty Catherine.
Catherine posed.  Catherine smiled.  Catherine enjoyed the way Anna looked at her.  She did feel pretty.  When was the last time she felt that?  She stood, she turned, she positioned her hands and her hips.  A pretty woman.  Forty six, but still pretty.  She looked at Anna and was grateful for that.  The woman who made her feel pretty.
Anna took many pictures on her phone.  And then she asked questions.
 “Catherine, I don’t know why the Russian wants to meet you here, but I know about you and Fulda.  I suppose the Russians do too.  You were stationed here.”  
“Yes, the Russians know Fulda.  Back in the day, when Soviet troops were massed just east of here, this was the city they would push through on their way to our airbase in Frankfurt.  The Soviets are gone, the Americans are gone.  We don’t have an airbase in Frankfurt anymore.  Fulda is back to being a small city in southern Germany.  Nice enough, but not special in any way.  Why does he want to meet me here?  I guess we will find out this evening.”
Across from the garden was the old shopping area of the town.  An open square with restaurants along the left edge, a huge cathedral to the right, more restaurants and shops straight ahead.  They crossed the street and stood in the square, an acre of cobblestones around them.
“Besides a dress for tonight, what we are shopping for?”
“Everything.  Anything we buy here will be more expensive than in the States, but anything we buy in Russia will be even more expensive and lower quality.  We have a State Department credit card.  We will use it.”
Catherine crossed the open area.  A tall woman in a bright dress.  Posture.  She never felt so sure of her posture.  So sure of her looks.  Head up, shoulders back, she cross the square, Anna at her side.
Fulda had a large group of women’s shops.  She and Anna spent the rest of the afternoon there.  Mostly evening wear for Catherine - three gowns, plus shoes, and a better handbag.  Anna picked out a dress for herself as well.  They took their time.  They modeled for each other.  Back in a private changing area.  The saleswoman was patient.  She said all the right things.  Do German clerks work on commission?  They didn’t know.  If so, she had a very good afternoon.
The women enjoyed themselves.  Catherine found dresses she liked.  And she liked the way Anna looked at her as she came out of the changing room.  When had anyone looked at her with such interest?  Catherine found herself moving differently.  A bit more sway.  A bit more emphasis on the turns.  A bit of the modeling walk Anna had taught.  A lot more looks over her shoulder to catch Anna staring at her forty six year old ass, an ass that looked much better wrapped in these dresses.
Final picks?  Satin, sheath cut, sleeveless, scoop or square necklines well down her chest, floor length.  They differed in colors.  They didn’t differ in intent.  Emphasis on her backside and on her breasts.  She was wrapped up tight.  Some Russian officer would get an eyeful.  She would get?  Hopefully she would get some useful information, starting with why they were in Fulda in the first place.
Final stop was a shop with day dresses.  Four each.  Cotton, short or half sleeves, A-line skirts just past the knee, bright colors.  Two even had pockets.  They would both be comfortable as they wandered Fulda and then drove to Moscow.
One last shop.  Hats.  Anna found her a white hat with very wide brim and a twist of artificial flowers.  It fit perfectly.  Catherine put it on, and kept it on.  Ingrid Bergman.  Walking through the shops.  All eyes on her.  Beside her, the woman so much smarter than Bogie.  Catherine felt so much taller in the hat.  Prettier.  Happier.  And so grateful to the woman whose hand she was desperate to hold just as soon as they were alone.
She practically ran to the hotel, to her room, to their bed.  The hat was carefully laid beside her.  Anna was roughly pulled on top of her.
“I’m yours, Anna.  Truly.  I can’t remember being so happy.  I am yours.”
“Yes, you are mine.”  Anna put a hand on each side of Catherine’s face.  “You are mine.  Now, and forever.”
It was early evening by the time they finished mauling each other.  Hot, gasping for breath, their skirts pushed high.  The sun was nearing the horizon.  Time to prepare for the Russian.
“Tell me about the man I will meet tonight.”  Catherine had Anna’s head on her shoulder and was very slowly stroking her hair.
“The paper they gave me says he will take you to dinner downstairs.  It says nothing more.”
“Really?  That’s the best the State Department can do?  Some Russian officer?  For some unknown officer, we go to Germany, buy a fancy dress and go down to a fancy dinner.  And we talk.” 
“He’s a man.  He will want to do more than talk.”
“He’s allowed to stare.  He’s not allowed to touch.”
“Agreed.  Touching is for me.  Now.  Let’s get you ready.”
It took an hour.  Anna pushed Catherine back against the counter in the bathroom, held her there with her hips, and worked on her face.  Dry skin, the remaining damage to Catherine’s eyes, the unsaid need to trim a few years.  It took time.   Hair came next.  A touch of product.  A bit of spray.  Finally the dress.  Yellow.  A summer color.  The dress had built-in cups that put the breasts exactly where the designer wanted.  Based on looks from Anna, the designer had done a fine job.  
“He knows you are Dulcinea.  We can assume he knows what is happening in America.  We know he has some connection to the Quixote group.  Maybe he will tell you about that.  Maybe he won’t.”
“Is he on our payroll?”
“No.”
“Then why is he talking to us?”
Catherine was sitting on the bed buckling her sandals.  No real rise to the heel.  Sculpted a bit to imply a stiletto heel, but among the many things they didn’t know was the man’s height.  A five foot eleven inch woman didn’t take the chance.  Towering over a man never ended well.
“Maybe they are sending him out to look you over.  Maybe he wants a date.  Maybe he feels badly about killing that man at the IRS.”
“Maybe you have no idea.”
“Correct.  I have no idea.  I don’t even know if he is dangerous.  Maybe he is here to clear Dulcinea from the playing field.”
“Fabulous.  Me in a skirt that won’t let me kick.”
“Sorry.  I was thinking about how good you looked.”
Anna pulled Catherine up and held her, their hips pressed together.
“Don’t go off with him.  Certainly do not get in a cab with him.  He wanted a dinner.  He gets a dinner.  That is all he gets.”
“Yes, Mom.”
They stared at each other again.  No words.  One kiss.  Anna stood in the doorway as Catherine strode to the elevator as if she were on a red carpet.  She looked over her shoulder and smiled.  Anna was looking exactly where she expected.



Chapter 14
The Blind Date

He seemed to be more broad than tall.  Wide shoulders, wide face.  But when she got closer she saw he exceeded her in height.  Shorter hair, but it was his posture that screamed “soldier.”  Blue eyes.  A pleasant smile.  A very formal suit and tie.  Not a tux, but a good match for Catherine’s gown.  
He had stood patiently opposite the hotel elevators.  She had kept him waiting ten minutes past their eight o’clock meeting time.  Ten minutes in Anna’s arms.  Ten minutes feeling Anna’s hands and hips.  Now him.  The mystery man.  
“Good evening, Major.”  
He stepped toward her and took her hand.  Catherine was tempted to get back on the elevator.  Why greet her by her old rank?  This meeting was about her time in the army?  Not a conversation she wanted to have.  And certainly not with a man with a Russian accent.  She set her shoulders and stared at the man.
“Explain why a Russian soldier wants to meet with me.”
“This Russian soldier was hoping you would join him for dinner.”
“You understand the irony of a Russian soldier and an American soldier meeting in Fulda.”
“I know my history.  And yours.  I think we will have an interesting meeting here.”
Catherine continued to stare at him.  He was maintaining a pleasant smile.  No apparent threat.  But.  He knew her history?  What was he intimating?  Catherine was confused, and annoyed.
“I don’t know who you are.  I don’t know the purpose of this meeting.  And I do not know why you chose Fulda for this meeting.”
“My name is Vasily Primakov.  Colonel Vasily Primakov.  As for this location, it will give us one more topic to discuss over dinner.  Will you join me?”
He pointed in the general direction of the dining room.  Catherine nodded and walked with him.  He had a long stride and held his head erect as he walked.  A man used to walking with a purpose.  She believed him.  He might well be a colonel.  About the right age in any army.  Late forties to early fifties.  
Very formal.  He seated her when they were led to their table.  He took the seat opposite her.  They had been given a table next to the windows, the gardens visible under low lights.  There were flowers and candles on the table.  A very attractive setting.  Neither of them spoke.  The restaurant was crowded and filled with the low hum of private conversations.  Vasily ordered wine.
“The gardens look attractive under the lights.  We were seated so we could see them.  We were also seated here because glass conducts our conversation quite well, as you know.”  Vasily maintained his pleasant smile as he spoke.
“They could put a microphone on our table, and it would not bother me.  I am an innkeeper from Wisconsin.  I have no secrets.”  Catherine looked at Vasily, but also looked past him.  Anna had been right.  All the other women in the restaurant were dressed formally.  Anna had put her in the right gown.
“Since we are in Germany, shall we order pork?”  The waiter had brought their wine and now stood waiting for their order.  Catherine nodded, and Vasily ordered for both of them.
“Since our meeting has gotten off to a confusing start, may I tell a story that is completely irrelevant?”  Catherine nodded, and Vasily continued.
“During the war, the Germans planted gardens in all their parks.  They were desperate for food.  But they continued to eat pork as their primary source of protein.  But, pigs have the same essential diet as humans, so anything they fed the pigs detracted from what they could feed people.  The Brits were also starving, but they raised sheep.  Sheep eat grass, something humans do not eat.  So the sheep did not compete with people for food.  An advantage the Brits may or may not have understood.”
“And the Russians?  What did you eat?”
“According to my father, they ate almost nothing.”
“Are you sure your story is irrelevant?  It seems to be one more opportunity to call the Germans stupid, and one more chance to describe the suffering of your people.” 
“And my purpose in telling this bit of trivia to you?”
“Well, it will certainly make me enjoy my dinner somewhat less.”
“Then I apologize.”
Each drank some wine.  Each stared at the other.  There was another pause in the conversation.  Catherine continued to feel confused and annoyed.
“I flew in from Washington last night.  I assume you flew from some place east of here.  I don’t know how much time is allotted for this meeting, but I assume at some point you will tell me why we are sitting here about to eat German pork.”
“You are to meet me and find me reasonably pleasant.  We will talk.  You will evaluate me and report back to your people.  And of course, I will report to mine.  Two soldiers once again doing their duty.”
“Have you Russians heard of Zoom?  We could both save a lot of air miles.”
“I think I would miss your smile.”   
There was something in his expression.  No effort to rush a quick explanation or attempt at persuasion.  Just an easy smile.  He sat motionless.  But on his face she saw … sympathy.  She studied that face.  Did she have it right?  Sympathy?
Their dinner came. The two of them ate.  Neither said another word.  Vasily refilled Catherine’s wine glass, then his own.  She noticed he ate like a European, his fork in his left hand.  She ate like an American.  Silly thing to notice.  Absolutely inconsequential.
They finished their dinner and drank the last of their wine.  Time to leave.
“It is a lovely evening and the gardens are very attractive.  Would you care to take a walk?”  Again, there was something in his expression that made her hesitate.  98% of her knew the answer was “no.”  Somehow 2% of her won out.  She nodded and followed him out the huge glass doors.
“I arrived earlier this afternoon, so I was able to wander a bit.  I think some of the most attractive flowers are in this area.”  
He led across the hotel’s patio area and down the stairs to the formal garden.  It was a pleasant evening.  A slight breeze.  It might be cool later, but it was comfortable at the moment.  She walked with him.  He was careful not to attempt to take her hand or put a hand on the small of her back as he turned down one of the garden paths.  He did not touch her.  She stayed at his side.
He paused at a particular planting.  There was limited light.  Larger shrubs filled much of the space.  It occurred to Catherine if this was a date, this was the kind of place where the man might look for a kiss.  If this was an assassination, he had found the perfect spot.  She moved her hands into a defensive position.  He leaned closer.
“I understand you are trained in martial arts.”
“Yes.”
“I will move slowly and carefully.”  
He leaned closer and touched both her hands.  He put them on his shoulders.  He moved closer and put a hand on her cheek.  He moved even closer and brought his face to hers as if in a kiss.  He hesitated, his mouth at her ear.
“You ask what this meeting was about.  The meeting is about you.  Dulcinea.  Who, what, why?  There is no end to the questions about you.”
“And you will ask them?”
“I have a different question.  Are you safe?  Do you need my help?”
“I am safe.  Here.  I am at some risk back in America.  Will I be at risk in Russia?”
“We are soldiers.  There are always risks.  But sometimes there are allies.”
“We are on opposite sides.”
“Yes.  And we need to end that.”  He moved his face back so he could look at her.  “You and I, Catherine.  We need to end that.”
“You want trust.  I want facts.  You will text me a biography.  I want to know who you are.”
“I will do that.  I will also text you pictures of my daughters.  You see me as a colonel.  You should also see me as a father.”
“And a good husband?”
“No.  Car accident.”  A shadow crossed his face.  Catherine was sympathetic, but she had her own points to make.
“You should know, whatever your biography, and no matter how pretty your daughters, I am here to learn about Quixote.  You will tell me about them, or go back to Moscow.”
“Our schedule is set.  We will meet two more days, then I will return to Moscow.”
“And I will return to Wisconsin.”
“No, you will continue on to Moscow.  Wisconsin is forbidden to you now.  We will talk more tomorrow.  Now.  If I kiss you, will you punch me?”
“Yes.”
“I thank you for dining with me, and for letting me put my hand on your cheek.  You are a lovely woman.”  
He straightened up and stepped back from Catherine.  She stood with her hands at her sides, then walked with him back to the hotel.  He waited in the lobby while she got on the elevator.  She walked back to her room wondering what the next two days would involve.


Chapter 15
Another Wedding Dress

Somewhere in the night Catherine slid out from under Anna and stood at her window.  Too many time zone changes.  Too many fears about her business, her lodge, her reputation.  She couldn’t sleep.  Fulda was a chaos of lights.  Little lights in the garden, larger lights on streets and around the town square.  She stared mostly at the garden lights.  Subdued.  Along walk ways.  Low to the ground.  Flickering as branches of this or that waved across them in the night breezes.  
Then the lights blurred.  And Catherine realized she was crying.  Too many time zone changes.  Too many fears about her business, her lodge, her reputation.  So much lost.  She hugged herself and cried.
Anna came up from behind, her arms wrapping around Catherine, pinning her arms to her sides.  Firm.  Holding her.  Pulling her back against herself, her mouth at Catherine’s ear.
“Lean back.  Let me hold you.  Let me take your weight.”
 Catherine wiped her eyes.
“I’m okay.”
“No you’re not.  There’s no reason you should be.  Now lean back into me.”
Catherine leaned back.  Not much.  A little.  And then a little more.
“I have you Catherine.  I have you.”
Anna pushed her hips up against Catherine’s.  Slid her thighs up close.
“Let me take your weight.  Lay your head back on my shoulder.  Relax your knees.  I can hold you.”
Catherine lay her head back.
“Your arms feel good.”
“So do my legs.  Relax and let me support you.”
Catherine bent her knees slightly and felt Anna under her.  Anna was warm.  Strong, yet soft.
“I couldn’t sleep.”
“You’ll sleep again when you are ready.  For now, we will just look at the garden.”
“I was crying.”
“You have many reasons to cry.”
“Your arms feel good.”
“I love holding you.”
Catherine kissed Anna’s neck, then turned toward the window.
“I have lost everything.”
“You have lost much.  Your life will be more difficult.  Maybe for months.  Maybe much longer.”
Catherine nodded her acknowledgement and slowly collapsed back onto Anna.  Anna held her.  They looked out at the lights.  At the garden.  
“Anna, thank you.  You have no idea how much I need you.”
Anna held Catherine against her, kissed her cheek, and stared out into the night.  It took time, but gradually Catherine’s breathing changed.  Slowed.  The two of them breathing in sync.  Catherine relaxed, melting back into Anna’s arms.
“I have never been so angry, so desperate, so scared.  And so in need.”
“This is not going to send soon, Catherine.  But I will stay with you.”
“Please.”
Anna kissed Catherine’s cheek and returned her to bed.  Anna wrapped herself around her.  Catherine pressed her face against Anna, and fell back asleep.  Anna held her through the night.
Anna began the morning with a question.  She raised herself above Catherine, her eyes directly above Catherine’s.
“What do you need from me?”
Catherine looked up.  She studied Anna before answering.
“I need a lover who would ask that question.  One who would understand just how meaningful it is.  I need a lover who will hold me in the night.  I need a lover I know will stay with me through whatever we are doing.  I need a lover who will press her thigh right there, yes, right there, so I am thinking about her and not an empty lodge in Wisconsin.  A little more… Yes.  I need a lover who will look at me exactly as you are now.  I need to look up and see the want in your eyes.  Yes, just like that.  Your hands just where they are.  Your mouth ready to kiss me.  I need all that.  You mentioned marriage.  I don’t know if you were serious.  But I would marry you.  I would be your wife.  Promise you will be with me more than one night a week.”
“We won’t be living in Moscow for just a few weeks, or even a few months.  We will likely be together there for years.  You know about our apartment.  We will entertain.  You will make friends.  We will listen to people.  You will learn Russian and listen too.  And sometimes do more than listen.  You will learn to make borsht.  You will please me.  And I will please you.”
“When I look up at you, will I see love?”
“You will see love.  You will see desire.  If you had looked, you would have seen it along that silly river.  I hate fishing.  But I couldn’t keep my eyes off you.  The way you moved.  The way you spoke to us.  I sat in the grass and all I could think was how much I wanted you.  Mosquitoes.  Ants in the grass.  Slimy fish.  And I wanted you.  I want you now.”
“You have me.  You know that.  So please ask.”
“Catherine, will you marry me?”
“Yes, I will be your wife.  A good Russian wife.  I will cook and clean and entertain.  I will help you.  I will listen.  I will do as you ask.”
Catherine spread her legs and opened her arms.  Anna made her hot.  The agreement was made.  The engagement begun.  A plan was outlined.  A shared vision established.  Roles defined.  Catherine accepted her place.  
Anna held Catherine in their bed, then in the shower, and in the bathroom as she did Catherine’s hair and makeup.  Always a hand on her.  A kiss, a smile, a look, a complement.  She told Catherine which of the day dresses to wear, and held her close as she raised Catherine’s zipper.  Touches.  Always touches.  Catherine waiting to be touched.  Waiting for Anna to look, smile, and touch.
They held hands as they went down to breakfast, this time early enough to make the breakfast buffet.  Anna took Catherine’s hand as she led her through a visit to the garden.  It was Anna who decided which pathway they would take, which flowers they would stand and admire.  Anna led.  Catherine followed.  The good Russian wife.
It was Anna who led the way across the town square to a jewelry store on one of the shopping streets.  It was Anna who dealt with a clerk who had limited English but understood the purpose of their visit.  It was Catherine who accepted a simple ring.  Yellow gold, small stone.  Slipped onto her finger with a kiss.
Anna’s next stop was obvious.  The shop was farther down the street.  Fortunately, not the shop Catherine had used the summer before.  Did Anna know about that other store and other dress?  Or was this just luck?  Catherine chose not to ask.  Instead, she followed Anna into the bridal shop.  Large show room.  White gowns and white decorations in every direction.  
Ceiling lights focused attention on the most current fashions.  Manikins modeled the perfect pose and the perfect size.  It was a dream shop for young women.  Several women were already in discussions with one of the clerks, but another clerk quickly approached Anna and Catherine.  Limited English, but again, the main elements took few words in any language.  She smiled, motioned, and led the woman directly back to one of the fitting rooms.  
Catherine preened.  There was no better word for it.  Several hours passed as Catherine pulled on one dress after another and stood for Anna’s inspection.  And approval.  And admiration.  Anna adjusted the fitting of one dress, but mostly she left that to the clerk.  She stood, she nodded, she said all the right things.  To her Catherine was beautiful in every gown.  Just more beautiful in a few.  And finally most beautiful in a ball gown styled dress in white satin.  Half sleeves – puffed.  Lace overlays on the bodice.  Skirt flared out over two petticoats. It was the perfect dress.  
An hour passed as Catherine moved about the room and saw herself in half a dozen mirrors.  And in each mirror she also saw Anna watching her, approval – and longing – on her face.  Another hour passed for measurements to get the skirt down past long legs all the way to the floor, and the bodice tightened at the waist.  Then the veil.  
The clerk brought out the veil, and Anna helped get the support in her hair and then the material around her shoulders and down to her elbows.  Silk mesh with an embroidered pattern.  Catherine looked through a sea of embroidered flowers.  She studied herself in six mirrors.  Anna took picture after picture.  Anna slowly raised the veil and took more pictures.  
Catherine studied herself.  Finally a bride.  Her marriage partner in the room.  Anna looking, approving, admiring.  There would be a marriage, and Catherine would be Anna’s bride.  A Russian wife.  Sharing a Russian apartment.  Meeting people.  And listening.  A task she could understand.  A task that gave her some pride.  A task that had value.  Maybe to the State Department.  Maybe to old friends at the NSA.  It might take years, but the woman fleeing imprisonment and ruin might be able to rebuild her reputation.  In the meantime, she had a lover who wanted her more than one night a week.  For that woman she would be a very good wife.



Chapter 16
Vasily has Daughters

Catherine and Anna wandered through several more shops – shoes mostly – then returned to the hotel.  They chose a table on the patio, a large shade umbrella overhead.   A waiter brought lemonade and Anna showed Catherine pictures from the dress shop.  They leaned together and scrolled.  Anna said all the right things.  Catherine saw what she hoped she would see – a tall attractive woman, very much a bride.  Yes, forty six.  But a bride.  Her figure fit the dress in all the important places.  Her smile was the smile of a bride.
Eventually Anna excused herself, off to report to whomever she was required to report to.  Catherine had a second lemonade.  For the first time that day she thought of Vasily.  He had said two more days were scheduled.  Two more dinners?  She had demanded more information about him.  Where was it?  She had no phone.  It had stayed back at her lodge.  So how would he reach her?  His problem.  If he really was a colonel, he would figure something out.
The thought had barely crossed her mind, when a bell hop approached with a large envelope.   Vasily.  First, images of his daughters.  Beautiful.  And young.  Valentina 5, and Annika 7.  Young enough to be granddaughters.  Second wife?  Third?  Catherine studied the pictures.  Each girl was smiling, but there seemed a slight difference.  An extra intensity to Valentina’s smile.  She wanted her smile to be seen.  Extravert.  Annika?  A smile was expected, so a smile was supplied.  Still, a nice little girl smile.  Both wearing frilly dresses, but Catherine was sure they rarely sat still in those dresses.  She had visions of them running around the house.
Vasily had included a description of each.  Interests.  Activities.  Particular skills.  Based on his description they would both be gifted artists, Olympic athletes, and scientific prodigies.  What the descriptions really said was they had a proud father.  A single father.  How did that work?  He didn’t say.
As for Vasily, born in Moscow into a military family.  Raised through military schools.  Commissioned in 1989.  So he was fifty or fifty two, and had started a military career at exactly the wrong time.  His country, the Soviet Union, was about to disappear.  That old Chinese curse – may you live in interesting times.  It didn’t get much more interesting than the first ten years of his career, about which he said almost nothing.  But he didn’t need to.  His rank said volumes.  The Russians had three ranks of Colonel.  He had made the senior rank – Polkovnik.  
What did he actually do?  He didn’t say, and Catherine hadn’t expected him to.  He mentioned that he was now stationed outside Moscow and was happy to be home with his girls most nights.
Pictures of his house.  Small.  Very Russian with the elaborate woodwork around the windows.  Steeply pitched roof.  His town must get lots of snow.  Why the pictures of his house?  A sign of his stability?  Not a sign of wealth.  An ordinary house.  Whatever colonels got paid, it didn’t result in luxury.
Final paragraphs?  He enjoyed their dinner.  He thought her beautiful.  He hoped he hadn’t bored her.  He would like to have dinner again.  Eight?  He would check at the front desk if she wished to cancel.  Otherwise he would wait at the elevator.  
Catherine thought “yes.”  He was an interesting man, and he cared about his daughters.  She was willing to see him again.  Besides, in Moscow her job would be to listen.  She would start now.
And now?  She went for a walk.  She had only taken three or four steps when she realized she had a destination.  This would not be a random walk.  There was a place she wanted to see.
Catherine had lived in Fulda.  Her first posting after OCS.  Brand new Second Lieutenant.  Twenty two years old.  Sent to Germany.  Sent to Fulda when the Americans still had a post there.  Briefly assigned to officer’s quarters, then given an apartment in town.  A special apartment.  Catherine walked there now.  It was just past the train station.  Practically on the train tracks.  Adjacent to a parking lot for train passengers, and just a block from a bridge that supported one of the major highways through town.  Put another way, it was the noisiest, dirtiest, most congested apartment building in Europe.  Hers.
It took Catherine less than ten minutes to walk there.  And to see nothing had changed.  In a country where efforts were made to give even the cheapest apartment buildings some pretense of quality or antiquity, no effort had been made for her building.  A concrete rectangle.  Four simple windows at street level, four more on the level above.  A simple door in the middle.  A narrow walkway.  No attempt at a porch.  Its appearance screamed the truth of the building – no one with any money or any other options would live in a building that shook as every train rolled to a stop, and turned gray as exhaust fumes rained down from the highway bridge.  No tiled roof or garden balcony would make any difference.  This building would only be rented by the desperate.
Catherine had lived there for three years, and loved it.  Not for the building, and certainly not for the noise and the air pollution.  She loved it for the secret.  And for the trust placed in her.
Decades had passed.  Iraq, Afghanistan, Fort Meade, and finally her lodge in the middle of nowhere.  The apartment forgotten, the secret forgotten, or so she had thought.  Then last summer she had returned in pursuit of a killer.  And the apartment was there.  To contain a new secret.  Now a Russian secret.  She looked up at the building.  Still so plain.  Now so quiet.  The Russians dead, the nuclear device captured, a city saved.
A woman she had trusted had wanted to take her to Moscow after the nuke had been hidden.  A woman she had trusted.  A woman she had loved.  And then helped kill.  So much had happened in that tiny, noisy, dirty apartment.  So well hidden.  So plain, yet so deadly.
Catherine stood out on the sidewalk.  She looked.  Her hands formed fists, then relaxed, then formed fists again as she thought about her last encounter with the apartment.  And with Russians.
She would meet Vasily again.  Have dinner with him.  Have a pleasant conversation about his girls.  Maybe walk out into the garden again.  And maybe kiss him if he asked again.  There was only one certainty in her relationship with him.  She would never see him again after tomorrow.



Chapter 17
A Friendlier Dinner

Catherine took a long time preparing for her evening.  She was wrapped in one of the new dresses - golden satin with spaghetti straps and a flared skirt that merely approached her knees.  Anna did her makeup.  She pressed Catherine back against the bathroom counter and held her there with her hips.  She put one hand on Catherine’s chin and moved her head as she worked.
“Remember, don’t go anywhere with him.  Just because he didn’t hurt you last night doesn’t mean he won’t hurt you tonight.”
“He sent pictures of his daughters.”
“He sent two pictures of little girls.  You don’t know if they are his, or just two pictures off the Internet.”
“True.  But we are to listen to Russians, right?  I will listen to him.  We will be in the dining room downstairs.  I will be perfectly safe.”
“Don’t let him touch you.”
“I can’t tell if you are being a big sister or a jealous lover.”
“Just remember the ring on your finger.  Our marriage may come later this week, but our engagement is now.  You are my Russian wife.  Promised, and soon to be delivered.”  Anna kept her hand on Catherine’s chin and held her face as she kissed her.  “Who do you belong to?”
“I am yours.  By the way, I like jealousy.  Feel free to be a little rough with me when I get back.”
Catherine waited for a bit more work on her face, then sat to pull on the one pair of heels she had purchased.  Only two inch stilettoes, but she thought they made her legs look good.  When she stood and looked back at Anna, she knew she had picked the right shoes.
Vasily was waiting at the elevator.  Eight fifteen.  She had been tempted to make him wait even longer.  She felt worth it.  She knew she looked good, and she knew she had a lover waiting for her upstairs.  She was proud of herself.  Engaged.  Days from being a Russian wife.
He looked pretty good too.  He wore a tux.  Black jacket, stripes down his pant legs, a ruffled shirt and bow tie.  Very formal.  Also very confident. 
“You were beautiful last night.  You are stunning tonight.”  Vasily gave her a quick hug and a kiss on each cheek.
“Thank you.”  Catherine took his hand, and they wandered through the hotel, through the restaurant to their table.  She was halfway to the table before she realized she had taken his hand.  So much for, “Don’t let him touch you.”
Once again, they were seated by the windows, and once again Vasily held her chair.
“I hope you will tell me about your daughters.  They look exceptional.  I sensed energy.”
“My life has been endless surprises.  They are a gift.”
A waiter arrived.  Vasily ordered wine.  They both ordered food.  Neither paid much attention to the process.  Dinner would be served formally, and correctly, and be of no consequence.  They each studied the other, looking over the candles lit in the center of their table.
“You wished to know more about me.  What more would you like me to tell you?”
“I will not ask about your military career, although I am impressed with your success during such a time of turmoil.”
Vasily hesitated before answering.
“Turmoil.  Not a bad word.  The Warsaw Pact disappears and divisions that were ours now become divisions that are yours.  NATO flags fly over tanks that had hoisted red flags.”
“I’m sorry.  Maybe we shouldn’t talk about that.”
“We should, Major.  We should.”  He was leaning forward, his forearms on the table.  “And where better than in Fulda, where we would have met on the field of battle.”
“And you wish to do this now?”  Catherine also leaned forward, and she felt her bare shoulders begin to flex.
“No, Major.  I would prefer tomorrow.  And I prefer we travel to the old line.”
“Why would we do that?”
“I have several matters to discuss with you.”  He mouthed the word “Private.”
“I will go with you.  But you must call me Catherine.  I am no longer a soldier.  Or your enemy.”
“I will call you Catherine.  But you must tell your shoulders and hands we are no longer enemies.”
Catherine looked down and noticed her hands had clenched into fists.  She rolled her shoulders until they relaxed and put her hands back in her lap.
“Vasily, let’s do this.  Let’s save talk of war and politics for tomorrow.  For tonight you will tell me about your daughters, and I will tell you about my home.”
“Yes.”  Their wine had arrived, and he raised his glass in a toast.  “To homes and children.”
“Yes.  Homes and children.”
For the next hour they looked across the candles at each other, drank wine, ate dinner, and talked about children and home.  It was only after the wine was nearly gone and dinner nearly over that he spoke about his wife.
“You know the ages of my girls, and you know I must be at least fifty.  I am fifty one.  So, there is a question you have been too kind to ask.  I will ask it for you.  Why would an attractive twenty four year old woman marry a forty two year old major?  It is a good question.  One I have asked countless times.  I have no good answer.  I am not rich, famous, or handsome.  I am a soldier.  Why would she have me?  I do not know.”
Catherine studied his face.  He was leaning forward, talking quietly.  His face was broad, his eyebrows thick, his nose slightly askew from some past break, his chin strong.  But it was his eyes she found herself examining.  How much was he letting her see?  She thought maybe all of him.  
“Vasily, last night you asked me to walk in the garden with you.  Do you have flowers you would like me to see tonight?”
“Yes, I do.”  And she saw joy in those eyes.
They were in the formal garden minutes later.  Deep in amongst some shrubs.
“Tonight you can kiss me, and I will not punch you.”  
Catherine stood close, her hands now on his shoulders.  As he had the night before, he placed one hand on her cheek.  But now the other hand went across her back, and when he moved his mouth to hers he slowly kissed her.
“You are a beautiful woman, Catherine.”
“You are a good man.  I will go with you tomorrow and we can discuss war.  Tonight, you can kiss me again if you like.”
They stood together and kissed many times, holding each other tight.  Eventually they heard other people in the garden, so they left.  They held hands as they walked back to the lobby, and kissed again as she got on the elevator.   She wasn’t sure what to say to him.  She backed into the elevator and matched his smile as the doors closed.



Chapter 18
Old Soldiers and Old Borders

Anna had obviously decided to go full seductress.  The lights in the room were set low.  She had scented the air.  She lay on the bed in her red night gown, one strap down over a shoulder, her hair spread across a pillow, her skirt pulled high.  She knew how to attract a woman.  Catherine sat on the side of the bed to take off her shoes, then stayed there.
“You were with him longer tonight.  Longer at dinner, longer in the garden.”
“We talked about his girls.”
“I think you did more than talk.”
“And if we did?  We were sent here to meet him.  Well, I have met him.  We have shared two dinners.  Tomorrow we will go to the old border between East and West Germany.  He wishes to tell me something private.”
“How many times did you kiss him?”  Anna grabbed Catherine’s arm and pulled her down on the bed.  She straddled her, sitting on her hips and holding her shoulders down.
“Several times.”
“I see it in your face.  The woman who was afraid last night is proud of herself now.”
“Yes, I am.  Thank you for that.”  Catherine tried to reach up and pull Anna to her.  Anna forced both her hands back onto the bed.  She had strong arms and a strong grip.  Catherine didn’t struggle, but she did wonder if she would win.
“Be careful where your pride takes you.  You already have some love for Vasily.  And you love his daughters.  Girls you have not even met.”
“Not love.  Maybe friendship.”
“What time do you meet him tomorrow?”
“Ten.”
“You will be in his bed before noon.”
“I would not do that to you.”
“You will do it with him, and with other men – and other women – when we get to Moscow.”
“No.”
“Yes.  Now go change and come to bed.  You will need your rest.”
Catherine hurried to the closet, hung her dress, washed away her makeup, then pulled on a very short satin night gown.  She stood at the side of the bed waiting for Anna’s approval.  
“Yes, you look hot.  Now come to me so I can make you hotter.”
Catherine slipped into bed next to Anna.  She lay tight against her, their faces nearly touching.
“Thank you for comforting me last night.  Thank you for this morning.  Thank you for making me feel worth looking at.  I am grateful to be your wife.”  She held up the hand with the ring.  “I will do anything for you.”
“Vasily has something important to tell you.  Listen to him.  Listen to what he says, and what he doesn’t say.  He is an old friend of General Orlov.  We think Orlov runs the Quixote group.  Please the man if you wish to.  But at least listen to him.  He will leave tomorrow night.  You and I will stay.  We will marry later this week.  I will promise to love you.  You will promise to be a good wife.  And our life together will officially begin.  It will be a good life, Catherine.  You will like Moscow far more than you imagine.”  
Anna slid onto Catherine, once again her warm, satin blanket.  Her protector.  Catherine lay back, closed her eyes, and enjoyed the warmth of Anna.  She slept through the night.

Vasily was waiting in the lobby at ten.  It was another beautiful June day.  Catherine wore one of her sun dresses.  Vasily wore jeans and a polo shirt.  Two friends off for a day in the country.
Vasily drove.  He knew the way.  No hesitation at intersections.  No questions for Catherine.  He knew how to get to the old border post.  Catherine understood the meaning of that.  This was a battlefield he had studied.
The border between the old East Germany and West Germany had disappeared thirty years earlier.  But an American observation post had been kept as a reminder.  A small block building in a grove of trees.  Four acres of history.  A history quickly being forgotten.  There were only two other cars in the parking lot.
Catherine led the way into the building.  It had already been abandoned by the time she arrived during her years in Fulda.  But she had been able to take her soldiers inside to show them the quarters and meeting rooms and communications rooms.  She had wanted the men in her platoon to see the place and recognize its purpose and its need.  
Now she took Vasily inside.  Most of the rooms had been repurposed by the local historical society.  Rooms filled with bunks now held pictures with long explanations.  Descriptions were in German and in English.  They tried to explain the history of the border.  But now, thirty years after the removal of the barbed wire and the mines, she wondered if the school groups coming through had any sense of what had gone on here – and what might have happened.  Did adults ever visit?  Or was this a monument to a history locals chose to forget?
The old mess hall was now a snack bar.  Vasily bought coffee for them.  They carried them outside and up the many stairs of the observation tower.  Thirty feet up was a wooden platform maybe twenty feet square.  If you knew where to look, you could see where a host of observation tools had been screwed into the planks.  Glasses to see, tools to measure distances that had been measured thousands of times during the decades the platform had stood.  If tanks appeared on the eastern horizon, men standing at this railing would count, measure distances, and signal men on the ground and troops back in Fulda.  If they could get it done before enemy artillery blew them to pieces.
Catherine and Vasily stood along the railing.  The eastern edge.  Looking east over the rolling hills labeled “Fulda Gap” on every military map.
“You and I would not have fought here.”  Vasily was standing close.  Both his hip and his shoulder touching Catherine.  She made no effort to move from him.
“True.  I arrived in 1992.  Germany had already been unified.”
“My service began in 1989.  We waited to be sent to the west.  When the East German guards suddenly opened the gates and the wall came down.  We expected our tanks to roll as they had in Hungary and Czechoslovakia.  We waited for orders that never came.”
“If you had come through here…”
“We knew the consequences.  We knew about your nuclear mines.”
“You knew?”  Catherine turned to face him.
“I was a junior officer.  I barely knew how to drill my company.  But our senior officers knew.  Your senior officers told them.  You had nukes in the ground.  It was common knowledge.  You wanted us to know, so we would not come and you would not have to use them.”
“So you would not have come this way?”
“I did not say that.”
Catherine continued to stand close.  She studied his face.  She had this sense he wanted to say more.  What did he want to say?
“My company provided security while the mines were removed.”
“That is much responsibility for a new lieutenant.”
“I had a captain and a major watching.  They made sure I did nothing stupid.”
“But you got them out.  At great risk to you.  Old mines, left in the ground for decades.  Equipment degrades.  You were brave to be here.  Many things could have gone wrong.”
“I was proud and relieved that the mines were removed.  I felt much better living in Fulda.  They were no longer at risk.  It was like I could look them in the eyes and not feel, well, guilty.”
“You are a peacemaker.”
“I am a civilian.”
They looked east across land that was now primarily pastures.  Catherine was now certain he wanted to say more.  Some other aspect of this conversation.  They had climbed the tower.  They had seen the rolling hills of the Fulda Gap.  There was no reason for them to stay up on the tower.  Except he was making no effort to leave.  What more was he waiting to say?  
Catherine tried again.
“I assume you have been to other battlefields.  The most important battlefield in America is Gettysburg.  It stands as it was during the battle.  You can walk where each attack happened.  I have stood on Missionary Ridge where Pickett attacked.  A division of Confederate troops walking across a quarter mile of open fields facing massed muskets and cannons backed just below the ridge out of sight.  Protected from counter-battery fire.  Horses pulled the cannon into position as Picket crossed the field.  And the cannons fired charge after charge of ball bearings into the massed Confederates.  The war continued after Pickett’s men died on that field, but the victor was determined that day.”
“To us, the big battle was Kursk.  The largest tank battle ever fought.  The Germans came at our lines from two sides.  It was their spring offensive.  They would smash our lines and then march on Moscow.  But we knew they were coming.  It was obvious.  And we had all winter to build tanks.  Better tanks than theirs.  Better defenses.  We still lost 800,000 troops.  The Germans lost 200,000.  But they battered themselves against our defenses until they were exhausted.  We drove out of those defenses and chased exhausted Germans from Kursk to Berlin.”
“Vasily.”  Catherine put her hands on his shoulders.  She stood close and looked up into his face.  “Why are we standing on this platform telling war stories?”
“Battlefields change.  Technology changes them.  Your battle was fought with massed muskets and cannons firing grape-shot.  Kursk was fought with tanks.  Fulda was never fought because of your nukes.”
“And the next battle?”
“It’s already being fought – Dulcinea.”
“Is that your message, Vasily?  Is that why I came to Fulda?  So you could tell me our countries are at war?  Yes, I know about your Troll Farm in St. Petersburg.  We know you fill our weaker people with outrage and lies.  Are we standing here for you to tell me that?”  Catherine grabbed the fabric of his polo shirt.  She pulled it tight at the top of his shoulders.
“You are a third degree black belt.”  Vasily left his hands at his sides.  “I am larger than you, and not defenseless.  I might win.  You might win.  And we both might end up flying over one of these railings.  To what end?”
“You tell me.  I was forced to come to Fulda.  Forced to meet with you.  Why?  Why am I standing on this platform with you?”
“I wished to see this place.  That is all.  And, I wished to spend a spring morning with a lovely woman.”
“A woman you call Dulcinea.”
“The beautiful and innocent.  I believe you are, Catherine.  Both.  Beautiful, and innocent.  I came to see you, to meet you.  I will report back that you are beautiful and innocent.  Others will decide whether to believe me.”
“And now?  Are we done?”
“In a perfect world, I would take your hand, lead you to my home, and introduce you to my daughters.”
“And in an imperfect world?”
“In an imperfect world, it is wartime, and people get hurt.  Especially peacemakers.”
Catherine loosened her grip on his shirt.  Then she smoothed the fabric over his shoulders.  They were broad, and solid.  She ran her hands over his shoulders several more times.  Finally they both laughed about it.
“Vasily, do you have more pictures of your girls?”
“Yes.  I would love to spend the afternoon showing them to you.  By the way, I sent them your picture.  They think you are beautiful.”
“Vasily.”  Catherine left her hands on his shoulders.  “I have done what I was asked to do.  I have come to Fulda and I have met with you.  You have done what you were told to do.  You have evaluated me and visited an old battlefield.  I think we are done.  Drive me back to Fulda.  I am going back to Wisconsin.”
“You are going to Moscow next.”
“Yes.  I apologize for such an obvious lie.”
“It will be dangerous for you.  You must be very careful.”
“I know it is dangerous.  But I have a duty.”
 “If you come to Moscow, I hope you will be safe.  And I hope my daughters will meet their new mother.”
Catherine’s breath caught in her throat.  She grabbed the top of his shirt again, twisting the material in her fists.  She had no idea why.  He wrapped his arms around her.  He held her tight, his face pressed against hers.
“I offer you my love, and the love of my daughters.”
Catherine twisted once in his arms, then stopped.  
“I can’t do that.”
“You will love my daughters.  And they will love you.”
They stood, kissed, and then descended the stairs.  His hotel was about three blocks from Catherine’s.  The hotel was smaller, the rooms were smaller, the beds were smaller.  She noticed they slid beneath the covers just before noon.



Chapter 19
Time with Him

The sex was great, the talking and touching better.  They spent the afternoon in bed lying tight against each other, getting used to the feel of the other’s hand on their body.  Studying the other’s face on their shared pillow.  Sometimes talking, sometimes just watching how the other’s mouth moved, or how eye color seemed to change slightly as light in the room changed.
Conversations floated off in random directions.  Catherine talked about the trees outside her lodge, then about songs women chose to sing at evening bonfires on her beach.  Vasily spoke about reading stories to his girls and about taking the train east into Siberia.  Eventually the easy conversations turned more substantial.  Catherine asked about his wife.
“She was walking to the subway.  A car flew up over the curb and killed her.  Drunk driver.  Drunk and rich.  He paid the police.  There were no charges.”
“When was this?”
“Eleven months ago.”
“And your daughters?”
“We moved to my mother’s house.  I have been reassigned to a desk job.  Much less traveling.  I am home most nights.  We are doing our best.”
“But you are here.”
He smiled and played with the hair that lay across her face.
“You will not like to hear this.”
“Oh?”
“I was the fourth choice to meet you.  They selected three younger and better looking officers.  They planned seduction.  You would meet, be attracted, tell them everything.  One got ill.  One had an emergency in his unit.  One was unwilling to travel.  He didn’t want to take the time.  And me?  I command a desk.  My days are empty.  They promised me I would only be gone three days, so I accepted.”
“Why does this meeting matter to your people?”
“They are not sure about you.  You could be a real help to their trolling.  Or you could be trouble.  They don’t know.  So, they sent someone out to look.”
“Why Fulda?”
“That was me.”  Vasily chuckled.  “Sorry.  Completely selfish.  They wanted to meet with you outside of Russia.  Poland was the first choice.  But when I got the job, I said Fulda.  I read your background.  I argued you had been stationed here, you would be more comfortable, more likely to tell the truth.  But the real reason was the Gap.  I wanted to see it from the other side.”  
“That’s what this morning was about?”
“Yes.  I have memorized the topology of the Gap.  I must have ten different maps.  But I wanted to see it.”
“And the talk of marriage?”
“The more I read about you, the more interested I became.  Then two dinners.  My girls loved your picture…”
“And you thought, hey, let’s just stand at the border of East and West Germany, review the battlefield, and she will just fall into my arms.”
“I know.  Dumb.  But I had to try.  I plan to try again.”  He was playing with the hair at the back of Catherine’s neck as he spoke.  He had a light touch for a big man.  And everything in his look said, yes, he would try again.
Catherine watched his eyes.  His reactions as she spoke, his movements as he prepared his next question or next statement.  If he had been trained in interrogation, he had been trained well.  Or, he was as he seemed.  A man getting to know a woman.  A man who seemed very interested in the woman.  Interested, and puzzled.
“Yesterday you bought a wedding dress.  Who is the man in your life?”
“There are people watching me?”
“Yes.  Three I think.”
“If they saw me, they saw who was with me.  Her.  I will marry her.”  
“You love her?”
“Yes.”
“But you are with me.”
“Yes.”
“Catherine, before I came to Fulda, I read the beginning of the Quixote book.  It is huge.  But I read the first few chapters.  Dulcinea is the mistress of Quixote, mistress in the spiritual sense.  Innocent and beautiful.  You are both.”
“I am neither.”
“I see the woman who is with me now.  I see an innocent woman trying to do right.  And, by the way, I find you very beautiful.”
“You make me feel beautiful.”
“I am pleased.” 
There was another long pause in their conversation.  He had one hand wrapped around her, holding her tight.  The other caressed her side or slid through her hair.  She kept a hand on his cheek, holding his face as she kissed him.  There was much more to say, and they needed time before they said it.
“You will fly back to Moscow tomorrow?”
“Yes, I promised my girls I would be home tomorrow night.”
“What gifts will you bring them?”
“German chocolate of course.  And tonight, maybe you will help me pick some fairy tale books.  You can read the books to the girls when you come to visit.”
“Keep asking, but I will make no promises.”
“You are right.  I will keep asking.”
“You say you were the fourth choice for this meeting.  I think you were the first.”
“Catherine, I hope we will meet again in Moscow.  I hope you will visit with me and my daughters.  I hope, when you know us, you will love us.  Maybe someday you will be my wife.”
“There are a million reasons why I cannot marry you.  Maybe one or two why I should.”
“I have a soldier’s salary, a very old house, and two girls who will fill your days.”
“Let’s shop for your books and have dinner.  I will help find things for your girls.”
He held her hand as they explored the stores near the town plaza.  Germany has very good bookstores, so they had many choices of fairy tales.  The books were in German.  Vasily said his girls studied German and English.  Catherine wondered if the girls would laugh as she attempted German pronunciations.  And she imagined what that would be like.  Young girls, sitting with her, laughing with her.  They ended up buying four books, two for Vasily to take with him, two for Catherine to bring as gifts – if she came.
Dinner was at a sidewalk café.  Food, wine, them sitting close and talking.  Conversation came so easily.  He took her hand and held it while they talked.  They looked at each other.  She noticed the shoulders under his polo shirt.  He looked at the thighs under her skirt.  Easy smiles from both of them.  Warm smiles.  
There was a moment as they left the restaurant.  He took her hand.  He might walk her back to her hotel.  Or, he might take her back to his hotel.  They stood, they looked at each other, each making a decision.  She liked his choice.  She liked being with him.  She held his hand and enjoyed the evening air.  And, she enjoyed a return to his bed.  The night was most about holding, kissing, touching, feeling close.  
They made love again in the morning.  She played with his hair and held his face.  She pulled his face to her as he climaxed.  Her arms circled his head and held him tight.  Her legs wrapped around him.  She wanted him.  Yesterday he had talked of marriage.  If he asked today, she was certain of her answer.  She wanted him.  In her mind it was settled.  She wanted him.  She thought she felt something from him.  His arms circled her chest and held her so tight she was almost crushed.  And she wanted that too.  She wanted him.
She thought she might have him in the shower.  His hand went to her breast, his palm doing a slow circle over and over.  She felt him getting aroused again.  He wanted her.  She could feel it in his hand, and see it in this eyes.  She waited for him to say the words.  To ask the question.  He didn’t.
She helped him pack, folding his shirts and laying them in his bag.  They stood side by side, getting him ready to leave.  Their hips touched.  He took her hand as they walked out to his car.  Bag in his trunk, they stood together on the sidewalk.  Another kiss.  His arms around her.  She waited.  All he had to do was open the car door right beside her and say the words.  Hold her tighter.  Lean her back against the car.  Ask a simple question.  Yes or no.  Push her towards the door.  She imagined herself taking a seat, smiling up at him as he closed the door and took her off to a new life.  
He never asked the question.  He held her, he kissed her.  He never opened the car door to the woman’s seat.  The wife seat.  She was standing right there.  He just needed to ask.  He mentioned Moscow.
“I would like to visit you in Moscow.”
“Yes, please do.”  
Very pleasant.  They would part as friends.  She wanted to punch him.
He gave her yet another kiss, smiled, and got in his car.  A minute later he had disappeared around a corner.  She thought this was the worst version of Casablanca ever.  Bogie gets on the plane to Lisbon and leaves Ingrid Bergman standing in the airport parking lot.  Catherine stood on the sidewalk for a few minutes.  Maybe he would realize his mistake and come back.  But he didn’t.
The morning was cool.  Catherine wrapped her arms tight around her and hurried back to her hotel.  She wasn’t sure whether to cry or to scream.  She did neither.  She clenched her teeth, pushed her way back into the hotel and punched the elevator button to her floor.  There would be no Vasily in her life.  



Chapter 20
Wedding Day

Anna was still in bed when Catherine got up to their room.  In bed, but obviously awake.  Obviously ready for Catherine.  She lifted the bed covers.
“Get in.”
Catherine kicked off her shoes and slid in next to Anna.  Anna was instantly on top of Catherine, her arms wrapped around Catherine’s neck, her face just above Catherine’s.
“I knew you’d spend the night with him.  And I assume it was fabulous.”
“Don’t.  Just leave it alone.”  Catherine lay quietly.  Anna tightened her grip.  Catherine made no attempt to fight her off.  She was not sure that she could.  And not sure that she wanted to.    She didn’t want to talk.  Except that she was desperate to talk.  
“He charmed you, fucked you, and left.”
“I was standing right there.  He said he wanted to marry me.  All he had to do was ask.  All he had to do was open the damn car door.  I would have gone anywhere with him.”
“Men are like gerbils.  Don’t try to understand their thinking.  They don’t understand it either.”
“Mmm.”  Catherine looked up at Anna.  Her teeth were still clenched. 
“You explained to him you are marrying me?”
“Yes.  He already knew.  They have three people watching us.  They saw us buy the dress.”
“So…”
“He still could have asked.”
“He’s too old for you anyway.  Old and retired.”
“He’s not retired.  He is still active duty.”
“He’s a million years old.”
“Thanks.  He’s just five years older than me.”
“He looks older.”
“He does not.”
“He is lying to you if he says he is a day under sixty.  But ignore that.  You have this ancient warrior fucking you, and you have me.  Two lovers in two days.  You must be proud of yourself.”
“Yes.  I am.”  And Catherine had to admit she was.  For all the misfortune of the last few days, she had gone from a man who ignored her six days a week, to two people who actually wanted her.  Well, at least one who wanted her and one who might want her.
And Catherine immediately felt guilty.
“Anna, I…  I promise to be faithful.  You know I love you.  I…”
“You needed proof you were attractive.  Yes, you had me, but here is this other lover.  A man.  A man who might want you more than once a week.  Good.  Now you know you have a choice.  He’s may be waiting for you in Moscow.  Pick one of us.”
“You.”  Catherine reached up.  “Please.”
“Roll over.”  Anna moved so Catherine could roll onto her stomach.  Once there, Anna bound her wrists with a pillow case and pulled down the zipper on her dress.  “Now roll back.”
Catherine rolled onto her back.  Anna pulled Catherine’s dress down to her waist, then lay on her again.  She spent some time playing with Catherine’s hair.  Nor really looking at her.  Just running her fingers through Catherine’s hair and letter her feel her weight.
“We will marry this afternoon.  Last chance to say ‘no.’”
“My answer is ‘yes.’  Thank you for asking.”
“Yes by choice?  No second thoughts about the old Russian or Jim?  No thoughts about getting on a plane back to Wisconsin?”
“Those are two separate questions.  Do I have a choice?  Not about some things.  I’m not stupid.  I know where I stand.  If I go back, they put me in a jail cell.  If I stay here, State will reveal my location, and I end up in a cell.  If I go to Russia on my own, what do I do – ask random strangers where to find the Quixote troll farm?  No.  I need you.  I know that, you know that.  But that has no connection to the second question.  Do I want this?  Yes.  I want to be with you.  I want to marry you.  I want to be your wife.  Surely you see that when you look at me.  You study my eyes.  You know I love you.  I will go with you.  To your apartment.  As your wife.  We will listen, and we will learn.”
“As my Russian wife.  You must understand that.  Russian women are at the bottom.  Under the Czars, under the Bolsheviks, men were slaves to the state.  But masters of their home.  That was the agreement.  The agreement is still in force.  As my wife you will obey me.  When people visit us, they will expect to see that.  In what you do, and how you look at me.  Submission.  You may pretend to submit at first, but soon – sooner than you think – you will no longer be pretending.”
“And with two women?”
“It is even more important for one to show she leads.”
“I still wish to marry you.  To live with you.  To be your Russian wife.  I love you.”
“I love you and will protect you.  You will love me and obey me.  That is the agreement for Russian women.  That is the agreement you sign this afternoon.”
Anna spent the next hours handling Catherine in any way she chose.  There was pleasure.  There was pain.  Anna did what she wanted.  Catherine laid still, waiting for Anna to decide which would come next.  At no time did she say “stop.”  Several times she said “please.”  Anna did what she chose.
After most of the morning was gone, Anna slid up Catherine’s body and stared down into her eyes.  She saw tears.  She kissed Catherine and brushed the tears from her face.
“Do you still wish to marry me?”
“Yes.  I wish to marry you.”
“Will you obey me?”
“Yes, I will obey you.”  Anna looked into her eyes and knew she spoke the truth.
It was noon before they were out of the shower, and later by the time they were ready to go out.  Catherine did as she was told.  She stood as Anna did her makeup.  She wore the dress and shoes Anna gave her.  She waited as Anna put on her own dress and then chose shoes with three inch heels.  Anna would be taller.  Anna would command.
First stop was City Hall.  The Maritim Hotel was at one end of the city flower gardens.  City Hall was at the other.  It was a lovely day, but Anna moved quickly through the flowers.  She held Catherine’s hand and pulled her along.  It took but a few minutes to get to the office they needed.  A clerk heard the word “marriage” and moved to an inner office.  She motioned for them to follow.  A middle aged man sat behind a desk staring at his computer screen.  He barely looked up at the women.
There was a long stream of German, then a pause when he got no response.  He turned toward the women and looked at them for the first time.  More German followed.  Anna understood the word “Reisepass”.  Passport.  Anna took hers from her bag.  She had a fresh fake passport for Catherine and handed that over as well.  He accepted both, quickly looked through them, then shook his head.  He appeared ready to return them when Anna tried.
“English?”
“Yes, I speak English.  I do not speak Russian.”  He still had their passports in his hand, ready to return them.
“We wish to marry.”  Anna pointed to herself and Catherine.
“I understand.  Not legal in Russia.  Legal in Germany.”
Both women nodded.
“You come, wrong city.  Fulda is very Catholic.”
“We wish to marry.  Today.”
He still held the passports, and still appeared ready to return them.  He studied the two women.  Anna put an arm around Catherine’s shoulders.
“Please.”
Another pause while he made a decision, and then determined conditions.
“You will be…”  He struggled for the word in English.  “Discreet.  No party.  No flowers.  No balloons.  No pictures.  Two women only.”  Anna and Catherine nodded as he spoke.  “We close at five.  You come five of five.  Room one oh eight.”  They nodded their agreement.
It took him fifteen minutes to enter their passport information into his computer.  Out came a form.  Official stamps, a picture of city hall across the top.  “Hochzeit” took much of the middle.  He placed the form on a corner of his desk.  He pointed to “Hochzeit”.  “Marriage.  You sign here.”
They signed, he signed, he gave them a bill.  Anna gave him a credit card.  He stared at it and called his clerk.  She took the card out to her area, and came back with a form for Anna to sign and an envelope to put the marriage license in.  They were done.  They left thanking him and the clerk, both of whom just nodded.
“Next stop, your dress.”  
Anna carefully slipped the envelope into her bag.  Catherine took her hand, and they crossed the street and the town square.
All smiles at the wedding shop.  Two clerks led the women into a back changing area.  Both stayed close as Catherine took off her dress and began getting into petticoats.  It took both women and Anna to lower the wedding dress over Catherine.  As the skirt slid down her sides, all the women watched the hem approach the floor.  They slid the dress around Catherine, zipped the back, and checked the hem again.  It looked even.  Catherine checked in all the mirrors.  Then she moved a bit, turned, took a few steps, and checked again.  The clerks were endless compliments – in German – but their tone of voice made the content of their words clear.  Catherine looked at Anna and waited.
Anna stepped closer.  She played a bit with the sleeves, pulling here and there to make them puff out a bit more.  Then she stepped back.
“Beautiful, Catherine.  Beautiful.”  She got out her phone and took pictures as Catherine turned and posed.  Catherine turned, but always looked back for Anna.  Not for the camera.  For Anna.  Her hands pulled the big skirt around.  She stood, she smiled, she looked at Anna, took a few steps, then looked over a shoulder.  Always toward Anna.
The veil took some effort.  They needed to work a headpiece into her hair.  Then came the veil, and more handling as the clerks spread the veil down past her shoulders and evened it out around her.  Catherine watched Anna as they worked.  She saw Anna through a blur of gauze and embroidery.  Studied Anna’s expression.  Waited.  Anna took pictures from multiple angles, then stepped to Catherine and raised the veil.
“My wife.”
“I am yours, Anna.  Take me.”
They kissed.  Anna took more pictures, then everything was disassembled and put into boxes.  Three white garment boxes.  Catherine put on her sundress again, then took the stack of boxes in her arms.  They were heavy.  But she loved holding them.
Back to their hotel.  The boxes were spread across their bed.  Room service brought sandwiches.  Catherine spent nearly an hour with her back to the bathroom counter as Anna touched up her makeup and worked on her hair with a comb and a can of spray.  Both watched the clock.
Anna dressed first.  A floor length evening gown in navy blue satin.  Sleeveless.  V-neck.  Four inch heels.  She would tower over Catherine.  Catherine started dressing at four.  The veil went on at four thirty.  They were out the door at four forty.
People turned to look as they left the hotel and crossed the garden holding hands and walking close.  They took the garden door into City Hall.  The building was already emptying.  One flight of stairs took them to one oh eight.  Small room.  Several chairs.  A small table.  Maybe a meeting room before court?  They entered, closed the door, and stood waiting.
It was five fifteen when a clerk came for them.  The hallways were empty.  One door stood open.  An older man in judge’s robes waited for them.  He looked more curious than anything.
“You wish to marry?”
“Yes.”  Anna took the envelope from her bag and pulled the license out.
“You will live in Russia?”
“Yes.”  The clerk took the license and stood waiting.
“Such marriages are not legal there.”
“We understand.  Yet we wish to marry.  We ask you to marry us.”
Anna had been doing all the talking.  The judge looked toward Catherine.  Catherine lifted the veil from her face.
“We love each other and wish to marry.”  She held her veil up and waited for the judge.
“You have words to say to each other?  Commitments?”  
He waited while the women turned and faced each other.  Anna went first.
“Catherine, you know I love you.  I wish to spend the rest of my life with you.  There will be good times, and there will be rough times, but all times will be better if we are together.  I promise to always do my best for you, and to always love you.”
There was a pause as Catherine adjusted her veil.  She thought it should be down, so she lowered it and tried to even it out around her shoulders.  The clerk stepped forward and helped her at the back.  Finally Catherine was ready.
“Anna, I wish to be your wife.  I love you.  I will help you.  I will be faithful to you.  I will obey you in all things.  My greatest desire is to spend the rest of my life with you.  Please accept me as your wife.”
Both women turned back toward the judge.  He stood silently, watching the women.  Apparently making up his mind.
“I know not if God would approve of this union.  But you appear to love each other.  You are old enough to know the impact of this decision.  And the city of Fulda has declared such unions to be legal.  Therefore I declare you husband and wife.  You may kiss the bride.”
Anna took a moment to raise Catherine’s veil.  She set it neatly around the back of her head and around her shoulders.  Then she took Catherine’s face in her hands and kissed her.  She held the kiss.  Catherine looked up at her, met her eyes, then lowered hers.  Submission.  She was Anna’s wife.
The judge signed the necessary papers.  The clerk agreed to take Anna’s phone and take pictures of the couple.  When they asked the judge, he held up one finger.  He stood between the two women for a single picture.  Then he shook their hands and nudged them toward the door.
Anna led Catherine back through the garden.  She stopped multiple times, posed Catherine by flowers or shrubs and took more pictures.  A woman who happened to be in the garden offered to take pictures of the couple.  She stayed with them for twenty minutes and took endless pictures.
Anna had arranged for a very quiet celebration.  She had reserved a table in the corner of the hotel restaurant’s outdoor seating.  An umbrella offered shade.  A waiter quickly brought a bottle of champagne and a small cake.  Within minutes people stopped to congratulate them.  A waiter offered champagne and cake to all who came near.  A few accepted.  A few joined them at their table.  There were introductions, stories about weddings, stories about travels.  
A few people stood somewhat apart and stared.  Whatever they said to each other, they said quietly.  An hour passed without problems.
Anna decided when the celebration was over.  She thanked the waiter, tipped him heavily, and pulled Catherine through the restaurant, to the elevator, and to their room.  Catherine expected to be pushed back on the bed, her hands bound, the veil wrapped tight around her face.  But Anna had purchased a small CD player and had somehow found a “Songs of Romance” CD.  They held each other tight, slowly moved about the room, kissed, and danced for hours.
“This is my wedding gift.”  Anna held her close.
“It is the perfect gift.  Thank you.”
They danced to several more songs, then Anna slowly began taking Catherine’s clothes off.



Chapter 21
Two Days East by Northeast

The BMW was quiet, comfortable, and equipped with automatic everything.  Still, it was a twenty four hour drive from Fulda to Moscow.  They got an early start in the morning.  Anna did the driving.  Catherine sat with her feet pulled up under her, watching the countryside pass by, and watching Anna.  The drive was pretty much a straight shot – east by northeast.  They thought they could make Warsaw by the end of the first day.
Catherine sat quietly for the first hour, waiting as Anna took the huge car through some traffic.  Then she asked the obvious questions.
“I am your wife.  What do I know about the woman I married?  We have a long time on the road.  Care to fill some blank spots?  You said you were born in Moscow.  Somehow you chose to study in America and played volleyball at NYU.  I’m guessing you studied government or poli sci.  Graduated and applied at the State Department.  Lots of holes, Anna.  Care to fill any?”
“Let’s ignore me for the time being.  You are the main actor.  You are Dulcinea.”
“Okay.  We arrive in Moscow tomorrow.  What do I do?”
“You meet with General Sergei Orlov.  He has sent one of his men out to meet you.  He must be interested.  I will make an appointment.  You will go visit.”
“And then?”
“Assuming he doesn’t shoot you, you will tell me what he said, and we will make our plans.”
“And you?”
“I will resume some friendships.  We will host a party.  You will meet some people.”
“And I will listen, and I will learn.”
“You will also cook and clean and be a very engaging hostess.”  Anna looked at Catherine to see if she understood.
“Understood.  I am the wife.  I will do what you tell me.”
That ended their conversation for a while.  Catherine leaned back into her huge leather seat, watched the countryside pass by, glanced at Anna from time to time.  Both women were wearing sundresses.  Anna had her skirt pulled up.  Some to free her legs for driving.  But more than needed.  She looked over at Catherine and smiled when she saw where Anna was looking.
“Look all you want, and feel free to put a hand, yes, right there.  And I will tell you a story.  It is important.”  She paused for emphasis.
“By 1930 the Bolsheviks had won the Civil War.  There were remnants of White armies here and there, but the war was decided.  Bolsheviks would rule.  But rule what?  And how?  What did Communism even mean?  This was to be the workers’ paradise.  No more exploitation.  What did such a paradise look like?  See the problem?”
“Yes.”
“There were committees for a million things.  Workers would have access to art.  Workers would pick their own leaders.  Yada, yada, yada.  What was needed was some concrete, visible act that would show workers their lives would be different under communism.  They chose leisure.  Before, only the rich had leisure.  Workers worked. All hours, all days, workers worked.  Now, in the worker’s paradise, workers would have leisure.  Nice concept.  How to make it visible?”
Another pause.  She looked at Catherine.  Didn’t expect an answer, but she was glad to see interest.
“They built a park.  New York had a park.  London had parks.  Moscow had none.  They chose a spot.  The Moscow River flows through Moscow.  It has a hairpin turn.  At that turn is the Kremlin and the original buildings from the founding of the city.  Arrayed along the banks of the river were factories and the homes of the wealthy.  Some distance from the Kremlin was a group of mansions.  Between the mansions and the river was a field.  The rich could plant gardens if they wished, or walk their horses over to graze.  By 1930 the rich were gone, and the field had become a dumping ground.  It would become a park.  Gorky Park.  It took three years to clean it up, but when done, the workers of Moscow now had a place to stroll during their times of leisure.  A place to take their families.  A place to kick a ball around.  Proof that the worker’s paradise did indeed provide a very different life for workers.”
“Interesting.  But how is this important to us?”
“Because, my lovely bride, we live in one of the old mansions beside Gorky Park.  It has been remodeled into eight apartments.  We will live together in one of them.  One that faces the park, by the way.”
“Very attractive.”
“Nothing but the best for my wife.”  Anna took Catherine’s hand and moved it to another part of her thigh.  “Nothing but the best.”
Catherine tried to imagine the park.  Imagine their apartment.  Imagine their life together.  Months in Moscow.  Maybe years?
Over their hours on the highway she asked practical questions.  Restaurants?  Grocery stores?  Jobs?  Anna was reassuring about restaurants and grocery stores.  Vague about jobs.  They talked, the huge BMW followed gps signals.  They were deep into Poland by the end of the day.  Anna found a road side hotel on the far side of Warsaw.  
Anna led the way into the hotel.  She left it to Catherine to carry their bags.  Anna handled the check in.  Both women showed their fake Russian passports, then it was off to their room.  Catherine continued to carry the bags.
The room was identical to any highway hotel in any country.  Sterile.  Simple.  But as they entered the room, Catherine felt something else going on.  Anna told Catherine where to lay out the bags and when they would go down to dinner.  That was not unusual.  She had given Catherine plenty of orders before.  But her tone changed.  It was more abrupt.  Obedience was expected.  Catherine would do as she was told.  Anna stood by the window and texted.  Catherine took their toiletries into the bathroom, then sat on the bed and waited.  And waited.  Anna had said they would go down to dinner in thirty minutes.  For thirty minutes Anna texted, and Catherine sat.  She got up once and worked a bit on her hair.  She sat again, turned toward Anna, waiting for a smile or a reaction as she crossed her legs and played with her skirt.  Anna gave her a quick smile, but continued texting.  
Dinner was pleasant enough.  An ordinary restaurant in an ordinary highway-hugger hotel.  It could just as easily been located along any highway in the U.S.  The purpose was the same – get people some food and some rest, and give them quick access to the highway in the morning.  The menu was international.  Some Polish cuisine, some cheeseburgers.  Catherine ordered a sausage and mashed potatoes.  Anna went with a cheeseburger.  She put down her phone two or three times to manage her meal and to smile at Catherine.  She complimented Catherine’s dress – the one she had been wearing all day.  Then she went back to texting.
Up in their room, Anna chose the nightgown she wanted Catherine to wear, and then went back to texting.  Catherine changed into her nightgown, then sat on the bed and waited.  Nearly an hour passed while Anna texted.
At some point it appeared she got the text she wanted.  Her expression changed.  Her shoulders dropped.  She put the phone on a desktop and got undressed.  Catherine held out a nightgown for her.
“Thank you.”
“Problem?”  Catherine returned to the bed, sat, and waited.
“Just some arrangements to make.”
“And while you make those arrangements, I …”
“Wait like a good Russian wife.”  Anna raised an eyebrow.  “Do you object?”
“We have been married one day.”
“And every day there will be times when I have time for you, and times when I don’t.”  Anna looked through the bag of toiletries in the bathroom and found a larger comb.  “Now, I have time for you.”
She put a hand on Catherine’s shoulder to keep her seat at the side of the bed, then crawled around behind her, sliding so that she was up against Catherine’s back, a leg on each side.  She wrapped her legs around Catherine’s waist, and began slowly pulling the comb through her hair.  Within six strokes Catherine had closed her eyes and had slowed her breathing.  Anna slid the comb slower and slower, while leaning against Catherine’s back and kissing her neck.
“My God, Anna, that feels good.”
“Shh.”
Anna continued combing, her lips on Catherine’s neck, her legs tight around Catherine’s waist.  She moved the comb with one hand, her other hand sliding slowly around Catherine’s chest, her fingers massaging her breasts.
“Please don’t stop.  Please.”
Anna kissed her neck and continued combing.  When she felt Catherine’s breathing become totally synced with her comb, she pulled Catherine onto her back and climbed onto her.
“What do you want to tell me, Catherine?”
“Thank you for marrying me.  I will be the best Russian wife ever.”
Anna spent the night wrapped around Catherine.  In the morning, she was aggressive in the shower, pushing Catherine against the wall, and forcing her to her knees.  After, she told Catherine which sundress to wear, and how much makeup to apply.  Catherine did exactly as she was told.
Back in the car, Anna drove.  The countryside passed.  First Belarus, then Russia.  As the Russian border approached, Catherine felt her breathing change.  She increased the AC setting as she felt herself beginning to sweat.  Anna seemed not to notice.
At the border post Anna followed signs in Russian, English, Polish, and German.  She got in a line.  Cars pulled up behind her.  Every time she rolled forward, there was less space for her to pull out of line and drive west.  She was closer to inspection booths, and closer to fencing.  More enclosed.  She rolled forward and waited her turn.
Anna reached into both their purses and pulled out passports.  She also unfolded a piece of paper.  Catherine saw it included both their pictures, and a long description in Russian.  Anna rolled forward.  Her turn.  She rolled down the window and passed the passports and paper to the uniformed guard.  He ran the passports through a machine, and scanned Anna’s paper.  The process took less than two minutes.  He returned the passports and paper.  And then straightened up and saluted.  
“What did you give him?”  
Anna rolled along in her lane for another hundred yards, fencing enclosing their path.  Finally she seemed free of the border structures and she got back up to highway speeds.
“Our friends at the Kremlin didn’t want us delayed.”
“And the salute?”
“The signatures on the paper were important.”
Anna went back to driving.  Catherine went back to watching.  She found she had less to say.  Fewer questions.  Really more questions, but she was less certain how to frame them.  Less certain of how Anna might respond.  Mostly she just felt fear.  And heat.  She adjusted the AC yet again.  Her sundress was light cotton, sleeveless.  It was like she was wearing nothing.  But she was hot.  Her hands were wet.  She saw she was leaving damp marks on her skirt.  They got more wet when she saw the Moscow ring roads appear on the GPS.  It was just after six.  Traffic was heavy.  But that wasn’t why she was perspiring.



Chapter 22
An Apartment by Gorky Park

Catherine was riding through a strange city.  A very strange city.  She was used to cities with a river running somewhere near the middle.  Pretty standard for most cities.  But the Moscow River lay across the city like a snake with endless coils.  It felt like she passed over it half a dozen times.  They were on one of the Ring roads.  As if putting a name on a road ended all confusion.  To Catherine, there were several circles filled with cars, and she was on one of them.  Always another bridge to cross.  Always another set of exits and entrances drawing new flows of cars.  Anna drove without effort.  Rush hour, major city, no problem.  Catherine had the problem.  She stared at the GPS and wondered how she would ever be able to understand this city.  She was to live here for months, maybe years.  It was going to be a challenge.  
Anna finally got off the Ring Road.  Catherine would have cheered, but her exit from one main highway just led to another major street.  The GPS said she was on Leninskiy Prospekt.  Another name.  To Catherine, just another big street.  She studied the GPS map as Anna guided through a series of turns to get into the north bound lanes.  Heavy traffic, a boulevard divider preventing left turns, four and five story buildings, some businesses including a Burger King.  Lots to see.  Anna kept driving.  
Where did they end up?  A mansion.  Old.  Three stories.  Brick.  Bit of a lawn out front.  Shaded by trees.  Attractive.  Anna pulled to a stop out front.  
“Our apartment is second floor to the right.”  She pointed.  Catherine saw a series of windows in the bricks.  
Anna got out of the car and opened the trunk.  She waited for Catherine.  Catherine stood and looked around her.  Nice neighborhood.  Larger homes.  Trees.  Grass.  And down the street –  Gorky Park.  Lots of trees.  Some open areas.  People everywhere.  Russian workers now had leisure.  
Catherine moved slowly and carefully.  Moscow.  She was in Moscow.  She flexed her shoulders.  She clenched her fists.  She set her feet.
“Jesus, Catherine.”  Anna stared at her.  “No need for all the drama.  You see a mob of secret police around you?  You’ll be sharing an apartment in the best neighborhood in Moscow.  We’ll get our stuff into the apartment.  You’ll like it.  Now, start grabbing bags.  We need everything out of the trunk.” 
Anna pulled the two suitcases from the trunk and extended the handles.  She pulled them behind her.  Catherine picked up all of the white wedding boxes and followed Anna.  They needed a key at the front door and again at the top of the stairs.  Anna had both keys.  She climbed to the second floor.  There appeared to be four apartments at the top of the stairs.  She took the door on the right.
A three room apartment.  Obviously a section of an older home.  The ceilings were ten or twelve feet high.  The windows were large and faced the park.  Brick fireplaces graced the living room and bedroom.  Both had wooden panels blocking the openings.  Heat now came from large radiators in each room.
Anna led the way into the bedroom.  She pointed to a corner where Catherine could put her dress boxes.  She flipped the suitcases onto the bed.
“It would be great if you put everything away.  I will get the car into a garage before it is stolen.”
Catherine just stared.  Questions?  She had a million.  
“How long will you be gone?”
“Not long.  Use the time to poke around the apartment.  I had a friend get some food up here, but make a list of anything else you think we need.  Okay?”
Catherine continued to stare at Anna.
“Catherine.”  Anna moved closer and hugged her.  “I get it.  You are nervous.  New place, new city, new country.  Trust me.  You are going to love it here.  Look around the apartment.  Begin to get comfortable here.  I will be back soon.”
Quick kiss, quick smile, and Anna skipped lightly down the stairs.
Catherine closed the door and wandered the apartment.  Bathroom first.  She had been in the car for hours.  Toilet, sink, bathtub with shower curtain.  White tile squares on the walls and on the floor.  A small window.  She thought it would be dark in the winter.  
The kitchen had glass cabinet doors.  The sink was scratched porcelain, the counter tops worn Formica.  Everything was old, but clean.  And the shelves were filled.  Dishes, pots, food.  The refrigerator looked decades old, but it too contained food.  Someone had shopped for Anna.  No doubt one of the endless text messages she had sent.
The living room looked somewhat more updated.  A large carpet covered much of the parquet floor.  The couch and chairs were fabric covered, but not noticeably worn.  All the furniture faced the windows.  And the windows opened toward Gorky Park.  A Ferris wheel was visible in one direction.  A tall set of columns in another.  Mostly the view was of trees.
So.  This was where she would live.  Months.  Maybe years.  Catherine took another look through the apartment.  This time she imagined herself spending years there.  She went back through each room with much greater attention to detail. 
Anna seemed to be in no hurry to return from the garage.  Catherine used the time to unpack.  There was a long, low dresser in the bedroom.  Just for the time being, she decided Anna would get the three drawers on the left.  She would take the three on the right.  Cosmetics she grouped above the drawers.  Dresses she hung in the closet, again, giving Anna the hangers on the left while she took the hangers on the right.
Anna already had multiple articles in the dresser and hanging in the closet.  There were dresses, slacks, skirts.  Enough to be clear Anna spent substantial time in the apartment.  This was home.  
And where was she?  Anna still wasn’t back.  Catherine put the last of the clothes away, then wandered back out to the living room.  It was after eight, but the sun was nowhere near the horizon.  June.  At a northern latitude.  It would be hours before dark.  Hours before Anna returned?  Catherine was tempted to walk the neighborhood and peek into Gorky Park.  But she had no key to lock the apartment or to get back into the building.  So she waited.  In the kitchen.
It had been a long time since lunch.  She found a bag of potatoes under the sink and a couple cans of soup.  Time to cook.  The stove was as old as she was, and the numbers were in centigrade and the words printed in Cyrillic.  But a stove is a stove, and gas is gas.  She boiled the potatoes, chopped them, and mixed them in with a pot of soup.  It was simmering an hour later when Anna finally got home.
“Smells good, Catherine.”  There was a small wooden table in a corner of the kitchen.  Two chairs.  Anna settled into one of them.  “It looks like you already know your way around our kitchen.”
Catherine filled two bowls and brought them over to the table.  “Where did you take my car?  How far away is this garage?”
“Don’t worry about the car.  Tell me about the apartment.  Lovely view, isn’t it?”
Catherine ate her soup and stared at Anna.  Their apartment.  Their kitchen.  Their evenings together.  This was home.  Or it soon would be.  Once she got used to the idea.
“Yes, it’s very nice.”  She continued to stare at Anna.  “I’m trying to see how I fit in here.”
“You are my wife.  You do what wives do.”
“And Dulcinea?”
“That will all work out.  I will take care of it.  You will take care of our home.”
Catherine could think of nothing more to say.  Adjustment.  She had lived in many places.  There was always a period of adjustment.  She would adjust.  A routine would emerge.  
The evening routine apparently involved Catherine doing the dishes and cleaning the kitchen while Anna sat in the living room and texted.  She sat on the couch facing a sun that was still high in the sky at nine.  Catherine finished her work in the kitchen, then sat close to Anna.  Anna patted her thigh, then went back to texting.
“I am getting a big response to our reception tomorrow.  Thirty people.  Maybe forty.  They want to meet my new bride.”
“I don’t speak Russian, Anna.”
“It is Anya, actually.  Anna in America, Anya here.  Pronounced like on-ya.  And you will learn Russian.  I will bring some CDs and books for you tomorrow.  We will speak Russian together.  You are my Russian wife.  Russkaya Zhena.  Say it.”
“Russkaya Zhena.”
“Now begin with ya.  I am.”
“Ya russkaya zhena.”
“Repeat that twenty times while I finish these texts.”
Catherine did as she was told.  There was something about silently saying it so many times.  It felt like she was internalizing it.  She didn’t stop at twenty.  She continued repeating it until Anna put down her phone.
“Now tell me you love me.  Ya lyublyu vas.”
“Ya lyublyu vas.”
“You will repeat that as I undress you, as I put your nightgown on you, as I hold you, and as I please you.”  
Catherine repeated it softly as Anna took her hand and led her into the bedroom.  She continued as Anna undressed her and put a nightgown on her.  Anna held her tight and kissed her.  Catherine repeated the Russian between each kiss, and then as she sat on the side of the bed and waited for Anna to come take her as she had the night before.  Anna sat behind her and wrapped her legs around her as before, but she also had a strip of cloth and tied Catherine’s hands behind her.  As Catherine told her how much she loved her, Anna played with her hair, nuzzled her neck, then wrapped an arm tightly around her chest while her other hand slowly slid down over Catherine’s belly and between her legs.  Catherine repeated her vow of love, getting much louder, then whispering as her words mixed with moans and then gasps.  They were the right Russian words.  Catherine nearly shouted them as heat roared through her body.



Chapter 23
A Story of Gorky Park

Morning came with Catherine buried under Anya.  The mattress was incredibly soft.  When Anya had pulled her onto her back, Catherine had sunk deeply, then sunk even deeper with Anya’s weight upon her.  Weight and warmth.  Catherine repeated her two Russian sentences, then slept.  She was in a strange city with people who might want to hurt her, but she was sheltered by her warm protector.  She slept more soundly than she had in months.
Anya woke her with a kiss.  Catherine responded with her Russian.
“Ya russkaya zhena.  Ya lyublyu vas.”
“Now you will please me.”
She took Catherine’s arm and pulled her into the shower.  Her hands were still bound.  Anya washed Catherine, then put her on her knees, and held her head where she wanted.  Catherine knew what was being asked.  She performed as best she could, sometimes looking up at Anya to see if she was pleased.  It appeared she was.
Finally Anya pulled her to her feet.  Catherine immediately rested her head on Anna’s shoulder and whispered into her ear.
“Ya russkaya zhena.  Ya lyublyu vas.  And you must teach me, I am so hot for you now, I can barely stand it.”
“You did well, russkaya zhena.  A good Russian wife.  Now you will make my breakfast while I dress.  Wear something nice.  You want to keep my interest, like all wives.”
She reach around to untie Catherine.  Catherine moved her hands away.
“Hold me a little longer.”
Anya did.  She stroked Catherine’s hair, pulling the water from it.  She kissed her head and told her she loved her.  There was more, in Russian, but it was said softly while Anya’s hands caressed Catherine.  Catherine knew the meaning, if not the words.  She felt the warmth.  She enjoyed the strength in Anya’s arms.  She pressed herself against Anya and enjoyed every second of her time.
Finally Anya untied Catherine.  Catherine quickly threw off the wet nightgown she had worn in the shower, and pulled on a new one.  She didn’t dry herself.  The new nightgown clung to her.  She paused outside the bathroom for Anya to see.  Anya nodded and smiled.
Breakfast was easy.  Catherine could read none of the containers, but she could recognize oatmeal.  She had a pot boiling by the time Anya appeared.
Anya was a shock.  They had both been wearing sundresses in Fulda.  Very comfortable, and very girly.  Catherine had liked the way Anya looked.  Now she was different.  She wore a gray suit – slacks and a matching coat with padded shoulders.  Double breasted.  Her top was a silk blouse, but it was barely visible under the suit coat.  She stood in black pumps with three inch heels.  Everything about this ensemble said this was her regular wear.  Her appearance to the world.  Catherine had thought the heels were to make her taller than Catherine.  Now she saw the heels were to make her taller to all.  A small edge.  A minor advantage.
Anya gave Catherine time to look, then kissed her and took a seat at the table.  Her phone was immediately out.  More texting.  Catherine filled bowls, brought them to the table, then hesitated.  Small table.  Two chairs.  A daily routine to be established.  The chairs had been opposite each other.  Catherine pulled hers around so it was closer to Anya.  They would sit with knees touching.  They would be close.  Anya would look down her dress if she chose.  Catherine sat.  Anya touched her hand, then looked down the wet nightgown at Catherine’s breasts.  She smiled.  Catherine had done the right thing.
“After breakfast I will show you where you will shop.  Then we will walk through Gorky Park and I will tell you an interesting story.”
“And my meeting with General Orlov?”
“Tomorrow.  Today you will settle in, and prepare for your reception.”
“And practice my Russian.”
“Yes.”
“Ya russkaya zhena.  Ya lyublyu vas.”
“Ya lyublyu vas, moya zhena.”  
Catherine cleaned the kitchen after breakfast, then dressed.  A sundress?  She took two out to show Anya.  Anya pointed to the yellow one, with the shorter skirt.  Catherine pulled it on, then went to Anya for “help” with the zipper.
The store?  About six blocks away.  Moderate size.  Pretty much like any other grocery except the labels were all in Cyrillic, and the prices in rubles.  Anya led the way through.  She pointed to her favorite brands.  Catherine tried to remember locations.  She also watched other women in the store.  Carts, bags, basic behaviors.  Most seemed to take their time.  There would be no pressure to rush.  Good.
Back out on the street, Anya promised to make a list of the foods she preferred.  Catherine thanked her, and reached for her hand.
“You may walk close to me, but we should not hold hands.”
“I am to call you Anya.  Then what?  My husband?  My friend?”
“To our friends, you will say ‘Anya, moy muzh.’  Husband. It is best if you not speak of me to others.”
As they walked down the street, Anya really did look like her husband.  The suit and shoes made her bigger and taller than Catherine.  Her hair flowed across her back, but still… Catherine wondered how they looked to people they passed.  Catherine in a light dress.  Anya in a suit.  Was the relationship not obvious?
It took a few minutes to return to their building.  Then it was on to the park.  Catherine expected to hear the story as they walked among the gardens.  But Anya said nothing.
The park was huge.  Hundreds of acres spread along the river.  Some was lawns, some woods.  There was a pond they could see from where they stood, and a wide path that appeared to circle the park.  Joggers worked their way around the path, but there were lots of people out strolling.  Younger people mostly.  Some couples.
Anya led the way across the park to the river.  Here concrete terraces had been constructed, and people sat on them, watching boats pass.  Anya said nothing.  There was a busy street along the far side, and much taller buildings.  That side of the river was obviously busy.  It seemed to make the park side even more quiet and restful.
“Families that lived in houses like the one where we live used this area as a garden.  They raised crops and took walks along the river.  During the years of the Revolution and Civil War the space fell into disuse and became a dumping ground.”
“You mean after the rich were killed off or exiled and their homes taken.”
“Catherine.”  Anya moved to face Catherine.  Her heels gave her a significant height advantage.  She looked big.  “Catherine, I’m going to tell you an important story.  It is one you will want to hear.  I ask that you listen.  I ask for silence.”  She stared at Catherine until she saw Catherine nod.
“I told you about the importance of this park.  Its role in defining communism.  Gorky Park was visible proof that in the new state, workers would have leisure.”
Catherine stood, listened, and waited.  
“Now I will tell you another story about this park, and about thousands of Americans, including my American grandfather.  Come with me.”  
She led Catherine up one of the main paths, through woods, past a pond, past a series of gardens, and then to a large lawn. 
“Ten years ago the park was completely rebuilt.  The park I knew as a child is gone.  This version is prettier, but the old version held better memories for me.”
She led Catherine onto the lawn and stood looking across it.
“I need you to use your imagination.  My mother always said that to me.  ‘I need you to use your imagination.’  She would point across the field that used to be here.  It wasn’t as flat and the grass always needed mowing.  But she would point and she would describe what her father had told her.  Her story always began the same way.  ‘Here they played baseball.’”
Anna paused.  She looked at Catherine.  She waited, then nodded.  Catherine had permission to talk.
“Your American grandfather played baseball here?”
“He and lots of Americans.  There were so many Americans working in the cities of the Soviet Union they formed their own baseball league and even had a championship.  They played in the evenings after work.  Locals gathered around to watch.  I doubt they ever understood the game.  It has lots of rules.  But it was interesting to watch, and the Americans were popular.  They drew a crowd.  And no, this is not where my grandmother met him.  That would only happen twenty years later.”
“What year was this?”
“They started playing in 1931.  They stopped in 1935.”
“1931.  That was…”
“Yes, the Depression.  In the U.S.  Not here.  My mother called those years ‘push/pull’.  The U.S. economy had collapsed.  Unemployment was twenty five percent.  The other seventy five percent watched their wages and hours cut again and again.  They waited to be laid off, knowing if they were, there would be no job waiting for them.  No country was as depressed as the U.S.  So people left.  Pushed out.  That year more people left America than arrived.  They left for Europe.  They left for countries all over the world.  Pushed away.”
“And the pull?”
“Russia was industrializing, building factories.  The government wanted growth.  It wanted engineers.  It set up an office in New York and offered visas and travel expenses to anyone with skills.  A hundred thousand Americans applied.  Ten thousand were hired and put on boats.  Mostly young men, but some families.  Thousands more came over on their own.  Ford was already here.  Henry sold Stalin an old Model A factory in 1929.  He shipped it over along with workers to help rebuild the plant east of Moscow.  Americans were everywhere.”
“Your grandfather?”
“Twenty years old.  No hope of getting a job in Detroit.  No hope for a future in the U.S.  Looking for work, and I assume looking for adventure.  A ship across the Atlantic?  Pretty interesting.  A train to Moscow?  No one back home had done that.  A factory job where no one spoke English?  It was a job.  He picked up Russian where he could.  He shared a room with six other guys and ate at the factory cafeteria.  Once or twice a week he came here.  And he played baseball.  Third base.  He had brought a glove with him.  So had most of the other guys.  Traveled half way across the world, but brought a baseball glove.  Twenty years old, and still a kid.”
“What happened to him?”
“That story I save for tomorrow.”
They stood looking across the huge lawn, imagining young Americans playing baseball.  Finally Anya turned and faced Catherine again.  She stood close.  And she took both of Catherine’s hands.
“Now, on our first full day in Moscow, the third day of our marriage, I will talk about you.  And I hope you will listen.”  Anya paused, and waited for Catherine to nod.
”When you look at me, I see love.  More love every day.  Good.  But you will have bad days too.  Afternoons when you sit on our couch and look out the windows and think about what you left behind.  Things you liked.  Your business.  Your lodge.  Things that annoyed you.  Jim.   You were impatient with him.  Irritated.  Irritated with how he treated you.  Irritated he did not love you more.  Irritated you could not hold his attention.  He was with you, but you knew he was thinking about his boys, or his school, or his team, or maybe some other woman.  I think you were irritated he was the best you could do.  Small town.  Too few men.  Years passing.”
“You will have such memories.  The good, the bad, the irritating.  When you have those memories of Amberg, I want you to add one more.  The Sunday afternoon I sat on your glider and you watched my skirt slide up my thigh.  You wanted me in Amberg.  You wanted me in your bed.  You wanted to be with me.  You wanted me then.  You want me now.  In Moscow.  You want me.  
“When you sit on that couch on those rainy or snowy afternoons, when you think of Amberg, I want you to understand all that came before is gone.  Your business.  Your lodge.  Your hopes for that silly high school teacher.  The only thing that remains from Amberg is that woman who sat on your glider and made you pant with desire.  I am here.  You have me.  Your husband.  Tvoy muzh.  The woman you will spend the rest of your life with.”
She stared at Catherine.  Studied her face.  Looked into her eyes.  She didn’t need or expect a response.  She waited for a nod.  Some sign she had heard and understood.  And maybe, when those rainy afternoons came, she would remember her words, and think of that woman on the glider rather than… well, so many other things. 
“Now.  We will return to the apartment.  I will go off to take care of some things.  You will make refreshments for our guests.  Tonight you will meet our friends.  This afternoon you will become a Russian homemaker – in the home where you will spend the rest of your life.”
Anya led the way back to their apartment.  Catherine followed.  



Chapter 24
New Friends

Refreshments for their friends.  Thirty or forty.  Made from things sitting on shelves or cooling in the refrigerator.  Lois, the caterer Catherine used in Amberg, could fix up something.  Catherine?  She pulled every package off every shelf.  Smell and taste.  Cyrillic was a complete mystery to her, so labels meant nothing.  She smelled, she tasted, she found a pen and wrote her own labels.  It was three before she was even sure what her kitchen contained.
She baked.  A bit of ground sausage wrapped in pastries.  First batch?  Terrible.  She ate a few, discarded the rest.  Some seasoning for the sausage helped the second batch.  She put those aside.  Something she could serve after everyone was on their second or third drink.  For the third batch she worked harder at getting the grease out of the sausage.  Still not a taste sensation, but she was willing to serve these.
Something sweeter.  Since she was having luck with pastries, she mixed baking chocolate with some other sweets and spread that over pastry triangles.  Not particularly interesting, but they would be serving alcohol, so food standards would be lower.  To add some heft to the snacks, she found a steak and grilled that.  Sliced into tiny squares and dipped in mustard, it would at least put a third choice on the table.  Cheese.  The refrigerator was full of it.  She would remind herself to slice up several pounds once the party was closer.
Time was running short.  Time for a quick vacuuming and dusting.  It turned out nothing was quick about either.  The apartment was tiny, but still required an hour.  
Next stop, the bathroom.  She had unpacked her cosmetics the evening before.  Unpacked, but jumbled.  It took forever to find what she needed, and she felt she needed everything.  She would be introduced.  First impressions.  New friends.  Makeup mattered.  She did the best she could.
Anya arrived home around seven.  She carried a large canvas bag filled with bottles of vodka.  That pretty much explained the kind of party it would be.  Catherine set out glasses and arranged the bottles.
“Will you change?”  Catherine still hadn’t come to like Anya’s new look.  She hoped for a dress. 
“Yes, I will wear the formal I wore when we married.  You will put on one of your new formals.  I think the yellow one.  Then, after the party is in full swing, you will go back to your room and change into your wedding dress.”
“But…”
“The dress is beautiful, and you are beautiful in it.  Our friends should see it.”
Did a russkaya zhena argue?  Catherine chose not to.  It might be unusual to wear a wedding dress to a party, but, new friends, new customs.  She went back to their bedroom and pulled on her yellow formal.  It did look good.  She put some more work into her hair and thought she might make a good first impression.
Eight o’clock came and people were at the door.  They arrived in bunches.  Apparently ride sharing.  Women.  Age range from late twenties to mid-fifties.  Dressed nicely.  Mostly cocktail dresses, but a few formals.  Extra effort with their hair and makeup and jewelry.  Heels.  Catherine was glad she had taken extra time with her hair.
They were huggers.  Anya first.  Long hugs, cheek kisses, often very long kisses on her lips.  Very free with their hands.  Old friends.  Very good friends.  Anya was practically getting mugged.  Apparently the most popular woman in Moscow.  Anya had a brief conversation with each, and as soon as she pulled them off her, she turned and introduced Catherine.
Smiles and rambling Russian from about two inches away.  Catherine smiled back, exchanged cheek kisses, and hoped Anya would translate anything important.  It occurred to Catherine she should have taken a spare moment with Anya to learn – “nice to meet you”, or “Welcome to our apartment,” or just, “Hi.”  Most of the women knew a smattering of English, so there was some effort at pleasantries, but mostly it was hugs, kisses, and a bit of grab ass.
The hallway filled up with incoming guests, and the living room filled with greeted guests.  The living room might be comfortable for ten or twelve.  Thirty was not going to work.  Except it did.  Half a dozen women moved to the kitchen.  Two poured vodka and white wine.  The others looked at what Catherine had provided, made some judgements about her cooking skills, and began adding more food to the kitchen table, which they also moved to the edge of the living room for easier access.  Obviously they had been to Anya’s place for parties before.  They knew what to do, and did it.
Once the women were greeted, and most were served, Anya sent Catherine off to their bedroom.  Two women followed right behind.  Catherine looked back at Anya.  Anya caught her eye, smiled, and nodded.  Apparently it was fine for Catherine to have assistants.
Door closed, the women immediately went to the dress boxes.  Lots of Russian.  An effort to say “beautiful” in English.  Big smiles.  Eager hands.  Catherine had barely unzipped her dress when one of the women held it while Catherine stepped out of it.  More Russian.  A serious appraisal of a nearly naked Catherine.  She didn’t think she heard disapproval.  Or maybe she did.  They certainly had lots to say.  
Catherine interrupted their conversation to open the first box and get out her petticoats.  Immediately one of the women took the first and held it for Catherine to step into.  Catherine stepped in, and then stood while they arranged it around her waist.  They definitely put more into the effort than needed.  Very free hands around her waist and lower.  Catherine slapped one hand away.  The woman laughed.
Petticoat two went over her head, pulled down with great care.  Again, hands.  Lots of hands.  The dress also went over her head.  More hands.  Around her waist, then around her chest as they held the dress for Catherine’s arms.  Lots of talk.  Big smiles.  More touching as they pulled the sleeves into place.  They seemed to fight for the right to raise Catherine’s zipper.
The real action came with the veil.  Serious argument over where the headpiece went.  Then lots of directing and redirecting the veil around her face and down to her waist.  The veil seemed longer than they expected.  And they ran their fingers over the silk.  It was barely in place when one of the women raised it and ducked her head inside.  She pretended to be adjusting it from inside, but mostly she just liked standing nose to nose with Catherine, the veil covering both of them.
She might have stood there all evening jabbering away in Russian, but Anya came back into the room.
“Ready?”
The two assistants assured her they were not, and spent several minutes adjusting Catherine’s dress and veil yet again.  Finally they stopped.  Anya took Catherine’s hand and led her out of the room and into a crowd of applauding guests.
Anya had lots to say.  In Russian.  Catherine stood and waited.  Finally she heard some words she recognized.  Anya turned to her and raised her veil.
“Ya lyublyu vas, Catherine, moya zhena.” 
“Ya lyublyu vas, Anya, moy  muzh.”  
They kissed, and the room applauded.  Everyone seemed to need to kiss the couple again.  On the lips, arms holding them.  Catherine tasted a fair amount of vodka and wine.
Surprises.  At some point that day Anya had managed to get a frame for their marriage certificate, and she had put all their wedding pictures on an iPad.  Once the kissing ended, Anya held up the marriage certificate, pointing to the picture of Fulda City Hall, and making some reference to the location – and legality – of their wedding.  That drew a big round of applause.  Catherine was left with the iPad.  She stood and slowly scrolled through all the pictures.  She did it over and over for small groups of women.  Some attempts at English.  Continual bursts of Russian as they reviewed the wedding.  The official picture with the judge drew lots of comments.  And they also liked the garden pictures.
Hours passed.  At some point there was dancing.  No room, but it didn’t matter.  Everyone found a partner and danced close.  Catherine had multiple partners.  So did Anya.  Anya was on her third or fourth partner when Catherine caught a glimpse of Anya and a younger woman heading for the bedroom.  Catherine kept dancing, but kept looking towards the closed bedroom door.
“Easy, Catherine.”
Catherine jerked her head around and looked at her dance partner.  One of the younger women.  Blond hair, round face, looked Finnish.  Even in heels, she didn’t come up much past Catherine’s chin.  But it was her English that caught Catherine’s attention.  She took another look at the woman, caught a glance from her, and then the woman had her face buried in Catherine’s neck.  She was dancing very close.  All the women were, but this woman seemed almost glued to Catherine.
Catherine waited to see if the woman had more to say.  Apparently not.
“Did I hear English?”
“You might hear more later.  Right now, just keep dancing.  I love holding you in this huge wedding gown.”  The words were spoken into Catherine’s neck.  
Catherine kept dancing, but she also kept looking toward her bedroom.  Married less than a week.  And this?  She was tempted to barge through that door.  As she leaned in that direction, she felt the woman with her cling tighter.
“It’s a party, Catherine.  Things happen.”
“But…”
“In the morning Anya will owe you.  It is understood.”
“Not by me it’s not.”  Catherine felt her voice rising.  She had also pulled her dance partner a step closer to the bedroom.  Suddenly several other couples had moved between Catherine and the bedroom.  Lots of talk, but nothing in their voices intimated tension.  Just women dancing between Catherine and her husband.  Lots of looks.  Sly smiles.  Acceptance of what was obviously going on.  So, it’s a party – things happen?  Catherine suddenly liked this party much less.
The Finnish woman put a hand on the back of Catherine’s neck and pulled herself up onto her toes.  She kissed Catherine, her other arm wrapped around Catherine’s neck to hold her in place.  It was a very long kiss, then the woman turned and looked at the couples around her.  Fairly loud Russian.  An announcement.  The other couples laughed.
“I say, for tonight, you are mine.  Now you kiss me to show it is true.  You accept.”
Catherine stared at the face that was just inches from her own.  Catherine hesitated.  Then the woman whispered, “Kiss me like you kiss Deirdre.”
Catherine kissed her and heard laughter and some applause.
“Now take me to the couch.  We will be together.”
Catherine took the woman’s hand and led her to the couch.  There was a couple already going at it pretty good, but they saw who was coming, and left the space for Catherine.  The Finnish woman took over from there.  She and Catherine sat next to each other.  With a quick move, the woman pulled Catherine’s legs over hers.  They were now both buried in white satin.  The veil was next.  The woman arranged it to cover both their heads and their bodies down to their waists.  She placed a throw pillow on the top of the couch, and pulled Catherine’s head down next to hers.
“We will kiss now, talk later.”
They kissed and fondled inside the envelope of the veil.  Women wandered by and watched, then wandered off.  Dancing continued, and then it stopped.  Catherine could hear some movement in the kitchen.  Some final cleaning, and then the party was over.  Some women patted Catherine’s head.  All said something.  Catherine might have seen them to the door, but the woman was holding her, and kissing her, and being very pleasant.
The final time the apartment door closed, the woman raised her head, did a quick check of the apartment, then put her face next to Catherine again.
“Deirdre says hi.”
“Who?”  Catherine studied the woman.
“The Deirdre you spent four days with at the Blue Ridge Lodge.”
“Who?”
“Yes, I understand I did not give you the counter sign.  ‘The Deirdre you met in Jackson, Mississippi.’  Or, ‘the Deirdre you know from Jackson, Wyoming’ if we are both about to have the sky fall on us.  But I want you to know Deirdre is more than a colleague.”
“So, now what?”
“Now you unzip my dress, pull the top down around my waist, and make me glad I came to see you.”
“I do?”
“Yes, you do.  And don’t tell me you don’t want to.  I can feel your pulse racing.  So, go on.  Get going.”
Catherine did as she was told.  The woman held still, and smiled up at Catherine as her zipper slid down, and Catherine pulled down her dress.  The woman had good breasts.  Catherine’s hands went to them as she kissed her.
“You have great hands, and I love the way you kiss.  Deirdre was right about you.”
“You and Deirdre.  I should be jealous?”
“Yes.  But keep going, and Deirdre will be jealous.”
Their fondling continued.  Their faces opposite each other on the pillow, each watching the reaction of the other.  Finally the Finnish woman closed her eyes and slept.  Catherine lay watching her, her hands still stroking the woman’s soft, smooth skin.  Anya was with another woman.  Catherine was with a woman sent by Deirdre.  Catherine didn’t want to be with Deirdre’s woman.  She wanted to be with Anya.  But she kissed the woman, then closed her eyes and slept.


Chapter 25
Bad Day at the Kremlin

Catherine woke when the Finnish woman kissed her.  Catherine was instantly awake, and began to form what would have been the first of many questions.  The woman stopped her with a finger on her lips.  She then pointed toward the bedroom.  They could hear Anya and her lover having a minor quarrel.  It lasted a few minutes, and then the woman burst out of the room.  Anya came out after her, but only to stand in the living room and watch the woman leave.
“I am pleased you found someone, Catherine.”  Anya stood over the couple.  Catherine looked up through the silk gauze.
“Less than a week, Anya.  We have been married less than a week.”
“Yes.  Sorry.  Old friend.  Hello, Zhanna.”
“Hello, Anya.”  Zhanna looked straight up at Anya.  Then she kissed Catherine.
“Not without my permission, Zhanna.  Say good bye.”
Zhanna took her time pulling her dress up, and she laid her head on Catherine several times as she did it.  She kissed Catherine one more time while staring up at Anya, then ducked from under their veil, and left the room.  She stopped at the door.
“I shop on Wednesdays.  May I see Catherine then?  I will help her find what she needs.”
“Yes, you may help her shop.”  Anya stood staring at Zhanna.  “Be good company.”
Zhanna nodded and left.  Catherine pushed up her veil and turned toward Anya.
“Be good company?  Did you just pass me off to her?”
“I just gave you permission to take a lover.  Did you not want that?”
“The only lover I want is you.”
Catherine struggled to stand.  Her skirts were in a jumble.  Once she got them straightened away, she ripped the veil from her head.
“Everyone I was to meet saw you take another woman to your bed.  I was standing out here in my wedding dress, and you were fucking someone else.”
“I don’t plan to do it very often.  Now.  Make me some breakfast.  I like the idea of you serving me while wearing that dress.”
Anya went back into their bedroom to get dressed.  Catherine stood motionless.  Choices.  Once again it was choices.  And, once again, the choices were the same.  Go.  Where?  How?  Stay.  Scream, cry, throw things.  Land a few punches.  Or make breakfast.  She made breakfast.
She was still at the stove when Anya came to the table and took her usual seat.  She was wearing the same suit she had the day before.  Gray.  Severe.  But not manly.  Somehow.  Her long hair hung halfway down her back, and her makeup was carefully applied.  Attractive.  Her trousers short enough to expose her ankles and her stiletto heeled pumps.  So, what was the intent?  A woman, but a woman who took charge?  Catherine was uncertain.
“Will you go with me to see General Orlov?”
“No.  He will send a driver for you.  You will go, learn what you can, and report back to me.  I will inform the embassy.”
“And the embassy will have my arrest warrant dropped?”
“If you learn much today, I am certain they will want you to go back and learn more.  You will be here a while, Catherine.”
Catherine put her oatmeal in front of her, and sat.  The huge skirts of her dress pressed up against Anya’s leg.
“The woman you took to bed last night.  Is she my replacement?”
“I didn’t marry you just to replace you.  We will stay together.  You are my wife.”
“You are my husband.  I ask that you love me, and not shame me.”
Anya finished her breakfast.  She took Catherine’s hand.
“I did not need to marry you.  I could have told the embassy some story about shacking up with some woman I found during my travels.  I could have hidden you here that way.  They would not have known or cared.  I married you because I wanted you to be my wife.  I will not always be the best husband, but I will care for you.  You will have a good life with me.”
Anya stood and bent down to kiss Catherine.
“I will be at the embassy most of the day.  Be ready for Orlov at eleven.”
“What should I wear.”
“Wear a sundress.  You will be pretty, and you will fit in.”
“I don’t understand.”
“The general will not be seeing you at some military base.  He will see you in the midst of summer tourists.”
Anya kissed Catherine again, then left.  Catherine sat over her own bowl of oatmeal.  Would she have a good life with Anya?  Maybe.  Months, or even years in Moscow would determine that.  Years?  Maybe.  The unseen wife of a minor embassy clerk.  An odd place to end up.
First, Orlov.  Somehow get him to talk about the Quixote conspiracy.  How?  What did he want?  He was interested enough in Catherine to send out Vasily.  He was interested enough to accept a meeting.  He was after something.  What?
Catherine carefully took off her wedding dress.  Wrinkles.  Lots of them.  She carefully folded the dress back into the boxes.  The veil seemed to have survived the night.  Odd how Zhanna had wanted it pulled over both their heads.  Odd how Zhanna had some connection to Deirdre.  Nice how tightly she had held Catherine all night.  Warm, soft kisses.
Catherine wrapped a towel around herself, then cleaned the kitchen.  The women had not left a big mess from the night before.  But there was work to do here and there.  Catherine finished the kitchen, then worked on herself.  Complete makeup, a bit of scent, earrings, but no necklace.  She chose the yellow sundress.  The skirt didn’t quite make her knees, but it had pockets and short sleeves.  She stared into her mirror.  What impression did she want to make?  It never hurt to be attractive.  Yet somehow professional.  A blazer would have been so helpful.  She hadn’t thought to buy one.  So, she would go, a girl in a dress.
They came for her precisely at eleven.  A knock at the door.  An enlisted man.  Some Russian words that included “Orlov.”  She followed him out to a green car waiting at the curb.  He opened the back door for her, then joined the driver in the front seat.  Two soldiers to take her to Orlov.
She settled herself in the back seat and wrapped her skirt around her thighs.  The soldier had closed the door for her.  Then she noticed it was not a courtesy.  The backseat had no door handles.  A plexiglass barrier separated her from the soldiers.  She was in a military squad car.  She settled herself as best she could.
Anya had been right about the tourists.  They were at the Kremlin in ten minutes.  So were endless crowds.  Catherine had hoped she might see the Kremlin during her time in Moscow.  She had expected to be overwhelmed.  The famous fortress of the Czars.  And it did have the tall brown brick walls of all the pictures.  But.  It also had a million tourists.  It was instantly obvious to Catherine she was going to the Russian version of Disneyland.  Blocks before they got to the Kremlin the street was lined with tourist buses.  The street was filled with tourists backing off the sidewalk to take pictures of the Kremlin, and pictures of each other.
The soldiers in the front seat were quiet initially, then started mumbling to each other, then just started honking the horn pretty constantly as they tried to push their way through stray tourists.  When they got to the entrance they wanted to use, they initially slowly pushed their way through the crowds.  But finally one of the soldiers got out and walked in front of the car.  His English seemed limited to “Fuck you” and “Move,” and that got most of the people out of the way, but he still had to shove one kid taking a selfie in the middle of the drive.
The car finally made it through the entrance and onto the grounds.  The street led along the southern wall and deep into the collection of buildings.  She was in.  Except the tourists had decided that every road was really a sidewalk.  Some were in tour groups, some were alone, but all needed to stop and take pictures of museums, cathedrals, and each other.  The soldier was on his fortieth or fiftieth “Fuck you” (while people took pictures of him), and it looked like Catherine would never get to her destination, but finally the driver pulled the car tight against the wall and stopped.  Whatever Catherine’s destination was, she had arrived.
The soldier opened her door.  He chose to look down her dress as she stood, and at her thighs as she slid across the back seat.  She vowed to find a blazer as soon as she could.  The soldier led, she followed.  A huge sign said “Armory Chamber” in English and half a dozen other languages.  An adjoining sign identified rest rooms and tourist information.  Groups were gathering up in front of it.  Catherine wondered if she would be assigned to one of the groups, forced to spend the afternoon staring at old paintings and Czarist cathedrals.
The soldier led the way across the street and through the tourist mob.  Catherine followed behind, disappointed by the tourist mob, and by the building he was leading her toward.  It was the very first building on the street, barely in the Kremlin.  Not only was she going to Disneyland, she was going no further than the very first attraction.  But she followed along the front of the two story stone building to a doorway some distance from where tourists gathered.  The door was small and solid looking.  She saw a face through a small window.  Her driver said something in Russian.  She heard her name, and the door opened.
No smiles on the other side of the door.  Just a soldier who stood at attention and pointed up a narrow flight of stairs.  He looked down her dress as she came through the door, and watched her ass as she climbed a million stairs.  Each stair creaked louder than the one before.  At the top, another soldier waited.  He was looking down at her chest as the man below watched her ass.  Catherine gritted her teeth and climbed the last stairs.  The soldier leered and pointed down a hall.  More creaking.  The hall was long and narrow.  She counted six offices along the hall.  Only one had an open door, so that’s where she went.
Inside, she encountered her first machine from the current century – a metal detector.  She handed her bag to the operator and slowly walked through.  A woman waited on the other side with a wand.  Catherine extended her bare arms while the woman waved the wand over her.  Bare arms, bare legs, what was there to check?  The woman decided the metal detector she had walked through, and the wand she had stood for was not enough.  She reached for Catherine’s skirt and started pulling it up.  Catherine slapped her hand away.
There was a brief argument as the woman shouted in Russian and Catherine shouted in English, but it ended fast enough.  There was a man standing behind a counter at the far end of the room.  He just said “Come.”  Catherine walked to him.  The machine operator brought over her bag, and no one went after Catherine’s skirt again.
“Passport.”  
Catherine stood at the counter and dug through her bag.  He took the passport from her and ran it through his reader.  When he was done, he reached across and took Catherine’s bag.  He put her passport back in her bag, and then put the bag on a shelf behind him.  Catherine wasn’t happy, but she let it go.  Security.  She had shelved her share of bags at Fort Meade.
She was less happy with the next steps.  They pointed to a wall where they wanted her to stand, and then took her picture.  Next, they got out an ink pad and took her fingerprints.  While she wiped the ink off her fingers, they produced a plastic pass about the size of a credit card.  Her picture, and lots of Russian.  She recognized her American name plus the Russian name that had been on her passport.  What she did not recognize was the Cyrillic for “Dulcinea” and a large job title along the bottom of the card – “Assistant Director.”  The pass had a clip on it, and the Russian woman wanted to attach it to Catherine’s dress.  Catherine decided she could do that on her own.
Next step?  Another hallway.  They opened a door out of the security room and pointed.  Catherine walked.  She was above the tourists now.  She could see them out the windows.  She watched as one of the tour leaders tried to assemble her flock, all of whom were pointing phones and cameras in every direction.  Her car was still there, as were the two soldiers who lounged alongside it.  They saw her in the windows.  Catherine wasn’t sure what she saw in their faces.  She certainly saw no smiles.  She walked along the windows on yet another creaky floor, down a long hallway to the only open door.
The room was dark.  Coming in from the bright light of all those windows, she was nearly blind.  She could just guess at the size of the room.  It seemed large.  There was a desk at the far end, and a conference table to the left.  A small table stood to the right, the room’s only light coming from a small shaded lamp on that table.  A soldier sat in one of the chairs.  If she understood Russian insignias correctly, he was a general.  She had the sense there were others in the room.  Out at the edges.  In the dark.  She took several steps into the room and heard a man walk behind her and close the door.  She thought she heard a lock snap into place.  She also heard pictures being taken.  More than one camera.
“Major, please join me.”  
The general motioned to the other chair.  He wore a slight smile, like a friend asking someone to join a pleasant conversation.  She noticed he did not rise as she approached.  Did Russian officers not stand when a woman entered a room?   Or was this purposeful disrespect?  Catherine took her time walking to the chair.  Her eyes were still adjusting to the dark.  She thought she counted four other men in the room.  Large men.  Bodyguards? 
Finally she took the offered chair.  Leather.  Both chairs were overstuffed leather chairs, large and soft.  She sank down into hers.  The chairs were at right angles to each other, and rested on a deep pile rug.  All that was needed was a bottle sitting on the small table, and two glasses, and the setting would have mimicked two friends sitting together at a good club, having a drink after dinner.  If it weren’t for the bodyguards standing just a few feet from Catherine. 
“I am pleased you have come to see us.”  A very soft accent, but his English was correct.  
He was still smiling pleasantly.  Catherine guessed his age to be mid-fifties.   A large man.  He filled his uniform, and filled his chair.  Catherine paid attention to his neck.  Everything else was covered by his uniform, and maybe augmented by padding.  Not his neck.  It was not hidden.  His neck was huge and spread out from his head, angling toward his shoulders.  The neck of a man who had carried heavy loads over many years.  Maybe a rucksack, maybe heavy weapons, maybe both.  Whatever this man was, he was not to be trifled with.
“Thank you for meeting with me.”
“Shall we have some tea?”  He motioned towards a silver tray with tea service.  He motioned, but made no effort to pour.  He waited.  Catherine hesitated, then poured.
“Am I pouring because I am a woman?”  She placed a cup on a saucer and put it before him.  He looked down her dress as she leaned forward with his cup.  A blazer.  She had to buy a blazer.
“I am a superior officer, but yes, it is also obvious you are a woman.  I am told you are forty six.  I would have thought late thirties.”  
His fingers were far too large for the tea cup handle, so he just wrapped his entire hand around the cup.  He hesitated for a moment, as if to toast her, then drained the entire cup.  Catherine could feel the heat coming from her cup.  She sipped and let it cool.  Clearly he had been sending some macho message.  She chose to ignore the implied competition.
“General, you understand why I am visiting you.”
“Business.  So soon?  I wish to know so much more about you.  For instance, I understand you teach women how to fish.”
“I also teach women how to shoot.  Women can be quite good at it.”
“Yes, we had many women snipers in the war against the fascists.  But no longer.  Now our women live more comfortable lives.  They have gone back to doing what women do best – talking.  Or texting.  Or commenting on social media.  They have a great many things to say.  You women.  Always so talkative.”
“And you direct that talk?”  Catherine put down her tea cup, prepared to finally press him on the Quixote conspiracy.  But he beat her to it.
“I do not direct their talk.  You do, Dulcinea.”
“You know I am not Dulcinea.”  Catherine leaned forward.  She heard movement behind her.  Orlov waved his hand and the men backed away.
“You have multiple federal agencies certain you are Dulcinea.  They know you have left the country.  Some suspect you have come here.  I understand your embassy is on alert for you.”
“They are confused.”
“I think not.  Would you like to meet the women who call you Dulcinea?”
Catherine hesitated.  The troll farm was here?  Orlov was already on his feet.  Catherine stood, then followed him down yet another hallway.  Several men walked behind her.  Big men from the sound of the floors creaking.
Orlov took her hand.  They walked along another bank of windows.  She could see more tourists below.  At the end of the hallway, just above the tourist entrance, she could see an open door and hear the sound of keyboards.  Dozens of keyboards.
“These are your followers, Dulcinea.”  Orlov led her into the room.  At the word “Dulcinea,” every head looked up.  Twenty five or thirty young women sitting at computers.  Row after row of computers.  Every woman looking at Catherine.  There was an instant murmur. 
 “Ladies.  I am pleased to introduce a woman you know well.  This is Major Catherine Johnson.  Formerly assigned to Fort Meade, site of the U.S. National Security Agency.  She has come to thank you for your work in helping fight the rampant corruption we know exists all across America.  Ladies, please salute your commander.”
Instantly every woman stood and saluted.  Orlov returned the salute.  So did Catherine.  Twenty years of military routine.  See a salute, return it.  She heard the cameras clicking and knew she had just done the unthinkable.
“Now, back to your work.  You will have an opportunity to talk with Major Johnson in a few minutes.”
Orlov pulled Catherine’s hand to another place in the room where they could stand and talk.
“We use women of course.  They work for less, and perform far better than men.  They are all university graduates in psychology.”  He waved his arm across the room.  “They have endless exams in English.  Social media we don’t have to explain to them.  They are all young enough that they were born into this world.  
“If they pass their exams, we send them to Disneyworld.  A great place to really understand America.  They stand in lines for hours hoping for seconds of pleasure on some ride they were told to enjoy.  The lines matter.  They can hear conversations around them.  Stress.  Tension.  Disappointment.  They hear the words and hear the inflections.  After Disney, we have them cross America for three weeks.  Restaurants, bars, tractor pulls and Nascar.  They return ready to comment on any on-line topic.
“You, Dulcinea, send them some general guidance.  You tell them which government agencies are most corrupt.  You comment on possible responses.  You are very helpful.”
Orlov was standing close to Catherine.  Very pleased with himself.  He made no effort to hide the fact that his eyes wandered to her chest.
“Obviously the guidance is not coming from me.  Who is the real Dulcinea?”
“I promise to tell you.  But first, wander around the room.  The women here are excited to speak with you.  Go.  Mix with your fans.”
Catherine used the opportunity to see their systems.  She walked back a couple rows, then slid behind women and watched over their shoulders.  Each woman sat straighter. Shoulders back.  Head up.  Huge grins.  They were performing for Dulcinea.  And they were performing well.  Catherine read comments.  Each woman was fully engaged in some conversation.  Generally their first line was agreement with the comment above, followed by some amplification.  Basically, “I agree with what you are saying.  And we also know he did this other crime too.” 
Catherine slipped behind chairs, smiled back at women who turned and smiled up at her.  She knew she was in the middle of a photo op.  She also saw a growing row of large men at the back of the room.  Any objection from her would be brief – and futile.  Her best response was to remember what she was seeing and fully report it to Anya and the embassy.
Several of the women wanted to talk.  They shook Catherine’s hand.  Or they stood and hugged her.  They complimented her courage.  And wished her the best in her exile.  Most also complimented her appearance.  It had the feel of younger sisters reaching out to big sister.
Finally Orlov pulled her away.  Apparently they had all the pictures they wanted.  As they walked back to his office he wanted one last brag.
“The tourists help us.  The women take their breaks down below.  They buy snacks and listen to conversations.  Americans are always the loudest tourists.  So they venture near, begin a conversation, and get yet another upload of attitude and anger.  St Petersburg may have a larger troll farm, but ours is far better situated.  Every measure of impact shows my women get more done.”
“You promised to tell me who the real Dulcinea is.”
Her answer was a jolt from a Taser.  It slammed her against the wall.  While she was still paralyzed from the jolt, her hands were pulled back and handcuffed.  Orlov pressed her against the wall, and talked quietly over her shoulder.
“You will be going home to her.  I would love to be a fly on the wall for that conversation.  I think, by the way, that despite your black belt, she could take you in hand to hand.  But I don’t want either of you bruised up.  So you will go home handcuffed, and with one other gift.”
Catherine could feel something being wrapped around her right ankle.
“We don’t want to lose you.  Also, I know that in the U.S. fugitives just cut ankle monitors off.  Don’t try that.  Wires running through the belt link to an explosive.  It is tiny, but it will blow your foot off.  So, be a good girl.”
Catherine felt the belt being drawn tighter and tighter.  As it gripped her ankle, she could feel her heel rising off the floor.  When she tried to put her foot in the normal position, she felt pain on her Achilles tendon.
“You won’t be doing any running.  Not that you want to.  You plan to be a good Russian wife.  Maybe I will use you from time to time, but mostly you will cook, clean, and do whatever passes for sex between you and Anya.  Understood?”
“Take this thing off me.”
“Our gift to you is permanent.  You will go home to your lover now.  You will be her pet.  When she tires of you, I think maybe Sasha will take you.”  More laughter.  “Sasha?”
Catherine felt a hand at the back of her neck.  It slid up into her hair, then slid down until it rested on her ass.
“Now, Sasha.  Have some patience.  Your time will come.”
Catherine tried again to move her foot.  She could not bring her heel to the ground.  Walking would be difficult.  Running impossible.  
“Catherine, this has been a good meeting.  You were interested in the Quixote troll farm.  Now you know it all.  Of course I have shown you everything because you will never leave Russia.  You got what you came for.  I also got what I wanted.  This has been a good afternoon.”
He backed away and two of the large men grabbed Catherine by the elbows and led her down another hallway.  
Catherine limped down the hall.  Several of the men called after her.  The words were Russian, but she understood what they meant.  Women heard them every day.  She limped as quickly as she could, but not fast enough for two soldiers holding her by the elbows.  They half carried her down a stairway.  More endless creaking stairs with a soldier at the bottom staring up at her, watching her skirt balloon out as she descended.  With the limp, her descent felt endless.  She stepped down with her left foot, balanced on the toes of her right foot, then brought the right foot down to her left foot.  She barely made it to one stair before the soldiers dragged her to the next.  Every step hurt.  She was learning how hobbled she would be.  And she was learning while soldiers laughed at her humiliation.
She was pushed out the door at the bottom, the soldier at the door sliding his hand across her ass as she went past.  She was to one side of the tourists.  Close, but they could not see her.  And if they did?  She was some woman being taken somewhere by soldiers.  Better not to interfere.  Safer to not take a picture.  
The car had been moved.  Some place less visible.  Behind a cathedral.  A longer walk.  Every step was painful.  Finally she was led around a corner.  Both soldiers stood by the car and waited.  Neither of them paid any attention to her limp.  They got back in the front seat while Orlov’s men pushed Catherine into the back seat.  
It was no easier getting out of the Kremlin than getting in.  Catherine moved her ankle as they drove.  She could slide the monitor slightly up or down, but it stayed close.  And tight.  She understood what was happening.  It had been attached in a way to impede the movement of her Achilles tendon.  The monitor meant they would always know where she was.  The position on her ankle meant she would never move very quickly.  She would walk with a limp.  She would never run.  Ever.
Anya was waiting at the apartment.  She heard Catherine climb the stairs, a soldier pulling on her elbow.  The pain was so bad Catherine had tears in her eyes.  Anya stood with the door open.  Catherine limped in.  The soldier went away.  Anya closed the door.  Catherine rose on her one good leg and did a spin kick at Anya’s head.  Had it landed, it would have killed Anya.  Catherine didn’t care.



Chapter 26
Some Truths

 The fight didn’t last long.  Anya saw the kick coming, blocked it, and grabbed Catherine’s leg.  She then pulled Catherine into the bedroom, threw her face down on the bed and tied her ankles with her belt.  Catherine was cursing through all of that.  Anya gagged her.
“I know everyone hates gags, but I don’t want to get into a screaming match with you.  Besides.  What are you going to say – I’m a bad person?  Yes.  I know.  Now calm down, breathe through your nose, and let me talk.”
Anya stood over Catherine.  She also needed to calm down.  She gave herself time.
“I have much to tell you.  All of it will be true.  I promise.  Starting with my uniform.  Did you notice?”  
Anya stood motionless, then pointed to her epaulettes.
“Major.  Russian army.  Yes, Russian army.  I also work for the U.S. State Department.  They have no idea I am an officer in the Russian army.  Too bad for them.  They think I am here gathering intel for them.  And I do gather some.  Enough to cover my real job.  Nothing too important.  Meanwhile, I run the Moscow troll farm.  I suppose Orlov took credit for whatever you saw there.  But I set it all up.  I even picked the location.  I don’t go there much.  I don’t want the embassy to spot me.  I have an office elsewhere and text in the directions for my trolls.  As you were told, I am Dulcinea.”
As she talked, Anya took off her uniform.  She lay down next to Catherine.  Catherine immediately turned her face away.
“Turn your face toward me, Catherine.  I need to talk about you, and me, and us, and it will be better if you are looking at me when I do it.”
Catherine turned toward Anya, her eyes nearly shut, her jaw trembling with rage.
“Easy, Catherine.”  Anya began stroking her hair.  “I know you are angry.  You feel betrayed.  And I suspect you feel some fear.  Handcuffs will do that.  Orlov wants that.  There is absolutely no reason for you to have an ankle monitor.  You can’t go anywhere.  But Orlov wants you to feel that device on your ankle.  And I am sure he liked the idea of sending you home in handcuffs.”
Anya continued to stroke Catherine’s hair as she slid closer, her face just inches from Catherine’s.  She took her time.  Slow strokes.  She watched for Catherine’s breathing to slow.
“I have much to explain, and much to apologize for.  I know today was a horror for you.  I am sorry.  Know that.  I am sorry for your pain and your fear.”
Anya continued to slowly stroke Catherine’s hair.  She kept her face close.  She waited.  When she thought the right time had come, she moved one arm under Catherine’s neck, then across her back, holding Catherine to her.  The other hand stayed in her hair, continually stroking.
“I went to see you.  That kayak weekend.  We knew you would soon be identified as Dulcinea.  I wanted some sense of how you would react.  What we could expect.  And I liked you.  You were just a name before.  Now you were a person.  You were about to be destroyed.  Charges, legal fees, probably jail time.  You were about to lose everything.  The kayak lady.  Running workshops for women.  Brilliant idea, important work.  And you had no idea it was all going to go away.  Dulcinea the innocent.  Dulcinea the beautiful.  Maybe not in the classic sense, but plenty attractive.  At least to me.”
She moved her hand to Catherine’s face, caressing her cheek.  She kissed her forehead.  She studied her eyes.  Saw they were less clenched.  Progress.
“I made some calls.  Why leave you to the Americans?  Was a long trial what we really wanted?  Might a trial help the Dulcinea myth or kill it?  The spirit lady made real.  Made vulnerable.  Did we want that?  What if we moved you to Moscow?  The decision was left to me, but resources were lined up."
Anya took her time.  No need to rush.  Let Catherine listen and absorb.  Give her a sense of the decision process.  Help her understand what was done.  Anya kissed her several times, and played with her hair.
“Tell me.  Do you really like the hair cut I gave you?”
Catherine made no response.
“It was important.  Not just a haircut.  It was the first time you trusted me.  Really the first time you gave yourself to me.  No hesitation.  You put yourself in my hands.  And I think I did well for you.”
Her hands stayed in Catherine’s hair.  She pressed her hips against her.  She watched her eyes.
“The second weekend.  Fishing.  Silly thing to do.  But the sun was warm, the river bank was quiet.  We all sat in the grass, ate sandwiches and talked.  And you looked at me.  I saw it in your eyes.  Yes, we had spent a day at the Hilton and nights in your bed, but were you really interested?  Not just some stupid move to make Jim jealous?  I thought I saw real interest already on the first weekend, but I was sure I saw something as we sat along the river.  And that changed things.  Yes, you could be useful to the Moscow troll farm, but maybe we would be lovers.  Change of plans.  Change of approach.”
Enough for a while.  Anya held Catherine.  She kissed her face.  She stared into her eyes.  She rearranged a pillow they both shared.  She monitored Catherine’s breathing.  Saw it slow.  Felt her body relax.  Anya closed her eyes, and both of them rested for a while.
“Our time together in Amberg was beautiful.  You were fabulous in bed.  And our final night, when we danced…  That was it for me.  I wanted you here, in my apartment.  I wanted you as my wife.  I wanted to be with you the rest of my life.”
Anya kissed Catherine’s face.  Her hand never left her hair.  Slow strokes.  Gentle touches. 
“I loved you then.  I love you now.  I want us to share our lives.  I have a plan.  Will you listen?”
Catherine shook her head.  Anya waited.
“Please?”
Catherine nodded.
“We are married.  That matters.  I am sure Orlov wanted to take you.  His wife is old and sick.  He was hoping for a mistress.  But he needed to keep his wife from knowing.  He would have put you in some room and kept you there.  That would have been your life.  Pleasing him two or three times a week.  But he can’t.  We are married.  We had a party.  A reception.  Everyone knows we are married and has seen the German license.  He will leave you alone.  You will be safe here.
“That is my plan.  For you to be safe.  For you to be my wife.  Just as we said in Germany.  My wife.  You will cook, clean, shop.  We will take walks in the evening.  We will have parties.  You will make friends.  Zhanna to start.  Shop with her.  Enjoy your days.  We will please each other at night.  I will be a good husband to you.”
She held Catherine, watched her eyes, and waited.  Her hand never stopped moving through her hair.  She felt Catherine’s breathing.  She waited.  Then she continued.
“I will take off your gag, but you must not scream at me.  Call me a bitch, but do it quietly.  Agreed?”
Catherine nodded.  Anya found the knot at the back of her neck, and loosened it enough that she could pull the gag down.  The fact that it was still around Catherine’s neck was an implied threat. 
“You are a bitch.  And a liar.  You are an enemy soldier.  If you keep me here, some night I will stab you while you sleep.”
Anya put the gag back.
“You were once a soldier, but you were never an assassin.  You will not stab me.  You may punch me a few times, and I deserve those punches, but you will not hurt me.  At one point you loved me.  I hope you will love me again.  I promise to be good to you.”
Anya waited.  She kissed Catherine’s forehead and played with the hair at the edge of her face.  She took her time.  She waited for Catherine to calm.
“I’m going to take off your gag, and this time I am going to leave it off.  Don’t shout, but you can say anything you want.  But first I ask one thing from you.  When did you know we were right for each other?  When did you know we were a match?”
Anya undid the knot in the gag, pulled it from around Catherine’s neck and dropped it on the floor.
“Shoes.  We were sitting on my bed and putting on shoes that last night.  I don’t own any heels, so you loaned me a pair of yours.  We sat together.  We had dressed for each other.  We would dance together.  And that was good.  But it was something about putting on shoes together.  Sharing.  Two middle aged, former jocks, dressing for each other.  Sharing clothes.  I buckled those sandals around my ankles, looked at you, and knew.  You were the one.”
Catherine looked at Anya, tears in her eyes.  Then she dropped her head on Anja’s shoulder and started sobbing.  
“You have no idea how much your lies hurt me.”
Anja stroked her hair and let her cry.
“I felt love that night.  I am glad you did too.”  She tightened her arms around Catherine.  She kissed Catherine’s face, and finally her mouth.  “That woman you wanted is right here.  We are together.  In our apartment.  Married.  We have each other.”
Anya waited.  She studied Catherine.  She watched her eyes.  She hoped for a kiss.  A deepening bond.  Some warmth as Catherine pressed her hips against her.  She saw the woman’s face relax, and her pupils dilate.  She was a woman ready to be loved.  But first she whispered two words. 
“Why me?”
“What?”
“Why pick me to be Dulcinea?  How did this whole thing start?”
“Google.”
“What?”  Catherine looked up at Anya, her face a mixture of confusion and pain. 
“We followed the QAnon model.  Someone mysterious, high up in government telling insider stories.  Quixote would be the second Q.  But we needed someone high up in government, and mysterious.  We brainstormed for weeks.  We picked NSA.  New agency, powerful, mysterious.  Okay, our insider would have an NSA connection.  Then we decided this insider would be a woman.  Our trolls would be much happier working for a woman.  Prouder.  The sisterhood fights back.”
Anya waited.  She saw anger building in Catherine. This wasn’t going well. 
“Sorry.  This was never about you.  We had no interest in hurting you.  We didn’t know you.  We just did Google searches.  Key words – NSA, woman.  Lots of names.  We added “security.”  Far fewer names.  One of them was yours.  We put a research team on every name.  Your team said you were perfect.  Head of security at Fort Meade.  Twenty year military career.  Now retired.  Off to someplace we couldn’t find on a map.  But your web presence showed your lodge and your business.  And your face.  A good face.  Younger women would follow you anywhere.”
“I am here because of a Google search?”
“Yes.”  Anya waited.  Watched.  She hoped she didn’t need the gag again.
“Does google say what happens to me next?”
“Orlov will use you for propaganda.  He has already sent me most of the pictures they took this afternoon.  You serving him tea.  You saluting the trolls.  You standing among the trolls as they work.  You looked happy, as did they.  You were also wearing a badge that identifies you as Dulcinea, Assistant Director.  He will pick some images and give them to a man of his who leaks things to the American embassy.  You are compromised.  Return to America is impossible for you now.”
“I can never go home again.”
“Catherine, I want this to be your home.  You are my wife.  I will keep Orlov away.  I will protect you.  He may demand some work from you, but it will be minimal.  I am Dulcinea.  I run that farm.”
“But if he wants me?”
“If he wants you, he will take you.”



Chapter 27
Grampa’s Story

Silence lasted nearly an hour.  Catherine was motionless.  Expressionless.  She had much to process.  Anya let her do it.  When Catherine finally spoke, it was to ask for her release.
“Take off these handcuffs.  I will make your dinner.”
Anya rummaged around on the floor to find her uniform pants, and took the key from a pocket.  She freed Catherine.  Catherine untied her ankles and walked to the kitchen without a word.
Anya remade the bed, put her uniform away, and put on a cocktail dress.  She also spent a lot of time on her hair and makeup.  She felt she needed to win her wife all over again.
Catherine boiled potatoes and grilled a piece of meat.  She stood on her left foot, often raising her right foot off the ground.  She felt a bit like a stork.  When she walked, it was on the heel of her left foot and toes of her right foot.  It hurt.  She twisted the plastic restraint, and slid it a bit higher and lower.  Nothing helped.  Twice she felt tears coming, but she quickly wiped them away.  She mashed the potatoes and turned the meat under the grill.  Her hands formed into fists several times, and once they shook so much she dropped a fork she was using.  But she made the meal.  She filled two plates and brought them to the table.
“Anya, dinner.”  She wasn’t sure she said the words loud enough to be heard, but Anya appeared at the kitchen entrance.
“Catherine, I have laid out one of my cocktail dresses, if you would like to wear something else to dinner.”
Catherine looked down at her dress.  The bodice was soaked in sweat, the skirt was a mass of wrinkles.  Then she looked at Anya.  Satin.  Makeup.  Hair perfectly combed.  Yes, she would change.  
Catherine was gone for nearly an hour.  Her hands sometimes clenched.  She redid her eyebrows three times.  Eyeliner was nearly impossible.  She did her best.  Anya’s cocktail dress was a bit tight, but Catherine got herself into it.  The skirt was well short of her knees.  She looked down at her knees, but only saw the plastic wrapped around her ankle.  She wiped her eyes yet again and returned to the kitchen.
Anya had found a table cloth somewhere, and candles.  And wine.  She waited for Catherine to approach the table, then held her chair.
“Catherine, you look beautiful.”  Anya pulled Catherine’s hair to one side and kissed the back of her neck.  Catherine sat with her hands in her lap.
The food had been covered, and Anya had done some reheating, but everything was dried out and cool.  They ate the potatoes and a few bites of the meat.  Anya kept Catherine’s wine glass full.
“The table looks nice.  Where do we keep the candles?”  Catherine’s voice wasn’t completely lifeless, but it was close.  Anya pointed to a kitchen cabinet.
“Top shelf.  Near the back.”
Catherine nodded.  They each had another bite of potato, then sipped more wine.  Catherine stared at her glass, at her plate, at the kitchen cabinets, then finally she turned to Anya.
“After dinner, I need you to tell me who I married.”  She returned to staring at her wine glass.  She finished it, then stood.  Immediately her ankle hurt her and she leaned against the table.  “And tell me about this fucking thing.”
She limped to the sink with her plate, then came back for Anya’s.  She quickly washed them.  Anya stopped her before she went for the pot and the grill.
“Sit with me, Catherine.  I will tell you anything.”
She took Catherine’s hand and pulled her to the living room couch.
“Let me look at your monitor.”
Catherine sat on the couch.  Anna sat next to her and pulled Catherine’s right foot up onto her lap.  She turned the monitor so she could see where the electronics were encased, and she moved Catherine’s foot to see how her tendons pressed against the plastic band that surrounded the ankle.
“He had his man tighten it.  They laughed as he did it.  I can’t stand the usual way anymore.  Can you loosen it?”
“No.  I don’t have the tool for that, and it would send a signal to them.  They would be here in minutes and bad things would happen to you.” 
“They have my passport and my purse.”
“They took everything that was American, and gave you what is Russian.  You were given an ID card.”  Catherine nodded.  “Over time you will learn Russian.  Start with the alphabet.  The Cyrillic letters.  The ID card says you are Catherine Antonov.  A Russian citizen.  It says you are assistant director of a military facility.  It gives this apartment as your address.   Under spouse it says Anya Antonov.  Orlov summed up your new life.  You live here now.  This is your home.  You are my wife.”
While she talked, Anna slid her hand up Catherine’s leg.  She moved slowly.  Lightly.  Under Catherine’s skirt, and inside her thigh.  Catherine watched her do it. 
 “Yes, I’m your wife.  I will cook for you, and clean for you.  But you should be helping me get free of this.”
“I will talk to Orlov.  He will say no.  I will ask again.  In time he will free you of this.”  
“In time my ankle will be damaged.”
“Yes.  He hates Americans, Catherine.”
“Do you hate Americans?  My husband.”
“Yes.  I do.  You should know that.  Do you wish to leave?  Shall I take you someplace?  Is that what you want?”
“No.”
“No what?”
“No, I don’t want to leave.”
“Then ask to stay.”
“Please Anya, let me stay with you.”
“I need to hear that again.”
“Please Anya.  Let me stay with you.”
“What is your relation to me?”
“I am your wife.”
“And your name?”
“Catherine Antonov.”
“You will not argue with me.  I am trying to help you.  But you will do your part.  You are my good Russian wife.  You will cook, and clean, and warm my bed all winter.”
“Anya, your American grandfather left Russia.  Tell me how he did it.”
“He didn’t.  He lived his life here, and died here.  As you will.”  
“Tell me about him.  And about you.”
“Vodka first.”  Anya went back into the kitchen and returned with two glasses and a bottle.  “Drink.  You are Russian now.  My bride.  Drink like a Russian.”
It burned her throat, but Catherine drank much of the glass.  Anya refilled it.
“I told you in the park the Americans were here in the early thirties.  There were people from other countries too, but the Americans seemed like the biggest catch.  The land that had attracted people from all over the world, was now sending its people to the newest country – the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.  They were pictured in newspapers, interviewed on the radio, even put in newsreels.  All the world was to see American workers joined with their class brothers, finally free and happy in the worker’s paradise.  They even had time for baseball.”
“You said there were thousands.”  
Anya lifted Catherine’s legs again, pulling them over her thighs.  She pushed her hand up under Catherine’s skirt.  As she did, she looked into Catherine’s eyes.   There was much she wanted to see.  It was not there yet.  Disappointing.  She stroked Catherine’s thigh and continued her story.
“About fifty thousand.  They were spread all over the country, so an exact count is hard, but there were enough for an English language newspaper, and of course there were bars that drew mostly Americans.  Some came and left after a few months, but more came.  It was still the Depression in the U.S.  And some U.S. newspapers were covering the American presence here.  It seemed safe and interesting, so people came.”
“Your grandfather?”
“Arrived in 1932 and found a job in a factory here in Moscow.  He claimed he had worked in a factory in America.  That was a lie, but it got him a job at a time when Americans were popular.”
“When did they stop being popular?”
“Socialism never worked.  That was already clear by the 1930s.  Collective farming in the Ukraine left millions dead from starvation or from secret police bullets.  Factories produced little, and what they produced was poor quality.  They got the Ford Model A plant built, but they could never complete the cars.  There was always some part that didn’t arrive from some company in a very confused supply chain.  The first year’s Model A production rusted beside the factory, waiting for steering wheels that never arrived.”
“So the Americans?”
“Nothing worked.  But Stalin couldn’t say, ‘Oops, I guess Marx was wrong.’  So he announced the state was being sabotaged by ‘wreckers’.  Secret police started making arrests.  Foreigners were obvious targets.”
“And your grandfather didn’t leave.”
“All their passports had been taken.  Usually some manager just said they needed them overnight while a residence permit was issued, but the passports were never returned.  That gave the Soviets U.S. passports they could use to sneak agents into the country – just change the picture and the passport worked.  It also meant the Americans couldn’t go home to tell stories.  All their work documentation now said they were Soviet citizens.  They weren’t allowed exit visas, and they had no passports.  They weren’t going anywhere.  They worked on, and eventually every one of them was arrested.”
“The embassy didn’t help?”
“The surest way to get arrested was to approach the American embassy.  Something you should consider.  And, back in those days, even if an American got to the embassy, he got no help.  Anyone who had left America must be a communist, and the US didn’t need any communists coming back.  Not that they were much help anyway.  Even embassy employees were arrested and sent to camps, and the embassy did nothing.”
“So your grandfather was sent to the Gulag.”
“To you, that’s just a word.”
“True.”
“First, he was beaten.  Fifty days, seventy, longer if needed.  Some prison here in Moscow.  Beaten and starved and sleep deprived.  Finally they broke.  All of them.  They signed some paper confessing to some sin.  And they were put on a train east.  Weeks in a cattle car.  Many died even before arriving in the east.”
Catherine pushed Anya’s hands from her legs.  
“So he was caught up in the Terror.  We know about this.  Stalin killed millions.  Worked them to death in mines and forests.  All of this is known, Anya.  Your grandfather was arrested and beaten and starved along with ten or twenty million Russians.  Stalin was a monster.  It was one of the greatest crimes in history.  Here’s what I don’t know.  Why are you here?  Why Russia?  Why Moscow?  Why do you wear that uniform?  You are on the wrong side.”
Anya sat impassively while Catherine shouted at her.  She waited for Catherine to finish, then sat silently.  She studied Catherine, and waited while Catherine stared at her in confusion.
“Don’t challenge me, Catherine.  I will explain myself when I am ready.  As my wife you will have much to learn about me, and about my grandfather.  It will take time, but you will learn.  Your ID lists your official name – Catherine Antonov.  That is your name now – Catherine Antonov.  It is a good name.  A proud name.  I do not share it with you lightly.  Antonov is my name, and my grandfather’s name.  You will respect that name.  He was not just another victim of Stalin.  Not just another statistic.  Not just one of twenty million.  He was a great man.  As you will learn.  Now, of all the things you learned today, remember the most important – you are my wife.  I married you to see you had love and protection.  I expect love and respect in return.  Now.  Get me another glass of vodka and then prepare for bed.  Wear something I will like.”
Catherine froze in place.   She was in a world where she had only one friend.  And she had just insulted that friend.  
“Anya, I mean no offense.  What was done to your grandfather was terrible.  But it was done by Russians.”
“Catherine, you know so little.  Tell me are sorry, then do as I told you.”
Catherine obeyed.  Did she have a choice?  She would obey this time, and next time, and every time.  And that’s how it would be.  She carefully stood and then went to the kitchen.  She poured Anya half a glass of vodka and brought it to her.  Anya accepted it without comment.  She stared at Catherine and waited.  Catherine went back to the bedroom and changed.  In Fulda Anya had picked out a yellow satin night gown for her.  It was tiny.  It covered just the smallest part of her breasts, and barely made it over her ass.  It was made to entice.  
Catherine limped out to Anya.  She stood and let Anya look.  Anya motioned that Catherine should turn.  She was to display herself.  She was to obey.  Catherine slowly turned while Anya watched.
Anya kept her standing.  And slowly turning.  There was a lesson being taught.  A relationship being established.  Anya watched Catherine turn and pose, and turn yet again.  Catherine would stand as Anya wished, and hold herself as Anya wanted.  Waiting for Anya’s approval.   Standing in satin meant to please.  Standing in satin that hid nothing.  Standing, knowing she would be asked to stand many more times, exhibit herself many more times, hold herself ready many more times.  That was the meaning of this moment.  She looked back at Anya, her eyes acknowledging this truth between them.  Another truth.  Anya would now rule her life. 
Anya recognized the look, and the acceptance.  She patted the seat next to her.  Catherine could sit.  Anya leaned over her, pushing her head back onto the top of the couch, her hands deep into Catherine’s hair, holding her head in place.  She peered down into her eyes.
“Your name?”
“Catherine Antonov.”
“Your job?”
“I am your wife.”
“A wife obeys.  Say it.”
“A wife obeys.”
“And a wife pleases.”
“A wife pleases.”  She paused, and then added, “Anya, I will do my best for you.  I hope you will do your best for me.”
“I will do as I will.  You will do as I wish.  You will be a good Russian wife.”
“Yes, I will be a good Russian wife.”
Anya kissed her.  She held her face over Catherine’s when she was done.  She stared down into her eyes, and waited.  Finally she gave Catherine her instructions.
“You learned much today.  I know much of it was unpleasant.  But you also learned of my love.  I married you to protect you.  I married you to give you a home.  I married you because I wanted you.  You agreed to be my wife.  You wanted things too.  You are here.  With me.  You will remain with me.  You will give me your love, but you will also give me your respect.  We have talked of this.  Of being a good Russian wife.  This is your life now.  Tell me now.  Yes or no.  Is this the life you accept?”
“Yes.”
“Is this the life you want?”
“Yes.”
“Tell me.”
“Anya, I love you.  I am proud to be your wife.  I will obey you.  I respect you.  I will do anything for you.  But please.  Protect me from Orlov.  Please.”
“I will protect you.”



Chapter 28
Wednesdays with Zhanna

June became July and then became August.  Catherine was aware of time passing.  She was also aware she had come to enjoy much of her situation.  Anya was a demanding lover, but talented.  She forced Catherine to please her in many ways.  Sessions lasted well into the night and left both of them covered in sweat.  Breathless.  But after Catherine pleased Anya, Anya did just as much – or more – for Catherine.  There were nights Catherine was too breathless to moan.  It was a whole new level of pleasure, and one Catherine was in no hurry to abandon.  She loved her nights with Anya.  In truth, she loved Anya.  Maybe not in the way she had back in Amberg, but it was love.  She did not have to be forced to kiss Anya.  She did not have to be forced in bed.
She enjoyed her mornings, Anya in the shower and then dressing in her uniform, Catherine cooking breakfast in her nightgown and waiting to be fondled.  There were similarities to how she performed for Jim, but this wasn’t just one morning a week before he ran off to his school.  This was morning after morning of intense affection.  A hand on her ass while Anya ate. A slow walk to the door while Anya held her tight, pressed her back against the door, kissed her and whispered the right words.  Catherine loved those moments.  Still hot and wet from where Anya had pressed against her, she limped to the windows to wave as Anya got into her car.
Catherine had a list of chores to accomplish every day.  But they were simple enough.  She had cleaned a huge lodge.  She could certainly manage the little apartment.  Within weeks she had deep cleaned the carpet and removed all the gunk from between the parquet blocks of the floor.  The kitchen took more work, but the grease wasn’t too hard to remove from most surfaces.  Catherine found a cook book.  Anya helped translate.  Anya also left CDs and books to teach Catherine Russian.  Not an easy language.  But Catherine made progress with her Russian, and with her cooking.
Anya brought groceries home in the evening with instructions for what she wanted to be served the next day.  Catherine had cooked for many years, but the cookbook guided her through Russian meals.  Anya was generally pleased with what Catherine served.
Anya returned from work each night at seven.  Catherine started getting ready for her at five.  Her hair was a chore, but she brushed it carefully, giving it some sheen and some shape.  She used some of her makeup, and took some of Anya’s.  She wore some of her own scent, but also took Anya’s.  She rotated through eight or nine dresses.  Some were hers, some were Anya’s. They were all short.  They were all low cut.  They all seemed to please Anya.
Dinner was long and relaxed.  Mostly Catherine listened to Anya.  They sat close.  Anya said nice things about Catherine’s hair or dress.   Eventually they would move to the couch and watch the sun set.  Catherine pressed against Anya while Anya held her and talked about people at the office.  At some point, soon after the sun set, Anya would have Catherine put on some music, and they would dance.  They would hold each other tight.  Anya always wore her heels, and Catherine stayed barefoot as she had all day, so Anya would be taller and lead.  All the dances were slow, all mostly just involved groping and swaying.  Catherine kept her arms around Anya’s neck, and her head on Anya’s shoulder, and waited while Anya kissed her cheek and whispered.  Her words mixed with the music.  They were always the right words said with just a breath of air against the side of her face.
At some point, always when Catherine was already hot from being held tight to Anya, Anya would wrap her arm even tighter around Catherine’s waist and half lift and half push Catherine the few steps back into their bedroom.  And their night would really begin.
Those were the good days.  And they were very good.  In some ways, they were exactly what Catherine had been hoping for – a partner to love her, hold her, and be with her.  It felt like a marriage.  She felt Anya’s arms around her, and she was happy.  Yes, she was captive.  She knew that.  She never lost her awareness of her true situation, but the smiles, the kisses, the kind words, and the pleasures each night were also part of her true situation.
But not every day was so good.  One morning Anya used a camera.  She wanted pictures of Catherine in her night gown.  Pictures on the bed in many positions.  With the night gown revealing much.  Pictures of her standing against the door with her satin straps hanging down over her shoulders and her hands behind her back holding her skirt tight across her hips.  Anya took that shot many times, rearranging her hair many ways and asking for a range of expressions.  From pleasure to pain, love to fear.  
Anya whispered all the right words as she took the pictures, and Catherine posed as asked, her face in whichever expression Anya required.  She wanted to please Anya.  She smiled, she turned, she enticed, she pretended tears.  She performed as asked.  But after Anya was gone, she wondered if the pictures were for Anya, or if Quixote might be taking Dulcinea in a new direction.
Wednesdays were for Zhanna.  It turned out Catherine’s initial impression had been right.  She was a Finn.  Her husband worked at the Finnish embassy, very proud of his assignment to the most important capital.  He saw himself as rapidly advancing in his career.  Zhanna had a house keeper and no children.  She had time on her hands.
Zhanna arrived just after lunch.  She and Catherine walked the six blocks to the grocery store each week.  They walked slowly.  Anya had found Catherine some comfortable shoes with a two inch heel.  It turned out, if Catherine kept her heel raised two inches, she could take steps without pain.  But they had to be slow, careful steps.  As for the device itself, they hid that under an Ace bandage.  
They chose to speak Russian on their walks, English back in the apartment.  Catherine’s Russian grew from nothing, but it didn’t grow fast.  Conversations on the street were simple.  “There are many cars today.”  “That is a pretty house.”  “It is warm today.”  “Please walk more slowly.”  In the store, Zhanna pointed to items, gave their Russian name, and then added “It is expensive.” Or “Anya will like that.”  They usually filled one or two shopping bags and then slowly walked home.
Back in the apartment they switched to English.  Zhanna always had lots to say as they shelved groceries.
“We talk about children every month or so.  He wants to wait.  Wait for the next promotion.  Wait for the next posting.  Wait for summer, or winter, or pigs flying by the windows.  I am twenty eight.  How long can I wait?”
Catherine could offer no advice.  She listened, she hugged Zhanna, she wiped her tears.
At some point they would move to the couch and sit together.  Zhanna would put her legs over Catherine’s and rest her head on her shoulder.  Catherine would keep an arm around her.  Her other hand would rest on Zhanna’s legs until Zhanna pulled Catherine’s hand up under her skirt.  They would kiss, and fondle, but always stop short of overt sex.
Zhanna would whisper into Catherine’s neck.
“This feels so good.”
“Yes, it does.  Zhanna, pull my sleeve down and put your hand on my breast.”
“Like this?”
“Yes.  Thank you.”
That might go on for an hour.  Lots of silence.  Lots of grins.  Maybe there would be more talk.  Maybe not.  One week talk was of Deirdre.
“How do you know her?”
“She visited the embassy about two years ago.  So huge.  So black.  I spent an afternoon with her.  Like this.  Her hands are huge, but soft.”
“She gave you passwords?”  Catherine looked down at Zhanna.  She waited, then kissed the top of Zhanna’s head.
“I texted her when I heard of your wedding reception.  I asked if she knew you.”
“We worked a case together in Maryland.”
“She said you went to a lodge together for several days.”
“We were celebrating the capture of a very bad man.  And, we became lovers.”
Zhanna raised her head and kissed Catherine.
“I want to be your lover too.”
“I am married now.  What we do on this couch is all I will do.”
There was a long silence after that.  Zhanna continued to caress Catherine’s breast.  She began squeezing her nipple, almost to the point of pain.  Then she kissed the breast and went back to fondling it.
“Thank you for not hurting me.”  Catherine kissed the top of Zhanna’s head.
“Deirdre gave me a message for you.  Make love to me and I will tell you.”
“I will not bargain with you, Zhanna.  Just be a good friend and talk to me.”
There was another long silence.  Zhanna tested Catherine’s patience.  Patience won out.
“She wants you to tell her about Anya.”
“Tell her Anya is my husband.  I am happily married.  I plan to stay with her the rest of my life.”
“I think she wants to know about Anya’s work.”
“You know Anya’s work.  She works at the American embassy.”
“There is no more?”
“There is no more about Anya.  About me, tell her I am safe and happy.”
Several other Wednesdays Zhanna mentioned Deirdre.  Catherine always ended the conversation quickly.  Her final message was always the same – “tell her I am safe and happy.”  By August Zhanna stopped mentioning Deirdre.  They sat on the couch, held each other, and talked of other things.



Chapter 29
Orlov at the Door

Once a month General Orlov came to the door.  Always soon after Anya had left for work.  The first time he arrived, Catherine was certain he had come to take her.  She saw the staff car pull up at the curb.  Orlov got out and stood looking up at Catherine in the window.  He made no sign, shouted no message, but it was obvious he expected her to come down to him.  That first visit, she didn’t come down.  So Orlov sent his driver to her door.
Catherine was wearing a sundress and had just pulled on an apron.  It had been her plan to spend the day baking.  She took off the apron and put on her walking shoes.  Then she stood at the door.  She wasn’t sure what to expect.  Handcuffs?  She made the driver wait at her door.  He knocked once, waited, then knocked again, far more loudly.
She opened the door expecting a fight, but the man stood at attention.  He spoke Russian, but he spoke it slowly.  She only understood a portion of what he was saying, but the message was obvious.  He motioned towards the street.  She heard “come” and “General Orlov”, and she thought she also heard “please.”  As she stepped out into the hallway, he backed away and did not attempt to grab her.  He led the way down the stairs.  She followed.
She limped as she crossed the lawn.  And she had not covered the ankle device with a bandage.  She wanted him to see what he had done.
“Are you here to take this thing off me?”
“I am here to talk with you.  Please get into the car.”
There was no threat in his voice, but of course there didn’t need to be.  He ordered, she followed.  There would be consequences if she did not.  All that was obvious.  He held the back door for her.  She slid across the seat.  He joined her.  She thought she felt the car settle under his weight.  
“I hope you are enjoying your time in Moscow.”
“Yes.  I am.”  It struck her as odd, but she was telling the truth.
“Anya is treating you well?”
“Yes, very well.”
While they talked, the driver got the car moving.
“Are we returning to the Kremlin?”
“No, I have another destination in mind.”
“And that destination would be?”  Catherine’s stress levels were climbing, but she hoped it didn’t show.
“Catherine, I will take you wherever I wish, and when we get there, I will do whatever I want.  You understand that, right?”  What made his words more frightening to Catherine, is he said them with an easy smile.
“Yes.  I understand.”  Catherine sat back in her seat, folded her hands in her lap, and watched out her window.  
“Catherine, give me your hand.”
She held out her right hand, and he took it.  She had large hands for a woman.  He had huge hands for a man.  Her hand disappeared in his.  Point being made?  She wasn’t sure.
“I will visit you from time to time.  We will talk.  I will not hurt you.  But we will talk.  Now sit back and enjoy the ride.”
He kept hold of her hand, and she could feel him watching her.  She looked out the window as the car drove to the edge of Moscow and then kept driving.  They were deep in an aspen forest when the driver pulled over and got out.  He walked about fifty feet ahead and smoked a cigarette under a tree.
“Catherine, now we will talk about Anya.”  He pulled on her hand and tightened his grip.  “You will look at me as we talk.  That is just polite.”
“You said you would not hurt me.”  She looked at her hand.
“I am sometimes impatient.”  He loosened his grip on her hand, but continued to hold it.
“I have told you about Anya.  She is good to me.”
“You cook and clean and make borsht.  You are a good Russian wife.  I know.  You also study Russian so you can talk with her.”
“We only speak Russian in our apartment.”
“Only?”
“Well, mostly.”
“What language do you speak when she has parties?”
“I try Russian.  Sometimes they understand, and I understand.  Sometimes I speak English.”
“These parties are well attended?”
“Ten or twelve.  I do not know if you think that is well attended.  But the apartment is small.”
“Men and women?”
“All women.”
“Attractive women?”
“They dress well.  They seem nice.”
“You talk and…”
“We have some food, some vodka, some wine.  And we dance.”
“You dance with other women.”
“Yes.”
Orlov now took her hand in both of his.  
“You should be with a man.”
“I should be with Anya.  I am married to her.”
“You love her.”
“Yes, I love her.”
“You will kiss me now.”  He leaned towards her.  Catherine did not shrink away.  She formed a fist with her free hand.
“No.  I will not kiss you.”
“You will fight me?”  He looked at her fist.  She opened her hand.
“No, I will not fight you.  There is no need.  You are a senior officer.  You will observe the military code of conduct.  You will not rape me in the backseat like some high school boy.”
“True.  I will not rape you.  I am no danger to you.  You will kiss me because you wish to kiss me.  We are friends.  Friends kiss.  You will do it now and again when we return to your apartment."
Catherine looked past him to the aspen forest.  No cars.  No people.  Just trees.   She could be executed and buried there.  She could be raped, despite his words and rank.  She felt an overwhelming fear.  There was a chill in her arm.  She knew he felt it through her hand.  She was shaking.  She leaned forward and kissed him.  She looked at him and despised him for making her shake, and despised herself for being so weak.  He sat still while she kissed him, but he felt her hand, and saw her face.  He knew exactly what he was doing.  He thanked her for the kiss.
“Catherine, I will visit you from time to time.  We will take drives, and we will talk. We are friends.  Friends talk.  You will tell me how Anya is treating you.  And you will tell me about her parties.  I wish to know more about them.  You will give me some names.”
“You are asking me to spy on my husband.”
“You call a woman ‘husband’?”
“That is what she wishes to be called.”
“She is the husband, you are the wife.”
“Yes.”
“Interesting.”
Orlov signaled his driver, and they returned to Catherine’s apartment.  They sat at the curb.  Orlov still held Catherine’s hand.  Apparently they were not finished.  Catherine chose to use the opportunity.
“If I get you some names, will you take this device off my ankle?”
“You do not understand.  The monitor is not there to hurt you.  It tells us where you are.  Yes, it will tell us if you try to escape, but it will also tell us if you need us.  I wish to help you.”
“It hurts when I walk.  You wanted that.  You could have made it much looser.”
“You have already adjusted to that.  You wear attractive shoes, and you walk more slowly.  More like a lady.  Now.  Kiss me.  We are friends saying good bye.”
She leaned toward him and kissed him.  This time he put a hand at the back of her head while they kissed.  He did not press her face against his, but she could feel that hand.  The hand that a lover would place.  When the kiss was over, he held her and stared into her eyes.
“You do not believe it, but there will be a time when we are good friends.  A time when you will come to me looking for a kiss.”
He moved the hand from the back of her head, and let go of her hand.  The driver opened her door and she slid out.  She walked slowly across the lawn.  She knew he was watching her.  She stood straight and walked tall.  And she felt his eyes on her every step.
As the summer progressed and Anya threw her weekly parties, did Catherine remember names?  Yes.  Did she tell Orlov those names?  Some.  It felt a bit of revenge.  Catherine acted the good hostess, making snacks and smiling at every guest.  But the parties had a flow.  A flow she resented.  At some point in the evening, there seemed to be some signal, and women paired up.  Maybe it was with the woman they had been dancing with.  Maybe a different woman.  But they found a mate and scattered.  Anya took her woman back to their bedroom.  Catherine was directed to the couch.  She never understood how the women were allocated, but Catherine was given one.  Catherine stayed on the couch and did what she was expected to do.  Her job was to please whatever woman had been left with her.  That was never stated, but it was obvious.  Catherine gave pleasure.  But she also took names.  




Chapter 30
Fear in the Park

Two or three times a week, Catherine and Anya would take a walk.  Usually to Gorky Park.  Catherine wrapped a bandage around her ankle monitor, and wore the shoes Anya had bought for her.  If she walked slowly, she felt very little pain.  And it was evening.  A time for a comfortable stroll.  Anya wore her uniform, Catherine wore one of her summer dresses.  They looked like two old friends.  
By mid-August these walks were an old habit.  A comfortable way to spend an hour before returning to their couch to watch the sunset.  They walked slowly.  The sun was not as high as it had been in June, but still it would be hours before dark.  A safe time for women to walk.  Others were out.  The park had the usual collection of joggers, young couples, families with kids.  A few police were around.  Catherine paid them little attention.  Technically it was a crime to cover the ankle monitor, but she had done it many times and had never attracted any attention.  
Her ankle gave Catherine some pain, and she knew she was chafing skin under the monitor, but it felt so good to feel the air on her face.  A slight breeze shifted her hair and her skirt.  It had been a hot day, but a very comfortable evening.
They never got to the park.  They were just across the street from it, already in the shade of the huge park oaks, when a soldier approached.  He needed to talk with Anya.  Something important, and apparently private.  The two of them walked a dozen steps up the street, their backs to Catherine as they examined some papers.
Catherine stood waiting.  She noticed two policemen staring at her, but she ignored them.  She looked at Anya’s back, waiting for her to finish her business.  And suddenly the police were there, one in front, one in back.  Catherine looked toward Anya, assuming she would translate if they had questions, but Anya was engrossed in the papers the soldier was holding.
The cop in front of Catherine pointed to her ankle and made some request.  Whatever Russian Catherine knew seemed to evaporate.  The cop’s request became a demand.  Catherine didn’t understand a word, but she could guess what he wanted.  She reached into her shoulder bag for her ID card.  The instant she touched her bag, the cop behind her grabbed her left arm and cuffed it.  The cop in front twisted the hand in the bag so hard it felt like her elbow was dislocated.  He pushed her hand behind her and it was cuffed too.  
More pointing and shouting about her ankle.  He kicked her ankle just above the monitor.  He had questions.  He made demands.  He shouted at her in Russian.  Catherine didn’t understand a word.  She tried to turn away.  He punched her just below the diaphragm.  The other punched her in the back, just left of a kidney.  She struggled to breathe.  The pain was astonishing.  
Anya.  She needed Anya.  She turned her head to see Anya, only to have the cop grab her hair and turned her head back towards him.  More demands.  Another kick at her ankle.  Then motion.  They had a squad halfway down the block.  They half lifted, half pulled her towards the car.  So.  She was under arrest.  
Or was she?  The cop who had been shouting at her was now smiling at her.  He was also reaching down the top of her dress to grab the front of her bra in his fist.   He said some words, pulled her tight against him, then began pulling her toward a squad while his partner held her cuffed wrists.  They moved her along.  She noticed two other cops coming up the street.  Words were exchanged.  She didn’t know the words, but she knew the smiles and the attitudes.  She suddenly felt like a gift to be opened and used.  This was going to be very bad.  
Catherine waited for Anya to intervene.  She didn’t.  She was still involved with the soldier and the papers.  The cops that held Catherine kept moving her towards the squad.  Catherine already guessed what would happen if they got her into the back seat of that car.  Catherine tried to dig in her heels to stop the cops pulling on her, but the minute she set her feet, her right ankle felt like it exploded in fire.  Finally she called for help.
“Anya, please.”
The cops already had her partially down the street.  One pulled, one pushed.  One stared into her eyes, keeping his face close and taunting her in Russian.  It had to be a taunt.  The hand on Catherine’s breast made his intentions clear.  Catherine twisted her neck to look for Anya.  Anya was looking the other way.  She continued talking to the soldier and staring at some papers.  
Two more cops crossed over from the park.  They would join in the fun when the time came.  Those holding Catherine had practically picked her up.  They were in a hurry to get started.  Catherine was moving much faster to the squad.
“Anya, please help me.”
Anya paid no attention.  The cops with Catherine were laughing back and forth, preparing for an evening of fun.  One of the new cops opened the back door of the squad.  He wanted to be sure to be included.
“Please.  Anya.  Help me.”  
Anya didn’t seem to hear her.  Catherine struggled, but suddenly there were six of them.  They pressed her against the squad.  Catherine twisted to keep from being shoved into the back seat.  She was on the edge of panic.  The cop holding her bra was now digging his free hand into her hair and pulling her head to him for a kiss.  His hot breath seemed to beat against her face.  He got his mouth on hers as the other cops laughed. 
“Anya, please.”
 Anya finally looked.  She heard something in Catherine’s voice.  Finally she noticed what was happening.  Now finally, she hurried to where the officers were struggling with Catherine and waved her military ID.  They continued to hold Catherine next to the squad, ready and anxious to shove her inside.  All six cops were now pressed against Catherine.  Hot, and happy.
Anya held her ID like a priest might hold a crucifix.  Raising it before their eyes.  
She never raised her voice, but she presented what must have been the military equivalent of the Ten Commandments.  Catherine guessed she was describing jurisdiction.  If so, she needed to repeat the description at least ten times.  Those holding Catherine were not ready to give her up.  Based on the bulges she could see in their pants, they all had plans for her.  The cop kissing her and squeezing her breast ignored Anya.
Catherine was headed for the back seat.  And from there, some alley where cops would have their fun.  She twisted with all her might, and dug in her feet, but it was six to one.
A green staff car came around the corner, squealing tires as it made the turn.  It nearly ran into the cops.  Two soldiers jumped out, hands on the side arms strapped around their waists.  Lots of shouting followed.  The bulges never fully went away, but eventually Anya’s words and two armed soldiers overcame cop hormones.  Five of the cops let Catherine go.  The sixth, the one still squeezing her breast and kissing her, barely noticed the ID Anya was shoving in his face.  It took two of the other cops to pull him off.
Once the cuffs came off, Catherine almost collapsed.  Anya caught her upper arm, and slowly led her away.  The apartment seemed miles off.  The cops laughed as they watched the women.  Catherine breathed, and walked.  Sweat running down her face, the cop’s spit still dripping from her mouth.  She limped up the street.  Anya had to half carry her up the stairs.  Not a word was said.
Once inside, with the door closed and locked, Catherine collapsed against Anya.  She lay her head on Anya’s shoulder, wrapped her arms around her neck, and thanked her as she cried.  She held on, pressed her face into Anya’s neck, struggled for breath, and cried.
“You wear an ankle monitor, therefore you are a criminal, therefore you have no rights.  They would have found an alley, and they would have taken you again and again.  You understand that, right?”
“Yes.”
“Maybe they would have kept you as a toy.  Maybe they would have sold you.  Eventually, well, you know.”
“Yes.”
“Maybe we will stop our evening walks.”
They stood together while Catherine cried.  Eventually she stopped.  Catherine limped into their bedroom.  She pulled off everything that had been touched by the cops, and then went to the bathroom to wash.  She had worn makeup for the walk.  Mascara ran in streaks down her face.  She washed her face.  She washed her arms where the cops had held her.  She ran a cloth over her chest where she had been grabbed.  She washed once, then did it a second and a third time.
She knew she was shaking.  And she was still crying.  She had been terrified.  Everywhere she had looked, more men had been coming to take her.  She was a prize they had won.  An evening they would talk about for weeks until they found another woman with an ankle monitor.  One more woman on her back in the backseat, her fears and cries laughable.
Catherine looked in the mirror, convinced she was looking at a different woman.  Not the woman she had been that morning.  Her hands continued to shake, but Catherine limped to her bedroom.  She found a nightgown, pulled it on, then dropped into bed.
Anya came in later and sat on the edge of the bed.  She placed a hand on Catherine’s cheek.  Catherine took the hand and pushed it away.
“You said you would protect me.  You didn’t.”  
Catherine rolled away from Anya and pulled the covers over her head. Anya slept on the couch.




Chapter 31
Aftermath

The next morning was ugly.  Catherine awoke exhausted.  She had slept in brief intervals.  Just moments here and there.  If she heard cars on the street, she wondered if the cops were coming for her.  If she heard any noises in the adjoining apartment or on the stairs, she wondered when the cops would come through her door.  She shivered and shrunk herself, trying to hide.
Catherine was scared.  And she was angry.  And she was needy.  She woke up alone in bed, shivering.  She needed Anya.  Anya had helped at the end.  Late.  So late.  So close to being too late.  But she had helped.  She and the soldiers.  They had saved her.  Anya would save her again.  Catherine limped out to the living room and lay across Anya. 
“Anya, will you protect me?”
“Yes.”
“What more do you want of me?  Help me know what more I can do as your wife.”
“You will please me.”
“Of course.”
“Be a good girl.  Be a good wife.”
“I will.”
“Say the words.”
“I will be a good girl.  I will be a good Russian wife.  I will please you in every way I can.  I will obey you in all things.”
“That is what I wish.  Now make my breakfast while I shower and dress.”
Catherine limped bare foot to the kitchen.  She had food and tea ready when Anya appeared in her uniform.  Anya took a chair.  Catherine put her food in front of her, and then stood back.  Anya reached out to her, but Catherine backed away.  Needy one moment, she was angry the next.
“That soldier.  The one you were with.  What was he showing you?  What was so important you didn’t see cops taking me away?”
“We are considering a new project for our trolls.”  
She reached out to Catherine again.  This time Catherine approached.  Anya ate with one hand while the other hand slid up and down the back of Catherine’s night gown.  She settled her hand across Catherine’s ass and pulled her against her shoulder.  Catherine ran her fingers through Anya’s hair and kissed the top of her head.
“Anya, could you stay home today?  Could you stay with me?”
“Catherine, you will be safe here.  As long as you are in our apartment, they will not harm you.”
Anya finished her breakfast, rose and walked quickly to the apartment door.  Catherine limped behind, staying close.  She tried again at the door.
“Anya, please.”
“You will be safe in here.”  
Catherine reached out to Anya.  Anya wrapped her hands around Catherine’s shoulders and forced Catherine down and back.  She held her in that position, on her knees, her face hovering over Catherine’s.
“Be a good girl.  Be a good Russian wife.”
“Please.”
Anya kissed Catherine, then left her on her knees.  She was out the door before Catherine could move.  Catherine froze as she listened for the key in the lock.  When she heard it, she stood and put her hand on the door.  She listened for Anya’s footsteps on the stairs.  When she heard them, she turned the doorknob and tried to open the door.  It was locked.  She was glad.  The door was now part of her protection.
She limped to the windows and watched Anya emerge from the building and walk to the green car waiting at the curb.  She stood where Anya could see her.  Anya glanced her way as she got into the back seat.  Catherine thought maybe she saw her smile.  Then she was gone.
Catherine immediately dropped to her knees and moved to the edge of the window.  Fear overwhelmed her.  She waited to see if a police car would arrive.  But no other car, green or otherwise, parked before the building.  Catherine waited to be sure, her chin on the window sill.  She looked up and down the block.  No cars.  Yet.
Catherine spent that morning doing things she knew to be crazy.  But she did them anyway.  She crawled across the living room and then carried a kitchen chair to one side of the windows.  She would have a perch to watch for cops.  Then she limped back into her bedroom and pulled open her wedding boxes.  She pulled on both petticoats.  They were long, and full, and covered her legs and her ankle monitor.  She liked the warmth of the cotton on her legs.  Then she took out her veil and pulled it over her head.  It too was long.  It reached over her shoulders and hung down to her waist.  It covered the breast the cop had held, and the upper arms the other cops had gripped and bruised.  It hid what she wanted to hide.
Now she went back to the kitchen chair and looked out the window.  She watched for cops through a blur of silk and embroidered flowers.  The petticoats mounded around her feet, and the veil hid the rest of her.  She was invisible.  Just a pile of white cotton and silk.  A pile that could see and not be seen.  Catherine found she had her arms wrapped tightly around her middle, buried inside the veil.  Hidden.  She found she was pulling her legs in tighter too.  She was making herself smaller.  If she could vanish, she would.  Catherine sat that way the rest of the morning, alternately shaking and crying, knowing she was crazy.
Early in the afternoon, she showered and dressed.  The wedding clothing put away.  But she wasn’t well.  She wanted to throw things, and hide, and hold on to someone.  She sat on her chair at the side of the windows and watched the street.  She looked around the room for things to barricade the door if the police came.
It was Zhanna who came to the door.  Wednesday.  Shopping day.  Catherine opened the door a crack, pulled Zhanna inside, then immediately locked the door behind her.  She grabbed Zhanna’s hand, pulled her to the couch, sat, and then yanked Zhanna on top of her.
“Hold me.”
Zhanna sat on Catherine’s lap, her arms around Catherine’s neck.  Catherine leaned back and pulled Zhanna tight against her.  Zhanna could feel Catherine shaking and crying against her neck.
“What happened?”
“Just hold me.”
Zhanna kissed the top of Catherine’s head and held her tighter.  She also rose slightly and pressed her breasts against Catherine’s face.
“Someone hurt you.”
“Cops.”
Zhanna reached back, unzipped her dress and unhooked her bra.  She pushed her clothing down to her waist and pushed her breasts back into Catherine’s face.  One breast found Catherine’s mouth.
“That’s it.  Right there.  Your tongue.  Yes.  Deirdre said you liked this.”
Zhanna tightened her arms around Catherine’s head, pressing her breast against Catherine’s mouth.  She held it there as she slowly stroked Catherine’s hair.
“That’s it, Catherine.  Please me.  I will hold you.  We will be lovers now.  Yes, just like that.  You are so good.”
Zhanna gripped Catherine’s head with one hand, and stroked her hair with the other.  She told Catherine how pleased she was.  She told her she loved her.  She kept her breast pressed into her mouth.
“If you want, tell me what happened.”
Catherine kept her arms tight around Zhanna.  She spoke with Zhanna’s breast still in her face.
“We were walking.”  Catherine paused.  “Cops saw my ankle.  They took me.”
“’We’?  You were with Anya?  She let them take you?”
“She was talking to a soldier.  Important project.”
Zhanna pressed her breast back into Catherine’s mouth.  She held it there while she thought.
“Winter is coming.  It is time for longer skirts.  We can hide your ankle.  I know a shop we can walk to.”
“No.  They will see me.  I will not leave the apartment.”
“Take me to your bedroom.  I will measure you.  We can use my dressmaker.”
Zhanna rose, pulling Catherine up with her.  She had Catherine’s dress off before they got to the bedroom.  Once there, she pushed Catherine onto the bed and climbed onto her.  Her breast went back into Catherine’s mouth.  Her hand reached down toward her thighs.
“The police took you and hurt you, and Anya worked on a project?”
“She came for me.  And two soldiers.  They saved me.  But I was so scared.  Six of them.  And I was handcuffed.”
“That must have been awful.  What project is worth all that?”
“She didn’t say.  I don’t care.”
Catherine started to move under her.  Zhanna pushed her legs apart and held her. In a minute she had Catherine calmed again.
“I will do what Deirdre does.  Like that.  Tell me if this pleases you.”
She heard Catherine gasp and knew she was succeeding.
Zhanna held Catherine on the bed most of the afternoon.  She felt Catherine tense up, and then relax under her.  She told her how much she loved her, and how much she had wanted such an afternoon.  She spoke in whispers as Catherine lay on the verge of sleep.  She used her breasts and she used her hands and she knew she was pleasing.
Later in the afternoon Zhanna took Catherine’s measurements.  Catherine gave her a tape measure from a sewing kit in the closet.  Zhanna spent a long time measuring Catherine’s bust.  And after each measurement she stood on tiptoe for a kiss.  She left Catherine standing undressed.  She promised to be back in a week with several dresses.
Anya.  As Zhanna closed the apartment door, Catherine’s immediate thought was Anya.  Catherine needed Anya.  The best response?  Be a good girl, a good Russian wife.  Anya liked fresh bread.  Catherine baked.  Anya liked cookies.  Catherine baked.  
Then Catherine got Catherine ready for Anya.  She showered, then spent forever on her makeup.  Eyebrows – the perfect arch.  Eyes – emphasis and just a bit of color.  Cheeks – color and shape on her cheekbones.  Mouth – a shade of red she knew attracted Anya.  A new scent for the day.
Her dress.  She had worn all her sundresses multiple times.  Now she dressed in her satin cocktail gown wishing she had bought half a dozen more in Fulda when she had the chance.  Why not sparkle?  Why not shine?  If ever there was a woman who needed to keep her marriage intact, it was Catherine.
She made sure she was ready and dinner was ready when Anya returned at seven.  A kiss at the door, a glass of vodka in hand.  It brought a smile and a pat on the ass.  Anya never changed out of her uniform in the evening.  She hung her coat, but left on her shirt and uniform trousers.  She sat at the table, Catherine brought her dinner, and then Catherine brought her own.  Catherine’s plate was half as full as Anya’s.  
It was a plan.  Catherine knew Anya would lose interest if Catherine got fat.  If that was true, would it not also be true that Anya would love her more if she was thin?  So Catherine ate no breakfast or lunch, and ate half of Anya’s amount at dinner.  She had no scale to weigh herself and measure progress, but as days passed and she zipped herself into her cocktail dresses, she felt the zipper pull more easily.  Progress.
Conversations?  That night and the following nights, Catherine pointed out areas she had cleaned or anything she had baked, but she kept those comments short.  Dinner was time for Anya to talk, and Catherine to listen.  And Anya did talk.  She didn’t talk about what she did in the army, and certainly nothing about Quixote.  She protected that information.  But she was happy to talk about people.  One night it was the pregnant woman in the office and how people were reacting to her.  Another night it was a new girl and all the men who were suddenly hovering around her.  Catherine wondered if Anya was also hovering. 
Night after night it was stories about people until Catherine remembered their names and asked for the latest.  Stories started at dinner and continued as the two of them moved out to the couch.  Anya had another glass of vodka.  Catherine sipped a bit, but chose to avoid those calories.  They sat together, watching the sun move toward the horizon.  Catherine knew her position was to put her head on Anya’s shoulder.  Anya would hold her with one arm and caress her with the other.  
Catherine lay still while Anya kissed the top of her head, or raised her face so she could kiss her lips.  Catherine waited while Anya chose what she wanted to talk about, what she wanted to do with her hands, and when she wanted to dance with Catherine and take her to bed.  While Catherine waited in Anya’s arms, she looked out the window.  Cops.  She watched for cops.  





Chapter 32
Orlov’s Visit

Several days after being grabbed by the cops, Orlov came for a visit.  Catherine was watching out the windows.  She no longer hid under her veil, but she wrapped the petticoats around her legs to hide the ankle monitor.  And she pulled her legs in tight.  She saw Orlov’s car arrive, but she didn’t move.  She watched for cops that might be approaching.  Orlov got out of the car and waited.  Catherine watched.  When she was sure no cops were approaching, she took off the petticoats, changed into one of her nicer sundresses, combed her hair, and went out to Orlov.  He greeted her and followed her into the back seat.
This was now their fourth or fifth visit.  They always went to the same place.  Orlov held Catherine’s hand, but said nothing until the car was parked in the forest and the driver was some distance away smoking his cigarettes.
“You must have been very frightened the other night.”
“Yes.”  Catherine was looking at her knees.  This was not a conversation she wanted to have.
“I am pleased my soldiers were able to help.”
“Your soldiers?”  Catherine turned to face Orlov.
“Yes.  I told you.  The monitor lets us know where you are, and when you need help.  The tracking system saw you being taken to a police vehicle.  I sent a car.”
“Oh.”
Orlov wrapped an arm around Catherine’s shoulders.  She was struck by how large his arm was.
“I will protect you, Catherine.”
He pulled her closer to him.  She slid her hip up against him without thinking.
“Do you have more names for me?”
“Yes.”
He pulled a pad and pen from a seatback pocket and placed it on her lap.  Catherine wrote names from the most recent parties.  Normally she gave him four or five.  This time she gave him eight.  His arm stayed around her shoulders, her hip tight against his.
“Has Anya told you about her new project?”
“No.”
“I am surprised.  You should ask her about it.”
“I never talk to her about work.”
“Aren’t you curious?”
“No.  I am a good Russian wife.  I cook, I clean.”
“She has a large part of her farm working on vaccines.  You are providing your trolls with all kinds of ideas and information.”
“I am not Dulcinea.”
“They see your face on all their texts.”
“Please stop doing that.”  Catherine looked up at Orlov.  Sitting so close, he looked huge.  He had a comfortable smile on his face.  Friendly.  But Catherine only saw huge.
“You have an important place in Russia.  You are Dulcinea in the Kremlin, and a good Russian wife at home.  You are the model citizen.”
“When I sit with you like this, I feel like the mouse the cat plays with before eating it.”
“I am not playing with you, and I will not eat you.  I will protect you.”
“I will give you names from Anya’s parties.  Can I stop being Dulcinea?”
“No.”
Catherine closed the note pad and gave it to Orlov.  She waited.  His huge arm stayed around her shoulders.  His hand stayed on her upper arm.  It did not grip her arm, nor did he stroke her arm.  His hand was just there.  Huge.  Warm.  It stayed there as they sat in silence.
“We are friends.  As friends, I wish for a single kiss on the lips.”
Catherine turned and kissed him.  She did it with her eyes open.  She watched his face.  What did the cat want of its mouse?  All she saw was a smile.
“Thank you.  That was very nice.”  
He motioned to his driver and took Catherine back to her apartment.



Chapter 33
Long Skirts

Zhanna was back a week later with four dresses.  She took them straight to the bedroom and undressed Catherine – and herself.
“You get the dresses, but first you get me.”
She pushed Catherine onto the bed and climbed on top of her.  She dug her fingers deep into Catherine’s hair to hold her head while she kissed her.
“Zhanna, I don’t want this.  I want us to be friends.  I am grateful to have you as a friend.  But I don’t want us to be lovers.”
“We can be friends next week.  Two housewives out shopping.  We can be excited about bargains.  Today we are going to be excited a better way.  Now show me more of what you and Deirdre used to do.”
Zhanna had her way for the next hour.  And Catherine admitted she enjoyed it.  They pleased each other, then moved to the shower and pleased each other again.  Zhanna was obviously very experienced, and very eager to please.  Out of the shower, they stood close as they dried each other, and wrapped towels around each other’s hair.  Zhanna was much shorter than Catherine, but she stayed up on her tiptoes, and Catherine lifted her with a hand on her ass.  In the end, despite saying she only wanted a friend, Catherine was every bit as engaged in their love making as Zhanna.
They were holding each other, wrapped in towels, when Zhanna started her queries.
“You and Deirdre?”
“We were lovers when I worked in Maryland.  I was nearing the end of my enlistment.  Twenty years.  I was done.  She was still in the FBI, but I could have followed her anywhere.  I wanted to spend my life with her.  She had lots of reasons, but in the end she left because she didn’t want to have a white woman back home.”
“She still wants to help you.  I think she could get you out of Russia.”
“I don’t want to leave.  And it’s not just the warrant for my arrest.  I would have come with Anya warrant or no warrant.  I love her.  I married her after knowing her less than two weeks.  It was the best decision of my life.”
“Will you help Deirdre – tell her about the troll farm?”
“She doesn’t need my help.  You have told her I am here, so she knows the farm is here.  New farm.  Extended effort.  She will figure that all out on her own.”
“And this new project?”
“Just more trolls and bots.  Her people monitor Instagram and FaceBook.  She will know whatever the new project is when the first text goes out.”
“And I tell her nothing?”
“Tell her you pleased me even when I asked you not to.  And tell her I still love Anya.  I am a happily married woman.”
“And the police?”
“Yes, I am afraid of the police.  But your dresses will help hide my ankle.  Right?”
Catherine spent the next half hour trying on the new dresses.  Generally, Zhanna had gotten the sizing right.  One dress would have to go back for alterations, but the other three would work well.  Not only were the skirts long enough to hide the ankle monitor, but the skirts were lined.  They would be warm.
Catherine kept one of them on, and pulled Zhanna out of the bedroom.  The sat on the couch and talked.  About Anya, about Zhanna’s husband, about the last party Anya had given and the next one.  They sat close, held hands, and talked like friends.
Catherine kept the dress on after Zhanna left.  She wanted Anya to see, and hopefully to approve.  She made dinner, poured Anya a glass of vodka, and was standing at the door when Anya arrived home.
“So, you will hide the monitor?”  Anya had Catherine turn in place so she could see the new dress.
“Yes.  Is it okay?”
“The dress is plain.”  She ran her hand over the long sleeves.  “But it will be warm.  And it will protect you.”
Catherine hugged Anya so hard she almost spilled her vodka.
“Thank you.”
Anya put her vodka down in the kitchen and took Catherine’s hand.
“You haven’t been out of the apartment in over a week.  Let’s see the sun.”
Catherine balked.
“Not to the park.  Please.”
“No.  Just out to the front lawn.  I want you to feel safe.”
Catherine limped down the stairs with Anya, holding her hand.  Outside, they took several steps out onto the lawn.  Anya did not force her.  They stood together in the shade of the trees.  They looked west toward the park and the setting sun.  They talked.  About the weather, about their day, about their parties.  They stood in the fading sunshine, near the security of their apartment, and talked.  Together.
In the weeks that followed, if there was no rain, or no evening party, they came to that same spot on the lawn and talked.  Anya never tried to move Catherine farther from the apartment.  And Catherine was more certain of her love for Anya.  Best decision of her life.


Chapter 34
Orlov’s Dance

September brought major changes to Moscow.  Daylight shrank by almost three hours from what they had in June.  Temperatures were still reasonable during the day, but nights were cold.  Catherine was glad of her long dresses.  She and Zhanna went shopping for more.  Moscow understood winter.  There was plenty of heavy material, and lots of thick linings for skirts. 
Anya was throwing fewer parties, but the format was unchanged.  Anya took one woman to bed.  Catherine entertained on the couch.  She hated doing what she was doing.  But she did it.  Anya wanted it.  Catherine remembered the name of every woman who went into the bedroom, and every woman she was forced to please on the couch.
Orlov visited in late September.  He stood next to his car and waited.  Catherine was wearing a long dress but changed into a shorter summer dress.  She wanted him to see her ankle.  She spent time on her hair and makeup.  She wanted him to wait.  But he sent his driver to her door.  Not a patient man.
Orlov took her hand as she approached the car, and told her how lovely she looked.  Catherine nodded and turned toward the car.  He stopped her and pulled her back to him.  
“We are friends, correct?”
“Yes.”  Catherine stood before him a moment, then kissed him on the lips.  “We are friends.”  
Orlov held her a moment longer, then followed her into the car.
“I have names.”
Orlov handed her a pad and Catherine wrote them out as they drove.  Orlov draped an arm over her shoulders and pulled her to him.  Catherine slid her hips against him.  Her legs leaned against his.  She was once again aware of how huge his body was.  And how warm.
“Anya is treating you well?”
“I have been a good wife.”  Catherine smiled and returned the pad.  She had recalled twelve names.
“I am sure you have.  What of Anya?”
“She is good to me.”
“She takes you to the park?”  Orlov took one of Catherine’s hands.  His face was all sympathy.
“She knows I am afraid of the police.  We go outside, but never leave our lawn.  I need to be careful of police.”  Catherine felt tears come to her eyes.  She looked up at Orlov.  He pulled her closer.
“I sent my men as quickly as I could.”
“Yes.  But still, I am afraid.  I go shopping with Zhanna, but I wear a dress that hides my ankle.  And we never go near the park.”
“I know about the new dresses.  I do not object.  They will keep you warm this winter.”
“Thank you.”
Orlov held her so that she was slightly turned toward him.  His arm was huge.  It held her against him without effort.  Catherine felt odd being held by him, but she chose not to move.  The mouse being held by the cat.  In fact she liked the warmth.  She found herself relaxing in his arms.
“I have a favor to ask of you.”  Orlov was speaking quietly, almost intimately, his face inches from hers.  “My wife is ill.  I wonder if you would have dinner with me.”
Catherine hesitated.  Dinner and then what?
“I should ask Anya.  I cook for her.”
“I will have my secretary contact her.”
“And I should not be out too late.  She will expect me home.”
“I will take you home at whatever time you wish.  This is very kind of you.  It is a bit of an occasion.  I would be embarrassed to go alone.”
“I doubt I am dressed appropriately for a special occasion.”
“I will be leaving you with some women who will take care of you.”
Catherine noticed that they were pulling into the Kremlin.  Not the tourist entrance.  A guard stopped the car and looked at passes.  Then he saluted and the driver steered through narrow streets to a huge white building with a green roof.
“This is the Grand Kremlin Palace.  Like most government buildings there is far more below ground than above.  A woman will come for you.  She will take you to a place where you can change.”
“Where will I meet you?”
“When you are ready, they will take you to where you need to be.”
The car stopped, and a woman emerged from a side entrance.
“Catherine, thank you for these names, and thank you for joining me for dinner.  I am very grateful.”  
He smiled, and waited.  Catherine kissed him.  No hesitation.  No encouragement.  She kissed him.  He put a hand at the back of her head, and this time he held her.  She held the kiss.  One of her hands went up to his neck.  She stopped, looked into his eyes, and kissed him again.
“Thank you, Catherine.  I hope you will enjoy our dinner.”
A middle aged woman stood outside the car.  Catherine took a final look at Orlov, and then followed the woman.  She led the way into the building and then down two flights of stairs.  She spoke rapid Russian as she walked.  Catherine did the best she could to keep up.  Her ankle hurt.  And she wanted to look around her, but all she had time to see was endless doorways and overhead pipes.
Their destination?   Large room with about twenty women.  Six or eight were being attended to.  The rest were doing hair, makeup, and clothes.  They all looked up when Catherine came through the door.  She got about two seconds of attention, then they went back to doing whatever they were doing.  Catherine was led to a chair in the corner.  Lots of lights.  Lots of sinks.  An obvious odor.  She was in a salon.
Catherine got an initial inspection from two women.  Rough hands.  One took her chin and turned her face one way and another.  One pushed her hair around.  Neither woman appeared happy with what they saw.  Neither said a word to Catherine.  A quick look around the room showed that all the women were getting pretty much the same treatment.  They sat, the experts worked.  It occurred to Catherine that she and the others were manikins.  Bodies on which makeup and clothing would be placed.
Time to leave?  And go where?  And she admitted to some curiosity.  What was this event that filled a palace salon?  Her option to leave ended a few minutes later when the tailors came for her.  Lot of measurements.  And for some reason they needed her dress and shoes.  Catherine surrendered all but her underwear, stood for measurements, then went back to her chair in the corner.  She saw a stack of towels, and wrapped one around her shoulders and placed one across her legs.
Waiting.  After being microscopically inspected by two sets of women, nothing happened for a while.  Not her turn, apparently.  She sat.  She watched what happened at the sinks.  She looked around the room.  She discovered a woman looking back at her.  Also sitting.  Also waiting.  The woman began talking.  In Russian.  Catherine was still largely at the “hello, my name is…” stage.  She shook her head when the woman appeared to ask a question.
“Russkaya?”
“Da.”
“Nyet.”  Catherine might claim to be Russian, but the woman knew she wasn’t.  She launched into several other languages.  Finally got out a few words of English.  Catherine nodded.
“How much?”  The woman ran her thumb over her palm.  The international sign of money.  Catherine shook her head.  The woman repeated her question.  “How much?  You old.  Dollars.  Five hundred?”
Catherine didn’t understand where this was going.  She made a circle with her hand.  Zero.  The woman laughed.  She sat up a little straighter and pointed to herself.
“Two thousand.”  At this point Catherine thought she understood.
“No money.  Friend.”
The woman laughed and pointed at Catherine’s ankle.
“Red.  Pros toot.”
“No.”  Catherine looked at her ankle monitor.  Yes, the plastic strap was red.  Was that a code?  Had Orlov identified her as a prostitute?  And she had walked the streets for months with only an ace bandage covering it?  Why had Orlov done that to her?  Why had Anya said nothing?
“Liar.”  The woman jeered and turned away.
Catherine looked around the room.  The women being worked on were young, but looked hard.  Tattoos on their thighs.  No butterflies.  Cigarettes in their hands.  Eyes somewhat clenched.  The woman across from Catherine saw her looking around the room and smiled.
“Good girls.”  She pointed up.  “Bad girls.”  She pointed down, then around the room.
So, Catherine had been brought to the bad girl salon.  Seeing the red ankle monitor, the guide woman had known where to take her.  Catherine would have much to say to Orlov.
She had a long wait before she could say it.  It was late morning when she had arrived.  It was mid-afternoon before she got her time at the sink.  They took forever with her hair.  They said nothing to her, but she could smell what they were doing.  Her hair was washed, then lightened, then conditioned.  Once it was dried, it was parted in the middle, pulled around the sides of her head, and fastened in a French braid along her neck.  They never asked her if she wanted it that way, and they never gave her a mirror.  She was a manikin.  They would do as they wished.
Her face took over an hour.  In the process they talked over every blemish.  She saw them point to the lines near her eyes and along her nose.  She wanted to yell, yes, I am forty six.  She would pretty sure the words would mean nothing to them whether spoken in English or Russian.  They did what they did.  She lay back and let them.  Her face would still be hers in the morning.
If they were unhappy with her hair and face, they were seriously concerned about her nails.  One more hour gone.  
Then came the dress.  They had her put on her shoes first.  Sandals with three inch heels.  At least her ankle would hurt less.  They also decided she needed a corset.  Catherine had eaten nearly nothing over the last month, but they wanted her thinner.  Both women pulled on the laces.  It took her down a size or two.  The dress?  Red satin, off the shoulder, A-line skirt.  They decided to put a ruffled petticoat under it to add some shape.  The real concern was the hem.  They had used up all the material in the skirt.  It was still about an inch from the ground.  They walked around Catherine a dozen times talking over the problem.  Finally they accepted the fact that time was up.  The dress would be worn as is.
Once they were in their dresses, the women were not allowed to sit.  No wrinkles.  They were herded towards the door and made to stand.  There was a mirror on the wall, and each woman stood and stared.  The woman who had talked to Catherine looked and said, “Now, three thousand.”  The other women laughed.
Catherine was impressed with the salon workers.  Her hair was several shades lighter.  It looked good that way.  Her face had a sheen to it, and her features were highlighted and enhanced.  No wrinkles by eyes that now looked larger.  Younger.  And the dress?  She found herself sliding the skirt around her.  It flowed.
Two more things before they would go up to dinner.  First, a walk.  A woman had each of them walk from one side of the room to the other and back again.  The walk, the turn.  Final instructions on step length.  Emphasis on hip movement in the turn.  Hips were to lead the turn.  Each woman did the walk three times.  Catherine saw improvement in their walk, and in her own.
Last step?  Jewelry.  Apparently each woman had been assigned some.  The head of the salon had a large box and pulled out smaller containers with each woman’s name on it.  Catherine was last.  A golden choker was put around her neck.  Maybe half an inch wide.  Gold mesh.  Catherine lifted her hair and the woman closed it at the nape of her neck.  Earrings were also gold.  Catherine had to laugh.  Silhouettes of a wind mill.  Maybe an inch across.  They hung on small chains.  With her hair up as it was, they would be immediately visible.  A message.  Catherine stood and let the woman push the hook through her piercings.
More waiting.  The women looked at themselves in the mirror.  They looked at each other.  They touched the new jewelry around their throats.  Time passed slowly.
When the door finally opened, the woman pushed towards it, but were stopped by two guards standing in the hallway.  Instructions.  Catherine caught a few words, but the guards made everything clear through their actions.  Two guards led, two guards followed.  The women were to stay together, not that they had much choice.  Down a long hallway, to a freight elevator.  They were going to be brought to dinner on a freight elevator.  They boarded.  Four floors up they arrived at the back of the kitchens.  Catherine was making a list of the insults she would hurl at Orlov.
Through the kitchen to yet another hallway.  And there Catherine was stopped.  The other women moved through a doorway.  Catherine was told to wait.  A guard stood with her.  The guard stood with her, and had a great time staring down her dress.  Catherine was certain there wasn’t much to see.  While the dress was off the shoulder, the neckline stayed above her breasts.  It was actually a fairly modest gown.  But the guard stared.  Catherine waited.
Orlov appeared from another hallway.
“Catherine, you are beautiful.”  The guard instantly came to attention and saluted.  Orlov returned the salute and the guard disappeared.
“I have much to say to you.”
“I will be pleased to hear anything you say.  You really do look amazing.”  
He kissed both her cheeks, and then her mouth.  He held her at the shoulders.
“I am not a prostitute.”  She put her hands on his chest, ready to push him away.
“Of course you aren’t.  It was mean of me to wrap your ankle in red.  I apologize.”  He continued to hold her.
“I have been in a sub-basement with prostitutes.  Other men are paying for companionship.”
“You are not my paid companion.  You are my guest and my friend.  And you are beautiful.”  He pulled her a bit closer.  She kept her hands on his chest.
“I agreed to have dinner with you.  Not all this.”  She looked down at her dress.
“You agreed to change into something appropriate for a state dinner.  And your gown is perfect.  Shall we go in now?”
“Yes.”  It seemed the obvious response.
“First, may I have a kiss from my friend?”
“I do not understand what this is all about.  You know I am married to Anya.  You and I will never…”  She interrupted herself and kissed him.  Done.
“Thank you.”
Orlov took her hand and they walked yet another long hallway.  Around the corner was a reception line.  Security men set up a line across the hallway.  Couples passed through the security line, then shook hands with several generals – and Vladimir Putin.  A protocol person worked the line.  She came directly to Orlov and Catherine.
“Do not delay the line.  Do not make a request of the President.  He will thank you for your service.  He will shake your hand.  You will thank him, then move on.  A photograph will be taken.  It will be sent to your office.  Do you understand?”
Both Orlov and Catherine agreed, then continued moving forward.  There was a quick scan with a wand when they reached the security line, then they were through.  Three generals and their wives shook hands and took salutes.  Catherine got quick hugs and cheek kisses.  One of the generals asked, “Is she the one?”  Orlov nodded.
Putin stood alone.  He stared at each person who approached.  He smiled a half smile, some said a crocodile smile, as he shook hands.  He held Orlov’s hand a bit longer than the others.  Catherine he stared at.
“I see a very attractive woman.  Do I also see Dulcinea?”  His English was very good.  He had a British accent.
“Anya Antonov is Dulcinea.  She is the designer and leader of the Quixote group.  I am simply a guest in your country.”
“I understand you are a permanent guest.”
“Yes.”
“Few know it, but Russia is second only to the U.S. in the number of immigrants we host.”
“As you move your border west across Ukraine, you may call people immigrants, or something else.”
Orlov grabbed Catherine’s arm and pulled her back.  But Putin stopped her.
“Later we shall dance.  I think we will have an interesting conversation.”  
He nodded and Orlov led Catherine across the hallway and into the massive banquet hall.
“That was stupid.”  
Orlov kept a tight grip on her upper arm and pushed her through the hall to their table.  When he seated her, he shoved her chair quickly forward and hit the back of her legs.
“Do not fear, Sergei, I will dance with you too.”  Catherine smiled pleasantly at Orlov as he took a seat next to her.
“Be careful, Catherine.”  He settled himself, then looked round the table.  “Catherine, I think you know most of these people.”
They were seated at a round, eight person table.  White linen cloth.  Candles and flowers in the center.  Gold edged plates already before each person.  And Catherine did, in fact, know everyone at the table.  There were three women from Anya’s parties, including Zhanna.  Each were there with their husband.
“Yes, I am pleased to see all of you.  Zhanna, we will have much to discuss on our Wednesday shopping trip.”
“Yes, it should be fun.”
Big smiles all around the table.  Catherine took a moment to scan the room.  Probably two hundred people.  Most men in uniform.  The hall probably could have held even more.  The ceiling towered above them.  Walls featured huge murals of victorious battles.  The place was impressive.  
“Zhanna,” Orlov paused.  “These shopping trips.  Anything I should know about them?  For instance, I understand the two of you have a mutual friend.  A Deirdre something.  Did she come up in conversation?”
Catherine immediately stared at Zhanna.  Was she in trouble?
“I explained I had spoken to Deirdre Jackson and asked if Catherine had anything she would like communicated back to her.  Yes.  She said she was healthy and happy and loved Anya.  I should tell Deirdre that.”
“How sweet.”  Orlov took Catherine’s hand.  “Really.  Very sweet.  You had an opportunity to destroy Anya’s cover assignment, and you didn’t take it.”
“I don’t need to.  People in the State Department aren’t morons.  They will figure this out on their own.”  Catherine didn’t quite have her teeth clenched, but she was plenty upset about Zhanna and her betrayal.  She kept her attention on Orlov.  Zhanna was dead to her now.
“Zhanna, you should know something about Catherine.”  Orlov now had his arm around Catherine’s shoulders.  He hugged her before continuing.  “I have been asking Catherine for names of women attending Anya’s parties.  She has given me seventeen, but not yours.  She is a very loyal friend.”
“Yes, she is.”  Zhanna gave Catherine a huge smile.  Catherine was ready to throw something at her.
“Is this why you brought me to dinner?  To publicly describe my loyalties?”  Catherine pulled his arm from around her shoulders.  “You are done now.  Good night.”
Catherine started to rise.  Orlov immediately grabbed her upper leg and forced her back into her chair.  He grabbed the hair at the back of her neck and pushed his face against hers.
“If you embarrass me in front of President Putin, you will die tonight.”  
He kept his face close to hers and tightened his grip on her hair.  He waited.  Then he whispered.
“If you wish to live, you will smile at me, give me a big kiss, then spend the rest of the dinner talking to the other women about recipes or shoes, or some damn thing while we men talk about Premier League Football.”
He waited.
“I sat in a subbasement for eight hours getting ready for you.  Hoping for better from you.  I don’t ask for much.  You show me my best friend, hell, my only friend, betrayed me.  You do it here, tonight.  For others to see.  Now you want a kiss from me?  A smile?  No.  First you tell me you are sorry.”
She waited.
“She didn’t betray you.  She proved you could be trusted.”
“Tell me why I am really here tonight.  Another test?  Will Catherine sit with the prostitutes?  Will she look good on your arm?  Will she dance with you?  What is going on?”
“My wife is sick.  I needed a dinner companion.  Of all the women in Moscow, I asked you.  What does that tell you?”
“It tells me Moscow is desperately short of women.”  
Catherine shook herself free of Orlov’s arms.  She sat motionless for a moment.  She looked at the other women.  She caught her breath.  She made a choice.  The only choice a mouse makes when playing with a cat.  She smiled   She kissed Orlov.  She leaned against him.  She took his hand.  She gave him another fake smile, and then asked Zhanna where to find good shoes in Moscow.
Dinner consisted of several food courses and two gender-based conversations.  Alcohol was also gender-specific.  Women drank white wine.  Men drank vodka.  Periodically Catherine looked across the table.  She met Zhanna’s eyes.  Their friendship was over.  No smiles and shoe conversations were going to change that.  There was regret on both sides of the table.
There were speeches after dinner.  President Putin said a few words.  Thanks.  General appreciation for the men in the room.  Then one of the senior generals spoke for about twenty minutes.  His words seemed to be well received.  Catherine understood little, and cared less.  She looked around the room and wondered what she was doing there.
Orlov insisted on holding her hand.  Both pushed back their chairs when it came time for the speeches.  He had taken her hand then, and continued to hold it.  Something was going on with him.  Probably general horniness, but maybe more.  Catherine looked at him and saw a large man nearing the end of his career.  He commanded an office and a room full of young women.  Psyops.  Unlikely to be his original assignment.  Maybe tanks.  Not computers.  Now he fired lies across the Atlantic.  He had probably built a career around tank shells.
He wouldn’t let go of her hand.  There were applause lines during the speech.  Others applauded.  Orlov just slapped one hand on the other, Catherine’s hand buried deep within.  He had pulled her hand onto his leg.  It made her lean a bit toward him.  She had made one effort to pull her hand free, but he had clamped tighter.  Her hand wasn’t going anywhere.  Neither was she.
After a final burst of applause there was an invitation to dance.  A twelve or fourteen piece orchestra had assembled at one end of the hall.  Men began leading women to the dance floor.  Orlov rose and pulled Catherine behind.  They would dance.
Interesting thing to do.  Catherine couldn’t think of any other time they had stood face to face.  He continued to hold her hand, his other hand now firmly on the small of her back, holding her close.  Her free hand went to the front of his shoulder to push him away.  But she knew she couldn’t move him.  The hand on her back was huge.  It pulled her tight.  She didn’t have the strength to push him away.  He knew it.  She knew it.  She moved her hand to the top of his shoulder.
She stood close and looked into his face.  She made some obvious observations.  He was a very large man.  Even in her heels, she had to look slightly up.  And the hand on his shoulder rested on a very large shoulder.  His hair was gray and cropped in the military fashion.  His face?  Some wrinkles.  But no sagging flesh.  He kept himself in shape.  His eyes?  He watched her watch him, just the beginning of a smile forming.
Catherine searched for something to say.
“It is too bad your wife missed this.”
“She has been sick for over a year.  She seldom leaves our apartment.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I’m not.  You are far more interesting than her, and far more attractive.  Right now there are a dozen men on this dance floor looking at you, and wishing they were me.”
“General…”
“Sergei.”
“Sergei, you are married, and I am married.  It doesn’t matter what any of you wish for.  I will be returning to Anya.  I love her, and I will stay with her.”
“A good Russian wife.”
“Yes.  That is me.  A good Russian wife.  I cook, I clean, I shop.  That is my life.  I accept that.”
“You…”
He was not able to finish.  The protocol woman interrupted him.
“President Putin will dance with you.  You will wait here until he approaches.  When he arrives, you will perform a deep curtsey, and hold it until he offers his hand.  You will dance with him.  If he wishes to speak with you, he will.  You will not initiate any conversation.  He will be dancing with many women.  When he is done with you, you will quickly kiss both his cheeks, then back away.  Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“Now, take off your shoes.”
Catherine leaned against Orlov and slipped out of her shoes.  She bent her head toward him and whispered. 
“He isn’t very tall, is he.  I am sure he does not want to be seen shorter than a woman.”
Orlov shook his head and backed away, holding her shoes.  Catherine stood waiting, balancing on her left foot.  Her skirt, which had been one inch short before, was now two inches long and bunched against the floor.  She folded her hands in front of her and waited.
Putin made her wait through two songs.  A lone woman, standing in the midst of the dance floor.  Couples moved around her.  Women stared.  Catherine waited.
When he finally approached, he stood several feet from her and watched her.  Catherine did a deep curtsey, and held it, all her weight on her left knee, her hands holding her skirts out, her head bowed.  He took a step forward, but did not offer his hand.  She looked up at him.  He cocked his head, smiled, and made her wait.  Finally he offered his hand.  She took it, and stood.  He took both her hands and placed them on his shoulders.  He held her waist in both hands.  The music started.  They swayed slightly, and slowly turned.
“You will spend your life here.”
“Yes.”
He was only slightly taller than her.  They stood close.  His eyes never left hers.
“You will learn two things to be true.  I will move my borders when and where I wish, and you will serve Russia.”
“I will not betray my country.”
“You already have, Dulcinea.”  His hands pulled her closer.
“I am falsely accused.”
“We have pictures of you leading your trolls.  You seemed to appreciate their work, and they obviously enjoyed being with you.”  
Catherine chose not to respond.  
He made some motion with his head, and the music changed tempo.  Faster.  He took larger turns as in a waltz.  It was hard for Catherine.  She needed to put weight on her right foot.  Her ankle hurt.  He began carrying more of her weight, often lifting her as he turned.  Soon he was lifting her in long arcs, briefly setting her down, then lifting her again, higher and longer.  The other dancers noticed, some now applauding his lifts.  He took her up again, this time in a complete circle.  When he set her down, he motioned to the orchestra.  The music slowed again.  He held her close.
“The Cossacks have a custom.  They gather their unmarried men and girls, and dance.  The men lift the girls to show their strength.  The girls allow themselves to be lifted.  If they are interested in the man, they leap as they are lifted.  It makes the man look stronger.  And he knows she will assist him in life.  They are soon married.”
“Is any of that true?”  Catherine leaned into Putin, her right foot raised under her skirts.  Her ankle screamed.
“What is true is that you not only leaped as I raised you, but you pushed with your hands on my shoulders.  You made me look stronger.  You showed you will serve me.”
“And now you will take me to your bed?”
“I have other women for that.  You will go to another bed.  And you will be a good Russian wife, Catherine Antonov.  A wife to a man.  You will be his wife, and care for his children.  That is how you will serve Russia – the way a good Russian woman should.  Now kiss my cheeks.  I have other women waiting for me.”
Catherine did as she was told.  She stood where she was as he walked away.  Orlov came for her and led her away.




Chapter 35
A Long Night

Orlov had no shoes with him.  Instead, he offered his left arm, and let her lean on him.  He took her out of the ballroom and down a long hall to an elevator.  Rather than press the down button to an exit, he pressed up one floor.  Another long hallway.  Catherine could have asked where they were going, but she already knew.  
The room was midway down the hall.  An elegant room with an obvious purpose.  The bed was large and canopied.  A satin night gown lay across the duvet.  Paintings on the wall were nudes.  A small table held a bottle of champagne in a silver ice bucket.  An adjoining bathroom had both a shower and a hot tub.  Lights were very low.
Catherine limped into the room.  Orlov stood between her and the door.
“I get the idea.  Wine me, dine me, fuck me.”
“Yes.”
“Have you ever fucked a woman who had the option to say ‘no’?”
“Once.  My wife.  That didn’t end well.”
“You assume this will end better.”
“Yes.”
“You know this is rape.”
“Not if you say ‘yes’.”
“Why would I say ‘yes’?”
“You will find a reason.”  He reached into his wallet and pulled out a hundred ruble note.  He took a step closer to Catherine and put the note in her hand.  “Cab fare.  If you wish.  Just walk out the door, leave the Kremlin, and find a cab.”
“In my bare feet in the middle of the night, with very limited Russian.  Maybe he takes me home.  Maybe he takes me to some alley and rapes me.”
“I did not say it would be easy.”  
He took another step forward and wrapped his arms around her.  He held her, but she felt she could twist out from under him if she wished.  Catherine stood on her bare left foot and looked up at him.
“Every time you were with me, I assumed you wanted to fuck me.  You are a man.  That’s what men do.  And I knew I couldn’t stop you.  But you didn’t fuck me.  Not in the back seat of your car, not when we were parked out in the woods.  Why now?”
“Now I think you will let me.  You are curious.  A bit interested.  You wonder if I could be your man.”  He grabbed the braid at the back of her hair and held her head back.  “Well?”
“You will keep your hands off me.  I will undress myself.”
Catherine pushed herself free of Orlov.  She backed to the edge of the bed and slowly got out of her dress.  She hung her dress and her petticoat over a chair arm.  She chose to leave her corset on.  She didn’t want to mess with it in the morning, and she didn’t think he needed to see the slight sag she had developed over her belly.  The satin nightgown was long, but it had a slit up the slide.  Built to tease.  Catherine pulled it over her head, then dropped her panties.  She slid under the thick duvet.
Orlov took his time undressing.  He hung his tunic over the back of a chair and folded his pants along the crease.  Shirt and underwear he threw on a chair.  He stood naked for her to see.  His erection was obvious.  But so was his chest, his shoulders, his arms, and his thighs.  He wanted her to see.  To know.  He was huge.  He could take her any time he wished.  He waited, then shut off two lights.  A small light was left on in the corner.  Intended to provide just the right light.  He lifted the duvet, took a long look at her, then positioned himself over her.
“This is not rape.”  He looked down into her eyes.
Catherine pulled up her nightgown and took him in her hands.  
“No, this is not rape.”  She spread her legs and pulled him into her.
“And you are interested in me?”
“For chrissakes, Sergei, would you just fuck me.”  
He pushed himself the rest of the way into her.  He took his time.  His arms were tight around her, her arms pushed tight against her sides.  One hand held her head.  He kissed her.  He rocked into her.  Catherine moved her hands to his ass.  She stared up at him.  She felt him push deeper into her.  He kissed with his eyes open, watching her.  Just before he climaxed he kissed her and said, 
“You are mine now.”
She understood him.  Since that first day at the troll farm, he could have taken her anytime he wished.  But he hadn’t taken her.  He had waited.  Waited until she gave herself to him.  She dug her fingers into his ass, and kissed him.
“You will be good to me.”
“I will do as I wish.”
He climaxed while looking into her eyes.  The cat watching the mouse.
“You will be good to me.”  She said it as an established fact.
 When he finished, he did the unexpected.  He slid off of Catherine, but rather than face her, he rolled her away from him and slid up against her back in the classic “spoon” position.  His arms wrapped around her chest.  He pulled her tight against him.  His mouth went to the back of her shoulder.  He waited until they had both settled into this new position.  Then he began whispering against the back of her neck.
“You were beautiful tonight.  I knew you were attractive.  But tonight you were beautiful.”
“They did my hair, my makeup, my dress.  You saw an artifice.”
“I saw you.  I was proud to be seen with you.”
“Thank you.”  
Catherine shifted slightly.  She pressed her ass back into him.  He brought his knees up against the back of her legs.  She once again noticed the size of his arms.  Huge.  Warm.  Tight around her.  She admitted that, yes, she was slightly interested in him.
“When you danced with Putin, every eye was on you.  When he lifted you, your dress flowed out behind you.  I think the look of the two of you together will be what most people remember from the night.”
“He danced with many other women.”  
She chose not to mention the Cossack story.  She closed her eyes and began drifting toward sleep.
“Anya will be going back to America.”
“What?”  
Catherine tried twisting out of his arms.  He pulled her tighter and rolled slightly forward so she was pressed face-forward into the mattress, his weight on her back.
“Get off me.”
“Quiet down or I will gag you.”
“Get off me.”  She was quieter, but she continued to struggle under him.
“Lie still.  I will tell you about her, but you must lie still.”
“You are heavy.  This hurts.”
“Keep your voice down, and lie still.”
Catherine stopped moving, and he gradually rolled off her.  His heavy arms still held her tight.
“When does she go?  How long will she stay?”
“They are giving you one more day together.  Then she will go back to Washington.  They think she will stay there.”
“Take me to her.  Now.”  Catherine struggled again, and again he forced her into the mattress.
“I will take you there in the morning.”
“Putin said I would be married to some man.  You?”
“No.  I get you for tonight.  Anya gets you tomorrow.  Then you go to some man to be a good Russian wife.  Putin wants you out of Moscow.  Two nights from now you will be in a bed east of here.”
“Shit.”
Catherine struggled.  It did no good.  But she struggled anyway.  She wasn’t really fighting Orlov.  She was fighting whatever was going on.  Whatever was going to send her east.  To some man.  Orlov held her no harder than he needed to.  He kissed the back of her neck and talked to her.  He told her she was beautiful.  Told her he would miss her.  Told her he was grateful for their night together.
“You knew this was your last night with me.  There was no way you were going to let me out of this room.”
“No, I was not going to let you out of this room.  But I planned to be gentle with you.  And I hoped, well, I hoped things would turn out as they have.”
“No rape.”
“Correct.  I didn’t have to force you.  I wanted us to be lovers on our final night.”
“We aren’t lovers.  We are just two people who fucked.”
“Then that’s what we are.  Two people who fucked.”
“Turn me around.  Face me.”
Orlov loosened his arms and rolled Catherine toward him.  He kept on arm under her neck and used it to brace her back and keep her tight to him.  His other hand went to her ass.  They shared the same pillow, their eyes inches apart.
“So, you spend the rest of the night fondling my ass, and I spend years dreaming of this night while living with some Siberian peasant?”
“Yes.”
“If that is how it is, kiss me.  Kiss me now, and kiss me as I sleep.  Tell me you love me, or tell me I am beautiful.  Tell me something.  Hold me close.   Fuck me again when you are ready.  Be good to me.”
Catherine kissed him, then closed her eyes.  She slept.  Near dawn, he fucked her again.  She looked up at him as he did it.  She realized she did have some interest in him.  And she might think of him in the east.  Mostly she would think of Anya and wonder if she would ever come to get her.
Her time with Orlov ended with her in the bathroom cleaning up after their love making, and her working hard to clear her face of makeup before her skin was irritated.  She had taken her clothes into the bathroom with her and emerged with a much less striking face and a red dress that bunched on the floor.  Orlov was already back in his uniform.  He looked huge.  And proud of himself.  Catherine couldn’t help but smile.  Men were so easily pleased.
The hallways were long, and cold on her bare feet.  Catherine held her dress up with one hand, the other clung to Orlov’s arm to take some weight off her ankle.  The walk was endless, but Orlov’s car was waiting at the door.  The ride was silent.  His arm stayed wrapped around her shoulders.  He held her hand.  She covered her bare feet with her skirt.  They drove past early morning tourists.
There was a long moment outside her apartment.  Orlov got out with her and stood holding her on the front lawn.  Catherine had no idea what to say.  Orlov said it for her.
“They won’t take you too far east.  They will want to bring you back if they need you as Dulcinea again.  So we may see each other.  Maybe.  That will be up to your husband.”
“A good Russian wife doesn’t fuck other men over the lunch hour?”
“No.  She doesn’t.  You will do what you are told.  He will come for you tomorrow.  You will please him, and obey him.”
Catherine started moving her hand as if to salute.  Orlov grabbed her arm.
“You will go up to Anya now.  Before you go, you will kiss me, and you will say something nice.”
“Thank you for not raping me last night.”  Catherine kissed him and turned to go.  Orlov grabbed her.
“I deserve better than that.  A better kiss and a better statement.”
Catherine looked up at him.
“You were good to me last night.  And I did have some feelings for you.  I will think of you in the east.”  She wrapped both her arms around his neck, and kissed him.  He held her tight.
“Thank you for that.”
He got back in the car and drove away.  Catherine raised her skirt and limped across the lawn.  Inside, she took the stairs one at a time, left foot first, right foot to that stair, then left foot to the next, her skirt held out of the way.  Anya stood on the landing and watched her climb. 



Chapter 36
A Final Day

“Is he any good in bed?”
“Adequate.  Patient.  No bruises.”
Catherine made it to the landing and stood for Anya’s inspection.
“Love the dress.  What happened to your face?”
“Too much makeup for too many hours, plus two fuckings and not enough sleep.”
Anya motioned for Catherine to turn.  She did.  Slowly, her head always looking over a shoulder back at Anya.  She moved her skirt as she turned, pulling it from one side to another, once pressing her hips forward.  After three times around, she stopped.
“Are you going to let me in?”
“Do you smell of him?”
“Probably.  Somewhat.  A little, I would think.”
Anya held out a hand.  Catherine took it and limped into the apartment.  She could see suitcases open on their bed.  Four.  Two for each woman.  Anya led her to the couch.  She sat, then pulled Catherine on top of her.
“Off the shoulder is a good look for you.  I should have bought you some cocktail dresses like this.”  She pulled Catherine against her and kissed the top of her shoulder.  She also reached around her and felt the corset.
“I like this too.  I could see me tightening the laces while you look back over your shoulder.  I pull, you wait patiently to see how tight I will make it.”
“Domination.  Any time you want.  But you don’t need it.  You know why you hold me.”  Catherine pulled up her skirt and Anya slipped a hand under.  “The first time you slid a hand up my leg and excited me, I was ready to follow you anywhere.  No arrest warrant needed.  I was yours.  Just like now.  Yes, just there.  Just…”  Catherine pressed her face into Anya’s neck.  “Yes.  I was your wife the moment you took me.”
The two women moved together, with Catherine closing her eyes and moaning into Anya’s neck.  They clung together for the next hour.  They were both sweating and struggling for breath when Catherine finally had the courage to ask the question.
“He says you are leaving.”
“The State Department is calling me back to Washington.  Possible reassignment.”
“Why?”
“It smells wrong.  I think someone here wants me gone.”
“Must you go?”
“Yes.  Orlov has ordered me to go.  I think he wants me in Washington more than Washington does.”
“This isn’t about me.  Orlov isn’t taking me.  He says I am going to someone else.  Putin told me I am to be a good Russian wife.”
“You have been.  And you will be.”
“And today?”
“I will pack for both of us.  You will make us lunch.” 
Catherine limped around the kitchen.  Her long skirt was constantly in the way, but Anya had liked it, so Catherine continued to wear it.  Lunch was canned soup. There was little else in the apartment.  Catherine sat tight against Anya as they ate.
“Now what, Anya?  We have so few hours left.  Now what?”
“We go to bed, and I tell you a story.”
Catherine cleaned up the kitchen while Anya closed the suitcases and moved them off the bed.  Anya was waiting with rope when Catherine came into the bedroom.
“We start with bondage.”
Catherine lay on her back, and Anya tied her hands and ankles to the bed.  Then she gagged Catherine.





Chapter 37
More about Grandpa

“Now I tell you about my Grandfather.  I finish his story.  And I tell you about the east.  Maybe the east you will be going to.  And as I tell the story, maybe you will understand why I hate America.”
Anya lay next to Catherine.  She raised herself up on an elbow and looked down into Catherine’s eyes.   She kissed her once, and ran her fingers over her cheeks.
“He was an artist.  Not a good one.  He would never be famous.  But he liked to draw.  He did faces well enough.  I have seen some of his work.  He did my mother many times as she grew.  Some of the drawings are good, others not so much.  But he had some skill.  And he was clever.  The camps are run by the criminals.  In the 1930s anyone educated, anyone foreign, anyone who might be a leader was arrested.  And so were common criminals.  But Soviet logic said that criminals were not class-enemies.  So guards treated them better.  Guards let them steal and kill in the prisons.
“My grandfather figured out how things worked.  He always looked for the head of the criminals.  He would approach and offer to draw his picture.  No one took photographs back then, it was not allowed.  So no one had a picture of themselves.  If you could draw a picture, that mattered.  Every gang leader he went to wanted his picture done.  And my grandfather was good enough.  He was also smart enough to smooth out a few wrinkles and maybe straighten out a broken nose.  He made these guys look good.  
“So they helped him.  Other political prisoners had their boots stolen and their coats taken.  My grandfather kept his.  And where they could, they helped him get work outside the mines.”
Anya stopped there.  She froze on the word “mines.”  Catherine watched her eyes squint and her mouth pinch shut.  The hands that held Catherine’s face, now held her hair in fists.  For a moment, Catherine was afraid of her.  She squirmed, but the ropes were tight.  Anya watched her fight the ropes.
“This is part of the story.  Helplessness.  I will do what I want to you in our final day.  And maybe I will take revenge on you, my American lover.  Today might be the day.”
Anya patted Catherine’s cheek, then tightened her gag.
“You will go to the east.  To some man who will do what he wants with you.  There will be no help for you from your country.  You know that.  They don’t care if you die.  They will do nothing to help you.  When you are freezing and starving and bruised from yet another beating, you will hate America just as I do.”
Anya let go of Catherine’s hair.  She stroked it, as if looking to make amends.
“You will find out soon enough, my bride.  Let me tell you about Kolima and Vice President Wallace.  Your Vice President.  Of your United States.  First Kolima.  Russian gold comes from there.  There was more than in Alaska.  They started mining it in the 1930s.  But the gold is nearly at the top of the world.  To get there prisoners crossed all of Russia to Vladivostok on the Pacific coast.  It took weeks.  Many died on the train.  Now they needed a boat.  Days on the ocean.  Days of storms.  Days locked in the hold of old American ships ready to be sold for scrap.  Yes, American ships sold to the Russians.  Fishing trawlers, cargo ships.  Junk just barely seaworthy.  Days being preyed upon by the criminals while starving and freezing.  Finally up above the Arctic Circle to Magadan.  Those who arrived in Magadan were already starved and beaten.  They were taken off the boats and forced to march through the city to the mines.  A human parade.  They died as they walked.  Those who made it to the mines days later were worked to death.  No one lived more than two years.  They were fed fewer calories than they burned up working and staying warm.  Fifty below zero night after night.  Their flesh fell away, then their muscles, then their internal organs.  One day they just dropped.  Into mass graves holding tens of thousands.”
“In 1944 Henry Wallace, Vice President of the United States flew to Magadan.  The USSR and the USA were allies against the Germans.  He wanted to see his good Russian friends.  He wanted to see the gold fields.  He toured.  He talked.  He liked what he saw.  He loved what he saw.  He praised what he saw.  And he had a great time.  He dined with the prison leaders.  His new friends.  He didn’t see my grandfather or a hundred thousand other starving, freezing men.  He made public statements about how Siberia and the American West were the same.  Brave people building a new life for their countries.  Then he flew off, and thousands died.
“One word from him.  One finger pointing at the barbed wire, and my grandfather’s agony might have ended.  He was silent.  The American embassy was silent even as their own employees were arrested and sent off to die.
“Now this is your life, Catherine.  Chased out of the US on false charges.  Left to the Russians to do as they wish with you.  Tomorrow they will come for you, and you will go where they want with some man they have chosen for you.  You will be his wife.  His property.  And no one will help.  I will be in America.  You will be alone.  As you are now.  Alone.  Helpless.   Yet another American abandoned by your country.  Feel your fear.  Feel your hate.  Feel what my grandfather felt.  And what I feel.  I am leaving you to your fate.”  
Anya tighten the gag in Catherine’s mouth, checked all her bindings, and left the apartment.  Catherine listened carefully, but she did not hear the door close.  It stood open.  Open to anyone.  She was helpless.  Defenseless.  And of course, that was the point.  There was nothing she could do.  Anyone could walk in and take her.  She listened.  She trembled.  She cried.  She shook as she heard people on the stairs.  She shook every time a car passed on the street.  She shook as the door creaked in the wind.  She shook all afternoon and all night, her muscles exhausted from the shaking.  But her shaking continued.  
Dawn came.  Anya did not return.  Catherine strained yet again at her bonds and kept shaking.  She shook in fear, and in anger.  Had Anya really left her to be taken by anyone?  Or had she sat someplace in silent protection?  For an object lesson?  On their final night together?  Such a waste.  She kept thinking, why, Anya, why?
Midmorning Catherine heard the apartment door open wider.  She heard steps across the living room.  Then the person stopped.  Just outside the bedroom.  The person could see her.  At least part of her.  Catherine saw only a shadow.  Time passed.  Catherine stopped breathing.  She shook.  And she cried.
Anya listened for the tears.  She listened and waited.  She wanted to hear something in the tears.  Some level of desperation.  Finally she heard it.  She came into the room and sat on the side of the bed.  She wiped away Catherine’s tears, then took her chin in her hand and looked down into Catherine’s face.
“Did your embassy come for you last night?  Did they free you?  They are just five minutes away.  There are hundreds working there.  Did they send anyone to free you?”  She lowered her face, now just inches from Catherine’s.  She studied her eyes.  She waited.  She watched.
“Do you know how my grandfather felt now?”  Catherine nodded and continued to cry.  “The embassy isn’t coming for you Catherine.  You are alone.”  Catherine cried.  “You cry now.  Later you will hate.  And maybe then you will be glad to be Dulcinea.  Glad to help the destruction of America.”  
Catherine made no noise through her gag.  She just lay here, crying, and looking up at Anya.
“You wonder how my grandfather survived.  Luck.  He had some skill as an artist.  He was also small.  Six hundred calories have more benefit on a small man than a large man.  He was able to get jobs outside the mines painting signs.  When others were dead in two years, he served his ten year sentence, then five years more.  Finally he was released.  But constrained just as you are.  Not allowed to leave Russia or to even live in a major city.  He moved to a village in Siberia, found a woman, had two children.  He lived to be seventy.  We know of only two Americans who survived the camps.  My grandfather was one.  One out of thirty thousand.  He had luck.”
“The other American?  He was smart.  He survived the camps.  He knew there would be no help from the American embassy.  He had a cousin in Italy.  So he went to the Italian embassy.  They got him in contact with his cousin.  His cousin sent money.  The embassy gave him an Italian passport.  He traveled to Italy and lived there two years.  He saved money, and finally took a boat back to the U.S.  Thirty thousand Americans looking for jobs and adventure.  Boys playing baseball in the evening.  Only one ever returned.  Thanks to the Italians.”
She looked down at Catherine, and slowly stroked her cheek.  A gentle caress.  Sometimes the hand brushed away Catherine’s tears.  Sometimes the hand let them fall.  Catherine knew her life was completely in this woman’s hands.  Time seemed to stop.  Catherine shook, Catherine softly cried, and Catherine waited.  The hand remained on her cheek.
After what seemed like two or three eternities, Anya’s face changed, and her hand moved.  It took the gag from Catherine’s mouth.
“What about you, Catherine.  Do you have luck?”
“I had four months with you.  I think that’s luck.”
“Then why are you shaking and crying?”
“Because I will lose you.”
“Yes, I will go back to America.  Sent by Orlov.  And, I will do whatever I can to make the country pay for my grandfather.”
“You don’t hate, Anya.  I think you were out in the hallway or on the stairs all night.  You love me.  You protected me.  Your final gift.  I am sorry about your grandfather.  I am sorry you are going back to a country you hate.  But I had four months with you.  And I hope someday we will be together again.”
“And if that never happens?”
Catherine started crying harder.  Anya wiped her tears as they fell.  And she kissed her.
“I will miss you too.  You were a good wife.  Your friend Jim was a complete idiot.  I will miss your mouth, and your breasts, and your baking.”  
“I will miss your warmth at night.”
“Did I please you?”
“Yes.  I was grateful to be your wife.”
“And, my wife, is there something I can do for you?”
“Could you untie me please?  I really need to pee.”
“Yes.  And while you are in the bathroom, take a shower and look your best.  Maybe you have some luck too.”
Anya untied Catherine.  Catherine immediately wrapped her arms around Anya.
“I’ll cook for you today, bake for you, and wear my sexiest cocktail dress.  In the hours we have left, I will please you like no wife has ever pleased her lover.”
“Wear your yellow sun dress.”
Catherine raced to the bathroom.  An hour later she came out clean and moderately made up.  She pulled on the sun dress Anya had requested, and limped to her for a kiss.  She was determined to have a good final morning with Anya.  Anya made her sit on the edge of the bed and took a comb to Catherine’s hair.
“They did well with your hair.  I like this shade.  Bright, but still warm.  When I am done here, put on your shoes.”
“Has he already come for me?  We need more time.”  
“It’s time for you to go, Catherine.”  She pulled Catherine’s head against her chest and held her.  Catherine wrapped her arms tight around Anya’s waist.  
“Our last night in Amberg we sat on the side of our bed like this.  You loaned me a pair of shoes.  Remember?”
”Yes.  We drove for hours and then we danced together.”
“I loved the dancing, but I felt closest to you when we were like this.  Two women dressing together.  Sharing.  Being together.  I married you at that moment.  I knew I would spend my life with you.  Promise me you will come for me.  Somehow, some way.  Promise you will come for me.  I will wait.  I am your wife.  I will wait.”
“Yes, I will come for you.”
The two women held each other.  In the end, Anya had to pull herself free.  She stood while Catherine slowly put on her shoes, and then watched as Catherine limped down the stairs to her new husband.



Chapter 38
A Husband in the East

Catherine hesitated at the front door.  Finally she took a deep breath and pushed the door open.  A car had parked on the street and a man was getting out.  Two young girls struggled out of car seats to join him on the lawn.  Catherine froze in the doorway.
Vasily stood on the tiny lawn wearing his colonel’s uniform, his two girls standing just behind him, both wearing frilly dresses.  Catherine managed two careful steps across the lawn, then tried to run.  She landed on her hands and knees.  Vasily knelt down with her, his daughters standing close.
“I…”  Catherine had no idea what to say.  She reached across the space between them and wrapped her arms around Vasily’s neck.  She pulled herself tight against him, her face buried so deep against his neck she couldn’t breathe.  She held him, refused to let him go, then remembered something and pushed herself back.
“You shouldn’t be here.  Someone is coming for me.”
“I have come for you.  You are to be mine.”
Catherine stared at him for a moment, searching his face, then she pulled herself against him again.  She held him.  She could think of nothing to say.  She didn’t want to talk.  She just wanted to hold him.  He let her.  He had one arm around her back, and one hand in her hair.  And he held her.  Minutes passed.  Catherine tried so hard not to cry, but she felt tears slide down her cheeks.  She wiped them away and looked at the two girls standing behind their father.
“You must be Valentina.”  She smiled at the smaller girl wearing pink.  “And you must be Annika.”  The taller girl was wearing yellow and standing somewhat closer to her father.  She look hesitant.  Somewhat surprised by what she was seeing.  “You father has told me you are both beautiful, and very smart.  I see he is right.”
It was the smaller girl who stepped forward.
“Father said we are to kiss you.”
“I would like that very much.”  Catherine stayed on her knees, but sat back on her heels so there was room for the girls to approach.  Valentina came first, and kissed Catherine on the cheek.  Then she immediately looked to her father for approval.  Vasily smiled and took her in his arms.  Annika approached next.  She stood just outside Catherine’s reach.
“Father says you are a warrior princess.”
“I once was a warrior.  Now I am not.”
“Then what are you?”
“I am a woman.”
“And you will be our new mother?”
“I would like that very much.  Would you like that?”
The girl didn’t answer, but she stepped forward, kissed Catherine on the cheek, and moved to her father. 
“Catherine, I asked you in Fulda if you would marry me.”  
“I remember.”
“There were complications then, and there are complications now.”
“I think there are more complications now.”  Catherine pointed to the ankle she was sitting on.
“The girls wish to show you the sailboats they have made.  Let us go to the pond in the park.  The girls can sail their boats, and you and I can talk.”
“It is not safe for me in the park.”
“It will be safe for you today.”  
Catherine hesitated.  She looked over his shoulder.  She saw no police down the street, but they would be there somewhere.  They might take her again.  Would they?  When she was so close to the man she wanted?  Vasily stood and held out his hand.  She took it and stood.  She took the hands of the girls and walked to the car.  The girls pulled out their sailboats, chattered about them, and held them in one hand while Catherine held the other.  They crossed the street into the park.  Two cops watched, but did not approach.
It was a long walk to the pond.  Catherine stepped carefully.  Her shoes had two inch heels, but still the ankle monitor chafed.  Yet another reminder of her status.  Catherine walked with a limp, but she walked with some hope, a girl on each hand, listening as they told her all about their boats.  The day was sunny and warm.  A slight breeze slid across her face.  Two small hands held her fingers.  Vasily walked alongside.  Each time Catherine took a breath she wondered how much longer this marvel would last.
When they got to the pond, they found an open area along the edge and all of them sat in the grass.  Vasily had some string that he attached to each boat.  As he did so, the girls and Catherine talked.  She asked why they had chosen the paint colors they had used, and how they had made the sails.  The “boats” were really just a simple board with a dowel pushed in near the middle while a triangular piece of cloth hung down.  But the girls had lots to say about their boats.  Catherine was impressed with their descriptions, and the extent of their English.  “Mast” and “Rudder” were carefully but correctly pronounced.  
Once Vasily has the strings attached, they all stood along the edge of the water while the girls pushed their boats into the pond.  There was enough breeze to push the boats, and the girls squealed in delight as each boat moved out to the limits of the strings their father had attached to the boats and tied to their wrists.  The girls pulled the string and watched the boats.  Vasily and Catherine backed away a few steps.
“I should have told you not to come to Russia.  They will never let you leave.”
“I understand that.  I have accepted that.  This is my country now.”
“And you know what you are to do now.”
“I am to be a good Russian wife.  Please tell me I am to marry you.”
“Yes, I am to be your husband.  But there are rules.”
“Tell me.”
“When my wife was killed, I moved my girls to my mother’s house in Kolomna.  It is over a hundred kilometers southeast of Moscow.  You will need to go there, live there, stay there.  You will spend your life there, Catherine.”
“And you?”
“I am assigned to a base nearby.  I will be there with you.”
“And the other rules?”
“Anya.”
“What about her?”
“You will never see her again.”
“Vasily, I am married to her.  I love her.  She will be living in American for a while, but…”
“Catherine, my girls have lost one mother.  I will not have them lose another.  If we marry, you must never see Anya again.”
“I am her wife.”
“Such marriages are not recognized in Russia.”
“But…”
“If you do not agree, some other arrangements will be found for you.”  
He let those words hang in the air.  The threat was real.  Catherine studied his face.  His expression was clear.  He was making his first demand as her husband.  She would obey, or she would be left to some other fate.  Her future decided on a grassy lawn in a park.  He stared.  He waited.  He expected.  He was the husband.  He took her hand into both of his and pulled her closer.
“Catherine, in Fulda we almost agreed to marry.  Do it now.  Be my wife.  Be their mother.”
Catherine could almost hear Putin’s voice – you will be a good Russian wife and mother.  
“If that is what you wish, that is what I will do.”  Catherine bowed her head.  Vasily kissed her.
“There are other rules.  You will need to register with the local police, continue to wear the monitor, and never go more than five kilometers from my home.  You also may never travel alone, or at night.  You cannot own a phone.  You will be able to do some shopping with my mother, and get the girls after school.  That will be the limit of your world.”
“Will your girls accept me?”
“Yes.  It was settled when they kissed you and took your hands.”
“Will this ruin your career?”
“My career is over.  I will command a desk for several years and then draw a pension.”
“Will you love me?”
“I loved you from that first night in the garden when you threatened to punch me.”
“I promise never to punch you.  Please take me to Kolomna and make me your wife.”
The girls tired of their boats within half an hour.  Vasily bought them an ice cream from a vendor, and they slowly returned to the car.  While Vasily strapped them into their car seats and cleaned the melted ice cream off their fingers, Catherine climbed the stairs back to her apartment.  Anya was in the bedroom putting the last of Catherine’s clothes in her cases.  Next to the cases were all the boxes of Catherine’s wedding dress.
“Did you arrange this?”  Catherine sat on the bed and looked up at Anya.
“My grandfather had a good marriage.  I thought you should too.”
“Thank you for Vasily.”
“He is too old for you.  I have told you that.”
“But you know I love him.”  Catherine slid against Anya and held her.  “Maybe you will find someone in America.”
“My only love lives in Russia - in the middle of nowhere.”
Catherine pointed to the stack of dress boxes.
“You bought those for our wedding.  May I wear the dress again?”
“Yes.  Now.  Your daughters will be restless.  Time to go.”
“Kiss me first.”  Catherine looked up at Anya and waited.  Anya took her face in her hands and kissed her.  “Thank you Anya.  You have been my protector.  And my love.”
They held each other a little longer, then Anya took the suitcases and Catherine took the white dress boxes.  The two women stood and hugged once the car was loaded.  Catherine said “Thank you” countless times.
As she got in the front seat with her soon-to-be husband, Catherine wondered what Anya would do back in Washington.  And she understood there was nothing she could do about it.  Nothing she could do about that or anything else in her former country.  She looked at Anya standing on the lawn.  She waved.  She mouthed “I love you.”



Chapter 39
A Russian Family

It took well over two hours to get to Kolomna.  Most of that was just getting free of Moscow.  Once out of all that traffic, the road seemed to open up.  In fact it reminded Catherine of the one time she had driven to Kansas.  They passed through a few small cities, but much of the time they were out amongst open fields.  Endless fields.  Flat.  Empty.  Catherine stopped looking out the windows.  It gave her a chill.
The back seat got quiet pretty fast.  The girls had stared at the buildings of Moscow, but once they got out onto the open plains, they both napped.  Catherine spoke quietly with Vasily.
“You wore your uniform.  You look very good in it.  But I don’t think you wore it to impress me.”
“Sometimes situations become simpler with a uniform.”
“Simpler when you are with me.  But I worry about you.  I don’t see how this will go well for you.”
“They are certain you are a spy.  Now you are away from possible contacts in Moscow, and you are under twenty four hour supervision.”
“Do you promise?”  Catherine slid a hand along his thigh.
“Yes.  Besides me, there is my mother, and you will find the girls will keep you busy.  You will get more supervision than you imagine.”  He put his hand on hers.  
“What should I know about your mother?”
“She is old, she is traditional.  She comes from a time when the best way to live was quietly.  Men said nothing, and women said less.  She is nervous to have an American in her house, but she is happy I have found a wife and the girls will have a mother again.  She will accept you.”
“And you?  I will never ask about your work.  I will ask what you want from me as your wife.”
“I want you to be happy.”
Catherine held Vasily’s hand.  It took her time to work up the courage.  But finally she told him.
“The wedding dress we put in the trunk.  I wore it before.  I wore it for Anya.”
“I have seen the pictures.  You were beautiful.”
“Vasily, I wasn’t forced to marry her.  I loved her.  I was happy to marry her.  I think I actually proposed to her.  I lived as her wife all summer.  She is going back to America now to cause more trouble.  But if she had stayed in Moscow, I would have stayed with her.  As her wife.”
“You loved her.  Do you also love me?”  They were on an empty stretch of road, and he was looking carefully at her as he drove.
“That first night in the garden.  I followed you out there to a quiet place.  A private place. You moved to me.  I didn’t let you kiss me, but I did let you touch me.  You stood close.  You didn’t force yourself on me.  You had your hand on my cheek, and I could look into your eyes.  I was yours at that moment.  I love you Vasily.  I will be a good wife and a good mother.  Please tell me you will take me.”
“You have my love, Catherine.  I take you as my wife.”
Catherine squeezed his hand.  She ignored the empty spaces outside the car and looked at the beautiful girls sleeping, and her large, strong husband driving.  Her family was in the car.  Her family made her happy.
Kolomna had many limitations.  The city consisted of endless one story wooden homes spread out to the edges of the prairie.  Emptiness stretched out from every street.  Like Wichita maybe, or Fargo.  The town ran alongside the Moscow River.  Two hours of driving and they were still along the same river they had left back in Moscow.  But now the houses were smaller and older.  High gabled roofs to handle heavy snows.  Windows framed with painted wood often extending above the window in arches.  Painted wooden siding that generally looked ready for a fresh coat.  Faded paint on a faded town.
Vasily took Catherine around to a few places – the girls’ school, a grocery, a famous cathedral, the local Kremlin.  A quick tour.  A basic orientation.  An initial impression.  Catherine held a smile as he pointed out one landmark after another.  When he showed her the girls’ school her smile was genuine.  A wooden two story box, but there were kids playing out front, and it turned out to be close to their home.
Vasily’s home?  Actually his mother’s home.  Small, almost right on the street.  Green siding, white window frames with some scroll work in the top board, a steeply gabled roof of some metal.  There was a bit of a side yard where Vasily parked the car.  The girls were instantly working on their seat belts, anxious to get inside.  They competed with each other to tell Catherine all the things they wanted to show her.
And then there was Vasily’s mother.  She stood at the door.  She looked ancient.  Whatever height she might once have been, she was surely smaller now.  Maybe five feet tall, certainly no more.  She wore dark purple.  Long sleeves, skirts to her ankles, the dress loose across her body.  A scarf on her head tied around her chin.  Her face wrinkled.  Catherine watched her eyes.  She saw the eyes change as the girls ran to her for hugs.  The eyes studied Vasily and studied Catherine.  Vasily took Catherine’s hand, and the eyes changed again.  
Vasily spoke to his mother in Russian, and brought Catherine closer.  He dropped Catherine’s hand for a moment, and kissed his mother on both cheeks.  Then he stood aside.  Catherine’s turn.  Catherine took the final steps towards her, watching the woman’s eyes as she made up her mind about next steps.  She decided all or nothing.  She wrapped her arms around the woman, kissed her cheek, and held her.
“Mother.”
The woman waited a moment, then put a gnarled hand on Catherine’s head.
“Mat.”
Catherine guessed she had just been taught the Russian for ‘mother.’  She tried to mimic the pronunciation and repeated the word.
“Mat.”
The woman patted Catherine’s head, kissed her on the cheek, and led her into the house.  The next ten minutes was a blizzard of Russian as Mother and the girls spoke, and all three spoke to Catherine, mostly in Russian, but there was enough English from the girls that Catherine grasped the obvious.  The girls wanted her to come up to their room.  
She followed them up a narrow staircase.  There were two rooms up under the roof, one that was obviously for the girls - twin beds, pink walls, school artwork hanging everywhere.  To get to that room, they had to walk through the other room – their father’s.  The girls pulled Catherine through that room quickly, but she got to see the main features – an average sized bed, maybe a bit smaller than a queen size, a dresser, a closet, a small desk.  The ceiling in both rooms was low, just an inch or so above Catherine’s head.  And it angled up from low walls that ran the length of the house.  Each room had one window.  Each room was small, and low.  This was where Catherine would spend the rest of her life.
The girls kept her busy chattering in a mixture of English and Russian, each girl correcting the other girl’s English and then looking at Catherine to see if she had gotten it right.  Catherine sat on one of the beds and looked at an endless stream of art work and school books.  While she listened and looked, she could hear Vasily in the next room.  He brought up her wedding dress and her suitcases.  Both he set on his bed.  Then he cleared space in his dresser for her.  She could hear him pausing for a moment, apparently deciding if he should do anything with her clothes.  Instead, he came to the door of the girls’ room.
“I brought your things up.”  He seemed unclear about next steps.
“Girls, would you like to see my wedding dress?”
The girls practically knocked their father over racing to get to the boxes on the bed.  Catherine followed them and opened the white dress box.  She slowly raised the wedding dress, and then handed it to Annika.
“Do you like it?”
Annika took it in her tiny hands and held it as high as she could.  Valentina quickly took one side of the dress.  They each held it in front of them.  They had lots to say in Russian, more when Catherine took out the veil and put it over their heads.  It practically reached to the floor.  While they played with the dress and the veil, Catherine emptied her cases.  Anya had packed all of Catherine’s dresses.  Catherine pulled out each dress and checked for wrinkles.  Each went on a hangar and went next to Vasily’s uniforms in the closet.  Once she had hung the first two, the girls decided they should help.
Vasily disappeared at some point.  Catherine and the girls unpacked dresses.  The girls held each in front of themselves, then carried them to the closet where they stood waiting for Catherine to reach the final inches to the clothes bar.  Then it was back to the wedding dress and the veil.  Finally Catherine put the dress over each girl and let her stand in it.  Initially they wanted the veil too, but then they wanted it off so they could see themselves better.
Eventually Mother called up the stairs and Catherine helped Valentina out of the dress and Annika out of the veil.  She reboxed the veil and hung the dress and petticoats while the girls raced down the stairs to tell Mother all about the dress.
Catherine had trouble on the stairs.  They were narrow and the ceiling was low.  Her heels made her six two, and while the shoes helped keep her right foot in a position that hurt her ankle less, the stairs still pushed her ankle against her monitor.  She took the stairs carefully and slowly.  Vasily waited at the bottom.
“This is your life now, Catherine.  Narrow stairs, a tiny room, an ankle monitor that may never come off.  The house is small and old.  It will be cold in the winter.  And the winter will be long.”
“That is not my life.  My life is a husband who cares about me.  Two beautiful girls with endless energy.  A new mother, who...  Well, we’ll see.”  She stood close to Vasily, her hands on his shoulders.  “Now tell me.  When will you marry me?”
“Tomorrow.  When the girls finish school.”
“Thank you.”  She put her head on his shoulder.  
That evening went as all their evenings would go.  The small house had three rooms on the main level – a living room that filled the front half of the house, plus a kitchen, bathroom, and tiny bedroom on the back half of the house.  The kitchen was too small for a table, so it extended out into the living room.  The family sat around a table covered with food.  They sat and ate and talked.  Vasily sat at the head of the table.  The girls sat across from each other at his end of the table.  Catherine and Mother sat opposite each other at the end closest to the kitchen.  And they talked.  And ate.  And Mother was up to refill plates.  And they talked.  Maybe three quarters Russian, one quarter English.  Never a word of English from Mother, but no obvious complaints from her about it either.
Dinner ended eventually.  Catherine joined Mother in the kitchen putting away food and cleaning.  That first night she was more obstacle than help, but she learned where things went, and she made her own position clear.  She would also have a role in the kitchen.
Clean up done, Catherine climbed the stairs.  The girls had changed into long cotton night gowns and waited with some book for her to read.  It was the best part of Catherine’s day.  She sat on one of the beds, a girl on each side of her, and she read.  The first weeks she read books in English.  Later weeks she read in Russian.  The stories didn’t matter.  What mattered was having an arm around each girl, and feeling them lean their heads against her.  Any book she read, she read slowly.  She wanted this time to last.
She got the girls into bed, and then she went to her own bed.  Vasily was often sitting at his desk, appearing to work, but he always watched as she undressed.  And she always showed him two satin night gowns and let him pick his favorite.
They made love of course.  Over time they settled into a pattern of cues and touches that determined which nights they would make love.  They also had one more aspect of married life to settle.
That first night, they made love, and then lay close together.  But sometime during the night, Vasily turned or moved, or somehow put distance between himself and Catherine.  She felt it, woke up, and immediately pressed herself against him.  Vasily woke when he felt the pressure.
“Catherine?”
“Vasily, you must do something for me.  At night, as we sleep, you must touch me.  I need to feel you are here with me.  Sleep as you wish, but keep a hand on me.  When you can, keep an arm over me.  Hold me.  Protect me.  Please.”
He rolled toward her, put an arm across her, and pulled her against him.
“Like this?”
“Yes.  You have no idea how important this is.  How much I need this.”  Catherine pushed herself against him, and hoped he did know how much she needed his shelter and his love.



Chapter 40
Marriage in a Funny Church

Morning was chaos.  One tiny bathroom.  Five people.  It would have gone better if Vasily and Catherine could have showered together, but the “shower” was just a high nozzle above the world’s smallest bathtub.  It couldn’t have been much over half a meter square.  So, Vasily showered while Catherine got the girls dressed.  Then Catherine showered while Vasily and his mother got them fed.  Catherine and Vasily both walked the girls to school, a chance for Catherine to meet a few teachers and give the girls a hug.  Catherine had chosen to wear one of her long dresses, her ankle well hidden.  
Back home, Mother was insistent that Catherine sit and eat.  Catherine hesitated.  She had lost weight while with Anya.  That was good, right?  Vasily would want that too, right?  She didn’t want to fight with Mother, so she ate one of the eggs put in front of her, and one piece of toast.  But she wasn’t comfortable doing it.  Before Mother could put any more food on the table, Catherine was up and helping wash the breakfast dishes.
The big event of the morning would occur at the Kremlin.  Kolomna had a kremlin too.  It even looked like the one in Moscow.  Same red/brown brick walls.  Same function.  But for some reason most of the wall had been taken down.  The official buildings were still inside the footprint of the old fortress, and that was where Vasily took Catherine.
No tourists with this one.  There were a few signs in English, like they hoped a few tourists would stop by, but that made no sense.  Given a week’s vacation, would a foreigner give up a day in Moscow or St. Petersburg to drive to Kolomna?  The answer to that was obvious from the empty parking lot.
Vasily led the way.  Catherine took his hand and held tight.  She had also wrapped herself in one of Mother’s shawls.  She had packed for June, not for late September.  Her long dresses had lined skirts, but unlined bodices and sleeves.  Shawls were going to be a constant companion until she had a chance to shop for warmer dresses.  A shawl also seemed the right clothing for a trip to the police station.  She pulled it tight around her, one hand gripping the shawl across her chest, and one hand hanging onto Vasily.  Both hands were clenched as tight as she could manage.
There were several buildings in the Kremlin complex.  Vasily knew which one to go to.  Catherine would have known too.  Amongst all the historic buildings in red brick, there was one rectangle in gray concrete.  Obviously the police station.  Vasily led the way through the steel door.  That was good.  His uniform got one reaction before his accomplice got another.  They seemed to be expecting Catherine and pointed toward an office down a long dark hall.  Catherine found herself moving slower and slower.  Vasily matched her pace.  He made no effort to hurry her along.
The room they eventually entered was small, gray, and contained a desk, two chairs, a man behind the desk, and a woman standing against the wall.  The man behind the desk stood, shook hands with Vasily, and began a lengthy discussion in Russian.  Catherine stood, her hand still locked onto Vasily’s while the men discussed her.  She didn’t understand the words, but she easily understood the tone.  The two men were arguing, but doing it with all the formalities of bureaucrats.  Words were clipped.  Sentences were short.  But neither voice was ever raised.  Finally they finished their debate, and the cop pointed to the two chairs before his desk.  
Time to sign papers.  He had several.  He started with the easy one.  It was even pretty.  It was heavier paper with an embossed edge and Russian flags across the top.  He pushed it towards Vasily who signed it and slid it to Catherine.
“It is our marriage certificate.  If you still want to do this, you sign here.”  He pointed to a line near the bottom.
“What name do I use?”
“Do you wish to take my name?”
“Yes.”
“Then you would sign your American name, and your new name.  Just put one over the other.”
Catherine was aware this was a permanent document, so she signed her American name quickly, but used her more careful penmanship for “Catherine Primakov.”  When she was finished, she held the paper.  She couldn’t help smiling.  She looked at Vasily and was pleased to see him smiling as well.
The next paper wasn’t as pleasant.  It detailed all the restrictions she would be under while she lived in Kolomna.  It was written in Russian, but Vasily translated.  They were the same restrictions he had explained the day before.  She noticed there was no end date.  Her monitor would stay on, the calluses thickening under it.  She was to sign the document, acknowledging that she had been told of these restrictions and understood them.  She signed “Catherine Primakov” for the second time, but this time she didn’t smile.
The third paper was the least pleasant.  It was in English.  It was a form from the American Embassy – a standard form for those who would renounce their American citizenship.  
“You don’t need to sign this.”  Vasily put his hand over Catherine’s.  “It is legal for us to marry foreigners.  Our marriage will still be valid.  You don’t need to do this.”
“If you’re Russian, I’m Russian.”  She signed both her American name and her Russian name and pushed the paper back to the official.  He seemed much happier.  Catherine ignored him.
The next steps involved the woman who had been standing along the wall.  A new ID card.  She already had a camera out and told Catherine where to stand.  Then she took Catherine’s fingerprints.  They waited while all the papers were copied and the new ID card emerged from a machine in another room.  Vasily and the official spoke a few words in Russian.  Based on tone, they still weren’t friends, but their fight seemed to be over.  Catherine used some cloth and a solvent to get the ink off her fingers.
They were out of the building ten minutes later.  Catherine asked Vasily to keep her ID card in his pocket.  Her attention was on the marriage certificate which she carried in both hands, examining it so intently she almost stepped in front of a car.  She held it in her lap as they drove home.  The paper in her lap seemed to establish certainty.  The house they were driving to was home.
Mother was waiting for them at the door.  Same purple dress, but a bigger smile.  Catherine gave her the paper to look at, then hugged her tight.  “Mat.”  Then she went upstairs to change.
Catherine spent a long time on her makeup and hair.  She wanted to look her best, but she was also filling time as she waited for the girls to come home from school.  She thought they might want to “help” her.  As their time drew near, she pulled on her petticoats, glad now for their warmth.  Then she pulled the dress on, but didn’t close it.  The girls could help with that and with her veil.
And that’s exactly what they wanted to do.  They had no trouble with the zipper.  Catherine was thinner than when she had bought the dress.  The zipper closed easily.  She had them adjust the balloon sleeves around her upper arms.  They had a great time playing with the material, immensely pleased with how they arranged it.
They had the most fun with the veil.  They each wore it themselves first, then began finding where the support should go in Catherine’s hair.  That took several tries.  Finally set, with the veil now fully down, they raced downstairs to tell Mother and Vasily all they had done.  Catherine waited.  It was now up to Vasily to come for her.  She listened for his feet on the stairs, and was happy to hear him ascend almost at a run.  She stood, hands together at her waist.
“Oh Catherine.”  He stood just opposite her.  “You are such a beauty.”
“You married me this morning.  Are you ready to marry me again?”
“Will you accept me again?”
“Vasily, lift my veil and kiss me.  I am yours.”
He did lift her veil and kiss her, and they held each other, but they could hear the girls downstairs.  They were too excited to wait any longer.
The stairs were not easy.  The dress was long and the monitor chafed.  A marvelous wedding present would have been its removal.  But that was not going to happen.  What was going to happen was Catherine would carefully descend the stairs, Vasily would drive them to the cathedral, and their marriage service would occur.  And that’s exactly what happened.
Except Catherine was baffled by the whole thing.  She kept her veil down, but even if it had been up, everything would have seemed a blur.
It started with the cathedral.  It was a huge white square two stories high with five onion domes on top.  One dome was painted, the others not.  She couldn’t imagine who would make such a building, or why they would do it.  Frankly it looked like something a creative kindergartener might throw together.  
It was no better inside.  Walls were thick, the interior space small, and there were less than a dozen seats.  Vasily led the way to an altar surrounded by large paintings on boards.  She understood this to be a Christian church, but she had difficulty recognizing any references to Christ in the paintings.  They were large, they glowed a bit from gold paint, and they brightened a room that was otherwise fairly dark.  Catherine followed the rest of the family to the front of the church, and stood where they stood.
A very old man with a long beard walked to them from some hidden place in the church.  Dressed all in black, including a black cap, he was almost invisible until he got close to them.  He did the sign of the cross, and was answered by the whole family, including Catherine once she understood that was expected.  After that there was a lot of talk, some chanting, and some reading from a huge Bible.  Then some bells were rung.  Not much tone, but a special rhythm.  The whole event went on for about fifteen minutes.  Then the priest stepped up to Vasily and drew a cross on his forehead with his thumb, and then did the same for Catherine, pressing through her veil.  Another sign of the cross to the whole family, and he faded back into some corner.  It was over.
Thinking back to that day over the months that followed, Catherine gave less and less thought to the official in the Kremlin, and almost no thought to the odd church.  She smiled when she thought of the dinner back home, and the cake someone had brought.  The girls loved it.  But the big moment for her came when she sat with the girls and read some book they had picked.  She had no recollection of the story.  What she recalled was the two girls lying tight against her, enjoying the feeling of her satin wedding dress, her arms around them, their tiny faces kissing her and saying “Mat.”
She had practiced with Vasily.  She kissed each on the forehead and said “doch.”  They were her daughters now.  And it gave her great joy.



Chapter 41
Winter on the Prairie

Catherine had lived at the northern edge of Wisconsin, so she thought she knew winter.  She was wrong.  By December the house was always cold, a draft constant.  The wind crossed the prairie like an angry ice creature.  Nothing blocked its path.  It raced free across the open ground.   Free to press into every home.  Free to race down every street and bring tears to all eyes as Catherine walked the girls to school.
The house seemed smaller as well as colder, and tempers flared.  The girls fought several times a week.  Valentina was throwing a book at Annika when Catherine rushed to intervene.  Catherine managed to catch the book, but her scolding was met with a mass of loud Russian that included the equivalent of “You’re not my real mother.”  Better to hear at five than at fifteen, but it was still a blow.  It took until dinner time to settle things down.
Clothing was a chore.  There was little in the shops, and it was outrageously expensive.  So Catherine and Mother bought fabric.  Woolens and heavy cotton.  Mother had an ancient sewing machine powered by a treadle.  The foot power actually helped.  It allowed Catherine to go slow.  Mother stood over her for the first week, directing and sometimes demonstrating.  Catherine had never sewn before, so even with guidance, she still made plenty of mistakes.  At least operating at foot speed, she was able to stop before the mistakes had gone too far.
Her first products were long skirts.  Long because of the cold, but also long to hide the monitor.  Her skirts hung down to her shoe tops.  She reused her wedding petticoats, and with them as additional insulation, she was able to make the walk to school or the grocery store without too much suffering.
That left her shoes.  They were designed for summer.  The first time Catherine walked through snow, she nearly came home with frostbite.  The solution was a pair of rubber boots Mother found somewhere.  Catherine spent a day stuffing them with assorted fabrics to make them fit around her feet, and to raise her heel so she endured less pain as she walked.  Vasily bought her a coat, and Mother gave her a shawl to wear around her shoulders in the house and around her head when she went out.  And with that, her winter wardrobe was settled.
The other problem that winter was one any woman would predict – two women, one kitchen.  Mother might be old, and tire quickly, but it was her kitchen and she would cook.  Catherine had cooked for Anya for several months, and she thought she had a handle on at least a few Russian classics, including a borsht that Anya had said was terrific.  The one time Catherine had tried it in Kolomna, Mother spotted a dozen mistakes, all of which seemed unforgiveable.  Mother never spoke a word of English, so getting critiqued in a language Catherine didn’t understand somehow made the whole experience much worse.
Ultimately Catherine used the camel’s nose as the best approach.  She got her nose in the tent and just slowly slid in after it.  Baking was the nose.  Mother’s hands were a mess.  It was a wonder she could lift a spoon, much less bake bread.  So she was willing to let Catherine do the kneading, and then the shaping, and finally the baking.  Having earned herself at least a small space in the kitchen, Catherine now expanded to helping with some of the Russian meat pies.  After all, it was her dough being wrapped around the filling Mother mixed.  Still, it was December before Mother would let Catherine prepare most of a meal, and even then Mother insisted on making at least one of the dishes.
Oddly, rather than divide them, language helped bring the two of them together.  Mother never spoke English.  Fine.  Catherine would stumble through Russian, initially by naming ingredients and utensils.  Mother was a stickler for pronunciation, so Catherine had to name everything several times carefully, which helped immensely.  Mother seemed to pride herself in teaching Catherine both correct cooking and correct Russian.  
Catherine’s other source of Russian instruction was TV.  They had a small set in the corner of the living room, and the girls would watch a kid’s show after school.  It was basically a Sesame Street knock off, which suited Catherine fine.  She sat on the couch, a girl on each side of her, and they recited the numbers and colors together.  By December, Catherine had the Russian for numbers, colors, and cooking.  It was a start.
Vasily was gone occasionally to inspect some place or other, but he was home most nights, and he treated Catherine well.  She did her part by staying thin.  She allowed Mother to make her a small breakfast, but she always skipped lunch, and she took very small helpings at dinner.  Her body was burning massive calories just to stay warm, so her weight continued to drop.  She was certain she was getting more attractive.  She also discovered that her legs were now thin enough that she could get a layer of cloth between the monitor and her ankle.  The first day she had that bit of protection she felt like she could dance. 
Being thin certainly helped her keep Vasily.  They made love frequently, and he held her close all night.  She got him to not only keep an arm across her, but extend a leg across hers as well.  She was warm and protected.  She loved feeling his weight on her.  His weight plus her thinness equaled safety.
The snows began in October and lasted well into April.  But it wasn’t good snow.  The first snowfall Catherine took the girls out to play.  She assumed they could make a snowman.  Maybe have a snowball fight.  It would be fun.  It wasn’t.  The snow was too dry and cold.  It wouldn’t pack together.  She and the girls lay on the snow and made snow angels, but after just a few minutes they were cold and bored and went back inside.
She might have taken them sledding, but there didn’t appear to be a hill within a hundred miles, and her travel limit was five kilometers.  She asked Vasily about ice skating.  He said the town sometimes cleared a stretch of ice on the Moscow River, but the surface was rough and the girls had tripped multiple times when he had gone out with them the previous winter.  So, free time was spent inside.  She invented some games, and they spent time reading, and that appeared to satisfy the girls.
Time passed.  Father Christmas came.  The girls got books and dolls.  Mother got thick gloves.  Catherine got a wool sweater.  Vasily got a cake Catherine had worked on for two days.  Vasily also got a night with Catherine in a tiny satin nightgown she hadn’t warn since July. 
March came.  Days were longer, but the wind didn’t feel any warmer, and snows were just as dry and cold.  
The police came in March.  They waited until Vasily had gone to work and Catherine had walked the girls to school.  There was just Mother and Catherine in the house.  They knocked, then entered.  Two of them.  Both middle aged.  Both armed.  One carried a case.  They spoke to Mother.  She stared and said little.  They looked at Catherine and pointed to a chair.  They pointed to her monitor hidden under layers of cloth.  She sat.  There was a slight chance they had come to remove the monitor.  She looked at their faces and knew that wouldn’t happen.
One stood behind her, his hand on her shoulder.  The other knelt near her feet and opened his case.  Electronics and tools.  They would be working on her monitor.  She raised her skirt just above the monitor and held it.  The one at her feet just laughed and pushed her skirt far above her knees.  Catherine wrapped her skirt tight around her thighs and waited.  More laughter from the man with the tools.
It was sexual assault.  No other way to describe it.  The man at her feet put his hand on her calf and slid it slowly up and down her leg.  Catherine started to move her leg, only to have the man behind her bury his hand in her hair and twist.  She froze.  The man on the floor continued to caress her leg.  He also pulled the cloth from under her monitor and showed it to the standing man.  Both laughed.
A tool came out.  He inserted its prongs into the flat side of her monitor and opened an entry door.  He popped out an old battery and inserted a new one.  Door closed and locked.  They were done.  She hoped.  But he looked up at her, and she knew there was more to come.  New tool.  New entry point.  He turned the tool and the monitor tightened around her ankle.  She couldn’t help herself.  She shouted.
“Please.  That’s too tight.”
Absolutely the wrong thing for her to say.  He smiled, ran his hand up and down her leg, going higher and higher while his other hand held the tool.  He watched.  He wanted to hear her beg again.  He turned the tool and the monitor tightened another notch.  Big smile, then yet another notch.  His free hand slid up her thigh.  He smiled and held the tool, ready to tighten again.
It was Mother who ended the torture.  She shouted at both men.  Loud.  And continuous.  Moving closer as she shouted.  She had grabbed a broom and threatened them with it.  The man standing behind Catherine let go of her hair and actually put his hand on his gun.  Mother just shouted louder.
And that ended it.  The man on the floor put away his tools and stood.  Both men spoke sternly to Mother, but they backed out of the house as they did so.  It was over.  Mother came to Catherine and put her arm around her shoulders.  Catherine leaned into her chest and cried.  Mother waited.  She stroked Catherine’s hair, kept her arms around her, and held Catherine to her.  As she heard Catherine’s breathing finally settle, she said the one word she ever spoke in English.
“No.  No Vasily.”
Catherine looked up at Mother and repeated the instruction.
“No Vasily.”
Whatever Vasily would do would bring harm to Vasily.  In a nation run by thugs, honest men were killed for attempting honest acts.
“No Vasily.”  Catherine pushed her skirts down to the floor and attempted to stand.  She could put almost no weight on her right foot.  She touched the floor with her right toes.  Even that was painful.  Her limp now would be permanent.



Chapter 42
The Embassy Arrives

In June the embassy sent someone down from Moscow.  She came with a translator and a driver.  Her arrival had been announced and everyone was prepared.  Vasily was home.  Two city officials were present.  Two cops stood guard on the street.  Mother had made a large pot of tea.
The woman was young.  Maybe twenty five.  Catherine looked at her and guessed Ivy League.  Probably fast track.  Already stationed someplace as important as Moscow.  She wore a bright yellow suit with an American flag pin on her lapel.  Her blond hair was perfect and her blue eyes large.  But it was her posture that announced her status.  She held her five foot eight inch frame comfortably erect.  She shook hands all around, said a few words in Russian to Mother, and knew the entire room was watching her every move.  She was fine with that.  She seemed certain she would say the right things, make the right moves, and accomplish whatever she was attempting.
Vasily finally got people seated.  He and Catherine sat together on the couch.  The others sat on the chairs he had arranged.  Mother brought glasses of tea.  After everyone had been served, and the woman guessed the right amount of time had passed, the embassy lady began.
“Catherine, I am sure you can guess why I have come.”  The woman sat opposite Catherine and presented a very pleasant smile.
“I would prefer if you would address me as Mrs. Primakov.  I am twice your age and a married woman.  It seems a more respectful greeting.”
There was just a flicker of change across the woman’s face, then the smile reappeared.
“Of course.  My apologies.  But as I said, I think you know why I am here.”
“Apparently you are here to play guessing games.”
This time the woman’s mouth pursed for a moment.  Like she had found the tea too bitter.
“Mrs. Primakov, we have received word that you have signed a statement renouncing your citizenship.”
“I signed that statement in September.  It is now June.  Your concern seems rather casual.”
“You were a career military officer, now living in a country with which we have many concerns.  It seems an odd decision.”
“I met a man.  I fell in love.  We married.  End of story.”
“Congratulations.”  
The woman paused to sip her tea.  Catherine watched her.  The woman wasn’t done yet.  The conversation had not gone as she might have expected, but she was already recovering.  While she plotted her next moves, she sat with a slight smile.  She looked like she had sipped tea in tiny Russian houses all her life.  And enjoyed every minute of it.  New approach now plotted, she began again.
“May I ask how you met?”
“I was in Germany trying to avoid arrest for a crime I did not commit.  May I ask why you are still here?  You asked for a meeting.  You have had your meeting.  You know precisely how we met, where we met, and when we met.  There seems no reason for your questions, or for your presence.”
“I apologize Mrs. Primakov, but I ask for your patience.  In cases like these we always want to ensure that a person is not acting under duress.  If you don’t mind, I would like you to read a statement I have with me, and sign it in my presence.  It repeats your request to renounce your American citizenship.”
She pulled a single sheet of paper from a portfolio and passed it to Catherine.  Catherine glanced at it and knew the purpose of the visit.  Third word, third line of each paragraph.  An old code.  She and Deirdre had used it once, just for fun.

We…will…come…for…you

Catherine took a pen from Vasily and signed her name.  Catherine Primakov.  And at the end of her signature, she added “No”.  Her signature now continued on with a flourish that made the name “Primakovno” if someone looked carefully.
She passed the paper back to the woman.  She accepted it with a smile.  If she saw the word added to the signature, she didn’t react to it.
“I think you are making a mistake, but I understand how love can change things.  And for your information, I am aware of no charges currently being leveled against you.  You are free to reenter the United States any time.  Of course, now, you will need a visa.”
“I can think of no reason to return to the U.S.  I am a Russian citizen with a Russian family.  This is my home.”
No response from the woman.  She stood, shook hands all around, her smile constant.  She led the way out of the house, her driver and translator following in her wake.  The two local officials also left, headed back to the Kremlin to report.  The two cops got back in their car and followed the embassy lady out of town.
Once the room was empty, Vasily took Catherine’s hand in both of his.
“Why did she come?”
“They are sending people to bring me back to America.”
“When will they come?”
“I told them not to come.  My home is here.  My family is here.  I will stay here.”
Vasily put his arm around Catherine’s shoulders and pulled her to him.
“I see the way you walk.  They have hurt you.  And I feel how you hold me at night.  They have scared you.”
“There are bad people here.  But my family is here.  I will never leave you or the girls.”
“Things will not get better, Catherine.  You live in a country run by criminals.  They won’t be stupid like the Stalinists, but they will let the country fade while they get rich.  I have seen the population of this town shrink.  It is shrinking everywhere.  Slowly.  My unit projects there will be fewer than a hundred million Russians by the end of the century.  And those Russian will live in constant fear of gangsters.  This is a failed country, Catherine.”
“Where you go, I go.  If you stay, I stay.”
Vasily kissed her, and then started again.
“Why did you not like that woman from the embassy?”
“She reminded me of me at that age.  Too sure of things.  She’s never been afraid.  She’s never been confused.”
“When they come for you, I want you to go.”
“I will not.”
“You should obey your husband.”
“They will never separate me from you and the girls.”
“But…”
“Are you working today?”
“No.”
“Then let’s go upstairs while the girls are at school.”
Catherine rose, and limped towards the stairs, her hand held behind her, pulling Vasily along.



Chapter 43
Retrieval

They came for her in late September.  The leaves had already turned and fallen.  The prairie winds pushed the leaves down the streets and up against fences and walls.  Nights were cold and getting much longer.  Winter would descend quickly.  Catherine had found some insulated fabric in a deep forest green, and had spent the previous day making warm skirts for the girls and herself.  They were going to wear the skirts to school that morning, Catherine and the girls matched in forest green.
Catherine had just gotten backpacks on the girls when the cars arrived – a small bus from inTourist, and two black sedans with heavily tinted windows.  They had barely parked in front of the house when two cars arrived with local police.  Four cops got out of the cars and fanned out along the street.
Vasily went to the door.  Catherine pulled the girls against her.  Three people came through the door – Elise Konkol of the FBI, the woman from the embassy, and a colonel from the local Kremlin.  All three wore bright smiles.
“Good morning, Kat.”  Elise took a step toward Catherine.  Catherine limped back a step, pulling the girls with her.
“My name is Catherine.”
“Sorry Catherine.”  Elise came no closer, but continued to smile.  She appeared relaxed, comfortable, as if she saw Catherine every day.  “We have come to take you home.”
“I am home.”
“This true.  She here live.”  This from the local colonel.  He said it in very slow English, then in more rapid Russian.  He adjusted his position so he was between Catherine and the two Americans. 
“Colonel, if you would give us a few minutes to talk.”  Elise stood looking at the colonel.  He hesitated, then stepped out of the house and began talking to several soldiers who had arrived with him.
“Catherine,” Elise turned toward Catherine and almost took a step closer to her, but caught herself.  “I know we have given you no time to prepare.  But we have made an arrangement with the government.  We have permission to take you and your family back to the U.S.”
“Which jail cell have you prepared for me?”
“I have a statement from a federal judge that dismisses all former charges with prejudice.  With prejudice, Catherine.  You know what that means.”
“Yes, the charges cannot be refiled.  So, you found some other person responsible.  Good.  My parents will be relieved.  But it changes nothing.  This is my family.  This is our home.”  Catherine looked past Elise to see Vasily’s reaction.  Elise also looked to Vasily.
“Colonel Primakov, we have permission from both governments for you, your daughters, and your mother to accompany Catherine to the states.”
“My mother will remain here.”
“Vasily?”  Catherine looked to Vasily.  She was surprised by the way he stood.  Tall, erect, comfortable.  As if he had known this morning would arrive and had prepared for it.
“Catherine, my sister will move her boys here.  She wants them away from the Moscow gangs.”
“And us?”
“Take the girls upstairs and help them pack.”  It was a command.  Maybe the first he had ever given her.  Catherine obeyed.  She nudged the girls up the stairs, and followed them.
The girls were as confused at Catherine.  The three of them spoke in Russian as Catherine emptied their dresser drawers and folded their clothes.  The girls had no suitcases, so they pushed all their clothes into pillow cases.  Catherine limped back to her bedroom and returned with needle and thread.  As she sewed up the end of each case, she answered the girls’ questions as best she could.  Were they really going to America?  What about their friends?  What books could they take?  What about all their pictures?
Catherine answered as best she could.  She also put their toy box on Annika’s bed and put all the wall art on the bottom.  Each girl picked six books to go in the box.  Each put in her favorite stuffed animal.  Both looked at all the favorites that would not fit, and started crying.  Catherine sat on the bed and hugged the girls.
“I promise when we get to American, you can each pick two more books and one more animal.  It will be like Father Christmas has come.”   
That helped settle them, but they were still not happy.  Catherine asked them to carry one more stuffed animal down stairs with them.  That was a mistake.  It gave them another choice to make and another sense of loss for what would be left behind.  But they followed her instructions, picked up one animal, and took the stairs.
Catherine moved the pillow cases and toy box to her bed, and then pulled out her suitcase.  It got her marriage certificate, her folded wedding dress, some underwear, and four skirts and blouses she had sewn herself.  Vasily had his own suitcase.  She opened it and packed for him.  First, all the clutter that men collect in their top dresser drawer.  She just removed the drawer and spilled the contents into his case.  Next came his underwear, a suit, and his dress uniform.  She closed both suitcases and took them to the top of the stairs.
It was Elise who came up to get all the luggage.  She took load after load down the narrow stairway.  Each time she came back up she looked at Catherine.  She had most of the bags down the stairs before she finally said what she wanted to say.
“Catherine, we are all so sorry.”
“Don’t be.  I have a family now.  I love them.”  She took a step closer to Elise.  “If this is a trick, I will hurt you.  I go where my family goes.  I stay where my family stays.  Do not try to separate us.  I will not get on a plane unless they are right beside me.”
“I promise.”
Elise took down the last two cases.  Catherine followed.  She found the girls hugging Vasily’s legs.  He was stroking their hair, trying to calm them.  Mother was standing close, kissing Vasily and giving him a bag of food.  Catherine limped over and wrapped her arms around all of them.
The embassy woman stood at the door and passed bags out to a driver.  Everything was loaded into the back of the inTourist bus.  When the last bag went in, everyone stood and waited.
Vasily talked to his mother.  Catherine whispered to Mother.  Both girls looked up at the adults, their eyes wide, tears running down their cheeks.  Mother kissed both girls, and then Vasily led the family to the bus.
The idiot woman from the embassy opened the back door of her sedan and asked if Catherine would ride with her so they could talk.  Catherine ignored her.  The bus had a backseat that spanned the vehicle.  Vasily led them there.  He and Catherine took the center, with a girl on each side.  They sat tight against each other.  Elise took a seat in front of them, but said nothing.
The ride?  Almost three hours with a long back up at the airport.  The bus led around to a special entrance.  The embassy woman got out of her car, and the Kolomna colonel got out of his.  Both brought papers to the guards at the gate.  A call was made and a list checked.  All three vehicles were granted admission.
A private plane was waiting for them.  They stood on the tarmac while their luggage was loaded.  A Russian corporal arrived with a small case.  He knelt at Catherine’s ankle, pulled out a small tool, and freed Catherine of the ankle monitor.  She chose not to say anything, but her face expressed her loathing.  Vasily took her hand.  
When it was time to board, Catherine held Valentina in her arms.  Vasily carried Annika.  Inside she took a pair of seats with Valentina at the window and her at the aisle.  Vasily took the pair opposite.  The minute he was seated, Catherine took his hand.  Elise came aboard, the door closed, and the plane started rolling.  When it lifted off the ground, Catherine started crying.
The flight took eleven hours.  It was a very quiet eleven hours.  Catherine felt guilty about the silence.  Mothers were supposed to do something.  Sooth the girls, talk with the girls, entertain the girls, hold the girls.  Well, at least she was doing the latter.  She was holding Valentina so tight she was afraid she might crush her.  But she couldn’t get words to come out of her mouth.  In truth, she was overwhelmed.  It was too much, too fast.
She looked across the aisle at her husband.
“You knew.”
“I knew they would come for you.  And I knew you would fight them.  They knew you would fight them, so their response was obvious.”
“You gave up your country.”
“I am giving my girls a chance at a better life, and I am giving my wife a chance to walk down the street and not be afraid of the police.”
“And your career.”
“My career is over.  I served my country.  What difference does it make where I retire?”
“And your mother approves?”
“She wants what all grandmothers want – happiness for her grandchildren.”
“Vasily, I promise to be the best wife any man ever had.”
He just smiled and took her hand.
That conversation didn’t solve every problem.  Catherine still feared… well, she feared as many things as her imagination could provide.  A forced return to Moscow.  A landing in St. Petersburg, or any other Russian city, including all the cities in Siberia.  Catherine practiced her breathing – two in, three out, but she found she did two in and three very fast out.  Nothing settled her.  Vasily reached across the aisle and took her hand.  That helped.
The girls helped.  Elise gave them a tour of the plane.  They decided they needed multiple paper cups of water from the bathroom.  Then they needed the bathroom.  Elise brought around sandwiches.  The girls played with their food.  Catherine let them eat around the crusts.  Eventually the girls slept, each resting her head on an adult grateful to feel the little head resting against their arm.
Once the girls were asleep, Elise knelt down and felt Catherine’s ankle.  
“Catherine, you are going to need physical therapy.”
Catherine nodded.  She knew she would need far more than physical therapy.  At the moment, she had the odd sense that the monitor was still there.  Still on her ankle.  They were over the Atlantic before Catherine slowly began moving her foot.  Every movement hurt.  She quietly cried.  Not from the pain, but from the year-long humiliation.  She worried only the physical pain would go away.  Vasily reached across the aisle and took her hand.  She gripped his hand so hard she feared she would hurt him.
The plane stopped once for refueling.  Catherine pressed her face against the window.  She read every sign, checking for Cyrillic letters.  The signs said she was in Newfoundland.  The English letters gave her hope the signs were true.
Questions?  Later in the flight Valentina woke.  She was on the verge of tears.  Her teacher told the class Americans carry guns and shoot people.  Would she be safe?  Catherine pointed to her father.  “See how big your father is?  He will protect you.”
Catherine had her own question.  Where were they going?  She assumed Washington.  They had a Russian colonel on board.  Lots of folks would want to debrief him.  And they would love to question Catherine.  What had she done all that time in Russia, and how much had she told them about her time with the NSA?  They could be put in a Virginia safe house for months.
Catherine didn’t ask her question.  There was nothing she could do about her future.  She ate a sandwich, kept an arm around Valentina, and reached over to Vasily.  He ran his thumb across her palm to calm her, and kept his hand where she could find it when she needed.  She lay her head back on her seat and watched him.  When he looked her way she whispered “Thank you.”
Austin Straubel is an airport she knew well.  They had flown the polar route and were coming straight down from the north.  They had flown right over Amberg and Wausaukee on the way to Green Bay.  She knew that to be true as the plane lined up for a landing, but still, she had trouble believing.  She saw the terminal, she saw the runways, she saw highway 41.  There was no other place she could be, but still, it didn’t seem real.
As the plane taxied, she looked forward at Elise.  She didn’t ask her question, but Elise answered it anyway.
“We’re going to your lodge.”
“It can’t be mine any more.  I have been gone over a year.  The mortgage would be in default.”
“We talked to a judge, and your brother was given control of your estate.  The lodge is clean, and your propane tank is full.”
“The mortgage?”
“You had income.  Your retirement pay kept coming.  And we had you on a consulting contract for your time in Russia.  We also used the place for executive retreats, so you had rent.  Marie and Lois cooked, one of their daughters cleaned, and you made a few bucks after all the bills were paid.”
“Thank you.”
Catherine looked out the window at Green Bay in the fall.  She wondered if it would feel like home.




Chapter 44
Home

Looking back, Catherine always saw those first weeks home as clusters of events.  She had a name for each cluster, starting with “The Palace.”

The Palace.  The girls had been in the airplane eleven hours, and then another hour in a rented minivan for the drive up to Amberg.  They were wiped out.  But after twelve hours seated, they exploded out of the car once they saw the lodge, and went racing from one end to the other.  They knew the English word for “palace” and they yelled it as they ran past Catherine.
“You live in a palace.”
“It is called a lodge.”  She managed to get Annika’s attention for just a moment before she raced off after her sister.
“It is a palace.  Are you a princess?”
“You and Valentina live here now.  If this is a palace, then you two are princesses.”
There was more running from place to place as Catherine helped Vasily and Elise bring in the luggage.  They carried the girls’ toy box and pillows to one of the upstairs bedrooms.  That got the girls’ attention as they decided who would get which bed.  But then they were off again, searching the lodge.
Lois and Marie had been called and were both in the kitchen working on a welcome home meal.  They decided to serve it in the dining room, complete with candle light.  The girls seemed even more convinced they lived in a castle.  They were princesses now, and they had servants.  Neither ate very much.  Within ten minutes, Annika had her head down on the table, and Valentina was slouched back in her chair.  
It was time for bed.  Catherine decided rather than put them up on the second floor, for this one night, they could share her bed.  She and Vasily got them under the covers, then went back to finish their meal and talk with Lois and Marie.  They got a complete history of how the lodge had been used the past year, including which FBI agent had tried to smoke a cigarette in the library, and which IRS agent had left her bathroom a complete mess.
Catherine sent them off with thanks and hugs.  Elise left soon after.  Catherine knew she would be back.  There would certainly be a long interview in the near future, but Elise was kind enough to at least give Catherine a couple days to catch her breath.
Catherine and Vasily quietly unpacked while the girls slept.  He was surprised to see she had packed his dress uniform.
“You have every right to be proud of your uniform.  I am proud of mine.”
They finished putting things away and then stood looking at each other.  There was far too much to say, so Catherine just hugged him and talked about Halloween.  She explained costumes and trick or treat, and the endless supply of Disney princess costumes.  She knew what the girls would wear that year.
As it turned out, the girls wore their Disney princess gowns every night after school for weeks before and after Halloween.  They also wore them at Thanksgiving, by which time the seams were torn and the hems ripped.  With her newly acquired sewing skills, Catherine made them each a more substantial gown for Christmas.  Both girls dressed as princesses for the entire school break.

The Initial Interview.  Elise was patient.  And helpful.  She had a green card waiting for Vasily, so he could legally work.  And she had written a resume for him showing he had been a truck mechanic.  Up in Niagara was a heating business.  Someone in her office explained to the owner that a government sponsored apprenticeship could be arranged.  Vasily was hired.
So, with the girls in school, and Vasily at work, Elise stopped by “for coffee.”  Catherine knew better, but didn’t mind.  There was sunshine on the front porch, and the women sat out there with their coffee mugs.  Catherine assumed a recorder was working in Elise’s purse.  Catherine got the glider moving, and let the questions flow.
For many things, Elise answered before asking.  Anya?  She had been a gamble.  Agents spoke to her while she was in college.  A Russian exchange student might be an asset.  Of course she might also be an agent.  In the twenty years since college, they hoped she would be an asset, but they became convinced she was actually an agent.  They fed her a mix of good and bad information, let her sit in meetings at the State Department and at the embassy, and let things play out.
Quixote was a complete surprise to them.  She covered her tracks well, and had done serious damage (plus one suicide) before the bureau caught on.  Even then, the FBI let her come to Amberg, and let her take Catherine to Fulda in the hope that she could get them inside whatever troll farm was working the project.  They learned about the arrest warrants a day after they were issued.  Bad communication.  Everyone was sorry.  
Catherine’s turn.  She held nothing back.  The visit to the Kremlin and the ankle monitor.  The police in the park and her fears.  Her months with Anya.  It took hours for her to walk through it all.
Elise described the latest with Anya.  Her arrest in Washington and months in a Virginia safe house.  The wait for the Russians to approve the exchange – Anya for Catherine.  Then Anya for Catherine and her family.  Negotiations took time.  
Back to Catherine.  Elise watched closely.  What had the relationship with Anya become?
“I loved her.  She saved me from those cops who would have raped the life out of me.  But it was more than that.  If she had stayed in Moscow, I would have stayed.  I would have spent the rest of my life with her, and been happy to do it.  True.”
Catherine paused to make sure Elise understood.  She waited to see something in Elise’ face.  When she saw it, she continued.
“So, now, let’s get to the question you haven’t asked yet.  What did I tell her?  What did I tell the general when he tightened that monitor on my ankle and made it clear he owned me?  He could take me whenever he wanted.  He knew it.  I knew it.  What did I tell him about the NSA?  Nothing.  He didn’t ask.  His only interest was the Quixote Project.  He wanted to use me as Dulcinea, and he did.  Later, he wanted to fuck me.  And he did.  I let him.”  
Elise looked off towards the lake, and rocked with Catherine as silence settled over them.  She took her time.  Finally she ended the interview.
“We are sorry for how things went over there.  It hurts me to watch you walk.  It hurts me to see how thin you are.”
“Thank you.”
“One last thing about Anya.  She was sorry for what you went through.  She told us that over and over in the safe house.  And I think she loved you.  At least at the end.  She needed you to be poor and helpless in Moscow, so she never told you, but she did share the car money with you.  She said there’s a hundred thousand Euros in your Swiss account.  Apparently Beemers are worth their weight in gold in Moscow.”
“What she did in Moscow was more important.  She protected me.  From the cops, and probably from the general.  That was love.  I felt that love every night.”
Elise returned every couple weeks for almost a year.  She sometimes brought small gifts for the girls.  She asked how Catherine was getting on with her physical therapy and complimented any improvements she could see in Catherine’s stride.  She never asked about the counseling Catherine was getting at the VA clinic in Green Bay, but she also never arrived on one of those days, so she must have known the sessions were taking place.
She ended every visit the same way.  She hugged Catherine, kissed her on the lips, held her tight and whispered “I am always here if you need me.”

Grade School.  Catherine stood at the end of the driveway every morning as the bus took her girls off to the elementary school in Wausaukee.  She also volunteered whenever an adult helper was needed for field trips.  She went with the class to see the one room school house east of Amberg, and she went with them to the historic village in Green Bay.  She sat in the front of the bus with the other mothers.  They talked food and kids and sometimes husbands.  She just smiled when they asked about hers.
The best moment of every day?  Whether she was standing at the end of the drive when the kids got home, or if she was outside the school door to get the kids, the best moment was when the girls ran to her, backpacks bouncing and papers gripped tight in tiny hands.  “Look Mommy” were magic words as they held out artwork or some spelling list.  She hugged them so hard she worried she would hurt them.
The girls loved their new room upstairs, and the walls filled with artwork from Wausaukee, and still some art work from Kolomna.  Much as they liked their room, there were lots of weekend mornings where the girls jumped into the big bed downstairs.  She and Vasily competed to see who could give the girls the biggest hug.

Jim at the Falls.  It took a week for Catherine to text Jim.   She was afraid to put it off any longer, afraid of an awkward meeting at school or in the IGA.  She texted, he answered, they agreed to meet at Dave’s Falls that Saturday morning.  It was the right place.  Public, but usually empty in the morning.  Quiet, but not silent.  The falls threw out a mist and made a constant churn as water dropped ten feet.  If they ran out of things to say, there would be no uncomfortable silence to emphasize the difficulty in finding words.  The river would fill in some noise while they struggled with the next sentence.
As it turned out, the meeting wasn’t as bad as Catherine had feared.
“I told you I wanted to spend more than one night a week with you, and then disappeared for over a year.”
They were sitting on neighboring rocks.  Close, but not too close, distant, but not too distant.
“The FBI was at the lodge after you left, and they explained what they could.  They told me you might not be able to get back.  And then they told me you might be married.”
“You’ll see him around town.  Fifty two.  Fairly large.  He works at a furnace business in Niagara.  A mechanic.  He has two young daughters.  We have two young daughters.”
“Does he like living in America?”
“I think so.  We are both adjusting.  The girls are both in school, and they love running around the lodge.  I’m waiting for Halloween.  I think they will go a little crazy.”
They listened to the river for a while.
“Jim, I know this turned out odd.  I’m sorry.  But I hope you understand.  You have a family, and now I have a family.”
“I get that.  And I’m glad you are back and safe.  You are safe, right?  You look really thin, and you aren’t walking very well.  Did you get sick over there?”
“I had some problems, but I am getting better now.  Thanks for asking.  How about you?  How’s your boys?  How’s your team?  Did you go to state?”
The rest of the conversation was the same conversation two old friends might have if they met in the grocery store.  Kids, sports, even a bit of weather.  It lasted about ten minutes, and then the rocks began feeling hard on their backsides.  They stood, hugged, and walked back to their cars.  Things were settled between them.  No tears, no shouts, very adult.  It somewhat reminded Catherine of their romance.  

Vasily.  Catherine admired the man.  A Russian colonel who once commanded a regiment of tanks, he now went to work each day and repaired furnaces.  He made house calls to furnaces deep in wet basements, behind cob webs and generations of household treasures stored in mildewed cardboard boxes.  His pants were always wet at the knees, and his hats had layers of spider webs, often with dead moths imbedded.  He left the lodge at seven thirty and got home at five, but he was also on-call if a furnace went out.  In Wisconsin you don’t wait for furnace repairs.
Yet he never complained.
“Vasily, I found out Anya paid me for the car she stole.  We have money, if you want to quit.”
“It is a needed job.  I help keep people warm.”
“But…”
“But what?  I used to be a tank commander?  When a column of tanks rolls down Highway 141, I will take my place on the lead tank.  Until then, I fix furnaces.”
He did far more than that.  He read to his daughters, he hugged his daughters, he listened to his daughters.
And he helped Catherine with her shakes.  By every measure, she was safe now.  She was home.  The monitor was off.  Therapy was helping her ankle.  Counseling was helping her head.  But she wasn’t right, and she knew it.  If he was out of the house, she locked the doors.  If he was home, she stayed close.  If he sat, she sat next to him.  If Annika was sitting beside him, Catherine would pick up Annika and put her on her lap so she could take that place tight against Vasily.  If he was standing, she stood close, and took his hand.  Sometimes that wasn’t enough, and she pulled his arm around her shoulders.
In bed, she wanted him to make love to her every night.  It put him over her, around her, in her, tight to her.  She wanted every minute of that.  But at fifty two, he had his limits.  So she made other demands.  He was to always touch her.  She was to be able to feel him every minute of every night.  He was to keep an arm or a leg over her.  And that was not enough.  She woke up a dozen times a night and slid against him, pressed herself to him, found an arm and pulled him over onto her.  It was amazing he got any sleep.
Yet still, there were nights when she shook, or shouted, or whimpered in her sleep.  If anything, she was worse in Amberg than she had been in Kolomna.
His response was to hold her so tightly she could not move.  Only then did she calm down.  She would look up at him, kiss him, and then slowly go back to sleep.
Sometimes sleep was impossible, so they talked.  She made him lie on top of her, his face just above hers, and they would talk.  She asked about his family still in Russia.  He asked when she would restart her business.  She asked if he had enjoyed Fulda.  It took him an hour to answer that question.
“In the fall of 1989 I was twenty.  I had been assigned to tanks.  They sent me out to learn to drive, and shoot, and repair.  I was good.  And I was stupid.  I was such a junior officer I should have been sitting peeling potatoes, but they sometimes let me into the room with the real officers.  So I heard talk.  And I drew conclusions.
“In October the border guards in Hungary looked the other way as East Germans drove across their border into Austria and then drove on to West Germany.  Word spread, and hundreds became thousands.  At least in one location, at least for the moment, the wall was down.  If you wanted to get to the West, this was your chance.  And thousands took it.  Most of them young.  And, our leaders guessed many were reservists – East German soldiers leaving our armies.
“I was twenty, so of course I knew exactly what we should do.  We had to attack while we still had an army left.  Every day we got weaker.  We could not wait.”
“You ask about Fulda.  Russia has a million colonels.  Why send me?  I wanted to see it.  I told you.  This was the town I would bombard as I raced for Frankfurt.  I didn’t tell you I knew this was the town where I would die.  We knew about your nuclear mines.  We were issued iodine pills.  They would enable us to fight an extra day or two before radiation poisoning killed us.  I took my pills and waited for the order to attack.  I would have rolled through Fulda and died somewhere east of Frankfurt.
“I stood with you on that tower, a woman who had helped remove the mines.  A woman who had helped unify Germany and make peace.  You are the woman who risked all to stop the Quixote troll farm.  You suffered.  And you still suffer.  And I think you will suffer longer.  But you are a woman I am proud to know.  Fulda is no longer the place I almost died.  Fulda is where I met you.”
Did that end her shakes?  No.  But she smiled more.  And she went to the Wausaukee Cut and Curl to get her hair done.  And she started eating lunch.  And a few nights later, when he pulled her close, she pushed him onto his back and climbed onto him.  She held his head in her hands, kissed him, and said, 
“I love you Vasily.  You are my man.  My husband.  The father of my daughters.  I am your good Russian wife.  Everything I have wanted in my life, I have now.  I am yours.”
Vasily stroked her hair and kissed the top of her head as she fell asleep on his chest.



Chapter 45
Deirdre

She visited the second week of October.  Parked, walked across the front of the lodge, past the front door, and took a seat on the porch glider.  Catherine could hear the wooden seat respond to her weight.  Deirdre was a large woman.  Six two.  Maybe two hundred thirty pounds.  A man’s shoulders and a woman’s hips.  And an ass that flared her skirt.  Black.  Mid-forties.  Her hair was in long braids that bounced all over her head as she walked.  It was a cool day, but she wore no coat.  Her dress was a patchwork print.  Some black squares, but mostly red, orange, and yellow.  Ruffles at her elbows and along the hem of her skirt.  She found the glider, carefully arranged her skirt, and sat.
Catherine saw her of course.  The girls were at school, Vasily at work.  The lodge was silent.  So she heard the car, heard the door close, heard the glider creak as it took her weight.  She knew Deirdre would sit and wait for Catherine to come to her.  And wait for Catherine to get ready.  That was just good manners.
Catherine hurried to her bedroom and got out of her jeans and shirt.  She had a sundress she hadn’t warn yet.  It was bright and attractive.  Lots of skirt around her knees.  She stepped into that, then pulled a comb through her hair.  She put some color on her cheeks and lips.  A bit of work around her eyes.  A long look into her mirror.  On a whim, she reached into her jewelry box and pulled out the windmill earrings.  She liked how they dangled from her ears.
Last steps, she pulled back the top corner of her bed spread, and she took a blanket from the closet.
“This will help us stay warm.”
Catherine held the blanket in front of Deirdre.  Deirdre leaned forward and Catherine arranged the blanket along the back of the glider.  She pulled one corner over Deirdre’s shoulder and the other over her own as she sat tight against Deirdre.  There was a bit of motion as both women pulled their feet up under them and they arranged themselves under the blanket.
“Let’s try this.”  Catherine pulled both ends of the blanket together, wrapping the two of them up tight.  “I hold the blanket, you hold me.”
Deirdre put an arm around Catherine’s shoulders.  The other hand held the back of her head.  She leaned over Catherine and kissed her.  She held the kiss, then continued to lean over Catherine.
“I understand I am to call you Catherine now.  Good choice, really.  You were always far more feminine than you let on.”
“You never had trouble finding my feminine side.”  Catherine held the ends of blanket together with one hand.  The other began fondling Deirdre.  “Your breasts are huge.  And soft.”
“I am here to please.  But bras are impossible to find, and fit like a harness.”
“My last night in Moscow I wore a corset.  I liked it.”
“I bet he liked lacing it.”
“Two women in the basement of the Presidential Palace laced it.”
“Your night with Putin?  I saw the video.  Did he fuck you later?”
“No.  He said he had plenty of women for that.  I was to go and be a good Russian wife and mother.”
“Which you did.”
“Yes.  Which I did.”
Deirdre was still holding Catherine’s head back.  She might kiss her again.  She might not.  She would keep Catherine waiting.  And looking up at her.
“Deirdre, you know I used to dream of being with you here.  We would spend summer evenings sitting out here, winter evenings sitting in front of the fire.  You would hold me just like this.”
“I would have liked that.”
“But you never came.”
“I have excuses.  City girl.  This is… well, is it even country?  And you were not nice to me when I took that transfer to Tennessee.”
“Let’s not repeat the fight.”
“No.”  Deidre played a bit with Catherine’s hair.  She kissed her again.  She continued to hold her head back.
“Will you hold me like this as you interrogate me?  Stare into my eyes.  Watch to see if my pupils dilate?”
“I will hold you like this so I can kiss you whenever I wish.”
“But you will also ask questions.”
“Yes, I will ask questions.  You are a hero to us, but also a mystery.”
“There is no mystery to me.  I am a Russian housewife and mother.  In a few weeks I will go back to running workshops for other women.”
“Tell me about Zhanna.”  Deirdre’s fingers slipped into Catherine’s hair.  She would tighten her grip if she chose.
“I liked her.  And you should know she did everything properly.  She used the code we established back when you and I were working together.  She knew the signs and counter signs.”
“But you told her nothing.  You knew she was compromised?”
“No.  I had nothing to tell her.  I assumed you knew about Anya.  You knew we were traveling together.  You would check on her and learn her secrets.  As for the troll farm, they took pictures and used them to build a connection to me.  You would see the pictures, see the faces of the women, the arrangements they were using, maybe even deduce the location of the farm.  So I didn’t need to tell you any of that.”
“I understand.”
“No you don’t.  There’s something else.  Zhanna was a friend.  I wanted a friend.  I needed a friend.  I didn’t know how much I needed one until I finally had one.  Not a work colleague.  Not a lover.  A friend.  I loved our Wednesdays together.  We would take walks and talk simple Russian.  Usually we would just go grocery shopping, but some weeks we went looking for clothes, or things for the apartment.  We went shopping.  The ultimate girl bond.  I wanted it.  I needed it.  I loved it.  So I refused to turn her into some communications link.”
“You had Anya.”
“Anya had me.  She was here.  Two weekends.  By the second weekend I wanted her so badly I could barely breathe.  She had an arrest warrant to control me, but she never needed it.  I would do anything for her touch.  Sorry.”
“No, I get it.  You were attracted.  Maybe more than you were attracted to me.”
“More than I had been attracted to anyone.  And her timing was perfect.  I had been dating a local guy.  All I got from him was a weekly fucking.  With her…”
“You married her.  And you stayed married even after you learned she was Dulcinea and was using you.”
“Yes.  And if she showed up here tomorrow, I would get in her car and go with her.  Fair warning, Deirdre.  I love her.  I always will.”
“And her boss, Orlov?”
“I let him fuck me.  Presidential Place.  He had me in a room.  He could have forced me.  But he didn’t.  I let him fuck me.  Once at night.  Again in the morning.  I kissed him.  How did I feel?  Confused, but vaguely interested.  He’s a bad man, by the way.  Hates Americans.  He is the guy behind the Quixote trolls.  He will damage our country any chance he gets.”
“He has moved on.  Still a few efforts on Quixote.  Maybe a dozen women.  All the rest have been moved on to vaccines.”
“Be careful with him.  He would love to see our kids in iron lungs again.”
“And you let him fuck you?”
“I didn’t just lie there and let him.  I grabbed his dick and pulled it in.  I yanked up my skirt, spread my legs, and pulled him in.  How are my pupils doing?  Dilated yet?”
“They dilated the minute I put you in this position.”
“I like this position.  I would like it better if you kissed me.”  Catherine pulled the blanket tighter around them.  She waited.  Finally Deirdre leaned into her and kissed her again.
“I worried about you over there.”  Deirdre lifted Catherine’s head and held her against her shoulder.  “I wanted to get you out.  Others weren’t ready.  They wanted more time to debrief Anya.”
“You didn’t have to worry about me.  The cops are pigs, but I liked my life over there.  Keeping house for Anya, and then for Vasily.  Life was simple.  I had this small piece of the world where I was allowed.  I had simple things to do.  I had people I loved.  That includes Vasily.  You haven’t asked about him.  I fell for him in Fulda.  I loved living with him in Kolomna.  I would have gladly spent my life there.  He wanted to come here to protect his daughters.  I get that.  He is a good father.  But I am a good Russian wife.  I will go where my husband goes, and live where he lives.  If he ever chooses to return to Russia, I will go with him.”
Deirdre wrapped her arms around Catherine and held her tight.  From time to time she kissed the top of her head.
“Do you want to come inside?”  Catherine looked up at Deirdre.
“Let’s just sit out here and look at the lake.”
“Deirdre, when you get back to Washington, you will have to do a psych profile on me.  I think you will be writing for days.  Let me give you the simple version.  I was lonely.  I found love.  It may have involved some odd characters and unexpected twists, but I found love.  I am a happy Russian wife living on a lake in the middle of nowhere.  Assure your people I am no risk.  When you leave, I will go inside and bake cookies for my girls.  I will hug them when they get home, and warm my husband’s bed tonight and every night.   A simple woman, living in a quiet place, with a small family.  That is what you found here.”
“Thanks, Catherine.”  A final kiss, then Deirdre walked back to her car.
Catherine sat on the glider, the blanket wrapped around her, and watched Deirdre leave.  She blinked back a few tears, but only a few.



Author’s Note:
The description of young Americans in 1930s Russia is taken from The Forsaken: An American Tragedy in Stain’s Russia by Tim Tzouliadis.  (Penguin Books, 2008).  This is not an easy book to read.  The author tells the story of the camps, the millions of Russians and the tens of thousands of young Americans who made the mistake of looking for work in Russia.  The stories are personal, and ugly.  It is hard to feel much respect for the government officials we had in Russia at the time.

Next in the Series – Gorky Park Illusions

12 FBI agents meet at a lodge in northern Wisconsin.  They lock themselves in a meeting room for a week.  When they leave, one agent stays behind - Sara.  Within a day, the Russians come for her.  They come electronically first.  Kat takes a simple drive to town and finds her bus has been hacked.  It will go where it wants to go.  Her phone starts sending her a message.  B A GD GRL.  Every piece of electronics she owns is now controlled remotely.  The internet is blocked.  Isolated on a small lake surrounded by forest, Catherine tries to protect Sara.
Within a week she and Sara are taken to Russia, back to a woman she had married years earlier.  Held in a cottage deep in the forests outside Moscow, she becomes the caretaker of a four year old girl with her own strange history.  She must protect that child and somehow get Sara back to the U.S.  

