




The Cougarette





by Eliza David

The Cougarette ©
Copyright: Eliza David
Published: 10th January 2015
Publisher: Hampton Estates Press



The right of Eliza David to be identified as author of this Work has been asserted by her in accordance with sections 77 and 78 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system, copied in any form or by any means,
electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted without written permission from the publisher.
You must not circulate this book in any format.
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30



To my family, who allowed me the space and time to make this happen. LUAAW
Prologue

“Laney?? LANEY, WAKE UP!  Holy shit! You gotta come scoop me…I really got myself in trouble now…no, he’s fine, I think. Just listen - main lobby of the Hotel Merrimont in less than 25 minutes, please?! No time for explanation right now.  I’ll explain when you get here.  I’ve ruined everything! Holy shit!  Yeah, I know and I apologize, but just get moving, bitch! Bye!”
CeeCee ended the call and threw the phone back in her bag.  She approached the elevator and hit the down button multiple times.  The doors parted and CeeCee came face to face with the one person she was trying in vain to escape.	
“Um…Hi…”  
Holy shit, indeed. 
She has to stop waking up in random hotel rooms.

Chapter 1

Life wasn’t always this action-packed for CeeCee Banks.  For almost twenty years, she was known by a different name: CeeCee Carello.  The Carellos were a picture perfect example of a family in post-racial America: black CeeCee and her Italian husband Tony – both a healthy 43 years old each, their genius teenage son Anthony (whom they lovingly called Junior) and her hot pink vibrator Mr. Jack - as in Rabbit.  One big content and colorful family.
That all changed one evening when CeeCee and Tony sat in their matching recliners and broached a subject that should have been discussed between them years ago.  CeeCee had tried to chalk up the nerve to bring it up for a while and the Women’s Health magazine article she’d flipped to was a sign.  

This was the time.  Finally.

“Tony, is there anything you’re missing from me in bed? Be honest - I can tell when you’re lying.  Your nose twitches.” 
Tony looked over the top of his wire-rimmed reading glasses at his wife. 
“Not a thing, babe.” He twitched his nose with a smirk.  
CeeCee rolled up the magazine and playfully hit Tony across the arm.  
“I mean it, goofball.  What’s missing for you? I seriously want to talk about this.”
Tony put down the sports section of the Chicago Tribune and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose.
“Ceese, c’mon! You know what your problem is?  You start readin’ these ladies’ magazines and these rags get your mind thinkin’ up all types of problems that don’t even exist.  Don’t start.”
CeeCee put the magazine down and shifted her five foot frame toward Tony, rubbing his arm gently.  
“It’s a simple question, Tony.  Are you missing anything from our marriage sexually?”
“No.  Got it.  Nothing’s missing.  You’re perfect.  Nice ass.  Nice tits. A little short, but perfect.  Happy?”
 “Okay. That’s all I wanted to know. Continue reading about the White Sox.”
Nope, not the time.  CeeCee shrugged as they both continued reading in silence.
Sixty seconds passed before Tony turned to CeeCee.
“So…what are you missin’ from me? Anything in particular?”
“No.  Got it.  Nothing’s missing.  You’re perfect.  Nice ass.  Nice tits. A little tall but perfect.  Happy?”
“Ha, ha, very funny.  Come on.  You asked me, I’m askin’ you: What are ya missin’, you little minx?”
CeeCee paused before answering.

How do I say it? 
Give me head? No, too masculine.
Perform cunnilingus? Nah. Too anatomical.
Taste my flower? God no.  He’d laugh himself to death and then I’d never get him to…

CeeCee took a breath, ready to answer.
“Well...um...I’d like for you to...to eat me out me every once in a while.  I mean, it doesn’t have to happen every time we have sex, but more often than just my birthday and our anniversary would be nice.”
CeeCee glanced over at Tony’s face.  He looked as if she slapped him with each syllable she had spoken.  
“Thanks a lot, Ceese.  Just what I need from you, more complaints.”  He yanked off his glasses, threw them on the table and went upstairs to bed. 
The beginning of the end of their marriage had been set into motion from that moment.  The sex stopped.  Conversation beyond common pleasantries became a rarity.  The passion was gone.  The spark that connected them so many years ago in college had all but fizzled out.  Tony and CeeCee were broken from one simple chat that eventually opened the door to many realizations about their marriage.  The most specific of these insights was Tony’s affair.
The same man who was offended by his own wife’s sexual requests was involved with his colleague Debbie Sawyer, another boring-as-beige accountant like himself.  CeeCee always knew.  She couldn’t deny it - phone calls taken discreetly in the den, password protection on his cell phone, lots of Home late tonight, Ceese texts out of tax season.  Who knew number crunchers kept such long hours in July? 
Although she was somewhat aware of his transgressions, CeeCee was nonetheless livid when she found out.  In an effort to reconnect, she asked Tony out on an evening movie date.  CeeCee was putting on her makeup and jewelry when Tony’s cell phone vibrated on the bathroom sink.  She looked down as she put her left earring in to read: Call me later, love. 
She picked up the device and read it over and over, hoping it would disappear and somehow not be real.  Tony walked into the bathroom, interrupting her thoughts.
“So what’s this movie you’re draggin’ me to?  I hope it doesn’t have Meryl Streep in it.  You know I hate Meryl Streep.”
When CeeCee didn’t respond, Tony’s eyes met hers in the double vanity mirror. He saw her holding his phone and knew.  
“Ceese.”
“She calls you ‘love’? Really Tony?” CeeCee threw the phone at him, which he caught against his chest.  She stormed into their adjoined bedroom with Tony following behind with a trail of classic cheater excuses. 
“I know this looks bad.  I didn’t want you to find out like this.  I’m sorry.”
“Yeah, you’re sorry all right.  Well at least I know it’s official: you’re fucking her, right?  Lord knows you aren’t fucking me, you bastard. Wait…”
CeeCee turned to face him near their bed, the bed they hadn’t made love on in the three months since their infamous discussion.
“Are you in love with her? Tony, do you love her?”
Tony ran his fingers through his hair. “No. I mean, I’m not sure…it’s…I can’t really explain—”
“You…you love her.”  
Tony stood in silence, confirming her statement.  CeeCee had always thought that he and Debbie were just having a fling.  She had no idea it was serious.  That it was love.
Upon realizing the depth of his betrayal, CeeCee reacted like any wife would after learning that their husband was in love with another woman: she threw him out of their bedroom.  Throwing him out of the house would have been preferred but it would have crushed Junior.  A 17-year-old boy needs his father, even if his father is screwing someone on the side.  Appearances were maintained for his sake - but the moment Junior fell asleep every night, Tony relocated himself to the basement’s guest room.   
One evening, Junior spent the night at a friend’s house.  With Tony exiled to the basement, CeeCee had become bored.  She decided to treat herself to a Girls’ Night Out. Her best friend Laney and her girlfriend Roxy picked her up and the trio went to a nearby piano lounge.  After a night of martinis, music and much needed laughter, CeeCee didn’t arrive back home until 2 am.  
When she walked into the house, CeeCee realized she was absolutely drunk…and absolutely horny.  She crept down the basement steps, where Tony snored away on the pullout bed.  She peeled off her red minidress and slipped out of her black pumps.  She climbed in bed and slithered her way down her husband’s body.  Tony began to stir.
“Ceese, what…what’s goin’ on?”
Her voice was slurred and muffled underneath the comforter. “I am giving you a blow job.  Now shut up, you cheating bastard.”
Tony’s body surrendered to CeeCee’s familiar touch.  The two made love for the first time in months and fell asleep in the twisted bed sheets.
CeeCee awoke to an empty guest bed and a pounding headache the next morning.  She went upstairs and found Tony cooking eggs and bacon in his robe.  She took a seat at the kitchen bar and watched him.  The scene was so familiar, so normal.  But in the light of day, the reality rushed back to her.  He cheated and was in love with another woman. Though she loved him, CeeCee realized that she couldn’t remain married to Tony.
 “I apologize for last night.  I didn’t mean for any of that to happen.”
“Ceese, don’t apologize.  This past month has been hell without you.  Last night, that revived us.  I want us to try again.  I’ll break things off with—“
“No.  No, I was wasted.  That shouldn’t have happened.”
“What are you sayin’? That you didn’t want me? You had to get drunk to fuck me?  Is that where we’re at now, Ceese?”
“Don’t you raise your voice at me. You told me you loved Debbie.”
“No, you assumed that—“
“Don’t you dare play that card!  You are fucking someone else.  You are in love with someone else.  That’s on you, not me, buddy.  Own your shit.”
Tony slammed the spatula down on the counter. “Lemme ask you somethin’, Ceese.  Did you ever think about why I’m fucking someone else?  Oh, maybe because I have a wife that cares more about her career and her dyke best friend’s lady troubles than she does about me and my needs?”
CeeCee rose from her seat to face him. “Oh, fuck you, Tony!  Don’t you dare call Laney that, you asshole.  She’s the only person that convinced me to stay married to your ass all these years, even when I knew that you were boning that mousy bitch.  And excuse me for not worshipping you every second of the day.  Excuse me for wanting to have a life outside of stroking your ego.  Poor fucking baby!”
Tony stomped upstairs as CeeCee followed.
“Debbie must think she’s won a big prize in you, huh, Tony?  Hell, she’s been making googly eyes at you for years.  Don’t think I haven’t noticed.  The whole goddamned firm’s seen it!”
Tony spun around at the top of the stairs.  “Now if only you did the same, we’d still be together.  Instead, all I get is complaints.  I don’t know how to fuck you.  I don’t fuck you enough.  You are never satisfied, never have been!  It’s always more, more, more. You drove me into her arms – don’t you get it?”
CeeCee nodded as she soaked in his words. “I need you to leave this house by tomorrow.  I want a divorce.”
Tony moved out the next day.  
One year and several mediations later, CeeCee Carello became CeeCee Banks again.

Chapter 2
As she sat in her driveway, CeeCee was preparing to enter her home as a divorcée for the first time.  She had just wrapped up the final paperwork with her and Tony’s family lawyer – yes, they shared a lawyer.  Cheapskate Tony wouldn’t have had it any other way.  An ‘amicable parting of assets’– that was the exact wording in the decree.  
Along with monthly child support and shared custody of Junior, Tony gave her the house, the Lexus SUV and three years of alimony.  He didn’t have much of a choice in the matter. Cheating husbands typically don’t have much to stand on when they have plans to shack up with their mistress before the ink dries.
CeeCee stepped out of the vehicle and walked up to her front door.  As she unlocked it, she realized it was after 4pm and she was about to face her baby boy and share the news with him that his parents were officially divorced.
It was as awkward as CeeCee imagined it would be.
“So you guys are officially divorced? The end? That’s all folks?”
“Yes.  I want you to know - again - that NONE of this is your fault and that your father and I love you very—” 
“—very much. You both love me so much, you couldn’t stay married.  Awesome.  I’m working late with Professor Brown at the lab tonight. Don’t wait up." 
Junior pushed his thick black glasses up the bridge of his nose and that similarity to his dad in that very moment silently broke CeeCee’s heart.  He grabbed his worn black leather backpack off of the kitchen counter and bolted out of the front door, slamming it behind him. 
She had been abandoned by two Tonys in one day.  Slamming doors in what used to be such a happy home.
CeeCee walked out of her kitchen and entered the living room the three of them spent so much time in. She ran her hand across the back of the couch they cuddled on together to watch hundreds of movies.  Her bare feet walked across the rug that recorded many family game nights within its’ fibers. She studied the pictures that adorned the mantel as if she were seeing them for the first time in a stranger’s house: the family portrait from 5 years ago (before Junior’s tan frame shot up 6 inches and his face grew a faint mustache), the vacation to St. Maarten where father and son both caught food poisoning from bad seafood (CeeCee ate nothing but meatless salads the entire trip in a vain effort to avoid belly bulge and rock her two-piece), the picture of Junior winning his first science fair award when he was in 6th grade.  She moved toward the two leather recliners. His and hers.  
How did they get here? This life that they built together, born from a chance encounter.
 In September 1992, Cecelia Banks was a twenty-year-old entering her sophomore year at DePaul University, a communications major.  She was waiting with hundreds of other fellow Blue Demons, looking like the 90s personified - box braids pulled into a high ponytail, a tight purple bodysuit, baggy jeans and zero makeup.  
Exhausted from a slew of ‘welcome back’ parties the night before, the last thing CeeCee wanted to do was spend hours in line to buy a stack of overpriced books.  At the precise moment she decided to turn around and go back to her off-campus apartment, CeeCee ran smack dab into a wall of man. Books and papers went flying everywhere! He bent down to collect his items as CeeCee looked down at him.
She sighed. “Faaaaaantastic.”  
“Yeah, you should watch where you are goin’.”
CeeCee scoffed down at him as her braids dangled in her face. “Yeah, YOU should watch the signs plastered all over this place that show you which direction YOU should be walking. It’s only the busiest bookstore day of the year.” 
The Wall of Man stood up with his mess of papers, pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose, looked around and clearly saw all of the yellow signs pointing in the opposite direction he was headed. 
"Oh...I see. Sorry, I’m from New York. New here. Name’s Anthony.  Tony. Call...call me Tony."
CeeCee saw his deep brown eyes, wavy black hair and five-o’clock shadow towering over her for the first time. Even though she was still slightly peeved, she couldn’t deny that he was handsome in a slightly geeky way. She could tell by the way he looked back at her that he found her attractive as well. 
“I’m Cecelia, but people call me CeeCee.”
“CeeCee. Ceese. I like that. Were you leaving?”
“Yeah.  I don’t really feel like going through the whole book-buying experience today. Probably come back tomorrow. I’m a tad hungover.”
“Wanna grab a bite to eat to soak up the liquor?  My treat, since I knocked you over.”
CeeCee smiled at his attempt to ask her out on a date. Her city girl instincts warned her not to go off with a total stranger, even a cute one.  However, she was starving and he seemed like a harmless guy.  
“Eh.  Why not?  There’s a place on Van Buren where we can grab a bite.  You down?”
Tony stared at CeeCee, a smile grew on his face. “Yeah, I’m down.”
The two left the campus and headed to Mama’s Deli, a legendary diner popular among the university crowd.  They learned a lot about each other that day as they walked the campus after lunch.  She was born and raised on the South Side of Chicago. He was from the bricks of the Bronx. Her parents dreamed that she’d be a pediatrician one day but she disappointed them by deciding to be a public relations extraordinaire instead. He came from a long line of pencil-pushing New York accountants so majoring in Finance was the only option for him. 
Although he hailed from New York, Tony was a classic Jersey Boy when it came to music - Sinatra and Springsteen. CeeCee loved Prince and only Prince. She loved trendy pop culture.  He loathed it. 
One thing Tony didn’t loathe was CeeCee’s fun-filled nature and positive energy.  He naturally smiled whenever he was around her.  Strangely enough, CeeCee loved Tony’s passion for numbers.  She never met anyone that enjoyed talking about double taxation and account depreciation like he did - two subjects she couldn’t care less about but it filled him with pride to discuss something as simple as arithmetic.  Theirs was an imperfect but functional match: his practicality balanced out her vivaciousness.
After three years of dating and both fresh out of school with bachelor degrees, Anthony Carello and Cecelia Banks were married the day after the baccalaureate ceremony at the Justice of Peace.  No rented tux. No wedding dress. They were both dressed in jeans and flannel shirts.  
Junior was born three years later. Tony always wanted more children.  He longed for a little princess with CeeCee’s sass and his smarts.  However, after barfing every day for nine months & enduring over thirty hours of natural labor with Junior, CeeCee did not want to endure pregnancy ever again - so that was that.   The established family of three moved out of their tiny studio in Downtown Chicago into a modest 3-story townhouse in nearby suburb of Hampton Estates - where they continued living happily ever after...until now.
The familiar ding of CeeCee’s cell phone brought her back from memory lane and she returned to the kitchen to rummage through her bottomless bag for the device.  There was one new email from Jones & Waterstone Public Relations Management Inc., CeeCee’s place of employment for the past two decades. Two decades of not being the “public relations extraordinaire” she ventured to be that day she spent walking the campus with her future ex-husband.  CeeCee was still a mid-level events coordinator at the firm, which annoyed her BFF/Jones & Waterstone Vice President Elaine ‘Laney’ Towns to no end. 

TO: All Corporate Events Staff, Jones & Waterstone PRM
FROM: The Desk of Fred Waterstone, CEO
SUBJECT: New Client Announcement
Colleagues, the firm is pleased to announce our multi-tiered agreement with Big Styles Entertainment, helmed by famed hip hop mogul Frank Richmond.  One of the tasks that will fall under our Corporate Events banner will be the management of vocalist/rapper Billy BadAss (formerly of the Grammy Award-winning boy band RuffStuff). Selected to manage this venture will be our newest recruit, Smith Jensen.  Please join me in congratulating Smith on his latest project.  

“Smith Jensen? He’s been with the firm less than a year and he’s managing new talent?” CeeCee screeched to herself as she read the email. Smith was a public relations ingénue, 22 and fresh out of UCLA.  He was also the apple of Waterstone’s eye.   
Unexperienced yet promoted so quickly.  Ridiculous. CeeCee deleted the email with a jealous finger stroke across her phone screen and threw it back into her bag. 
CeeCee knew she could have easily handled that project if she only put in the extra hours, but where exactly would she get that time from? Her schedule is packed with PTO, book club, getting divorced, working out...alcohol consumption.  CeeCee climbed the steps to her bedroom to have a moment with Mr. Jack before her 6 pm spin class.  
There’s a detailed preparation process CeeCee underwent before masturbating: candles, soft music, perhaps a relaxing bath afterwards.  Today, however, was a bitch.  The entire day sucked.  She just needed to get down to business.  
CeeCee located Mr. Jack in the back of her bottom dresser drawer.  She quickly undressed out of the stifling business suit she was forced to wear on a day off (divorce tends to be an event in which one needs to look professional) and laid her naked caramel body on her unmade bed.  She hit the switch on the hot pink vibrator, closed her eyes with a soft smile on her face and slowly guided it down to her...BRRRRRRING!  BRRRRRRRING!
CeeCee’s fantasies of Idris lying on top of her are interrupted by the bedroom phone.  She made a mental note to get rid of the landline ASAP.  It was one of Tony’s frustrating requests: Cell phones are OK, but every home needs a REAL phone, Ceese!  The Caller ID read that it was Laney.  
I’ll call her back later.  CeeCee closed her eyes again as the answering machine came on (another one of Tony’s outdated ideas). Laney’s raspy voice filled the room.
“Cee, pick up the goddamned phone! I called your cell and there was no answer.  I know you are home - where else would your predictable ass be on D-Day?  Certainly not out getting laid as you SHOULD be doing! I swear, if you are in there popping your puss on that damn pink stick, I’m gonna—”
CeeCee sighed and put the vibrator back in her drawer.  No Mr. Jack for her today.  She picked up the receiver while still lying naked in bed. “You’re gonna what? Come and watch?” 
Laney let loose a loud cackle. “Bitch, only if you beg me! I will never understand your fascination with those mechanical phallic symbols. Real dick is disgusting enough as it is!” 
Laney was a tall Coke-bottle curvy blonde with a mouth that would make Dice Clay blush.  She often referred to herself as a gold-star lesbian because she’s never slept with a man and had zero intentions of ever doing so.  She was always giving CeeCee a hard time about sex - especially about the fact that she hadn’t had great sex in years. 
“Wait - were you really in the middle of that?  Ew! Please tell me Junior’s not home.  You know how loud you can be.” 
CeeCee got up with the cordless wedged in between her ear and shoulder. “Of course he’s not here and I am going to spin class after I finish talking to you. After I told him the divorce was final, he stomped out of here to go work at the lab.  He’s pissed at me.  I made Daddy go bye bye. Mommy sucks right now, but what else is new....what is all that noise in the background? Where are you?”  
“Celebrating Smith’s new gig with the firm at O’Malley’s.  I am officially his boss so I had to come.  It’s a drag, but the whole crew’s here except you, Miss Banks.  Wow. Are you ready to go back to that? Your maiden name?  That is going to be weird.” 
CeeCee placed the receiver on the speakerphone base so she could get dressed. “Everything about this is weird.  It’s like, yes, I’m finally done with Tony.  Lord knows living with him has been nothing short of a nightmare - especially after you and Roxy got me all liquored up and—”
“Don’t even speak that twat’s name!  I’m done with her. For real, this time.”  
Laney exhaled over the phone.  CeeCee knew immediately that she was off of the wagon and was smoking again.  Laney and Roxy’s on-again/off-again saga of a romance had been going on for over a year.  Every time they are on the outs, Laney takes up smoking again - much to CeeCee’s health nut chagrin. Laney convinced herself that they would be a great couple if Roxy could just give up dick, specifically the one attached to her ex-fiancée Paulo. Secretly, CeeCee felt the worst for Paulo out of the entire situation. After all, it was he who caught Laney in bed with Roxy when he arrived home from a business trip. 
“No, seriously.  Done.  So, she tells me that Paulo is back in the picture.  I go, Whaddya mean back in the picture? She goes, Paulo wants get back together and I owe it to myself to try it again.  She owes it to herself. You know what I owe her?  A kick in the cunt, that’s what I owe her!”  
CeeCee was fully dressed for spin class by the time Laney finished her rant.  “Elaine, you and Roxy go through this damn near every two months—”
“Did you just call me ‘Elaine’?  Bitch...” 
“Elaine.  You two keep going around and around in this demented cycle.   End it. I know she’s like a Salma Hayek clone and you know I love Roxy, but I love you more.  You are so much better than this.  Find a new pussy to purr on.” 
“Fine.  If you want me to find a new chick, you find some new dick.  Meet me at O’Malley’s after that godforsaken spin class of yours.  All of the suits will be gone by then and this place will be brimming with hot college guys for you and bicurious coeds for me.  9 pm sharp...and don’t flake, Cee. Bye!”  
CeeCee pushed the End Call button, grabbed her gym bag and headed downstairs to the front door.  She got divorced literally hours ago and now Laney wants her to act as if she’s single again. 
Brimming with hot college guys?  Hell, I can still look.  CeeCee backed the SUV out and headed to the gym so her ass could look great in skinny jeans at O’Malley’s.

Chapter 3
Laney was right: O’Malley’s Pub was packed with people born after The Cosby Show went off of the air.  
Babies. Infants. Really hot infants dressed in tight jeggings and muscle shirts.  

CeeCee arrived a little past nine wearing something far more age appropriate: a black cap-sleeved wrap shirt and dark denim skinny jeans, paired with brown riding boots and a red caplet jacket.  She looked around and spotted her friend’s blonde pageboy haircut among the young crowd.  Laney was whispering in the ear of a shapely brunette donning a DePaul sweatshirt and black leggings. They were sitting in CeeCee and Laney’s usual spot - a dim corner booth behind rows of pool tables, reserved for women of a certain age seeking dark lighting and darker drinks.  
“You’re late, bitch, but your ass looks great. That class is good for something other than suburban refuge.”  CeeCee slid in the booth and gave Laney a hug.   The Brunette frowned and left in a huff. 
“Nice going, Carell—I mean, BANKS! I took the honor of ordering you one of those froufrou martinis you like.  It should arrive soon, although you ruined it for me with that sweet piece that just left.  God, what was her name?”
CeeCee laughed for the first time all day but Laney always did know how to make her smile though whatever bullshit life threw her way.  Shortly after CeeCee started at Jones & Waterstone twenty years ago, Laney was hired a month later.  The two became fast friends, bonding over water cooler recaps of Law & Order and Friends. This was back when Laney’s sexuality was firmly entrenched in the closet.  No one except CeeCee knew of her dating and sexual escapades with some of Chicago’s finest lesbians.  Compared to her dull suburban existence, she loved to hear Laney go on and on about the different women who came and went in her life.  
Likewise, Laney was all ears whenever CeeCee complained about the sexual droughts she experienced throughout her marriage.  She was there to talk her off of the ledge when CeeCee almost met up with her high school crush in person after they reconnected on MySpace.  Up until he confessed his affair to CeeCee, Laney was a fan of Tony’s. But now?
“Fuck Carello and his mistress! May he be impotent and may her boobs sag while yours remain upright and perky - Salut!” The pals toasted once CeeCee’s French martini arrived.  
CeeCee grimaced as tears sprang to her eyes. “Yep. Salut.”  
“Oh, Cee. I didn’t mean to be—”
CeeCee waved her hands.  “You’re fine. You’re a great, great friend as always.  It’s just...on one hand, I’m truly happy Tony and I have finally cut the cord on us.  We were dying - I know this. It’s just that...well, he has someone else and...and I’m just another divorced mom with an SUV in the garage and cobwebs in her panties! I know you don’t really get it but...”  
“Hold on, bitch! Let me assure you: being a single lesbian over 40 ain’t as fun as it seems.  All of my lezzie buddies are having civil ceremonies, adopting African babies and getting turkey basted.  And here I am, hitting on 21-year-olds and drinking in the corner with a weepy divorcée I have zero chance of sympathy fucking!” 
Laney snorted in amusement. CeeCee followed with giggles. Their raucous laughter attracted the attention of a man playing pool at the table over.
“Damn, what’s so funny, ladies?”
“Dykes.  They are hilarious, trust me!” Laney yelled as CeeCee continued to dissolve into another fit of cackles.  He walked closer to their darkened corner.  When his face came into view, CeeCee stopped laughing immediately. 
He was sex on a stick - 6”2, chocolate brown skin, muscular build, Caesar crop haircut and a dazzling smile. It was easy to tell that he wore braces as a kid, which probably wasn’t that long ago.  22, 23 max, CeeCee thought as she undressed him with her eyes.  
On the other hand, Laney was just thrilled to have an audience. “This is the elderly table. Shoo – save yourself! Go talk to that drunk sorority chick over there. Nothing but wrinkled pussy over here!”  
He looked into CeeCee’s eyes. “That’s all right. I don’t mind a few wrinkles. Name’s Jay Weston and you are...”  He reached out his hand to CeeCee, who gave hers in return.
“Cecelia Banks...and despite what my dear but drunk best friend says, my pussy is wrinkle free, FYI.” 
Jay smiled as he raised CeeCee’s hand to his soft full lips.  “I don’t mind that either.”  
CeeCee swore she felt her wrinkle-free pussy twitch when he kissed her hand.  Laney reached over CeeCee’s lap and patted the seat next to her. 
“Jay, why don’t you join us or is that pool game really all that important?”
“It’s not important anymore.  I’ll be happy to join you ladies.” Jay sat next to CeeCee.
“Good, because according to my dear but drunk best friend’s body language, you might be getting laid tonight!” 
CeeCee whipped her head toward Laney, her mouth agape. “Excuse me! First of all, I’ve had one drink,” She turned to face Jay.  “And you won’t be getting laid tonight. At least, not by me.” 
Jay smiled. “Aw see.  Y’all on that bait and hook stuff.  Not cool!” 
The trio laughed.  Jay stuck around for a half-hour before returning to his friends who were preparing to leave. Another pretty coed had come over to keep Laney occupied at the other end of the booth.  Jay leaned in closer to CeeCee.  
“You are a beautiful woman.”
“Is that so?” CeeCee took a sip of her second martini.
“It is.  I want to see you again. I mean, I dig Laney and all, but I want to get to know you one-on-one. Pull out your cell.”  
She placed her glass down and looked at him.  “Excuse me? Is this how you ask me out on a date?”  
“No. That comes later.  For now, save my number in your phone.  You will be using it in the near future. Trust.” 
Without taking her eyes off of his, CeeCee reached into her bag and pulled out her phone.  Jay nodded his head toward the device.
“Seven, seven, three, five, five, five, zero, eight, six, three.” 
CeeCee followed his gaze down into her phone screen, typed in each number and saved it in her contacts.  She wasn’t sure what had taken over her to do something so submissive, but it turned her on. Jay kissed her hand. 
“We’ll talk soon, Cecelia Banks.”
Yes, the fuck we will, thought CeeCee as she watched him leave with his friends.

“No, the fuck you won’t!” Laney said the following day at work, blowing Camel Lights’ smoke into an air filter machine at her desk.  The two buddies nursed slight hangovers with large cups of coffee, finding refuge in Laney’s massive 5th floor office, Mad Men-style.  
“Wait. Aren’t you the one who said I needed to get laid? C’mon Cee! Have some fun! Live a little!”  
Laney took a final puff and put out the glowing cigarette butt in her ashtray.  “Yes, absolutely - with a fellow forty-something, not Black Justin Bieber! Jay is a child. Probably only a handful of years older than Junior.”  
“You were flanked by a child yourself, whom you ended up taking home with you.”  
“True, but that’s just sex. You aren’t ready for that type of arrangement yet.”  Laney gulped mouthful of Scope from a trial sized bottle at her desk.  
“For your information, I remember casual sex and I had quite a bit of it before I met Tony, thank you very much.  And anyway, who is talking about sex?  I’m talking about a phone call and a dinner date. That’s it.”
Laney bent down into the nearby sink and spat out the mouthwash. “If you really think I believe this bullshit you’re spewing about a call and dinner with that chocolate thang, you must have forgotten who the hell I am.  I’ve known you forever - you can’t wait to fuck him.  Probably planning on playing with that pink stick tonight with thoughts of him.”  
CeeCee’s subsequent silence was all the confirmation Laney needed.  She grabbed her portfolio & coffee off of her desk and opened her office door.  “We have a meeting in five minutes.  Let’s go.”
CeeCee grabbed her notepad & coffee.  As they walked to the conference room together, Laney edged closer to CeeCee’s ear.
“Mrs. Robinson, here’s a nickel’s worth of free advice: No sex with a young tender. Your first fuck out of the gate should be your age. You give that fine specimen of man child some, you’ll get dickmatized - and you are too old to get dickmatized.”

Chapter 4
The arduous commute from downtown to Hampton Estates always provided CeeCee with an opportunity to reflect behind the wheel.  She waited along with hundreds of fellow hardworking suburbanites who were all returning to their homes after a long work day in the bustling city. It had been a month since her divorce has been declared final and a lot had transpired at work since that fateful day.
Two weeks into managing Jones & Waterstone’s newest client, the firm’s golden boy Smith Jensen resigned without notice after he received an offer from a marketing firm in Los Angeles. As a result, the Billy BadAss project needed a new Corporate Events Manager. Laney and CeeCee gossiped about it over lunch at Oasis Café.
“Son of a bitch got a fifty thou raise and a complete relocation package, including his choice of beachside home. Lucky bastard!” Laney bit into her falafel wrap.
CeeCee stuck a fork into her chickpea salad. “Wow. Wonder who Waterstone will pick to replace him.”
“Well, actually, that’s why I invited you out to lunch.  I think you should go for it.”
CeeCee stuttered. “M-m-m-me? I don’t think so.”
“Cee, this is the perfect opportunity for mobility.  You’ve been in the same position for—”
“Twenty years.  Yes, I know this.  I am happy with my job.”
“Happy, maybe – but are you fulfilled?  No offense, but you need to stop approaching your career the way you approached your marriage.”
CeeCee scoffed. “That’s rude.”
“Perhaps, but that’s why you love me.  I’m always gonna tell you the truth about yourself and the truth is you are more than qualified for this gig.  You are a vet at the firm.  You are a mother.  You are a hard worker and a supreme multi-tasker.  Give yourself some goddamn credit for once.”
CeeCee paused and took in Laney’s words.  Just two weeks ago, she was kicking herself for not getting the promotion.  Now the opportunity had presented itself again.  She knew she should apply, but where would she start?
As if reading her mind, Laney continued, “Besides, I already sent Waterstone an email recommending you for the position.”
“And what makes you think he’ll even consider me?”
“He won’t.  We have to make him consider you.  I’ll tell you now – it’s going to be hard work.  I am going to help you every step of the way but you gotta want it.  Do you want it, Cee?”
CeeCee smiled in response. 
Laney nodded. “Then let’s get to work.”  

The two had spent the past week turning Cecelia Banks into an event planning powerhouse that would knock the socks off of the Board of Directors during her two-day interview process.  It was no secret between the two of them that CeeCee was climbing an uphill battle; half of the Directors had mommy-tracked her years ago and the other half had no idea who she was.  All of them thought CeeCee was Laney’s secret lover, hence her leverage of snagging a spot in the first round of interviews.  After all of the training, insider information about the client and resume revisions, CeeCee gave what she thought was a pretty decent representation of her professional self.  The past two mornings were filled with questions, which exhausted her by this afternoon.
As CeeCee took the Hampton Estates exit ramp, she knew her fate was currently being decided in Waterstone’s office. Laney promised to text her as soon as the decision meeting was over.  Since she and Roxy were back on again since reconciling last week, Laney had been trying to avoid after work meetings as much as possible.  She was making an exception to vouch for her bestie.  What would CeeCee ever do without her?
She pulled into the driveway and saw the light on in Junior’s upstairs bedroom window.  His attitude had improved since the divorce. He and Tony spoke almost daily and saw each other twice a week.  They were planning a father/son camping trip before the first frost arrived; it was October and the temps had already dropped into the forties some evenings.  CeeCee walked through the foyer of their home, grateful that Tony and Junior’s relationship survived above all.  
“Junior! Come downstairs please!” CeeCee hung up her brown swing coat in the hallway as Junior’s 6’1” lanky body trampled down the steps.
“Hey Mom!  How was your day?” He kissed CeeCee on the cheek before going into the kitchen.  
“Don’t ruin your dinner now! I have no idea what dinner is yet, but don’t ruin it.”  
Junior opened the fridge. “From the looks of this, I’m guessing Domino’s is for dinner, Ma!”  He grabbed a can of Coke and sat at the kitchen bar.  
CeeCee frowned to herself as she picked up the cordless to order pizza for an unprecedented third time this week.  Late nights preparing for the interview resulted in a neglect in grocery shopping.  Her mommy guilt grew by the minute but Junior seemed happy.  In fact, he was smiling wide as he drank his pop.  She hadn’t seen him smile that much in months. 
“What are you so jazzed about?”
 “Dad called this afternoon. I think he wants to take you out to dinner.  He asked if you were busy tomorrow night and I took the liberty of telling him you were free.” 
CeeCee hung up the phone after ordering a large pepperoni pizza.  “Excuse me, young man. How do you know I’m free tomorrow night?”  
“I told him to call back later to confirm but if you must know, when Auntie Laney was over last night helping you with interview prep, I overheard her say she was going out with Roxy on Saturday night and let’s face it, Mom: she’s your only friend.”  
CeeCee slid a wine glass off of the overhead holder and took the cork out of an unfinished bottle of Malbec.  “Oh, so you were eavesdropping on grown folks’ conversations, huh? Then tell me why does your father want to have dinner with me? Trouble in accountant-loving paradise?”  
“Let’s hope so! Well, I gotta jet.”  
“And where are you going - without permission?”  
Junior grabbed his jacket and leather backpack by the front door. “Remember? Max and I are going to the Halloween sci-fi film festival at Hampton Theatre.  I asked you about this on Wednesday? I’m crashing at his place for the night - Hello??”  
CeeCee recalled it now – first no groceries, then forgetting her only child’s social schedule. She was certainly vying for Mom of The Year. 
“Oh...yeah. Well, be careful walking over to Max’s.” 
“Yes, I’ll try not to get killed walking across the street and then driving in Max’s car two miles to the theater.  Jeez, this isn’t exactly the hood!”
“Watch it, buddy! Your mother was raised in the hood. Be careful!”
“Call Dad!”  Junior closed the door behind him.
The child was growing into a man right before CeeCee’s very eyes. A year from now, he’ll be in college.  As CeeCee took another long sip at that thought, she wondered why on Earth Tony wanted to speak to her.  Besides passing the phone to Junior when he called, she hadn’t had a conversation with Tony since the divorce proceedings.  I’ll call him in another glass of wine...or two.
CeeCee slid herself into her recliner and placed her refilled wine glass on the end table.  She turned on the TV and caught a Will & Grace marathon on LOGO.
Three glasses and multiple ‘Just Jack’ exclamations later, the cordless rang.  CeeCee wavered over to the phone and looked at the caller ID screen: Tony.  She took a deep breath and grabbed the receiver out of its’ cradle. At the precise moment she slurred a Malbec-soaked ‘Hello’, CeeCee regretted that last glass of wine.  For some reason, being tipsy on the phone with her ex-husband seemed like a bad idea now. 
“Ceese. It’s Tony.  I would ask how you’re doin’ but from the sound of your voice, it sounds like you’re doin’ just fine.”  
“Tony, how can I help you this fine Friday evening?”
“Listen.  I’ve been thinkin’ about some things and I wanted to share them with you.  Are you free for dinner tomorrow night? 7 at Ricardo’s?”  
Their favorite Spanish restaurant. The restaurant where Tony proposed.
“Well, yeah...yeah, 7 at Ricardo’s works for me.  I’ll meet you there.”  
“Great. Thanks Ceese.  I....uh, have a good night.”  Click.
As CeeCee eased back into the recliner, her cell vibrated in her work bag.  She sighed and got back up to dig it out. A text from Laney:

U GOT THE JOB! Announcement on Mon. so keep it on the DL til then.
Date w Roxy tonight.  Call you tomm. Love ya and CONGRATS BITCH!

CeeCee couldn’t believe the fluctuation in emotions she had just experienced in less than 5 minutes - from drunken glee (courtesy of Jack McFarland) to drunken irritation (courtesy of her ex) to the sober realization that she has been promoted.  Holding her cell phone, CeeCee jumped up and down. 
“Cecelia Banks, you are on the come up,” She hiccupped and covered her mouth. “...and so is your wine.” she said as she ran to the kitchen sink and barfed the happiest barf ever. 

Chapter 5
When she awoke from her wine-induced slumber the next morning, CeeCee decided that if there was even the remote possibility of Tony asking for a reconciliation, she had to look stunning when she turned him down.  As much as Junior wanted them back together, she knew that what they had was past tense.  Still, that didn’t mean she couldn’t look like a million bucks when he saw her for the first time post-divorce.
Junior was so pleased to hear that they were going out to dinner when he arrived home from Max’s in the afternoon: “Mom, make sure you dress nicely.  No work clothes tonight!” 
Laney had a different suggestion altogether: “Toss a drink in the bastard’s face...no, that’s a waste of alcohol.  Water. Ice cold water.”
As CeeCee got dressed, she fantasized about how the conversation would go over dinner:

Stay with Debbie, dahling... 
But Ceese, I love YOU! I’ve come to my senses.  I can’t live without ya!
Oh Tony.  What about Debbie?  
It was a fling, a complete miscalculation. Forgive me, my little minx. 
Tony, dear sweet boring Tony.  We’re over.  Feel free to cry in your sangria.

CeeCee smiled to herself in the mirror as she smoothed out her updo of curls.  After the hell he’d put her through with his affair and the divorce, she deserved to torment him a little.  This is going to be fun – twisted and a tad passive-aggressive, but fun, she thought as she walked out of the front door.
She arrived at Ricardo’s looking - in a word - fierce.  Donning a black strapless satin dress and red Rachel Zoe stilettos, she handed the valet her keys. CeeCee spotted Tony at the bar.  He was wearing his standard date night attire - a button down with khakis.  However, she had to be honest: divorce looked great on him.  
CeeCee felt her ego deflate a little when she noticed that he had dropped at least twenty pounds. The same twenty pounds she tried in vain to get him to lose when they were together. While CeeCee was a workout devotee, Tony much rather preferred the couch to Crunch classes. 
Looks like he’s doing something with himself these days. Hmph. Interesting.
“Ceese. God, you look amazing!” Tony stood up from the bar and embraced her.  
“Me? You are half the man you used to be. What have you been doing?”
“Yeah, well, Debbie’s got me on this gluten-free diet but I’m cheatin’ tonight!” He paused, realizing the unfortunate play on words. 
As they both sat at the bar, CeeCee could tell he was nervous.  Sweat beads formed at his hairline and he didn’t quite know what to do with his hands.  After spending almost half of your life with a person, one comes to know these habits.  She decided then to drop her plans to be bitchy and just have dinner with the man.  CeeCee would still turn him down once he brought up getting back together but there was no longer a need to be cruel in her response.  
“Tony, let’s not make this uncomfortable.  I mean, we have known each other forever.  We have a child so we’re always going to be a part of each other’s lives.  Let’s just use tonight as an opportunity to wipe the slate clean and be friends.  Just friends.  Deal?”  
Tony breathed a sigh of relief.  “God, Ceese.  I am so happy to hear you say that! I mean...I was so nervous about telling you about the engagement but now...”
Time froze for CeeCee as she stared at him in disbelief. Engagement?
“...I didn’t think this was a good idea to meet at first but Debbie convinced me to tell you in person.  Ceese...I’m getting married!” 
As her mind raced a mile a minute, CeeCee realized that the best reaction would be one of grace, strength and maturity. 
“You’re getting married?”
“Yeah.  I know it seems a little fast but—”
“To Debbie? Your mistress?”
“Ceese. I know—”
“I poured myself into this dress, put on Come Fuck Me heels and you invite me, of all places, to the restaurant where you proposed to me to tell me you proposed to your mistress one month after we divorced?!”
Tony looked around the restaurant.  Heads turned as CeeCee’s voice began to gain volume.
“Not to mention the fact that you’re Mister Health Nut now.  I begged you – pleaded with you - to get off of your ass for ten years to work out and your mistress—”
Tony stood up and spoke through clenched teeth. “Ceese, you are making a scene.  People are staring.”
 “I don’t give a shit about these people or your embarrassment.  You should be embarrassed, you two-timing prick!”
Her blood was boiling and she could feel the tears coming to her eyes.  She wouldn’t dare give Tony the satisfaction.  She stood up and grabbed her clutch.
“You know what? Fuck friendship, fuck your engagement and FUCK YOU!”  
CeeCee stomped out and handed her ticket to the valet. 
Tony was marrying Debbie.  Junior would have a stepmother. 

This was not at all how she envisioned her night.  

She didn’t truly expect Tony and Debbie not to marry eventually.  She just had no idea it would happen so soon.  Things were changing for Tony and CeeCee’s life was still as stagnant as ever. She didn’t dare to look back into the restaurant’s window because the tears she had held back began to fall. As CeeCee stood there, wiping her eyes and waiting for her car, she heard a familiar voice: “Well, if it isn’t wrinkle-free Cecelia Banks.”
CeeCee slowly turned to her right and saw Jay Weston, his chocolate frame dressed in a tailored black suit and flashing that beautiful smile. He walked over and pointed to the restaurant.
“Are you okay?  I was just finishing up a drink with a frat brother of mine and I heard you all the way from the other end of the bar. You sure put on a show in there. I was almost waiting for you to throw a drink in his face.” 
“Laney suggested that.” CeeCee forced a smile as she tried to hide her embarrassment. 
“Laney...oh yeah.  I remember her.  I mean, it has been a month since I gave you my number and I ain’t heard hide nor hair from you since,” 
He looked back through the window at Tony sitting at the bar alone.  “But I guess you’ve been busy breaking hearts. You sure broke mine.”  
At that, CeeCee burst out a laugh.  
“Come on now.  Enough with the cheesy pick-up lines.  Oooh, there’s my ride. Jay Weston, a pleasure as always.”  
“One last question before you leave: Is my number still in your phone?”  
CeeCee handed a tip to the driver.  “Only because I forgot to delete it.” 
“If you wanted to delete it, you would have done it the minute I walked away from the table.”
CeeCee stepped one foot into the SUV and looked back at Jay. He certainly had her there.  Even though she didn’t have plans to contact him, she never intended to erase his number.  Everything that has happened in the past 24 hours - the promotion, Tony’s engagement, the reappearance of Jay Weston.  Was this the universe’s way of reenergizing her listless life?  
CeeCee walked over to Jay.  She leaned toward him, smelling the luscious mix of cologne and soap on his skin.
“Seven, seven, three, five, five, five, six, five, nine, two. Good evening, Jay Weston.”
CeeCee climbed into her ride.  She noticed that Jay never made a move for his cell as she recited her phone number. As she pulled off from the curb, CeeCee saw him in her rearview, hands stuffed in his pockets, smiling and staring.  
When she pulled into her driveway, CeeCee heard a buzz from her phone.  She took the phone out of her clutch and the message simply read: Good evening, Cecelia Banks.

Chapter 6
After the evening she had endured, CeeCee decided the following day that enough was enough.  It was time to put her big girl panties on and get used to her new life as a divorcee.  She sat in her recliner with her iPad and Googled ‘life after divorce for women’.  Hundreds of weblinks appeared.  She clicked on the first link entitled Embrace Divorce!  The web page was filled with anecdotal quotes, a list of motivational goals (called ED! Tips) and chat forums.  
While CeeCee had no intention of chatting with virtual strangers about the dissolution of her marriage and found the whole idea of a divorce support group rather cheesy, there were two tips on the list that caught her eye: 

ED! Tip #14 – Attempt to make amends with your former partner. 
ED! Tip #32 – Go on a date.

She acted on both, beginning with a call to Tony.  After she cooled off last night, she realized that she and Tony would never reconcile so why shouldn’t he be free to remarry?  Tony picked up his cell on the first ring.
“Ceese. About last night…”
“Yeah, last night.  I’m sorry, Tony.  I reacted out of shock and anger.”
“I should be the one apologizing.  I shouldn’t have sprung the news on you like that.  And the restaurant selection? It hadn’t even crossed my mind that I proposed to you there when I placed the reservation. I feel like such a dunce.”
CeeCee smiled.  “I accept your apology.  Things are still pretty raw between us, you know.  But I’m sure that in time, our friendship will mend.”
“God, I hope so, Ceese.  In my mind, you and I - we’re still family, no matter what.”   

Her second phone call was to Jay.  CeeCee listened to the phone ring in her ear as she waited for him to pick up.  When she heard his cool voice, she became unexpectedly turned on yet cautious.  Am I really ready to start dating again?
“Cecelia Banks. What a pleasant surprise.”
“Jay Weston.  And please, call me CeeCee.”
“Okay. So…CeeCee,”
The way my name rolls off of his tongue.  If warm honey had a sound… 
“Did you get my text last night?”
“I did. You have an excellent memory.”
“You are hard to forget.”
CeeCee giggled. “Where do you get these comebacks from? That line’s older than you.”
A beat of silence. “And just how old do you think I am?”
“Less than 43, which is how old I am.”
“You’re 43? No way.” He sounded genuinely surprised.
“Yes way. Your turn.”
Jay cleared his throat. “25.”
CeeCee paused as Jay continued. “That’s not going to be a problem, is it?”
“Is 43 a problem for you?”
“As fine as you are, you could be 73.”
As their conversation progressed, CeeCee learned that Jay was an artist who specialized in poster design.  When he wasn’t working on freelance projects, he served as a teacher’s assistant in the Arts Management department at his alma mater, Columbia College.  He enjoyed hip-hop, watching football and considered Jean-Michel Basquiat one of his heroes before it was cool to wear the late artist’s face on a t-shirt. 
Their exchange bordered between an interview process and playful banter.  CeeCee found it surprisingly easy to speak with Jay.  He was intelligent, ambitious and funny.  His maturity was a turn-on.  Even over a phone line, the sexual tension between them was palpable.
“I’m glad you called, CeeCee.  In fact, I think it was fate that we saw each other last night.”
“Oh really? Fate, you say.”
“Yes.  Otherwise, my precious phone number would still be in your cell, just rotting away.”
“I’m sure I would have gotten around to calling you eventually.”
“I’m so happy you did…because I need to see you again.”

TO: All Staff, Jones & Waterstone PRM
FROM: The Desk of Fred Waterstone, CEO
SUBJECT: New Staff Appointment
Colleagues, the firm is pleased to announce that Cecelia Banks has graciously accepted the position of Senior Corporate Events Manager.  Cecelia has been a member of the Jones & Waterstone family for almost twenty years, most recently serving as a Senior Corporate Events Coordinator.  Her first project in her new role will involve implementing the regional media rollout of Big Styles Entertainment artist Billy BadAss.  Please join us in congratulating Cecelia on her latest endeavor. 
 
It was the end of a long Monday.  CeeCee and Laney were settled in their darkened corner booth at O’Malley’s for congratulatory drinks.  Laney cleared her throat, holding up a bourbon on the rocks.
“So, in an official capacity, I am supposed to congratulate you on this promotion and remind you of the priority these tasks will need to have in your new role.  I am also supposed to give you a rundown of my expectations of you.  Blah, blah, blah.”  
“Ms. Towns, I am thrilled for this new opportunity and am eager to get started with the managing of a reckless womanizing hip hop artist who is old enough to be my son.”
“Very good, Ms. Banks. Congratulations and welcome to the Senior Management team.   Now, in an unofficial capacity – let’s get a little shitfaced.”  CeeCee clinked her martini glass against Laney’s highball tumbler.
During the cocktail hour, CeeCee recapped her weekend for Laney.  She went into convulsions of laughter as she listened to CeeCee describe her dramatic exit from Ricardo’s and raised an eyebrow at her conversation with Jay. 
“So Jay’s 25, huh? Well, that’s older than I thought. Not much older, but at least he’s not in college, Grandma.”
CeeCee furrowed her eyebrows. “Don’t make me toss this martini at you.” 
“Easy, Tiger.  That’s alcohol abuse.  So when’s the big date and where are you going?”  
“Friday night.  His place. He offered to cook for me.” 
The friends stared at each other before Laney broke the silence between them.
Laney raised her glass to her lips for a sip. “Oh really? Sounds like someone’s cougar hunting.” 
“Oh God - don’t start with that cougar talk! This is dinner and conversation only.  I’ve made this very clear to him. No coochie whatsoever.”  
“Yeah okay. He’s cooking for you, Cee. He’ll be expecting coochie in return. I know you haven’t been single in twenty years, but times haven’t changed that much.  Don’t be so gullible.” 
CeeCee frowned.  “Okay, subject change - how are things with Roxy?” 
Laney picked up her glass and spun the melting ice around.  “Actually, it’s going pretty well. She’s moving in this weekend.” She gulped down the last of her bourbon.
CeeCee’s eyes widened.  “Excuse me? And when exactly was this decision made - without my BFF Stamp of Approval?” 
“I know, I know.  I meant to run it by you but...this is the first time in a year that Roxy ever mentioned living together and I had to carpe diem the moment.  Besides, you know how my people can be.  Lesbians dating for over a year and not shacking up is against queer religion.”  
“Queer religion? She’s in love with Paulo, at least on a part-time basis. Are you sure you want to do this?”  
Laney exhaled. “Cee...I think I’m in love with her. For real, this time.  I want this. I’m sure.”  
This was the first time Laney had been vulnerable with her about a relationship in years. CeeCee reached over and hugged her pal with all of her might. 
“Oh Laney. I wish you two all the best. Truly.  I love you, babe.”  She held Laney at arm’s length. “But I’m not helping y’all move.” 
Laney laughed with tears in her eyes. “You will bring coffee, bitch.  And as for dinner on Friday, just...just be careful. M’kay?”  They embraced again as CeeCee began to wonder just how sold she was on the whole dinner-and-conversation-only idea. CeeCee was all about embracing her divorce. She could embrace something else, too...right?

Chapter 7
Between learning the ropes of senior management, moving into her new corner office and assisting Junior with his college applications (“My top three are Yale, MIT and Stanford. Nowhere else is an option.” he said at least once daily.), CeeCee had barely thought about her date with Jay.  Lo and behold, Friday arrived quickly and she hadn’t a thing to wear. 
CeeCee left the office early and dipped into Nordstrom’s on Michigan Avenue.  She snagged a pale pink wrap blouse and a pair of maroon cigarette pants.  Casual yet fabulous - perfect first date attire. She beat the after-five traffic and stopped by a wine shop near her house, placing a bottle of red in a decorative bag for an added touch.
She arrived home with more than enough time to shower, shave and get dressed.  As CeeCee called for a taxi & checked herself out in her floor length mirror, Junior appeared in the entrance of her bedroom door.  
“Hot date tonight? What’s his name? Why haven’t I been introduced?  I have questions.”  
“Yes. Jay. Because it’s nothing serious. See? I have answers.”  
Junior smirked. “This is so weird.  You’re going on a date. Dad’s marrying Debbie. Why am I the only single person in this family? I mean, Professor Brown offered to introduce me to his niece, but...” 
That grabbed CeeCee’s attention.  Junior’s life is biotechnology, Science Club and video games.  She’s never heard him even remotely mention a girl.  CeeCee picked up her black clutch and wine bag off of the bed and walked with her son downstairs.
“That sounds promising.  Tell me about this young lady.” 
“Calm down, Ma.  You aren’t marrying me off yet.  Girls are absolutely low priority in my life until I get The Letter from one or all of my Top Three. However,” 
He pulled his phone out of his pocket and logged into his Instagram account.  He showed his mother a picture of a pretty young lady with shoulder length dark brown hair and huge hazel eyes.  
“...she is kinda cute.  Name’s Candace. 17. Senior at St. Mary’s.”  
Junior slid his phone back in his pocket.  CeeCee was super excited but contained it as to not embarrass her son.  
“She’s cute.  Why don’t you ask her out? Oh...that’s right: low priority.  You are your father’s child, that’s for sure.”  CeeCee slipped on her silver flats by the door as Junior resumed his inquisition. 
“So where’s this Jay character taking you tonight?”  
CeeCee paused.  She did not want him to know that she was going to a virtual stranger’s house for dinner.  That was a can of worms she was not interested in opening at that very moment, but she didn’t want to lie just in case something happened. CeeCee decided to tell him a version of the truth.
“I’m meeting him near a Chinese restaurant downtown.  Don’t wait up...and call Candace.  She looked cute on that Instabook.” A honking taxi beckoned CeeCee.  She got on her tiptoes & kissed Junior on his forehead.
“Instagram and what time will you be home, young lady?”  
“I said don’t wait up.  Hit the cell if you need me.  Bye Dad!” CeeCee grabbed her coat and spun out of the front door.
Downtown Chicago at night was a sight to behold.  The skyline shimmered in the pitch black sky.  The epitome of bright lights, big city - the perfect backdrop for the perfect (indoor) date night.  
Highland Towers was a new apartment complex perched right in the heart of The Loop and located next to a swanky Chinese fusion restaurant.  It housed the millennial and hipster types – grad students, artists, the young & childfree upper-middle class.  She paid the driver and walked up to the front desk of the lobby.  Asking for Mr. Weston, she was directed toward an elevator sending her to the 34th floor.  
CeeCee did a last minute check in the mirrored elevator car: Makeup good, hair curly and frizz free, boobs perky, ass poking, tummy sucked in.  CeeCee Banks was on her first first date in over twenty years. 
She looked for the door marked 3407.  She exhaled, shook off her remaining nerves and knocked on the door.  When Jay opened the door, CeeCee almost fainted. He looked incredibly sexy in a red and grey striped sweater and fashionably-torn dark denim jeans. The smell of his cologne mixed in with the sautéed chicken so well. 
“CeeCee Banks.  You look exquisite.” 
“Thank you. Here’s a bottle of Pinot Noir. Thought that would go well with your Chicken Marsala. You look very handsome yourself.”  
He flashed a smile as he took the wine bag from CeeCee, brushing her hand softly in the exchange.  “Please come in so I can give you the grand tour.”
The living room of Jay’s apartment was adorned with a variety of framed movie posters. He mentioned during their phone call that he majored in Graphic Design and fell in love with the creation of film illustrations. 
“It’s a mix of some of my favorite movie posters - Trainspotting, The Social Network, West Side Story - and a few of the creations I’ve worked on with some local independent films.” 
One of the posters caught CeeCee’s eye.  It was an abstract painting of a pool that blended into an image of a river.  The artistry was so seamless, so symbolic.  Jay noticed as CeeCee stared in awe.  
“That’s a poster I did for a local film called The Deep End.  The movie is about—” 
“—two high school swim champs battling a meth addiction.  One of the characters drowns in a river.  My son and I went to see a screening of it at the Hampton Theatre last summer and the poster absolutely intrigued me. Wow.” 
CeeCee turned away from the poster.  “You are truly talented. Seriously.” 
Jay nodded once. “Thank you kindly.  I really appreciate it. Are you hungry?” 
CeeCee ignored the innuendo that swam in her head.  “Starving.”
Jay’s kitchen was a slice of culinary heaven. CeeCee marveled at the variety of cooking gadgets and gizmos sprawled all over. 
“You really like cooking, huh?” 
Jay placed the wine bag on a cutting board & went to the stove to continue stirring.  
“Love it.  Always have.  Only problem, as you can see, is that I am a product junkie in the worst way.  No man needs three Panini makers.”  
CeeCee chuckled as she picked up the electric corkscrew on the counter and opened the bottle of red.  She grabbed two wine glasses from an overhead rack. 
“See now, I could never have enough of these wine racks.  I have two in my kitchen.  Hell, I need one in my bedroom!”  
Jay turned off the burners and set the stove to warm.  He walked over to the counter as CeeCee handed him a poured glass.  They toasted and took a sip.
“Speaking of bedrooms...would you like to see mine?” 
CeeCee raised an eyebrow.  “Again with the pickup lines.  You cannot be serious.”
Jay put his glass down with his hands raised in surrender.  “Only because I promised you a grand tour of my apartment.  I never go back on a promise.” He flashed That Smile again.
“Sure. Show me your bedroom.”
Jay’s boudoir was an intoxicating sight: dark red walls, soft chocolate brown silk sheets draped over a king sized bed and the smell of Nag Champa enveloped the room.  Jay stood behind CeeCee in the doorway.  CeeCee could feel the heat emanating from his body.  It was a magnetism that was turning all of her first-date rules into distant memories.
“Wow.  This is quite the bedroom, Jay Weston.”  
He turned her around to face him, lifted up her chin and looked into her eyes.
“You are quite the woman, Wrinkle Free Cecelia Banks.”  
CeeCee let out a soft chuckle before Jay engulfed her mouth with a kiss. Her mind was thinking a thousand things at once as they moved toward the edge of his bed.  What the hell am I doing? 
After he released her from his kiss, she sat on the bed.  Jay removed his sweater, revealing his bare chest.  He had the swollen pecs and washboard abs of a man who had yet to see the age of thirty and had spent a fair amount of time in the gym.  
CeeCee found her hands moving their way slowly up his rippling torso. As she explored his body, there was little doubt about what the hell she was doing.  He let out a deep exhale as she stood up and wrapped her hands over his shoulders.  She pulled his neck down and returned his kiss with twice as much abandon. 
Their hands furiously found each other’s zippers and their pants fell to the floor. Jay stood massively at attention through his tight black boxer briefs. CeeCee was taken aback.  She wasn’t used to such girth in her former life.  She looked down at him poking through. It was impossible for her to take her eyes off of it. 
That is supposed to go inside of little ol’ me?
Jay panted as CeeCee stared at his erection.  “Everything OK? We can stop if you—” 
Without response, she took off her shirt in one swoop over her head, took his mouth again and slipped her hands inside his briefs. Jay moaned through their kiss as she caressed him.  CeeCee felt him grow even longer in her hands as Jay stepped out of his briefs and slid her onto his inviting bed.
They climbed each other’s bodies, feasting on every inch in a fervor. His touch, so unfamiliar yet it was as if he’d known CeeCee’s every curve for years.  She responded to him instinctively, positioning herself underneath Jay’s naked lithe body.  He pressed himself up over her, his muscular arms holding up his Adonis-like frame. He looked succulent in the candlelight.  
As she rubbed his chest, Jay stared at her for a second before slowly he moved himself down in between her legs. His expert mouth explored her as he lightly flicked her pearl and swam waves inside of her.  She could feel the heat building in her center, her hips rising to meet his mouth with every motion of his tongue. His fingers began to probe her wetness as he continued to feast on her.  CeeCee’s body trembled as she climaxed for the first time without the assistance of battery-operated machinery in a year.  She shivered with delight as Jay continued tasting her throughout her orgasm, rubbing his head as he went deeper into her essence. 
Her legs shook as he raised himself over her and reached for a condom on his nightstand. Jay bent over her, sucking her neck as he pressed against her tightness.  CeeCee winced, feeling the pressure as his immense shaft entered her. Jay slowly moved over her as she moaned his name.  He grabbed the brass headboard, giving himself the leverage to move faster and right against her G spot.  His hips slammed into her as she held onto his broad shoulders. CeeCee’s second wave came hard as she scratched his chest, her breasts bobbing against his movement.  The sensation of her nails on his body combined with CeeCee swelling around him made Jay call out her name in sensual agony.  
He laid down as CeeCee straddled his beautiful body.  Jay cupped both of her caramel breasts, took her left nipple into his mouth while he circled his thumb around the right one, sending CeeCee into a frenzy. As he suckled her breasts, she positioned herself over him.  Once he was firmly inside her, CeeCee rotated her supple hips in smooth figure-8 swirls.  Jay lowered himself down on the bed, his head rolling back.  He clutched her trim waist, bouncing her up and down on top of him as he groaned like a savage. She felt his tension grow inside of her. Together, they moved in cadence with the heat pulsating from their bodies.  CeeCee hadn’t felt a sexual connection like that in years.  Something so raw, so animalistic.  
As she continued riding Jay, CeeCee forgot all about her age-gap ambivalence.  She forgot that she was a divorcee. She forgot about all of the aspects of her life that kept her bound in the past.  In that moment - as she finally reached climax for a third time - CeeCee’s body and mind simultaneously let go of her inhibitions and insecurities.  Jay rose up, flipped her onto her back and pounded her as he pinned her legs back with his shoulders. He commanded her body like no one had before, his rough gyrations controlling her every urge.  It was awakening every dormant cell of CeeCee’s sensuality.  As his movements speed up, Jay exploded with a primal growl. They kissed while he remained pulsating inside of her.  
Jay looked into her eyes as he panted.  “So…you like my bedroom?”
She nodded slowly in response.  CeeCee the Cougar was officially hunted.

Chapter 8
Since they were both too exhausted to sit upright after their hour-long session, dinner was moved into the bedroom. Jay turned on the electric fireplace and served CeeCee reheated chicken and roasted potatoes.  CeeCee wore Jay’s oversized Atlanta Falcons football jersey while he wore a terrycloth robe that matched the ruby-colored walls.  The two continued getting to know each other as they dined in bed. Jay began. 
“Although I’m from Atlanta, I was born in Chicago.  I was two when I moved to the ATL after I was adopted by my parents.  My birth mother was a heroin addict, died from an overdose.”
“And your birth dad?”
“Wasn’t in the picture.   When I moved back to Chicago, I tracked him down.  We’ve talked a couple of times and aren’t as close as I’d like us to be but...it’s a work in progress, ya dig?”   
From a young age, Jay’s parents encouraged his passion for art.  He attended a top notch fine arts academy during his high school years and had all of the latest technology at home to pursue his passion for graphic design.  Both in their late 70s by the time Jay graduated high school, the couple died of natural causes within months of one another.
“They sacrificed so much for me.  Invested in my talent. Wish they were here to see what I’ve accomplished, but I know they are up there watching.” He smiled to himself. 
After his parents passed away, he sold their family home and used that money and a scholarship award to move to Chicago and attend Columbia College.  Upon graduation, he used the college’s alumni mentor program to get referrals for artwork.
“Started by designing posters for local theater companies in the city – Steppenwolf, Victory Gardens, Lookingglass.  One of my Columbia mentors told me about a movie poster contest.   I entered it and won first place.  My artistic path was set from then on.”
After finishing dinner, they laid on the floor next to the fireplace with glasses of Pinot as they discussed that inevitable topic: past relationships.
CeeCee took a sip.  “I don’t even know where to start with my marriage.”
“Let’s play Questions.”
CeeCee raised an eyebrow. “Questions?  Like the game in high school?”
Jay nodded. “I’ll start – how long were you married?”
CeeCee bit her lip. “Twenty years. My turn – how long was your longest relationship?”
“Three years with my high school sweetheart Tiana back in Atlanta.  My turn – why did you get divorced?”
“He was sleeping with his mistress, and now they are engaged.” CeeCee took a long gulp of wine, finishing the glass.
“Damn!  No wonder you were giving him the business at Ricardo’s that night.”
“I gave him the business in divorce court, too.  Got the check stubs to prove it but anyway, my turn – why did you and Tiana break up?”
Jay exhaled. “Tried to make it work once I came back to the Chi for college.  Needless to say, we didn’t make it.  Distance is the ultimate relationship killer.  My turn – what’s the chances of you ever getting back with your ex-husband?”
CeeCee looked into Jay’s eyes. “We are over. O-V-E-R. Period.”
Jay smiled as he placed his glass down. “Good. Game over.” He leaned over and the two kissed sensually, which led to another hungry session of lovemaking. 
After spending another hour wrapped in each other, CeeCee decided she needed to leave and got dressed.  It was almost midnight - Junior would freak out!
Jay walked CeeCee to the door.  She leaned against the entryway and felt the need to say the most clichéd sentence anyone would say after engaging in first date sex.
“I’ve never had sex on the first date.”  
“Honestly, me neither. I just had to have you.  I had to have you from the moment I saw your face.”
“You are my first date and my first sexual encounter since my divorce.  I’m not all that familiar with one night stand etiquette these days, but I’m guessing we’re done here, right? Wham bam.” 
Jay shook his head as he pulled her into his embrace.  “Mmmmmm, this ain’t no one night stand, Cecelia Banks. It may not be the case right now or next week...but you will be my woman. Trust.” He lowered his head and gave her a slow and deep kiss that almost made CeeCee’s knees buckle. 
“You do remember how old I am, right?”
“43. And I’m 25.  Your point?”
“That doesn’t scare you? I mean, mind blowing sex is one thing. But could you honestly be in a relationship with an older woman? A divorced older woman with a teenage son, no less?  You need to give that some serious thought.”
Jay looked down at CeeCee, biting his lip with a nod. “You’re right.  I’ll give it some thought if you’ll meet me here again tomorrow night.” 
“Tomorrow night? Sure.” She reclaimed his mouth with a sensual kiss.  
“You need cab fare?” Jay whispered after she released his mouth. 
“No, I’m a big girl,” CeeCee brushed his full damp lips with her thumb. “Plus, it would be a little prostitute-ish to take money from you after what we did.”  Giving him a final kiss, she left his apartment.
As she walked down the hall, CeeCee heard him yell, “GOOD NIGHT, WRINKLE FREE CECELIA BANKS!” as the elevator doors parted.  She laughed all the way down thirty-four floors.
*****
“So, CeeCee, here are the stats: Billy BadAss, formerly of the R&B/hip hop trio RuffStuff, is launching a full multi-media campaign focused on his first solo effort.  It will target all of the urban markets in the Midwest – Cleveland, Detroit, Milwaukee, Gary and Chicago,”
“Controversy surrounds the 22-year-old: multiple DUI arrests, a fight last year with one of his former group members at Toxic nightclub in South Beach - for which he was subsequently jailed for 2 months because it was a violation of his DUI probation, as well as a rehab stint at Promises in Malibu.  He makes Chris Brown look like Steve Urkel,”
“Your job is to put together a drama-free, violence-free event at downtown’s Club Bangers that includes a meet-and-greet and a listening party that features tracks from his soon-to-be-released album The Bad Boy Chronicles: Volume One. Any questions?” 
CeeCee was seated across from Laney’s desk, typing notes on her laptop.  This was her first one-on-one meeting with Laney in her new role.  
“Yes - when do I get to meet this young man? If I am going to try to sell his album and rehaul his image, I think I should have a conversation with him.”  
Laney walked over to her whiteboard, filled with scribbles only she could decipher.  
“Let’s see…he’s scheduled to come to Chicago for the Club Bangers party in early December.  He wants to get it done before Christmas in order to catch the holiday shoppers fresh and top of mind.  So, yep.  That’s when you’ll meet - about four hours before the party.”
CeeCee’s shoulders fell.  “Seriously? I know nothing about this kid.” 
“Bitch, I just told you his police record.  Start with that.”
CeeCee frowned as Laney continued.  “See, that’s the thing about being Senior Management.  You have to make something out of nothing most times, especially when it comes to event planning.  At least I gave you some gossip - some Managers just get a budget and a venue.  Use this information and other resources in your planning.”
“Resources?”
“You have a teenage son in Billy’s demo.  Ask him his thoughts about his image.” 
CeeCee straightened up in the chair.  “You’re right.  I think I know where I’m going with this.  I’ll have a draft of the event order done and in to you within two weeks.”
Laney unbuttoned her suit jacket as she sat back down. “Fantastic. Now can we get to a far more interesting topic: Mr. Weston. Did you fuck him? This is a yes or no question.” 
CeeCee sat with a smirk on her face. “Several times.”
Laney gasped. “Whaaaat?”
CeeCee nodded as her smirk grew into a full blown toothy smile.
“You slut!  Was it good? Of course it was good.  He’s a fucking stallion!” 
“It was amazing. He did things to me that, that—”
“That Mr. Jack can’t do? Or Mr. Tony, for that matter.  No wonder you didn’t call me all weekend.  You were boo’d up!” 
“I was not boo’d up.  I technically spent one evening with him.  I went home after the first date on Friday like a good girl, but yes.  I spent the night with him on Saturday.  Didn’t leave his bed until Sunday afternoon.”
“Sweet Jesus.”
After reviewing the finer details of her weekend, CeeCee awaited her BFF’s final word. 
“Well, bitch - spill it.  I know you have opinions.” 
Laney leaned back in her desk chair. “Where do you see this going? Would you ever introduce him to Junior?”  
“God no! I am so not thinking that far ahead.” 
“Well, I think you should.  Jay’s made it pretty clear that he plans on sticking around.  The question is, do you want him sticking around?”

Winter arrived in Chicago and the holidays were fast approaching.  With the help of CeeCee and Tony’s constant edits and advice, Junior submitted his college applications right before the December early admission deadline, yet his mind raced with anxiety.  He shared his worries after dinner almost every night since mailing them off.
“When should I expect acceptance letters? What if I get rejected by all three? Jeez. I’ll have to go to…DePaul.”
“And what’s wrong with your parents’ alma mater?”
“Nothing but I was made for Ivy League. It’s my destiny.”
CeeCee laughed as she emptied the dishwasher. “You’ll get in all three, baby. Mama knows.”
At Jones & Waterstone, CeeCee was hard at work preparing for Billy BadAss’ coming out party (her secret nickname for the event).  Laney was impressed with her initial draft of the event order, as was Frank Richmond - the CEO of Big Styles Entertainment.  Unfortunately, Billy got arrested for reckless driving two days before the party and CeeCee’s event got pushed back until after the New Year. She was relieved. This gave her more free time to spend with Jay.
Once she was certain that things between she and Jay were getting serious, CeeCee took a huge step and introduced him to Junior over dinner out one night. The two hit it off immediately, much to CeeCee’s delightful surprise.  Junior went on about him as they drove home.  
“I think it’s awesome that Jay’s an artist.  He told me he met the programmer of Revenge at an art show once.”
CeeCee smiled.  “Really?  Your favorite video game.”
Junior nodded. “Yeah.  He’s pretty cool.  I like him.”
Silence.  “Ma, did you know that he’s only eight years older than me?”
“Yes.  Is that a problem?”
“No.  I think it’s hilarious.”  He laughed as CeeCee blushed all the way home. 
The couple were seeing each other frequently, speaking or texting daily and CeeCee spending at least one night a week with Jay.  The sex got more and more incredible every time. Between CeeCee’s curiosity and Jay’s skillful touch, neither of them could get enough of each other.  
She was hesitant about using the L word with him.  While they got along well, had a lot in common and were sexually compatible, the eighteen years between them was a yellow light blinking in her head, urging her to proceed with caution.  She was always worried that Jay would eventually see this as a fling, his MILF phase.  
Jay was the first to say it on New Year’s Eve. They chose to avoid the party crowds and stayed in, making love for hours.  They were naked in his bed, spent and wrapped in his sheets as the fireplace roared and candlelight flickered shadows on the walls. 
“Be my lady, CeeCee. Now I know you are scared. You have a lot going on with Junior, your career.  I know I’m the first guy you’ve dated since your divorce.  I get that.  I want you to know that this is new for me, too.”
“Jay, you don’t have to—”  
“Baby, let me finish, please.  You make me feel like the person I didn’t even know I could be.  I remember on our first date when you stood there, gazing at The Deep End poster in admiration.  That was the moment that I fell in love with you.  I’m in love with you and I love you, CeeCee.”  
They kissed as she whispered against his lips, “I love you too, Jay”.  The clock struck midnight as they rolled over and made love again before daybreak.  

She was his woman and it made her feel alive for the first time in years.  Cecelia Banks felt like she was on top of the world.  If only she had foreseen the shitstorm that awaited her in the New Year.  Things in her life were about to go from fantastic to fucked up in a single click of a camera lens.

Chapter 9
“Happy Valentine’s Day, sweetness.”
CeeCee raised her champagne flute to meet Jay’s. “Happy Valentine’s Day to you, baby.”
They clinked glasses, ending a delicious four-course dinner at Yuzu, a five-star sushi restaurant in The Loop.  CeeCee took a sip of bubbly. “The sashimi here was divine, but I’d like some dessert.” 
“I already bought you a high class meal.  What more do you want from a Brotha?”
“Hmmmm, you know what I want, but for now I’ll take a latte and a scone.  My treat.”
“Oh, best believe you’ll be getting what you truly want, but I’m up for some coffee first.  There’s a café on Jackson we can go to.  About a five minute walk. Let’s bounce.” He paid the check and the two left the restaurant, stepping out into the brisk winter air.
Dressed in a black wool coat, Jay held CeeCee’s hand as they walked down the block.  CeeCee pulled her thin red trench coat tightly to her body.  He pulled her closer to him.
“You need to have on a warmer coat, tryin’ to look cute.”
“I’m not cold, but I would like to get to the warm café.  Can’t you move those big feet any faster?”
“Enjoy the walk.  Patience, Daniel-Sun.”
CeeCee looked up at him. “Were you even born when that movie came out?” 
Jay chuckled. “For your information, yes I was.  Karate Kid Three, anyway.”
“Lord have mercy.”
The two laughed as another couple walked toward them.  CeeCee looked up to see their faces: Tony and Debbie. For some reason, she became nervous.  She felt as if she had been busted by her parents with a boy they disliked.
“Ceese. What are you doing out here?”
“Hi Tony. We’re on our way to get coffee. How are you?”
Debbie looked even more nervous than CeeCee felt. “Debbie.”
“Cecelia.”
CeeCee fought back a scowl as Jay cleared his throat. 
“Oh, Tony, Debbie.  This is my boyfriend Jay.”
Jay stuck out a leather gloved hand which Tony took in a manly shake. “Nice to meet you, Tony.”
“Same here, Jay.  Junior’s told me all about you.”
“Yeah, he’s a great kid. Super smart. He’s waiting on those acceptance letters.  Watching the mail like a hawk.”
CeeCee froze.  Jay had been spending several nights at her house lately.  She was afraid this would be revealed from his comment about the mail. Tony’s face registered that he assumed as much.
“So, what are you two doing out in this cold?  Debbie and I are on our way to the theater on the corner to see that Cusack movie, Drifter.”
Debbie chimed in. “Yes, we hear it’s a great film.”
CeeCee smiled as she pointed her clutch at Jay’s chest. “We went to a private screening of it last month.  Jay did the artwork for the poster. Shadow of a man holding a rifle?”
Tony’s eyes widened. “Really? Wow, that’s…wow.  That flick’s been nominated for a bunch of awards. Cusack’s up for Best Actor at the Oscars.  You are kind of a celebrity.”
CeeCee was surprised Tony even knew what the Oscars were. 
“Oh, I wouldn’t say I’m a celebrity but work has definitely picked up for me.”
After a beat of uncomfortable silence, CeeCee spoke up. “Well, Tony, Debbie.  Great seeing you.  Enjoy the movie.”
“Yeah, see ya Ceese.  Jay, pleasure to meet you.”
“Same here.”
The couples set off in opposite directions.  As soon as Tony and Debbie were out of earshot, Jay said, “So, that was interesting.”
“Wasn’t expecting to see those two out.”
“Well, it is Valentine’s Day.  Tony’s pretty much what I expected. Reminds me a little of Ray Liotta.”
“You know who Ray Liotta is?”
“Of course.  I create movie posters and I’m a film buff.  He starred in one of the greatest mob movies of all time.”  
CeeCee chuckled. “Tony’s no Goodfella, let me assure you.”
Jay looked over at her. “I could tell by the way he looked at you that he misses you.”
“Well, I don’t miss him.” She stopped walking and touched Jay’s cheek. “You are all the man that I need.”
Jay smiled. “Isn’t that a Whitney Houston song?”
“Please tell me you were around when that came out.”
Jay nodded as he pressed his forehead to CeeCee’s. “I think I was in preschool.”
CeeCee sighed. “Jesus.  Kiss me, you child.”
*****
The Bradley High School gymnasium was bustling with action.  It was the annual - and Junior’s final - high school science fair.  Model planets and colorful project poster board displays surrounded the attendees as they waited for the award ceremony to begin.  Tony and CeeCee walked side-by-side, taking in all of the exhibits and reminiscing about their son’s experiments over the years.
“Remember his very first fair? His project was extracting—”
CeeCee snapped her fingers in remembrance.  “DNA from an onion!” 
The two laughed, tears welling in their eyes. 
“Damn kid had the house smelling like Old Italy for two weeks afterwards.” 
“No, but the worst - hands down - was when he combined salt and sugar and then he created a device to separate the grains. Remember that? To this day, I test taste whatever comes out of the salt shaker when I cook!”
CeeCee looked around at the student creations with a sad smile. 
“His last one, Tony.  I just, I can’t believe our baby is going off to college.” 
“Yeah.  Just four months until graduation.”
Junior spent a month in the school lab planning and building his senior project: transforming a run-of-the-mill houseplant into biofuel.
“Ma, this has First Place written all over it - trust me!” he had pleaded when he asked CeeCee for $200 to fund the project.  She had no worries and gladly invested in his enthusiasm - while praying he wouldn’t blow himself and the school up in the process. Thankfully, Professor Brown was supervising the whole time with a helping hand. 
CeeCee and Tony spotted Junior at his booth conversing with his mentor while he set up his display.  Tony waved over at the duo. 
“Ceese, listen. I know you and I didn’t work out but we did get one thing right. That kid right there.”   
“Yep, that made it all worth it for me.”
She was proud of the healthier place she and Tony were in these days. Although last week’s encounter with him and Debbie caught her off guard, CeeCee would always consider Tony as one of her closest and dearest friends.  She hugged his arm as they walked toward Junior’s booth. 
CeeCee’s cell rang.  She immediately knew it was Jay. Finding her phone in her bag, she excused herself from Tony, found a vacant booth to sit in.
“Hey baby.  I’m still at Junior’s science fair. What are you—”
“Oh, with Tony?” His voice was laced with jealousy...and cognac, if she had to guess. She could practically smell it through the phone.
Ever since Drifter had become an Oscar contender, Jay had been under increased pressure from his agent to produce artwork drafts for several upcoming movies, thus his increased Courvoisier consumption. 
“I see you’re starting the night off right.”
Ice tinkled in the background.  “I’m sitting on this couch, hard as a rock, waiting for you. And where are you? Out with your ex-husband—”  
“—at our son’s science fair.  You know, his kid. He sorta needs to be here, too. Jay, put the yak down and have a cup of coffee.  You don’t sound well at all.”  
She heard the glass land on a table with a thud. 
“Damn woman! Why so serious? I’m just playin’. Come through when you get done with...Tony.” 
“Must you say his name like that? Why are you so jealous? I already told you once – he and I are over. Dunzo.” 
“Fine, fine.  Come see me.”
“And why should I come see your drunk ass?”
He grumbled. “Because I wanna taste you.” 
CeeCee looked around the gym as if someone passing by the empty booth could hear his advances over the phone. 
“You won’t be tasting shit until you get that attitude together.”
She heard him take another gulp. “I apologize.  Now get your fine ass over here.”
“Give me an hour but be warned. I can’t spend the night because I’m running the Billy BadAss event tomorrow.  Is your parking space open for me? I’m driving.” 
“Absolutely.”
CeeCee stepped out of the booth. “I’ll be there.” 
“I’ll be naked.” 
CeeCee pushed the End button with a smile and put the phone back into her purse. She had to admit: Jay’s passion was a turn on, even when it was alcohol-induced.  He was the polar opposite of Tony in that respect.  Had that been her ex-husband, he would have called to ask her to pick up a six-pack on the way home. 
She made her way back to Junior’s booth as a voice boomed over the loudspeaker.
“Parents and students! We are ready to announce the Senior Class winner of the Bradley High School Annual Science Fair.  The winner is.... Anthony Carello, Jr. with his entry, Power Plants: Transforming Greens into Gas.  Congratulations, Anthony! Let’s give him a hand!”  
The crowd cheered and the foursome inside Junior’s booth jumped for joy.  Junior’s face lit with glee as the finality of the moment dawned on CeeCee.  Her baby had grown into a handsome and extremely intelligent young man.  Her eyes welled with bittersweet tears as Junior went onstage to accept his trophy and certificate.  
She reached over to touch Professor Brown’s arm.
“Stanley, thank you so much for everything you’ve done for our son over the past four years.  Tony and I cannot thank you enough for the guidance you’ve provided.”  
Stanley Brown was every inch the adorable middle-aged geek with slightly graying hair, black-rimmed glasses and, yes, a real-life pocket protector.
“Cecelia, Tony, I thank you both.  It’s easy when you have a student of Anthony’s intellectual ability and such a wide capacity to learn. He’s a sponge for knowledge and, not to mention, he’s got a helluva sense of humor.  That is required yet rare in my field!”  
The three laughed as Tony said, “Yeah, he definitely gets the wisecracking from Ceese!” Stanley chuckled, pausing for a minute as he looked at CeeCee as if seeing her for the first time.
“An amazing mother...and father. Anthony’s very fortunate to have you both in his corner.” 
He looked down at his shoes with what looked like an air of sadness to CeeCee.  Junior bounded over with complete elation. 
“First Place! Told ya, Ma!”  
CeeCee hugged her son tightly.  “Never doubted you for a minute, baby!”
After breaking down Junior’s booth and hauling his display into the SUV, Tony and CeeCee shook hands with Stanley and left with Junior.  He walked ahead of his parents to chat with a group of friends.  Tony leaned toward CeeCee.
“You know that Stanley’s always had a thing for you.”
“No way.” 
“Yes way. Look at yourself.  Who wouldn’t?  Dah well.  Too bad you’re with Jay now.” 
CeeCee rolled her eyes as they left the gymnasium.  
Since father and son planned to spend the weekend together so CeeCee could dedicate hers to the event, she dropped them both off at Tony’s condo and hustled over to Jay’s apartment.  She parked the SUV in his spot, buzzed in the back entrance and found herself at his front door in what seemed like seconds.  Even though their conversation had turned her off initially, her body was hungry for him.  She couldn’t deny it.
Jay opened the door in his robe, eyes lowered and holding a cognac on the rocks for CeeCee. He smelled amazing - a mix of soap, brandy and sex.  Handing her the drink, Jay silently opened the door wider for her to enter. 
CeeCee walked into the dim living room as she took a sip and licked her lips.  
“Thank you.  I’m surprised that you saved me some.  Did you get your atti—” 
She paused as she turned and saw Jay standing by the closed door, his robe opened & exposing his magnificent body, his sizable manhood protruding. 
CeeCee smirked. “Naked as promised.”  
Jay walked over to her and took the glass out of her hand. Dropping his robe to the floor, he pulled her close with an arm around her waist as he captured her mouth. CeeCee could taste the cognac on his tongue and it turned her on even more.
He released her from his embrace and took a sip from her glass before putting it on the coffee table beside them.  
“Get on your knees,” he growled.
CeeCee bit her lip.  She trailed his firm chest and stomach with kisses as she slid to the floor.  She licked him from shaft to tip, consuming him whole as he moaned roughly. She suckled him slowly, then faster as Jay entangled his hands in her hair and caught her rhythm with his hips.  Once she knew he was close, CeeCee released him from her mouth and worked his soaked hardness with her hand.
“You still mad?” She looked into his drunken dark eyes as she massaged the head with her thumb.   
Jay picked her up and pushed her up against the wall right next to his framed The Dark Knight movie poster.  He hiked up her slate grey dress and he moved his hands up her thighs.
He began kissing her neck as he whispered in her ear. “No panties, huh?”
“Left them in the car.  Didn’t think I’d need them.”  CeeCee moaned as she grabbed his shoulders.
He reached two fingers inside of her as he massaged her bud with his thumb. She wailed as she felt the heat rise in her center. Jay kept his eyes locked on her hers as she came on his hand. He took his fingers out and sucked them while still looking deep into CeeCee’s eyes.  
Jay went to his knees and placed her legs on his shoulders.  He devoured her as CeeCee rubbed his head, grinding her hips against his face.  He dug his fingers into her thighs as he plunged his tongue into her flesh, bringing CeeCee to her second climax. No one made CeeCee reach her peak faster than Jay - ever. 
He placed her feet back on the ground, spun her around and entered her hard and fast.  Grasping her hips, Jay grunted with every thrust.  He fucked her with an animalistic passion he hadn’t shown before.  
CeeCee clawed the wall as she whimpered his name. Jay began to speed up as CeeCee reached her third wave. He grabbed her hair as she arched her back in ecstasy.  He posted his other hand against the wall, pumping CeeCee as he growled at the top of his orgasm.
Breathing heavily, they both slid down the wall and came to rest on the floor.  After a pause, Jay raised himself up. 
“You needed that reminder.  I’m your man.  Not Tony.”  
Jay left CeeCee on the floor in her disheveled dress as he retrieved his robe and put it back on.  He picked up her glass, drank the rest of the cognac in one swallow and slammed it back on the table. 
“A reminder? Are you fucking insane?”  
CeeCee walked up to him where he was standing by the couch.  When he refused to turn around to face her, she yanked his arm to turn him around. 
“What the hell is going on with you?  You call me completely wasted, you fuck me and then leave me on the floor like a tramp. What happened to you today?”  	
He stared at her with immense hurt in his eyes.  
“Junior is so lucky to have a father that cares about him.  Does he realize that?”  
Jay released his arm from CeeCee’s grasp and walked to the brown bottle on his coffee table, taking a long swig.  
“Shit…mine won’t even see me.” He chuckled to himself as he stared off into space & plopped down on his couch, holding the bottle.  
CeeCee walked over to the couch and gently took the bottle out of his hands.  She placed it on the table and sat with him. 
“Babe, I don’t know what happened between you and your father today.  My day got away from me and I wanted to touch base but now, I wish I had reached out to you earlier.”  
“Wouldn’t have changed a damn thing. He’s avoiding me but what else is new?  He never wanted me in the first place.”  
CeeCee was in new emotional territory with Jay.  This was the most he’d ever spoken about his biological father in the months they’d been dating.  She reached out to touch his knee but he moved it away.  
“Go home.  I’m drunk as hell and I’m just gonna crash.  You have a big day tomorrow. Good night, CeeCee.”  He leaned over and gently placed a lingering kiss on her neck before walking to his bedroom down the hall. 
After she was certain he was asleep and snoring, CeeCee replaced the cap on the nearly empty bottle and quietly left with tears in her eyes.

Chapter 10
Three missed calls. Three voicemails. All deleted. The only evidence of Jay’s attempt to contact CeeCee was the lone text message, which she refused to read.  
While she was relieved that Jay managed to wake up the following morning, CeeCee couldn’t risk speaking to him.  
Hearing his voice. Reading his words. Not today, she thought. Today needs to be dedicated to Billy BadAss, period.  
To clear her mind as much as she could, she started her early morning with a five-mile run on the treadmill before picking Laney up for a hot yoga session at OM Studio.
“But why does it have to be hot? That I don’t get. How hot is hot?” Laney got into CeeCee’s SUV.
“Oh, about 90, 100.” 
“Degrees?” Without saying another word, Laney opened the door.  CeeCee grabbed her arm before she could get out of the seat. 
“Be supportive! I had a bad night last night. Just...seriously, please. I’ll owe you one.”
Laney begrudgingly sat back down and buckled up as CeeCee put the car in drive. “I’ll put it on your tab.  Now what happened?”
She gave Laney the abridged version: the drunken phone call, the hot but angry sex, the absent dad, the falling asleep, the deleted voicemails. Laney sat wide-eyed before speaking.
“That’s a lot for my brain before 10am on a Saturday so I can only imagine what’s going on in yours.  Are you going to reach out to him?” 
“I don’t know. Do you think he’s an alcoholic? He drank an entire bottle of yak in a matter of hours.” 
Laney shrugged. “If that was the first time you’ve ever seen him that bad, maybe he was just self-medicating in that moment.  I mean, you remember years ago, when I first came out? Whenever I got into it with my bible-thumping mama, I would call you, come over for a drink, end up completely plastered and crashing in your guest room.” 
CeeCee nodded, remembering those nights. “Junior was about 6 or 7. He would bring you a barf bucket in the morning.” 
“Between the two of us, it’s a wonder that child’s not in therapy.  That was the lowest point of my life.  I felt like I couldn’t accept myself until my mother accepted me.  She never did and it wasn’t until she died that I learned to let go.  After lots of counseling, I finally forgave her. I wish I could have been on better terms with her before she died but I eventually understood that that was her shit.  So when it comes to Jay and whatever is going on with his bio dad, I feel his pain. Rejection in any form from a parent can fuck you up but good.” 
CeeCee tapped the steering wheel.  “Even though I deleted the voicemails, I saved one text.  Didn’t read it yet.  I want to respond but today...today is just way too important.  I want everything to go just right at the event.”  
Laney chuckled. “Honey, this is public relations and your client is an oft-inebriated rap star.  Expect a hiccup or two,”
She took CeeCee’s hand.  “My advice? Give yourself some space from Jay and use tonight as a way to keep your mind off of him.  You can always call him tomorrow. Sound good?” 
CeeCee nodded as they pulled into the gym’s parking lot.  “Yep. Today is Billy. Tomorrow is Jay.” 
Laney squeezed her pal’s hand.  “Sounds like a plan.  Now, back to this foolishness. There better be some hot bitches in hot yoga, that’s all I’m sayin’.”
After 90 minutes of sweating and posing, CeeCee dropped Laney off and the two agreed to meet at the pre-event briefing in an hour.  This would be CeeCee’s first time meeting her client so she wanted to look her professional best.  She went with a gold silk blouse and a dark green pencil skirt, topped off with bronze pumps.  Her big curls cascaded right past her shoulders.  She looked in the mirror.  Cecelia Nicole, you can do this! She grabbed her bag and headed out to Club Bangers.
The club owner gave CeeCee and Laney a walkthrough of the building layout, including an introduction to the service personnel and a review of the security detail.  As the three reviewed the itinerary and event order, a large group noisily paraded through the front door of the club.
Laney leaned into CeeCee’s ear. “Slap on a crash helmet.  Here comes your client.” 

Among the sea of about fifteen juvenile-looking men in white tees, baggy jeans and various sports jerseys, Billy BadAss emerged.  Dressed in a crisp red button down shirt and cuffed designer jeans, Billy swayed over with Cartier solid gold sunglasses perched on his face.
“Ladies, I’m Billy. Looking forward to working wit’ ya and turnin’ up in the Chi tonight. Stay blessed.” 
He shook both of their hands, turned on the heels of his crisp white Jordans and walked right out, leaving a mixed aroma of cologne and marijuana smoke in his wake. The gaggle of hangers-on followed close behind. 
Laney smiled at CeeCee. “Oh, honey! You didn’t expect him to sit down and have a conversation with us, did you? Darling, we’re the help.  We make this shit happen so he can sell records. The end.  Welcome to event planning! Back to work, babe.” 
Laney patted her on the back and walked to the table to continue the document review with the owner. CeeCee remained staring at the door from which her client just exited after a ten second introduction. This was going to be a long night.
After returning home and taking a short nap, CeeCee began prep for her evening.  Per the event order, ‘...any agents in attendance at the event are required to blend in with club patrons.’  The last time CeeCee went to a nightclub, acid wash jeans were in and Queen Latifah was still a rapper.  Junior’s fashion-conscious girlfriend Candace was happy to accompany her on a shopping trip.  CeeCee settled on a form fitting black mini dress with leopard print along its’ sides. She had her usually curly hair set in a fresh blow-out and wore the tallest black stilettos in her closet.   
Despite the promise she made to herself, CeeCee decided to scratch the itch.  She reached into her clutch, took out her phone and read the text:

Baby, I know you are busy today so I don’t expect to hear from you, especially after my behavior last night.  I am truly sorry that I hurt you. You mean everything to me. I need you. Please call or text me when you get in tonight so that I know you are safe.  I hear dude runs with a wild bunch.  Be careful. I love you. J.

CeeCee fought every urge to text him back with an I love you, too, but space was what was needed.  She placed her phone back in her clutch and looked at this new version of herself in the bedroom mirror. CeeCee was ready to turn up. (Goodness, she loathed that phrase.)
Club Bangers looked like an entirely different venue at 8 pm than it did at noon.  The club didn’t open for another hour and at least a hundred people were waiting outside in the falling snow to get in.  CeeCee stepped out of her SUV, handed her keys to the valet and - armed with her almighty press pass hanging on her neck - walked right in to the chagrin of the freezing line dwellers.  
The sound of music she didn’t recognize bumped against the walls. Along with the club manager and the head of security, CeeCee did a once-over of the main floor, the back of the house, the DJ booth and – most importantly – the VIP section. 
The area was set apart from the rest of the club with the standard red ropes, complete with a ceiling-to-floor solid black curtain.  Bottles were placed in a large standing ice bucket at each of the six tables, plush pillows were sprawled on a long L-shaped couch and an illuminated dance floor with a stripper’s pole glowed in the center of the room.  
Everything looked exactly to Billy’s specifications.  CeeCee breathed a sigh of relief.  A security guard flanked at the main entrance yelled, “Doors open in 5 minutes.  It’s almost show time, kids.” CeeCee was more than ready.
By 10:30 pm, the club was packed with wall-to-wall twenty-somethings and CeeCee surprisingly felt herself fitting right in. As she squeezed herself through the crowd to monitor each station of the venue, she remembered two mental notes that Laney told her to keep top of mind when running an event:  No dancing and no drinking.  
Dancing wouldn’t be a problem; embarrassing herself by breaking out the Running Man was not on CeeCee’s to-do list tonight.  Drinking was out of the question.  Her nerves killed her appetite and she hadn’t had a bite to eat in several hours. One drink would have her on her ass for sure.  All in all, CeeCee was doing well so far.
Now if only her client would show up.

At 11:15 on the nose, Billy BadAss and his band of merry men entered.  Exposed cleavage and ass cheeks were sprinkled among the entourage this time around.  Compared to those young ladies, CeeCee’s simple LBD might as well have been a nun’s habit.  Billy and his entire crew were wearing all white and already clearly intoxicated.  
Billy met CeeCee at the entrance of the VIP section, lowering his sunglasses to look her up and down. 
“Yo, you was the same chick that was here earlier? Damn, ma.  You a dime for an old bird!”
The rest of the crew moved their greedy selves into the VIP area with little acknowledgment for CeeCee - or Billy.  
CeeCee understood the dynamics she was facing and decided to make the dynamic work for her - another gem from Laney’s wealth of PR knowledge.  She smiled and guided Billy into the VIP area with a hand on his lower back. 
“Billy, I hope you’ll find the amenities of the private section to your expectations.  Your meet and greet is slated to begin in 10 minutes.  The two winners from your Facebook fan page contest have been given temporary VIP passes that expire at midnight,”  
“From there, you will be prepped to take the stage on the main floor to perform your hit songs Yo’ Girl Wanna and M.I.L.F. Afterwards, you’ll sign a few autographs, take pictures with the club owner and DJ for the Gram and then you’ll be free to go at 1 - although I would encourage you to stick around for at least another half hour for good press.  Any questions?” 
Billy paused and slowly removed his sunglasses. “Well, shit!  I ain’t got no questions since it sounds like you got all the answers, Ma.” 
CeeCee gently pushed Billy into his preferred seat - left of the red ropes, crowd facing – and picked up the bottle of champagne out of the ice bucket.
“Please. Call me CeeCee. Cristal?”

Chapter 11
The clock struck one.  CeeCee had handled her first major event with zero hiccups.  Bottle service flowed smoothly.  The performances went off without a hitch. Most importantly, her client managed to not get arrested or in a fight.  Cecelia Banks, Senior Corporate Events Manager, was a success!
CeeCee began texting Laney from VIP to give her the good news. Billy sat next to her on the lush couch, holding a bottle of Cristal. 
“Miss CeeCee.  I gotta say, you did a fantastic job tonight.  Me and my boys had a good time. You slayed!” 
“Billy, it was mine and the firm’s pleasure.  You did a great job onstage.  I really liked the M.I.L.F. song. It’s catchy: I need a MILF down for meeeee, a grown mama fits my steeeeeze...” 
Billy took off his sunglasses for the first time all night. 
“Tell the truth, now: Have you ever heard my music before tonight? I ain’t gon’ tell nobody if you haven’t.” 
“Okay...no, but in my defense, I am almost twice your age. However, from what I heard tonight, you have a bright future in front of you. I can’t wait to hear more.” 
Billy downed the last of the champagne and placed the empty bottle on the table in front of them.  “You ain’t gotta wait much longer.  Afterparty at The Vincent Hotel down the street.  You should come through to hear some of my new tracks.” 
CeeCee continued texting without looking at Billy. “Oh no no no! One, I am here in an official capacity, not to party.  Two, I am pretty sure I’ll be the oldest person there.” 
“Miss CeeCee - one, your ‘official capacity’ ended at 1am. That’s in the contract. And number two, old birds are always invited to my parties, as long as they fine.  Vivica’s supposed to fall through tonight.”
CeeCee looked at Billy. “As in the actress? She’s older than me.”
“Exactly.  Besides, you don’t look old.  My mama’s 40 and you look way younger than her!” 
CeeCee put her phone in her bag and pointed a finger at him. “Right there! I’m older than your mother.  Number three and case closed.  Go have fun! We’ll chat at the debrief on Monday morning. Good night.” She tucked her clutch underneath her arm and got up from the couch. 
“Speaking of that debrief, I’m sure your bosses ain’t gon’ be pleased to hear you ditched your client’s afterparty. C’mon now, Miss CeeCee. Roll wit’ us tonight. I promise you, on my grandmama’s soul, you will be in good hands. Besides, we got hella food and I know yo’ skinny ass is hungry. Fried chicken, greens, ham hocks, black eyed peas, peach cobbler - all catered by Niecy’s, the best Southern food in Chicago, or so I’ve heard.”
CeeCee stopped at the red ropes of the VIP entrance. If she rejected Billy’s invite, it might reflect poorly on her performance.  This could mean sidestepping a shining post-event review from her first client.  Also, her skinny ass was hungry and her diet hadn’t allowed her to have Niecy’s in years.  She’d stay for a half hour tops and pull the old ‘I have a kid’ card. Being a working mom has that privilege - even if said kid is damn near grown and spending the weekend with his dad.
CeeCee turned on her heels and walked back to Billy. “Fine.  I’ll meet you and your crew at The Vincent in fifteen minutes.  I cannot stay for more than a half hour - I have a child to get home to.” 
“Damn, you got a baby, too? I swear you one of the best lookin’ old birds I done seen in a minute!” 
CeeCee rolled her eyes.  “You have got to stop calling me an ‘old bird’. Not only is it extremely unprofessional, it’s also a little insulting.” 
Billy raised both hands in the air with a sly smile. “My bad, Miss CeeCee! I’m a country boy, I can’t help it. Look, let me get my boys up outta here and we’ll see you on the 54th floor. Leave that dress on.” 
CeeCee buttoned her trench coat. “Which room?” 
Billy laughed. “Miss CeeCee, we got the whole muthafuckin’ floor. Penthouse, ya heard?”  He tossed a silver keycard her way, which CeeCee caught with one hand. 
“There better be more than one person at this afterparty.” 

CeeCee slid the keycard into the slot marked 54th FLOOR - PENTHOUSE - Access Required.  When the elevator doors opened, she was hit in the face with a thick cloud of marijuana smoke.  Loud music boomed through the entryway, which was lined by various partygoers talking, drinking, kissing, smoking and taking hits of cocaine.  When CeeCee reached the end of the main hallway, an energetic Billy appeared.  He held a lit blunt between his teeth and was flanked by a naked woman on either side of his short muscular body. 
“Welcome to the suite, Miss CeeCee.  Ladies, won’t you two please excuse me while I give my event planner a quick tour?” 
Both ladies gave CeeCee the stink eye as they were dismissed. CeeCee pointed to them as they slithered away.  “I take it they realize they are butt naked while everyone else is clothed.  Why exactly?” 
Billy ignored her question and helped her take her coat off, handing it to a nearby bodyguard. “Four bedrooms, two baths. This living room is, like, the central area of the party. We got Niecy’s in the kitchen and, of course, lots of liquor and other party favors spread all over.  Turn up!” 
He took another hit of the blunt and passed it to CeeCee. “No, thank you. I haven’t had weed since I was about your age.” 
Billy gave her the side eye and waved the blunt in her face. “Post event review.  One hit ain’t gon’ hurt you none. C’mon, for me.” 
CeeCee sighed. “This is blackmail, pure and simple.” Billy smiled as she snatched the blunt out of his grasp & took a generous inhale.  
She coughed her lungs out, handing it back to Billy. “What the fuck are they putting in weed these days? Bug spray?” 
Billy patted her on the back as she regained proper breathing. “This that hydro shit. Ain’t like it was in the 80s, huh?” He laughed and walked away as CeeCee yelled, “The NINETIES!” 
CeeCee realized she was definitely high and ravenous after her first hit of weed since college.  She made a beeline through the crowd to the kitchen and noticed all of the famous faces sprinkled throughout the suite.  
A video vixen and her rapper boyfriend were arguing in the far left corner.  
A reality show celebrity was on the couch doing lines with a former Disney child star. 
A member of a 90s boy band was on his cell phone, standing in line to use the restroom.
CeeCee grabbed a plate and stacked it full of fatty foods she would have never touched with a ten foot pole under normal circumstances, but when in Rome - and as high as a kite - do as.
She finished the food quicker than she remembered eating it. Damn, I am thirsty, she said to herself in what sounded like slow motion in her ears.  She noticed a young lady in a tight fuchsia wrap dress drinking liquid of a similar color out of a martini glass.  CeeCee smiled wide. Cosmopolitans!
CeeCee asked her where she got the drink from and Fuchsia pointed to a waiter carrying a tray full of them.  Salivating at the sight of them, she took two off of the tray and thanked the server as if he’d offered her the breath of life.  She sipped one and it was really sweet.  Sweeter than a typical cosmo, but she assumed that the barkeep probably went heavy on the cranberry juice.
An hour later, CeeCee found herself on the couch next to a snoring Sports Illustrated cover girl, feeling very intoxicated.  She continued drinking her second pink drink when Billy came over with a smile. 
“How you doin’, Miss CeeCee! You look like you turnin’ up too much. See I’mma have to keep an eye on you.” 
CeeCee took another gulp, leaving just a swallow in the glass. “Excuse me - I’ve been drinking cosmos since you were in diapers. Actually, these are more cranberry juice than alcohol but I’ll have a third anyway.” 
She toddled to her feet to get another when Billy grabbed her shoulders and turned her to face him. 
“A third?!”  He took the glass out of her hand and sniffed it. CeeCee frowned.
“Miss CeeCee, this ain’t no damn cosmo! What you think this is, ma? Sex and the City? This is a sizzurup cocktail! Codeine, ya heard?”
That was the last thing Miss CeeCee remembered before fainting in Billy BadAss’ arms.

Chapter 12
The pounding served as her internal alarm clock. CeeCee awoke face down on the bed with her once-blown out hair matted to her aching head. She slowly opened her eyes, rubbing them with a yawn.  She turned her body to face front and saw an unfamiliar sight: a 350-pound man standing all of his 6’5” frame over the side of the bed.
“Who the hell are you and where the—” Every syllable she yelled caused her head to pulse in agony. She held her scalp in her hands.  The giant spoke in a deep but slightly nervous voice.
“Um, ma’am. I’m Brutus, Mr. Thomas’ bodyguard.  I was the man that hung up your coat last night.  Mr. Thomas placed you in his master bedroom here and asked that I watch over you throughout the night.  You know, to keep the riff raff from taking advantage of you while you slept.  I promise you, nothing happened. Well...you did fall out last night and Mr. Thomas caught—”
CeeCee put her hand up to stop his rambling, her other hand cradling her head. She sat on the edge of the bed, still in the same dress she wore last night.
“Who is Mr. Thomas? Where’s Billy? Why I did I fall out? What time is it?”
“Ma’am, Mr. Thomas is Billy. Francis Thomas is his government name. As far as why you fell out...well, ma’am...I’m almost positive you drank sizzurup.  Also, it is around 10 am.” 
CeeCee stared at him in disbelief.  She began pacing. 
“What? 10 am?? And why would I ever drink something called sizzurup? I am a forty-thr—the cosmos. THE COSMOS!” 
CeeCee grabbed her clutch off of the nightstand and searched for her phone. Dead. She took out her compact mirror.  Her mascara was smudged, giving her raccoon eyes. Panic began to set in for CeeCee. 
“My phone has no power.  My phone is always fully charged in the morning. I fell asleep with a face of makeup.  Oh, my poor skin! What in the fuck is going on in my life?”
Wide eyed, she ran her fingers through her hair in a vain attempt to tame her frizzy curls.  “I...I have to get home.  I have a child, a career! I live in the goddamn suburbs! Suburbanites don’t drink sizzurup!” 
CeeCee hadn’t realized she was screaming until she noticed that Brutus looked genuinely frightened.  A man easily thrice CeeCee’s size was cowering to her hysterical ranting.
“Um, ma’am. Would you like me to call someone for you? Your husband? A boyfriend? A medical professional?” 
CeeCee raised her hands to her mouth with a gasp when she remembered that she hadn’t texted Jay back.  He was probably worried sick or - even worse - thought that she was done with him.  
At that moment, a wide awake Billy came in.  He was dressed in an oversized white tee and leather sweatpants with his signature sunglasses on his face. 
“Miss CeeCee! You got it in last night, sweetheart!  How you feeling?”
“I feel like I look - like shit.  What happened to me last night? How did I end up here?” 
 “Lookit here, hotel management cleared the party out about an hour after you fainted, but you were safe and sound in here with Bru.  He was a perfect gentleman, as you’ve probably already gathered.  He slept on that couch over there the whole time.  Room service just arrived with a boatload of food. Ain’t no extra eyeballs around - the coast is clear.  It’s just me, you and ol’ Bru.” He slapped Brutus on the back twice. 
CeeCee found her stilettos by the end of the bed and slipped her feet in them. “Thank you so much for the offer and the protection last night, but I have got to go home.” 
“Lady, you gotta calm the fuck down. Now listen, I made sure you were safe all night.  The least you can do is break bread with the homie. C’mon, now.” 
Billy took her hand, leading her out of the bedroom and into the kitchen as Brutus followed.
The food was arranged buffet style across the 5-foot long dining table: scrambled eggs with Asiago cheese, rye toast, thick cut bacon, French toast slices, hash browns with diced ham, mixed fruit and that sweet elixir - coffee. CeeCee‘s hungover tummy was in no mood for food but she downed two cups of dark roast, sitting in between the guys as they ate.
“So, Francis Thomas, huh? Learn something new every day.” 
Billy took his sunglasses off and pointed them at CeeCee. “Hey! Only the homies call me Francis and all my homies are down south - except Brut over there,” 
He put his shades back on. “Yeah. That’s my buddy there. Since first grade, ain’t that right, homie?” Brutus nodded as he continued ravaging his second plate. 
CeeCee took a sip.  “But what about all of those people that were here last night? No homies among that crowd?  Not even the fair Vivica?” 
Billy grunted. “Shit. You know more about me than those people do.  That was the industry here last night.  Folks that’s been getting money, fame and a good time off of me since I was 15 with RuffStuff.  Including Frankie Rich, quiet as it’s kept. He has made a fortune riding my coattails, ya heard?”
He stabbed his fork into a slice of French toast.  “But yeah.  Last night?  That’s not real life. This.  This moment right here...” He nodded. “This is real.” 
The trio continued dining in silence as Billy’s words hung in the air.  CeeCee always saw him as a one-dimensional person:  a client, another bad boy entertainer with a growing rap sheet.  For the first time, she didn’t see Billy BadAss, Rap Star.  She saw Francis Thomas, a rich & lonely kid from the South. 
Billy interrupted her thoughts by scooting away from the table. “All right, y’all. I got a gang of press interviews this afternoon starting at 1. Limo will be here in less than an hour.” 
CeeCee took that as her cue.  “Well, I need to get going myself. Thank you for keeping an eye on me, Brutus.” 
He nodded. “My pleasure, ma’am, and I apologize for scaring you this morning.” 
She stood up to Billy and gave him a hug. “This was all very kind of you, Billy. Again, phenomenal job at Club Bangers last night.  I did remember that much. Speaking of things I don’t remember...what floor are we on again?” 
Billy shook his head as he helped CeeCee with her coat. “Miss CeeCee, you crack me up! C’mon, I’ll walk you down.” CeeCee waved goodbye to Brutus and followed Billy into the elevator.
The two walked outside to retrieve CeeCee’s keys from the valet station.  As they waited for her SUV to arrive, CeeCee broke the silence. 
“Billy, I have to ask you a favor.  If the firm knew what occurred with me last night...” 
He waved his hand in CeeCee’s direction. “You ain’t got nothing to worry about there. As far as I know, you left Bangers at 1 and that’s the last time I saw you.” Billy winked at her.
CeeCee was overcome with relief and hugged him. “Thank you oh so much!” She gave him a friendly kiss on the cheek as Billy joked, “Well, if you really wanna thank me...” 
The two cackled as the SUV pulled up.  CeeCee stepped foot into the vehicle and said, “Again, thanks for everything, Billy.”  
He lowered his sunglasses. “You one of the homies now. Call me Francis.” CeeCee smiled and drove off.
As Billy walked back into the hotel, a man in a backwards baseball cap appeared from the bushes near the valet station.  He packed away his digital camera and pulled out his cell phone. He walked toward the parking lot with the phone to his ear. 
“Yeah. Finally got a shot of Billy BadAss at the Vincent. He walked out to valet with his new fling.  I’m guessing she spent the night with him after his party. But listen...the good part: She’s a little long in the tooth. Well...I’d put her at about 38, 40 tops. She definitely has at least 15 years on him. Good body, though.  Had on a tight black dress, fuck me heels, hair was a wreck.  Must’ve had a wild romp with the kid.  Typical Billy groupie, except she’s old enough to be his mother. She pulled off in a black Lexus SUV with an honor roll bumper sticker on the back, for Christ’s sake.  Perfect headline: The M.I.L.F. Rapper Wraps Up a MILF. Yeah. Emailing you the pics now.   Let’s prep them for online release this afternoon while I shake down my hotel connects for more details on this mystery lady.”

Chapter 13
When CeeCee arrived home, all she could think about was sleeping in her own bed.  Tony wasn’t dropping Junior off until the early evening so that meant blissful and uninterrupted hangover sleep in an empty house. CeeCee placed her dead phone on a charger near the kitchen counter.  She zombie-walked upstairs, peeled the LBD and stilettos off of her body and fell face first into her bed, where she slept and snored for five hours.
The front door slammed, waking CeeCee up with a start. 
“Ma! You home?” 
“Hey babe. I’m upstairs.  I’ll be down in a sec.” She went into the master bathroom and splashed cold water on her face. She was well rested and sober, happy to put whatever happened last night behind her.  She would never be that foolish and irresponsible again, especially on the clock.  
On the bright side, the event was a blazing success and she even managed make friends with her client.  Waterstone would be impressed. CeeCee smiled to herself as she put her hair in a messy bun, slipped on her robe and walked downstairs to greet her son.  
CeeCee noticed Junior talking on his cell phone when she reached the bottom of the steps.  He had a disturbed look on his face. 
“When did this happen? Are you sure? Candace, please make sure because this is no joke.  Bye.”  
CeeCee stared at him after he hung up. “What’s wrong? Is she pregnant? Anthony Michael Carello, I am going to KILL you!” 
“You are going to wish I was having a kid after you see this.” Moving closer to his mother so she could see his phone, Junior opened his Twitter app and typed Billy BadAss in the search bar.  In an instant, several pictures of CeeCee giving the rapper a kiss on the cheek earlier that day appeared. She slapped her hand against her gaping mouth as she read the comments and captions:

Ugh, who is that old lady molestin my man #TeamBBA #BillyBabies #WannabeMILF
#ThatMoment when ya mama kisses u b4 the school bus picks u up...lol
Daaamn, Billy bagged a dime but she old, doe. LBVS

“ZMT posted the picture on their site and since Candace follows them on Twitter, she saw it and called me,” Junior turned to his embarrassed mother.
“I cannot believe I am about to ask my own mother this question, but here goes: Did you sleep with Billy BadAss? The famous rapper? The former boy bander? Seriously, Mom?!” 
CeeCee tugged at the collar of her robe. “Of course I didn’t sleep with him! He is my client.  That was an innocent kiss on the cheek that—”  
“—that took place the morning after one of his notorious parties! I mean, of course I believe you but this is about to get huge if ZMT’s reporting it. Candace said it’s spreading like wildfire online. I asked her to DM me any links she comes across.  She thinks it’s cool.  I’m guessing you don’t.” 
His cell phone dinged.  “Speaking of, here’s what she just sent me from the Gram.”  He pulled up his Instagram feed, shrugged and handed his mother the phone. “And the memes have begun.  It’s official.  You are famous.  Congratulations!” 
CeeCee stuttered as she scrolled through post after post.  “I...this is just...a BIG mistake, I never...how can people just say things like...”  The sound of her own cell phone ringing took her attention away from her son’s. She handed him his phone and picked up hers. 
“What the HELL happened last night? Have you seen ZMT? Twitter? You are all over the internet, just an FYI. Jesus, I told you to show the kid a good time, not spend the night with him!” 
Laney.
“I swear to you, nothing happened.  Well...” CeeCee looked over at Junior at the refrigerator, helping himself to a can of Coke and playing on his phone.  Deciding that confessing to getting drunk off of codeine-based drinks in front of him would be a parenting fail, CeeCee went upstairs to give Laney the recap (or what she could remember) behind the closed door of her bedroom.
Laney sighed after CeeCee finished. “Cee, this is bad, babe.  BAD. I’m combing all of the popular blogs as we speak.”
CeeCee laid in her bed.  “What are paparazzi doing in Chicago anyway?  This isn’t LA or New York.”
“Since labels and studios are slashing budgets, stars are more often working in smaller metro markets like Chicago.  Aniston owns a condo in Wicker Park that she uses whenever she’s in town.  Clooney just wrapped his latest movie near the Gold Coast area last month.  Billy may not be as famous as them, but he is A-list among the 18-24 market sector – ZMT’s biggest viewership.  Wherever the A-listers are, ZMT paps follow. Oh my...”
CeeCee sat up in her bed. “What?  What’s wrong now?”
“ZMT is calling you The Cougarette.  You have an official nickname.  Like Cher’s Bagel Boy. This is baaaaaaad.” 
CeeCee grabbed her iPad off of her nightstand and found ZMT’s site:

INFAMOUS jailbird rapper Billy BadAss made a top ten hit singing about MILFs but it looks like his wild life is imitating his art. Here he is receiving a morning-after smooch from an older mystery woman. Sources say that Chicago’s Vincent Hotel was the base for Billy’s rowdy afterparty and that this not-so-young lady spent Saturday evening with him - even enjoying room service brunch with him this morning.  No official ID yet on this foxy pint-sized pixie but she’s not big enough to be a Cougar, in our opinion.  Until further notice, Billy’s brunch babe will be known as The Cougarette.

CeeCee laid back onto her bed, utterly defeated.  “Oh Laney. What if Jay sees this? He’ll be done with me.” 
“Jay? What if Waterstone sees this? Luckily for you, straight white men in their 60s aren’t regularly reading gossip blogs so we have a small window of time to hatch a proactive game plan,”
“Step One: You are taking a sick day tomorrow. I guarantee you that some intern is reading about you on the internet right now and when that gossip makes its’ way up the food chain, the last place you’ll want to be is at work,”
“Step Two: I’ll contact Billy’s manager and convince him to make the kid draft a statement to ZMT denouncing any and all rumors that you two have something going on,” 
“Step Three: You are going to give a mea culpa to Waterstone, but we’ll figure that out later. For now, take the day off and prepare for the shit that’s about to go down. This is the calm before the storm. Buckle up, bitch. It’s gonna be a bumpy 15 minutes of fame.”
After hanging up with Laney, CeeCee called Jay, not knowing what awaited her on the other end.  He didn’t follow celebrity gossip and he didn’t have time to maintain the social media accounts he had, but he was a casual fan of Billy’s music.  Her anxiety grew until she heard his sexy voice. 
“Baby. God I missed you! I thought you’d never speak to me again after the way I treated you that night. Again, baby, I’m—” 
CeeCee stopped him, relieved that he obviously had no idea about the ZMT bombshell.
“Honey, I’m fine. We’re fine.  Listen, I am taking a mental health day tomorrow and I want to spend it with you.  The entire day - hugging, kissing, making love, the whole nine.  How does that sound?”
“Oh word? I like that, babe. How was the event? Did Billy bust somebody upside the head with a champagne bottle again?” 
“It went well...but I do want to talk with you about something that may—” 
“Baby, that’s my agent Marty on my other line.  I gotta take this but babe, but I can’t wait to have you all to myself tomorrow. Mmmm...all right, lemme talk to this man before I get all hot and bothered.  I love you, Cecelia Banks.” 
CeeCee sighed. “I love you, too.”
When she hung up, CeeCee felt mentally and emotionally depleted. While she realized that her 20-year career hung in the balance, CeeCee couldn’t get her mind off of Jay and his potential reaction to this mess.   He seemed so fragile that night and she still hadn’t gotten the whole story about his biological father. Would this Billy BadAss tabloid story push Jay over the edge? How would she even broach the subject with him?  Would he find out before she could get to him tomorrow morning? 
CeeCee climbed out of her bed and went downstairs to spend some time with Junior.  She needed to get as far away from all internet sources as possible.

Chapter 14
CeeCee and Junior did everything they could to avoid the Internet; they shut their phones down, focusing their attention on watching movies and playing board games.  They awoke the next morning and got ready to start their day, hopeful that the hoopla had died down.  They couldn’t have been more wrong.

ZMT UPDATE: The Cougarette has a name - Cecelia Banks. According to sources, she’s recently divorced with a kid and not only is she Billy’s personal conquest...she’s affiliated with him in a professional manner as well.  Get this - she’s his event planner! The Cougarette 	had her claws in him from the moment they met, says our source. “Since her divorce, she’s been on the hunt for young guys.  Billy was the perfect target!” This story’s getting hotter by the minute - stay tuned!

CeeCee closed her iPad case on the kitchen bar as Junior held his head in his hands. “Mom. This is getting crazier by the minute.” 
CeeCee sat speechless.  Who was sharing all of this information, both true and false about her life?  She walked to the front door and put on her coat.
“It’s time for school, babe. Let’s get going.” Junior grabbed his coat and backpack, following his mother out of the door. 
He walked ahead.  CeeCee reached out for him and he flinched under her touch.
“Just...please take me to school.” Junior opened the passenger door, climbed in and slammed it shut.  CeeCee held back tears as she got into the SUV and began a silent five minute drive to drop off.  
They pulled up to the rear entrance of Bradley High. CeeCee took a breath and put the car in park. 
“I am so sorry that this is happening.  If I could turn back time, I would have never gone to that party. I would have come home right after the event.  I could sit here and give you every excuse in the book for my actions.  Instead all I can say is I’m truly sorry for putting you through this and not being the mother you deserve.” 
Junior stared out of the passenger side window. “Do you have any idea what it’s going to be like for me at school today?  I’m the Cougarette’s son.  Perfect.  It seems like ever since you and Dad got divorced, you are becoming this entirely different person.  Some of it is good: the new job, Jay - whom I really like for you, by the way. But then, stuff like this makes me think that maybe, maybe you are trying to be young again or something.  Like you missed so much when you got married and had me.” 
CeeCee reached over and turned her son’s face toward her. “Oh, my sweet baby. I didn’t miss out on anything when I had you. You may be right about my getting married so young.  Your dad and I were both kids fresh out of college when we got hitched. But you are the best thing that has ever happened to me. Don’t you ever doubt that. Ever, baby.” 
She hugged her son, who hugged her tightly back.  CeeCee understood at that moment that her son needed that reassurance and she hadn’t been giving it to him.  As independent as Junior had always been, he still needed his mother.  
CeeCee wiped her tears away with a single swipe under each eye. “Okay, off to school before you are later than you already are.  I love you very, very much, Junior.” 
 “I love you, too, Ma.” Junior kissed his mother’s forehead and got out of the car.
CeeCee drove down Michigan Avenue, headed to Jay’s.  She was a ball of nerves as she drew closer to his apartment.  What would she say to him about this fiasco? How would he react?  Would he believe her when she told him the truth?
Her thoughts were interrupted when she saw a black sedan on her tail in her rearview mirror.  How I loathe city drivers, she groaned to herself as the vehicle continued to ride her bumper until she arrived at the complex.
CeeCee turned into the parking garage and the sedan sped off.  “Crazy!” she yelled out of her window with a long car horn honk. She parked the SUV in Jay’s spot and took the elevator to his floor.  
She knocked on the door.  No answer.  She knocked again. The door flew open with Jay staring holes into her. 
“Did you fuck him?” 
He knows. Great.
“Can I please come in and ex—”
“Did. You. Fuck. Him.”
“No. I never touched him.”
“Only kissed him, right?”
“On the cheek! I’ve given Junior more passionate kisses.  Okay, that sounded really bad.”
Jay walked away, leaving the door open. “Not in the mood for your little jokes today. It’s all over the fuckin’ internet, you kissin’ this dude.  I’ve been getting texts from my boys all morning.  What the hell, Cee? Were you even gonna tell me?” 
CeeCee walked in behind him and closed the door. “I was going to tell you last night but you had to talk to Marty.  Nothing happened.”
“Something happened! You clearly spent the night!  You spent the night with one of the most famous people in hip-hop - a known ladies’ man - and I’m supposed to believe you didn’t sleep with him, especially after what went down between us?” 
He walked over to CeeCee, towering over her. “Besides, we both know you like ‘em young.  You fuck him like you fuck me? Huh? Throw them hips on him? Had your legs all up in the air for him?”
CeeCee raised a hand to slap him but he caught her by the wrist. “Come on, Jay.  I know you’re mad but don’t be an asshole. I would never cheat on you...let me go!” 
Jay released her wrist.  “How would I know that?  I’m still not convinced that things are over between you and Tony.”  He walked away, his body tensing by the minute.
“For the last time, Tony and I are done.  I don’t know how this is going to work between us if that’s still an issue.” 
“No, the issue right now is your name all over ZMT claiming to be Billy BadAss’s groupie. That’s my fuckin’ issue!”
He took a deep breath before lowering his voice.  “I can’t do this with you anymore, CeeCee.   I’m so in love with you that I can’t think straight.  I don’t know how to love you without being a wreck.  I believe you, but all I can see in my mind is you fuckin’ Tony.  You in bed with Billy.  I can’t help it.” 
CeeCee walked up to him and rubbed his back. “Please, please. Don’t do this.  I’m sorry about this, all of this.”  She turned him around to face her. “Don’t leave me. I love you so much. Just, please...stand by me through this.” 
She gently pulled his face down to hers and willed him to kiss her. “I need you, baby.” she whispered against his lips.  He grabbed her by the waist and picked her up as she wrapped her legs around him.  His kisses trailed from the curve her neck down to the exposed cleavage of her V-neck sweater as she moaned. 
Jay suddenly stopped and put her down. “No, no, CeeCee.  I can’t.  I want nothing more than to throw you on that couch and make love to you like I have countless times before but nah.  Not like this.  Not now.” 
CeeCee’s tears began to flow.  “Jay, please. Don’t do this.” 
Jay walked to the door and opened it. “Goodbye Cecelia.” 
She could see him holding back tears as he stared at the ceiling.  She took the elevator to the parking garage, slid into her SUV and drove off in a weepy mess.
A man dressed in a black track suit was hidden behind a large concrete beam next to Jay’s parking space.  He emerged with a digital camera when his cell phone rang. 
“Yep.  Got pics of her crying.  She almost caught me tailing her here. Remember, I want 50% of whatever ZMT is paying you as their source. They’ll spin these pics into something juicy so I’m guessing these’ll net you about $5K. Yeah, I’ll email them to you now so ZMT can drop ‘em on the site today. Sounds good. Bye.”

Chapter 15
A despondent CeeCee arrived home from Jay’s and went up to her bedroom.  She drew the curtains and remained in the darkened place for the rest of the day.  She slept and cried in aching intervals. Several times, she dialed Jay’s number and hung up before it could ring.  Calls and texts from Laney went unanswered.  She turned off the upstairs ringer on the house phone. She avoided her iPad like the plague.  
CeeCee managed to make one phone call in her bleak moment.  She asked Tony to pick up Junior after school.  She knew that she would have to get out of this emotional rut eventually.  But until then, CeeCee did something that she never did: she wallowed.
There was a soft knock on her bedroom door that slowly awakened CeeCee.  She looked at her digital on the nightstand: 6:32. She had slept for almost seven hours and was still exhausted.
"Come in." She turned on the lamp on her nightstand.  When the door opened, there stood someone she didn’t expect to ever see in her bedroom again: Tony.
“Ceese. How ya doin’?”
CeeCee tried in vain to smooth out her bed head but it was no use - she looked how she felt.
“Not so hot. I’m sure you have heard about the craziness my life has become within the past 48 hours.” She sat up in bed as Tony had a seat on her vanity bench. 
“Yeah. You are quite the celebrity these days. Junior’s down in the den working on his thesis but before I left, I wanted to come and see how you were holding up.  Laney called me and said you weren’t returning her calls or texts.  That’s definitely a first in twenty years of friendship so I knew things were kinda bad.” 
CeeCee tightened the tie on her terrycloth robe. “I just needed some rest.  Today was a rough day and I only participated in about three hours of it.  Jay broke up with me. Because of...of all of this.  I didn’t answer Laney’s calls because I’m pretty sure I’m as good as fired. And now, to top off a shitty day with a shitty cherry, my ex-husband has come to visit me and I look like hell warmed over.  So yeah - things are kinda bad.” She walked into the bathroom to wash the dried tears and fatigue off of her face. Tony followed. 
“I’m here because I love you.  Even though we aren’t together, you are still very important to me.  You will always be my family and I know that what they are saying in the press isn’t you, Ceese.  I know it, Laney knows it, Junior knows it, and - once he’s done being angry - Jay will know it, too,” 
He stood behind CeeCee as she dried her face with a towel in the bathroom mirror, rubbing her shoulders. “Ceese, you will survive this. You are the strongest person I know. It’s gonna take more than ZMT to take you out.  Hell, you put up with me for almost twenty-five years.  You can handle anything.”
CeeCee sniffled a chuckle out. “Ah, you weren’t so bad. We just...I don’t know.  What did happen with us?” She walked out of the bathroom and sat at her vanity with the towel around her neck.
“I don’t know, Ceese. Time. Age. We were so young when we started up. I think you just outgrew me.  You know, I’m an average Joe, always have been. I was happy with the status quo: marriage, job, car, kid.  Done.  You always wanted more for us, though.  You wanted exotic family vacations, five-star restaurant date nights…hotter sex,” A sense of awkwardness filled CeeCee as she applied moisturizer in the mirror.
“I realized after our divorce that you...you were just too much woman for me.” CeeCee turned to face him with an open mouth smile. Tony put his hand over his mouth in jest. 
“Did I just say that out loud? C’mon.  You know it’s true.  Ceese...you are one helluva woman.” 
“Thanks, Tony. That means a lot coming from you considering the year we’ve had.” 
“I mean, that takes nothin’ away from Debbie. She’s great, too.  But...you are special. I know that Jay sees that in you but you gotta give a man time to digest all of this.  Give yourself time to digest it.  He’ll come around.” 
Tony looked at his watch and bent down to kiss CeeCee on the cheek. “I gotta get home for dinner but hang in there, Ceese. Call Laney. Take a shower. Get back to being the gorgeous woman you are, got it?” 
CeeCee stood up and hugged her ex-husband. “Thank you for coming up to see me.  I really, really appreciate it. You are a helluva man, Anthony Carello.”
After she walked Tony out of the front door, CeeCee grabbed an apple from the kitchen and checked in on Junior in the den. 
“Auntie Laney called the house phone for you.  She said - and she asked that I say this verbatim so pardon the language in advance: ‘Tell your mother to stop being a pussy and call me back. It’s fucking urgent.'” Junior didn’t look up once from the computer.  His senior thesis about Richard Dawkins had taken over his life for the past two weeks.  CeeCee volunteered to proofread it for him once the first draft was complete but even the draft hadn’t met Junior’s expectations yet.  
CeeCee sighed. “Fine, I’ll call this child back. I’ve avoided her long enough, I suppose.  Email me the draft when you’re done tonight so I can get a start on the edits.  I don’t care if it’s not perfect - just send me what you have anyway. Got it?” 
Junior’s eyes remained on the screen. “Yeah. Sure thing, Ma.” CeeCee shook her head and headed back to her room to get an earful from her best friend.
 “For fuck’s sake! I thought you were dead!  You made me call that bastard ex-husband of yours.  This should be solid proof that I love you. I’ve been trying to fill you in on the latest about Cougargate.” 
“Cougargate?  Must be an epidemic.  It has a name.”
“Yep.  New term I saw on Perez Hilton today.  That’s how you know you’ve got a juicy scandal on your hands.  Excited to hear all about it?”
CeeCee took a bite of her apple. “Thrilled.  Do fill me in on my life, according to the internet.”
Pictures of CeeCee leaving Jay’s apartment in tears were posted on ZMT at noon with the caption, Cougarette Breaks up with Younger BF for Billy.  Meanwhile at Jones & Waterstone, the firm had been buzzing about it all day.  Laney had to reprimand two press interns for reading Cougarette stories on the blogs during business hours. To make matters worse, Laney’s conference call with Frank Richmond, Billy’s manager, was fruitless.  He refused to make Billy release a statement to the media to diffuse the rumors.  
“If he allows this story to get legs and the Board of Directors catch wind of it...sweetie, I hate to be the one to say it but...” 
“...but I’ll be fired.” 
“This is a cutthroat business, honey.  The Board will gladly walk out a twenty-year employee to keep a client happy for twenty minutes. What I’m trying to figure out is who is releasing all of this information about you.  This ZMT article with the pics knew where Jay lived, knew you were dating him.  The photos were taken in the parking garage so the paparazzo must have known you were going to see him and coming right back down.  Strange. Just...strange.” 
CeeCee knew where Laney was going.  “Are you suggesting that Jay is leaking info to ZMT?” 
Laney gasped. “Now I would never suggest such a thing...but who else would know all of this information and be willing to sell it for personal gain? In today’s article, Jay is described as “the artist behind the poster for the Oscar-nommed thriller Drifter”. He is about to blow up. This is great publicity for him. I’m just saying - let’s try to keep an open mind about this.” 
CeeCee didn’t want to entertain the possibility of Jay doing something so underhanded, even though it was weird that he hadn’t found out about the scandal at the same time other people his age would have.  He said himself that his friends were the ones that told him.
As if reading her mind (which she often did), Laney continued. “...and how did he not find out about this when everyone else did? If Junior and his girlfriend knew about it, he should have, in my opinion.  He’s practically a teenager himself.  Yeah, he’s officially on the Laney Shit List until further notice. Do not contact him until we can figure out who the mole is.  Got it, Cee?” 
CeeCee sighed. “Got it. So back to the firm: I’m hoping this will all blow over by next week so I am respectfully requesting to take the rest of this week off for vacation. Can I, please, Miss Boss Lady?” 
 “Quite frankly, I was going to suggest it myself.  I know you and I don’t think you can handle the colleagues right now.  The stares, the whispers, the side eyes.  I won’t sugarcoat it - you are THE talk of the office! Even though he hasn’t mentioned it to me, I’m certain Waterstone knows by now,”
“While I’m on board with this leave of absence, I think it’s important to show up sooner than later; the longer you hide, the guiltier you look.  In the meantime, treat yourself: get a mani/pedi/massage, go shopping, spend time with Junior.  Above all, stay off of the Internet! In fact, you need to finally get that landline cut off.  I know the number’s unlisted but it won’t take long for media to find the digits anyway.  Then you’ll be barraged with calls,”
“Come next Monday morning, you need to walk in the place looking your typical fierce self with your head held high, like it’s just another day in the office. You know where to go if you need to vent, cry or scream if needed.  I got you, babe.” 
CeeCee let a tear fall as she smiled.  Laney, Tony, Junior - where would she be without these anchors in her life?  This scandal had the potential to tear her apart but now she felt empowered to dust herself off and move forward...after another six days off, of course.  
As far as Jay was concerned, their space apart would serve a twofold purpose: it would allow CeeCee the time to devote to saving her fledgling career and it would give her time to snuff out the real mole...because it couldn’t be Jay, right?

Chapter 16
After spending one last day vegging out in the house and watching nothing but court television and Martin reruns, CeeCee left the house determined to breathe new life into her existence during her remaining vacation days. She hated who she was becoming in the shadow of this media creation known as The Cougarette: sad, wilted, an overall bummer.  CeeCee was beginning to let this persona break her so she decided to devote the rest of her sabbatical to renewing herself.  
That Wednesday, she got her hair done in shoulder-length braided extensions; she looked just like she did in college, except for the very faint crow’s feet that greeted her reflection these days.  On Friday, Roxy managed to fit CeeCee in for a hot stone massage at her salon.  She even got in a session of retail therapy with Laney on Saturday afternoon. 
Each day had gotten easier, but the week was not without its’ moments.  
CeeCee honored the space she had from Jay, although she missed him terribly.  Since she was avoiding the internet, she was getting her Jay updates secondhand.  Junior was the first to tell her that he’d read online that Jay’s artwork had been optioned for a poster for The Machine Men, a post-apocalyptic action movie coming out the following summer. This was on the heels of Drifter winning three Oscars, giving Jay added exposure. CeeCee was so excited for him that she broke her promise to Laney and reached out to give Jay a call.  When he didn’t pick up, she couldn’t help but wonder if he was screening her calls.  She hung up before the voicemail greeting began.
Billy BadAss appeared on all of the major network talk shows throughout the week promoting his new album.  Though CeeCee managed to avoid all of the daytime gabfests, she couldn’t help herself and watched Jimmy Kimmel on Thursday night.  Even with being included in the funnyman’s monologue (yes, she was an official late night punchline, a future Jeopardy! answer), CeeCee braced herself while watching the interview in bed.  
While Billy gave a classic tongue-in-cheek "no comment" response to Jimmy’s questions about The Cougarette scandal, his performance later in the show did all the commenting for him.  He began the familiar chorus of his hit M.I.L.F., pausing the track to introduce a guest rap verse from a famous hip hop legend.  
“A remix? Fantastic.” CeeCee huffed to herself. It was clear to her that Billy was determined to ride out this false publicity with no regard to how she might feel about it.  It was at that moment the legend rapped, “...the homie Billy bagged a bad MILF in the Chi/Lil’ Mama 45 but she still look fly..." 
She screamed at the screen. “Forty-three, you bastard!” 
CeeCee turned off the television and pulled her comforter over her head.  She went to sleep, vowing to never turn on a television again until she was certain this frenzy was over.
*****
As CeeCee stepped off of the elevator on the fourth floor of Jones & Waterstone on Monday morning, she gave her colleagues her best and boldest Naomi catwalk. Wearing a slick eggshell white skirt suit and blood red stilettos, she beelined toward her office door with her braids in a regal upsweep. CeeCee gave good morning nods to each of the gaping and murmuring coworkers as she strode by.  She vowed to herself that if she couldn’t accomplish anything else on her first day back, she would at least make a fearless entrance.  If she collapsed in tears once she was behind the closed door of her office, so be it – but she had to stick the entrance.
CeeCee made it to her office and closed her door with an exhale of relief.  Against her better judgment, she had to admit to herself that having her colleagues stare at her as if she were a real-life celebrity was a little exhilarating.  Granted, CeeCee recognized she was in the middle of a media nightmare.  ‘Cougargate’ and ‘Cougarette’ were still trending topics on Twitter and Billy’s promo tour kept the scandal sensational.  Yet moments like this made her pleasantly smug.  Interns, secretaries, even the custodian! They all stopped what they were doing once they saw her step off of the elevator.  Two weeks ago, none of them looked in her direction.  One innocent kiss on the cheek changed that.  
CeeCee learned a lot about herself during her week off.  She realized that come what may from this shitstorm, she will persevere.  She was going to find the silver lining in this grey cloud, snatch it out of the sky and jump rope with it!
Laney opened the door while CeeCee sat and waited for her computer to boot up.  “Welcome back. Sheesh, I knew the office would be chatty when you came in but damn!  They are acting like a Kardashian just walked into the building. They were literally pointing and staring at your office until I came around the corner.  I know this sucks, but I hope you are enjoying at least a tiny part of this fleeting fame.” 
CeeCee got up from her desk and hugged Laney. “You know what? I am. I spent way too much time in my feelings about this all week. But now, what the hell? The story is bound to die off eventually and I’ll go back to being plain ol’ CeeCee Banks.  For now, I am going to enjoy this whole Cougarette thing for a minute.”  
“That’s the spirit! Now, I don’t want to rain on your paparazzi parade but Waterstone wants us both in his office in 15 minutes.” 
CeeCee’s temporary high came crashing down.  “Tell me the truth - am I going to get fired?” 
Laney walked over to CeeCee’s Keurig near her desk and spun the K-Cup carousel. “I’m telling you the truth: I have no fucking clue.  This meeting will be the first time I’ve had to speak with Waterstone since the scandal broke.  I’m guessing Frank Richmond did good on his threat to request a public mea culpa from the firm.”
CeeCee sighed. “Well, it is what it is.  I can’t stop Waterstone from firing me.  At least I’ll get a good package, right?” 
Laney filled her mug with piping hot java as she grabbed CeeCee’s mug off of her desk to do the same. “Oh, hell yes! I’ll see to that personally.  Remember when Bob Ringer in Finance got fired for threatening his secretary-slash-mistress last year?  They gave the son of a bitch three years pension!” Laney’s shoulders dropped as she looked at CeeCee with sad eyes. “I don’t want you to go.  Oh Cee.” 
CeeCee walked over to give her dear friend a hug. “Come on, we’ll still see each other all the time.  Lunches, drinks at O’Malley’s...” 
Laney sniffled. “But how are we gonna find office time to plan the wedding if you aren’t here?”
CeeCee released her friend from her embrace and stared at her. “Whose wedding?” 
Laney flashed her left hand, which was adorned with a diamond-encrusted platinum ring. “Mine. Roxy proposed last night!” 
The two of them screamed like schoolgirls. CeeCee examined Laney’s new bling.  “I mean, I knew you two were doing better but I didn’t know y’all were talking marriage.  Roxy mentioned nothing during my massage on Friday. Holy shit, Laney! You’re getting...civilly unionized!” 
“It was a complete surprise. Ever since we moved in together, things have just clicked. I am so excited - I want you to be my matron of honor.” 
“Of course! I cannot wait to start helping you plan. Please tell me you are wearing a dress for once in your life.” 
Laney grabbed her coffee, smoothing down her blonde pixie cut in CeeCee’s full length mirror near the door.  “Girl, let’s not get carried away. Okay - deep breaths.  Let’s get to Waterstone’s.  Either way it goes, remember this - you are fabulous and people love you, okay?” 
CeeCee closed her eyes for a second, took a deep breath and had a last gulp of her coffee. “Okay.  Let’s do this.” 
The two held their heads high as Laney opened the door.  They clicked their heels in unison upstairs to Waterstone’s office.
Fred Waterstone was a 40-year veteran in the international public relations arena.  He was every -ist in the book: racist, sexist, ageist.  With a syrupy Texan drawl, he was full of Southern charm so he disguised his less than savory attributes well.  In short, he was your typical old rich asshole.
Six-feet-five and tipping the scale at almost 300 pounds, Waterstone was a physical as well as a manipulative force to reckon with at the firm.  He rarely left his ivory tower of an office and certainly didn’t lower himself to meet with middle managers and VPs. CeeCee and Laney both understood the magnitude of this meeting and knew that the only way they’d get out unscathed was to be genteel ladies - something neither of them were.
“No complaining. No swearing. No back talk.” Laney whispered to CeeCee as they walked toward the secretary’s desk. 
“No raised voices, legs crossed at the ankle, and of course, put on your great big smile!” CeeCee finished, baring all of her shiny white teeth at Laney.  It’s a list many women at the firm were very familiar with when it came to meeting with Waterstone.  It was demeaning, chauvinistic and set women back a half a century, but it also meant job security at the only Fortune 500 public relations firm in Chicago.
Once the two were escorted into Waterstone’s huge office by his very young and very busty secretary, they saw the big man standing by his window, looking down on the activity of the firm’s busy bees. 
Laney got his attention. “Mr. Waterstone. Good morning.” 
Waterstone’s oversized belly turned around before the rest of him did. “Ladies.  Have a seat. You both look simply lovely today.” He glanced at a slip of paper on his desk. “Elaine Towns and Cecelia...Banks? Didn’t your last name used to be foreign?” 
Laney cleared her throat to send a signal of patience to CeeCee before she answered. 
“Yes. Carello was my married name. My former husband is Italian.” 
Waterstone smiled as he sat in his leather reclining desk chair. “Knew an eye-talian fella back in my hometown of Stanton. Nice guy. Made a killin’ in the rare coin business. He truly did, ladies - had a bustlin’ chain of antique stores out in Fort Worth. That’s not code for bein’ a mafia thug or anything like that, know what I mean?” 
He gave a wink to a smiling CeeCee as she fought every internal urge not to walk out of the room.  Laney decided to move the conversation forward. 
“We understand you are a busy man so we are thrilled to have found some time in your schedule today.” 
Waterstone cleared his throat as he leaned back into his chair. “Yes, so, as you are both aware, the firm has been very pleased with Cecelia’s work on the Big Styles Entertainment account.  I had an opportunity to speak with Mr. Richmond this weekend during a conference call and he had nothing but splendid compliments for Miss Banks.” 
Laney nodded. CeeCee grimaced. 
“Mr. Waterstone, I am happy to hear that the client was pleased with my work.” 
Waterstone chuckled as he slowly rose up from his chair. “Well now, hold your horses, sweetheart.  It’s no secret that your recent tryst with the client has left a foul mark on the firm.”
CeeCee felt a tug of war brewing in her psyche. While she sought to clear up the blatant misconception, she also wanted to use that energy to brace herself for whatever was coming next.
Waterstone walked around to the front of his desk to face the two women seated in front of him. “On the other hand, this rush of press has resulted in two number one hit singles and the album being released tomorrow has already exceeded pre-sale projections of over 250,000 physical units.  That’s unheard of for a debut release in this electronic era.” 
When Laney and CeeCee looked at him blank faced, he continued. “Therefore, I have asked you both to meet with me today so that I could formally offer Cecelia - with Elaine’s approval, of course - a 10% raise effective immediately.”
The two stared at Waterstone as he walked back to his desk. 
“I absolutely approve. Mr. Waterstone, thank you. This is a very generous offer and I’ll ask your secretary to forward the necessary paperwork to me.  You’ll have to forgive our collective shock because—”
“—because you thought Cecelia was being fired today.  Quite the contrary, missy.  Now, do not misunderstand.  Staff canoodlin’ with clients is prohibitive behavior under normal circumstances.  Had this resulted in that boy’s record droppin’ on the charts like a boulder in the Bee Tree Swamp, Miss Banks here would be out on her pretty little ass.” 
He zeroed in on CeeCee with a sultry stare. “Darlin’, you are officially my good luck charm. Just try to keep those knees together in the future, will ya?” 
He winked and turned his recliner toward the window, effectively dismissing the ladies. Laney and CeeCee left his office without another word.

“What a pompous asshole!” Laney drummed her pen on her desk as CeeCee paced the floor.  
“He’s paying me off.  He truly believes that I had sex with a client.  But he’s okay with it because the client has a number one album in the making. This is wrong. I can’t accept the raise.” 
Laney got up from her desk to block CeeCee’s walking. “Hold up. Let’s not be foolish.” 
CeeCee frowned. “Laney. He’s treating me like a whore! You would never stand for this.” 
“I also only have myself to take care of and my future wife owns a spa.  You are divorced with temporary alimony.   You have a son that’s about to go to an Ivy League college. You need this paycheck! My advice - and please take it very seriously: Ignore Waterstone and get paid.”
CeeCee finished out her work day and thought about what Laney had to say on her way home in the gridlock traffic. On one hand, Laney was right - Yale was expensive.  CeeCee and Tony had done the math when they were still married and Junior was a high school freshman.  Even with the academic scholarships Junior was sure to be awarded, Tony calculated that they would still have to pay in excess of $40,000 annually - and that was three years ago.  On the other hand, this was the first time in her career where her morals were forced to come into play. Was maintaining this facade really worth it? Who was CeeCee becoming?

Chapter 17
In April, something glorious happened: The mistress of Governor Bill Sampson spilled her guts to ZMT about their three-year affair.  Besides admitting to having sex with the horny politico in the Executive Mansion on multiple occasions, Playboy pinup Penny Simmons also confessed to participating in a threesome and enduring an abortion - both at Governor Sampson’s request.
Just like that, The Cougarette was literally yesterday’s news.
Laney raised her pint of Budweiser. “Here’s to Penny Simmons and her big mouth!” 
CeeCee raised her French martini. “Hear, Hear!” 
The two gleefully toasted from their usual back booth in O’Malley’s after work.  They were celebrating not only the end of a nightmare, but the beginning of a dream - Laney’s engagement.  
CeeCee took a sip and pulled a thick glossy magazine out of her tote. “Okay. I know you don’t want to wear a dress but,” She flipped to a page tabbed with a blue Post-It note. 
“This has you written all over it. Good straight lines, no frills, not at all girly but hella fierce. I made a phone call to a shop on Wabash that has it off the rack and in your size.  After drinks, let’s—” 
Laney slapped her hand over the page as CeeCee began tearing it out. “Listen, dammit.  No dresses!  I don’t give a...” Her pause made CeeCee look up from the page. She followed Laney’s gaze to the front entrance, where Jay stood looking back at her.
This was her first time seeing him in over a month - at least, in person. CeeCee stopped at the newsstand for a bottled water during one of her runs and saw him on the cover of Chicago.  She purchased a copy of the magazine and spent the rest of her morning soaking in the article and photo shoot when she arrived home, even postponing her shower.  
Jay had become a local celebrity overnight since the success of the Oscar-winning movie Drifter. Standing in the entrance, he still looked like the same Jay Weston: brooding and handsome, wearing Clark Kent-style spectacles.  
As he walked over, Laney gathered her purse and coat. CeeCee grabbed her arm. “Bitch, where are you going? Don’t leave me here with him.” 
“Cut the shit.  You’re hopeless without him. That and I can get out of this wedding dress hunt on Wabash with you.  Here he comes.” 
Jay approached the booth, looking even sexier up close.  He wore a fitted black tee underneath a leather bomber jacket and ripped jeans. CeeCee felt that familiar tingle and hated herself for it.
“Cecelia Banks. It’s been a minute. Hey Laney. How you been?” 
Laney stood up. “Great. Leaving. Sit. Talk. Make up, for fuck’s sake.” She winked at her friend and silently mouthed Call Me as she left the bar.
 Jay sat next to CeeCee and looked at his hands folded on the table. He was so close to her, she could smell his honey musk-scented soap – an aroma she missed like crazy.
He cleared his throat before breaking the silence.  “I came here every day for a week, hoping to see you.” 
“You’ll have to forgive me.  I was busy hiding from paparazzi planted in your garage.  I called you once and you couldn’t bring yourself to return my call.”
Jay moved his hand to brush hers with his index finger. “I’m sorry. I wasn’t ready to call you. Baby, I...I just needed—” 
CeeCee moved her hand away. “You needed? I was being dragged through the media for over a month and you never called me back. You never reached out.” She paused before she asked the burning question. “Did you leak info about me to ZMT? Is that why you avoided me?” 
Jay turned to face her. “Wow.  Seriously, Cee?  Of course not! I would never do something so dirty. I love you.  I never stopped loving you.” 
CeeCee downed the rest of her martini in one gulp and put on her shawl. “Hmph.  You certainly stopped calling me. I gotta go.” She grabbed her tote and got up to leave. 
Jay followed behind her. “CeeCee, wait! Stop!” 
As the two ran out into the spring night, Jay grabbed CeeCee’s arm, spun her around and gave her a thunderous kiss. CeeCee’s body warmed up instantly. 
Jay whispered against her lips.  “I was jealous.  I was a fool to let you walk out of my life.  You needed me and I wasn’t man enough to stand by you.  I’m sorry.” 
He looped his arms around her waist as he looked into her eyes. “Come home with me. Let me make it up to you.” 
CeeCee’s body screamed for him but she fought the urge. “I can’t. Not tonight,” 
She released herself from his embrace. “We still have a lot to discuss.  A lot.” 
Jay looked down. “I know, I know. There is just so much I have to explain to you.  Everything has been popping off: the movies, the interviews, reconnecting with my biological father. I even quit drinking.”
That last sentence immediately got CeeCee’s attention.  “Really? Wow. That’s...that’s great, Jay.” 
He moved closer to her.  “I mean, it wasn’t like a twelve-step type of situation. I couldn’t get over the way I treated you that night.  I haven’t had a drink since.” 
CeeCee smiled. “I read your profile in Chicago.  One quote you said stuck with me: I hope that my craft inspires the next generation of graffiti artists to keep tagging. You never told me about your graffiti artist past.” 
Jay inched toward CeeCee and reached for her hand. “There’s a lot I haven’t told you about me.  That’s why I want you to come home with me tonight.” 
CeeCee folded into his strong embrace. Jay gently pushed her braids over her right shoulder, leaned into the crook of her neck and punctuated the end of each short sentence with a kiss.
“I’ll cook. We’ll talk.  We’ll eat in front of the fireplace. You’ll have Merlot. I’ll have milk.”	CeeCee giggled as Jay continued with kisses on her earlobe.
“We’ll make sweet, slow love. Taste each other. I miss being inside of you.” 
“I miss you inside of me, too...but not tonight.” 
Jay raised his head up from her neck. “Hardball, huh?” 
“Not at all.  I said that we have to talk.  No booty until that happens.”
He nodded.  “Cool.  Tell you what.  I have to be in New York to discuss this project I’m—” 
“The Machine Men?”
Jay’s eyebrows jumped in surprise. “Yes.  How did you know?”
CeeCee smiled. “I have my sources.”
“Been keepin’ tabs on me, huh?  That’s cute. Anyway, I’m leaving Thursday, back on a red eye Saturday morning.  Dinner that night. My place. Nine.  That work for you?”
“I’ll pencil you in.”
Jay chuckled.  “You’ll pencil me in? Again, cute. Come here.”
He captured her lips again, sparking an internal debate within CeeCee. She wanted to stop playing hardball and start playing with Jay.  Her better judgment weighed out.
She released herself from him. “Go home.  Now.”
Jay backed away, never taking his eyes off of hers. “Fine.  You win.  Don’t bother wearing panties Saturday. They’ll just be as soaked as the ones you have on right now.” 
He winked and hailed a taxi as CeeCee watched the sexiest man she’d ever met coast down Fullerton Avenue in a yellow cab. 
As much as CeeCee lusted for the man, the mystery behind him kept her at an emotional distance. What else was he hiding about his past? What was the deal with his biological father? She vowed to get the answers to those questions and more before laying with Jay’s beautiful body again.
*****
“Here’s to one helluva son, who is gonna drive his old man and old lady here into the poorhouse, but it’s totally worth it. To Anthony Carello, Jr., future Bulldog!” Tony toasted loudly with proud papa bravado. 
CeeCee and the boys were having lunch the next day at Junior’s favorite pizza joint.  It was the site for many Carello family events: birthdays, end-of-school-year celebrations, promotions and today - Junior’s acceptance into Yale University.  
He received his letter via certified mail earlier that morning and his screams of joy woke up CeeCee. As a reward, she agreed that they would both play hooky so they could celebrate at Mariano’s.
 “Cheers! I cannot believe it - my baby is going to Yale.  So, so proud of you!” 
“Thanks guys.  I couldn’t have done it without you two.” 
Tony bellowed. “You can say that again! I’m sure Professor Brown is thrilled for you as well. He’s been a huge help over the years.” 
Junior took a bite of his pepperoni slice. “Oh, I forgot to tell you guys.  Professor Brown’s mother passed away last week.  I guess she had been pretty sick for a while so he took time off at the beginning of this semester to take care of her. He’s back at Bradley now but the whole thing seems pretty sad.” 
CeeCee nodded. “Yeah, that is terrible.  I’ll drop a card and some flowers off at the school tomorrow for him.” 
Tony cleared his throat. “Ceese - Debbie and I have set a date for the wedding and I would like Junior to serve as my best man.” 
CeeCee considered it as she sprinkled Parmesan cheese on her slice of veggie pizza. “Well, as long as Junior wants to, I’m okay with it.” 
Both Tonys smiled.  “Thanks Ceese.  Hey, you are invited to come if you want.  Debbie wasn’t crazy about that idea at first, but she came around.” 
CeeCee almost replied that she wasn’t too crazy about the idea of Debbie fucking her husband behind her back for months but she came around.  Instead, she chose to take the mature route.
Growth, Cecelia Nicole. Growth.  
“I appreciate the invitation. When’s the wedding?” 
Tony wiped his mouth with a napkin. “May 29th.” 
CeeCee could hardly contain the sarcasm in her voice. “Oh shoot!  That’s the same date as Laney and Roxy’s wedding.  I’m the Matron of Honor so I have to be there instead. Darn.” 
Tony and Junior stared at each other before laughing. 
“Real slick, Mom.” 
Tony took a sip of his Bud Light. “Yeah, Ceese. You seem pretty broken up about it.” 
She touched Tony’s hand. “Tony, we will always be friends.  However, we will never be that friendly, m’kay? A wedding between two accountants sounds exciting.  What are the wedding colors? Beige and beige?” 
Junior and Tony let out a collective “Burn!” as they collapsed in laughter.
Letting go of the drama of the past month had done CeeCee a world of good.  Her relationship with Tony had reached a good place, her son was going to an Ivy League university in the fall, her newest client was Elizabeth May Brandon aka Betty the Vampire Slayer - a 75-year-old bestselling local author of Southern vampire chick lit (hardly  a paparazzi magnet, thank goodness!).  Best of all, her identity of being The Cougarette was finally behind her.
CeeCee hoped that she and Jay could find their way back to each other. She needed many answers first.

Chapter 18
CeeCee knocked on Professor Brown’s office door. “Stanley, I hope I’m not interrupting.” 
Stanley looked up, annoyed at first.  When he laid eyes on CeeCee, his face softened. “Cecelia, what a pleasant surprise.  Do come in.” 
She placed the potted orchids she was carrying on his polished wooden desk and sat in the chair across from him. “I was running some errands over my lunch hour and wanted to drop this off.  I am so sorry to hear about the loss of your mother.” 
Stanley looked at the plant as a bittersweet smile grew on his face. “Why...thank you for thinking of me.  This is lovely.  I’m actually glad you stopped by.  I’m arranging a college tour in June for some of my tenth and eleventh grade biology students.  We’ll hit the East Coast, including Connecticut.  I thought Anthony would like to come along as a role model to the younger kids, maybe get a look at the Yale campus early.” 
CeeCee was taken aback and then realized he was talking about her son. 
“Oh, Junior.” she chuckled.  “My ex-husband sometimes goes by his full name instead of Tony so I wondered for a minute there why a middle-aged accountant needed to go on a college tour.” 
Stanley laughed along with CeeCee. “Now, I don’t mean to pry but you two seem to get along pretty well for a divorced couple.  I’ve come across many parents that demand separate conferences with me because they cannot stand being in the same room together.” 
CeeCee shrugged.  “Not to overshare, because I tend to do so, but my marriage was one of those situations where after the yelling, the fighting and all that in between, we both realized it just wasn’t working anymore. Our main concern was and remains to be the welfare of Junior.” 
 “Well, no worries there, as far as I can tell.  Antho-, I mean, Junior has blossomed this year as a lab assistant and a tutor to his peers. I can understand the woes of marriage quite well.  I was married for twenty-five years before my divorce.  She passed away shortly after that.  Car accident.  Needless to say, we were nowhere near the good terms you and Tony are at the time of her death.  We had...lots of stuff from the past that are still loose ends today.  Still a regret for me but it makes me happy to see someone succeed where I failed.” 
“Thank you.  Divorce is never easy.  I’m grateful that Junior has managed to stay sane through it all.  He and Candace seem to be getting along very well.  Thank you for introducing them.  She’s a lovely girl.”
Stanley smiled.  “I adore her.  My sister told me that she is busy with prom details.    How’s Junior coming along with getting ready?”
The prom.  Junior hadn’t mentioned it to her.  The only four-letter word she’d heard out of him lately was Yale.  That child and his one track mind!  “Well, you know, boys are easy.  Rent a tux.  Buy a corsage.  Find transportation.  Done.”  
CeeCee noticed the time on Stanley’s desk clock. “Well, I know you are busy and I have to get going before I’m late getting back to the office.” 
They rose at the same time. “Thank you for stopping by, Cecelia.  I know I am about to break every rule in the book but I cannot let you walk out of my office without asking.  Are you seeing anyone?” 
Tony’s voice instantly rang in CeeCee’s head: You know he’s always had a thing for you.
She cleared her throat with a smile.  “I’m actually in limbo with a situation right now, but if that changes, I’ll let you know...after Junior graduates in one and a half months, of course!”
Stanley nodded. “Right, right.  Forgive me for being so forward.” 
CeeCee reached out and touched Stanley’s arm. “No apology necessary, Stanley. I’m flattered.  It’s not every day a biologist tries to hit on me." 
Stanley gave her a bashful smile. “Have a wonderful rest of the day, Cecelia.” 
She turned to him as she walked out of his office. “Please, call me CeeCee.  Bye Stanley.”

*****
CeeCee could smell the spicy cuisine permeating from Jay’s apartment before she knocked on the door. When Jay appeared, he looked handsome dressed in a green silk button-down shirt with creased jeans. 
“Spanish.  My favorite. Pulling out all of the stops, I see.  How was New York?” She slowly walked in, sporting a black silk tank and snug off-white jeans. CeeCee felt Jay’s eyes on every corner of her petite frame but she wasn’t falling for his charms until they had a very fruitful conversation.
Jay took her jacket out of her arms and hung it on the rack. “New York was cool.  I’ll fill you in over dinner.  I tried my very best to replicate Ricardo’s shrimp quesadillas and their signature sangria - sans alcohol, of course.” He gently took her hand, leading her into the kitchen. 
“And the rice pilaf? No one can replicate that deliciousness.” 
He grabbed a wine goblet from the overhead holder and poured CeeCee a glass of sangria. “Oh word? That’s okay.  My Spanish rice is the bomb and I am almost certain that you will agree. By the way, you look sexy as hell tonight.” 
CeeCee ignored his blatant attempt at flirting.  “Thank you. Is dinner almost done cooking?” 
Jay chuckled to himself. “It’s done...just like any chances of me making love to you until we talk, right?” 
“Damn straight - so start talking.”
While they dined by candlelight, Jay gave CeeCee an update on every aspect of his life –

His biological father: “He reached out to me right after you and I split. We met for lunch and had what I thought was a good exchange.  Promised we would keep in touch and all of that and then POOF.  He stopped returning my calls again.  It’s frustrating but I’m not going to stop reaching out, ya know? I plan to keep communication open on my end, no matter what.”

His decision to stop drinking: “That night, I was so jealous.  Lonely.  I went out with one of my frat brothers and had a few. When I got home, I cracked open a bottle of yak and called you.  I was angry that you didn’t immediately leave the science fair and come see me. I know that sounds ridiculous and it was.  I saw that as another rejection in my life.  So, when you came over, I wanted to show you how furious I was through sex.  When I woke up the next morning alone, I knew I had hurt you and made you bear the brunt of my anger.  I realized that alcohol was the main influence.”

His newfound success: “After Drifter won at the Oscars, Marty called me.  Said the director of The Machine Men wanted to see what I could come up with.  The next day, I did nothing but sketch and watch post-apocalyptic movies – Mad Max, Waterworld, I Am Legend.  After working for a solid week on the design, the director was thrilled with my second draft and here we are.  During my trip to New York, it was settled: 5,000 billboards across 40 states next spring and summer. It’s been crazy but I’m living my dream.”

CeeCee soaked in all of Jay’s words, not interrupting one syllable.  This was the most that Jay had opened up to her since they started dating.  She reached out for his hand over the table.
“Thank you, baby.  Thank you for being so open and honest with me.  I love you and I am here for you as long as you keep letting me in.” 
Jay lifted her hand and kissed her palm. “I love you, baby.  I’ll never shut you out again.”
CeeCee leaned over and gave him a long deep kiss.  When she felt Jay almost climb the table, she stopped him with a laugh. “Wait! Let’s clear the dishes before we get to the lovin’, baby.” 
He looked down at the table with a groan. “Okay, but let’s hurry up, though!”
She helped him clear the plates and silverware. “I have to say - your career is taking off, baby.  Your agent sounds like a godsend.  Trust me, most of the agents we work with at the firm don’t care about their clients half as much.  You are lucky to have Marty.” 
Jay rinsed dishes and loaded them into the dishwasher. “My guy Frankie Rich introduced me to Marty at an artist showcase a few years back. It’s been smooth sailing ever since.  Can’t say the same for Frankie and I.  Haven’t talked to him in a while. He started his own music label and now he’s too big time...”
The name Frankie Rich instantly reminded CeeCee of her brunch conversation and fateful kiss with Billy BadAss.  
“Frank Richmond is your friend?” CeeCee glared at Jay.
 “Oh, you know him?” 
CeeCee angrily tossed the dirty dish she was holding into the sink. “Do I know him? He manages Billy BadAss.” 
Jay’s face registered the connection. “Damn. I never even thought about that.  What...you have bad blood with him?” 
“Are you seriously asking if I have bad blood with a man who tried to destroy my character? He refused to let Billy make a statement denouncing the rumors.  He allowed Billy to ride this drama into a number one album.” 
She moved closer to him and squinted. “You are the mole! I cannot fucking believe you! You used your relationship with Frank to advance your career and almost derail mine!” CeeCee stomped out of the kitchen with Jay not too far behind.  
“I haven’t spoken to Frankie in almost three years, I swear to you.  Cee, you have to believe me!” 
CeeCee turned to face Jay as she grabbed her jacket from the rack. “You are a liar! Plain and simple - I don’t believe anything you have to say.” 
She opened the door. “I should have never gotten involved with you so soon after my divorce.  I let a pretty smile and good dick overrule my common sense.” 
“So that’s all this was? Great sex, huh? Look, I know you are pissed but don’t you dare devalue what we have.  What about what we just said to each other over dinner?  This is real.  This is love, baby.” 
“You’re a fucking kid.  What the hell do you know about love? Besides, you are clearly manipulative and self-serving.  Your career is skyrocketing while I’m being slut-shamed in my office on a daily basis.  Congratulations – your plan worked. Go to hell and never EVER contact me again!” CeeCee slammed the door behind her and prayed that Jay wouldn’t follow her - and he didn’t. 
*****
CeeCee threw herself headfirst into other projects to prevent herself from thinking of Jay.  
First on her To Do List: College Prep for Junior.  
She created a four-page checklist of everything Junior would need in the fall at Yale. 
“You know they have pre made lists online.  It’s called Google, Mom.” Junior huffed as his mother stood over him in the den as he played Halo on the computer.  
“Google is not a mother.  You are my only child and I am not shipping you 870 miles away without all of the proper equipment.  I also took it upon myself to research the dorms.  I read that the Silliman dormitory is the best rated among freshmen.  I have a weblink to a virtual tour of one of their rooms.  If you’ll pause the game for just a second, I can...” 
Junior slammed his hands on the computer desk.  “Mom! Enough! You have got to chill out with all of this planning! Can I graduate first? Jeez!” 
CeeCee walked up to her son and rubbed his back. “Junior...I’m sorry for the pressure. I truly am. I had no idea you were feeling this way.  It’s completely understandable to feel anxious about going away to college, especially somewhere as prestigious as Yale.  I know you will succeed, baby. You are greatness.”
Junior stood up.  “I know this.  I’m not worried about Yale.  It’s the only thing I’ve ever wanted.”
“So, why are you—”
“I can’t dance!” His shoulders slumped.
CeeCee furrowed her brows.  “You…can’t dance?”
“Prom’s in a week and I know Candace is going to want to slow dance.  You know I’ve never been to a school dance before.  They are pedantic.  I didn’t think I’d even go to prom.  Definitely didn’t think I’d have a girlfriend. What am I going to do?”
CeeCee smiled.  He was so cute. “Junior, I could teach you how to slow dance.  I have been to a prom or two in my life.”
Junior turned to face his mother.  “Thank you.  Sorry for blowing up at you. Can I see your list?”
“Sure.” She handed it to Junior and he glanced through the pages. “Yale charges an arm and a leg for fridge rental.  We’ll buy our own. Keep your list.  I know how much you love them.” 
A smile grew wide on CeeCee’s face as she reached up on her tiptoes and kissed her son on the cheek. “I will add it to the list - and I will also back off...a little. Very little.”
Junior smirked down at his mother and kissed her forehead. “I wouldn’t have it any other way, Ma.”
Second on her To Do List: Finding a wedding day ensemble for Laney.  
“No. No. Hell no. No. Do you even know me?” 
Laney quickly vetoed four of CeeCee’s picks while she sipped champagne in one of the private salon rooms in Holtman’s Bridal Couture. CeeCee and the shop associate continued looking through two pre-selected racks for ideas.  
“I do know you - you are stubborn and dead set on wearing a black suit.  I’ve seen Roxy’s dress.  A black suit will not work.  It’s your wedding, not a business meeting. Loosen up! Now....how about...this?” She held up a flowing Lazaro white strapless jumpsuit with a floral lace appliqué jacket. CeeCee and the eager associate beamed in anticipation of Laney’s verdict. 
Laney downed the last of her champagne.  “Okay, yes.” 
CeeCee squealed.  “Thank you! We have a yes.”  She handed the associate the pantsuit, which she hung on the back hook of a dressing room door.  The associate left to find similar ensembles for Laney’s review.
CeeCee grabbed the bottle of Moët out of the ice bucket. “An hour to pick out one outfit? I deserve all of the bubbly!” 
Laney chuckled as her friend poured herself a glass and refilled her own. “How long did it take Roxy when you two were here yesterday?” 
“In and out in exactly 30 minutes.  But Roxy knows fashion - which is more than I can say for her fiancée.” 
“Fashion, my ass. I know exactly how that conversation went: Yes, we want something that looks like the top of a wedding cake. The fluffier, the better. SOLD!”
CeeCee elbowed her friend when she sat on the couch. “I won’t give too much away but Roxy’s dress is beautiful and not at all the confectionary dessert you think it is. You will be very pleased.”
Laney pushed herself up off of the couch and thumbed through the rack. “So, while you girls were here sorting through clouds of taffeta and tulle, I saw Jay at O’Malley’s - sipping ginger ale on the rocks, FYI,”
She turned to face CeeCee. “He’s miserable without you, Cee. It’s been a week. He said that you haven’t returned any of his calls.  I know he’s sent a garden of roses to your office, and frankly - he looks like shit. It takes a lot for a man that fine to look like shit. Will you even consider—” 
CeeCee raised her hand. “Don’t. We are here for your wedding planning, not to discuss Jay.”
“Exactly - my wedding planning. That means I choose the topic of conversation.” 
She sat down to face CeeCee. “One phone call.  At least consider it. I know I was the first one that even put the thought of him being the mole into your brain.  Heaven knows I regret it now.  After talking with him yesterday, I’m convinced he had nothing to do with the media leak - especially after what you and I have learned about the label.”
Two days prior, Rolling Stone published a tell-all expose about Big Styles Entertainment, which alleged that Frank Richmond had maintained a financial relationship with several media outlets for years, including ZMT.  While there was a small reference to the Cougarette scandal, most of the article focused on the CEO’s shady business practices and contained snippets of interviews with former label artists claiming to have been swindled out of millions by Richmond.  The day after the article was published, Billy BadAss fired Richmond and lawyered up in an effort to be released from his contract. 
“ZMT didn’t need Jay - Richmond’s been bankrolling them for years. Jay wasn’t involved.  He had no clue.  He truly loves you, honey.” 
CeeCee stood up with her black leather clutch tucked firmly under her arm. “First, you convince me that he’s the bad guy and now you are all Team Jay. Ridiculous!  I’m NOT calling him. Period.  In fact, I need to leave.” 
Laney followed CeeCee to the entrance of the boutique. “Cee, just please...when you cool off, call him.” CeeCee got into her SUV and drove off as Laney watched while sipping Moët.

Chapter 19
The next day at work, CeeCee apologized to Laney.
“I overreacted.  I shouldn’t have stormed out on you. I’m sorry. Do you forgive me?”
Laney tapped her manicured nails on her desk.  “Leaving me in that wretched place, surrounded by tacky white dresses.  Hell no, I don’t forgive you.”
“Oh, you looked just fine sipping champagne as I left.  Don’t think I didn’t see you.”
“I wasn’t going to let the bubbly go flat chasing after your emotional ass. Did you call Jay as I instructed?”
CeeCee scoffed. “No.  Now that I’m not apologizing for.  He and I are done.”
Laney sighed. “You like to learn things the hard way.  Love is crazy, Cee.  Just six months ago, I was on the phone with you threatening to kick Roxy in the cunt. Now we are getting married.  You cannot give up on him so quickly.”
“Okay, okay.  I just need to do this at my own pace.  I’ll call him eventually.”
Laney opened her wallet. “Good enough, but I’d pick up the pace if I were you.  Someone like Jay won’t be alone for long. Successful and gorgeous? Mark my words. Now, on to happier topics…”  She waved a slip of paper at CeeCee.
CeeCee grabbed it out of her hand and read it with a smile. “A receipt from Holtman’s? You bought the jumpsuit!”
Laney shrugged.  “I got just drunk enough to follow your advice.”
The two reviewed wedding plans for another hour.  Thanks to CeeCee, they were full speed ahead: the open field in Shepard’s Park had been leased for the ceremony, the sous de chef at the restaurant where Laney and Roxy had their first date agreed to cater the event and the small bridal party had been fitted for their formalwear.  
Laney’s phone buzzed shortly before 10am.  She looked at the Caller ID screen and put a finger over her lips as she pressed the speakerphone button.  “Good morning, Mr. Waterstone.”
“You and Miss Banks in my office in five minutes.  Billy BadAss is leaving Big Styles Entertainment.” The line clicked off. 
Rolling Stone’s feature exposing Frank Richmond as a con artist had taken on a life of its’ own.  After Billy’s legal team was able to find an escape clause in his contract, Billy scheduled a press conference hosted by his newly hired management team, Platinum Noize Entertainment.   During the press conference, Billy not only announced his departure from the Big Styles imprint, but also revealed Richmond’s role behind the Cougarette scandal. He read his crafted statement to an audience of reporters and press staff:

My team has gathered irrefutable proof that Mr. Richmond leaked photographs of me in a seemingly compromising position with Ms. Cecelia Banks, a woman with whom I held only a professional business relationship.  Because of Mr. Richmond’s illicit business practices, I could not continue serving as an artist for his label.  I am looking forward to many years of success with my new team at Platinum Noize and I thank all of my fans for their undying support.

Laney and CeeCee watched an online stream of the press conference in Waterstone’s office.  Waterstone clicked on the lights in his office as the 180-inch elevated screen slowly rolled up and disappeared into the ceiling. CeeCee was relieved that Billy had finally told the truth about the nature of their relationship, but something told her Waterstone wasn’t as happy about that revelation and the potential aftermath of its’ effects.
“Ladies. We have a problem.  A big problem.” Waterstone’s voice boomed as he reclined into his squeaking desk chair. 
Laney responded first.  “Mr. Waterstone, I understand this presents a challenge for the firm but I also think we should bear in mind that the client has all but confirmed Mr. Richmond’s undoing is his own - not that of—” 
Waterstone raised his patronizing hand to interrupt Laney. “Former client.  We should also keep in mind, Miss Towns, that this undoing wouldn’t have been sparked if not for the unprofessional and untoward behavior of Miss Banks.” 
He stared at CeeCee, clearly waiting for an apology.  A mea culpa.  He wanted CeeCee to grovel at his at fat feet.  
That’s when Cecelia Nicole Banks decided that enough was enough.

CeeCee couldn’t take it anymore.  She was sick and tired of second-guessing herself at every turn.  Second-guessing herself as a wife. Second-guessing herself as a divorcee. Second-guessing herself as a mother.  Second-guessing herself as a capable lover of a much younger man.  And now, Waterstone wanted her to second-guess herself as a professional.  Not today.  Not. Today.
She felt herself standing up, opening her mouth and the words rushing out like vomit.
“With all due respect - no, actually, with ZERO respect, because respect is reciprocal and you’ve yet to show absolutely any respect for me.  I’ve worked hard for this company for twenty years, coordinating hundreds of events and handling each and every one of my clients with the courtesy and esteem they deserved.  I put everything I had into interviewing for my current position and by all accounts, the client and his management were happy with my work.  And you were very pleased with my alleged unprofessionalism and untowardness so much that you advanced my salary.  Quite frankly, I should have rejected it.  I should have walked the hell out of here but I didn’t.  You know why? Because I love what I do and I deserved that raise. Every goddamn penny. Now, I will readily admit that I shouldn’t have attended my client’s afterparty but that was a single blemish on an otherwise untarnished two decades of service.  I would never sleep with a client to enhance my professional reputation.  You, on the other hand, were willing to pretend that I would in order to enhance yours. THAT is unprofessional and untoward, sir.  Good day, Mr. Waterstone.”
The sound of her stilettos clicking on the tile as she exited splashed the proverbial cold water of reality on CeeCee.  She just went ballistic on the CEO of the company.  
The rest of her morning was spent hidden in her office - replying to emails, answering voicemails, fine-tuning an events schedule for her client’s book signing next week.  CeeCee would continue with her day’s work until she was told otherwise.  At 1pm sharp, Laney knocked on CeeCee’s office door.  She sat across from her best friend in silence for 20 slow seconds before speaking in a dry measured tone.
“I’ve just finished meeting with Mr. Waterstone and the Associate Director of Human Resources. Effective immediately, you have been relieved of your post at Jones & Waterstone Public Relations Management.  I asked that you be spared the traditional HR escort from the building with me serving as your escort instead.  I have insured that you will receive a full compensatory package, the terms of which have been sent in an electronic format to your personal email.  I will make arrangements for your office to be cleaned this weekend.  All of your personal effects will be shipped to your home.   They will make the official announcement of your departure on Friday before the close of business.”  
Laney turned off her official voice. “I’m so sorry, Cee.”
CeeCee got up from her desk and reached for her coat on the rack.  Laney remained seated. “I want you to know how very proud I am of you.  In the twenty years we’ve worked together, I never thought I’d see the day you’d stand up for yourself in this building, especially to that man.  I hate to see you leave but I know this is best for you.”
CeeCee stood behind Laney and hugged her friend over her shoulders. “Thank you for everything you’ve done for me.  I know this is best for me, too.” She kissed a crying Laney on her cheek. “Let’s take that walk, bitch.”
As the two friends left the office, CeeCee realized that she was freed from the firm.  She also freed from a steady income.  Laney wiped her tears as the two hugged outside of the firm’s building. 
“So what are you going to do for the rest of the day?” 
CeeCee took a deep breath. “I think I’m going to have a drink and read all about my severance package on my iPad.” Laney watched her former employee - and permanent best friend - walk to her parking space and drive out of the Jones & Waterstone Public Relations lot for the last time.

Chapter 20
CeeCee pulled into her driveway.  For the first time in twenty years, she was unemployed.  Not only was she unemployed, CeeCee had been let go.  She had never been fired before.  Ever. 
Not from her teenage babysitting gig: Little Jacob Anderson had gotten ahold of his mother’s hot pink nail polish and pulled a Picasso on his parents’ bedroom wall while CeeCee zoned out on the couch watching The Love Boat.  She was welcomed back to sit the following weekend.  
Not from the pizza joint where she waited tables as a college coed: Often late and reeking of marijuana, she ditched a shift without notice when an impromptu Lenny Kravitz concert ticket became available.  She still managed to keep the gig.  
Today was definitely a first for her.  What do freshly fired people do?
Another round of wallowing was not an option.  CeeCee went upstairs to her room, changed out of her work clothes and tucked her iPad in her Coach tote bag.  Dressed in a tank top and relaxed fit jeans, she headed downstairs to her car. Reviewing her package required peace, quiet, and top shelf tequila - none of which she would get at he always-busy dive bar O’Malley’s. She also did not want to run the chance of seeing anyone from the firm at the popular after-five spot. 
Somewhere quiet with an unlimited supply of Don Julio...hmmm.  The Merrimont, it is. 
She put the key into the ignition.  The SUV made a whirring sound and came to rest.  Dead battery.  No surprise - the display light had been on for a week while CeeCee ignored it.  She hit the steering wheel with her fists in defeat. She took her cell phone out and called a cab. Nothing was going to keep her home, which would have only led to a low key depression and excessive caloric intake.
The Hotel Merrimont was the only high end lodging in Hampton Estates.  Their bar had a great reputation for serving strong drinks but the overall atmosphere was a snooze fest.  Whenever CeeCee and Laney didn’t feel like the hustle and bustle of O’Malley’s, they occasionally had a drink there. Occasionally.  CeeCee couldn’t remember the last time she’d been there but it was still the same drab place.  The lounge was your typical pleather-covered slice of hell but the bar was a sight to behold.  The back wall was lined with hundreds of premium liquor bottles, including the infamous Louis XIII - valued at $350 per one-ounce shot.  	
She found a circular booth with good lighting, took a deep breath and pulled her iPad out of her tote.  The waitress took her drink order as CeeCee logged into the free WiFi and scrolled through the documents.  At a glance, she could see that Laney played quite a bit of hardball with Waterstone to make this happen: sixty weeks of severance with complete health benefits retained, 2% company profit sharing for life and unused vacation days would be paid out in a separate check, tax free.  
The final attachment in the email was a non-disclosure agreement.  The severance package was dependent on CeeCee’s electronic signature on the document.  Waterstone was no Frank Richmond – he was going to make sure that his own shady business practices would never be exposed.
“There goes the plans for my tell-all.” she muttered to herself as she used her stylus to sign her name and hit Send.  The waitress brought her Don Julio margarita martini to the table.  As she signed out of her email, CeeCee heard a familiar voice.  “CeeCee, we meet again.” Professor Stanley Brown stood next to the booth.
“Stanley! What are you doing here?” CeeCee said a little too cheerfully.  
Stanley was dressed in a very sharp grey three-piece suit, not in the usual lab coat, pocket protector and jeans ensemble he wore during school hours.  He even had contacts.  CeeCee noticed how handsome he looked without his glasses.  Really handsome. 
“I’m here for a teacher’s workshop in the main ballroom. We are done for the day so I thought I’d come down for a drink. I see you are already ahead of me.” 
CeeCee blushed as she packed her tablet away. “Please have a seat.  I don’t typically daytime drink but today absolutely called for it.  I got fired.” 
A look of alarm came over his face as he sat in the booth across from her. “My goodness, CeeCee.  I am really sorry to hear that.  Do you mind sharing what happened?”
CeeCee and Stanley spent an hour talking about the rise and fall of her career.  They spent another hour talking as they ate dinner from the hotel’s budget buffet.  They found themselves really enjoying each other’s company.  CeeCee thought that things might be a little shaky after their slight flirtation in his office, but she found Stanley to be much more than a smarty pants in a starched lab coat.  
He was 46, born & raised in Chicago just like CeeCee.  He had two grown children, enjoyed reading John Grisham novels, ran a minimum of 20 miles weekly and was a die-hard Bears fan. They shared a lot of common interests.  However, he did have one major flaw CeeCee could not ignore.
“I think Prince is completely overrated.” 
CeeCee choked on a mouthful of her third martini, feeling a bit freer with her language. “Are you fucking serious? Prince is a god!  He is the human personification of music. He IS music!”
Stanley took a sip of his scotch. “Give me a break! Name one song he’s made since Purple Rain that anyone cared about.” 
“I’ll name albums, sir.  Around the World in a Day was classic. Sign O’ the Times? The hits on that album alone - If I Was Your Girlfriend, I Could Never Take the Place of Your Man. You have heard these songs before, correct?” 
Stanley laughed and slapped the table. “Okay, okay.  Point taken.  I gotta say, CeeCee - you are one funny lady. It’s a wonder no man has scooped you up yet. In fact, whatever happened to that...limbo situation you were in?” 
CeeCee sucked her teeth. “Yeah, that limbo became a no go. He wasn’t the man for me.  Hell, he was barely a man.” She giggled, covering her face. 
“What?” Stanley asked as CeeCee began to double over in drunken laughter.  
“Oh God - he was twenty five.  A child! I mean, granted, he was very much a man in the biblical sense, if you catch my drift, but still.  What the hell did I ever think I’d have in common with someone who was born when I was in high school? In some parts of the country, I’m old enough to be his mother!”
 “Listen, you aren’t alone.  I dated a few twenty-somethings myself after my divorce.  About a year ago, I dated this one young lady I met through a colleague.  Twenty-eight, intelligent, beautiful.  During our first date, she told me she was a fan of the old school rapper LL Cool J.  Uncle L is old school? Since when?” 
“Right! Insane! I definitely appreciate our generation much more now.” 
Stanley agreed. “Same here.  There is nothing like a mature woman.  One that has wisdom, experience, and an unwavering beauty that never ages.”
He locked eyes with her. “CeeCee, I don’t know if this is the Red Label talking but here goes.  I’ve always had an attraction to you.  I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t a small reason why I was always willing to help Junior over the years – not that I didn’t want to mentor him.  He is a brilliant young man. Yale will be lucky to have him. I just, I always thought you were stunning.  Intelligent, classy, witty.  All of those things.” 
CeeCee blushed as he continued. “Ever since you paid me a visit in my office, I haven’t been able to get you off of my mind.  You know, I still have that potted plant on my desk.” 
CeeCee was flustered, unsure of how to respond to Stanley’s declaration. “Is it still alive?”
Stanley paused before taking a sip. “Damn thing’s as dead as a doornail.” 
They collapsed into laughter again.  CeeCee couldn’t remember being this amused by a man, not even with Tony or Jay during their happiest times.  She found herself getting turned on quite a bit.  
CeeCee lingered her gaze on him. “Stanley, I didn’t drive here and—” 
“I can get us a room.” 
She scooted over to his end of the booth. Her tequila soaked breath cooed in his ear. “Let’s go.” 
Stanley paid the tab as quickly as possible and the two rushed to the front desk.  He took the keycard and the two hopped inside an open elevator car.  As soon as the doors closed, Stanley pulled CeeCee to him and kissed her with urgency as she began taking off his suit jacket. 
“CeeCee, I have wanted you for so, so long.” 
CeeCee felt the need to respond. “And...I’ve wanted you for exactly fifteen minutes.” 
Stanley chuckled in between kisses. “I’ll take it.” 
The elevator dinged. The two got off and headed to the door.  As Stanley fiddled with the key card, CeeCee wedged herself between his tall frame and the door, hungrily kissing his neck.  Once they entered the room, he picked her up and placed her on the bed. CeeCee threw her tote bag on the hotel couch, splayed herself on the bed and began to disrobe.  Stanley unbuttoned his dress shirt, displaying his toned arms and slight paunch.  Down to her bra and panties, CeeCee whispered, “Come here.” 
As Stanley began to slide himself on top of her, his cell phone beeped in his pocket. He sighed as he looked at the screen. “I have to take this. Sorry.  Stay right there, baby.” He leaned down and gave her a passionate kiss.  CeeCee flashed him a sexy smile as he took the call in the bathroom. 
CeeCee laid down on the soft pillows as the tequila swirled in her brain.  She closed her eyes for just a second as she allowed the haze of drunkenness lull her to sleep.

Chapter 21
As the early morning’s sunshine peeked through the curtains, CeeCee shifted underneath the 500-thread-count sheets. The smell of steam and soap filled the room, the presence of which jolted her upright in the bed. She spun her head around to check out where she was: plush pillows, couch, sleek black phone with multiple lights. She turned to the nightstand on her right and saw a pen and pad. CeeCee pulled the pen up to her still-groggy eyes, which read Hotel Merrimont.  Her memory came flooding back to her - getting fired, Don Julio martinis, Stanley.  
CeeCee unraveled the sheets that mummified her body, realizing she was in only a bra and panties.  She was in a hotel room in nothing but her underwear and Stanley was in the shower, presumably washing off last night’s sex.  
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
As she continued combing her tequila-soaked memory, a loud beeping ringtone filled the room. CeeCee’s eyes whipped from the nightstand to the bathroom door; it was closed and the shower was still going.  She quickly scooted herself over to the matching nightstand on her left.  When she picked up the phone and pushed the top button, she read the text message:

“I’ll be at the hotel in 30 minutes.  Can’t wait to see you.”

When she read the name and phone number of its’ sender, CeeCee gasped.  She scrambled out of the bed, picked up her tote and her clothes on the couch and quietly tiptoed out of the door. CeeCee would rather be caught in nothing but her bra and panties by the entire housekeeping staff than to face the situation that would await her in 30 short minutes.  
As she stood in the middle of the hall, CeeCee threw her tank top over her head and pulled her jeans up.  She fumbled through her tote slung on her shoulder for her phone, frantically scrolling through her contacts until she found the one person that could help her.  
“Laney?? LANEY, WAKE UP!  Holy shit! You gotta come scoop me…I really got myself in trouble now…no, he’s fine, I think. Just listen - main lobby of the Hotel Merrimont in less than 25 minutes, please?! No time for explanation right now.  I’ll explain when you get here.  I’ve ruined everything! Holy shit!  Yeah, I know and I apologize, but just get moving, bitch! Bye!”
CeeCee ended the call and threw the phone back in her bag.  She approached the elevator and hit the down button multiple times.  The doors parted and CeeCee came face to face with the one person she was trying in vain to escape: Jay Weston. 
“Um...hi.” CeeCee stammered.  
“CeeCee. What are you doing here?” 
“I...I...was visiting a friend. What about you?” She nervously ran her fingers through her braids.  
Jay looked at his cell as he stepped out of the elevator car. “A friend at 8am? Sure.  Anyway, I’m on my way to meet up with my dad. Nice seeing you.” He slipped his phone back into his pocket as he brushed past her.
“Your...dad?” 
Jay spun around. “Yeah, my dad, like you care.  Maybe if you had picked up the phone when I called or replied to just one of the emails I’ve sent you over the past month, you would know that he and I reconnected again.  I guess you were too busy visiting your friend that you didn’t have time for that,” 
He walked up to CeeCee, his face so close that she could feel the heat of his breath.  
“I loved you, you know that? With every fiber of my being, I loved you.  You were the only woman that ever made me think that I could actually do something with my art. The only woman I ever thought about being with forever.  And now you fuckin’ somebody else, just like that, huh?” 
CeeCee stood as tall as her five-foot frame would allow.  “Excuse me.  First of all, not that it is any of your business, but I am not fucking anyone else.  I don’t expect you to believe that, though. You never trusted me in the first place.”
“So what the hell are you doing leaving a hotel with your jeans unzipped?” He tugged at CeeCee’s waistband.
She pushed his hand away and zipped up her jeans. “I had...you know what? I don’t have to explain a goddamn thing to you.  Goodbye Jay.” 
CeeCee turned to press the elevator button.  Jay stood behind her as she waited. “Do you still love me?”
He embraced her from behind, weaving his arms around her waist.  “Tell me you don’t love me and I’ll let you go forever.” 
CeeCee closed her eyes.  She still loved him, of course. She wanted to tell him as much but after what she’d done last night, how could she face him?  She had to be honest with him before they could move forward – that is, if he wanted to move forward after she told him the truth.
She turned around, prepared to face the music, when a room door opened.  Stanley charged down the hall in a terrycloth robe.  CeeCee’s heart pounded out of her chest.  
“What the hell is going on out here? CeeCee, are you...Jay? Do you know CeeCee?” 
As Stanley processed the sight of his crush and his son in an embrace, CeeCee looked back and forth between the two men. Same nose, same hairline, same smile. At that moment, she realized the gravity of the mistake she had made.  A mistake due to alcohol and thoughtlessness, yet again.
Who is the person that she had become? Not even in her single days would she have acted so hastily, so carelessly. She was becoming everything the image of the Cougarette represented.  It had to stop.  She had to stop.
CeeCee released herself from Jay’s embrace as the three stood in the hallway.  Both men looked squarely at her.  She understood that all of the dots had been connected then.  She had caused this damage. The elevator ding interrupted the silence.  The doors parted and a couple stepped off as CeeCee ran into the elevator car without as much as a goodbye to the father and son. 
When the doors opened at the lobby level, she stepped off and saw Laney sitting on a couch. As CeeCee walked toward the couch, Laney looked up. 
“What happened? Are you OK? You look terrible. CeeCee? Cee, answer me.” 
She couldn’t speak.  Nothing she could say could undo this one.  For once in her life, Cecelia Banks had no words.  She fell into her best friend’s embrace and heaved sobs into her chest.  

Chapter 22
They drove in silence during the short ride to CeeCee’s house.   Laney pulled into the driveway and put her black Jetta in park. She turned to CeeCee, who stared straight ahead.
“I don’t know what happened to you last night but can you at least confirm that you were not raped or otherwise assaulted?  A head nod will suffice. Up and down for yes; left and right for no.” 
CeeCee looked down at her hands and cleared her throat. “I think I slept with Jay’s father last night.” She reached for the door handle as Laney pushed the automatic lock button on her driver’s side console. 
“If you think for one second that you are going to drop that juicy bombshell on me and then get out, you must be out of your fucking mind.” 
CeeCee huffed. “It’s not juicy, Laney.  This is my real life, not a soap opera.” 
“Okay, okay.  I get that. I’m sorry.  Look, this is Tony’s weekend with Junior so we have the house to ourselves. Let’s go in, have some strong coffee and discuss this. I haven’t seen you this down since before the divorce.” 
CeeCee held her tote tightly to her chest.  She should have called a cab but she called Laney. She thought this morning would have a crazy, ‘Girl, wait ‘til you hear this…’ ending.  She and Laney would have a laugh over coffee in her kitchen as CeeCee recounted the funny tale of having a drunken fling with Junior’s teacher and fleeing the scene before her ex caught her.
The thought of sweet and harmless Stanley being an absent father, the one that had caused so much pain in Jay’s life, never occurred to her when she saw the text.  Now that it was clear that was the case, the tale was dramatically different.  It wasn’t crazy.  It wasn’t funny.  It was an ending that CeeCee didn’t feel like rehashing or remembering.    
“Yeah, I need to be alone right now.  Thank you for coming to get me.  I have so much to wrap my head around. It’s just...” 
Laney hugged her friend. “I completely understand.  This sounds heavy but know that I am here to help with the weight.” Tears sprang to CeeCee’s eyes again as she hugged her friend back and got out of the car.
She drew herself a bath, soaking until every bubble popped and the water was ice cold. As she cleansed herself, CeeCee imagined the conversation that occurred between Jay and Stanley once she left the hotel floor.  Theirs was already a fragile relationship and CeeCee had become yet another source of dysfunction.  How did she get here? A year ago, she was a suburban wife working at one of the top public relations firms in the country.  Today, she was a drunken divorcée with no career. 
After her bath, CeeCee wrapped herself in her fluffy robe and sat on the bed to lotion herself.  It was clear that she needed to make some significant changes in her life.  She needed to refocus her energies on something other than men and martinis.  
Curbing her drinking was Goal Number One.  Going cold turkey a la Jay wasn’t something she would consider, but CeeCee thought of an alternative.  One drink per day, weekends included. It wasn’t an Alcoholics Anonymous-approved game plan but it was the best she could do for now.
Goal Number Two: Find a job.  Granted, the severance package would allow CeeCee to sit pretty for a year, but she wanted - she needed - to work.  She grabbed her tablet, which was recharging on her nightstand after last night. She typed ‘public relations headhunters’ into the Google search bar; why do the job hunt by herself when she could use the parachute money to hire a recruiter to do some of the dirty work for her? The search pulled up dozens of results.  CeeCee spent the rest of the day in bed, looking at employer services webpages, revising her resume and combing online employment sites.
By the time the sun set, CeeCee had emailed twenty recruiting agencies and sent her resume off to as many companies.  She went down to the kitchen to prepare a quick salad for herself and heard her cell beeping as she climbed back upstairs.  She pulled the cell out of her tote and looked at the screen.  Laney: Hope you are feeling better. Call me later if you are up to it. XOXO.  
That was the only correspondence she had received. She hadn’t gotten one call or text from Jay, not that she expected him to reach out to her after this morning. While that realization made CeeCee a little sad, she also knew this would fall right in line with Goal Number Three: No men. 
*****
“It’s been three weeks and not one viable lead,” CeeCee sighed over lunch at Ricardo’s with Laney.  “I worked for two decades and all I am getting are offers to sell insurance and write copy for entertainment blogs.” 
Laney poked her fork into her taco salad. “I know - it sucks.  The PR field is only looking for hot young ingénues.  The old guard isn’t needed anymore.” She paused before adding, “And then, there’s the minor issue that when an employer Googles your name, the word Cougarette more than likely appears. No wonder the blogs want you.”
CeeCee rolled her eyes.  “Jesus. Didn’t even think of that.  I am never going to escape it.  I hate the Internet.  Anyway, how are things at Jones?” 
“Firm’s fine. Busy. They decided not to hire out your position for the time being so your former clients have been dispersed among my team.  Betty the Vampire Slayer misses you a lot.  Your replacement, God love her - she actually asked Betty if she’d ever met Stephanie Meyer and began telling her all the best parts about the Twilight book series.” 
CeeCee laughed. “You are kidding! I can just imagine the look on Betty’s face.  Why would she ever praise the client’s competitor in front of the client?” 
Laney shrugged. “That’s the thing about this younger crop.  They’ve been gassed up by senior management to believe that they can skate by on being cool and hip.  So by mentioning what’s cool and hip, she thought she was helping.  Wrong! Betty called me ranting about it.  She was pissed and has been begging for you to come back ever since.”
After their lunch, CeeCee drove back home, suddenly missing the familiar commute.  It was bittersweet being downtown among the working.  However, she felt renewed after hearing from Laney that her former client was pining for her.  That was proof that she was good at what she did.  She wasn’t going to give up hope on her job search.  Somewhere out there was a firm that wanted her.  By the time she arrived home and checked her email, CeeCee found out exactly which firm it was: 

TO: Cecelia N. Banks
FROM: Tad Hirschbaum, Platinum Noize Entertainment
SUBJECT: Employment Opportunity
Ms. Banks,
We were contacted by Professional Edge Recruiters on your behalf and understand that you are currently in the market for a career opportunity in corporate events planning and management in the metro Chicagoland area.  We reviewed your CV, resume and array of recommendations.  In a word, we were impressed.  I would like to speak with you about an employment opportunity as a Senior Artist Manager. I think you would be the perfect candidate.  Please give me a call at (312) 555-9603 to hear more details.  I look forward to hearing from you soon.

CeeCee was thrilled! An actual entertainment firm was interested in her – not a snarky gossip website or a fly-by-night insurance agency. The job title sounded like something right up her alley as well. Her new positive outlook was working. 
She opened the browser to Google the name of the firm.  “Platinum Noize.  Where have I heard that before?” she said to herself.  The first result that popped up was an MTV weblink: 
Controversial Rapper Billy BadAss Signs with Platinum Noize.  
It was then that CeeCee decided to have her one drink for the day.

Chapter 23
CeeCee reread the email from Platinum Noize several times as the night grew on.  She could think of no rational reason not to call Tad back and arrange a meeting.  
Irrational reasons?  She had a list of those, with Mr. Francis Thomas perched right at the top.
When CeeCee called her BFF with the news, she responded in true-Laney fashion: “Are you fucking nuts? Take the interview, bitch!”
CeeCee knew she was right.  This was the only real bite she’d gotten in weeks.  Besides, Yale University’s registrar office had come a-knocking.  CeeCee received the first year’s registration costs in the mail.  A total of $9,457 was required by the first of June. That meant that she had to come up with almost five grand to cover her half shortly after graduation.  Tony graciously offered to pay the entire fee but she refused: 
“Ceese, it’s really not a problem.  Let me help you out.”  He pleaded on the phone last week.
“Thank you Tony, but you have a wedding to pay for.  Besides, I’ll be working again soon!”
At the time, she was trying to prove that she did not need her ex-husband to come to her rescue any longer.  Now, she realized that this was no time to prove a point.  CeeCee needed to get a job. 
She also needed to find a way to keep tabs on Jay without actually contacting him.  She missed him terribly but was too scared to call him after the hotel encounter.  He hadn’t reached out to her, either.  CeeCee met up with Laney at O’Malley’s a few times in hopes of catching him there, but he never showed up.  This left her no choice – it was time to cyberstalk.
Before catching a movie with Junior that night, Candace sat with CeeCee and helped her set up her very own Facebook and Instagram accounts, under the guise that CeeCee was using these as a way to learn more about her potential new employer, of course.   
"Okay, Ms. Banks.  Here’s Platinum Noize’s page.  I just Liked it for you by clicking this thumb icon here on the left.  So now, every time they post something about the label, it’ll show in your Feed on your homepage. You can Like all types of stuff.  You read Runner Magazine, right? You can Like them, too.  Check it out."  
CeeCee watched as Candace navigated the site’s pages, her fingers moving so fast on the tablet’s touch screen that CeeCee could hardly keep up.  She was amazing but CeeCee wanted to get to the nitty gritty. 
“Okay, that’s nice.  Now how do I find people?” 
Candace pointed out the search options as Junior finished a Coke and threw the can in the recycling bin. "Okay, time to go, Candace.  We’re going to miss the opening credits.  Mom, use the tutorials for anything else you can’t figure out and don’t cyberstalk Jay all night." 
"Excuse me, young man. This is for business use only...and curfew is midnight, you two."
Candace and Junior gave each other knowing smiles as they walked out of the door.  When she was sure she’d heard Candace’s Accord zoom off, CeeCee sat in her recliner with a glass of Pinot Noir and the TV on the Bravo channel.  
She spent an entire episode of Million Dollar Listing perusing Jay’s online profiles.   His Instagram was of particular fascination to her.  There were lots of pictures of his artwork, his frat brothers and of him at Drifter press events.  She was so proud of all that he had accomplished.  
As she scrolled through his feed with a wistful grin, one picture made CeeCee stop smiling instantly: Jay with his arm around another woman’s waist.  
A much younger woman – in fact, she looked younger than Jay!  
She read the caption: Artist Jay Weston and his date, model Felicity Hunter. CeeCee opened a new window in the browser for a quick Google search. After sifting through a few news items, she found out that Felicity Hunter was relatively famous.  A 21-year-old model originally from Atlanta, she has been featured in at least three films and several hip-hop videos.  She was also an aspiring singer, planning to release her first album next month.  
CeeCee grimaced. “How ambitious. Hmph.” 
She took a tiny sip of wine as she clicked open the link to Felicity’s webpage.  Heavily auto-tuned music startled CeeCee as the page opened.  The final sentence of the starlet’s bio made CeeCee choke on her wine:  Felicity Hunter is represented by Platinum Noize Entertainment.
The next morning, CeeCee replied to Tad’s email, accepting his request for a meeting.  Tad set up an interview for her on Monday.  Not only did she need a paycheck, but CeeCee had to get down to the bottom of this Felicity Hunter-dating-her-ex business.
*****
“Cecelia Banks to see Tad Hirschbaum.  Thank you.” 
She arrived ten minutes before her scheduled time and had a seat in the plush waiting lobby.  In stark contrast of the old-school angular and mechanical look of Jones & Waterstone, the offices of Platinum Noize Entertainment boasted bold colors and ultra-modern design. Not one person she saw within the ten minutes of her arrival had to be over the age of 35.  It looked like the inside of a hip nightclub - definitely too hip for CeeCee. 
She was glad that she followed Laney’s advice and passed over her typical stuffy black business suit.  She purchased a navy skirt suit with a gold tank shimmering underneath.  Her resume boasted twenty years of experience.  Clearly, her age was not a deterrent, but a younger-looking wardrobe couldn’t hurt.
“Cecelia? Hey.  I’m Tad Hirschbaum. Fantastic to meet you!” An energetic young man bounded toward CeeCee dressed in skinny jeans with a bright green button down plaid shirt and a red bowtie. His slicked-back black pompadour glistened as he stuck out his hand.  As she shook it, CeeCee couldn’t believe that this was the person who was interviewing her.  Here she had been worried about her choice in clothing and he looked like a character from the television show Glee. 
“Nice...to meet you, Mr. Hirschbaum.” she said carefully, still taking in Tad’s overwhelming presence and personality.  
“Psssh! Mr. Hirschbaum’s my father.  Call me Tad.  Or T.  Doesn’t matter.  Anyways, I am SO happy we were able to get you in today.  Come on back!” He sauntered back, CeeCee’s short legs barely keeping up with his long strides to his office.
Once they were both seated, Tad began typing away on his desktop.  “Sooooo....Cecelia.  You have a ton of experience.  Twenty years at Jones & Waterstone? Epic! They were, like, my dream gig during my undergrad at DePaul. Oh, and I see you are a fellow alum.  Go Blue Demons!”
He stopped typing and faced CeeCee. “So, tell me about yourself.” 
CeeCee launched into her typical professional speech and began a basic regurgitation of her resume. Less than ten seconds in, Tad raised his hand up. 
“No. Tell me about you.  I know all about your job experience.  I have that on my computer.” He tapped the monitor with his finger.  “I want to hear about you.” 
“Well, um...I’m from Chicago.  Born and raised here. I have a son.  He’s seventeen.  He’s going to Yale next fall and I am very pr...” 
Tad’s hand came up again.  “Cecelia...can I call you Cee? Cee, I’m sure your son is an uber genius and everything on paper says that you are a very competent worker.  Anyone with a kid going to Yale while working at the same place for two decades obviously has her shiz together.  But I don’t want to hear about any of that.  I don’t want to hear about your kid, your resume...tell me about you.  For example, what’s your favorite childhood memory?”
CeeCee looked around the office because she was certain she was being filmed for a prank reality show and that Ashton Kutcher was going to pop out of the wall at any minute.  What the hell was going on? Was this how interviews were conducted these days? A childhood memory? She thought for a second before she answered. 
“Okay...well, I suppose my favorite childhood memory would be about my granddad.  Since both of my parents worked, I spent my afternoons at my grandparents’ house after school until one of my parents picked me up.  My granddad was a warehouse worker out in Wheaton for forty years and he got paid every other Thursday. He would come home to the South Side from work with his paycheck - back then, there was no direct deposit, just a standard paper check - and he’d yell up to me, ‘CeeCee Nicole, Papa got paid. Let’s go to the bank!’”
She smiled to herself. “I’d run downstairs, hop into his old rusty baby blue Cadillac and we’d go to Pullman Bank.  He’d let me fill out the payout slip and when the teller gave him his cash, he’d give me a crisp $5 bill.  I know five bucks is tooth fairy money these days, but that was big money for an 8-year-old back in the 70s. He’d then drive us to the corner store by our house.  He’d get himself a six pack of Budweiser.  I’d get myself a 50-cent Suzy-Q snack cake and save the rest of the money. On the way home, he would tell me every week, ‘CeeCee Nicole, save that change and stay in school so you won’t have to work so hard like your Papa.  Okay, sweetie?’ He took me on that car ride every other week until the day he died when I was 15. Those car rides taught me the value of a dollar and how hard work is its’ own reward.”
Tad sat silently, forcing CeeCee to guess that her recollection didn’t meet his expectations either.   She began thinking up another memory when he suddenly slapped his hand on his desk.
“You are totally hired.  I’ll have Carmen in HR follow up with you on the typical new hire paperwork: compensation, taxes, benefits, and etcetera.”  
CeeCee stared at him in disbelief as he walked around to the front of his desk, typing away on his cell phone.  
He continued, “So, you’ll start orientation and training tomorrow at nine.  Your first event is an album release party on Saturday for one of your clients.  I am emailing you invites for both right now. Press passes for you and a guest will be on your desk in the AM.  Dress is semi-formal for the party but make those colors pop, girl.  None of this basic black shiz you got going on here, m’kay?” 
CeeCee shook her head slowly, completely flabbergasted. “It’s...navy. Wait. What...what just happened here? I don’t understand.  We literally met for the first time less than five minutes ago, you asked me one question and now you are hiring me?” 
Tad sat down next to CeeCee, grabbing her hands. “Cee, two things: One, you were hired before you walked in the door.  Have you read your resume, lady? Two, that story about your grandfather just about made me boo-hoo.  The look on your face as you remembered him in that simple memory told me everything I needed to know about who you are on the inside.  You are not only professionally competent, but you have heart.  I need my Artist Managers to have heart because trust me, you are gonna need it. Especially you - your client is quite the diva.” 
Tad’s office phone beeped and his secretary’s voice rang through the speaker. “Mr. Hirschbaum, Miss Hunter on Line One.” 
He rolled his eyes and leaned closer to CeeCee. “Speaking of, there she is right now. Felicity Hunter.  I swear, bitch thinks she’s Beyoncé, Rihanna and Gaga all wrapped into one size four package. I gotta take this but fortunately for me, you’ll be taking these calls moving forward.  Yay.  I’ll see you bright and early at 9am.”
Tad hugged CeeCee and walked back behind his desk. “And no worries - you’ll get to meet this one tomorrow.  You two will be spending a LOT of time together.”  He winked at CeeCee as he picked up the line.  
CeeCee got up and left the office, her head swimming.  She wasn’t quite sure how to feel about what had transpired.  In just ten minutes, she had interviewed for a position, was hired on the spot after answering one non work-related question and learned that her client is the same model-slash-singer who may or may not be fucking her ex-boyfriend. 
Instead of dwelling on those details, CeeCee focused on one she knew to be true as she drove home: She was gainfully employed again.

Chapter 24
“So, you’ve seen the lobby, the break room, the copy room, the internet lounge, the meeting rooms and the fitness facility.  All that’s left to show you is your office, which is right down this hall.” 
Tad led CeeCee toward her new office, walking with his signature long, quick strides.  CeeCee figured that following her new boss around for the past hour had to count as a part of her cardio for today. He opened the door to a drafty room with no windows and beige walls with cracking paint.  A plastic fern plant stood in the corner.  The computer on the wooden desk looked to be at least a decade old. He glanced back at CeeCee’s shocked face with a forced smile. 
“I know.  Ew. Not the cutest and your cell phone reception is going to blow, but at least you aren’t in cubicle hell, right?” 
CeeCee shifted the box of personal effects she held in her hands. “Um, yes. This is fine.  I’ll just plan on having any face-to-face meetings with my clients in one of the bigger meeting rooms.” 
Tad sighed with relief. “Thank you for understanding.  The regional offices spend a ton of money to make the main portions of the building look all pretty but then the middle management offices look like shit. Speaking of client meetings, Felicity will be here at 11 so you’ll need to check in with the front desk to reserve Meeting Room A12.  It’s the only room she’ll have a meeting in when she travels from her home in Atlanta and comes to the Chicago office.  So make a mental note,” 
Tad pointed to a folder on her desk. “There are your two press passes for Saturday night, so feel free to invite a buddy for moral support.  It helps to have a friendly face around when you are managing an event.  Bios on each of your clients are also in the folder.  You’ll have six clients total, but Felicity is by and large the VIP of that list,”  
CeeCee began unpacking her box.  Tad closed the door behind him and took a seat across from her.  “I want to be completely honest with you.  I didn’t share this during the interview because I didn’t want you to run off screaming,” He leaned in. 
“You are the third Artist Manager we’ve hired in less than a year for Felicity.  She scared the other two off.  Simply put, she is a monster! She’s always late, never apologetic and will contact you any time she damn well pleases.  I wish I could find something nice to say about her...well, she is beautiful. Mesmerizing. Think Vanessa Williams, circa 1989.  There’s the one positive.  Everything is downhill from there.” 
CeeCee swallowed hard as she sat down at her desk. “Is there anything I can do to at least forge a positive relationship with her? Any interests?” 
Tad got up from the seat and looked up as he thought. “She loves talking about herself.  You can always start there.  Also, anything you can tell her about art would be helpful.  She’s dating this artsy-fartsy dude and she is really trying to impress him.  Last week, I Googled some information about Banksy and emailed it to her.  She actually replied with a thank you...and Felicity Hunter doesn’t do emails or thank yous. Hope that helps.” 
At the mention of ‘artsy-fartsy’, CeeCee knew Tad was referring to Jay.  Not only was this mesmerizing woman a pain to manage, but it was confirmed that Felicity and Jay were an item.
Tad looked at his cell phone. “I have a meeting in five minutes and you have a room to reserve.  Good luck on your first day...and good luck with Felicity!”
As soon as Tad left, CeeCee looked around her depressing office space.  This was a far cry from even her cubicle years at Jones & Waterstone.  She had taken a significant pay cut with no forecast of a raise in the near future. Her first client of the day was a raging bitch.  But if there was one thing CeeCee had learned about herself in the past year, it was that she was never someone to back away from one of life’s challenges.  
She picked up the office phone.  “Good morning.  This is Cecelia Banks.  I’ll need to reserve A12 for an hour at 11am today.” 
When Felicity hadn’t arrived by 11:30, CeeCee found herself getting more pissed as the minutes ticked by.  She was about to come face to face with her ex’s new girlfriend.  Her nerves were already jumping but she found anger brimming to the surface because of the blatant tardiness.  
At ten to noon, the doors of the meeting room whisked opened and two burly men entered, quickly surveying the area.  They didn’t so much as look in CeeCee’s startled direction.  Once they finished their inspection, one of them opened the doors and it was as if time stood still.  
Felicity Hunter walked in.  She was just as breathtaking as Tad said.  She sported what had to amount to at least a thousand dollars’ worth of wavy black hair weave atop of her tiny head.  Her golden face was flawless, a single dimple in each cheek and zero blemishes.  She was rail-thin with a great boob job and stood at about 5’10” in a flowing red dress and matching stilettos.  In short, Felicity Hunter was a force.
CeeCee fought back the mental image of Felicity in Jay’s embrace as she stood to introduce herself, her hand extended.  “Ms. Hunter.  I am Cecelia Banks.  I will be serving as—”. 
Felicity snatched off her black sunglasses and looked down at the petite CeeCee. “Fresh meat.  Tad told me he’d hired someone else after that hideous woman ran out crying a month ago.  I loathe weak people.  Let’s hope you aren’t one.” 
CeeCee lowered her hand.  Apparently, exhibiting proper manners was another thing Felicity didn’t do.  “I’m sorry to hear about that exchange but I can assure you that I am no weakling and I am looking forward to us working together.  Please have a seat. Would you like something to drink? Coffee?” 
Felicity curled her upper lip in disgust. “Me drink office coffee?  I’d rather drink from the toilet.  I’ll stand.  I have other places to be so let’s make this quick, shall we?” 
CeeCee decided to remain standing with her; it would only make her look as weak as Felicity was hoping she was if she had sat down.  She pulled out her folder of event notes.
“So, your album release party on Saturday will take place at the Remington Supper Club at eight.  We are expecting approximately 525 guests.  We’ll plan on you arriving by 9pm. The food will be—” 
“Okay, you are new so let me be the first to tell you that I don’t arrive at events until at least the second hour.  Have car service pick up my boyfriend and I at the Lake Shore Hotel at 9:30 sharp - not a minute later or sooner. Also, I’m Paleo this week so the menu needs to be as well.  I want the entryway completely cleared upon our arrival.  Photographers and press on the red carpet only.  Who is the DJ?” 
CeeCee flipped through the pages of the contract.  “Um...we’ve hired DJ Ram for the event.” 
“No, you’ve fired DJ Ram for the event.  He’s known for selling stories to the media and doesn’t even have the decency to give the celebs a cut. Asshole.  Hire DJ OneLove.” 
CeeCee’s blood began to boil.  She had worked with difficult clients in her day, but Felicity had found something wrong with almost every aspect of the event.  She took a silent breath and continued reviewing the contract before responding.  
“According to the contract notes, DJ OneLove was initially contacted but unfortunately was not available for the event.  I will be sure to contact him in advance of your next Chicago event in two months. I will also make sure that DJ Ram relinquishes his phone and any other technological devices not related to his contracted work duties before the event and signs off on a non-disclosure agreement. Both Platinum Noize and your management team in Atlanta will have copies of the signed agreement for your reference.”
CeeCee put the paper back in the file, closed the folder and looked up into Felicity’s hazel eyes with a slightly condescending smile.  “I hope you’ll find that sufficient.” 
Felicity let a soft huff escape her lips. “I suppose. Okay, I’m bored.  Leaving.  Are you going to be there?”
“Yes, I plan to be in attendance.” 
“I’ll have my stylist email you some wardrobe ideas.  You’ll need them.” 
Felicity pushed her sunglasses up onto her face, turned on her heels and walked out.  The two huge men left behind her.  As soon as the three were out of sight, CeeCee collapsed into her seat.  She picked up the folder and the two press passes fell onto her lap.  
Saturday was going to be hell and CeeCee knew the perfect person to brave the flames with her.

Chapter 25
Laney touched up her mascara in the pulldown mirror in the back of the chauffeured Town Car, en route to the Remington Supper Club.  
“CeeCee, CeeCee, CeeCee!  You never cease to amaze me.  Let me get this straight: Your new client is your old boyfriend’s new girlfriend.  I told you he wouldn’t stay single for long.” 
CeeCee sipped the complimentary champagne.  “But she’s a complete bitch!  What could Jay ever see in her?”
Laney looked at her friend while still holding the mascara wand. “Um, mile high legs, huge tits and she’s half your age?” 
CeeCee mockingly made an angry face. “So? Don’t make me kick you out of this ride and snatch that press pass from around your neck.” 
Laney laughed as she started on her lipstick. “No ma’am - a possible catfight between the Starlet and the Cougarette over the Artist? Wild horses, baby. I wouldn’t miss this for the world!” 
 “I am not fighting anyone and please do not call me that.  I was hoping Tad didn’t make the connection when he hired me.  So far, so good.  The last thing I need is for that saga to rear its’ ugly head again.” CeeCee took a final sip as the car came to a slow stop in front of the club.
The two flashed their press passes at the bouncer and walked the red carpet.  They stopped for a few pics for the bored photographers who were waiting behind the red ropes for real stars to arrive.  
Laney smiled for the cameras. “So, what does this Felicity Hunter do anyway?”
CeeCee posed.  “She’s a video vixen turned pop singer.  This is her debut album release party.  She has some song out called Kitten.”
Laney gasped. “‘I’m a sex kitten/So baby, get ta lickin’…’? That’s your new client? Jay’s new girlfriend?  Good luck turning his head away from that.  She’s hot!” Laney laughed, bending over as they walked toward the club entrance.
CeeCee frowned. “So glad you are finding humor in this.  And how on Earth do you even know that song?  What are you, 15?”
Laney composed herself. “Roxy loves it.  Plays it around the house all of the time.  You can imagine it’s a hit among my lezzy kinfolk. And no 15-year-old should be listening to that song.”
“That’s her target demo – 15 to 24s.  Can you imagine?  There is a teen girl somewhere right now twerking to those lyrics in her iPod and her parents are none the wiser.”
Laney shrugged.  “Weren’t we around the same age when I Want Your Sex was a big hit?”
CeeCee turned to Laney. “Are you really comparing the legend that is George Michael to a girl who got her start grinding on Lil’ Wayne in a rap video?”
Laney smiled. “Awww.  You look so cute when you get jealous, but I’m gonna need a drink or three if I am going to be subjected to your Mean Girl behavior all night.  C’mon, you little slut shamer.”  She walked to the bar as CeeCee huffed behind her.
It was a quarter to eight and the event was slated to start soon.  While Laney kept herself busy at the bar, CeeCee strutted over to the backstage area to greet Tad, who was dressed in a blinding sky blue blazer and indigo skinny jeans. 
“Cee!  You look amazeballs! Damn girl, did anyone ever tell you that you look like Nia Long?” he gasped as he greeted her with a hug and handed her an earpiece.  
She looked surprised. “You know who Nia Long is?”
“Duh. Friday is one of my favorite old school movies. Ice Cube, Chris Tucker. Classic!”
Friday is old school now, CeeCee thought.  It reminded her of her conversation with Stanley, which made her then think of Jay.  Great.
CeeCee had to admit, though: she looked damn good tonight.  Where she would have gone for a basic LBD during her Jones & Waterstone events, CeeCee knew she had to up the fashion ante at Platinum Noize.  
As promised, Felicity’s stylist sent her weblinks with preferred dresses for tonight. Much to her chagrin, CeeCee actually found one to her liking and went to Nordstrom’s to purchase it. It was a bright purple tank dress with a skinny silver belt snug at her waist. She had her hair coiffed into a curly twist out and her face was beat with bronzed makeup, both professionally done at Roxy’s spa.  Nia Long, eat your heart out!
CeeCee slung the earpiece cord around her neck and attached the battery pack to the back of her belt.  “Thank you, Tad! How are things going so far? Anything I need to jump in on?” 
“Not right now but I must tell you.  Felicity called me this afternoon while you were here tending to setup.  Long story short, she no likey you, but that’s a good thing.” 
“Yeah, I am definitely not one of her favorite people but why is this a good thing?” 
“Because that means that somehow, you conveyed to her during your meeting that you will not bow to her every whim.  This is GREAT, especially where the label is concerned.  What you have to do now is make sure she doesn’t break you.  She’s hella manipulative. Now that she realizes that you won’t be a Yes Woman, Felicity will find whatever fault she can in you and use it as a tool to work you until you have no choice but to quit.  That’s where the other two failed, but you are a tough cookie.  Don’t let her pull you down to her level.  Don’t let this break you.  Remember that tonight especially.” 
He winked at her and walked to the front stage, leaving CeeCee to take in his words.  It was just the pep talk she needed.  Her first event was going to be a success, even if her client hated her guts.  CeeCee met up with Laney at the bar, who was on her second drink. 
“I think it’s time to abandon this whole one drink a day business.  It’s ruining our friendship.” Laney took in a gulp of her Budweiser pint.  
“I had my bubbly in the car on the way over.  That’s it for me – one and done.  It’s weird.  I haven’t been drunk in almost a month, I lost ten pounds and I feel...I don’t know.  Lighter.  Less bloated.  I think I’m gonna do this for the long haul.” 
“Bitch.” 
They both laughed. “Seriously, good for you.  You are looking slimmer these days.  You are gonna rock that Matron of Honor dress in a few weeks!” 
CeeCee smirked as she sat on the barstool. “Now if I could only get my bed rocking again.  I’ve conquered Goals One and Two but I’m ready to break Goal Three.  I’m starting to get horny again and Mr. Jack ain’t cuttin’ it.” 
The bartender placed a ginger ale on the bar.   Laney pointed at the glass of bubbles. 
“See? I’m supportive of the goals you intend to keep, quitter.  What about the professor?”
CeeCee took a sip. “Um, yeah.  Fucking my ex’s dad is not an option.  It’s bad enough that I am going to see him at Junior’s graduation next week.  It’ll be my first time facing him since The Incident.” 
Laney winced. “Eek.  Well, at least you remembered that you didn’t have sex with him that night.  No harm, no foul, right?”
CeeCee shook her head. “Afraid not, my friend. There was plenty harm and plenty foul.”
Laney waved her hand at CeeCee. “Nope. Cee, we discussed this before we left.  No moping.  You have to toughen up before Beyoncé and Basquiat get here.  Buck up!”
CeeCee straightened her body upright in the chair. “You’re right.  I am going to need you to keep me in line tonight so try not to get too wasted.”
“I make no promises.”  
Their chat was cut short by an announcement from the club manager.  “Felicity Hunter has arrived!” 
CeeCee looked at Laney’s phone sitting on the bar. “It’s only 8:30!  Car service wasn’t supposed to arrive at her condo for another hour.  Goddammit! She’s gonna kill me!” 
She hopped off of the barstool and fastened the earpiece on as she went to meet her surely angry client on the carpet.  “Tell Jay I said hey!” Laney yelled as CeeCee discreetly flipped her the bird. 
She could still hear Laney’s half-drunken cackle as she walked out of the club.  CeeCee took a deep breath and hurried to the carpet.  The limo door flung open as Felicity’s long legs stretched out of the vehicle.  When she stood up, her gold knee-length wrap dress shimmered under the flashing bulbs.  As she walked the carpet with her hair waving in the distance, CeeCee silently prayed the bitchy beauty wouldn’t make a scene once they arrived face to face.  
Just then, he stepped out of the limo. Jay Weston. He was wearing a gold sweater and black jeans.  CeeCee’s heart jumped into her throat.  Even though those clothes weren’t his style, he still looked unbelievably handsome, his smile gleaming for the cameras.  He walked up to Felicity and put his arm around her waist.  When he kissed her temple, CeeCee almost lost it but she remembered what Tad said: Don’t let this break you. She straightened her posture and smoothed her hair as the couple approached. 
“Well, Celie.  As you can see, I am an hour earlier than expected.  I specifically asked that you schedule car service to arrive at 9:30.  Did you forget?” 
Jay turned his head from the throng of photographers and his eyes locked on CeeCee’s. 
“CeeCee, what are you...” 
Felicity’s mane of hair almost whipped CeeCee in the face as she turned toward Jay.
“You KNOW Celie?” 
CeeCee cleared her throat.  “It’s CeeCee, not Celie.  I scheduled the car service to pick you up at 9:30 as you requested.  Obviously, there was a miscommunication that I will clear up with the business first thing Monday morning.” 
Felicity’s lip curled.  “Obviously, the business isn’t taking direction from you well.  No need to call them.  Try asserting yourself in the future and this won’t happen again. Let’s go, baby.”
Jay’s eyes never left CeeCee’s as he walked passed her with Felicity. Once the couple disappeared into the club, CeeCee turned on her earpiece to listen for directives from Tad and the club staff throughout the night.  She couldn’t stop thinking about Jay’s face when he realized she worked for his new girlfriend.  Sure, her client was less than pleased with her and the fear of being fired a second time should have cast a shadow of doom over her evening.  All of that didn’t matter because she saw him again. 
CeeCee knew then that she still loved him and his face said that he still loved her.  She wasn’t sure how she was going to do it and still get her job done, but CeeCee was going to find out just exactly what the deal was with Felicity and Jay before the end of the evening.

Chapter 26
“All good on first floor front.  Approximately 400 peeps seated.  We ready for Felicity to take the stage in 10?” CeeCee spoke into her earpiece mic as she shuffled through the crowded club.  It was half past 11pm and Felicity was scheduled to perform Kitten over an hour ago. CeeCee began to realize that the woman not only wreaked havoc in her personal life, but managing her was also proving to be an arduous task.  
Tad responded in her ear.  “Yep, Miss Thang’s ready to go in less than 5.  Go give her a good luck shove. Wink, wink.”
CeeCee grinned as she marched up the steps of the stage area to make sure Felicity was ready to go.  She spotted the starlet, who was changed into a super tight minidress covered in silver sequins, having her hair and makeup touched up by her glam squad.  
“All right - you all ready?” CeeCee said with the calmest voice through the fakest smile she could muster.  
Felicity looked straight ahead at the closed curtain as her mascara and blush were reapplied. “Nothing has gone right tonight.  My car service arrived too early - no thanks to you! This dress is not the right size and my Jaybird is mad at me.” 
CeeCee felt the vomit rise into her mouth. “Your Jaybird?” 
Felicity swung her gaze to her. “Oh, don’t play dumb. You know exactly who I’m talking about.  In fact, you’re the reason we’re fighting in the first place.  He refuses to tell me how he would know the likes of you.” She waved a hot pink manicured fingernail at CeeCee. “I am going to find out how you know my man and it better not be in the same way I know him.” 
She gave CeeCee another once over before the stage manager yelled “SHOWTIME!” Felicity snorted. “Wait. Who am I kidding?  You’re old enough to be his mother!” 
CeeCee watched as Felicity flung her weave and ran out to the stage as the first auto tuned chord of Kitten began.  As she walked back down to the main floor and muted her earpiece, CeeCee muttered to herself, “And young enough to still fuck his brains out, bitch.”
She was headed back toward the front entrance when she felt a tug on her arm. 
“Hey you.” Jay looked down at her. “How you been?” 
CeeCee jerked away from him, still simmering from her confrontation with Felicity. “I’m working.  Go watch your girlfriend lip synch.” 
Jay followed her as she stomped off. “She’s not my girlfriend.” 
CeeCee turned around when they both reached the front entrance, away from the club noise. “So you aren’t sleeping Felicity?” 
Jay tilted his head. “I said she’s not my girlfriend.” 
CeeCee’s breath caught in her throat.  She wanted to foolishly believe that Jay was the only straight man in the universe that could resist the allure of Felicity Hunter. 
“Oh, that’s classy. What do you want?” 
Jay inched closer to her. “I want you.”  
CeeCee felt her pulse quicken but her jealousy had gotten the best of her.  “You’re fucking the gorgeous Felicity Hunter.  Why would you want me?”
“Let’s not do this.  If you have a question…ask.” He wiggled his eyebrows, signaling their special game.
CeeCee steeled herself. “Fine.  Are you in love with her?”
Jay scoffed. “Of course not. My turn – did you have sex with my father?”
“No. My turn – is she better in bed than me?” 
Jay chuckled.  “Wow.  Are you serious?”
CeeCee stood up straighter. “Dead serious.  Answer the question.”
Jay rolled his eyes. “It’s different.”
“‘Different’? Different as in…”
“Different as in I’d rather make love to you than fuck her.”
CeeCee shook her head with a slight smile. “Typical male bullshit answer.”
Jay waved his hand. “Whatever. My turn. Did you want to sleep with my father?” 
CeeCee exhaled. “Honestly, at the time, yes.  I had just gotten fired, I was drunk and quite frankly, I was horny.  I had no clue that he was your father until you arrived that morning. You never told me anything about him.  You were so secretive throughout our relationship.  I tried to get through to you - Lord knows I did.”
Jay looked down.  CeeCee realized that the humor of the moment had passed.
“Jay, look at you.  You are an up and coming artist dating a pop star!  A bonafide celebrity and I’m…I’m the help.”  She cupped his chin and rubbed his cheek with her thumb. “Goodbye Jay.”
He reached for her wrist before her hand fell away from his face. “Do you still love me?” He gently kissed the palm of her hand - the same way he had that night after he opened himself up to her at dinner.  “Because I still love you.” 
CeeCee’s eyes filled with tears.  She was giving up.  Too much had happened. She was convinced that they could never get back to the way it was.  They couldn’t go back to the romantic dates, the nights spent in each other’s arms, the laughs they shared.  Things had changed.
“Be with Felicity. She’s your age.  You have more in common with her.  I’m better off alone anyway.” She slowly released her wrist from Jay’s soft grasp and continued down the carpet.  
*****
CeeCee arrived at work Monday to a flurry of congratulatory emails from Tad and the rest of the team for pulling off her first successful event for the label.  Over 500 people were in attendance throughout the evening and CeeCee did a great job of keeping the event running smoothly.  Laney was a testament to that. She had a fantastic time.  So great, that CeeCee requested that car service send her plastered BFF home to Roxy before midnight.  
That memory triggered CeeCee’s reminder to call the car service to give them a piece of her mind. 
“Good morning.  I am Cecelia Banks with Platinum Noize Entertainment.  I asked for car service to pick up my client Felicity Hunter at 9:30pm on Saturday evening and they arrived an hour early.” 
CeeCee listened as the representative typed in the background.  “According to the call log, we received a call at 5 pm on Saturday asking for the service to arrive at 8:30 pm.”
“May I ask who called to reschedule the pickup?”
“Let’s see...Miss Felicity Hunter.” 
CeeCee felt her temper rising.  This was the manipulative behavior Tad warned her about before the event. She thanked the woman for her time and slammed the phone down. That little bitch! CeeCee got up and started to march upstairs to Tad’s office to vent when her desk phone beeped. 
“Miss Felicity Hunter on line one for you, Ms. Banks.”
CeeCee snatched the phone receiver and pushed the flashing button. 
“Felicity. Could you please explain why—”
“Okay, I have a headache and you are very loud.  I need to meet with you this afternoon.  Reserve A12 for my arrival at 2pm.” Felicity hung up as CeeCee was left staring at the receiver.  She was visibly fuming as Tad walked in. “Let me guess. Felicity?” he said with a small smile.
CeeCee’s eyes bugged out as she invited her manager in and explained to him the car service sham.  Tad shook his head in an all-knowing way when she finished. 
“Wow, she’s getting all Cruella on you fairly quickly compared to the others.  Just stay focused, Cee.  You did a kick ass job last night and everyone that’s important in this building knows it.  Remember that when you meet with Felicity today.  Hang in there and if you need to take off after meeting with her, shoot me an email.  I totally understand.” 
As he walked out of her office, Tad turned. “Stay strong, Sista!” He lifted a fist in the air, which made CeeCee giggle through her frustration. 
“No. Not the Black Power fist. Just...no.”  
Tad shrugged.  “Hey, I’m a gay Jew.  I sympathize with the struggle.” He winked and walked out as CeeCee smiled.  She needed to steady herself for her meeting with Felicity in a few hours.
The clock struck two in A12 as CeeCee paced the room.  Then the unprecedented happened: Felicity not only arrived on time but she was dressed down in a black tunic and jeans with very little makeup and her hair in a ponytail.  Felicity didn’t look like the diva she typically portrays in the limelight, yet she was still stunning. It drove CeeCee insane!
Felicity placed her red clutch bag on the table. “Yes, I look like shit and no, you don’t need to comment on it. I came here to talk to you about a personal matter.” 
CeeCee knew what this was about so she decided to clear it up for once and for all. 
She walked up to Felicity. “Listen, Jay and I dated briefly months ago.  The night of the release party was the first time I’d seen him in weeks.  Trust me, there is nothing going on between him and me.  We aren’t even friends.  He’s all yours, sweetheart. Knock yourself out.”
CeeCee walked back to have a seat.  She poured herself a glass of ice water from a pitcher on the table, feeling vindicated.  “I really hope that clears up any tension that may have arisen from our encounter on Saturday night.  I want you to rest assured that I will always maintain professionalism.” 
Felicity chuckled to herself. “Oh, I’ve read all about your brand of professionalism...Ms. Cougarette.” 
CeeCee froze in her seat as Felicity walked and leaned over her.  
“You know, CeeCee.  That’s the amazing thing about the internet.  It never forgets. After the party, I decided to Google your name and Jaybird’s and poof! Up pops a picture of you are kissing my ex.” 
CeeCee stammered. “You...you dated Billy, too?”  
Felicity shrugged. “I wouldn’t say ‘dated’ as much as ‘fucked him for publicity’. You see, unlike you, I’m a go-getter.  I want to be super famous - not like you, some lowly office servant cleaning up after celebrities.  Men are just springboards toward that goal.  I’m interested in what being with them does for me.  I was never in love with Jay or Billy or any of the other men I’ve...dated, as you put it.  Dating – how antiquated.  Sorta like you.” 
CeeCee scooted her seat back and stood up to face Felicity. “What are you getting at? What does your casting couch history have to do with me?  The short answer is nothing, yet you insist on boring me with the whorish details.” 
Felicity let out a loud laugh as she began to pace the room, her voice rising. 
“Au contraire, Cecelia.  You have everything to do with it.  You think I believe that lie that things are 100% dunzo with you and Jay?  I saw the way you two looked at each other.  He’s never looked at me in the past month the way he looked at you in those seconds on the carpet.  He practically shut me out after he saw you.  Hell, he didn’t even spend the night with me after the party!” 
She caught her emotions getting the best of her and dialed back her volume as she approached CeeCee.  “Here’s the deal: I don’t want you near Jay.  His attention needs to be on me and only me until I go platinum and he’s old news again - whichever comes first.  Once that happens, you can have his low rent ass back. Until then, keep your geriatric pussy away from him or I’ll tell that fag Tad and anyone else who will listen in this building about your Cougarette past.  You already got fired from one firm because of it.  Don’t make me get you fired from this label, too.” 
CeeCee locked eyes with her official nemesis.  Felicity turned away, picked up her clutch from the table and opened the door.  
“Oh, and in case you’re wondering: sex with Jay is still fantastic.  Whenever I’m in town, he’s in me.  You’ll recall that his appetite is quite voracious.  Of course, he’s with a much younger woman now so he puts in a lot more work these days.  The way he moves that ass when he’s about to…well, you know. And that body of his? Goodness.  I’ll be sure to teach him a few new tricks before I send him back your way, girl.  Have a great afternoon, Celie.” 
Felicity sauntered out as CeeCee fought back tears of anger.  Images of Jay in bed with Felicity filled her brain.  The thought of Jay doing things to Felicity that he used to do to her was too much to bear.  Once she got back to her office, CeeCee emailed Tad and took him up on his offer to take the rest of the afternoon off.  CeeCee stepped out of the building and took her cell phone out of her purse to text Laney:  O’Malley’s. 15 mins.  One drink won’t cut it tonight.

Chapter 27
Laney sat in silence as she soaked in everything CeeCee told her about her meeting with Felicity.  “Wow.  That’s....that’s...wow.” 
CeeCee shook her head up and down slowly, the effects of her second martini taking hold rather quickly.  “I thought I had it bad with old Waterstone.  At least he wasn’t fucking my ex.  Felicity wants to destroy me.  And what’s worse is there’s not a damn thing I can do about it except play ball.” 
Laney waved her hand. “No, you’ve got to tell Tad.  Your manager needs to know about this.  If I were still your manager, I would want to know this.” 
“If you were still my manager, you’d drop Felicity on the spot, forcing her to go back to dropping it low in rap videos.”  CeeCee leaned back in the booth. “Besides, I can’t. If he finds out that I am the Cougarette, I’ll be fired.  Do you know how nervous I get whenever I hear that Billy might be coming into the Chicago office for a visit?  That day is coming and when it does, I’ll be finished at the label.  Nope, I have to keep this Cougarette business under lock and key.”
She drank the final drop of her drink and waved the empty glass in the air to signal to the bartender that she needed another.  
“And this is exactly why you have to tell Tad now.  You don’t want this to be the carrot Felicity dangles over your head.  Besides, from what I gathered from talking with him at the party, Tad seems like a...lively character and above all, very understanding and definitely Team CeeCee.  He won’t fire you.  I’m about 80% sure of that.” 
She gave her friend a light shove. “Just think about it, okay.  Now - quick subject change...” Laney dug into her oversized hobo bag and pulled out a small booklet. “Roxy and I chose a honeymoon locale. Yay!” 
CeeCee picked it up, a travel guide with a picture of a beach covered in white sand on the cover. “Rio de Janeiro! How exciting!” 
After the two flipped through the travel book, CeeCee placed it on the table and looked at her friend. “I am so, so, so happy for you, Laney.  I mean, really and truly.  You’re getting married!”
Laney smiled the widest grin. “I know.  I’m pretty excited and I’m super proud of you, too.  You’ve been through some crazy job drama and relationship woes.  On top of all of that, you are preparing to send your only baby off to college and you have still been around to help me plan this whole event. Thank you, sis.” 
They hugged each other tightly.  Throughout everything that had happened to CeeCee over the past year, the bond between the two friends was still standing.  She felt very lucky to have a sounding board in Laney.  She often referred to her as her “life coach” and frankly, it wasn’t far from the truth.  
Laney and CeeCee released from the hug and wiped away their happy tears.  “So Junior’s graduation is this weekend? And do I have a ticket?” 
CeeCee took her third martini from the waitress.  “Girl, of course.  Not to mention that the weekend after that, Tony is getting married on the same day as you and Roxy.  I don’t know who wrote the script to my life but they have a very good sense of humor.  Since Junior is going to be the Best Man in his wedding, you can take him off of your invite list.”  
Laney took a sip.  "I’ll miss Junior but the good news is that it frees up some space on my list…because I’m thinking of inviting someone else: Jay.”
CeeCee stopped mid-sip. “So you just hate me now?  Is that it?” 
Laney put her pint down.  “Dammit, I like Jay.  He’s a sweetheart and most importantly, he loves my best friend to pieces...even if he is banging whatsherface right now.” 
CeeCee slouched in the booth as Laney continued.  “Besides, I kinda already invited him at the party on Saturday.  I told him no plus one, if that’s any consolation.” 
CeeCee sat back up with a jolt. “What??? Are you fucking crazy? Why?” 
Laney straightened her posture, signaling to CeeCee that she was about to deliver one of her world famous Laney Lectures. 
“First of all, please lower your voice.  Second of all, you two love each other - point blank.  Now I may have been as drunk as a skunk, but I do remember the ten minutes he and I talked. All the man could do was stare at you while you were working the event and whine to me about how much he needs you. Sounded like a goddamn puppy,”
She gulped down the rest of her Stella Artois. “He wants you back, CeeCee.   The new fame just has him all confused right now.  Besides, he bumped into you leaving his father’s hotel room.  And yes, everybody and their mama knows you didn’t sleep with him, but it’s going to take some time for him to get over it.  Now he’s with this Felicity bitch, but who cares?  He talked to you throughout her entire performance – think about that.  That is not a real relationship.  What you two had - what you have - is real. Don’t let him get away and fall any further into that tramp’s clutches. Tell Tad about the Cougarette debacle, cut Felicity’s blackmail attempt off at the knees, expose her to Jay and get him back, goddammit!” 
CeeCee stared at her martini, chin in her hands, while Laney’s words hung in the air. 
“Because that fine motherfucker is coming to my wedding and you wouldn’t miss him in a black tux for the world.” CeeCee smiled as Laney cackled.  
*****
Junior walked into the entryway of his mother’s bedroom and spun in a circle, his navy blue graduation gown parachuting at his feet. “So, how do I look?” 
CeeCee smiled as she put her diamond studded earrings in. “You look like my baby. Come here.” 
Junior rolled his eyes as his mother reached up to hug him. “Mom, it’s time you know: I’m a man now.” 
CeeCee looked at him with a cocked eyebrow. “And what’s that supposed to mean?” 
Junior laughed. “Don’t worry.  If I ever decide to ‘become a man’, I’ll never tell you.”
CeeCee playfully hit him on the chest. “Good!  Besides, you came home at 11 on prom night.  That’s a sure sign you didn’t get laid.” 
“Really Mom? Way to make me feel like a baby for real!” 
CeeCee smiled wide as she wrapped her shawl around her blue floral wrap dress.  “Let’s get moving.  The ceremony starts in an hour.” 
She couldn’t believe this day was finally here.  The next time her son came back home, he would officially be a high school graduate, headed for Yale.  “I want you to know that I am so, so very honored to be your mother.  You have exceeded all of my expectations as a son.  So proud of you, baby.” 
They hugged as CeeCee sniffled. “Mom! Don’t start crying again!”  
CeeCee took deep breaths. “Okay, I’m going to get it together.  Let’s go before I start bawling again.”
The two-hour ceremony ended just before noon and the atmosphere couldn’t be happier.  All of the people Junior loved were there: his parents, Laney, Candace and Debbie.  In fact, this was the first time CeeCee had come face to face with her ex-husband’s fiancée since their brief run-in on Valentine’s Day.  She surprised herself - and everyone else - when she hugged Debbie and congratulated her on her and Tony’s upcoming nuptials.
“I don’t know how you prevented yourself from socking that home-wrecking slut square in the jaw.” Laney said as the two walked around the expansive football field where the ceremony was held. 
CeeCee shrugged. “I’m done being angry about that.  It took me a while to figure it out, but I fell out of love with Tony long before she was in the picture.  I mean, I’ll always love him as family because he’s the father of my child but those two belong together.” 
Laney shook her head. “Lady, you constantly amaze me.  I guess it helps that you are madly in love with Jay.  By the way, his RSVP arrived in the mail yesterday.”	
CeeCee stopped walking. “You were serious about that? Dammit Laney! Why are you trying to force this? He has a girlfriend. A famous girlfriend.”
Laney looked back at her. “Wrong. He has a famous fuck buddy.  You know what really amazes me about you?” 
She walked toward her friend and grabbed her hands.  “You have the most rational attitude about a past love like Tony, yet you are fine with letting love in the present slip right between your fingers. Why are you doing this to yourself? You love Jay with every fiber of your being.  Fight for him.” CeeCee sighed as Stanley approached the two of them. 
“CeeCee.  Good to see you.” He turned to Laney. “Hi, I’m Stanley Brown.  I’m—” 
“Oh, I know exactly who you are.  I am going to give you two some much needed privacy. Nice to meet you, Stanley.  Cee, I’ll meet you back with the family.”
As Laney left the two alone, CeeCee took a deep breath.  Before she could talk, Stanley started. “CeeCee, I was hoping we would see each other before the graduation so that I could apologize for our...encounter.  After speaking with Jay, I could only imagine how uncomfortable that scene was for you.  Had I known...goodness, had I known, I wouldn’t have pursued you. I hope you’ll accept my sincerest apology.” 
CeeCee put a hand to her chest. “Stanley, please – I’m the one who should be apologizing! I should have been more forthcoming with you about the nature of my relationship with Jay. In any case, what’s done is done.  He’s clearly moved on.” 
Stanley chuckled and shoved his hands in his pants’ pockets. “Oh, with the great Felicity Hunter, you mean? She doesn’t hold a candle to you, CeeCee.  He and I both know that.” 
His eyes lingered on CeeCee before he quickly looked down.  “He loves you, CeeCee. He’s just a young man experimenting with the perks of his newfound fame, is all.” 
CeeCee looked back at Laney at the other end of the field. “So I’ve been told. How are you two getting along these days? When we were together, he never really opened up to me about you.” 
Stanley looked up with a nod. “It’s improving.  When Jay’s mother told me she was pregnant, I was a twenty year old junior at Harvard.  I let my parents convince me that it would be better for me to stay in school than to come back to Chicago to raise a family with my high school sweetheart.  By the time I graduated the following year, she had died of an overdose.  I tried to track down Jay’s whereabouts but he had been already been taken in by his adoptive parents in Atlanta, unbeknownst to me. I married my wife shortly after graduation and started our family.  She knew about Jay and begged me to reach out throughout our marriage, but I just couldn’t bring myself to do it.  The older he got, the more I convinced myself that he didn’t need me,” 
“Once Jay and I touched bases about a year ago, I admit that my contact with him was still sketchy.  I was scared.  My own mother was dying of cancer, wasting away. I couldn’t deal with anymore reality outside of that.  I don’t mean to make excuses because I gave up on him and there’s no excuse for that.  I will repent for that for the rest of my days,”
“Today, we still have a challenging relationship.  In fact, after you left the hotel that morning, we had it out. Screaming. Yelling.  I could tell then that you were special to him.  He was ready to fight me for you.” 
CeeCee’s eyes widened. “Jay fighting?”
He softly chuckled as he continued.  “Yep.  Once he calmed down, I told him the truth.  I told him that I never laid a finger on you.  You had one too many and no ride home.  You fell asleep there and that was that.” 
CeeCee smirked. “Well now, I recall there were some fingers laid on each other in the elevator but I thank you for omitting that part.”  
They stood in an awkward silence until CeeCee decided to wrap up their conversation before her family got too nosy. “Well, if you talk to Jay, tell him...tell him I said hello.” 
Stanley nodded.  “Will do.” 
Laney came running up to them, holding her phone. Her face of alarm made CeeCee catch her breath.  “What’s wrong?” 
Laney looked at the both of them. “Sorry to interrupt but I was scrolling through the ZMT app on my phone. I just wanted to tell you before you found out on your own.” 
CeeCee’s heart began to pound in her chest as she took the phone out of Laney’s hand. She read the news link: Singer/Model Felicity Hunter Reportedly Engaged to Artist Jay Weston.

Chapter 28
She made it through the graduation brunch at Frankie’s Restaurant after the ceremony. She even managed to turn her tears of sadness into those of joy during the toasts and speeches. Now, CeeCee sat at the bar of Frankie’s while Laney tried to smooth over the news of Jay’s impending nuptials.
“Reportedly, CeeCee.  Please keep that in mind.  You’ve written press copy before.  You know that’s code for ‘We don’t know for sure.’ Besides, no one has released a statement.  She was just snapped with a ring on and then someone – probably her – sold the pic to ZMT. I call bullshit.”  Laney sipped her scotch and soda.
CeeCee stared at her glass of Merlot.  “I know, I know.  What if it is true, though? He’s been going around, talking about how much he supposedly loves me, told me Of course not when I point-blank asked him if he was in love with her...and now this? I’m just tired of all of these ups and downs with Jay.”
Laney rubbed CeeCee’s knee.  “I understand, but we don’t know the whole story yet. I know this is hard for you.  So sorry this is happening to you, babe.” 
CeeCee hopped off the barstool.  “I have to go to the bathroom.  Watch my purse.”
She walked into the nearest empty stall and fell into a pool of tears behind the locked door.  CeeCee cried for all of the lost time she spent being stubborn.  Time she should have spent mending her relationship with Jay.  Now, the tears came because of one simple fact: The man she loved was marrying someone else.
When she and Junior got home, he decided to take a nap before going out for the evening. Junior looked at his mother with pity before he trekked upstairs.  “Mom, I’m sorry.”
CeeCee looked surprised. “How did you know?”
“While we were at brunch, Candace texted me the weblink and asked if it were true.  Is it?  Is Jay really getting married to Felicity Hunter?”
CeeCee shrugged sadly. “I don’t know, baby.”
Junior hugged his mother. “His loss.  Plus, Felicity Hunter’s a slut.”
CeeCee smiled. “Junior! Language!”
He raised his hands up. “That’s what Candace told me! She said she could send you weblinks of all of the nasty gossip about her to make you feel better.”
CeeCee shook her head. “Tell Candace thanks for the support but that won’t help.” She kissed her son on the cheek before he trekked upstairs.  The minute he got to his room and closed the door, CeeCee laid on the couch and cried herself to sleep.
CeeCee woke up two hours later - groggy, depressed and hungry.  She went into the kitchen to search the pantry for her secret stash of junk food.  While alcohol was CeeCee’s main bad caloric indulgence, she kept a small box of sweets that she vowed to only touch once a month during her period.  She decided that after the day she’d had, she deserved trans fats.
CeeCee settled back down on the couch, equipped with a long stack of Oreos on the end table.  Junior had left for a graduation party at Max’s house, letting his mother sleep.  Laney was away in Lake Geneva with Roxy. CeeCee was all alone - again.  
She was two episodes into a Friends marathon when the doorbell rang. 
Probably Candace looking for Junior.  He couldn’t wait to get out of here to start partying, CeeCee thought as she got up from the sofa and headed to the door. 
She opened the door and found Jay staring back at her. 
“I didn’t propose to her.” he said before CeeCee could react. “I know you’ve heard about it. It’s all over the internet.  Believe me when I tell you that I did not propose to that girl. She is in LA this weekend.  She bought that ring somewhere in Beverly Hills and walked around with it on, knowing the paps would snap her.  After the pic came out, I called and dumped her.” 
CeeCee began to talk as Jay walked up to her, placing a finger on her lips before they made a sound.
“No, just...just let me get this out.  Cecelia, I love you and only you.  I want to be with you.  I want you forever. I want to make love to you forever.  I want to be the only one that makes you moan.  I want to be the only one that puts a smile on your beautiful face.  Please. I’m fucking begging you.  Don’t believe that hype. You are the only woman for me.”  
He walked closer and wrapped his arms around her waist. “I need you. Come back to me, baby.” CeeCee looked into his eyes.  She was done pretending she didn’t need him.  She crashed her lips unto his.  Jay kicked the front door closed as they made their way onto the floor.  CeeCee wore nothing but her panties beneath her robe, which Jay opened and began suckling her breasts. He slowly took off her panties and moved down to taste her.  CeeCee moaned underneath him, as she had ached for his touch for far too long.  She came within seconds as he grabbed her thighs and lifted her hips as he feasted.  As he raised his body over hers, Jay kneeled before her and took off his shirt. She rubbed his massive bare chest as he leaned over her, their tongues continued finding their way into each other’s” mouths.  Jay raised his hips up as she unbuttoned and pushed his jeans and briefs off with her feet. He entered her wetness with a smooth stroke.  They both yearned for each other as Jay moved his hips in his sweet and satisfying motion. 
Her body longed for him and she hadn’t realized how much she wanted Jay until he was inside of her. He groaned as he delved deeper into her with each thrust. CeeCee arched her back in response, taking him in as she cried out his name.  When they found a sensual rhythm, Jay began to speed up.
CeeCee climbed onto him, forcing him on his back. “Not yet…” she breathed as she maneuvered her body over his as Jay’s eyes rolled back in ecstasy.  He grabbed her ass, lifting her with each deep stroke. Their moans filled the hallway, calling each other’s names.  Jay sat up to cup her breasts with his mouth and hands.  CeeCee held onto his wide shoulders as she bounced faster and harder.  They both reached climax together in a chorus of passionate screams.  He stayed inside of her and folded in her embrace for a few moments after, his essence trickling out of her.  He felt her teardrops on his shoulder, rolling down his back. 
“I’m sorry I put you through this, CeeCee.” 
She raised her face to meet his. “I’m sorry, too.  I love you, Jay Weston.”  
He smiled as he wiped away her tears. “And I love you, Wrinkle Free Cecelia Banks.  And I’m happy to see it’s still wrinkle free, by the way.” 
They fell into a heap of laughter as they lay naked in the hallway.  They eventually made their way into CeeCee’s bedroom, where they made slow sweet love a second time.  
Wrapped in her sheets, CeeCee laid her head on Jay.  
“So…” she asked as she trailed her fingers across his pecs.
He weaved his fingers through her curls. “So…”
She propped her chin on his chest. “I have a question and no, I’m not playing that game with you.”
Jay smiled. “Okay.  Go ahead.”
“How did you meet Felicity?”
Jay sighed. “She is the last person I am thinking about right now. Why are you so fixated on her?”
“Because I have the pleasure of working with her.  It would be different if she was a complete stranger.  Since I know how much of a bitch she is I must know what attracted you to her – besides the obvious.”
“And what’s the obvious?”
CeeCee scoffed. “Do I really need to go into details?”
Jay hugged her closer. “I’m just playing.  You want the truth?”
“Always.”
“A month ago, Marty introduced me to her at an industry party.  At the time, I was still reeling from catching you at the hotel.  I was devastated.  Angry.  I needed a release and yeah, she was fine as hell.  She was thirsty for me and at the end of the party, we hooked up in her hotel room and I went home.”
CeeCee bit her lip to stop herself from asking more questions but failed. “Did you have sex with her a lot?”
Jay looked at her. “Define ‘a lot’.”
“She said that whenever she was in town, you were in her – and she’s been in the Chi a lot this past month.”
Jay propped himself up in bed. “Right hand to God, I had sex with that girl three times in the month I was with her. Three!  You and I just had sex twice in less than three hours, in case you needed further comparison.”
“Did you use protection all three times?”
“Of course.”
“Did you give her head?”
“Damn! Do you want a play by play of everything I did with this girl?”
“No. I don’t even want to know the answer to that last one.”
“Are you done, Prosecutor?”
CeeCee smirked. “Yes, I’m done.  But you should have seen the way she rubbed her relationship with you in my face during our last meeting.  Talking all this smack about how you move in bed.  I wanted to rip that horse hair right out of her head!” She clawed her hand in the air for emphasis.
Jay laughed. “Damn, you look so cute when you’re jealous.  And why was she talking about me with you?”
CeeCee rehashed her drama with Felicity to Jay, including her Cougarette blackmail attempt.
“Laney says I should tell Tad, my boss.”
Jay nodded. “I agree.  Just nip it in the bud.  Damn, baby.  I hate that she’s doing this to you but yeah. Tad needs to know.”
CeeCee took a deep breath as she settled back into Jay’s arms.  “Okay, I will.  First thing Monday.”
Jay held her. “Good.  Now back to the lovin’…” He eased himself on top of CeeCee, pausing to look into her eyes.
“And by the way, the answer to that last question is no.  That’s only for you.”
CeeCee smiled. “Thank you.”
Jay eased his way down underneath the sheets as CeeCee giggled. 
While Jay slept after their third sex session, CeeCee stayed awake in his arms.  She was so thankful that she had another chance.  She truly loved him.  He was hers once again and she wasn’t letting him get away again.  Once she heard Junior come into the house shortly after midnight, she fell asleep in Jay’s strong embrace.  

Chapter 29
CeeCee awoke the next morning in an empty bed.  She sat up and looked around.  Was that all a figment of her imagination?  She heard commotion downstairs - Jay and Junior were yelling.  CeeCee hopped out of bed, put on her robe and raced down to the living room.  She found them playing Madden - loudly.  
“You two scared the hell out of me!” CeeCee said holding her chest.  Without either of them looking away from the TV screen, Junior said “Sorry, mom” followed by a “Good morning, baby” from Jay.  
CeeCee smiled to herself and went into the kitchen to make herself a cup of coffee.  After a raucous “TOUCHDOWN!” from Junior, he came into the kitchen to grab a can of Coke.  CeeCee paused before speaking.  
“Sweetie, come here.” 
High off of his video game victory, Junior sauntered over as CeeCee whispered, “Is Jay’s being here...weird for you?  If it is, I’ll ask him to leave.” 
Junior laughed as he cracked open the can. “C’mon Mom.  I’m an adult now.  I know how these things work.” 
“Oh really?  And how do these things work, young man?” 
Junior looked up and then back down at CeeCee. “Well, when I got home, I saw a Jag parked in the driveway.  I thought to myself, there is only one person I know that could afford that type of ride and would be at our house at midnight.”
CeeCee nodded. “Point taken.”
“Besides, I like Jay.   He’s cool.  I also like that he makes you smile.  You haven’t been doing a lot of that lately.  After seeing how down you looked at brunch, I was this close to calling him myself but Auntie Laney said she’d take care of it. Looks like she did.” 
CeeCee paused as she watched hot coffee fill her mug. “Auntie Laney said what?” 
Junior slowly backed out of the kitchen. “I think I hear Jay calling me for another game. Bye!” 
CeeCee grabbed her cell off of the counter and was ready to send a text to Laney when she saw her friend had already beat her to it: 

How was the hot makeup sex last night? LOL!! No need 2 thank me.

CeeCee looked up and shook her head, laughing.  “That little bitch!” 
Jay walked into the kitchen and wrapped his arms around CeeCee’s waist from the back.
“What you in here laughing about, sweetness?” He traced small kisses up CeeCee’s neck.
“Did you talk to Laney yesterday?” 
Jay nuzzled her ear. “Yeah, she hit me up around half past noon - right after the pics of Felicity dropped.  I don’t know how she got my cell number but she texted me, asking me if it was true.  I said no and she said that I needed to convince you that is was a bogus story in person....at night.” 
CeeCee felt his smile spread against her neck, which made her smile.  
“She was holding my clutch when I came back from the bathroom during the graduation brunch, talking about she needed a piece of gum.  She must have scrolled through my phone, found your number and texted you from her cell.  Damn her.” 
Jay turned CeeCee around to face him. “Yeah, she needs to mind her business.” 
They fell into a deep sensual kiss against the kitchen counter as CeeCee’s coffee went cold. 
*****
CeeCee entered her boss’ office early Monday morning.  After spending the entire weekend with Jay and mulling over it, she was prepared to tell Tad the truth about her Cougarette past and accept whatever came her way.  No matter the consequences, they couldn’t be half as bad as being blackmailed by Felicity.  
“Tad, do you have a moment?” 
“Sure, Cee.  I actually wanted to chat with you later on today, but now is good. What’s up?”
“I am afraid I haven’t been completely honest with—”  
A loud slam of Tad’s door interrupted her as Felicity came storming into the office.  Her hair was a nest and her face was a makeup-smeared mess.  Her angry eyes bore into CeeCee. 
“You! It was YOU! Tad, I want her fired immediately!” 
CeeCee stood up. “What could I have possibly done to you in the twenty minutes since I arrived to work this morning?” 
Felicity stomped toward her and came within inches of her face. “You leaked my breakup with Jay to ZMT.  It’s all over the internet that he dumped me over the phone because I faked our engagement.  I know you did it!  You’ve wanted him from the very beginning! He would’ve proposed to me for real if it weren’t for you! I had him wrapped around my goddamned finger!” She waved said finger at CeeCee as she stepped around her and slammed a folder filled with papers on Tad’s desk. 
“I have some information I’d like to share with you about your star employee here.”
CeeCee’s heart began to beat out of her chest. Well, this is it, she thought as Felicity raged on. 
“This woman is destructive and hazardous to the label.  As you’ll read here, she was fired from Jones & Waterstone PR for sleeping with the talent, namely my ex-boyfriend Billy BadAss.  You’ll probably know her by her tabloid name The-” 
Tad finished her sentence. “…Cougarette?”  
Both CeeCee and Felicity stared at Tad in silence as he continued with a shit-eating grin on his face.  
“Yes, Felicity, I’m well aware of the story.  In fact, you’d be surprised at how much I know - especially when it comes to you.”  
He leaned over to his computer keyboard and pushed a button.  The surround sound speakers in his office filled with CeeCee and Felicity’s voices. 

...I wouldn’t say “dated” as much as “fucked him for publicity”...
....What are you getting at?...
...keep your geriatric pussy away from him or I’ll tell that fag Tad and anyone else who will listen in this building about your Cougarette past...
...You already got fired from one firm because of it. Don’t make me get you fired from this label, too...

Tad stopped the recording as Felicity shivered. 
“You...recorded me?  That...that’s illegal!”  
Tad stood up with a stapled stack of papers in his hand, walking to the front of his desk to meet Felicity’s shocked face.  
“You mentioned on the recording that it’s amazing how the Internet works. Well, you know, it’s amazing how your contract works.  Page 4, Paragraph 8, Clause 2: Any audio, video and/or in-person meeting with Platinum Noize Entertainment staff and personnel is subject to recording for training purposes.  CeeCee is still within her 90-day training period.  Ergo, you done fucked up, girl,”
He continued as Felicity’s mouth dropped.  “You should really take up more reading comprehension and less fucking for publicity.  Let’s see - blackmail, ageism and good old-fashioned gay bashing?   ZMT would love to hear this recording, I’m sure.” 
Felicity begged, “Please, no Tad.  I’ll do anything! This cannot leak! I’ll be ruined!” 
Tad shrugged. “Very well then. In that case, here’s the alternative.” Felicity stood in horror as Tad tore the contract in two.  “You are done at Platinum Noize Entertainment.   Your ATL management team has a copy of the recording and will probably be dumping you over the phone, too.  See yourself out, Miss Hunter.”  
He threw the pieces of paper in Felicity’s face and calmly sat back at his desk.  Felicity whimpered and ran out in tears. CeeCee was at an utter loss for words.  She had never witnessed such a dramatic display that wasn’t on a Real Housewives episode. 
Tad looked in her direction. "Did you really think that a hip, gay man in his early thirties wouldn’t know who the Cougarette was?  You were an icon among the gays in Boystown for about a week and a half.” 
CeeCee’s eyes widened. “Wait, you knew it before the recording?” 
Tad laughed. “Honey, I knew when I read your resume.  I never mentioned it because you never said anything.  Granted, the recording was for training purposes but I figured Felicity would give me a nugget of bitchiness that I could use to finally get her kicked off the label.  Boy, did she ever!  Look, Cee - I didn’t care when I hired you and I don’t care now. You are a hard worker with a great personality and you deliver results.  That’s all I care about.”
CeeCee smiled as Tad continued. “Now that said, the departure of Felicity Hunter from the Platinum Noize banner leaves some room on your client roster.  This is what I was planning on speaking with you about later - but life has a funny way of working itself out sometimes, huh?  I’d like you to meet your new client. Well, not new, I suppose.  You two have a little bit of history.”  Tad motioned toward the door as CeeCee followed his gaze.
“Miss CeeCee! We meet again!” Billy BadAss walked in with his signature sunglasses and bling on. 
CeeCee stood up and faced Tad. “Oh no! He almost dissolved my career. Tad, please - I’m begging you.  Anyone but this kid!” 
Billy removed his glasses.   “Look, I never got a chance to apologize to you.  By the time I left that crook Frank Richmond, I got signed here and tried to find you at Jones & Waterstone, but you were already ghost.  Miss CeeCee, believe me when I tell ya: I had nothin’ to do with those pictures leaking to ZMT or the paparazzi stalking you.  That was all Frank - his way of makin’ sure the added publicity kept linin’ his pockets.  He was the one that hooked up that remix with Snoop.  When we performed it live on Kimmel, that was the first time I’d ever even heard that verse.  For real, for real.” 
CeeCee looked back when Tad spoke. “He’s telling the truth.  Billy and I had a long conversation after I reviewed the recording last week.  I would have never suggested you manage him again if I thought he was lying.” 
CeeCee looked back at Billy.  “If we work together again, I need to trust you.  I need to know the real you.  I will promote Billy BadAss...but I manage Francis Thomas.  Is that clear?” 
Billy slowly shook his head with a smirk. “Crystal clear, Miss CeeCee.” 
She stuck her hand out for a shake but Billy went in for a hug. “Don’t play me like that, Miss CeeCee!” 
Tad got up from his desk, patting both of them on the back. “Hugs are fine. But for goodness sake, just don’t kiss him again.”

Chapter 30
“Looks like we have approximately 150 guests seated. Musicians are all tuned up.  Every member of the party is lined up and ready to proceed.” CeeCee muted her earpiece and walked through a set of giant doors.  She looked at Laney dressed in creamy white and smiled wide at the bride to be. 
“You ready for this, bitch?” 
She winked at her Matron of Honor. “Since birth, bitch.” 
CeeCee smoothed out Laney’s long lace appliqué jacket.  “Let’s take that walk then.” 
The ceremony music started, a soft harp instrumental of Sade’s No Ordinary Love.  The ushers opened the door and CeeCee watched her best friend of over twenty years assume her position at the outdoor gazebo in Shepard’s Park.  CeeCee followed, arm-in-arm with Roxy’s older brother Ramon serving as Best Man.  
The sunshine and the warm breeze served as a perfect backdrop for a small outdoor wedding.  As CeeCee walked, she couldn’t help but to remember her own May wedding at the Justice of Peace all those years ago.  She was so young, so naive - but very much in love at the time.  She gazed over to the right side to see Jay gazing right back.  CeeCee was so happy that he was back in her life.  This time, they vowed to take it slow and get to really know each other on a deeper level - while still having amazing sex.  They were both in their sexual primes - it only made sense.
CeeCee wondered how Junior was faring as Best Man at Tony’s wedding.  In a few short months, he would be going away to Yale.  Little did Junior know, CeeCee had asked Tad to add her to the event planning detail for the New Haven stop on the Billy BadAss Bad Boy Chronicles tour this fall - just so she could stop by the campus for a surprise visit.  
Once the three of them were posted at the gazebo, the guests all stood up as Roxy walked with her father. She was stunning in a satin A-line dress with an asymmetrical neckline.  When CeeCee looked back at Laney, she saw the tears spring from her eyes.  She felt pride for her friend, who had come full circle in her relationship with Roxy.  
She looked at Jay, who couldn’t keep his eyes off of her.  He and Stanley were communicating almost weekly now and were planning a father/son trip to Vegas before the end of the summer. It made CeeCee happy that their relationship was growing and she thanked the Drunk Gods daily that she fell asleep that fateful night in Stanley’s hotel room.
After the ceremony, the guests went inside and dined on vegetarian cuisine catered by the brides’ favorite restaurant, Nourish on Michigan.  After the feast, toasts and cake cutting, everyone danced the night away.  By ten o’clock, CeeCee’s feet were Chicken Danced, Celebrationed and Macarena’d out.  She plopped herself down in her black strapless dress next to Jay, scooting down into his arms. 
“Mmmm, baby. How come you won’t dance with me?” 
Jay took a swig of his Heineken.  “This is the only night I am allowing myself to drink.  I don’t need to dance.” He winked at his woman and kissed her forehead.  
Laney strutted over, free of the jacket and wearing just the strapless jumpsuit. She waved her bouquet of white roses over the couple’s heads.  “I still haven’t gotten my Thank You card for making this happen.” 
Jay and CeeCee looked at each other and said in unison, “Thanks bitch.” 
Laney laughed loudly. “Don’t let her influence you, Jay!”  
She sat down.  “So I know this is probably the last person you both want to hear about...but guess what I just read about Felicity Hunter on ZMT?” 
CeeCee sighed.  “Come on! This is a joyous event. Must we bring her up...and is it juicy?”
Laney handed her cell to CeeCee, who held it up for her and Jay to read the tagline as she laid in his arms:

ZMT EXCLUSIVE: Felicity Hunter Nudes Leaked!

“I can say with certainty that they didn’t come from me.” Jay said with a smile. 
CeeCee lightly elbowed him in the ribs. “Sure the hell better not! It’s always something with that child.  I’m still trying to figure out who leaked the news that she and Jay broke up because of the fake engagement.” 
Laney stopped a waiter carrying cake slices on a tray and took one.  She laid it on the table in front of CeeCee. 
“Here. Have some ZMT cake.” 
CeeCee looked at the cake and back at Laney. “No you didn’t!”  
Jay took a sip of his beer.  “We’ll just call it my wedding gift to the brides.” 
CeeCee sat up, looking at Jay and Laney in disbelief. “Okay, that’s it.  You two are officially cut off from each other!  No more co-conspirating!” 
Jay put his hands up.  “To be fair, it was Laney’s idea but I did execute it.  We had to do something to get her back for tormenting you. Don’t act like you aren’t happy things turned out the way they did, baby.”
CeeCee leaned over and gave Jay a lingering kiss.  
Laney grimaced.  “Jeez, get a room!”  
As Laney walked back to her bride for a dance, Jay looked down at CeeCee. “I have a question.”
CeeCee rolled her eyes. “Not this game again.  Go ahead.”
“Are you in love with me?”
“Absolutely.  My turn – are you in love with me?”
Jay paused in mock consideration. “I guess.  My turn – will you marry me?”
CeeCee smirked. “Do you have a ring?”
Jay laughed. “Cheater – answer my question first.”
“Maybe. Not today.  Someday, I hope. My turn – do you have a ring?”
“Maybe. Not today. Someday, I hope.  Me and you – we have a lot of work to do.”
CeeCee shrugged. “We do.  But I don’t mind working for you.  Your ex? Yes.”
Jay frowned. “I’m never gonna live that down, am I?”
“If I can survive being The Cougarette, you can survive anything.”
Jay smiled as she settled back into his arms.  For all the madness she had to endure to get there, Cecelia Nicole Banks was finally right where she wanted to be.  

THE END
###


