

Moments Series Book One

The
Forbidden
Moments
We
Share

“Dangerous, trouble and sexy as hell”


Candace Campbell


The Forbidden Moments We Share

Copyright © 2021 Candace Campbell

All rights reserved.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locals is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
Dedication
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Thanks to my family, friends, and co-workers for being there for me, and listening to me talk about my books for hours, and giving me advice.
A huge thank you to all the editors who helped make this book so much better.

TO MY PARENTS
Thank you for giving me the strength to never give up on my dreams. Reading and writing have always been hard for me, but nothing is impossible. The things in life that are hard to do are often the most worth trying.

Dedication


I dedicate this book to my best friend, the love of my life.
Fate led me to you, and I am so grateful for the life we share.

Perfection

Every touch is perfection
So soft so sweet,
Every look is perfection
So pure, so honest
Every kiss is perfection
So sensual, so seductive
Every moment is perfection
This is perfection
We are so imperfectly perfect

Chapter 1


Talia walked past the line of people waiting to get into the most popular club in the city with her best friend Brianne in tow. They walked up to Keith, the bouncer, and Talia used her incredibly charming smile and he let the women right in. Both of the girls went there often enough, everyone that worked at the club knew who they were, and all the guys wished they knew Talia better. But she was one of those girls that a man was better admiring from a distance. She was obviously pretty; tall and curvy with flowing dark chocolate-brown hair and expressive green eyes. She was a beautiful woman with a hot body and a killer smile, and she knew it. Talia knew how to work that in her favor, but she was also a very smart girl–most of the time. After high school, she learned how to stay out of incriminating situations.

“How do I look?” Brianne asked as she pulled Talia around by the arm to look at her before they entered the nightclub. Talia looked at her best friend; she could tell Brianne was so nervous about her date.
She tried to reassure her with a smile and fixed a stray piece of her hair. “You look perfect now — but shouldn’t I be the one that is nervous about this blind double date you are setting me up on?” Talia laughed and rolled her eyes. “You’re lucky I love you, and that’s the only reason I am here right now. I hope this guy that you know nothing about is at least good looking?”
“I know, thank you. I am sorry. The only thing Shane told me about his friend is that they work together.” Brianne’s nervous smile remained, but her big blue eyes shone with excitement. She must really like whoever this Shane guy was. “I figured you might hit it off with this guy. He is older and works in marketing and you took that in university so you might have something in common.”
“I don’t enjoy marketing; I am just good at it and my dad made me take business. Marketing was the only area that seemed appealing to me. My genuine passion is writing, but you already know that,” Talia said and rolled her eyes at her best friend again. “Don’t worry, I’ll be nice to the guy.’’ She flashed a mischievous smile.
“Well, who knows — he could be the guy for you. It would be nice to see you settle down with a real man so you can stop fooling around with Loser College guys.” Brianne batted her eyelashes at Talia, and they both laughed.
“Your track record for losers is far higher than mine, need I remind you?” Talia countered, and Brianne didn’t even bother with a comeback.
“Where do they work?” Talia asked, trying to find something out about her blind date.
“I can’t remember the name of the company Shane works for he told me it’s like Fire and Ice or something like that.”

Brianne led the way through the very large night club; it was still early, and even though there was a line outside, the club was pretty much dead.
Talia followed her friend to a table where a good-looking man got to his feet and hugged Brianne, while giving Talia a smile. Shane was tall and physically fit; Talia thought he looked good standing next to Brianne. Talia almost didn’t notice her date wasn’t with him. The date she didn’t want to meet and, frankly, didn’t want to be on. Oh, the things people do for their friends.
“Shane, this is my best friend Talia,” Brianne said, smiling at him as she introduced them.
Brianne was a beautiful girl, Talia thought. Next to Shane, it was even more apparent. Brianne was short, had blonde hair, with light blue eyes, accentuated by a thin figure. Brianne and Talia were exact opposites, but that’s what made their friendship so special. They were never compared to each other, and even though they were so different, they got each other in a way that no one else understood.
Brianne looked innocent, but she was the wild one that had a serious partying problem and she always ended up in bed with the wrong guy. Talia was the sexy, mysterious girl who looked a lot worse than she was. Oh, sure, Talia tried to be the bad girl, but it never worked out for her; she always ended up hurting herself more in the long run. She learned after a time that she didn’t have to be the bad girl for people to think she was one. When you look a certain way and hang out with certain people, reputations are built. Deep down, she really was a sweet girl with a good heart. She just wanted to move on from her past and have a happy life. Sometimes, that was easier said than done.
Shane offered his hand to Talia. “It’s so nice to meet you, Talia. Thank you for coming.” Shane’s smile was warm and his handshake felt sincere.
“It’s nice to meet you, Shane,” Talia smiled.
“Thanks for coming out with us,” He smiled. “Come over to the table and meet my friend, Emerson.”
Talia followed them over to the table and she was met with a familiar piercing blue gaze that looked as uncomfortable to see her as she was to see him. She eyed him up and down; it really was him — the most amazing, sexiest man she believed she had ever seen, and she couldn’t get away from him. Standing there, looking down at the man she wished she could kiss, she felt guilty. Talia knew she had to stay away from him. She shook, and she became conscious of her choice of highly inappropriate, sultry club wear. As she tugged on the hem of her tight red dress, she tried to pull her dress down to cover more, but this effort only showed off more cleavage. She couldn’t win. She used her jean jacket to cover herself as best she could. The man, Emerson, was undoubtedly checking her out. She shook inside and out.
Why him? Of all the men she could have been set up on a date with, why did it have to be him? She had been such a good girl. She stayed far away from him the best she could, but he just showed up everywhere she went. It was like the universe was conspiring against her. She only had two weeks left, too, and then it wouldn’t even matter anymore. Talia didn’t understand why she was so affected by this man. She didn’t know if it was because he was sexy, smart, and had all the same passions as she did, or if it was something else completely. When she looked at him, she became lost.
I still can’t lose the feeling those eyes give me. You would think after months, the butterflies and the familiarity would disappear.
Emerson smiled at Talia as he shook his head in disbelief. He absently ran his fingers through his thick, black hair.
Oh, how I would like to do that. This isn’t really happening, is it? Talia quickly shoved the thought from her mind.

Emerson smiled as he shook Brianne’s hand. He couldn’t help but shoot Shane a look before his attention went to Talia. In a moment’s boldness, he slipped out of the booth, so they were standing face-to-face. A tall, muscular man, standing face-to-face with a young untouchable beauty.
This girl drives me crazy; I want her so badly and she wants me too. It’s so obvious. It’s written all over her face.
Was it fate that they kept running into each other? Could she deny that they had a connection? That there were sparks? Emerson knew he should stay away from her, but that just made him want her even more.
Tonight should be interesting. Emerson chuckled to himself.
“Talia, this is my friend, Emerson Rose,” Shane prompted as the awkward silence stretched on. “Emerson, this is Talia, Brianne’s best friend.”
Emerson shook her hand and looked deep into her dark green eyes, pinning them under his blue gaze. “Hello, Talia. It’s nice to meet you.”

He was so close that his scent was overpowering; she took in a deep breath, inhaling his smell that made her mouth run dry.
She licked her lips as she responded, “Hello Emerson, it’s nice to meet you as well.” Talia shook his hand, and they both settled at the table.
Shane faced Brianne, and he touched her hand.
“I’m going to the bar to get drinks. Do you want to come with me?” he asked. She flashed him a smile but glanced toward Talia.
“I’ll be right back. Behave yourself,” Brianne said pointedly, frowning as she caught the look of fear on Talia’s face. Talia might have hidden behind her reputation for being a bitch, but she wasn’t about to let Emerson ruin their double-date night. Yet, Talia wasn’t prepared for being left alone with him. But she didn’t want to inconvenience Brianne. She quickly hid the look with a smile and shook her head, letting her friend know she was fine.
Shane and Brianne went to the bar. Talia made the best of it by turning to face Emerson and giving an uncertain smile.
“So, this is an interesting situation we are in, Ms. Thorn,” he broke the silence.
“Yes, Professor Rose, I believe this is a funny situation,” Talia agreed, trying to pull away from him; she needed to keep her distance from him for his sake, not hers.
“Why is it you never talk to me outside of class, never stay after class, nor come to any of my poetry readings like all the other girls do, and yet, I run into you the most?”
“I don’t know,” Talia admitted and looked down before she looked back up at him through long, thick lashes.
“Fate, perhaps?” he moved in close to her and she swallowed hard as she couldn’t take her eyes off his.
“Coincidence. That’s all it is, Professor,” Talia snapped; she didn’t like where he was going with the whole fate thing.
“Calm down, Talia. You’re only my student for another week. It’s no big deal.”
“It is a big deal. What if someone sees you with me and thinks I am sleeping with my teacher?” Talia shook her head. That was not a road she wanted to go down.
“It’s not that big of a deal. It’s just a part-time creative writing course. No one would even care if we were sleeping together,” he said with a suggestive smile.
“I care.” Talia stared deep into his eyes with a look that said it will not happen. It probably wasn’t a look that Emerson was use to getting from women. Talia thought he was the type of guy that didn’t have to ask to get a woman into bed. His gorgeous blue eyes and sexy smile, mixed with his killer physique, did the job for him. “Let’s just make it through tonight for the sake of our friends, and after you grade my last paper next week, we can be rid of each other.” Talia hoped her serious tone was aiding in getting her point across.
Apparently not. Emerson moved in close and whispered in her ear, “Now why on earth would I want that? I like it when you are around.”
Talia didn’t say a word but shot him and an unimpressed glare.
“Oh, Ms. Thorn, if looks could kill,” he purred and laughed as his hand grazed over hers on the table. The touch was gentle — not what she was accustomed to. Talia merely looked into his eyes; she didn’t shake or giggle at his touch, nor pull away. There was something about him, but she didn’t know what it was. She felt conflicted. She loved the way she felt around him, but she felt she should stay far away from this man.
“If looks could kill, I am sure you would have been killed a long time ago.” Talia laughed, but she still didn’t move her arm away from his. She didn’t want him to get the satisfaction of knowing he made her nervous.
I have to remain in control here. So, what if he is good looking, and he knows it? I can handle good-looking guys. What makes him so damn irresistible? Is it those amazing I-know-what-you-want-and-I-can-give-it-to-you, eyes? Oh, I want to kiss him at the same moment as I want to cry. Something about his eyes–I can’t let go of the feeling, they are so familiar to me, but before class I had never met Emerson and hopefully, after next week, I won’t have to see him again.

 “Yes, I am sure I would be,” he said with a mild laugh, his attention drifting to watch the club fill with people. “Do you come here often?” he asked and looked over to her, only to realize a server had snagged her attention.
The good-looking guy bent down and kissed Talia on the cheek, smiled at Emerson, and then walked away.
“Who was that?”
“Chuck, he works here,” Talia said and batted her eyes at him. He didn’t miss that she fidgeted with her hands in her lap.
“Do you let all the servers kiss you?” he asked in a low, rusty voice.
“No, Chuck is a friend of mine. I come here a lot and he watches out for me and my friends,” Talia said. “We won’t have to wait for drinks for the rest of the night. Chuck will hook us up.”
“Really, you expect me to believe that guy is just your friend, and he is going to bring us drinks all night. Then just watch you leave?”
“Yes.”
“No way.” He laughed.
“Why not, that’s his job,” she countered. “The owner of this club is good friends with my dad and so when I come here, I get treated very well.” Talia smiled and waved at the DJ who was waving her over, but Talia shook her head.
“I guess the DJ is a friend, too?” he asked, rolling his eyes.
Talia smiled at him like she knew she drove him crazy. “I have a lot of friends, Professor.”
“Will you stop calling me that? We’re not in class right now, Talia.”
She turned her entire body in his direction and smiled up at him. “No, we’re on a date.” 
“Yes, it would seem that way,” Emerson agreed. “So, tell me about yourself.”
“Why?” she asked, confused.
“Because we are on a date and that’s what people do on dates. They talk about themselves,” he said in a soft voice as he leaned in close to her again.
“Yes, but what we already know about each other is more than enough.” Talia swallowed hard. She hated how he got to her like no other guy ever did. “I promised Brianne I would be nice, so I will be. But I don’t think us telling each other our deep dark secrets is a good idea.” Talia looked over to the bar but didn’t see the other couple. “Where are Brianne and Shane? They’ve been gone a while.”
“Talia, you write beautiful poetry. I have read your deep dark secrets in some form or another and I love how raw and dark you are; your work, it’s very inspiring. I always look forward to reading your work the most.”
“I never thought of it that way,” Talia muttered, but he could barely hear her over the base of the music. “Thank you for the compliment. I love poetry, I love writing, and I love your writing. I have read all your books.”
His eyes lit up. “You have read my books? Thank you,” he said, like he was very honored.
“No, thank you. Since I am being nice, I will tell you something you are one of my favorite poets,” Talia said shyly. 
“Well, that’s an incredible honor. Who else is on that list?”
Talia smiled, and it seemed she was happy talking to him about writing. She appeared more comfortable. It seemed appropriate for them to discuss their passion for the art, rather than to talk about themselves. Brianne set a drink down in front of her, cutting Talia off before she could speak her next thought.
“Holy, took you two long enough,” Emerson huffed at his friend as he grabbed his beer.
“Sorry,” Brianne giggled. “We ended up on the dance floor.”
“Distractions, distractions,” Emerson purred. He picked up his beer and took a sip.
Brianne and Shane took their seats across from Talia and Emerson.
“Do you two know each other?” Shane asked, smiling as he took a sip of his beer and looked from Emerson to Talia.

Chapter 2


Talia smiled and went to open her mouth to tell them the entire story but, before she could, Emerson shook his head and grabbed Talia’s hand.
“Talia, dance with me,” he demanded. She hesitated a moment, then agreed.
“We’ll be back,” Talia said excitedly. She winked at her best friend and led Emerson to the dance floor.
The song That’s What I Like by Bruno Mars came on.
“This is my song,” Talia said with a laugh, leading them onto the dance floor. She swayed her hips, watching Emerson as he looked utterly lost; he must not know the song.
“Don’t laugh at me. It’s not nice,” he said, moving in close to her. When she didn’t move away from him, he put his hands on her hips and they moved to the beat together.
Talia laughed. “What’s so funny?” he asked, arching his eyebrow.
“My teacher is grinding up against me; something about that just feels so wrong.”
“Oh, you make me feel like a villain. We’re just dancing,” Emerson huffed and rolled his eyes.
“I think I need a shot, if we’re going to be dancing like this all night.” Talia said, and they made their way through the crowds of people to the bar. “Hey Jimmy, can I have two porn star shots?” Talia asked the bartender. He smiled at her warmly.
“Anything for you, my dear,” Jimmy the bartender said, his smile fading as he eyed Emerson behind her. “He with you?”
“Yeah,” Talia said and made a funny face. “I am on a date.”
“Really,” Jimmy said as he gave Emerson a shocked look. “Well, buddy, I don’t know who the hell you are, but consider yourself lucky if she agreed to go on a date with you,” Jimmy said as he set the shots on the bar. “This round’s on me.”
“She didn’t agree. She was forced into it,” Emerson admitted, and he smiled and looked down into Talia’s eyes.
“The things we do for our friends,” she said, picking up a shot. Emerson did the same, and they both knocked them back and laughed.
“What the hell am I drinking?” Emerson asked, making a bitter face. “That was so sour. Before tonight, I would have taken you for a sweet girl.”
“Well, now you know there isn’t anything sweet about me,” Talia purred with an almost evil look on her face. Then she broke it with a laugh, taking another shot. He followed suit.
“Are you up for another?” Emerson asked.
“Professor Rose, are you trying to get me drunk?” Talia laughed.
“Well, yes. Maybe that will make this situation less tense.”
“Ok then, let’s get drunk.” Talia waved Jimmy back over and Emerson ordered them two shots of liquid cocaine. “Why did you pull me away from your friend when I was going to say how we know each other?”
“Because I don’t want Sane to know I teach. If you don’t mind, can we just keep that between us?” Emerson asked, looking deep into her eyes. He almost looked ashamed… or afraid; she felt sorry for him.
“Yeah, of course,” Talia muttered and shook her head. “Is that why you have a pen name for your books, because you don’t want people to know who you are?”
“Yes.”
Talia was leaning up against the bar and she moved in close to him, so their bodies were touching. His scent wafted over her again. “I understand not wanting people to know who you are. Say no more, your secret is safe with me.”
“We are kicking it, old school. This is a shout out to the most beautiful girl in this club. Talia, this is your song, baby girl. Enjoy,” the DJ said over the stereo. The Way You Make Me Feel by Michael Jackson came on the stereo and Talia laughed.
“I love this song.”
“Well, it was dedicated to you, so we better go dance, and I actually know this song,” Emerson touched her back as he whispered in her ear. His fiery breath rolled down her neck, giving her goosebumps. Something about him made her feel weak in the knees.
They made their way to the dance floor where they found Shane and Brianne already dancing. They danced to a few songs and then they found an empty couch to settle on and take a break. Brianne and Shane went to play pool.
Talia was fanning herself with her hand, and sweat was running down her cheek.
“If you’re hot, why don’t you take off your jacket?” Emerson suggested as he handed her a bottle of water.
“Because I am embarrassed about the dress, I wore tonight,” she admitted. “I didn’t know you were going to be here.” Talia looked down at the hem of her short red dress.
“If I was someone else, would you take your jacket off?”
“Yes.”
“Oh my god, you’re crazy. Who the hell cares? We are drunk and having fun. I promise I will not treat you any different in class because of tonight,” he laughed.
“Ok, so tonight is just another little secret,” Talia said as she stood up and took off her jean jacket, revealing her perfect curvy body wrapped up in a fitted red dress that left little to the imagination.
“Wow, that’s what you wore on a blind date?” Emerson shook his head as he let out a playful laugh. “Well, it’s different from the cardigans you wear to class.” He checked her out.
“Yes, well, I was trying to make a statement,” Talia said.
“And what statement is that?” Emerson asked, confused.
“Okay, I’ll explain. If you didn’t know me, and this was our first meeting, and you saw me in this dress, what would your first impression of me be?” Talia asked as she sat down beside him and looked into his eyes. “Be honest.”
Emerson moved in close and whispered in her ear as he touched her arm, running his fingers over her skin, making her mouth water. “Dangerous, trouble, and sexy as hell.”
Talia pulled her arm away from him and took a sip of her drink. “Dangerous and trouble is what I was going for.” Talia gave him an evil look and laughed.
“Really, you want people to think that about you?” he asked.
“Yes, then they leave me alone,” she muttered, with almost sad eyes.
Emerson moved in close and looked deep into her eyes. “What if I don’t want to leave you alone?”
Talia swallowed hard; he made her feel excited and the look in his eyes told her he wanted her. Talia took a deep breath and gave him a look that said we will never happen.
“So, you and Shane work together? Brianne told me you work for an advertising company? I am curious how do you live two separate lives?” Talia asked, and then her question made her feel ill.

The thought that he lived two separate lives left a bitter taste in her mouth. Her father lived two separate lives and because of all his lies, two women ended up losing their lives and she lost her mother. Talia was so infatuated with Emerson, but she knew he was dangerous, and she should stay away–even though a part of her didn’t want to. But she didn’t want to be the girl that had an affair with her teacher.
He smiled, but his expression became more serious.
“Sometimes we have to behave a certain way; we have to do things because that’s what is expected of us. I am caught in-between who I want to be, and who my family expects me to be. I just gave in to what my dad wanted and now I work for him. But, to keep myself happy, I write books and teach part time at the college because writing is my passion. I love it but I want to keep the peace with my old man. It just makes life easier to be what he wants me to be rather than to be the real me,” Emerson admitted.
“That’s sad, but I understand. I come from a very messed up family and I often try to hide who I really am from people. But I am the opposite; I enjoy pissing off my old man, even though he often gets what he wants in the end. I think deep down, no matter how much we hate our parents, all we ever really want is to make them proud. Like for me, I wanted to get my Masters in Shakespeare Studies, but my dad won that fight and I stayed here and took Business and English.” Talia rolled her eyes.
“You are still young. That’s why you like to piss your father off. When I was young, I did everything to piss my old man off. I almost got kicked out of university when I was getting my business degree. I started an underground fight club; I was undefeated three years in a row and I made loads of cash. One night we got caught, and I almost got kicked out of school. My dad paid the school a lot of money to let me stay. I didn’t care. I didn’t want to be there, after I graduated. I was still getting into trouble and my father gave up on me and told me I could do whatever I wanted. So I went to study Shakespeare in the UK, at the University of Birmingham. I loved studying Shakespeare and my time there was amazing. I grew up a lot and learned a lot about myself. When I came home, I was a different man and my father and I came to an understanding. It’s like you said; deep down, we just want to make our parents happy.”
“Even if that means giving up what we want?” Talia asked. “I am so jealous you got to study Shakespeare,” she added playfully.
“It was amazing. I am impressed that you have a love for Shakespeare; most people think my degree was a waste of time and money, but for me it was the best thing I ever did.”
“People suck,” she snapped. “I think all that matters is that you learned something and if it was important to you, then who cares what other people think.”
“Why are you taking a creative writing course when you have a BA in English?” Emerson asked. They ended up staying close to each other as they spoke, the noise from the club making conversation difficult. But the heat from his body made her so hot she could barely think.
Talia moved away from him, and she laughed.
“What’s so funny?” Emerson asked, baffled.
“I am not a stalker or anything,” Talia laughed again. “Maybe just your biggest fan. I have read all your books and I follow you online. When you posted on your website, you were teaching at the college, I signed up for your class. I love poetry and I love writing and I have really enjoyed your class.” She looked away from him, embarrassed.
Emerson leaned over to touch her cheek, looking into her eyes. “I am extremely honored. I didn’t know I had such a dedicated fan. I also am a fan of your writing.”
“Oh, you’re just saying that to be nice,” she said, shaking her head uncomfortably.

“A stolen moment was all we shared
A soft touch, a gentle stare
He held my hand because he cared.
A memory that will always be there
I don’t know him; I never will.
But there are moments when I get a chill.
When I think of how he saved me
One night on a hill.”

Emerson recited her poem back to her slowly, with such passion that it sounded amazing coming from his lips.
“Wow, you memorized my poem,” Talia said, trying to hold back her emotions; he made her feel things that she had never felt before.
“Yes, I told you I like your work,” he said, looking deeply into her eyes.
“I will not sleep with you, Professor,” Talia laughed nervously.
Emerson moved away from her and shot her a dirty look. “I wasn’t asking you to.” He changed the subject. “I am really excited to read your last assignment.” 
“Well, I really enjoyed writing the last assignment, so I hope I get a good grade.” Talia said back with a sweet smile.

Talia and Emerson looked up to see a beautiful blonde-haired woman in her early thirties wearing a white pencil skirt to her knees with a cream-colored blouse and matching shoes. She didn’t look like she fit in at the club at all, and had a fixed scowl on her face. The girl she was with was also tall and blonde, but not nearly as pretty.
“Emerson, so nice to see you. It looks like you are having fun,” said the pissed off blonde, batting her eyelashes as she glared at Talia.
Emerson stood up, fixing her with a scowl of her own. “Clara, what are you doing here?”
“It’s a club. I can be here if I want to be.” She crossed her arms and rolled her eyes.
“This is a little much, even for you Clara.” He mimicked her with crossing his own arms. “How did you know I was going to be here?”
She suddenly glanced away, skirting his gaze. “I didn’t know you were going to be here.”
“Really? So, you’re telling me you and Maryann just thought you would go clubbing?”
“Yes, sorry to surprise you, but I have a life. I’m not surprised to see you picking up a little slut for the night,” she hissed. Talia stood up and stared at the woman. “Come on Emerson, really,” she pointed at Talia up and down. “She is like, what, nineteen? That’s a little pathetic even for you.” She grabbed for his arm to get his attention.
Emerson shrugged off her hold and moved in close to her face. “Don’t be a bitch to my friend, I think you owe her an apology if you ever want me to speak to you again,” he demanded.
He moved away from Clara. She looked at Talia, rolled her eyes and muttered, “I’m sorry, he is only going to use you for the night and you’ll never see him again. Have fun being used.” Clara laughed with her friend.
 “Hey, you are so pretty, but you could be nicer,” Talia shot her a confident smile. “It’s not nice to judge a book by its cover, but I will enjoy my night, thank you.” Talia took Emerson by the hand and they walked to the dance floor where they met with Brianne and Shane.
“What was that all about?” Brianne asked, concerned.
Talia looked at Emerson for an explanation. “I am sorry, Clara is a friend of my family. She thinks that we are going to get married. She is obsessed with me. She comes across as a little crazy, but we grew up together. We work together and our families are very close.” Emerson shrugged his shoulders, looking annoyed. They went back to dancing.
As they were dancing, Talia looked over to find Clara watching them. Talia smiled and waved to her as Emerson was grinding up on her.
“You’re really pissing her off,” he whispered in her ear, and his fiery breath made her body shake. She shut her eyes and let herself enjoy the way his hands felt on her hips. “I love it. Most girls find her intimidating.”
Talia turned around, wrapped her arms around his neck and laughed. “Intimidating? Come on, when you look and dress the way I do, you get used to being called a slut. I deal with jealous girls all the time. It’s no big deal. I actually feel bad for her.”

He touched her face and looked into her eyes. She felt like it wasn’t a good idea, but she wanted him to kiss her. She wanted to feel his lips on hers and taste his tongue in her mouth. She breathed in deep and shut her eyes. She was giving in, letting him have her if he wanted her, something she didn’t let happen as often as people thought.

Just then, two enormous arms wrapped around Talia’s waist and she was pulled away from Emerson. She looked down at the arms around her waist, screamed and jabbed her heel into the man’s foot. He released her from his grip. Talia turned around and looked at the tall, good-looking jock she knew far too well. 
Before she thought about it, she slapped him across the face for good measure. “Jeff, what the hell are you doing?”
Emerson came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her. 
“Are you ok?” he asked, looking down at Talia’s angry face. She took a deep breath and nodded. Emerson looked up at the other guy, his face was mad as hell and he looked like he was ready to kill. She couldn’t worry about that right then.
“What the hell was that?” she snapped.
“Who the hell is this guy?” Jeff countered, pointing at Emerson.
Jeff was tall and thin; he had golden brown hair and green eyes. He wore dark blue jeans and a striped polo shirt with the collar popped. Talia and Jeff had an on and off again thing for years, but they never actually dated and they hadn’t been together in months. “I thought I was saving you.”
“Saving me? I don’t need to be saved. I am a big girl,” Talia hissed. “Jeff, this is my date. Emerson, this is Jeff, a friend; we went to school together,” Talia said. She didn’t think the situation could get more uncomfortable. 
“Fucking friends! If that’s what we are, then you really are a slut,” Jeff screamed at her.
Talia was pissed, but she was more distracted by the massive body shaking in rage behind her. She pushed herself away from him, keeping herself in between the two men.
“Jeff, I think you need to leave now,” Talia said back.
“Or what? The new guy you’re banging is going to kick my ass?” Jeff laughed.
“Will you stop this shit, Jeff? I am not sleeping with anybody. Just leave me alone, I don’t want to be with you, and you don’t want me either.”
Talia grabbed Emerson’s hand, and Brianne and Shane followed her to the bar.
Brianne gave Talia a hug. “Honey, are you ok?”
“Yeah, I am fine. It’s just Jeff being ridiculous. I wish he would just go away,” she muttered. She was so embarrassed, and now her teacher thought she was a slut.
Talia ordered a round of shots for all of them.
Emerson moved in close to her and whispered in her ear, “An ex of yours?”
“Yeah, I guess you can call him that.” Talia rolled her eyes and sighed. She looked through the crowds of people and saw Jeff walking over to them. But before she could get out of the way, a redheaded girl bumped into her. It took her a moment before she seemed to recognize them.
“Talia, Professor Rose,” Anna Boxer said cheerfully. She was also a student in his class.
Good thing Sane was distracted by kissing Brianne, so he didn’t notice Anna call Emerson by his title.
“Hello, Ms. Boxer, it would seem I am running into all my students tonight,” Emerson huffed, giving Talia a pointed look. Talia moved away from Anna and Emerson when she saw that Jeff was laughing at them. Anna moved on, leaving Talia and Emerson alone with the problem of Jeff.
“Professor. He is your teacher?” Jeff asked with a laugh.
“Jeff, shut up!” Talia screamed at him, her patience snapping.
“Old habits die hard. Hey, Tal, always going after teachers. You are a whore just like you were in high school, just like your mother,” Jeff said with a shake of his head.
“I am not a whore,” Talia shot back. “I never slept with you, did I?”
“I still had my dick in your mouth,” Jeff replied, a cocky smile on his lips.
Suddenly, Talia found herself pushed aside and Emerson was standing in front of her. She had to lean around him to see Jeff out cold on the floor. Emerson appeared flustered, but he didn’t even break a sweat punching Jeff.
Brianne grabbed Talia by the hand and pulled her out of the club. Shane and Emerson followed; they regrouped and headed down the street.
“Will one of you tell me what the hell is going on?” Shane asked, very confused.
“My ex was causing problems and Emerson was defending me.” Talia said with a roll of her eyes.
Brianne hugged Talia and then looked up at Emerson. “Thank you for that. Someone needed to punch that guy in the face.”
“Anytime some asshole needs a punch in the head, let me know,” Emerson replied with a chuckle.
“Yeah, well, it’s not that funny. Jeff is probably going to find out who you are so he can have you charged. His dad is a lawyer,” Talia said, looking up at him as she ran her fingers through her hair. “I am so sorry.”
“I wouldn’t worry about it, Talia. It’s not the first time Emerson has knocked out some guy in a bar, although, it was the first time he did it defending a woman,” Shane laughed suggestively.
“Well, now what?” Brianne asked with a disappointed look on her face. “I don’t want to go home yet, it’s still early.”
“I know a place we can go,” Shane said, looking at Emerson for his approval. Shane hailed down a cab and gave the cabby the address after they were settled inside.

They pulled up to a restaurant bar called Emerson’s. Talia had never been there before; she held Brianne’s hand as they followed the two men inside. It was a nice, classy place. The bar was packed with people in business suits. The sign said, “wait to be seated” but Emerson just walked on through the bar and they followed him upstairs to a room that had VIP on the door. The room was not huge, and it was dark inside. There were couches and tables, a DJ and a small bar in the corner. There was only one other party in the room, and they sat at a table in the back minding their own business. Talia and Brianne sat down at the table with Shane as Emerson went to the bar to get them all drinks.
“Where are we?” Talia asked, uncomfortably.
“Emerson’s family owns this place,” Shane said, smiling like it was supposed to impress her, but Talia just rolled her eyes.
So what, he is rich, so am I. The last thing I need in my life is some rich guy that thinks he needs to fight people off to protect me. Oh god he must think I am…
Emerson handed Brianne and Shane a drink, but he didn’t have one for himself or for Talia. He held out his hand to her and looked deep into her eyes. “Come with me.”
He was so demanding, but she couldn’t resist giving in and going with him. Talia was nervous; she knew she had to explain her past to him or he was just going to think she was a slut. Many people thought that about her, and that was fine, but she felt the need to tell him the truth. It was important to her he know the truth and not the rumors others believe. Talia’s heart was pounding, she wished she was someone else in that moment; anyone else would do.
Talia looked at Brianne sadly, and she followed Emerson to a set of sliding glass doors onto a patio. Talia walked past him to grab onto the railing and stare out at the city lights. The air was fresh and felt nice on her skin. Talia took a deep breath when she felt him standing behind her.
“When I was thirteen, my mom was murdered, and then I found out my dad was married to another woman and she was the one that planned my mother’s death. I was my father’s dirty little secret. After everything settled down, I moved in with my father because I had nowhere else to go. I rebelled against him. I hung out with the wrong crowd, partied a lot; I did anything to make my dad look bad. When I was sixteen, I got into a fight with a girl in class because she called me a slut. I was friends with all the guys so automatically I was a slut. People believe what they want to. It didn’t matter that I had never even kissed a boy, I was deemed a slut my entire life.
“Anyway, I had to stay after class with Mr. Laski. He was very nice to me. We talked about my mom’s death and how I behaved in school. I told him all my secrets. I cried, and he held me in his arms. It was the first time anyone held me since my mom had died and I felt safe for a moment and then he kissed me. I was scared and shocked, but I didn’t stop him. I let him kiss me. Before I could process what was happening, another teacher walked into the classroom to see me in his arms and tears running down my face as he was kissing me. Mr. Laski lost his job and my dad pulled me out of school and put me in a private school. But I was known as the girl that seduced my teacher.
“When I got to university, things got better, but then I ran into Jeff. He remembered me from high school, and we became friends with benefits. I guess that’s what you could call it. We hung out, fooled around, and went to parties, and that was the extent of our relationship. I never slept with him. It used to bother me what people thought about me, but it doesn’t anymore. I know who I am, and I know the things that I have done, and that’s all that really matters. But I wanted you to know that I don’t have a thing for teachers.” Talia breathed out a harsh breath. He touched her arms and she could feel his fiery breath on her stiff neck. A shiver went down her spine.
“Now it makes sense why you were so worried about being seen with me because I am your teacher,” he shook his head sympathetically. “I can’t believe your mother was murdered, how do you get over something like that?”
“You don’t,” she breathed in hard, trying to keep her emotions in check. “Life can be hard; I just try to make the best of each day.”
“Everyone has a past, Talia; you don’t have to defend yourself to me. Now let’s forget about frat boys and skinny blondes. And why don’t we go back to talking about poetry. You never told me who your favorite poet is?”
“E. E. Cummings,” Talia whispered. She turned to look into his blue eyes as he wrapped his arms around her waist.

“I carry your heart with me I carry it in
my heart, I am never without it anywhere
I go you go, my dear; and whatever is done
by only me is your doing, my darling
I fear no fate for you are my fate, my sweet”
Emerson recited his favorite poem by E. E. Cummings to her, and as the words came out of his mouth, tears fell down Talia’s face. In that moment, she knew who he was.

Oh my god, it’s him, that’s why I feel pulled to him. That’s why he seemed so familiar. Oh my god, ten years of people telling me I was crazy. But I am not crazy, and it wasn’t an angel, it was him. Oh my god, why is this happening? I can’t believe it’s really him. Oh my god, I can’t stop crying.
“Talia, are you okay?” Emerson asked, touching her face and gently wiping her tears away.
With tears falling down her face, she replied, “That is my favorite poem.”
“So, why are you crying?”
“Because it’s you, it’s really you, you’re my Angel. You recited that poem to me before when we both thought I was going to die,” Talia pulled away from him, she was shaking, and he looked as shocked as she was. “I can’t believe it’s you.”
“Oh, my goodness, you’re the little girl from the accident,” Emerson gasped in shock. He knew from the moment she walked into his classroom she was familiar to him. They had a connection and now made sense.
“Yes, I am sorry. This is too much for one night.” Talia gasped. “I have to go.”
Talia pushed away from him and she ran into the club to find Brianne making out with Shane.
“Talia, what’s wrong?” Brianne asked as she saw Talia’s tear-filled eyes. “Did he hurt you?”
“No, I just have to go. Shane, will you make sure Brianne gets home safe?”
“Yes, of course.”
“No, I am coming with you,” Brianne said, getting up, and she held Talia’s hand. “Sorry Shane, I will call you later.”
Emerson walked over to them. “Talia, please wait, talk to me.”
“Brianne, I have to go now,” Talia said, pulling Brianne out of the VIP room and out of the bar.

They got into a cab, and Talia looked lost. She was breathing so heavily she looked like she had seen a ghost.
“Talia, you are freaking me out. What did he do to you? I haven’t seen you cry this much in years.”
“It’s him,” Talia gasped and looked into Brianne’s worried eyes. “Emerson is my Angel. I finally found him.”
“Oh my god, really, it’s him?” Brianne was shocked.
“Yes, he is real. I am not crazy. Emerson Rose is my Angel. He’s the guy who saved my life,” Talia shook her head and looked at her friend who was smiling with a confused look on her face.
“So, if you found him, then what the hell are you doing running away from him?” Brianne asked as she put her arm around her best friend.

Chapter 3


Emerson was stumbling down the road from a college fight club party; it was the middle of the winter and he was drunk and covered in blood. He was feeling pretty good about the fight he had just won. When a car came speeding past him, swerving all over the road, he watched as the car went into the ditch and flipped a few times before it stopped. It sobered him in an instant. Emerson’s heart was racing as he ran to the car, screaming.
He slid down the hill of the ditch; the car was upside down and he could hear crying and screaming. “Mommy, Mommy, are you ok?”
He picked up his cell phone and called 911.
Emerson went to the passenger’s side door of the car and he tapped on the window and he saw a young dark-haired girl. 
“I am going to get you out, okay?” He tried to open the door, but it didn’t work. “I can’t get in; can you roll down the window?” he asked the girl.
“I can try.” The young girl was crying as she slowly tried to open the window. Then she screamed in pain. “I can’t — everything hurts too much,” she cried. She opened the window just enough for him to get his arms in, and he rolled it down the rest of the way. He got in and looked at the girl. She was covered in blood. Then he looked over at her mother.
“I think my mom is dead?” she cried. Emerson reached over to the woman in the driver’s seat and he felt her neck for a pulse, but there wasn’t one. Emerson noticed liquid dripping inside the car and all he could smell was gas. He looked at the girl and he touched her face. “I am going to get you out of here.” He undid her seat belt and pulled her out of the car. She cried and screamed out in pain. He pulled her up the hill and held her in his arms. They could hear the sirens in the distance. “Help is on its way.” He said looking into her big tear-filled eyes and touched her beautiful face. Just then they heard a crack. He turned to see the car was up in flames. She screamed for her mother; she held on to the beautiful stranger and cried.
He touched her face, and she looked up into his eyes.
“Am I going to die?” The look in his eyes told her he didn’t know, and tears fell down his face as he held her in his arms. “I don’t want to die,” she cried and her body shook, and she screamed out in pain again. She reached for her stomach and she screamed some more when she found a piece of glass poking out of her skin.
Emerson touched her face again and looked deep into her eyes. “Look at me, you’re going to live. You’re going to be alright. I will not leave until the ambulance comes.”
Talia’s breathing became shallow, her skin went white and lips went blue. “Are you an angel?” she asked in a faint whisper as tears slid down her face. “I wonder what heaven will be like.”
“Hey, you will not die,” he cried, holding her tighter in his arms.
“I am going to die, but it’s okay. Thanks to you, I won’t be alone,” she said through her tears and pain as she touched his face and shut her eyes. “Will you sing to me, when I am sad my mom always sings to me.”
“I can’t sing, but I know a poem,” Emerson muttered through chattering teeth; it was minus twenty and he was sitting in a snowbank, trying to distract the girl.

“I carry your heart with me I carry it in
my heart, I am never without it anywhere
I go you go, my dear; and whatever is done
by only me is your doing, my darling
I fear no fate for you are my fate, my sweet I want
no world for beautiful you are my world.” 
“That is so beautiful Angel, I will never forget you if I live or die,” Talia whispered and shut her eyes.

Emerson looked at Talia’s empty seat in his last class, and he felt very sad. He couldn’t believe she was the girl he saved that night so many years ago. He believed it was fate that they found each other, just like he believed it was fate they met that night. But he was confused that she took off, and she didn’t show up to his last two classes. She had returned none of his calls. He sat down at his desk as he dismissed the class, and he picked up Talia’s last paper she handed into him. The paper was on what inspired her love for poetry. When reading her paper, he was filled with feelings he had never had before. He was her inspiration all along, because he recited the E. E. Cummings poem to her the night he saved her life.
 He read the passion of her paper and all the things she felt for her mystery Angel. He wanted to see her; he needed to talk to her, but after he read her last paper, he understood why she didn’t want to see him. She would be so embarrassed to see him after she shared her deepest feelings for him on paper without knowing she was doing so.
Emerson packed his stuff up and left his class. He had a phone call to make.

Talia walked into her beautiful decorated modern house after her jog. She walked into her contempary huge kitchen to find Brianne, her roommate, in the kitchen sitting at the island talking to Shelia, Talia’s father’s newest wife. She was only two years older than Talia. Even though it was weird at first, Talia actually really liked Shelia, and mostly they got along well. Probably because they were friends before she married her dad. She was such a simple person, and she didn’t have a mean bone in her body.
Talia opened the fridge and pulled out a bottle of water to gulp down.
“How was your run?” Shelia asked, smiling.
“Fine,” Talia raised her eyebrows as she looked at her stepmother. “What’s up, Shelia?”
“Oh nothing, just came over to catch up on girl stuff,” Shelia muttered. She glanced at Brianne and the pair burst into a laugh.
“What is so funny?” Talia asked, rolling her eyes.
“Someone sent you roses,” Brianne said, and pointed to the counter to where a bouquet of yellow roses was sitting in a vase.
Talia rolled her eyes, but plucked out the card and read:

Talia
I need to see you again. I understand why you didn’t.
show up to class but please don’t push me away.
I want to know you. I think it was fate I was there that night and.
I think it was fate that brought us together again.
Please call me.
519-999-1111
Emerson Rose
 
Talia took a deep breath. She looked at Brianne and then at Shelia, who was still giggling.
“Shelia, what is so funny? So, I got roses,” Talia was annoyed that Emerson wouldn’t give up, and she was annoyed that Jeff had been phoning her all week apologizing. She was also annoyed with her father for giving her a hard time about not working for him now that she was done with school.
She didn’t want to work for her father. She wanted to do things on her own without his help. So, she took an internship at an advertising company in Kitchener called Light the Rose. She had been fighting with her father over it for weeks; he didn’t understand why she wouldn’t work for him, where she would be given a prominent position with a great salary.
Talia wanted to start out at the bottom and work her way up; she felt like she never really had to work hard for anything. Everything was always handed to her, and frankly, she really hated how easy things were sometimes. That’s why she was constantly giving money to charities. She felt like she should because she could.
“Sorry, Talia but you got a lot of flowers sent to you,” Shelia said giggling and she pointed into the dining room where four more bouquets were sitting on the table.
Now, Talia couldn’t help but laugh. “Are they all from him?” she asked. She looked to Brianne for help, who shrugged her shoulders.
“Who’s him?” Shelia asked, very excited.
“No one that’s of any importance,” Talia huffed as she walked over to the dining room to look at all her flowers.
“Yeah, right, he is not important,” Brianne sighed and crossed her arms. She settled on a barstool and gave Talia a pointed look.
Talia pointed at Shelia. “I don’t really want to talk about him right now,” she huffed.
“Oh, come on, you girls are like my only friends. I promise I won’t tell your father anything.” She smiled and crossed her heart with her fingers like a child.
Shelia was pretty, but not super intelligent; the dumb blonde syndrome was what she had and would admit it. But she was a sweetheart and loved everyone; young, beautiful and she landed herself a handsome, rich, older husband who she adored as much as he loved her.
Talia inspected the notes on the flowers, finding they were from different men. She took a deep breath and walked into the kitchen, where she pulled an enormous bottle of wine out of her fridge. Unceremoniously, she poured herself a drink and chugged it back. Then she looked up at Shelia and Brianne and laughed.
“What is so funny?”
“I got flowers from three different men,” Talia chugged another glass of wine. “Jeff is an idiot, he doesn’t even like me, he always treats me like crap–granted, I let him. I don’t know why he sent me flowers. He never treated me nice when we dated. I don’t even know why I ever liked him.”
“Who else sent you flowers?” Brianne asked.
“Jeff, Emerson, and Trevor,” Talia moaned as she leaned into the counter and put her hands on her face.
“You’re the only girl in the world that gets sent flowers from three different men and moans about it like it’s a bad thing,” Shelia laughed.
“Ok well, like I said, Jeff is an idiot and Emerson, I don’t know what to do about him yet and then there is Trevor and that will never happen. I hate Dad for pushing that guy on me. I know he thinks that Trevor Hayes is the perfect man, but that’s only because he likes him so damn much. Trevor is like the son Dad wishes I was,” Talia said and poured another glass of wine.
“Do either of you want some?” she asked, holding up the bottle and smiling. Both ladies shook their head. “Good, more for me.”
“Yeah, well, you better slow down. You have a date with Trevor tonight,” Shelia reminded her. Talia let her head fall onto the countertop and she moaned again.
“It’s not really a date when Dad makes me go to all the charity events with Trevor as my chaperone. I think he hopes that I will magically fall in love with him at one of these events so he can marry me off,” Talia muttered through the hair that covered her face. Eventually, she stood up and fixed her hair.
“What’s wrong with Trevor? He is good-looking, has a pretty house, drives a nice car, he likes you and he is friends with your father,” Shelia smiled.
“I know I sound like a snob that thinks she is too good for everyone but, Trevor is not the guy for me. All he ever does is talk about himself and when we are at these events and I try to talk, he shuts me up. It’s so annoying and it’s rude. He only wants me because I am Harrison Montgomery’s daughter and I look pretty on his arm. I don’t want to be someone’s trophy wife and that’s what Trevor wants: a beautiful trophy wife to shut up and look pretty and that isn’t me,” Talia huffed as she put her hands on her hips.
“No, that’s me,” Shelia admitted, shrugging her shoulders. 
“Oh, I am sorry Shelia I meant nothing bad by that,” Talia huffed out in frustration. She loved Shelia and didn’t want to hurt her feeling but they were definitely different women.
“I am not offended I love my life as a trophy wife,” she giggled. 
“Oh Talia, how I love you so,” Brianne said with a laugh.
“Why won’t you talk to Emerson, he keeps phoning me?” Now, Brianne was a little annoyed.
“Who is Emerson?” Shelia asked excitedly.
“He is her Guardian Angel.”
“Bree shut up, she is married to my dad,” Talia snapped.
“No, I swear I won’t say a thing to him. So, this Emerson guy is the man who saved you when you were in the car accident? The same guy you have been fantasizing about for the last ten years? And you won’t talk to him?”
“It’s complicated,” Talia huffed.
“Explain it to us.”
“Okay, Emerson is a writer. I found his books online he writes under the pen name E.R. Lang and I fell in love with his work. I found out he was teaching a class at the college, so I took his class. In the course we had to hand in poems, short stories and papers on our inspirations. For the last three months, I have been handing in poems and papers about my angel who is my teacher. I poured my heart out like an idiot, expressing my love for a man I didn’t even know, and it was him all along. How can I face him now?”
“What, Emerson is your teacher, and you failed to mention this to me? I thought he worked with Shane?” Brianne stood up with a shocked and hurt expression on her face.
“Oh, shit Brianne, I am sorry,” Talia said apologetically. “He asked me not to tell you he teaches; he doesn’t want Shane to know. I don’t know, it’s something to do with his family. He keeps that part of his life a secret,” Talia shrugged her shoulders.
“I think you should at least talk to him; you have been dreaming about this man since you were thirteen and he is gorgeous,” Brianne said, smiling.
“Okay, fine, I will think about it. But now I have to go for a shower and then we have to get ready for this fundraiser,” Talia rolled her eyes. “At least you’re coming with me right, Bree?”
Brianne bit her lip and shook her head. “I have a date with Shane, so I am not going with you,” Brianne whispered, looking down at the floor.
“You’re bailing on me to have fun with your boyfriend and I have to suffer the entire night alone with Trevor and my dad,” Talia groaned.
“You won’t be all alone, Shelia will be there too,” Brianne said and smiled her I love you please forgive me smile.

Chapter 4


Trevor knocked on the door at seven o’clock sharp. Talia answered it, wearing a gold lace fitted dress that went just above her knees. She had her long chocolate-brown hair half up in loose curls and it cascaded down her back.
“Hello Trevor, let me grab my coat and I am ready to go,” Talia said with a smile.
“You look phenomenal this evening,” Trevor replied.
He walked into the entry and helped her with her coat. He was wearing a black suit with a white shirt and green tie. He was just shy of six feet and was good looking in that rich, cocky guy way. He had golden hair that was perfectly pushed back and every strand stayed in place. He had a thick jaw line with a dimple in his chin; he was physically fit but not muscular, and he was quite the ladies’ man.
“Thank you, Trevor you look handsome as well,” Talia said, trying to be as polite as possible.
“Shall we go over to my dad’s so we can all ride together?” Talia asked.
“Yes,” he said, holding out his arm for her to hold. They walked out of her house and walked next door to her father’s amazing five-story mansion. Even though Talia only lived next door to her father, it took them ten minutes to walk up to his doorstep. Ten minutes where Trevor talked about himself the whole time in an attempt to impress her. But Talia really was a simple girl who was brought into a world of money and fancy things, and she didn’t really care about that stuff. She got used to dealing with men like Trevor, and she had no interest in men like him. All men like him care about are themselves. Talia had never really had a boyfriend that she ever really connected with; she felt like all the guys she went on dates with never even liked her. Sure, they thought she was hot, but she felt like no one ever cared enough to find out who she really was. If Trevor really wanted to impress her, he should have just asked how she was doing instead of boring her with his stupid stories about how he was improving his golf swing.

Talia opened the door to her dad’s house just as Shelia was walking down the stairs in a stunning pink gown that showed off her perfect fake breasts. Around her neck was a beautiful diamond necklace that sparkled in the light of the crystal chandelier in the front foyer. Talia watched the way Trevor looked at her stepmother’s breasts, and she shook her head in disgust.
“Harrison? Talia and Trevor are here. Are you ready, darling?” Shelia called to her husband.
“I’ll be right down,” Harrison called back.
“Tally, Tally,” Kami came running up to her big sister. Talia bent down as her three-year-old sister ran into her arms. Kami was gorgeous; she had long, blonde wavy hair like her mother, but her expressive green eyes from their father.
“How are you, honey?” Talia asked, kissing her sister on the cheek.
“I am good. Do you like my dress?” Kami asked, pulling away from Talia so she could show off her frilly blue dress. “I got all pretty for the party, but daddy says I can’t go,” Kami pouted.
“Well, I wish I got to stay home and hang out with you, but daddy says I have to go to the party,” Talia frowned too and they both laughed.
Harrison made his way down the winding staircase and kissed his wife. He picked up Kami and held her in his arms as he pecked Talia on the cheek.
Harrison was a very good-looking man; he was in his late fifties and still had a nice thick head of almost-black hair. He had dark green eyes, a thick jawline, and a very defined nose. At six foot four, he had a thick, muscular physique. When he walked into a room, he demanded attention and respect–and he got it.
“My two girls. Can’t make either of you happy,” Harrison said with a laugh.
“Yes, you can let Kami go to the party as Trevor’s date and I’ll stay here and watch movies with the nanny,” Talia laughed as she kissed her father on the cheek.
Harrison looked at Kami and then at Trevor. “What do you think, Kami? Do you want to be his date?” Trevor shot Kami a charming smiled, and she giggled.
“Yes, he is cute. I’ll be his date,” she said, and they all laughed.
“Well, it’s nice to know one of your daughters finds me worthy,” Trevor muttered, clearing his throat as his eyes glared into Talia’s and she smiled her sexiest smile, teasing him the best she could.
“Well, pumpkin, we have to go, you run along and get ready for bed,” Harrison said, putting Kami down and she waved goodbye as she ran to see her nanny.

They all got into the car. Talia sat beside her father, while Trevor talked about himself and Shelia giggled at his stories.
“Talia, are you still taking that internship?” Harrison asked, giving her a serious expression that matched his no-nonsense tone.
“Yes, Dad, we talked about this. Please don’t ruin this for me. I just want to be Talia Thorn, just an intern, not Harrison Montgomery’s daughter,” she looked up at her dad with hopeful eyes.
“I would never do a thing to make you unhappy,” he said as he put his arm around her and pulling her in for a hug.
Talia laughed and looked up at him. “Dad, come on, you don’t care if I am happy; you only care that I do what you want me to.”
“That is not true; I want you to be happy. I just wish that what I wanted for you would make you happy,” he replied.
As much as Talia wanted to hate her father for all the bad things he did in his life, she couldn’t. She blamed him for pretty much every bad thing that ever happened to her, but she still couldn’t hate him. She loved him. Sometimes she thought she might love him more than she loved herself, and she always let him win in the end. Somehow, he always got what he wanted.
“Okay, Dad, what is it you want for me? What would make you happy, if I worked for you and married Trevor?” Talia crossed her arms.
“Well, I like Trevor I think he is a good man and I know he likes you. But despite what you may think of me, I would never make you marry someone you didn’t love, and I know you don’t like him that way. So, I guess I want you to work for me, but I hope you find a suitable man one day. I would like to know someone will take care of you when I am gone.”
“Oh, Dad, I don’t need a man to take care of me. I am a big girl. I enjoy standing on my own two feet. Okay, I have an offer for you that will be good for both of us. If you don’t interfere with my internship and you let me do my thing, then after one year I will come and work for you,” Talia smiled looking up at her father.
“Okay, I will try very hard not to interfere,” Harrison said slowly, as if it pained him.
“Try.” Talia huffed under her breath and shook her head, but she knew that was the best she was going to get. “So, what is this event we are going to tonight, anyway?”
“Oh, you’ll like this one; it’s an art show, all the profits from each painting will go to sick kids,” Harrison smiled.
“Oh, good. I love charities that help children and I also love art. I could use another painting in my living room.”
“You pick one that you like, and I will buy it for you, I believe your birthday is coming up soon. I can’t believe my little girl is going to be twenty-four,” Harrison hugged her and kissed her cheek.
“I know, right? I am almost as old as Shelia,” Talia joked, and her father pinched her arm and gave her a dirty look. “Oh, come on, I was just joking,” she rolled her eyes and laughed.

Talia walked into the fancy party, holding on to Trevor’s arm as they flowed in the wake of her father and Shelia. The room was full of people chatting about business and what not; Talia cared little, she just wanted to look at the artwork. Trevor introduced her to a few people, but Talia let him do all the talking as she knew he preferred it that way. As she was sipping on a glass of wine, two dark blue eyes caught her attention from across the room and she felt her knees get weak and her stomach ache at the sight of him. Emerson Rose was by far the sexiest man in the room, and she wasn’t the only woman staring at him. Although, she was the only one he was staring at. Why were their worlds suddenly colliding, she had never seen him at one of these events before. He looked sexier than she had ever seen him before. She didn’t know if it was because she knew who he was now or because he looked so damn sexy in a suit and tie. Talia noticed the woman on his arm was Clara, the blonde bitch from the bar, and it made her want to laugh. Clara was his Trevor. He walked past and Clara shot her an evil stare. Talia took a deep breath; she knew she had to face him; she couldn’t ignore him now that he was there. And now that she had seen him, she didn’t want to ignore him anymore.
Talia excused herself from Trevor, and she made her way to Shelia.
“Shelia, will you come look at the art with me?” she asked.
They walked through the gallery, away from her father and Trevor.
“What’s up, since when do you need me to do anything with you?” Shelia asked, confused.
“Emerson is here.” Talia stopped and looked at Shelia helplessly. “What do I do?”
“Is he tall, with dark hair, blue eyes and is extremely handsome?” Shelia asked, smiling.
“Yes, why?” Talia asked, biting her lip.
“Well, I think you should talk to him because he is standing right behind you,” Shelia said with an awkward smile.
Talia turned and looked up at him. She tried to give him an angry look, but a smile appeared on her face instead.
“Hi,” she muttered in a squeak and she cleared her throat.
“It’s nice to see you, Talia,” Emerson said, and she felt butterflies in her stomach. “Can we talk?”
Talia turned to Shelia. “Can you keep Dad and Trevor occupied?” Talia asked pleadingly.
“I am on it,” Shelia winked. She was a hopeless romantic, and she loved Talia; of course, she would help her out.
Talia turned to Emerson. He took her hand, led her down a hallway and up a set of stairs to another room full of artwork. It was quiet as there weren’t many people on the second floor.
Talia became very aware he was holding her hand. They walked over to a corner where no one could see them, and he looked deep into her eyes.
“How are you?” he asked with concern. Talia shut her eyes as if it caused her pain that he cared.
“I am fine,” she whispered, taking a deep breath and opening her eyes again. “Thank you for the roses. They are beautiful.”
“I am glad you got them. Did you get my messages and my emails because I didn’t get any of yours.” His voice was low, and his dark eyes were locked on hers. “I have been dying since you took off that night; I read your last paper like ten times and I read every poem you handed into me repeatedly. I gave you an, A plus in my class. Everything you ever handed in was perfect, and that was before I knew I was your muse.” He ran his fingers up and down her bare arms. “Why did you run off?”
“I was scared and embarrassed,” Talia muttered, putting her head down. He gently lifted her head up so she could look into his eyes.
“Don’t be, everything you wrote was so beautiful, never in my life did I think someone could feel that way about me. Talia, I like you, I want to know you,” he insisted. She looked at his perfect lips as he said all the things she wanted to hear, but she held back.
“Emerson, I am dangerous, I am just trouble, remember? We couldn’t make it one night together and I got you in a fight,” Talia replied. “I think it would be better if we just stayed away from each other.” She shut her eyes and her voice cracked. She didn’t even understand why she was saying what she was saying. She wanted him, but the fear of her heart getting broken was stronger. It took over.
“No, you’re not dangerous or trouble that’s just what you want people to think. You like to keep people from getting to close to you because you scared of getting hurt. Punching that guy out was worth it to spend five more minutes with you. We can’t stay away from each other. You ended up in my class, I run into you everywhere. We ended up on a date together; we ended up here at the same time. Why can’t you see this is fate? For whatever reason we met again after all this time we were so close but now we meet, and I think we should see where this goes.” He pulled her in close and wrapped his arms around her body; she tingled with excitement and fear. Talia put her hand on his chest and looked into his eyes.
“Please Emerson, I have to get back to my date and I think you need to find yours, too,” Talia said, blinking hard to trying not to cry.
“So that’s it, this is over before it even starts?” he asked. Emerson cupped her face with his hands and looked deep into her eyes. 
“It has to be.” It took everything she had to get the words out. 
“So this is goodbye?” he asked sadly, and she could hear the pain in his voice.
“Can we just be friends?” Talia asked as she blinked and swallowed hard as his hands were still on her face. She knew it wasn’t possible for them to be just friends.–once he started touching her, she didn’t want him to stop. He ended the kiss with a soft peck on her lips and he leaned over her with his hands on the wall beside her head.
Talia looked deep into his eyes, panting. She was so hot she was trembling.
“What the hell was that?” She gasped for air.
“The end or the beginning, whatever you want it to be, but I can guarantee you can’t stay away from me,” Emerson whispered into her ear. 

Talia walked back to the party, and she noticed her father watching her from across the room. Talia wondered if her father had noticed the tension and the looks between her and Emerson all night–left wanting because there was someone else in their arms.
Talia used the washroom and as she walked out of the stall Clara was standing in front of her, looking ready for a fight. Talia ignored her, and she went around Clara to the sink to wash her hands.
“You need to stay away from Emerson. He belongs with me,” she said with a glare, hands on her hips. Talia watched her through the mirror.
“Hi Clara, I think we got off to a poor start. I am not trying to take him away from you.” Talia said as she shook her head, feeling sorry for this insecure woman. 
“Just stay away from him,” Clara hissed again.
That was enough. Talia turned around and looked at her. “Instead of worrying about me, maybe you should stop being such a bitch. Maybe he would like you and leave me alone. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to get back to my date.” Talia dried her hands and left the washroom.
She walked past Emerson on her way to where Trevor was, murmuring to him on her way by, “Tell your girlfriend to stay the hell away from me or there is going to be a scene.”

Talia walked over to Trevor and made a show of wrapping her arms around him and kissing his cheek.
“What was that for?” Trevor asked, with a shocked smirk, as if he couldn’t quite believe Talia’s change in mood.
“I am sorry, did it bother you?” Talia asked with an innocent smile. She knew Emerson was watching, and she wanted to make him jealous.
“No, I like it but don’t lead me on if you don’t plan on following through,” Trevor snapped quietly, seeming to regain his senses.
“I am not leading you on, Trevor, we both know I am not what you want,” Talia said back. After a moment, she smiled and strolled away from him, not giving him a chance to respond. She had a painting to buy.

Chapter 5


Talia dreamed about Emerson Rose that night. Talia knew he was right, that they were drawn to each other in some cosmic way. But she was determined to stay away from him from now on; she didn’t know what it was, but she felt like she would lose herself if she let him into her heart. As amazing as that kiss was, she could feel her heart breaking already. She really didn’t really know him, but there was something that made her not trust him, she had to stay away. Emerson’s secret writing life that his family didn’t know about bothered her. If a man can lie to his family about who he really is, then she wanted nothing to do with him. She had enough lies and heartbreak in her life because of what her father did, and she wouldn’t go through it again.
Talia was woken up in the middle of the night by Brianne’s passionate screams. Well, I guess Brianne brought Shane home for the night. If they are going to be so loud, I wish they’d stay at his place.

Talia walked into her father’s house, and Kami ran up to give her a big hug.
“Did you come for breakfast?” Kami asked. “Annie is making pancakes.”
“Oh yes, I love pancakes,” Talia smiled and walked into the kitchen to find her father sitting at the table reading the paper and eating a piece of bacon. Annie, Kami’s nanny, was busy minding the pancakes on the stove.
“Dad, you’re not ready to go?” Talia prompted.
Dressed in her workout clothes on and her hair pinned up in a ponytail, Talia was hoping her father would take the hint when he looked up from his paper.
“Oh, honey, let’s eat and then we can go for a run,” Harrison insisted.
Talia complied; she had a pancake with fresh berries and by the time she was done eating, her dad was dressed and ready to go. Every Sunday morning since Talia bought her own house, her father and she got together to go for a run; it was the one thing they always did together.
“I noticed a car parked in your driveway this morning. Whose car is it?” Harrison asked as they started their run.
“It’s Shane’s car. He’s Brianne’s new boyfriend.”
“I thought you told Brianne no random men could spend the night when she moved in?”
“Shane isn’t random, Brianne is doing really well. She is in an actual relationship and I am okay with Shane staying at the house. I have met him, and he is very respectful, and I think he really likes her,” Talia said as she picked up speed and so did her father trying to keep up with her. “Getting slow in your old age there, pops?” Talia teased.
“Hey, I can keep up,” Harrison huffed. “So, did you have fun at the party last night?” He asked. Talia glanced at him out of the corner of her eye. She could tell he was studying her, reading her expression and body language. Her father was a smart man and had a knack for reading people. It was why he was so successful in his various enterprises.
“I guess it was fine. Just another fundraiser,” Talia said nonchalantly, shrugging her shoulders.
“Do you know a man named Emerson Rose?” Harrison asked and immediately had to slow down as Talia did, her thoughts drifting away. The sound of his name tickled her ears, and she feared she would think of him all day, now.
“He was at the party last night,” Talia stuttered and then looked at her father. “Why, who is he?”
“No one, honey, I just want you to stay away from him,” Harrison said.
Talia normally hated it when her father made ultimatums, but this time she was fine with what he wanted.
“No problem, I don’t plan on seeing him again.” Talia shook her head and took a deep breath.
“So you start your internship tomorrow. Are you excited?” Harrison asked, changing the subject.
“Yes, I am very excited; I am finally going to be working and gaining actual life experience. No more school, thank god.” Talia picked up speed. “Come on, you’re so slow today,” she taunted with a laugh.

After the run, Harrison snuck away to deal with some business, which is what he normally did. Talia left him to it, of course, but she couldn’t help the uneasy feeling in her stomach. Her father was up to something, she just didn’t know what, yet.

Talia walked into the Light the Rose building and she found her way to the orientation room. She mingled with the other interns, some of which she knew from school.
She fit right in, which thrilled her. She wore a grey pencil skirt and black turtleneck with a matching grey jacket. Most of the other girls were wearing similar outfits, maybe not as fashionable as hers, but still she felt she fit in with them. They all took a seat when a redheaded woman in a blue suit walked into the room. She stood at the front of the class and cleared her throat.
“Good morning, interns. Welcome. I am Linda Kinetin and I will show you the ropes today. I will take you on a tour of the Light the Rose. We share this building with Linking-Fire, but is a company separate from Light the Rose.”
It was an interesting morning for Talia. She enjoyed learning about the company she was going to be working for. Talia was impressed with how nice the building was; it wasn’t as fancy as her father’s places, but she was happy being there on her own terms.
Talia was walking out of the building for her lunch break when a hand touched her shoulder. She looked around to see Maggie Riley, a friend she knew from school, standing there with a big smile on her face.
“Oh, my goodness, Talia, hi!”
“Hey Maggie, how are you? Are you doing an internship at Light the Rose, too?” Talia asked as she gave her friend a hug.
“No, I am doing mine with Linking-Fire. Well, this is nice! We can meet for lunch some days,” Maggie said with a smile.
“Yes, like right now. I was just going to get a sub and a coffee. Would you like to come?” Talia asked while pointing up the street to the sub place.
“Yes, I would love to,” Maggie agreed. They made their way up the street to the sub place.
After their hour lunch break was up, Talia said goodbye to her friend and returned to the orientation. Talia found her way back to the orientation room and took her seat.
Talia settled into listening to the expectations, making notes while Linda spoke.

There was a knock at the door and an older man in his early sixties walked into the room. He had grey hair, blue eyes and was tall with a thick physique.
Linda smiled at him. “Hello, sir, to what do we owe this honor?” Linda asked.
“Hello and welcome to my company, new interns. I hope you are all enjoying your first day here and I hope you all have a wonderful work experience. But I am here because I am looking for a Talia Montgomery,” he said. Talia lifted her head in surprise.
Talia’s heart skipped a beat, and she jumped up. Her stomach knotted with anxiety and anger. Surely, this was her father’s doing. He couldn’t keep his promise, not even to his daughter. Talia sucked back her tears.
“I am here,” Talia said.
“Can you come with me, please, and bring all your things. You won’t be returning today.”
Talia grabbed her bag, listening to everyone whisper about her as she left the room.
When Talia got into the hall, the man shook her hand. “Hello Talia, it’s nice to meet you. I am John, the president of this company.”
“Nice to meet you, too,” Talia said with a smile. “Is this about my dad? Did he do something? Because I was just fine being with all the other interns, I don’t need any special treatment.” They made their way to the elevators, and Talia watched John press a button for the 21st floor.
“Well, I am happy that, but I am moving you, and yes, by the request of your father. I am making you the assistant to our marketing and creative director. Trust me, it’s a much better position than being an intern; you’ll get paid better and you’ll be close enough that I can make sure no one gives you a hard time.” John smiled at her.
Talia took a deep breath and resisted rolling her eyes. She didn’t want special treatment! That’s why she didn’t want to work for her father in the first place, and that was why she didn’t go by his last name. Talia didn’t want to be a Montgomery; she enjoyed being Talia Thorn. No one immediately knew who her associations were that way. When elevator came to a stop, Talia followed John down the hall to a large corner office. He knocked on the door, but it seemed to be just a formality, as he ignored waiting outside in favor of just coming in. Talia blinked three times, gasping when she saw who was sitting at the desk.
“Emerson, this is your new assistant Talia Montgomery and Talia, this is my son and your new boss, Emerson Rose.”
Emerson was just as shocked to see her as she was to see him. John smiled as he looked between them. “Well, I will let the two of you to get better acquainted,” John said with a smirk. “It was nice meeting you, young lady. I am sure I will see you around,” he leaned in close and whispered in her ear just loud enough so Emerson could hear. “If my son gives you a hard time, you come to me and I’ll fix him.” He laughed, and Talia smiled good-naturedly. With that, John said farewell and left the room.

Talia turned around to face Emerson. He must have gotten to his feet while Talia was saying goodbye to John. Emerson’s office was simple. It consisted of blue walls and grey carpet, with one wall was entirely windows overlooking the city of Kitchener. There were two black chairs around a coffee table on one side of the room and on the other side a desk and a couple of bookshelves were placed along the wall. Talia glanced at the books, but the poetry books were the ones she picked out right away, interspersed amongst the rest of the collection.
Talia was overwhelmed to see him again so soon after their goodbye kiss, and she didn’t know what to do. Even though she was mad as hell with her father, she couldn’t help but laugh at the situation she was in now, all because her father couldn’t stay out of her life.
“Hi,” Talia said.
“Hi.” Emerson laughed too. They both stood there awkwardly for a few moments. “Well, this is interesting, now isn’t it?”
“You could say that again,” she agreed. “So, you weren’t expecting me?”
“No, I was not.” His face changed from light to dark and serious. “I knew you couldn’t stay away from me, but I wasn’t expecting you to end up as my assistant,” he said with a groan. “Wait a moment, you’re Harrison Montgomery’s daughter?” His face flushed.
“Yes,” Talia admitted nervously.
“What the hell,” he snapped. “Why didn’t you tell me that before?”
“Why the hell does it matter who my father is? Oh, what? Now that you know who I am, you’re not interested, is that it?” Talia looked him in the eyes as she snapped at him. Her face was just as red and confused as his was.
“No, Talia; I want you, but I can’t,” he tried to explain.
The words made her shake; she had never had a man tell her he wanted her before. Most guys she dated just wanted something from her, but not actually her. How did he say everything that she wanted to hear?
“That’s right, you can’t have me. But not because I am Talia Montgomery, but because I am not an object that someone can own,” Talia hissed at him.
“I am sorry, you are right I didn’t mean it like that I don’t want to own you, but I would like to… Oh it doesn’t matter,” he huffed and waved his arms in the air. “You’re off-limits to me and every other guy in this office,” Emerson said, pointing around him. “How come you go by, Thorn? I wish I had known who you were.”
“Thorn was my mother’s maiden name, and I don’t want to be a Montgomery. I like it better when people don’t know who my family is. I’m sure you can relate,” Talia said with a shrug and gave him an uncomfortable smile. “Did you say I was off-limits?”
“Yep.”
“What the hell did my dad do now?”
“I don’t know. You’ll have to take it up with him, but I have a meeting in fifteen minutes across town and you’re coming with me,” he said while shuffling through paperwork on his desk. He found the papers he needed and placed them into a workbag. Then he refocused on her. “Don’t look at me like that. You are my assistant now, and I need you with me. I expect you to take notes during the meeting. When the meeting is over, we can go over what your job is and my expectations of you as my assistant.”

Talia spent the next two hours sitting in on a meeting with a local manufacturing company that needed some marketing help. She took notes. She couldn’t help but be intrigued by the way Emerson was at work. He was a completely different man than the one she knew from class. In class, he was creative and happy. Passion radiated from him when he recited poetry. He was carefree and super sexy in the way he always wore casual clothes to class. But, as she sat there watching him in the meeting, she realized she’d never know that about him if she didn’t know him beforehand. He seemed older, very unhappy, demanding and very sure of himself. He was snappy and overbearing, and maybe a bit of a control freak. Talia was happy to see this side of him; it was easier to not be attracted to him. If he acted like that every day, she could resist him, she was sure of it.
After the meeting, Talia was quiet on the drive back to Light the Rose. She kept her attention on the world passing beyond the window.
“You seem unhappy. Is that my fault?” Emerson asked. Talia shook her head, but didn’t look at him. “Will you tell me what you’re thinking?”
Talia affixed a serious expression on her face when she finally looked at him.
“You are my boss now, Emerson. What I am thinking is not important,” she shook her head again and looked back out the window.
“Talia, come on, it’s me, what you’re thinking is important to me. Tell me what’s going on in that pretty little head of yours?” he asked in such a sweet voice.
“I don’t know you at all,” she muttered, face flushed.

When the car came to a stop, she got out and walked into the building without looking at him. She spent the rest of the day learning what her job entailed and what she was expected to be responsible for. Talia had her own desk outside of Emerson’s office. She went through the computer, learning the software, and she spent a bulk of the afternoon answering phone calls for Emerson. None of his calls seemed to be work related, but she took down the messages and gave them to him. It was good practice, at any rate. When the workday was done, she left without saying goodbye to him.

Chapter 6


Talia didn’t go home when she was done with work. She was too angry. She called her father’s cell, but he didn’t answer, which only stoked her fury. So, she called his personal assistant on her Bluetooth as she was driving through the city when her father didn’t answer his office phone, either.
“Hello Talia, what can I do for you today?”
“Scott, where is my dad right now?”
“He is at the hotel. He had a meeting there at five. Do you want me to get him to call you when he is back?” Scott asked, his tone a bit concerned.
“No, it’s fine. I am going to him,” Talia snapped as she ended the call.

Talia walked through the front doors of her father’s hotel and she was greeted by the manager. She walked past him down the hall to the meeting room where she knew her father would be. She pushed open the doors, seething, ready to throw a punch. She found, instead, that she had interrupted a moment where her father was in the arms of a woman. He abruptly pushed her away and had the audacity to meet Talia’s gaze.
Talia screamed, rushing up to slap him across the face.
“You are a fucking asshole,” she exclaimed as tears rolled down her face.
“Is this your wife?” asked the young redheaded girl who looked as shocked as Harrison was to see Talia there. Talia noted she was wearing a pink suit. 
“No, I am his daughter,” she snapped. “But just be warned, the last mistress he had ended up pregnant and then she was murdered.” Talia turned to leave, but just as she was walking away, she looked back at her father. “Dad, I can’t believe you would do this to Shelia and Kami. I hate you so much right now. It’s one thing you keep trying to ruin my life, but Kami’s too. Dad, she is only three. She deserves better from you than this shit. She deserves better than what I got.”
“Talia, stop and wait one moment,” Harrison demanded, and she turned to stare him down, hoping the fury in her eyes showed.
Harrison looked at the redheaded girl with anger and disgust on his face. “Ms. Lemon, you are fired.”
“What? You can’t fire me. I’ll have you charged with sexual harassment,” she snapped and pulled away from him.
Harrison adjusted his tie, and his angry expression softened a bit. He pointed at the celling to where a camera was. “Well, that camera will prove that you came on to me. Now, pack up your stuff and get out of my hotel before you cause even more problems for me and my family.”
The girl cried as she grabbed her bag and headed towards the door. But, before she did, she stopped in front of Talia and glared at her.
“You bitch, if you hadn’t showed up,” she spat in Talia’s face.
Talia wiped her face clean of the woman’s saliva and snapped her arm back to punch her square in the face. The woman went down holding her nose. Talia noted there was a satisfying amount of blood. Then, the situation caught back up to her, and she felt her tears return. Without looking back at her father, she turned and fled from the hotel.
“Talia, Talia!” a familiar voice called her name. She kept her head down and two arms wrapped around her. “Please, tell me you are alright?”
Talia looked up to see Emerson’s bright blue eyes full of concern. “Why can’t I get away from you?” she cried into his chest. Despite herself, she was already feeling a little calmer being held in his arms. “Are you stalking me?”
He touched her face and looked into her eyes. “Sweetheart, you came into my class, you came into my office and now you are on my street,” he said with a soft smile and pointed to a high-rise building nearby. “I live right over there. I saw you crying on the street and I had to stop to make sure you were okay.”
Why does he have to be so damn perfect?
Talia disentangled from him, putting a few feet between them as she wiped her face clean from her tears. She glanced back to the hotel entrance and could see her father was coming outside.
“I have to get out of here, my dad is coming. I don’t want to deal with him,” Talia said.
Emerson grabbed her hand and led her toward his building. She used Emerson’s body to block her from her father’s view, hoping he couldn’t see her before they made it inside.
Talia’s car was still sitting in front of the hotel, though, so she could only imagine he’d figured that she wouldn’t go too far. She just hoped she could avoid an altercation if her father waited around for her to return.
Talia looked through the windows of the lobby in Emerson’s building.
“My dad is just sitting on my car waiting for me,” Talia said, looking up at Emerson.
“So, what are you going to do now? Go face your father or come upstairs with me?” Emerson asked in a dark, sexy voice and she couldn’t resist. She didn’t want to deal with her father. She was too upset and a part of her wanted to see what Emerson’s condo looked like. Her father’s warning for her to stay away from Emerson repeated in her mind, but at that moment she didn’t care. Emerson reached out his hand for her and she took it. They got onto the elevator that took them to the top floor.
Talia was shaking with nervous excitement; she knew she shouldn’t be there, but a part of her liked the feeling of disobeying her father baking the rules. Plus, she didn’t know who she was going to get when she walked into his apartment. Was he going to be Emerson the business manager she met earlier that day, or was he going to be Emerson the sweet, sensitive poet that she had been in love with since she was thirteen?

When they entered the condo, Talia was presently surprised. She was expecting cold and modern, but his place was warm and very inviting. With rich colors of reds and browns, the open concept was sectioned off by the placement of traditional, and some contemporary, furniture. There was a grand piano on the far end of the living room, and beside that was an entire wall of bookshelves with books of poetry, most of which she had never heard of. He had an entire shelf dedicated to William Shakespeare, and another shelf dedicated to Dante Alighieri, and still another to Kahlil Gibran. All were writers she was a big fan of. Talia walked around the apartment, idly looking at his artwork on the walls and his collection of books. He offered her a glass of wine.
“You look like you could use this,” he mumbled. She couldn’t object. Talia took the glass in one hand and he took her other hand to lead her to the couch where they sat down.
“It’s funny how you tell me I am off-limits and then I end up in your apartment,” Talia said, breaking the silence between them. She gave him a playful glare and took a sip of her wine.
“Like I told you before. It’s fate, Talia. You keep trying to stay away from me, but fate keeps bringing us together.” He smiled. “Are you hungry? I was thinking about making chicken penne for us for dinner — that is, if you like pasta?”
“You’re going to cook dinner for me?” Talia asked and she couldn’t help but smile at him.
He touched her hand and led her to the kitchen island so she could sit on a barstool to watch while he cooked. “I am going to cook and you’re going to tell me what has you so upset,” he breathed. Talia thought he was so sexy, with that deep voice and the way he’d touch her hand or face. He made her usual composure go out the window, turning her into a rollercoaster of emotions.
Talia’s phone went off, and she jumped. Emerson moved away to cook while Talia dealt with her phone. Her father repeatedly called her from his cell and then from his office line.
Emerson looked at her sadly, and she shook her head. “I am not answering my phone. I don’t want to talk to him.”
“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do,” Emerson said over the sound of sizzling chicken. His words were very comforting in more ways than one. “So, are you mad at your father for interfering with your work?”
“Yes, he is always interfering in my life,” Talia huffed she took another sip of wine. She looked down at her feet and that’s when she realized she had blood splatter on her jimmy shoes and all up her nylons.
“Oh my god, that stupid bitch got her blood all over me,” she cried in alarm. Emerson turned around to stare at her.
Talia took off her shoes and pulled down her nylons and ripped them off without taking off her skirt. And she did it right in front of him, while he reeled in shock. She threw her nylons in the garbage and glowered, her anger rekindling, only to be interrupted in her fuming by Emerson’s laughter.
“What?” she snapped.
“That was just the sexiest thing I have ever witnessed,” he said and continued preparing dinner.
Talia felt a smile form on her lips and she settled back down on the bar stool. She liked him.
Talia’s phone went off again, and this time the caller ID said Brianne. She looked up at Emerson and gave him an apologetic smile.
“It’s Brianne, I have to get this,” Talia said, and she got off the stool to walk into the living room to answer.
“Hey Bree,” Talia said.
“Talia- wait, don’t hang up,” her father’s voice said.
 “Dad, what are you doing?”
“Where are you?” he asked.
“It’s none of your business where I am,” Talia snapped back.
“Why are you being so difficult?” her father asked, almost screaming at her.
“Because I am almost twenty-four years old, I own my own house, I don’t need you. I am an adult and I don’t have to tell you where I am or what I do.”
“We need to talk about what happened,” he said. She could hear the frustration in his voice.
“Really? Did you tell Shelia what happened today?”
There was a long pause on the other end. “Talia, why did you come to see me today? You have never interrupted a meeting before. Is something wrong?”
“It doesn’t matter why I came to see you. Answer my question: did you tell Shelia?”
“I want you to tell me where you are right now?” he snapped.
“Stop it, Dad. Stop changing the subject,” Talia hissed.
But her father didn’t speak up. He just breathed heavily into the phone. “Okay, fine, you don’t want to answer my questions, so I guess I’ll answer yours. You want me to tell you where I am. I am with a man; a really sexy man and I am drinking wine and I am not coming home tonight.”
“Who are you with? Tell me right now,” he demanded then.
“I just want to hate you,” Talia screamed at him.
“You can hate me all you want to, but you’re going to hate yourself more in the morning. Don't be a slut because you are mad at me,” Harrison snapped.
“You didn’t just call me a slut, seriously? You have no clue. If you think that about me, you don’t know me at all,” Talia screamed at him again. “Go tell your wife what happened today and pray she doesn’t take you to the cleaners.”
“Talia, I am sorry, nothing happened. You're blowing this way out of proportion.”
“Oh, really, and you expect me to believe that if I hadn’t come in, you would have stopped it,” Talia laughed under her breath.
“You’re being ridiculous. Get your ass home now,” he screamed at her.
“No, you don’t get to be mad at me. You’re the reason that I am so fucked up. It's because of you and mom. And I wouldn’t even be here right now if it wasn’t for you.”
“I can’t change the past and I am sorry I have hurt you so much, but we need to move on, you need to forgive me.”
“How can I forgive you when I can’t even forgive myself?” she cried.
“Sweetheart, I loved your mother and I love you very much,” his voice had softened a bit.
“Don’t tell me you love me or that you loved my mother. She was your dirty little secret. Dad, you don’t really know how to love any of us. That’s why you hurt me so much, you don’t get it.”
“Talia, if you don’t come home then I will call my friends at the police station and they will find you.”
“Stop please, I don’t care. Call the cops. I am an adult if I want to stay out all night, I can. You can’t control me,” Talia let it end at that, throwing the phone across the room. She collapsed in a fit of tears.

A pair of powerful arms wrapped around her and, before she knew it, she was being cradled against Emerson’s chest. He carried her to the couch and held her in his arms as she cried. She felt so safe, like not even her father could reach her there. After a few moments of breathing in his dark, delicious scent, Talia’s anxiety disappeared. She sat up straight on his lap, looked into his eyes and touched his face. She took a deep breath, and before she could talk herself out of it, pressed her lips to his in an intense kiss. She put both her hands on his face as she plunged her tongue into his mouth. He fed into the kiss, swirling his tongue around hers, causing her to moan into his mouth. She ran her fingers through his silky, black hair and she moved over top of him, straddling him beneath her. He grabbed her hips forcefully, and he ran his hands up her body, caressing her breasts. Talia kissed his neck, and he moaned in her ear.
“I want you so bad,” he murmured, but he grabbed her hips with his hands and pulled her off him. “But not like this, not to get back at your dad.” Talia said nothing she just sat on the couch looking down at her legs, utterly embarrassed.
“I am sorry,” Talia murmured, and she wiped the tears from her eyes. At that point, she didn’t know if she was crying because of her father or because he rejected her. “I don’t normally act like this. It’s just been a rough day.”
He reached over and rubbed her back. “Come, dinner is ready,” he whispered in her ear.
She looked up into his blue eyes and held his gaze for a moment. “Maybe it would be better if I just left,” she sniffled as she tucked a stray piece of hair behind her ear.
“No, you’re staying, I want you here,” he said. He stood up and led her by the hand to the kitchen table where she took a seat. He went to the kitchen, made their plates and set them down on the table. He went back to the kitchen and came back with a bottle of wine and two glasses. Talia waited while he poured them another drink and took his seat before eating.
“This is very good, thank you for dinner,” Talia said as she licked her fork clean.
“I am happy you are here, Talia,” he murmured as he took a sip of his wine. Just then, there was a knock at the door. Emerson echoed Talia’s look of disbelief.
Could it be my dad? Has he tracked me down? The asshole probably has a tracking device on my phone that I don’t know about.
Emerson got up from the table and he answered the door. Talia couldn’t see who was there as Emerson’s body was blocking her view. But she could hear a woman’s voice. She relaxed. Not her dad, at least.
“What do you want, Clara? I have company.” Emerson asked with a hint of frustration in his voice.
“You have company? Who?” Clara asked, her voice sharp and demanding.
“It’s really none of your business, Clara, who I bring into my home.”
“It’s a woman, isn’t it? I thought you didn’t bring women here,” Clara snapped back. “It’s her, isn’t it? What is it with the two of you?” Clara pushed him out of the doorway and walked inside, where Talia greeted her with a mocking wave from her spot at the table.
“Hey Clara, I was wondering when you were going to show up. It’s so nice to see you again,” Talia said with a smile. She had such a great day; dealing with Clara at that point was no big deal.
“Why are you here? I thought you were going to stay away from him?”
“Well, I keep trying, but it’s not working.” Talia smiled and shrugged her shoulders. “So, I am giving up. I think you’re going to have to get used to me being around.”
Clara looked from Talia to Emerson, appearing baffled.
“No, he doesn’t date. This makes no sense,” she snapped. Then her face lit up with the happiest evil smile. “He hasn’t slept with you, yet. That’s why you’re still around. As soon as he bangs you, he will kick you to the curb like a piece of trash. I am the only girl he keeps around.”
“Clara, that’s enough. Why do you have to be such a bitch? This is my friend you need to stop, being rude.” Emerson grabbed her by the hand and pulled her to the door. “You and I will never happen. We are just friends. You need to accept that and move on with your life.”
Talia waved goodbye as Emerson closed the door on Clara. Emerson came back to take his seat.
“She doesn’t intimidate you at all, does she?” he smiled as he sucked his fork clean.
“No, not really, I would actually feel sorry for her,” Talia said as she took a sip of her wine.

Chapter 7


They finished dinner and cleaned up the kitchen together.
“So, I am dying to know who’s the bitch that got her blood on you and how did it happened?” Emerson asked with a snicker.
Talia frowned and shook her head. He followed her back to the couch where they settled. 
“I went to the hotel to give my dad shit for meddling in my work life when he promised not to. When I walked into the office, I saw some woman with her hands all over him. My dad is married and has a three-year-old little girl; my heart broke for Shelia and Kami. Anyway, I don’t really know what happened, but he fired the women on the spot and I punched her in the nose after she threatened my dad and spat in my face. I think I might have broken her nose,” Talia shook her head, and he looked at her, surprised. “What? You punched some guy in the face to protect me, and I did the same thing for my family. I already lost my mom. I am not losing my sister because my dad can’t keep his dick in his pants.”
“Hey, calm down, I am not judging you. I am actually impressed.” He shifted away from her and grinned.
“Sorry, I have some issues with monogamy thanks to my parents. I am a little fucked up. My mom was my dad’s mistress, and she got pregnant with me. For thirteen years, we lived in Cambridge and saw my dad two nights a week; he worked away, as my mom would tell me. I never knew my dad had another life. I just thought dads weren’t always around. Somehow, his wife found out about my mom and me, she wanted us dead. The night you saved me from the car crash that wasn’t an accident, the brake and fuel lines were cut. Anyway, my dad’s wife went to jail, and I went to go live with my grandfather, my mom’s dad, because I wanted nothing to do with my dad. My grandfather was a professional gambler who was drunk all the time, but I loved him. He had a heart attack and died before my fourteenth birthday, so I had no choice but to go live with my dad. The hardest part about being around my dad is that I just love him so damn much,” Talia exclaimed with a sob. “He fucks everything up; he never listens to what I want and yet when I am with him he makes me smile. He has this way about him: he can make you do whatever he wants you to. I used to try really hard to piss him off–drinking, getting in fights, dating older boys–but in the end I always ended up hurting myself more. When I see that look of disappointment on his face, my heart breaks, so that’s why I can’t see him right now because he will apologize, and I will forgive him just like that and I don’t want to. I want him to hurt and be scared. I want him to know what it feels like to have no control,” Talia said sadly.
“Well, that’s some story,” Emerson said; he didn’t know what else to say.
“Yeah, my family’s not boring. That’s for sure.” She laughed and rolled her eyes. “How about you? What’s your story? Any crazy ex-wives or anything?”
“No, I have never been married and I don’t have any kids. Like you, my mom died when I was young, and my dad remarried a woman who had a daughter and then they had a daughter together. After my mom died, I was never the same, I got in a lot of trouble as a teenager. I was stumbling around, trying to find my way. I think my love and passion for writing and poetry is really what saved me from myself. When I was a kid, my mom would read me famous poems, and I became so interested in poetry. After she passed away, reading her poems made me feel close to her. My dad and I get along ok now that I am an adult; it took us a long time to get to where we are today, but just like things are for you, it has to be his way.”
“It sounds like I am not the only one with daddy issues,” she quipped.
“Would you like another glass of wine?” he asked as he stood up. She nodded.
“I shouldn’t drive home if I drink much more.”
“So don’t go home,” he said, walking into the living room with their glasses and another full bottle of wine. He caught her gaze and smiled.
“If I stay the night with you, isn’t that breaking the off-limits rule?” Talia asked as he handed her a glass.
“You can’t tell me you have never broken a rule before,” Emerson purred as he took a sip of his wine and licked his lips.
“No, I break rules all the time,” Talia said with a smile. “Rules I am not worried about. My heart is something I am fond of.”
“I will not break your heart, Talia.” His voice was low and raspy.
“I will not sleep with you, Professor,” she giggled.
“I just don’t want you to leave,” he whispered.
“This is going to be interesting.” She laughed and drank down her wine.
“What is?”
“Us.”
“Is there going to be an ‘us’?” He smiled excitedly.
“I mean professionally, how is this ever going to work?” She huffed and poured herself another glass of wine. “I mean, one minute you’re this easy-going, sweet poet and then you’re this protective man punching guys out for me, and the next minute you’re this uptight business manager telling me you have expectations. I like this guy right now. But the guy in that meeting today, that guy, is just way too much like my father. Either way this plays out, it’s going to end badly.” She shook her head sadly.
“Why is this going to end badly?” he asked as he leaned in close to her.
“There is too much heat between us, too much tension. How can we be professional? I mean, look at us. It’s my first day on the job and I am now at your place drinking wine and talking about staying the night.”
“Let’s not worry about those things. Let’s just work together we are friends, okay?” he suggested and took a sip of wine.
“I guess we are friends. I can’t seem to stay away from you, so I guess I will just spend every day working with you. Will we have more time tomorrow to go over what my job is? I want to be an excellent assistant.”
“Yes, I will teach you everything you will need to know.”
“I just don’t see how we can work together,” she sighed and fell back on the couch dramatically.
“We got through today just fine,” he muttered. “Don’t worry so much I think we will make a great team.”

“Work isn’t what I am worried about. I mean all I want to do is kiss you and that’s not professional your my boss and that is inappropriate,” Talia sat up start stunned that she said, that out loud.
Emerson sat up straight, moved close to her and looked into her eyes with a sexy smile on his face. He touched her face with his hands leaned in close and gently pressed his lips to her waiting for her to protest that it wasn’t right. But she didn’t stop him, and she pressed her lips to his. He possessed her mouth with his and she moaned as his tongue swirled around hers. Talia kissed him with just as much passion. She ran her hands through his hair. She ended the kiss with a soft peck on his lips.
“If I am going to be working for you, then we have to stop whatever this is,” she said sadly.
“I know, he sighed. “After tonight we will be professional.”
“Deal.”

Talia got a severe case of the giggles as they polished off the bottle of wine. Emerson read her a Midsummers Night Dream by William Shakespeare as she passed out on his couch. He picked her up and carried her to the second level of his condo, where he laid her down on his bed and covered her with the blanket. He gently traced her jawline with his fingertips and bent down to kiss her forehead.
“I think I just heard my heart crack,” Talia whispered, watching him start away. “Where are you going?”
“To sleep on the couch,” Emerson whispered as if she was still sleeping.
“This is your bed, I will not kick you out of it,” Talia said. She smiled when he looked confused. “We’re just going to sleep, Emerson.”
He took off his shirt, revealing his amazing body and then sleep became the last thing on either of their minds. The lights were out, but she still got a nice glimpse of his thick chest, large biceps and incredible abs. He looked down at her checking him out and he smiled.
“Well, now that you are awake, do you want a t-shirt to sleep in?”
“Yes, please,” she sat up and he threw her a t-shirt and he walked into the bathroom and closed the door.
Talia took off her skirt and turtleneck. She looked behind her to make sure the bathroom door was still closed and she took off her bra.
Emerson opened the bathroom door just as Talia was slipping his t-shirt over her head. He got a pleasant view of her perfect hourglass shape and her very voluptuous ass.
He turned down the blankets as they got into bed. They laid there looking at each other until they fell asleep.

Talia’s body was tingling, and she moaned as she was slowly waking up. She heard whispering, but she was so relaxed she didn’t want to wake up. Then she realized she was not in bed alone and her body was wrapped around his. Talia opened her eyes and looked up at the sexy dark blue eyes staring at her and his arms were around her body and her legs were wrapped around his.
“Hi,” she said, covering her mouth just in case her breath smelt bad.
“Hi,” he replied, looking down at her with a very relaxed expression on his face. “You looked so beautiful, I mean, peacefully asleep I didn’t want to wake you.”
She smiled and pulled away from him. “I am sorry if I mauled you; I usually sleep cuddling a pillow,” Talia muttered looking away from him she was a little embarrassed. “I am not used to sleeping with someone.”
“Neither am I,” he admitted. “I don’t normally sleep well with someone else. But it was really nice to have you in my bed,” he muttered as he got up.
“Really?” She looked at him, surprised.
“No. I mean, I have had girlfriends, but I never spent the night with anyone. I usually just leave after sex, and I don’t invite people to my home.” He disappeared, only to walk back in with a fresh suit to catch her picking up her dirty clothes.
“I better go home and shower and change before work. I hope my boss doesn’t fire me if I am late,” she said in a soft voice as she grinned at him.
“Actually, I called Brianne. She is bringing clothes here for you,” Emerson said as he smiled back.
“If you want to shower up here, I’ll shower in the downstairs bathroom. There is a clean robe hanging on the door. I am sure by the time you are done Brianne will be here with your clothes.”
“You called Brianne? Oh, she is going to kill me. She probably had to deal with my father all night.” Talia said with a sigh and shook her head.

Talia walked down the stairs wrapped in a fuzzy black house coat that was way too big for her. She found the most gorgeous man standing in the kitchen in a grey business suit with a black shirt and a white and grey stripped tie. He looked so sexy his shaggy black hair was still wet from his shower. There was a knock at the door and he let Brianne in. She handed him Talia’s clothes. She hid behind the wall so they couldn’t see her. She didn’t want to deal with her best friend’s third degree.
“Good morning, Brianne. Thank you for bringing Talia clothes,” he said in his cheerful voice.
“Where is she?” Brianne asked waspishly.
“She is still in the shower. Is something wrong?” Emerson’s tone became concerned.
“Yes, something is wrong. I don’t know what you are doing with her, but Talia doesn’t have one-night stands, so you better not break my best friend’s heart. She acts tough, but she has enough problems dealing with her dad she doesn’t need you toying with her,” Brianne snapped at him.
“Brianne, I care about Talia and I will not hurt her. She is special,” he said. Talia could hear the sincerity dripping off his tone.
“Okay, well, I am glad we have that cleared up. Now, is she okay? I know how she gets when her and her dad fight.”
“She was pretty upset last night, but we talked, and I think she is okay now.”
“Okay, well, I have to go to class but tell her we seriously need to talk,” Brianne said. Her tone had mellowed out to end on a friendly note.
“I will let her know. Thanks again, Brianne,” he said, shutting the door.

Emerson looked up at Talia with a big smile on his face as he pointed to her clothes that were sitting on the kitchen counter. She grabbed them and went to the bathroom to get dressed.
Talia walked into the kitchen wearing a black business pantsuit with a red blouse, her hair tied back in a ponytail as it was still wet and she didn’t have the time or product necessary to do her hair the way she liked to.
“Ready to go, beautiful?” he asked her, and she smiled.

Talia spent the day going through Emerson’s schedule and setting up meetings. By the end of the day, she had all his stuff synced up to her iPad so she would always be on top of things. Plus, she could get things done from home if she needed to. The day went by fast, as there was so much for her to learn. She daydreamed about Emerson on her lunch break. But that was when she remembered the piece of paper she had to sign, one where the company rules included no personal relationships in the workplace or she could lose her job. She knew that other than at work, she couldn’t be friends with him. There were too many feelings and it would never work out. That was sad, but she wasn’t about to ruin her first job over a man.

Chapter 8


Talia walked out of the building just after five. As she was walking down the steps to go to the parking lot, a black car pulled up beside her and a man opened the door and told her to get in. Talia paused long enough to register that she saw her father, and by that point she knew she had no choice but to face him. The man shut the door after she climbed in. Talia crossed her arms after she situated her seatbelt and pointedly looked at the front of the car, ignoring her father.
“Talia, look at me.” Harrison’s voice was hoarse, and he looked like crap. It broke her heart. “I have been worried sick about you, I didn’t sleep a wink last night, I kept waiting for you to come home but you didn’t. Talia, you are right, you are an adult and you can do whatever you want to. I love you so much and I know I am stubborn, and bullheaded and I never listen to what you want. But it’s not because I don’t care. It's because I think I know better. I know you are mad at me about yesterday and I know that a lot of your personal issues are because of the relationship your mother and I had. I am sorry I fucked up your life so badly. I keep trying to make it up to you, but I feel as if I am losing you altogether. Now, I want to take you for dinner. I feel we need some private time, just the two of us. But I need to show you something first. I needed you to know I am not the man I used to be. I promise I will never hurt my family again.” He opened up his laptop that he was holding on his lap and he handed it to her. He pressed play.
She watched multiple videos of women throwing themselves at her father, and each time he turned them down. Tears roll down her face. She didn’t trust her dad; she didn’t trust any man because of the mistakes he had made in the past. She felt bad for him and she also found herself disturbed that so many women would throw themselves at a man like that, especially their boss and then she remembered she spent the night in her boss’ bed. Even though nothing happened, it still made her feel a little dirty.
“I am sorry I didn’t believe you. I am sorry I took off, but sometimes I just need some space. You crowded me. You never let me just fall and learn from my mistakes. I love you, but you drive me crazy.” She sighed and took a deep breath. Her father wrapped an arm around her and gave her a hug.
“I love you too, kiddo,” he said as he kissed her forehead.

When Talia got home from dinner with her father, her car was in her driveway. She assumed Scott, her dad’s assistant, did those things for him. She walked into her house to find Brianne pacing the living room.
“There you are, I have been freaking out. Don’t you answer your phone, anymore?”
“I am sorry, my dad showed up at my work and took me out for dinner,” she said as she walked into the living room and gave Brianne a hug. “He made me shut off my phone. Are you okay? What’s going on?”
“Me? What’s going on with you? I feel like I know nothing, I am so out of the loop.” Brianne huffed sadly.
“Okay, I will fill you in on everything and then you can tell me all the juicy details about you and Shane,” she said with a smile. “But first let me put on some comfy clothes.”
Talia and Brianne spent the evening sharing what was going on with them.
They had been friends since elementary school. Brianne was the only one that knew all Talia’s secrets. Talia kind of adopted Brianne; her mother died when they were still in high school and her father went to jail for possession. Brianne and Talia have had each other’s backs for as long as either of them could remember. Talia was always getting in fights defending Brianne, or she was pulling her out of some guy’s bed at two in the morning. No matter what, they were always there for each other.
“Wow, I can’t believe everything that has happened in such a short time,” Brianne said with a laugh.
“Your dad is kind of idiot, he told you to stay away from Emerson, and then his meddling brought you right back into Emerson’s arms. So, now what?”
“Now that I am his assistant, we can’t date for one, neither of our parents would allow it, and it’s also company policy that employees can’t date. So, now it’s over. Whatever it was, can’t be,” She frowned and hung her head. “It’s probably for the best.”
“Yeah right, there is no way this thing between you two is nearly over; it hasn’t even begun. Who cares about work, you are rich, you don’t even need to work. I say have a little fun,” Brianne said with a little laugh.
“You were all worried that I had slept with him and now you are giving me the green-light, you are crazy,” Talia laughed.

Talia walked into her house, all sweaty after her Sunday run with her dad. She hopped in the shower and got ready for the day. She did some laundry and picked out her clothes for the workweek. It hadn’t taken Talia long to learn the ropes at Light the Rose. She was getting along great with everyone, and somehow she and Emerson had figured out how to keep things professional. They worked well together, but other than at work, they were staying away from each other. It was hard, but it was for the best — or at least that’s what she told herself.

As Talia was folding her last load of laundry, her phone went off and it was a text from Brianne.
"Hey what are you up to?"
"Just doing laundry, why - what’s up?”
"I am just studying at this cute little coffee shop
 ‘Bubbling Brew’
It’s across from the movie theater.
 I need a break from studying!
Do you want to get dinner and go to an early movie?"
"That sounds great.
I’ll get ready and meet you at the coffee shop.
I love that place!" :)

Talia walked into the coffee shop just before six. She looked great in her casual outfit of jeans and a tank top, leather jacket, and matching boots. She had her hair down, natural. She smiled and waved when she saw Brianne sitting at a table near the window. After getting herself a tea, she joined her friend.
“Hey,” Talia smiled and sat down and opened her tea to let it cool. “How is the studying going?”
“Horrible,” Brianne shook her head and huffed: “I don’t think my brain can intake any more information.”
“You got this,” Talia encouraged with a smile. “Do you want me to quiz you?”
“No, I need a break. I am so glad you are here. Where do you want to go for dinner?”
“I am good with anything,” Talia said as she took a sip of her tea and looked around the adorable little coffee shop. It was pretty busy. A young lady was setting up a microphone on stage. “What’s going on here tonight?”
“Must be live music,” Brianne said as she was cleaning up her books. “Do you want to stay and watch? We can just order soup and sandwiches and then walk across to the theater after we are done.”
“That sounds good to me,” she said as she was looking at the menu to see what the soup of the day was. A server came over, took their order and left.

“Omg, Talia, I am so sorry,” Brianne said as she was looking towards the door. “I swear I didn’t plan this, but Emerson just walked in.”
“Of course he did,” Talia laughed, shaking her head. Before she could even turn around to wave at him, he was taking the seat beside her. He looked so sexy, different from his normal work attire. His hair was naturally wild, and he was in casual clothes -jeans and a black t-shirt. He rocked that look well.
“Hello ladies,” he smiled, excited to see them. “Did you know I was going to be here tonight?”
“No, we didn’t know. Why are you here?” Brianne asked curiously.
“I am doing a poetry reading,” he said confidently.
“Of course you are, because there are only like forty coffee shops in the city! And somehow, we would both be here,” Talia laughed, trying not to look at him. She had learned that not looking at him helped her to stay professional, and not let her feelings get the better of her. “I can’t get away from you.”
“It must be fate,” he whispered in her ear.
“Pretty sure it’s a coincidence, Mr. Rose,” Talia hissed, rolling her eyes.
“Talia, we can go to the movies. It starts soon anyway,” Brianne reminded her.
“Oh, please don’t go. Stay for my show. I promise you will enjoy it,” he smiled and looked directly into Talia’s eyes. She couldn’t say no.
“We will stay for a bit,” she agreed, smiling uncontrollably.
This was going to be hard for her to keep her feelings in check. At work she had to be professional, and he was all business in the office. But it was his poetry attracted her to him.
“Great,” Emerson jumped up and left before she could change her mind.
“Are you ok?” Brianne asked, concerned.
“Not really,” Talia shook her head. “I have it bad. I have been trying so hard to keep my distance and be professional, but I really like him. I like the way I feel when I am around him. I have fun with him-even at work! We just get along so well.”
“I gave you an out,” Brianne said, shrugging her shoulders. “You wanted to stay.”
“I know, I can’t help myself,” she hissed, making a funny face. “I want to stay but I shouldn’t.”
The lights in the coffee shop dimmed, and a spotlight shined on to the stage where Emerson was sitting at a piano.
“Too late now,” Brianne whispered.
 Emerson put on an incredible performance. He sang and played piano. He recited poetry. He had the audience laughing and crying.

Talia couldn’t take her eyes off of him. She listened to every word he said, and then she let herself feel every emotion. It was like he was putting on a show just for her. Everyone was watching him, but it felt as though he was speaking directly to her. So many of his poems were about her, she knew it to be true. In that moment, she knew she was his muse; and that made her feel even more connected to him. 
“He’s incredible,” Brianne said with a sympathetic smile. “I don’t even like poetry and I am enjoying this.”
“I know he is,” Talia said. Her face lit up with desire as she watched him.

“I have a friend here tonight who inspires me. She is also a beautiful poet and I am hoping we can get her up here to recite one of her poems.” Emerson said, talking to everyone in the room. He looked at Talia with an encouraging smile on his face. “Talia, will you come up and share a poem with us?” The audience cheered her name.
Talia sat in shock. She shook her head in disbelief as she glared at him, and a gigantic smile came across her face. Talia wasn’t a shy person at all, but she tried to stay out of the spotlight.
She stood up and took a deep breath. She looked around the little coffee shop and became more confident because she realized she didn’t know any of the people there.
As she walked up on the little stage, she hissed under her breath, “I can’t believe you’re putting me on the spot like this!” She stole the microphone out of his hand.
“Hi, I am Talia,” she waved. “I wasn’t expecting to get up here so I am not prepared,” Talia smiled as she talked to the audience. “I might be terrible at this” she said, as she let out a nervous giggle. “Talia, you got this!” Emerson whispered in her ear as he touched her back. Chills went up her spine.
She took a deep breath and recited her poem.

“Don’t tell me, show me
Don’t tell me how you feel
Show me how you feel
Don’t just touch my skin
Let me feel your touch
Don’t tell me you want me
Show me you want me
Don’t just look at me
See me and let me see you
Don’t just let your lips touch mine
Kiss me with uncontrolled passion
Don’t just take what you want
Give me what we both want
Don’t think, just love me.”

Talia had way more fun on stage reciting her poem than she expected. It was exciting expressing herself out loud. She took over the stage where she had everyone’s attention, but she kept looking at him. Their undeniable heated chemistry made for an unforgettable performance. Emerson stole the microphone back and recited a poem; and then she did another one. It was like they were having a love poem battle and everyone was cheering them on.

After the show, Talia and Emerson sat down with Brianne, laughing.
“You guys! That was incredible,” Brianne said, smiling at both of them.
“That was so much fun,” Talia cheered with excitement. “I can’t believe you got me to do that,” she pushed Emerson playfully.
“It’s nice to see you getting out of your comfort zone,” He smiled, looking deep into her eyes. “I am glad you had fun.”
Brianne watched the two of them together. She was happy to see how much they respected and cared about each other. He encouraged her; he got her to try new things. Their connection was way deeper than physical attraction.
The three of them sat in the coffee shop talking and laughing until it closed.

Chapter 9


“Talia, can you come in to my office please,” Emerson called her on the intercom. She got up from her desk and walked into his office. He looked stressed. He hadn’t shaved in days, his hair was a mess, and he looked equal parts lost and confused.
“Yes, sir, can I help you with something?” she asked nervously. It bothered her to see him so distressed.
“Yes, I need your help. I have a meeting next week with your father. I need to nail this account, or my dad will kill me. Your father’s company would be our biggest account. Can you help me?”
“Yes, of course.” She put her hair up in a ponytail and she settled down to go over the account with him. She helped him revamp a few of his ideas, and since she knew her father better than anybody, she was positive everything would go smoothly at the meeting.
They worked late all week finalizing the presentation, making sure everything was perfect. Friday, around three, Emerson called Talia into his office.
“Hey, you have worked really hard this week and I am really grateful for your help. I think we have everything covered. I know it’s your birthday weekend, so why don’t you take off early.” He looked up at her over his computer monitor and smiled.
“Are you sure? I have only been here a few weeks. Should I be leaving early?” she asked to be professional, but she really wanted to take off.
“I am positive, you have stayed late all week. Go home and have fun with your friends,” he reassured her with a smile, shooing her out the door with the wave of a hand.
“Thank you, I’ll see you Monday,” she said, giving a little wave farewell.
She left his office and went to shut down her computer. When she looked up, Emerson was standing beside her desk.
“So, what are your plans for your birthday?” he asked.
“It will be a party weekend,” she giggled with excitement. “Five of my closest girlfriends are taking me out for dinner and drinks. Our guy friends from school are hosting a party for me at their frat house so we have to swing by there. Then we’re hitting up a club. On the Sunday my dad is hosting a birthday party at his house.”
“Well, for your birthday, dinner and drinks are on me,” he said, handing her a card for his family’s restaurant. “I will have a table reserved for six of you. Just give the server that card and enjoy your night.”
She wanted to hug him and kiss him but she couldn’t. “Thank you so much, Emerson, this is really nice of you,” she said. A part of her wanted to protest that it was too much, but another part felt happy.
“Will I see you there?” she asked as she looked from the card in her hand up to his face.
“Maybe,” he replied with a smirk.

Talia and her friends walked into Emerson’s Bar and Grill around seven. They were all dressed up in their best club attire. The good-looking dark skinned man, showed them to their table.
“Damn, that server is fine,” Mandy giggled she was a cute curly haired blond with brown eyes. “Talia, give him your number.”
Talia laughed at her friend. “You think he is fine, so I should date him. Why don’t you give him your number?”
“Fine, I will. I was just being nice since it’s your birthday,” she remarked with a smirk.
The server came over and took their drink orders. Mandy slipped him her number.
“So, your boss is paying for all of us to drink and eat?” Stacey asked, shocked.
“What the hell do you do at work,” Sarah laughed. “I wish my boss was that awesome.”
“Yes, Emerson is pretty amazing,” Talia batted her eyes and smiled.
“She is in love with him. Look, it’s all over her face,” Grace pointed at her blushing cheeks.
“Come on, Talia, are you sleeping with your boss?” Sarah asked, pushing Talia playfully.
“No, I am not,” she blushed more.
“But she would like to be,” all the girls said, and they laughed.
“So how hot is this man? Brianne, have you seen him?” Grace asked.
“Yeah, I have seen him, he is like movie star good looking,” Brianne said, looking over at Talia who was daydreaming.
“Well, he must be just as captivated by you to be hooking us up so nicely,” Mandy said, looking around the bar. “This is a fancy place, for a bunch of university students.”
“Speak for yourself, I am a working girl now,” Talia made a face and put her hand to her mouth with a laugh. “That didn’t come out right.”
The server came back with their drinks, and he took their dinner orders.
“Okay ladies, first shots of the night. I need pictures,” Grace said, pulling out her iPhone from her purse to take a picture. “Talia, I will take pictures all night and post them on Facebook so tomorrow when you don’t remember what you did, you will have the pictures to remind you.”
All the girls got close together and did their first shots for the camera. The girls drank and laughed and ate their food. Grace took pictures of everything they did.
“To the best birthday ever,” Brianne held up another shot, and they all downed it.
“To the prettiest birthday girl ever,” Emerson whispered in Talia’s ear and she smiled and turned and stood up. She wrapped her arms around him. “Happy birthday.” He hugged her for a long time, and she breathed in his scent. Then she turned around to her friends, who were gawking at him.
“Emerson, these are my girls and girls, this is my Emerson,” Talia hit herself in the head. “I think I am already drunk. I mean, this is my boss, Emerson Rose.”
Emerson smiled and waved at her friends as he leaned in close to Talia and whispered in her ear. His fiery breath made her quiver. “I would love to be yours.” He turned and faced her friends that were staring at him. “Are you ladies enjoying your evening so far?” He asked, smiling at each one of them.
They all cheered and thanked him for their dinner and drinks.
“Anything for Talia,” he said putting his arm around her and he stroked his fingers up and down her arms, sending a wave of heat to the forbidden parts of her body. “So, what’s next on the agenda, going to be breaking any hearts this evening, ladies?”
“Most definitely,” Mandy cheered. “Although Talia breaks hearts every time she walks into a club.”
Emerson looked over at Mandy, and he smiled. “I would have to agree.”
“I’m not the heartbreaker around here,” Talia shot Emerson a dirty look. “I may be a tease, but I am no heartbreaker.”
“Yes, that’s perfect; Talia the tease,” Stacey agreed with a laugh.
“Well, we better get going. We have a frat party to get to,” Grace’s annoyance was obvious as she finished her drink.
“Before we go Emerson, can I get a picture of you and Talia?” Grace asked, holding up her phone.
Talia looked up at Emerson, and then they both looked at Grace. “We can’t have pictures of us together; it’s a work thing,” Talia huffed and put her head down.
“Birthday kisses,” all the girls cheered.
“No really, we’re playing that game again?” Talia rolled her eyes and laughed out a breath.
“What game?” Emerson asked, looking around at all her friends.
“By the end of the night, Talia has to be kissed and kiss twenty-four people, and then she wins a mystery gift,” Brianne giggled. “This year gift is awesome, because I picked it out.”
“I am jealous, so by the end of the night you will have kissed twenty-four men?” Emerson asked, shifting his body in her direction as he glared at her.
“No, some will be women, too.” Mandy laughed. “It’s all just for fun.”
Emerson looked around the room to see if anyone was looking at them and then he quickly turned to Talia, putting both his hands on her face and he pressed his lips to hers. Talia gave into his kiss, she melted into him and her entire body shook with excitement. Her lips tingled as he rubbed his lips over hers before he slowly pulled away. He whispered in her ear, “I want to be your last kiss of the night too; I will find you.” They gazed into each other’s eyes while her friends laughed and cheered.

Chapter 10


Talia and her friends all got into the limo that her father gave them for the night. It was so they would all have a safe, fun ride from destination to destination. She sat there in the limo thinking about Emerson with a smile on her face. But an ache came over her body as she knew whatever they were doing, it was going to end badly. When playing with fire, someone always gets burned and she could already feel her feet getting uncomfortably hot.
“Talia, snap out of it,” Grace snapped her fingers in Talia’s face, and she broke free from her trance.
“Dreaming about your boss?” Mandy guessed with a laugh. Her friends joined in.
“Yes, how can I not? That man drives me crazy. He tells me I am off-limits but then kisses me every chance he gets,” Talia huffed and rolled her eyes.
Brianne stole Talia’s purse and pulled out her iPad, and she turned on the video camera. “It’s time for birthday video fantasy moments.”
Brianne videoed Talia as she looked into the camera and smiled. “My birthday fantasy is to be naked on my bed covered in rose petals with music playing and candles burning as Emerson Rose makes slow passionate love to me. I want him to recite poetry in my ear, I want his undivided attention and every time I think we’re done I want him to take me again and again. I don’t want to leave my bedroom for days,” Talia said, looking into the camera with such a serious expression on her face.
Talia looked up at all her friends as if they were all having the same fantasies as her. Talia pushed Mandy playfully, “He is mine to fantasize about. Find someone else.” All the girls laughed.

They arrived at the frat party where Talia suffered through playing beer-pong with a few of her guy friends. Out of all her girlfriends, she was the best at the game.
Grace posted pictures online of the events of the evening.
Talia winning at beer-pong, arm wrestling and losing, Talia getting kissed a lot. The girls dancing on tables, Talia kissing Brianne smack on the lips.
After a couple of hours at the party, they all made their way to the club. On the drive in the limo, Talia checked her phone and read her messages from Emerson.

Interesting night you are having. I liked the picture of you winning at beer-pong.
I am the beer-pong champion! Lol :)
Hated the picture of you being kissed by so many guys. :(
They were just pecks; I would rather kiss you.
Enjoyed the table dance. Wish I was there to see it.
I would dance just for you.
Love the picture of you kissing Brianne. Had no clue you were those kinds of friends. Lol, I forwarded that picture to Shane.
Best friends, lol!
Where are you now, no new posts in a while?
Just got to the club. Will I see you later?
I am already here don’t worry I will be number twenty-four.
You are number one and the best kiss I have ever had.
It will only get better, sweetheart.
Promise? lol
Oh yes.

Talia and her friends made their way into the club and hit up the dance floor, where Grace continued to snap pictures and post them online.
Every time a new picture was posted, Talia got a new text from Emerson.

I like the picture of you blowing the camera a kiss.
No, that was for you.
Soon enough.

Talia was on the dance floor with her friends when two arms wrapped around her waist. She thought it was Emerson but pushed away when she realized it was Jeff.
Talia moved away from him and continued to dance with her friends, but Jeff grabbed her again. Talia was drunk and her head was spinning. Suddenly, Jeff was gone, and she was in Emerson’s arms surrounded by his alluring scent and she smiled, looking up into his eyes.
“I really hate that guy.”
“I know, me too.”
Just then all of Talia's girlfriends grabbed her and kissed her while Grace snapped the pictures.
“Now she is at twenty-three and she is all yours,” Mandy whispered to Emerson.
He was eyeing Talia as she was laughing and giggling with her friends.
“I have to go to the bathroom, I will be right back,” she said, smiling at him. “Don’t leave.”

Brianne and Talia were walking out of the bathroom, laughing and stumbling together. A hand grabbed Talia’s and pulled her into his arms and pushed her up against a wall. She opened her eyes to meet Emerson’s stare, and he pressed his lips to hers, pushing his sweet tongue into her mouth and she met him kiss for kiss. He ran his hand over her ass and squeezed as she ran her fingers through his thick head of hair.
“Happy birthday, Talia,” he moaned into her mouth.
“Take me home with you?” she pleaded. Before she knew it, they were heading back to her friends to let them know she was leaving.
Brianne tried talking Talia in to staying, but she wouldn’t listen to her. Brianne grabbed Emerson by the arm, and she glared at him.
“She is way too drunk to be going home with you. She will hate herself in the morning and never forgive you or me for letting her go home with you,” Brianne pleaded with him.
“I promise to be a gentleman,” Emerson assured her.
“You don’t understand Talia doesn’t sleep around,” Brianne said worriedly. 
“I won’t do anything to hurt her,” he promised.

Talia walked into Emerson’s condo, laughing and stumbling, and he had a hold of her waist so she wouldn’t fall.
“Would you like a bottle of water?” he asked, setting her down on a barstool. She laughed and shook her head.
“So serious, Professor Rose,” Talia said as he handed her a bottle of water.
“Drink it all. I don’t want you to be sick,” he said, gently touching her face.
Talia chugged down the bottle of water and then excused herself to use the bathroom.
Talia looked at herself in the mirror as she was washing her hands, and she used some of his mouthwash.
You can do this. It’s no big deal; you want him; he wants you. Don’t think about anything else. She walked out of the bathroom in her black lace bra and underwear to find Emerson standing by the bathroom door.
“I was just coming to see if you were okay,” he choked out the words. “Wow.”
Talia wrapped her arms around his neck, pressing her body close to his, and he could feel her breasts on his chest and his pants felt tight. She pressed her lips to his, and she ran her fingers through his hair. He grabbed at her hips and he plunged his tongue into her mouth, swirling his tongue around hers, causing her body to tingle everywhere. She moaned with pleasure.
“Damn it, Talia, why do you have to be so damn irresistible,” he groaned as he sucked on her lip and ran his hands over her body.
“Why do you have to be so damn sexy? All I ever do is think about you,” she moaned back. His hands felt so good on her body. She kissed down his neck, rubbing her body up against his. “I want you. I have never wanted this before, but I want you.”
“Oh, I want you, too, oh god I want you.” He picked her up, and she wrapped her legs around his waist as she kissed his mouth. He held on to her ass, grabbing it tight with both hands.
He moved toward the stairs and she kissed his neck and gently bit into his skin. He moaned and couldn’t even make it up the stairs to his bed. He lowered her onto the stairs and leaned over top of her, kissing down her neck to her breasts. Talia moaned and giggled as he hooked his fingers into her bra, pulling it down just enough for him to get at her already hardened nipple. He was so gentle with her, every touch just turned her on more. As he placed his lips over her nipple and sucked, her body tingled with pleasure. Talia wrapped her legs around his body, pressing her center against him, causing them both to moan. She could feel him, hard and excited, rubbing up against her and she bit her lip as another wave of pleasure washed over her. The only thing between them was a thin layer of fabric. She kissed his mouth as she undid the buttons on his shirt slowly and then ran her fingers up and down his chest. He was the most gorgeous man she had ever seen, and she had her legs wrapped around him. He kissed her neck and caressed her breasts.
“Your body is incredible, you are so damn sexy,” he moaned. “I want you.”
He gazed down at her. “Talia, we can’t do this, you’re drunk, I can’t.” He groaned like he was in physical pain. As he tried to pull away from her, she kissed his mouth. Plunging her tongue into his mouth, massaging his tongue with hers, she wrapped her arms around his body, and she moaned into his mouth.
“Please, just kiss me then.”
He ran his fingers through her long dark hair, and he touched her face, running his thumb down her jaw. He licked her lips and sucked on her tongue, causing her body to quiver.
“Oh my god, you do crazy things to me,” Talia moaned into his mouth.
“Oh honey, the things I want to do to you.” He kissed her mouth as he caressed her breasts and ran his hands down her body to her ass. Talia arched her back, pushing harder up against him, and she could feel his erection rubbing her sex.
“Oh,” she moaned.

Emerson wanted her, but at that moment it wasn’t about him. She differed from any other girl he had been with. He didn’t know what it was about her, but she was special to him. This wasn’t a one-night stand; he would not send her packing when they were through. He wanted more with her; he wanted all the things she wanted. But they both knew their fathers would never let them be happy together. He looked down at the fully aroused, half naked woman that he adored and knew Brianne was right. He wouldn’t do anything to hurt her but making her feel good was something he was more than happy to do. For the first time in Emerson Rose’s life, where someone else’s needs mattered more than his own. He kissed her mouth and then took hold of her hips with both hands and he pushed up against her sex and her legs parted further for him.

She could feel him long, thick and hard through his pants as he wiggled his hips and rubbed up against her sex. The sensation and friction of him nudging at her clit made her drip with desire for him. She whimpered, her heart racing, and her body shook. Talia looked up into his eyes with a look of uncertainty and he kissed her and whispered in her ear, “I got you.”
He held her hips down hard on the steps and he gently but determinedly rubbed up and down her center and she screamed, welcoming the pleasure he gave her. Talia wrapped her legs around him tight and she bit his shoulder than her body shook and she screamed from her orgasm. “That’s it, honey,” he moaned as he continued rocking and rubbing up against her, prolonging her orgasm.
“Wow,” Talia breathed as all the tension in her body fell away. She was left feeling light and happy. She rested her face against his hot, sweating chest as he still leaned up against her; his scent made her moan again. Even his sweat smelled good. He wrapped his arms around her, and they rested on the stairs for a few moments, not saying anything. Talia yawned, and she hugged him tighter; she loved the way she felt in his arms. That was the most amazing moment of her life. She had never had a man pay so much attention to her. He didn’t care about his own pleasure, he just made sure she was taken care of.
Every minute that she spent with Emerson, she could feel herself falling deeper and deeper. She feared she would lose herself completely and be consumed by her pull to him. Talia could feel her body relaxing and wanting to fall asleep. Before she knew what was happening, she was in his arms and he was carrying her to his bed. He laid her down and kissed her forehead.
“Sweet dreams,” he whispered, and he walked into the bathroom. Talia could hear the trickling of running water as she dozed off to sleep.

Emerson relieved himself in the shower, dried himself off, and brushed his teeth. He put on a pair of boxer shorts returned to his dark bedroom where a beautiful creature was asleep in his bed. He carefully crawled in beside her, careful not to wake her. She rolled over to him in her sleep and wrapped her arms and legs around him and nuzzled her head into his chest. Emerson couldn’t sleep, he just watched her; he wanted to enjoy every moment he got with her because he didn’t know how long they would have. In her sleepy, drunken state, Talia moaned, and tears fell down her face.
“Please, don’t leave me,” she begged in her sleep.
He kissed her forehead and whispered in her ear, “I am not going anywhere.”

Chapter 11


Talia woke up with a killer headache and her body wrapped around the hot, sweating flesh of Emerson’s rock-hard body. She opened her eyes and found him staring back at her. She said nothing at first; she just rested her head on his chest as she let the events of the night before play back bit by bit.
“How are you feeling?” he asked as he kissed her head and rubbed his fingers tenderly along her arm.
“My head is pounding and my back hurts,” she moaned as she put her hand to her head. “And I really have to pee.” She squirmed as she moved out of his arms. It was then that she realized she was half naked and more events of the night played back in her mind. There was no need for her to play shy, so she got up and walked to the bathroom.
She washed her face and brushed her hair with his hairbrush. She used mouthwash to rinse her mouth, and then she looked at herself in the mirror. She was embarrassed by walking around in her underwear. She checked out her ass to make sure it looked good and then she pushed her breasts up so they sat perfectly. He was so gorgeous, which was different for her. She had dated good-looking guys before, but she was used to being the better looking one in the relationship. Emerson was amazing in every way. Talia stood there in the bathroom replaying everything in her mind. She smiled thinking about him and the way he treated her the night before. He was so gentle with her. She liked him so much more because he just put her to bed. He treated her with more respect than most guys she knew, and she liked him because of how different he was with her.
Talia walked out of the bathroom with a smile on her face and she was greeted with a bottle of water, two Tylenol, and a cup of coffee. It was all served with a big smile on Emerson’s handsome face.
“Thought this might help the headache,” he said as she took the water and Tylenol.
“Oh yes, thank you.” She swallowed down the pills and she yawned. “What time is it?”
“Eight,” he said and handed her the coffee.
“No wonder why I am still tired,” she yawned again and then took a sip of the coffee. “I can leave if you have things you need to do?” She asked, looking down. He gently touched her face and lifted her head so he could look into her eyes.
“I would like you to stay, if you want to,” he murmured in a dark, soft voice as he held her gaze.
Talia smiled and shivered. “I will stay, but can we get back in bed? I don’t have clothes on, and I am cold,” she said, hugging herself.
He gestured to the bed, and they walked over. She set her coffee on the nightstand and she got under the covers. She crawled into his arms when he got in bed.
“I am not cold anymore,” she moaned as his hot arms and bare chest felt so good next to her body, he warmed her right up.
“Good, I don’t want you to be cold.”
Talia rolled over, so she was looking up at him and she leaned her breasts into his chest. She had a confused and embarrassed smile on her face. “Thank you for last night, I am sorry I was so drunk,” she muttered and put her head down on his chest, a little embarrassed.
“Don’t be sorry. It was your birthday and I do believe I paid for most of your drinks so that would make it my fault you got so drunk.”
“Well, I really appreciate you being so sweet to me. I am sorry if I behaved badly,” she said.
He touched her face and looked into her eyes. “You did nothing bad,” he whispered as he gently kissed her lips and then pulled away.
“What was that for?” She asked, smiling up at him.
“I have wanted to kiss you since you opened your eyes,” he smiled, looking down at her with affection.
“Then don’t stop,” she smiled. “Kiss me,” Talia whispered, moving in close to him and she pressed her lips to his and he tasted minty fresh. He held her face in his hands as he controlled their kiss at a gentle rhythm, keeping it slow and sensual. Talia melted into the kiss; he made all her fears and insecurities drift away. She didn’t worry about anything when she was in his arms. He ran his hands down her body and she tingled as his gentle touch gave her goosebumps. He caressed her breasts slowly as he made his way to her ass and he squeezed hard and he moaned, deepening their kiss. He possessed her mouth with his tongue, licking her tongue passionately. 
“You’re so beautiful, oh, I love your body,” he moaned in her ear as he kissed down her neck.
Talia could hear her cell phone going off, but she didn’t care because his mouth was on her neck and it felt so good. Before she knew what was happening, she was on her back and he was in-between her legs, kissing her. Talia kissed his neck and ran her fingers through his hair and then down his strong muscular back. She heard her phone go off again but ignored it. He kissed down her neck to her breasts and he pulled down her bra to lick at her already hardened nipples. He knew where to touch her in all the right places to make her moan and quiver with pleasure. He kissed back up to her mouth, dipping his tongue into her mouth, swirling it around hers, and he reached down her back to undo her bra. Talia looked into his eyes. “I have to tell you something,” she purred, breathing heavy from how aroused she was.
Just then his phone went off and he rolled over and answered it.
“Hello,” Emerson said annoyed, and he was breathing heavily.
“Emerson, it’s Brianne. Is Talia awake yet? I have to talk to her.”
He rolled his eyes and lay back on the bed. “Yes, hold on, she is right here,” he huffed and handed the phone to Talia, who gave him an apologetic look.
“Hi Bree,” she breathed in deep, waiting for the third degree.
“Why haven’t you answered your phone?” Brianne snapped.
“Because my phone is downstairs and I am still in bed.”
“He didn’t have sex with you while you were wasted, please tell me you didn’t?” Brianne asked, concerned.
“No, Emerson was a perfect gentleman,” Talia smiled up, looking into his eyes.
“Well, you need to come home. Your dad saw the Facebook pictures, and he is freaking out. I covered for you and told him you were still sleeping, but you better get your ass home soon. Remember, you have a birthday party with your family this afternoon.”
“Oh, I don’t want to deal with him, I just want to stay in bed all day,” Talia groaned and pouted her lip.
“Stay in bed all day, wait a minute, I am interrupting something?” Brianne asked excitedly.
“Yes, so can you hold him off a little longer? I will be home soon.”
“Ok, but you have five friends that are here waiting to hear all the juicy details. I love you, take care,” Brianne giggled. “And be safe.”
Talia hung up the phone and handed it back to Emerson.
“Everything okay?” he asked as he set his phone down on his nightstand.
“Well, my dad is freaking out about the Facebook pictures,” Talia rolled her eyes as she moved on top of him, straddling him in between her legs, and she kissed his neck.
“Do you have to go?” he asked as he moaned from her kissing his neck.
“Sooner than I would like to,” she purred in his ear as she rubbed him in-between her legs and he squirmed. She kissed his lips, possessing his mouth with her passionate kiss. She kissed his neck and down his perfect chest and abs. She came to his boxers, and she smiled up at him as she hooked her finger into his shorts and pulled them off his body, revealing his impressive erection.
“Wow,” Talia giggled, and he had a look of power and confidence on his face when she looked up at him. She took him in her hands. He was hair free and smooth. She rubbed him up and down and he moaned. She looked up at his face, preparing him for what was coming. Slowly and seductively, her tongue made contact, a soft lick to the head, and he shivered to the touch of her tongue. Slowly, she swirled her tongue around him as she looked up at him through her thick black lashes. He moaned, and he licked his lips as she graciously licked down the shaft. She used both her hands to rub up and down as she wrapped her mouth over the head and she sucked him hard, but slowly up and down. Emerson gasped with delight, and Talia smiled. She wanted him to surrender to her. She wanted to make him feel like no other woman had ever made him feel before; she wanted him to remember no one but her.
She looked up at him, smiling. “Don’t stop,” Emerson begged.
Talia liked that he begged her. It made her feel sexy and in control. She had the power to make his toes curl and his head shake, and that’s just what she wanted to do to him. She used her tongue to massage his erection. She licked and sucked him until his toes curled; she sucked down, hard, taking as much of him in her mouth as she could, and she used her hands to increase his pleasure.
He gasped as his body shook with pleasure. “Oh, you are incredible,” he moaned.
Talia had never enjoyed pleasuring a man that much before, it had never turned her on; it was always something she just did. But with Emerson, she wanted to pleasure him. She wanted to make him squirm, and she wanted him to remember the pleasure she gave him. He was so different from any other man she knew. He was so sweet with her and constantly let her know how amazing she was. It was equally about her, not just him. Knowing that she had full control and she could make him cum with the proper stroke of her tongue made her feel incredibly aroused. No man ever made her feel the way he did.

Emerson’s eyes were closed; his head fell back on the pillow he gave into her completely with her mouth wrapped around him nothing else mattered but her. Her mouth was hot and moist, and her tongue played and teased him. She took her time; she wanted to pleasure him. He was not used to a woman that was so eager and happy to suck him off.
“Talia, oh Talia, you’re so good,” he moaned, gasping for air. “I am going to cu…!”
She smiled up at him with her mouth around his dick, letting him know she wanted him to cum in her mouth. Talia rolled her lips slowly down as far as she could and sucked him in hard, moving up and down, milking him with her mouth. He gasped and his body jerked, and his toes curled and his eyes rolled back in his head and he shook as he came long and hard with a moan.
“Wow incredible, I mean it, I am not just saying it, that was, oh my,” he breathed as he reached for her and pulled her on top of him wrapping his arms around her. He kissed her neck and rolled her on to her back and he was on top of her. He kissed down her neck and Talia moaned and shook as she didn’t want him to stop.
“Emerson, I really have to go,” she groaned.
“I don’t want you to leave,” he whispered in her ear as he sucked on her earlobe.
“I am sorry, but I have to go. I have to deal with my father before my birthday party,” she moaned and squirmed as he kneeled in between her legs.
“At least let me repay the favor before you leave me,” he purred as he was licking at her nipples, making her shake and whimper. Every time he touched her body, it felt so good. Her nipples were hard and aching and he sucked hard, causing her to gasp for air. Talia was so turned on she was throbbing between her legs, aching for him. Her entire body was tingling. He kissed down her stomach and licked his tongue across the line of her underwear. He looked into her eyes as he hooked his fingers into her underwear and slowly tried to pull them off. Talia reached down to stop him and he looked up into her confused eyes. She was shaking like she was nervous and she had a funny expression on her face. “No one has ever done that to me,” she said, embarrassed.
“Seriously?” he asked with a shocked expression on his face.
“What assholes have you dated? Your needs are just as important as mine. If I cum, then you get too as well,” he muttered in a low sexy voice as he leaned over top of her and kissed her mouth softly. “I will take care of you, honey.”
He parted her legs and pulled off her underwear and looked down at her. She was perfectly waxed and smooth. He leaned down and parted her with his hands just as the hot air of his breath made her whimper. He inhaled her scent, and it drove him wild all over again. There was something about her, something so pure and sweet. He had never been so turned on before just by the scent of a woman, but everything about Talia turned him on. His tongue lapped against her sensitive flesh and she moaned and parted her legs for him even more. She whimpered when his tongue stroked her in all the right places repeatedly. He used his hands to spread her further apart as he continued exploring every inch of her center, finding all the spots that made her cry out with pleasure. He spent time on each spot, paying close attention, learning what she liked. Her pleasure was more important to him than his own. He knew she had a hard life, and she had major trust issues with men. He wanted her trust; he wanted to make her happier and give her more pleasure than any man before him. He wanted her. He wanted to take his time with her; he wanted to possess her as he was already possessed by her. 
“You’re mine,” he moaned against her hot flesh as he pressed his tongue inside her center, making her scream and her body shake. She was on the verge of orgasm, and he knew one brief flicker would set her off, but then it would be over and she would leave him. He wanted to make it last, he wanted it to be the best orgasm she ever had so when she was laying in her bed alone that night, she would think of him and ache for him.

Talia was going crazy; she had never felt more pleasure in her life. She dug her nails into the sheets of the bed as she held on tight; she couldn’t keep her body from shaking. He was torturing her in the most amazing way. She moved her hips, trying to chase his tongue, almost begging for her release. But he would not give it to her until he was good and ready to.
 “Oh my god, please,” she cried as his tongue relentlessly flickered at her clitoris. Talia knew after that moment she would never be the same. She belonged to him, and she wouldn’t be able to deny him anything. She was his in every sense of the word.
“Now,” he demanded. “Cum for me, Talia,” he moaned into her flesh as he lapped her up and down and flickered at her clitoris.
She had no control. She gave him what he wanted she screamed out as waves of ecstasy ran through her body and crashed into her core repeatedly until she was free and floating weightlessly and tears fell from her eyes. 
“I am yours,” she screamed as the waves tingled her body from the aftershock of her orgasm. Emerson lay down beside her and cradled her in his arms; he enjoyed holding her as she came down from her high.
“That was amazing,” she whimpered, out of breath.
“You’re amazing,” he moaned in her ear as he kissed her cheek.
“Please tell me you will do that again?” she laughed out loud.
“Anytime you want, just ask,” he grinned.
“Please tell me that sex will be that good,” she moaned with excitement.
“Oh, it will be better. I would offer to show you now, but I know you have to go and we don’t have the time we need to do it right,” he teased her.
“Oh my god, you are going to ruin me,” she laughed. 

Emerson drove Talia to her house and on the drive, she pulled out her iPad and started deleting pictures from the night before.
“What are you doing?”
“Deleting the pictures from last night, I can’t be doing things like that now I am not a student anymore. I am a professional; if people from work see those pictures, they will think horrible things about me,” she said with a sigh.
“Don’t worry about people at work.”
“That’s my house just up the street,” She pointed to a large Victorian style home. “But can you drop me off here. My dad lives next door and I don’t want him to see us and freak out even more.”
“Possessive much?” he huffed.
“You have no idea.” She rolled her eyes.
“So, why would you buy the house next door to your father?” Emerson asked, confused.
“Oh, it wasn’t by choice,” she said. “I put offers on sixteen other houses and my dad worked his magic convincing people not to sell to me. This was the only house he would let me buy. But it beats living under his rules. I think sometimes he does things to prove to me that even though I don’t need his money, he can still control me.”
“You don’t need his money?” Emerson asked curiously.
“No, I don’t, I have my own, I have had many people in my family die and leave me a lot of money. My mom and both my grandfathers left everything they had to me. My dad didn’t get a penny from his father’s death. My grandfather hated my dad for what he did to me, so to spite my dad, he left everything to me.”
“So, you own half your father’s businesses? Then why the hell are you working for me?” He asked, interested.
“Technically, I own the hotel he bought me out of the rest. I had no interest in running my dad’s companies. I am working for you because I need to hang on to every bit of control over my own life that I can. He made me take business so to spite him, I refused to work for him. I know it’s silly, but it’s just the way me and my dad do things. We are constantly pushing each other. It all works out for me, anyway; I would be the one to take over the business if anything happened to my father.”
“So, if you are rich on your own without your father, then why put up with it?” he asked.
“I wish I knew the answer to that, but I don’t know why I put up with it. Why do you put up with your dad, why don’t you come clean and tell him who you really are?” she asked, turning the question around.
“You’re right, I get it,” he said with a shake of his head as he pulled the car over.
“So, if you have all this money, why work at all?”
“I am not that girl who likes to have everything given to me. I enjoy working and besides, my boss is really sexy, and I enjoy staring at him.” She laughed and gave him a smile.
“So, do I get to see you again?” He asked as he touched her hand tenderly.
“Tomorrow at work,” she smiled and leaned over and kissed his mouth sensually, leaving him wanting more.
“And after work?” He asked with a moan as his gaze met hers.
“Maybe,” Talia smiled as she got out of the car.

Chapter 12


Talia walked into her house to find all her best friends in the kitchen eating breakfast and laughing. When she walked into the kitchen with the biggest smile on her face, she was bombarded with a hundred questions. Brianne handed her a coffee. Talia sat down on a barstool at the breakfast bar and took a sip. Then she smiled, looking up at her friends.
“Oh, come on already, Talia please tell us you had sex with that god of a man?” Mandy asked with excitement in her voice and a big smile on her face.
“No, I didn’t,” She shook her head and took a sip of her coffee. “We didn’t, I wanted to, but we didn’t.”
“Then why the hell are you so happy?” Sarah asked, laughing quizzically.
“Oh, because he is so amazing,” Talia quivered just thinking about him.
“Oh, give it up, you clearly did something. I have never seen your face so full of color,” Brianne laughed at her.
“Oh fine, we fooled around,” Talia giggled. “And I can guarantee my experience was far better than his,” She laughed and so did all her friends.
“Please, tell me he is flawed. No man can be that perfect. Please, tell me his package is tiny,” Mandy asked with big round eyes.
Talia put her hand down and laughed. She shook her head. She looked up at her friends and she laughed hysterically. “He’s huge, almost intimidatingly big.”
“Damn it,” Mandy hissed. “How the hell is a man allowed to be so damn perfect?”
“I don’t know, but he is,” Talia breathed in deep and she thought about him.
“Are you going to see him again?” Grace asked while eating her pancakes.
“I work for him. I am going to see him tomorrow,” Talia sighed, dreading having to work together.
“Did you to discuss anything?” Brianne asked, glaring at Talia long and hard.
“Did you tell him? Did you talk about a relationship? Did you tell him about your past?” Brianne asked, concerned.
“No, I didn’t tell him, yet. We have touched on my past here and there,” Talia looked down, abashed.
“Talia, you need to set some limits or you’re going to end up hurt in more ways than one,” Brianne muttered.
“I know. I don’t know what I am doing with this man. I can’t seem to stop myself.” 

Talia walked into her father’s house early enough before her birthday party was scheduled to start. She was showered, had her hair and makeup done, and she looked lovely in a simple black, white and blue flower print summer dress, great for an afternoon barbecue in June. Her father’s house was perfect just like all his buildings; everything was exactly like it should be. Everything in Harrison’s life was perfect and everyone did what he wanted. Except for Talia, she was his one imperfect piece that didn’t quite fit in. Or that’s how she saw herself.
Talia was shaking as she walked into her father’s office. She met his disappointed stare, and he gestured to a chair for her to take a seat. Talia took a seat, and she put her head down. She braced herself for the yelling match they usually got into whenever she did something he disagreed with, which was pretty often. Talia always defended her actions, but this time she was just as disappointed with herself as he was. She didn’t think she did anything wrong with kissing her friends; it was all just for fun, but she was an adult and pictures like that could really affect her future.
Harrison sat at his desk and looked down at Talia. 
“Look at me, Talia,” he demanded. “I am disgusted with your behavior last night. Sometimes, I just don’t understand you and the things you do. You want me to treat you with respect and let you make your own choices. This happens when you make your own choices. Do you want everyone to think you are a big drunk spoiled slut? Because that’s what those pictures made you look like. Was this to get back at me for meddling in your work life? This behavior has to stop. Some things even I can’t fix. I worry that one of these days you’re going to end up getting yourself if a heap of a mess trying to teach me a lesson,” Harrison shook his head and took a deep breath. “Okay, now you may defend your actions. Make me understand.” He waved his hands at her as if he was letting her speak.
Talia looked deep into her father’s eyes. “I am sorry. That will never happen again. It was just silly fun, but I removed the pictures from Facebook. It doesn’t change the fact that it happened, and people saw them, but they are down now. I totally understand why you are upset with me. I would feel the same way if I had a daughter. I am an adult now and I work for a big advertising company. I need to act more responsibly. I promise this won’t happen again,” Talia said, and she put her head down to avoid looking at her father.

Harrison was shocked; he didn’t believe his own ears. No screaming, no tantrum about how he ruined her life so if she wanted to ruin it more, she could. No tears, no drama of any kind, just honesty. Harrison couldn’t have been more pleased; he was so proud to see his daughter was finally growing up.
“I am glad to see we are on the same page; I am very impressed that you realize you need to present yourself more professionally. I just have to ask one question and please don’t scream at me,” her father hesitated and then he continued. “After seeing the pictures from last night, I have to ask, are you and Brianne lesbians? I promise I won’t freak out,” Harrison breathed in deep and put his hands on his desk to brace himself for the answer.
Talia laughed and shook her head. “No dad, we are not lesbians. It was just a silly, brief kiss on the lips. Really nothing to worry about.”
“Oh, thank god,” Harrison breathed out and stood up from his desk to walk over to Talia.
“Okay, now you look beautiful today, my darling. Happy Birthday.” Talia stood up and her father gave her a big hug. “You do know I love you, right?” He whispered in her ear.
“Yes, I believe you love me in your own way,” Talia laughed. “And I love you, too.”
Talia’s birthday party was over the top fancy as Sheila and her father planned it, Talia knew it would be. She had fun and enjoyed the food and all the gifts she received from a bunch of people that barely knew her; they were just there because of her father. 

It was a long weekend and Talia was exhausted; when she slipped into her pajamas and crawled into her bed, her body ached. As soon as her head hit her pillow and she closed her eyes, she thought about Emerson and his dark blue eyes. She thought about his silky black hair and she moaned. She thought about his incredibly sculptured body and she got goosebumps. Then she thought about his perfectly kissable mouth and all the pleasure that came from kissing him, and she ached between her legs for him. Talia swallowed hard. A man had never gotten to her so badly before. She didn’t know how things were going to turn out, but she knew that it wasn’t over, it had just begun. And no matter how scared she was, she couldn’t resist him, and he couldn’t resist her.
Just as Talia leaned over her nightstand to shut off her lamp, her phone went off. She checked her messages; she had a few texts from her university friends wishing her a happy birthday and she got a text from Emerson.

You still awake? I can’t stop thinking about you. My bed feels so lonely without you.
So tired, but you’re all I am thinking about too.
Good, glad to know I am not the only one going crazy. I miss you.
Emerson, what are we doing? I mean, what is this between us?
What do you want this to be?
You tell me, you’re the boss remember lol!
Oh, I am the boss. I like that :)
I am serious, be honest with me.
What do you want? So I know.
I want you Talia and not just your body.
Although I can’t stop thinking about your body,
and how you smell, look, taste and feel…
OMG blushing. I want you too.
This will never work. Sigh.
Don’t think so much; you’re going to give
yourself a headache and I am not there
to make you feel better.
I wish you were here.
A wish that could be fulfilled easily.
No, it’s too late. You have a big presentation tomorrow.
Yeah, with your dad :( he is so scary.
Don’t worry, you will do great.
Your proposal is fantastic; he won’t say no, trust me.
I do trust you, and I don’t trust anybody.
So you have trust issues and intimacy issues? Lol.
So do you. We have a lot in common.
Possessive control freak dads and moms that are in heaven.
Yeah, we do. We are a disaster waiting to happen. Sigh.
I don’t care I want this to happen.
I am exhausted I have to go to sleep. So I am not falling asleep at work tomorrow.
Sweet dreams, hope they are about me lol
Oh, I have been dreaming about you since I was thirteen :)
See you tomorrow.

Talia walked into the Light the Rose building at the same time as Mr. John Rose. She caught his eye in her red business dress and he walked over to see her.
“Good morning, Ms. Montgomery.” He smiled in greeting as they were both getting on the elevator.
“Good morning, Mr. Rose. Sorry sir, but I go by my mother’s maiden name, Thorn.” She smiled politely as she tucked her hair behind her ears.
“Okay then, hello Ms. Thorn.”
“How are you, sir?”
“I am very well, thank you, and I will be even better if my son lands the account with Montgomery Industries,” he said determinedly. If he doesn’t screw it up, I don’t know why I put him in charge of this case.” He sounded like he was expecting failure from Emerson.
Talia felt angry she wanted to snap at Mr. Rose. Didn’t he know his son at all? Emerson gave a hundred percent of himself in everything he did, even when he didn’t love his job. He had been working on the account all month he knew everything up and down.
“Well, I can assure you that Emerson has worked very hard on the proposal. We have been working very hard together to make it perfect. My dad is a hard man to deal with, but one thing is certain; he respects hard work and dedication. And when he sees how much work Emerson has put into this account, I am positive he will win my dad over,” Talia snapped with a smile, trying to remind herself to be professional.
“Very good, that’s what I wanted to hear.” He smiled at her as he rocked back and forth on his heels and cleared his throat. “I have noticed a lot of changes in my son since you started working for him. He has been putting in more of an effort around here, and I really like it. I have also heard good things about you around the office too, Talia. People around here like you.”
“Well, I am glad, I really enjoy working here and I have learned a lot working with Emerson.” She smiled. “I was really mad at my dad for interfering, but I am happy in my position here.” Talia said as she watched the numbers on the elevator light up.
“Well, help my son land this account and I’ll make you permanent.” He smiled at her.
“Well, if my father heard you say that, he wouldn’t take the proposal,” Talia muttered uncomfortably. She didn’t know if she wanted to stay there long term. She didn’t really know what she wanted out of life. But she was sure that when she figured it out, her father would be there to tell her no.
The elevator doors opened, and Clara was standing there in a cream-colored business suit looking as perfectly bitchy as she always did. Clara smiled warmly at John and then gave Talia a long nasty stare.
“Good morning Clara, how was your weekend?” John asked her warmly.
“Oh good, spent the weekend with my parents. We went up to the cottage. Emerson was supposed to come, but he bailed on my dad again. They were supposed to go fishing,” Clara said, glaring at Talia like she knew he was with her over the weekend.
“Oh, he must have canceled to work on his proposal because I didn’t see him at all this weekend either,” John muttered.
“Yes, that’s what he said he was doing,” Clara rolled her eyes in disbelief and shot Talia another dirty look.
“Clara, have you met Talia Thorn? She is Emerson’s new assistant,” John asked, introducing the two ladies. “Talia, this is Clara Linking, she is the vice president at Linking Fire. Her father and I are very close friends.”
“Oh yes, we have met,” Clara said, rolling her eyes.
“Well, John, we all have to get together soon, the entire family, I miss our times together at the cottage,” Clara said in her fake but pleasant voice.
“Yes, of course. I think that Mrs. Rose is planning something with your mother for my birthday,” John smiled at her.
The elevator came to a stop on the fourteenth floor.
“It was nice seeing you John, talk to you soon,” Clara turned and smiled at him and then she shot Talia a dirty look and mumbled something under her breath as she stepped off the elevator. The elevator doors shut, and John turned and smiled at Talia.
“She is not as bad as she seems,” he insisted.
“She isn’t the friendliest person I have met,” Talia admitted.
“She used to be a nice girl. Her and Emerson were the best of friends, her father and I used to joke that they would get married and we would combine the two business one day. But something changed the summer after my wife died; Emerson and Clara’s friendship changed and they have never been the same since,” John muttered as if he was thinking out loud and then he looked at Talia like he didn’t know why he was telling her that. The elevator came to a stop and John walked her to her desk.
Talia set her stuff down and turned on her computer. She walked into Emerson’s office with a coffee, as she brought him one every day.
“Good morning, sir. Here is your coffee and I have everything ready to go for your meeting at ten,” she smiled as she walked in and handed him his coffee.
“Are you friends with my dad now?” he asked in an icy voice, as if he was mad at her.
“What?” she asked, a little put off by his tone of voice after the conversation they had the night before. “We came up in the elevator together and we chatted for five minutes. Am I not allowed to talk to your father?” she snapped and glared at him.
He looked at her, and his face lightened. “I am sorry, I didn’t mean to be an ass. I am just stressed out about this meeting. My dad is breathing down my neck, driving me crazy like he is convinced I am going to screw it up,” he muttered as he ran his hand through his thick hair and gave a rueful shake of his head.
“Well, stop worrying about your father because you have to go deal with mine in an hour.” Talia closed the door behind her and she moved in close to him, hiding behind the wall so no one could see her hug him and she held on to him for a minute and then she touched his face. “You are great at your job and you have worked really hard on this proposal. You are going to nail this account and show your dad that you are amazing.” She smiled as she looked deep into his eyes. He breathed in deep and held her tight in his arms for a few moments longer, and she could feel his anxiety ease out of his body.
“You really think I am amazing, don’t you?” He asked in a low, intimate voice.
“Yes, of course I do. I wouldn’t lie. Emerson, your dad gives you a hard time because he doesn’t want you to know how great you are. You will land this account today and show your dad. He might not tell you that you are incredible, but I will because you are. I have always thought that. You saved the life of a little girl you didn’t know; you didn’t have to do that; you could have just called for help, but you didn’t. You got me out of the car, and you stayed with me. You have always been amazing, and I have always known it, I just wasn’t around to tell you.”
Her words touched his core. He was lost to her; he would never be the same. He feared just as much as she did that what was going on between them would end badly.
“Thank you, Talia I think you might be the best thing that has ever happened to me,” He smiled and touched her face as he breathed in her scent.
“Well, that must make me incredible, too,” Talia smiled.
“Absolutely amazing.” He gently pressed his soft, warm lips to hers. It was a sensual, sweet kiss of understanding and compassion. They hurried away from each other when someone walked by the window, and they both took their seats to go over the last-minute preparations.
“Emerson, I think you are all set. Don’t stress,” Talia said, looking down at the proposal in her hand. “You’re going to do great.”
“No, not me — we will do great,” he said in a deep voice with a look of excitement on his face.
“What? No, I can’t go with you,” Talia shook her head, and she became nervous.
“Yes, you can, and you will, I need you with me. I couldn’t have done this without you, and I want your father to know how amazing you are. You may be my assistant, but on this account, you have been my partner getting me through it. You being there with me is just as important as me nailing this account.”
Talia was shocked and overwhelmed. She had never had someone that wanted her around so much. He said he needed her, and she believed him. She couldn’t let him down. It meant so much to her he had just said that.
“Emerson, I want to be there with you, and I want to show my dad that I can do this job, but I don’t know if it’s a good idea. My dad can read people very well. There is no way that we can be in the same room together and give this proposal without him picking up on something. My dad can be very scary. I don’t know what he would do to either of us,” Talia said, shaking in her chair.
“We are both so scared of our fathers, but why? We are both adults. I don’t care what happens. Let’s do this together and if your dad freaks out and we don’t get the account and my dad fires us, then I say we run off together and leave them behind,” he said with a laugh as he looked at her and she shook her head. Even though it was a joke, the idea was more appealing to both of them than either of them let on.

Chapter 13


Emerson and Talia walked into the boardroom of Montgomery Industries to find six men in black business suits sitting at a large table waiting for them. At the head of the table was her father, Harrison Montgomery in all his glory, sitting in a big, black comfortable chair that raised him higher than everyone else in the room. He had on a three-piece grey business suit with a black shirt and a red tie; it made him look all-powerful and intimidating. As nervous as they were, once they walked into the room, they were past the point of no return. Emerson turned into the confident and intelligent business manager that he was at work. At first, Talia didn’t think she liked that side of him, but the closer she got to him and the more she learned about him, the more she liked all his sides. At the moment they walked into the boardroom and she saw the way Emerson carried himself and the way her father acted, she realized how alike they were. She always thought she wanted a man that was nothing like her father, but Emerson had some of her father’s traits. He also had a soft, compassionate side that she found appealing.
She saw her father’s shocked expression and just as he was going to ask her what she was doing there. Emerson set his stuff down and began.
“Good morning, gentlemen, thank you for meeting with us today. For those of you that don’t know me, I am Emerson Rose from Light the Rose,” he said as he waved his arms in Talia’s direction. “This is my assistant Talia Thorn and together we have come up with an incredible proposal for you that will bring your company amazing profits,” Emerson spoke in his confident professional voice, no one in the room would have been able to tell how nervous he was just moments before the meeting.
Talia looked at her father, waiting for him to end the meeting or take her out of the room and demand to know what was going on. But he didn’t, he listened, and he actually looked very interested in what Emerson had to say. When it was Talia’s turn to explain her ideas, all the men in the room watched Harrison and only listened to what she had to say. It was as if they weren’t allowed to look at her. Her father watched and listened to every word. Talia knew he also watched how Emerson and she interacted. How she knew what he needed at each moment and when he was asked a question and couldn’t think of the answer, she had his back and reminded him. They were an amazing team and Harrison was undoubtedly very impressed with not only his daughter, but the entire presentation.
When they were all done explaining everything and answered all the questions, everyone looked at Harrison for his approval. Everyone in the room watched and waited in anticipation. Emerson looked at Talia with an anxious expression on his face, and she shook her head and smiled with confidence. She knew her father very well, and she knew he liked to make people uneasy; no one could read his poker face, but she knew the look in his eyes.
“Gentlemen, can I ask all of you to wait in the hall for a brief moment while I talk with Ms. Thorn,” Harrison said in a deep voice. All the men left the room. Talia walked to the end of the table and she sat down beside her father and looked into his eyes.
“Can you explain to me why you are here?” Harrison asked with a curious smile on his face.
“This is your fault, you told me to stay away from Mr. Rose, but you let his dad know that I was interning at the company and you wanted me to have a better job. So, he bumped me up to Mr. Rose’s assistant. I was very mad at you at first for interfering because I didn’t want to work for Emerson. But since I have been there, I have learned a lot from him, and he lets me help him with accounts. He treats me as an equal, not just an assistant who is beneath him. I know you’re probably really mad that I am here, but we worked so hard on this proposal, please don’t say no because of me. We both know that what we came up with is fantastic,” Talia said. “If you want me off the case, that’s fine. If you want me to quit and work for you, then I will, but don’t let all his hard work go to waste because of me.”
Harrison smiled and sat back in his chair; he had never seen his daughter act this way before. He was pleased with her offer to give him what he wanted to help someone else. Harrison had noticed many changes in her since she started working at Light the Rose and he wondered if Emerson had something to do with it. He could tell they shared a fondness for each other, and there was a great deal of respect for the way they interacted. He picked up on the heat between them, so he knew they weren’t sleeping together. This was the moment he had been waiting for, the moment in his daughter’s life where she would just do as she was told, no questions asked and yet he couldn’t do it. For whatever reason, her working for Emerson was helping her grow and mature into a woman he was proud of. He couldn’t bring himself to stop it. But he had to make her sweat just a little, he had to push her buttons because that was just the way he did things.
“I am proud of you, Talia,” Harrison breathed out with a smiled that reached right up to his eyes.
“You did very well.”
Talia had tears in her eyes.
“Thank you, Dad, that means so much to me.”
“I didn’t mean to make you cry,” Harrison laughed, handing her a tissue.
Talia wiped her face, and she giggled. “These are happy tears, you know every little girl wants to make her dad happy, even the crazy ones like me.” She smiled up at him.
“Are you sleeping with him?” Harrison asked and Talia’s face changed, and she became angry.
“What? No, I have not had sex with my boss, Dad,” Talia snapped she didn’t know why she was so mad at her father; she was having an affair with her boss. He was right for asking her. She had spent nights with him, but hadn’t technically had sex, so it wasn’t completely a lie.
Talia’s heart broke when she thought about whom she was and how she felt about Emerson. She was becoming someone she didn’t want to be; she was like all those women that hit on her father. She didn’t want to be that girl. Talia held back her tears.
“But you like him, I can tell. You two work really well together and you make an excellent team. He respects you. I am sorry for asking you that question. I already knew the answer; I was just bugging you. I can tell when a man has been with a woman. No good business man would bring a woman he was sleeping with into a meeting this important to his career. You know, I have heard a lot of bad things about Emerson Rose. But he seems like he is good at his job and seems to be respectful towards you. I mean, for a man that is known for banging his assistants, I am impressed he has resisted you. I mean, come on, you’re my daughter and you get your good looks from me.” Harrison laughed as if he had told a joke.
“Well, he has always treated me with respect. I never heard about his reputation. I mean, I am surprised; I didn’t get that from him at all. I never would have known,” Talia leaned back in her chair. She was confused and very overwhelmed by this recent information.
“He is the reason that Light the Rose has a no fraternizing policy between staff members. It’s for his protection, so no women can sue him for harassment if they get involved with him after signing the paperwork. His dad had to do it for his protection.”
Talia was freaking out inside. She felt sick to her stomach. “Dad, can we get back on topic, we did fantastic. Did we get the account? Do you want me to quit?” At that moment, a part of her wanted him to tell her to quit because she knew that she was going to be a mess working for Emerson after what she just found out. She was nothing to him, just another assistant.
“You don’t have to quit. I think working for Rose is a good thing for you, I have noticed a lot of changes in you lately and I like it. Yes, you got the account.” Harrison smiled at her. “And for the record, he couldn’t have done it without you.”
“Thanks,” Talia smiled. “I knew it.”
“I need to ask you something and your honesty would make me happy. I know you are seeing with someone; you have been staying out all night and you seem happier than I have ever seen you before. And don’t tell me I am crazy. I heard your girlfriends whispering at your party about the man you went home with,” His eyes narrowed in on hers. “Now, I know you are an adult so I can’t get mad, but I want to know who he is and I don’t want you sneaking around. You’re too good for that kind of behavior.”
Talia was shocked, and she didn’t know what to say. “Dad, um, can we talk about this at home, later? There are people waiting on us,” Talia pointed to the men in the hallway.
“No, we are talking about it right now. I pay all those men lots of money, they can wait as long as I want them to wait,” Harrison said and leaned back in his chair. He glared at her.
Talia hated lying but lying to her father made her sick, so she bent the truth. It was the only way she could live with herself.
“I am sorry dad but it’s hard for me to date because you are so overprotective. You are right, I have been seeing someone; I met him at the college. He is a writer, actually a published author. He is very sweet,” Talia muttered, holding back her tears. She knew she had to end things with Emerson. She was caught up is his web, and she was choking. She was turning into everything she hated about her father. She was living a double life, lying and sneaking around and in that moment it all became very real and she feared how far her secret life would go and would she hate the person she was becoming.
“A writer, Talia? Really, come on, I would almost rather you were sleeping with your boss,” Harrison said and threw his arms up in the air.
Talia choked on her father’s words. She was a mess, a part of her wanted to just scream out the truth.
“Okay, well don’t worry, it’s not serious. In fact, I am pretty sure it’s over,” Talia muttered, not looking at her father.
“Sweetheart, are you okay?” Harrison asked.
“I’ll be fine. Who wants love, anyway? I will never find a man that meets both my standards and yours; one of us will have to give in one day. Either I will let you marry me off or I’ll run off and get married to some random guy I fall for. I know that there is no way we both will ever be happy. Maybe I should just become a lesbian,” Talia laughed as tears came out of her eyes.
“Oh honey, I am sorry, you are right I didn’t realize how hard I make things on you. I am sorry I will try to be better at this stuff but it’s just so hard, you are my baby girl no one will ever be good enough for you,” Harrison muttered as he rubbed her arm and he stood up and pulled her into his arms for a big hug.
“I love you, Dad.”

Harrison let the men back into the room. Talia stood up and walked over to Emerson while her father went over everything with them, letting him know they got the account. Emerson was so excited, and Talia was happy for him.
“I want you both to do the presentation on Thursday night at our campaign party. This way everyone will know what to expect. Can you do that?” Harrison asked Emerson.
“Yes, of course, anything you want, sir,” Emerson smiled in relief.
“Great, you can escort Talia to the party. Her normal escort is out of town. It would make sense for you to take her if you two are going to be doing the presentation together,” Harrison said.
Talia looked at her father, confused. First, he told her to stay away from Emerson and now he was setting her up on a date with him. She stared at her father and he shook his head and smiled. “Well, thank you, Mr. Rose and Ms. Thorn, it was a fantastic proposal and I can’t wait to see it again on Thursday. You can come to our house at six and we will all go to the party together,” Harrison said to Emerson.

Talia and Emerson left the building and got into his car. He whooped with excitement and hugged her. He was so happy.
“We have to celebrate,” he said, looking at her. “I am taking you out for lunch. Where should we go?”
Talia was trying to hold back her mixed emotions, and she faked a smile. She didn’t want to ruin his excitement. He worked so hard and he deserved to be proud of his accomplishments.
“How about Emerson’s?”
“Are you okay? You and your dad were in there for a while. Is there anything you want to talk about? You seem really down, and we just got the account?”
“No, I don’t want to talk about it right now. It’s just my dad he gets to me sometimes, but it was the first time that he told me he was proud of me,” Talia scrunched up her nose to prevent herself from crying.
“But are you okay?” He asked, holding her hand.
“Yeah, I am fine. We just got the account,” she said.
“This has just been the best day. We got the account, my dad is going to be so happy and your dad just gave me permission to take you on a date,” he smiled and leaned over and kissed her.

After they had lunch, they got back to the office were greeted with an office party. John Rose was so excited and proud of his son; everyone in the office congratulated them. Emerson made sure everyone knew that they were a team and he couldn’t have done it without Talia.
The rest of the day went by fast, and she was exhausted by the end. She walked into Emerson’s office to say goodbye.
“Hey, I finished everything you asked me to do and I have things ready for the morning so unless there is anything else you need I am going to go,” Talia said, not really making eye contact with him.
“You know you are amazing, you’re always on top of everything. I am done, too; I’ll walk out with you,” he said, packing his bag and shutting off the lights as they exited the office. 

Talia was quiet on the walk to the elevators. Emerson pushed the button to call the elevator cart and when it came, they both got on. Once in, he turned and looked at her.
“Talk to me right now; tell me what changed from this morning. What happened in your dad’s office?”
“I don’t want to do this now, not here, not like this, not today,” Talia said, looking up at him, her face flushed.
“Talia, please don’t do this,” he begged her.
Talia looked at him and tears came running down her face and he moved in close to her and he touched her face and looked into her eyes as he wiped her tears away.
“Are there cameras in here?” Talia asked as she sniffled.
“No, why?”
She moved in even closer to him with a look of desire mixed with pain and regret on her face.
“Kiss me,” she demanded as tears poured from her eyes, something she never used to do, but lately she was crying a lot more than she ever had before.
He touched her waist with both hands and pushed her up against the elevator wall with force. She dropped her purse at the same time as his bag hit the floor. He looked at her with a hunger she had never seen in his eyes before, as he touched her face. This time was different, and they both knew it; they could feel the heat and pain in each other’s touch. He ran the pad of his thumb over her cheek and down her jaw. He pushed his body into hers and held onto her like it was the last time he was going to be allowed to touch her this way. He looked into her eyes as she breathed in heavily as she waited in anticipation for his hot, moist lips to touch hers. Her lips quivered as his lips moved in close. Just above her lips, he hovered there, waiting out her hunger for him. She could feel his fiery breath tickle her lips and she whimpered for him. He pressed his lips to hers, softly kissing away her sadness. Then the kiss became demanding, and he possessed her mouth like he had times before. As one hand held her face, the other hand slid down the curve of her back. He ran his hand up and down her spine softly before he softly squeezed her ass.
Emerson knew just how to kiss her, how to make her melt into him. He knew where to touch her in all the places that made her body quiver with pleasure. He knew her so well. As passionate as his kiss was, he was in no rush for it to end. He took his time with her, making it last as long as he could as he feared it would be the last time she let him touch her so intimately. They both enjoyed each touch, each kiss, as if they were both lost to the connection that drew them to each other. Talia had never been kissed so thoroughly or with so much tenderness or desire, and he had never wanted to just kiss a woman more. When he finally released her, she gasped for air and stared at him like never before, and they both knew it was over.
The doors to the elevators opened, and she moved around him. She picked up her bag, and she walked out of the building, her footsteps echoing behind her.

Chapter 14


Brianne walked into her very dark, quiet house and she knew something was wrong. Talia never let the house be in darkness. Talia hated the dark. It scared her, made her feel that something was going to get her and she couldn’t see to protect herself. She never even slept fully in the dark; she always had a light on somewhere nearby, so she could always see if something came at her.
Brianne knew Talia was home because her car was in the driveway and her purse was hanging on the stairs. Brianne turned on some lights and looked at her friends that were with her and she told them to wait in the living room. As she made her way through Talia’s very large, beautiful Victorian-style house, she finally found Talia in her bed crying in the dark.
Brianne turned on the lights to find Talia a mess; her hair was up in a messy ponytail; her face was flushed, she had mascara running down her cheeks. She was in a tank top and yoga pants, and she groaned when she opened her eyes to the light.
“Ya, Bree, kill the lights I just want to be in darkness,” she whined.
Brianne crawled onto Talia’s bed and rubbed her back.
“Talia, you hate the dark. Tell me what’s going on,” Brianne whispered in a sweet voice. She was always there to care for her friend, as Talia had always been there for her.
“I hate myself more than the dark. Let the darkness have me,” she cried, and she threw her body back down on her bed as dramatically as possible.
“Talia, talk to me, tell me what is going on. Did something happen between you and Emerson or with your dad? I haven’t seen you act this way since…” Brianne didn’t finish her sentence; she didn’t want to bring up the pain of her past.
 “I am just like my mother and all those women that screwed my dad; I don’t want to be this girl.” Talia cried even more.
“Talia, what are you talking about? You are not like those women.” Brianne touched her face gently in an attempt to soothe her.
“Yes, I am. Can’t you see I attract men that should be off-limits? Every guy that I have ever been attracted to has been a camp counselor, a manager, a teacher and my boss? I am the worst and I have turned into the type of woman I hate. I like Emerson so much I feel sick. I am torn between what I want and what I know is right,” she cried.
“You are not a bad person because you are attracted to men in power. Emerson is your boss, yes, but you knew him before, you have a past with him. There is a connection between you two. You haven’t even slept with him. You are not like those women you’re not sleeping with your boss to get ahead. You’re so worried about ending up like your parents you’re going to miss out on love,” Brianne murmured, shaking her head. “What happened today, you were so happy this morning? Emerson is freaking out. He doesn’t know what he did wrong.”
Talia sat up straight and wiped her face clean from her tears, and she looked at Brianne. “You talked to him?”
“Yes, you didn’t answer your phone, so he tracked me down at Shane’s and made me come here to check on you. Shane and Emerson are in the living room right now.”
“What? No!” Talia shook her head and ran her finger through her ponytail. “He just won’t let me go.”
“Well, he will not leave without talking to you, he is a mess,” Brianne said, looking at her friend sympathetically.
“Well, then you can send him up and I will tell him this is over, and he can go away,” Talia hissed as tears rolled down her face.

Emerson walked into Talia’s enormous master bedroom to find her crying on her king-sized bed entwined in white silk sheets. Her heart broke when she saw the way he looked. He was a complete mess. He looked sick, his face flushed and eyes sunken in.
“Why are you here?” Talia said as she wiped her face with a tissue.
Emerson walked over to her bed and sat down beside her, and he touched her face.
“I don’t want this to be over,” he begged. “Please explain to me what happened in your dad’s office to change things this much to make you this upset.”
“Emerson, please, can we not do this. The more you know, the more we drag this out, the harder it will be to see each other at work.”
“Please talk to me. I have to understand,” he asked, and she could see the pain in his face and hear it in his voice.

“Emerson, nothing has changed, it’s the same thing that it has been from the beginning. I lost myself in you along the way. I can’t do this. I can’t be caught up in all these lies. You are so many different people and that might be okay for you, but I can’t do this. I can’t be just another assistant that you screw until you have had enough of me. I can’t be the girl that sleeps with my teacher or my boss. I am not like that; I can’t stand girls like that, I can’t be a hypocrite. I tell my dad I hate him for the things he has done, to find a man just like him and be one of those girls. No — I can’t do it. I won’t. I really want to be with you; I care about you, every side of you. The poet, the teacher, the overprotective guy that punched Jeff out to defend me. I like my boss who is controlled and determined. I like the man who took me home from the bar but wouldn’t have sex with me while I was drunk. I like that when you kiss me; you make me feel wanted and special. But I can’t be with you and hate myself, it will never work,” she cried.
Emerson crawled into the bed with her and wrapped his arms around her and let her cry on his chest.
“I don’t want to be the reason you hate yourself. I don’t want to do this to you, but I don’t want to lose you.” He kissed her head gently. “Talia, you are not just another assistant. You mean so much to me. I hope you know that is true.”
“I am sure every one of the other girls thought that they were special, too,” she sniffled.
“Maybe they did, but I never told them I wanted them or cared about them. I have a past. I can’t change that, but it doesn’t mean that what I feel for you isn’t real. I have never wanted something more than I want to be with you.”
Talia cried harder into his chest. “Why are you doing this to me? I think you should go.”
He pulled her on top of him and he lay down on her bed and wrapped his arms so tight around her.
“Please, just let me hold you,” he whispered in her ear as he rubbed her back and she melted into him. Talia cried until she fell asleep in his arms. She knew that he would not let her go and she couldn’t resist her pull to him, but she had to do the right thing.

When Talia woke up, Emerson was gone, and she was alone in her bed. She took a deep breath and braced herself for a really hard day. She had a long, hot shower and put herself together. She put on her makeup and found a nice blue pant suit that went along with her depressed mood. Talia walked downstairs to find Brianne in shorts and a tank top eating a bowl of cereal at the breakfast bar.
“Hey hun, how are you feeling this morning?” Brianne asked, smiling with sympathy at Talia’s attempt to hold it together. “He stayed the night. I thought maybe you two fixed things.”
“No, he just wouldn’t leave. He is going to make this so much harder. I don’t know how I am going to do this. If I didn’t actually like my job so much, I think I would quit,” Talia said, and she opened the fridge to select a yogurt. She leaned on the counter after she fished around for a spoon in the drawer. “I don’t even know what this is between us; I mean, I don’t know if it’s just heat or if it’s more. I mean, I know what I feel for him and he tells me he wants me, but what does that mean?” Talia huffed and rolled her eyes, pouting as she ate her yogurt.
“You haven’t slept with him. That’s why he won’t let you go. You still have something he wants. He has only had a taste; he wants all of you. He is a man, Talia, it’s the way they work. If you had sex with him already, he would probably have let you go,” Brianne said, scrunching her nose.
“That’s just so sad,” Talia said. “I can’t end a relationship with sex. That would just make me hate myself more. I don’t think I could get over him.”
“I am not saying you should do that; I am just saying that’s why he doesn’t want to let you go.” She shrugged her shoulders. “I believe he cares about you.”
“Well, I have to go to work, wish me luck,” Talia said as she walked out of the kitchen.

Talia walked into work. She put her bags down and turned on her computer. Then she went into Emerson’s office to give him his coffee and go over his schedule for the day.
“Hi Mr. Rose, here is your coffee, and you have a meeting with your father at ten. Do you need me to sit in on it and take notes?” Talia asked in a soft, polite voice.
Emerson looked up at her, at a loss for words; he was a mess, she could see it all over his face, he looked like she felt, like hell. They were quite a pair. His shirt was wrinkled he didn’t have on a tie. He was unshaven, and his eyes had dark circles around them. “Emerson, you look sick. Did you not sleep at all?” she asked, concerned.
“No, I just held you and watched you sleep. I couldn’t sleep knowing that was the last time I was going to hold you,” he whispered. That made her insides hurt. That was the most amazing thing she had ever heard, and it broke her heart. “I can meet with my father on my own, but can you get the paperwork faxed over to your father’s office this morning so he can sign it and then we can get going on this account?” he asked as he was looking at paperwork on his desk as if looking at her caused him pain.
“Yes, of course,” Talia muttered, trying to hold back her emotions.
Talia left his office and got the papers faxed off. It was a long, uncomfortable day, but she made it through and by the next day, Emerson seemed better and he was talking to her like he did before. They worked together, finalizing everything for her father’s account. They were such an excellent team; they worked very well together. It was so natural being around each other. Talia was hurting and so was he, but working together and having a professional relationship was better than not having any contact at all, or at least that’s what they told themselves.

Talia and Brianne both got ready for Montgomery Industries Campaign party. Brianne slipped into her long, black satin gown and Talia zipped her up.
“You look beautiful. Shane is a lucky man,” Talia giggled as she pinned Brianne’s blonde hair up.
“There, now even your hair is perfect.”
Just then, the doorbell rang. “That must be Shane,” Brianne smiled as she left the room.
Talia put on her dress, grabbed her purse and went downstairs.
“Wow Talia, you look amazing,” Brianne said, smiling as Talia walked down the stairs in a Champaign colored strapless dress that fit to her every curve, showing off her hourglass figure. The dress had lace on the bust and down to the waist, but the bottom of the dress was just satin, and it had a long slit up her right leg. It showed off her sexy gold shoes, the straps wrapped around her calf. She had her long, dark hair in loose curls and pinned to one side, her makeup was done in golds which made her green eyes stand out.
Talia walked down the stairs and smiled. “Thank you.”
“Poor Emerson, you’re breaking his heart and now you are flaunting yourself at him,” Shane said.
She was shocked and didn’t know what to say. She wasn’t meaning to be a tease; she had to dress up for the party, and she would not stop being herself to make things easier on Emerson.
“Oh whatever, it’s not like he is going to make himself less attractive to make things easier on me,” she huffed.
“Talia, I know we don’t know each other all that well and I know Emerson has a reputation for being a lady’s man. But I have been his friend for a long time, and I have seen a lot of women go after him, but I have never seen him go after a woman. I have never seen him like this ever, so please be nice to him,” he said with a soft warm smile. “For what it’s worth, he really cares about you.”
She shook her head, and she hugged Brianne goodbye as she and Shane were meeting them at the party.
She went through her bag and made sure she had everything together for the presentation when her doorbell rang. She answered the door to find Emerson standing there in a black three-piece suit with a black shirt and blue tie. His hair was perfectly in place. His face was shaven and smooth, and he smelled amazing. He met her eyes, and they both smiled and stared at each other for far too long before she invited him inside.
He stood in the hallway and looked at her feet and up her sexy leg that was exposed by the slit in her dress. He drank in the beauty of her curvy body. His eyes made their way up to her full round breasts that sat perfect in her dress with just the right amount of cleavage exposed. He looked at her hair curled around her face, and then he was lost when his eyes met hers again.
“Hi,” Talia smiled up at him, almost shaking. He looked so handsome. She didn’t know how they were going to make it through the night. “Emerson, you look fantastic; you’re going to win everyone over tonight.”
Emerson touched her hand and pulled her into his arms; his one hand touched her face as the other one softly slid down the small of her back. She shuddered with excitement; she loved being in his arms, and she was so lost to his alluring scent that it made her mouth water. But his eyes, those dark blue marbles, were burning with lust and his look made her quiver. “You look incredible.” He swallowed hard. “Absolutely stunning,” he moaned as he pressed her in close to him.
“I think you’re torturing me and that’s okay at least I get to look at you all night,” he whispered in her ear and his fiery breath hit her neck and made her tingle everywhere.
“We better get going,” Talia breathed in deep and she pressed her hands to his chest and she pushed him away. It caused them both so much pain.

Talia and Emerson walked into the Montgomery home. They were greeted by Shelia, who looked stunning in a blue gown that matched her eyes and showed off her perfect Barbie doll body. Talia watched as Emerson shook Shelia’s hand and looked into her eyes as he talked to her, his eyes never once looked at Shelia’s breasts, but she caught him glancing at hers a few times. It kind of made her feel good.
“Mrs. Montgomery, you have a beautiful home,” he said, as he looked around the almost-mansion, he was standing in.
“Oh, thank you Mr. Rose, we are very fond of it,” Shelia giggled. “Shall we go into the living room? The limo won’t be here for a little while.”
Shelia led the way into the living room where Kami was playing. Kami saw Talia, and she got up off the couch and ran over to give her big sister a hug.
“Tally, guess what?” Kami said, bursting with excitement.
“What?” She asked, looking at her little sister with a cheerful expression on her face.
“Daddy gave me a camera so I can be a photoograypher,” Kami laughed with excitement and she ran and got her camera from her toy shelf and she brought it back to show her sister. “Look, it’s a real camera, can I take your picture? You look very beautiful tonight.”
“Of course, you can take my picture,” Talia said, posing for her sister while she snapped shots.
Kami walked over to Emerson and smiled up at him. “Hello, I am Kami Lynn Montgomery and who are you, sir?” She asked him with a serious expression.
He got down to Kami’s level so he could look into her big, green eyes. “Hello, Kami Lynn Montgomery, it’s nice to meet you. I am Emerson Ryan Rose.” He smiled, and she shook his hand.
“Are you Tally’s date?” Kami asked, smiling.
“Yes, I am her date for the party tonight,” he said, smiling at her.
Harrison walked into the living room and he kissed Talia on the cheek, and he picked up Kami in his arms and shook Emerson’s hand.
“Good evening, Mr. Rose, welcome to my home,” he said in his professional voice.
“Your home is beautiful, thank you for having me,” Emerson said politely.
“Can I get you a drink while we wait for the limo?” Harrison asked as he put Kami down and he walked over to the bar and started pouring himself a glass of scotch.
“Oh yes, thank you,” Emerson breathed.
Talia and Emerson took a seat on the couch and her father handed Emerson a glass of scotch and he handed Talia a glass of wine. Shelia and Harrison sat on the other couch and they all chatted. Kami sat on Talia’s lap and smiled up at her and at Emerson.
“Can I take your place and go with Emerson to the party?” Kami asked, giggling.
Talia laughed, and she hugged her sister. “I am sorry, honey, but I want to go to this party. I think I am going to have fun and I have to work,” Talia smiled.
“She must like you Emerson she always says I can take her place when Trevor is her date,” Kami giggled. “I think it’s because you’re hot, Trevor doesn’t say much and his chin looks like a bum.”
Both Talia and Emerson laughed.
“Well, thank you Kami, I think you are a beautiful little girl and very smart,” Emerson smiled at her.
“Thank you.”
“I would really like to go to the party. Please, Daddy?” She asked, turning and looking at her father.
“No honey, you can’t come to this party but you’re going to have your own party in a few weeks,” Harrison reminded her, and her face lit up with a smile and she turned and looked at Emerson.
“Emerson, will you be my date to my birthday party?” Kami asked with a big, excited smile on her face.
Emerson looked at Talia and then at Harrison for help. He didn’t know what to say to the little girl.
“Kami, you are far too young to have a date, but you can invite Emerson to come as a guest to your party.” Harrison laughed.
“Yes, Kami, I would love to come to your birthday party. Talia will let me know when it is.” He smiled at her.
“Great! Now can I take your picture?” she asked, holding up her camera as she jumped off Talia’s lap. “Get close together, I want a picture of the both of you,” she said, gesturing with her hands what she wanted them to do.
“She is very demanding,” Emerson whispered to Talia.
“Tell me about it.” Talia laughed as she moved close to Emerson, and Kami started snapping pictures before they were even ready. Harrison called for the nanny to come and take Kami to bed, and they all left for the party once the limo arrived.
Harrison and Emerson talked business on the way to the party while Shelia and Talia whispered to each other.

The Campaign party was a very formal affair; hundreds and hundreds of people attended. Talia really enjoyed being there with Emerson. It was such a pleasant change from Trevor, who just wanted arm candy. Emerson respected her thoughts and opinions, and he enjoyed listening to her talk. They had fun, and they talked with her father and Shelia, Brianne and Shane. They all enjoyed the party together.
Harrison watched the way Emerson looked at his daughter, the way he held her hand and introduced her to people, and in that moment, he realized what Talia had been saying about Trevor. Emerson respected Talia and knew how smart she was, and he wanted to show her off. Harrison saw the way Talia handled herself around Emerson; he brought out her mature side. He pushed her and made her want to be the best that she could be at her job. Harrison was pleasantly surprised with the way the evening went on and he was very proud of his daughter for the presentation Emerson and Talia gave about what would come in the future.
Harrison stood beside John Rose and they both watched their children become the professional people they always wanted them to be.
Emerson and Talia’s presentation was flawless; they had their information down pat, and they answered questions with ease. They were not nervous at all up there together. As a team, they were perfect. The heat between them only made their presentation more sizzling and people bought it.
“Mr. Montgomery, your daughter is amazing. Since she has been working for my son, he has done a 180; his work has been flawless, not sloppy like it used to be. I am very pleased with how nicely having her on our team has worked out,” John said in a deep voice as he took a sip of whiskey and eyed Harrison.
“I, too, am very pleased with how things are working out. Talia has learned a lot since she has been working for your company, and I think Emerson is the reason. They work really well together, and their collaboration is going to be helping both our businesses.” Harrison smiled, and they both raised their glasses to their arrangement.

Emerson took Talia by the hand and led her off the stage as her father got up to say a few words. Harrison talked about how amazing the presentation was and how he couldn’t wait to get things started and how he was looking forward to working with Emerson and Talia as a team.

Emerson, Shane, John and Harrison were talking while the ladies were sitting at the table drinking and chatting. A good-looking blonde-haired man took a seat beside Talia.
“That was a very interesting presentation.” The man leaned in close to her and held out his hand to shake hers. “I am James Vowel, I work at Light the Rose also, but I have never seen you there before, I guess Emerson is keeping you all to himself.”
“Hello, I am Talia Thorn, it’s nice to meet you,” Talia said as she looked at Emerson who was across the room talking to her father, but their eyes met.
“Emerson,” Harrison snapped and caught his attention he turned and looked at him.
“Yes, sir.”
“Emerson,” Harrison put his arm around his shoulder, and they walked towards the bar. “Do you see that man talking to my daughter?”
“Yes, I saw, and I know who he is. He works at my father’s company,” Emerson admitted. He didn’t even look back; he didn’t want to watch another man hit on Talia when he couldn’t do anything to stop it.
“I don’t like men I don’t know fraternizing with my daughter. I believe she is your date this evening. Do you think you could take care of him for me?” Harrison asked in a serious voice.
“Yes, of course, sir,” Emerson complied.

Emerson walked over to the table and Talia saw him coming. She felt relieved. He walked in front of James and looked into her eyes as he held out his hand for hers.
“Dance with me,” he demanded in a soft lustful purr. The look in his eyes made her mouth water. She couldn’t deny him anything. She bit her bottom lip and looked at him, confused. How could they dance in a room with both their fathers there?
“Emerson?” she said his name with desire, but she was afraid.
He bent down and whispered in her ear, “Your father gave me his permission to take you away from this man. You don’t know the pleasure this is giving me right now.”
She looked up and his gaze met hers and she smiled, took his hand and they walked past James as if he didn’t exist. He led her to the dance floor where the song All of me by John Legend played. He held her gaze as if no one else was in the room; she was in his arms and it was as if nothing else mattered. He spun her around the room, and she laughed and trembled when his hands touched her in all the right spots.
“You drive me crazy; do you know that?” She whispered in his ear as she ran her fingers through his hair, and she made sure her breath lingered on his neck.
“Oh honey, I have been insane for a month,” he purred. He pulled her in close, ran his fingers down her back and softly kissed her neck as he spun her around so no one could see. His gentle kiss, his soft breath mixed with his scent and the power in his touch made her ache for him. Something she had never felt before, a pull so strong. As she looked into his eyes, her heart ached and that’s when she knew.
“Emerson, the song is over, but you’re still holding me,” she whispered in his ear, holding back her tears.
“I never want to let you go,” he groaned, and she pushed him away.
Michael Jackson’s The Way You Make Me Feel came on the stereo and his face lit up with a smile and he grabbed her hand and spun her around. “I believe this is our song, Ms. Thorn,” he purred in her ear and she laughed. It was the song from their blind date; they danced until her father came on the dance floor and walked over to them.
“Is it time to go?” Talia asked, looking up at her father, trying to hold back her frown.
“Shelia and I are leaving, but you two are having fun. You can stay. I will send the limo back for you,” Harrison said, and he kissed Talia on the cheek and shook Emerson’s hand. “I trust Mr. Rose will be a gentleman and not let a thing happen to one hair on your head.”
“Yes, of course, sir.”
“My father never lets me stay without him, ever,” she muttered to herself softly. “You must have made a fantastic impression.”
“I don’t really care what your dad or my dad wants. All I care about is what you want,” he said, looking into her eyes. He really cared what she wanted, it wasn’t about anyone or anything else but her and him. Those were the words she had been waiting to hear her entire life, not “I love you” but “All I care about is what you want.” No one had ever cared about what she wanted and now, for the first time, someone did.
“Emerson,” she sighed and looked away from him she had to prevent herself from throwing herself at him.

They both continued to mingle and talk to people about business and the account. The whole time, their eyes never left each other.
Talia was deep in conversation with Brianne when Emerson came up behind her and whispered in her ear. “Can I get you a drink?”
“No, thank you.” Talia shivered. The feel of his body pressed up again her back turned her on. “I think I am ready to go,” Talia turned and looked into his eyes and she held his gaze. He looked disappointed; he didn’t want the night to end. He breathed in deep and shook his head. He didn’t convince her to stay he just smiled and agreed it was time to leave.
Talia hugged Brianne goodbye and then she took Emerson’s hand and they made their way out of the building to where the limo was waiting for them.

Emerson sat beside her, and he touched her hand gently as he looked at her face. He looked at her eyes, her perfect skin and at her lips. He was longing to kiss them again. She could feel him watching her, and it caused her heart to beat faster. She couldn’t do it; she wasn’t strong enough. The more she gave into him, the harder it was going to be to let go. But she had to; she had to give into him so he could let her go. 
Talia turned and looked into his eyes and she moved in close to him and she touched his face. He could see the pain in her eyes.
“Talia,” he breathed out in a low rusty voice that sent a shiver through her body.
She pressed her finger to his lips, and she moved on top of him, straddling him in-between her legs, and she touched his hair with her fingers. She touched his face, tracing every inch of his perfect jaw, engraving it into her memory. She brought her mouth just above his and she hovered for a moment, breathing in his scent. Creating more heat between them, she made him wait before she pressed her lips to his, kissing him tenderly, emotionally, kissing him softly. Then, her tongue explored his mouth with a passion and desire that had no end in sight. Emerson wrapped his arms around her body and held onto her so tight as he met her kiss, massaging her tongue with his, making her moan and damp between her legs. He was the only man who had ever turned her on so easily with just a kiss. She rubbed her sex against his very hard erection and she took pleasure in knowing she turned him on just as much. He grabbed her hips and rocked into her, rubbing them together, making them moan. Talia kissed his neck, letting her breath linger with each kiss, making his neck tingle. He whispered in her ear, “Talia, what are you doing to me?” He groaned like he was in pain.
“I can’t help myself. I just want you so badly,” she breathed into his mouth, kissing him. “I want to go home with you.” He looked into her confused eyes. “Please, I need this as much as you do,” she looked into his eyes with desire and affection and he couldn’t deny her what they both wanted.

Chapter 15


Emerson unlocked the door to his condo and Talia pushed him inside, kicking the door closed behind her. She jumped around him, wrapping her legs around him, owning his mouth with her kiss. He carried her to the couch and gently put her down.
“Can I keep you all night?” he asked her with a hint of hope in his voice.
“Yes,” she swallowed hard as she looked up at him and blinked. She didn’t care what her father would do, she was lost in the moment of lust.
“I’ll be right back,” he walked into the bathroom and came back a few minutes later.
Talia was looking out the sliding glass door into the city when she heard music come on the stereo. Before she could turn around, he was behind her. He spun her around and touched her face and looked into her eyes, kissing her passionately. A kiss that told her he needed her, no one else, just her. She pulled his jacket from his body and threw it on the floor. She had never been so eager or demanding in her life, but she wanted him, and she didn’t want to wait.
He wanted to take his time with her; he wanted to make her scream and moan repeatedly, and he wanted them to be entwined as one. But his desire was so strong he picked her up and she wrapped her legs around him, kissing his mouth as he grabbed her ass. He pressed her up against the glass doors, holding her up with the weight of his body pressed against hers. Emerson separated his lips from hers and she groaned, not wanting him to stop kissing her. But when he kissed down her neck, she purred, he caressed her ass with his hand and worked his way up her body, gently squeezing her round full breasts. He kissed down her neck, kissing her cleavage, and he gently pulled down her dress so he could get at her perfect little nipples. He tugged on her nipple with his lips and she quivered. He lapped his tongue over her nipples, one at a time, and then sucked long and hard, causing noises to escape from her mouth, noises she didn’t know she could make. Talia kissed his neck, and she wrapped her legs around him, feeling his hard erection through his pants rubbed up against her silky wet slit.
“I want you so much, you smell and taste amazing, I need you,” he moaned as he lowered her down the glass of the door and her feet touched the ground. He reached his hand between her legs through the slit of her dress and cupped her sex over her panties. “Mine, please tell me. Tell me you’re mine.”
“I am yours,” she cried out. “Just rip them off,” she pleaded.
“As you wish.” He hooked his finger into the string of her thong and he gave it a little pull and it snapped and he threw them behind him. He kissed her mouth, licking and sucking at her tongue. She whimpered when his hand touched in-between her legs and she parted them for him. His fingers slid up and down her slit, she was like silk and he moaned into her mouth.
“Oh, you’re so wet.”
“That’s what you do to me,” she purred as his fingers felt so good.
His skilled fingers circled her clitoris, and they found other places that made her scream out in pleasure. Each spot that he touched felt good. She moaned, and he paid close attention before moving back to her clitoris. Talia’s body was shaking, and she moaned as his finger slid inside her body and a whimper escaped her mouth.
“You’re so tight baby I have to loosen you up or I will never fit inside you,” he breathed in her ear. His words turned her on even more; she was so excited about that moment when he would finally be inside her.
“Oh, that feels good,” she moaned as he played with her clitoris at the same time as his fingers were thrusting in and out of her center. Talia’s body shook and those warm fuzzy feelings of pleasure shook her insides and she came and screamed out in pleasure and her body continued to shake.
“You’re still not ready for me,” he moaned as his fingers glided in and out of her. He dropped to his knees and lifted her leg over his shoulder, and he parted her open with his hands. Her scent drove him wild but as turned on as he was, he was more focused on her pleasure. His tongue lapped over her clitoris and he licked and sucked up the results of her recent orgasm. The sensations of his sucking made her body shake, and she cried out as she climaxed again. He was impressed with himself; he had only been down there for a minute and she came that fast. But he knew she was still too tight to fit him. He eagerly spread her farther apart, and he licked her all over from slit to clit and she cried out with pleasure she could barely handle.
“It’s too much,” she screamed, and she pulled at her hardened nipples, trying to get relief. He licked her relentlessly repeatedly and his finger slid in her center, finding her g-spot and she screamed as he hit all her sensitive spots and she had no control. Her body trembled and shook beyond belief. The pleasure came from every cell in her body and vibrated repeatedly. She screamed and tears escaped her eyes as the rippling orgasm took over and she lost herself.
She was gasping for air and she couldn’t feel her legs. If he wasn’t holding her up, she would have fallen to the ground. She wrapped her arms around his neck.
“Are you ready for me?” He asked, looking into her already exhausted eyes.
“Yes,” she gasped.
“I don’t want you to do anything to make you hate yourself.”
“I will hate myself even more if I never get to feel you inside me,” she admitted, looking deep into his eyes, and he knew that was honestly how she felt. “Now Emerson, please.”
Emerson undid his pants and pulled a condom out of his pocket, and he ripped it open to put it on. He wanted to take his time with her; he wanted to take her to his bed and have her legs wrapped around him, but both their desires were so strong they couldn’t make it up the stairs. It had to be at that moment.
He moved in close to her, and he kissed her lips. “I have never been so happy. I can’t explain the way I feel when I am with you. I need you, Talia.” He parted her legs, and he moved her dress out of the way. He touched her slit with the head of his hard length and he slid up and down, increasing both their desires before slowly entering her center.
Emerson looked into her eyes as he was entering her body. He was slow and gentle as he didn’t want to hurt her. She was so tight he slowly slid in and out of her, pushing in a little further each time, only giving her what she could handle. It was hot and passionate but slow and intense for both of them. They were both fully clothed because it would have wasted valuable time to get undressed. Emerson was losing control. His desire for her was so strong he didn’t know how long he would last. He was mad at himself; normally he was very slow and would have taken his time, but with her he couldn’t control himself.
“Talia, oh Talia, you feel so—oh...” He moaned with pleasure, but the noises that escaped her lips were not the same. He looked at her face and her eyes told him she was in pain. He touched her face and slowed his rhythm.
“Don’t stop,” she cried, wrapping her legs around him pushing him so far in, she screamed out in pain.
“Talia, I am hurting you,” he slowed down to stop.
“Please,” she hissed through swollen lips. “Don’t stop.”
She clenched him inside her, and he picked up her legs and pushed her up against the glass door. Her heels dug into his ass and it turned him on so much. He couldn’t hold back any longer, his body trembled, and he screamed out her name as he exploded inside her, Talia moaned and was breathing heavily. He touched her face and looked into her lost eyes.
“I am so sorry. I normally can last longer, it’s just you are so tight and felt so good.” He kissed her lips. “You didn’t finish. Was this bad? Did I hurt you?” Emerson was so worried about her.
Never in his life had he worried he wasn’t good enough, but he was worried this time. Perhaps it was because she didn’t scream out in pleasure or, perhaps; it was because she meant so much more to him than any other woman did before. He kissed her lips and touched her face, trying to read her to find out what she was feeling.
“I am good, this was amazing,” she moaned and smiled. Talia kissed him, wrapping her arms around his neck.
He held her in his arms for a few moments before he pulled out of her and a gasp of relief escaped her, and she fell to the floor once he wasn’t holding her up anymore.
“Talia,” he gasped and grabbed her, swooping her up in his arms, and he placed her down on the couch. “Honey, are you alright?” He asked so concerned.
She was so tired and out of breath, but she smiled. “I just can’t feel the lower half of my body yet,” she said with a little giggle and he kissed her mouth, smiling as he looked into her eyes.

Chapter 16


Emerson went to remove the condom, and he noticed blood. Then he looked down at her legs and she had blood on her thighs.
“Talia, are you on your period?” he asked with concern.
“No, why?” she asked, confused.
“You’re bleeding.” He pointed to her legs with a worried look on his face.
Talia gasped and got up to go to the bathroom. As she moved, she felt pain, and she gasped out loud.
“Talia, is something wrong? Did I rip you? Are you hurting?”
Emerson was going crazy inside his mind; he was in physical pain thinking he hurt her. This was supposed to be the best night of their lives. She was not supposed to be in pain.
“No really, I am fine. Just a little tender,” she moaned and walked to the bathroom slowly.
Talia let out a little cry when she went to pee, and it burned. She cleaned herself up and washed her hands and came out of the bathroom. To find him sitting on the couch. His tie was off, his shirt undone, and he had a very disturbed look on his face when he looked up at her.
“Are you okay?” he asked, concerned.
“Yes, I am fine.” She walked over to him and sat down beside him, and he wrapped his arms around hers and he held her for a few moments and then he looked into her eyes.
“Talia, please tell me you have had sex before?” His expression broke her heart and the tone in his voice gave her chills. She swallowed hard, holding back her tears, and she shook her head.
“What?” He stood up and looked down at her. “How is that possible? You are like the sexiest woman I have ever met? You wear thongs and you kiss your best friend and you gave me the best blow job I have ever had. You have a fucking Brazilian, how on earth were you still a virgin?” he snapped.
“Because I never had sex before.” She shrugged her shoulders. “Emerson, this changes nothing. I am still me.”
“Like hell it doesn’t change things. Oh my god,” He paced back and forth. “Fuck, I just deflowered Harrison Montgomery’s daughter,” he huffed, running his fingers through his hair.

In the moment he said those words, Talia’s body ached. It was about him. He turned into every guy that she had ever turned down. It didn’t matter what he would have said next; he had already broken her heart and ruined what should have been a very special moment in her life. She was still a virgin at twenty-four because every guy she ever dated didn’t pay any attention to her. No one ever made her feel the way Emerson did. Until that moment, he made her feel special, wanted and cared for, but then everything changed.

Emerson was so mad that he didn’t know she was a virgin. If he had known, he would have taken his time and been gentle and laid her down in his bed. He was furious with himself. “Talia, why didn’t you tell me?”
“I didn’t want to ruin the moment,” she whispered, looking down at the floor, holding back her tears.
“What virgin lets her boss screw her up against a window?”
Talia jumped up with anger. She looked deep into his eyes and tears rolled down her face.
“Thank you so much for making this night so fucking special,” she screamed at him as she went to the kitchen and she grabbed her purse.
“Talia, I am so sorry. Please stop, don’t go, I am just mad at myself,” he said in a hoarse voice as if he was in pain. He walked up to her and touched her hand, but she pulled away from him.
“You are not allowed to touch me,” she cried, her lips quivering. “This is me calling in sick for tomorrow.” She fixed her dress, and she and walked to the door. “And for the record, that virgin that let her boss screw her up against a window was in love with you. Mission accomplished; screwed another assistant and broke my heart all in the same night. Wow, can’t believe Clara was right, kicked to the fucking curb like a piece of trash.” Talia slammed the door behind her.

Emerson was a mess; he hated himself for what he did to Talia, for what he said to her. He fucked up so bad and he didn’t know what to do to fix it. He couldn’t take back what had been done. It had taken him his entire life to find a woman as perfect as Talia was in every way, and he lost her because he was an asshole. Emerson spent all night drinking and hating himself after he chased her down the street, trying to convince her to stay, but she got into the car and left.
He was so broken; he sat there drunk, crying and holding her broken thong in his hand and he realized he just lost the love of his life. And, until that moment, he didn’t even realize that was what his pull to her was; he had been in love with her all along.
 He called her phone so many times, but she didn’t answer, so he called Brianne.
“Brianne, it’s Emerson.”
“Yeah, I know. It’s three in the morning, dude.”
“I fucked up real bad,” he cried on the phone.
“Oh my god, how bad?”
“Unbearably bad, probably hurt her more than anyone ever has. I didn’t mean to. I didn’t know, I was in shock and I said things I didn’t mean to say. Please check on her, I need to know she is okay. I need your help I have to fix this.”
“Why should I help you?” She snapped.
“Because I am in love with her,” Emerson whispered.

Chapter 17


Emerson hung up his phone, and as he was sitting in the living room, he noticed Talia left her work bag behind. He knew he shouldn’t touch her things, but he couldn’t help himself. He opened up her bag, fished around for her iPad and turned it on once he had it. His big thumb hit the video button by accident and the video from Talia’s birthday party came on.
His heart broke even more watching her on the screen talking about what she wanted him to do to her. He wanted to make her happy, not cry. He was broken inside. He had ruined the best thing that had ever happened to him.

Brianne walked into Talia’s bedroom in the middle of the night to find her in the en-suite bathroom soaking in a bubble bath and bawling so hysterically that she was gasping for air. Brianne sat on the floor beside the bathtub, and she held her best friend’s hand as she cried. Brianne didn’t know what to do. She had never seen Talia so messed up before.
“So, he called you?” She said when she had finally caught her breath, wiping her face and looking at her best friend.
“Yes, he was crying on the phone. Said he fucked up terribly, and that he lost you. He says he has to get you back because he is in love with you.”
Talia put her head in her hands and cried harder.
“He was crying?” She finally managed when her sobs slowed. Talia inhaled in a sharp breath. “Good, I hope he chokes on his tears,” she hissed. “You know what he said to me?” She shook her head and looked at her best friend. “He asked me what virgin screws her boss up against a window. He made me feel like I was disgusting. I mean, I know he is right, but I can’t believe he called himself my boss. I just feel so dirty. What a waste.”
“Was the entire experience bad?” Brianne asked.
“No, it was great actually. I mean, the sex part was uncomfortable, but the overall experience was fantastic. Until it was over, and he saw the blood and freaked out. I guess that’s my fault for not telling him I was a virgin, but I didn’t know it was such a big deal. This is so horrible. I can’t believe I had sex for the first time with my boss, and then he yelled at me. I am worse than my mother.”
“Stop this crap about being like your mom and dad. Talia, your mom and dad clearly loved each other or else they wouldn’t have snuck around for so many years. Yes, their relationship started wrong—your father was married, but people do crazy things when they are in love. Your judgment can be clouded. Fear can also make people do crazy things, too. Like Emerson was probably terrified he hurt you, so he said things he didn’t mean. Talia, stop judging yourself based on your parents. Stop trying to be who you think you should be and just be who you are.”

Talia spent all day Friday in bed crying Brianne brought her up a box that was delivered and she opened it up. There was a note, and it read:

Talia
I am so sorry
I need you 
This is my newest book, 
I really hope you enjoy
Love,
Emerson

Talia opened Emerson’s new book of poetry: the title was ‘Thorns Around My Heart’ and the picture was, just as fitting, thorns wrapped around a heart. Just the cover made her cry.
She opened the book and read the dedication.

I dedicated this book to you, my beautiful thorn. I have been pricked and will never be the same. Every secret moment I share with you is beyond beautiful. This is fate!

Talia ran her fingers over the dedication, unsure of how she felt about it. She quickly flipped to a few other pages, before she composed herself with a steadying breath.
She ended up reading a few of the poems as tears fell down her face, a sense of peace enveloping her. She knew somewhere in her heart that the poems were for her and her alone. It didn’t take away her pain, but it made her feel better to have some confirmation that what he felt about her was real. She was something that mattered to him, and even if it was just for a short time, at least she had mattered once.
Rose
A rose alone is beauty
But it is nothing without its stem and thorns to protect it.
A rose is pure and honest
But it will wilt and wither without the protection of its thorns,
A rose means love
But it has no meaning when it falls from its stem into pieces.
I am but a rose
I am nothing without my love, my thorn, my everything.
My heart is unprotected.

Heart
You wear your heart on your sleeve for me to take as I please.
Now I am on my knees I didn’t know it was my time to go.
I gave you my heart such a long time ago, I just didn’t know.
I am yours and you are mine, no more failing.
No one gets left behind.

Need you
I needed to save you; I didn’t have a choice.
I needed to help you, I couldn’t hide
I needed to hold you because you cried
I needed to run and hide because I feared you would die
I needed to know you and now I do
I just need you

Perfection
Every touch is perfection
So soft so sweet,
Every look is perfection
So pure, so honest
Every kiss is perfection
So sensual, so seductive
Every moment is perfection
This is perfection
We are so imperfectly perfect

After hours of crying and going over everything in her mind repeatedly, she fell asleep and woke up late in the evening when her father called to check on her.
“Talia, are you okay? I spoke to John Rose today, and he said you were absent from work?” Harrison asked, his voice having taken on a dark and professional tone.
“Yeah, I have been sick in bed all day, I just woke up,” Talia groaned and stretched.
“Well, I will have some homemade soup made and brought over to you,” her father said. “You rest up and I will see you when you’re feeling better. I love you, sweetheart.”
“I love you too, Dad.”
Talia was feeling better after she hung up. So, she put on comfy clothes and made her way downstairs to find her kitchen table surrounded with every color of roses possible and every note had a different apology poem attached to it. It made her smile to know he was hurting, too. It made her feel better that she was worth at least enough for him to try, which meant something to her. Talia turned into the kitchen and on the counter were baskets of muffins, brownies, boxes of chocolates and even edible bouquets made of fruit.
Talia grabbed herself a bottle of wine and a plate full of treats and she went back up to her bedroom. Talia plopped in her bed munching on all her gifts and watched her flat screen TV that was mounted on the wall above the fireplace.
At about seven o’clock, she turned on her phone and checked all her work emails and responded to things that were important. She had twenty-seven messages from Emerson, but she only listened to a few of them. It was too much to take. Hearing his voice sound as broken as she felt made her sad all over again. She wanted to hate him so badly, but her heart ached for him.
He sent her a text, she breathed in sharp read it and waited a few minutes before she replied. 

My heart is broken, I am so sorry.
I would never mean to hurt you on purpose.
Please, just tell me you’re not physically hurt.
Please tell me you are okay.
My heart is broken, but I am not physically hurt.
How can I fix this?
I don’t know if you can.
The flowers, chocolates, and muffins change nothing.
I have to fix this.
Last night was goodbye Emerson.
Just let me go…
I knew you would break my heart. :(
Please, I will do anything? I need you;
I don’t want this to be over.
There isn’t anything you can do.
I am sorry I behaved the way I did I wasn’t mad at you. I was mad at myself.
Why?
Because you deserve everything, candles, flowers, slow intimate love making,
Not what you got. I am the biggest asshole in the entire world.
The sex wasn’t the issue. The way you treated me afterwards broke my heart.
I know, I take it all back a hundred times.
You should have spent the night in my arms happy and safe, not alone crying.
I will never forgive myself for what I have done to you.
I am also sorry I didn’t tell you I was a virgin.
But you wouldn’t have believed me if I had told you.
Can I call you I just need to hear your voice?
Umm
I don’t know……..
No, I can’t, I am sorry, this is too hard.
Are you coming to work Monday?
I don’t know yet.
Are you going to quit?
I don’t want to.
You need time?
Yes
This sucks so bad.
I want you to hold me, but you’re the one that hurt me.
I feel like I am going crazy.
What hurt the most? I need to understand.
“What virgin lets her boss screw her up against a window?”
Ouch, still stinging big time.
I wanted to end things with you because you are my boss.
Then you use the things I hate about our relationship against me to hurt me.
I don’t know if I have ever been so hurt.
You said, “I don’t want you to do anything that will make you hate yourself.”
How do you go from being so amazing to the biggest asshole?
You know I was a virgin because I wanted to be.
It was something I was proud of, and you made me feel like it was a bad thing.
You made me feel cheap and dirty.
One of the things I loved about us was how you made me feel, special.
But then you turned and made everything about you.
Just like every other asshole I ever said no to.
I regret everything I said last night. I didn’t mean it the way it came out.
Then what did you mean?
I was thrown off; I was in shock. Talia, you are a beautiful, sexy woman.
I was sad for you, and it all just came out wrong. The whole night went wrong.
The fact that you haven’t ever been with anyone else is amazing.
You are so special and I don’t deserve you.
You waited so long and I ruined everything, I am so sorry.
Why me?
Because you look at me like you really see me
Because you actually listen to me
Because you respect my thoughts and opinions
Because you make me feel special and wanted
Because you have this need to protect me
Because you are so passionate and intelligent
Because you teach me and make me feel amazing things
Because you were there when I was all alone
Because you saved my life and gave me hope
Because you are everything, I never knew I wanted,
Because you are my Angel
Because I loved you!
Loved?
You are everything I want in a man mixed with everything I wanted to stay away from.
But for whatever reason, I couldn’t stay away from you.
It seems like we are pulled to each other.
But yet everyone wants to keep us apart.
I knew we would never work out.
I think you need to let me go.
I can’t keep letting myself get hurt.

Talia sat there looking at her phone as tears rolled down her face, but he didn’t respond. Then her phone went off in her hand—it was him. She told him not to call, she didn’t want to talk to him. But she couldn’t help but answer her phone.
“Hello.”
“I am sorry for calling. I know you don’t want to talk to me, and you need time and space. But I can’t let you go because you are everything I want and need. I am so in love with you it hurts to not be with you. I couldn’t say that in a text, I should be telling you this face to face, but just in case I never get the chance… I wanted you to hear it from me. I am in love with you, Talia Thorn, and I have never loved a woman other than my mother and sisters. I have told no one that before, so I promise this is not something I take lightly.” His voice was low and rusty, like he was in as much pain as she was. She could hear the seriousness and honesty and feel the truth in his words.

Just then, there was a knock at the door and Shelia was standing there with a Tupperware of soup in her hands.
“Thank you for letting me know,” Talia said into the receiver, knowing he could probably hear the pain in her voice. “But I have to go. I can’t do this right now, Shelia just walked in.” She hung up the phone and she looked up at Shelia with tears in her eyes.
“Oh honey, you’re not sick, you’re heartbroken,” Shelia pouted for her friend and stepdaughter, she walked into Talia’s bedroom. She put the soup down on the nightstand and she crawled into bed with her, wrapping her arms around Talia.
“Talk to me, tell me what is going on with you,” Shelia said in a soft, sweet voice.
Talia didn’t talk for a minute, she just cried.
“You can’t tell my dad, okay?” Talia said, looking up at Shelia.
“Talia, I know it’s weird for you I married your father and I know that we are two very different women. But you are my friend and a part of my family and I love you and I want to see you happy. I would never break your trust. If I was worried about you, I would tell your dad to talk to you, but I promise your secrets are safe with me.”
“Oh, Shelia, I have just made a mess of everything. I have turned into everything I didn’t want to be,” Talia groaned as she wiped her tears away. “I am in love with my boss.”
“Oh, Talia, stop it. Why do you torture yourself so much? I know you are in love with your boss. It’s so obvious. I also know that he was the man that saved you when you were a little girl and then he was your teacher. So what? Why are you making such a big deal out of this? Talia, you are an adult and neither of you are married, so what he’s your boss. You have done nothing wrong,” Shelia breathed out and touched Talia’s hand. “You can’t help who you fall in love with. It’s not really a choice.”

In the end, Talia told Shelia everything. They spent hours chatting and munching on the treats that Emerson had sent to her.
“Oh, Talia honey, you are so worried about doing the wrong thing; and being a bad person that you are going to end up alone, and unhappy. He fucked up big time but you’re not perfect either, and like he said, he didn’t know you were a virgin. Hell, I have been your friend for years, and I didn’t know you were a virgin. I like the guy and he doesn’t give up on you. He has been chasing you for months and even now that you had sex, he still wants you. I believe he loves you.” Shelia shrugged her shoulders and gave her a closed-mouth smile. “A man doesn’t send a woman twelve dozen roses and chocolates and muffins to say sorry if she isn’t something special to him. I saw the way he looked at you last night, as if he had never even looked at another woman. He watched your every move; he brings out a brighter side of you. Do you want to let that go?”
“I don’t know what I want,” she said and then fell back on her bed and shook her head.
Brianne walked in to find them, and ended up joining them on the bed. Talia let Brianne read the messages between her and Emerson and she showed the girls the poetry book he dedicated to her. Shelia left after a while. Brianne and Talia ended up watching a movie, but Brianne fell asleep about halfway through.
Talia’s phone beeped and she checked her messages.

I am sorry, I shouldn’t have called.
You’re not doing a very good job of giving me time or space.
I know I am just going crazy here.
I am kind of a mess too.
What are you doing?
Lying in my bed with Bree.
I’m jealous.
But she is a sleep and I’m reading your book.
Do you like the book? It’s for you.
I love it, wish I could stop crying.
Please don’t cry.
I am going to go to sleep now; I am really tired.
I need to see you before we go back to work, please.
I’ll think about it. I’m really confused, but I miss you.
 Good night.
Good night, sweetheart.

Chapter 18


Talia woke up early Saturday morning and went for a run with her father because Sunday would not work for him. She was full of emotions; she was lost and confused about who she was and what she wanted. She was in love with Emerson—she knew that much. But even if she could bring herself to forgive him, she didn’t know what was going to happen. She was wound up so tight in a web of lies she didn’t know what was right and what was wrong. She started out working at Light the Rose to spite her father for making her take business in school when she didn’t want to. So, she refused to work for him, but it turned out she loved her new job and she was great at it. Talia didn’t know what she wanted to do with her life, but now that she was in marketing, she really liked it. She thought she could have a career in the field, after all. Who would have thought her father knew her better than she knew herself?

Talia ran hard, working up a good sweat and burning out some of her frustrations. She kept going back to Emerson, though. Her body ached for him; her heart ached for him and she hated the way things turned out. Talia missed him so much, and it had only been a day and they weren’t even really together. She knew she had to stop hating herself for what happened, and like Shelia had said, you can’t help who you fall in love with. Talia didn’t know how things were going to play out, but what she knew was that she couldn’t resist him. She couldn’t hold back -she was drawn to him. She had no control. Their connection was stronger than her will to stay away from him. She thought, was it fate? She shook her head. If it was fate, then why was everything so hard? Why couldn’t they just have a normal relationship? She knew she couldn’t quit her job; she had to help with the new account, and she really wanted to help him. Talia loved working with Emerson, and she loved the way her father was respecting her as an adult and as a professional. That was the reason she didn’t want to work for him. She didn’t just want to get a job based on her father. She wanted to earn her place and be good at something on her own merits. She had done that at Light the Rose. Even though her father had interfered, she had still proven herself as an excellent employee.
Talia got home from her run and went for a shower. After, she got dressed and went out with Shelia to the spa for some much-needed pampering.

Emerson woke up from a restless sleep to his lonely apartment. He had never realized how alone he was until he had finally found someone that he wanted to share his life with. Talia reminded him he was a strong, passionate, and intelligent man; he wasn’t the cold-hearted bastard that so many women and his father believed him to be. Talia opened him up from the dark little cave he hid in. She ignited a fire in his heart, and he knew he couldn’t handle it if the fire went out. He had to have her, somehow; he needed to fix things. He needed her more than he needed anything, and he wouldn’t stop until he made her his. The one thing he had been hiding from since his mother died was the one thing now that he couldn’t stay away from. He couldn’t handle the pain love caused, but Talia changed him—she changed everything.
After his mother passed away, he turned cold and changed, keeping people close but not close enough that they could hurt him, until Talia came into his life. He was completely lost to her. Anything and everything she wanted was important to him, and he had to let her know that. He had to save what they shared, he just had to try.

Talia sat in the chair at the spa beside Shelia while they were both getting a pedicure done. Talia’s phone went off and her heart skipped a beat until she realized it wasn’t Emerson.
“Hey, Bree. What’s up?”
“Oh, not much. I just finished my paper. It’s due Monday so now I will have the weekend free, I wanted to see if you needed me to stay home tonight for moral support.”
“No, I am okay. I wish you were here with us at the spa. I am so relaxed,” Talia moaned as she was getting a foot massage.
“I know. I would have gone if I didn’t have that paper to write but, I am really happy it’s done and over with. So, how are you feeling today?”
“I am feeling better,” Talia said with a sigh.
“Have you heard from him?”
“No, not today,” she replied.
“Do you want to hear from him?”
“Maybe. I don’t really know what I want. Yes, I guess I want to see him.”
“So how long are you going to be?”
“Probably a few of hours. We are getting our hair done and then a massage—why?”
“Just wanted to know when you would be home. Did you know our kitchen is full of flowers and muffin baskets?” Brianne laughed. “I wish every asshole that screwed me over sent me food.”
“Hey,” Talia groaned.
“Okay. I am sorry.”
“Are you staying at Shane’s tonight?” Talia asked with a smile on her face.
“I think so.”
“So, things are really going well for you two?”
“Yes, I really like him.”
“Okay, well. I love you hun, but I have to go for my massage.”
“Bye.”

Talia and Shelia spent the day getting pampered. Then, they did a little shopping and went out for lunch.
“Thanks, so much Shelia, this was such a great day; I feel so much better,” Talia said as she was eating her taco salad.
“I am glad,” Shelia muttered as she was texting on her phone. “It’s your dad. He said he is happy we are having a good day together and he is happy you are feeling better.”
Talia smiled as she sipped of her strawberry daiquiri, and shrugged. “Nothing a little retail therapy can’t fix,” Talia giggled. Her phone went off and she was hoping it was him, but it was just a girlfriend.
Shelia gave her a funny look. “It wasn’t him?”
“No, it’s just Mandy wanting me to go out dancing with her.” Talia sighed.
“You should go out, have some fun,” Shelia encouraged.
“I don’t think so. This was good for one day, I think. I will go home, clean my house, do some laundry, maybe do some writing or read a book.”
“Talia, we spent all day getting beautiful. You shouldn’t waste it on doing laundry. If you don’t want to go with your friend, then come out with your father and I tonight,” Shelia said as she was watching Talia go through her phone checking to see if she missed a message.
“I will think about it,” she said, putting her phone down.
“You know you can call him. You don’t have to wait for him to call you.”
“What? No, I am not calling him. I don’t have anything else to say. I asked him to give me time and he is.” She sighed and bit her lip. “Or maybe he realized I am not worth all this drama.”
“Oh, shut up, you are worth everything and if he is smart he knows it too,” Shelia said, smiling while giving a playful glare.

Talia walked into her house to find Shane and Brianne just getting ready to leave.
“Hey, you’re back.” Brianne smiled as she picked up her overnight bag and handed it to Shane to take to the car.
“Hey.” Shane smiled and waved at Talia as he walked out of her house.
“You look amazing,” she said with a hint of excitement as she pulled on Talia’s little yellow summer dress. “New dress, oh, and I like the hair, too.”
“Thanks. It’s fun, right? It’s nice and light for the summer.” Talia smiled back at them. “So, you’re off for the night?”
“Yes, so you’ll have the house all to yourself. I’ll be home late tomorrow evening,” Brianne said.
“You seem really happy today,” Talia replied.
“I am happy. I’m going to spend the weekend with my boyfriend, of course, I am happy. Okay, well I am going to go,” she said as she walked to the door. Then she turned around and looked at Talia. “Emerson sent more things for you. We had no room down here, so I put them in your bedroom. Hope that’s okay.”
Talia smiled at the thought.
“Call me if you need me to come home and I will be here in a heartbeat,” Brianne said, and with that she left.

Chapter 19


Talia walked up the winding staircase to the second level of her beautiful home and down the hall to her bedroom. She opened the door and walked inside to find her entire bedroom covered in red roses and glowing in candlelight. She was overwhelmed by the beautiful scent of the roses, and the candles cast a warm glow about the room. The TV was on low on a music channel playing love songs. Talia dropped her bags on the ground, and she looked at her bed covered in rose petals and tears pricked her eyes. She took a deep breath in as she stood alone in her glowing bedroom, looking at what would be her perfect fantasy. Just then, two strong arms wrapped around her and she could feel his hot naked chest on the bare parts of her back. Her body shivered. She was overwhelmed with love and confusion, but all she could think about was him touching her. For a moment, nothing mattered; not that he was her teacher or her boss, nor what had happened between them. All that mattered in that moment was that he was holding her.

Emerson seemed to waiver for a moment but didn’t back off. When he touched her and heard her moan, he knew all wasn’t lost—he still had a chance to make her feel how much he loved her. He just had to play his cards right and not screw it up this time. Then she would be his and all would be just right in his life.
Emerson ran his finger up and down her bare arm, causing goose bumps to form on her skin and make her body shake softly. He kissed her shoulder softly, leaving his hot breath on her skin that made her tingle in the center of her body and another moan escaped her mouth.
“Emerson?” She gasped as she could feel his smooth rock-hard body pressed against hers.
“Shush,” he whispered in her ear and he kissed down her neck. His kisses felt so nice she couldn’t help but shut her eyes and fall into his spell. “I had to try.” He breathed in deep, and then he pointed around to the bedroom décor.
“This is what you deserved. This is what your first time should have been like. It should have been beautiful and intimate, and I should have told you a hundred times how much I love you.”
His words made her gasp and tears pricked her eyes. “I love how honest you are and that you always just tell me how you feel.
I love that you’re compassionate and understanding.
I love your passion for writing, for poetry, for your work.
I love how you give 100% of yourself in everything you do.
I love that I can depend on you.
I love how you always seem to know what I need before I do.
I love how confident and how sure you are of yourself.
I love that you know you’re beautiful and that you’re not intimidated easily.
I love how encouraging and supportive you are with me.
I love how you make me feel like I am a strong passionate man who can do anything.
I love how strong and sensitive you are.
I love the way you see me, and I love how much you love me.
I love the way you smell and taste and feel.
I love waking up every day knowing I get to go to work to see your beautiful face.
I love how you make everything better just by being you.
I love that you have faith in me because no one else does.
I love everything about you, and I want to give you everything, I want to make all your fantasies a reality. Because I love you,” he purred in her ear and she couldn’t hold in the pleasure she felt from what he said to her.
Talia turned around so she could look into his eyes. She quivered with an odd mix of nervous excitement and confusion.
Emerson was standing there in nothing but black boxer briefs. Talia couldn’t help but check him out; he was so sexy from his perfect head of ink black hair right down to his feet. She met his eyes and she smiled shyly; he knew she was checking him out.

A part of Talia was mad. What, just because he was gorgeous and set up her room with flowers and candles and looked amazing, she was just supposed to forget everything that had already happened and give into his captivating eyes and let him have his way with her? Another part of her was overwhelmed with desire and love. She loved him and everything he said was perfect and the room was perfect, and she wanted him as much as he wanted her. Tears were spilling from her eyes and down her cheeks, but she had a smile on her face.
“Okay,” Talia moaned as his lips hovered over hers and she smelled the mint on his breath and felt how his hot breath tickled her lips. She wanted him to kiss her, oh how she loved the way his mouth felt on hers! He pulled away to look at her with a half-smile on his face and with confusion in his eyes. 
“Okay to what?” he asked. His voice was low and deep, like he was still in so much pain.
She moved in close to him, she needed to feel her body pressed up against his. 
“I cannot deny I am in love with you and since you love me too, okay, make love to me. Make my fantasies come true.”
Emerson smiled with love written all over his face. She was his, and even she couldn’t deny that. His smile quickly disappeared, and a look of determination came across his face as he gazed into her eyes. He touched her face as he looked into her eyes just as the anticipation drove them both wild. He pressed his lips to hers softly, waiting for her to meet his kiss before he got too excited. He had to tread carefully this time—he didn’t want to make any mistakes. He didn’t want to lose her again. He had to make her understand how much she meant to him. He had to have her trust and love, and he knew it was going to take them time to get to a place where they could both be happy together.

Emerson’s kiss was different. He was holding back out of fear and she could feel it. Talia kissed him with desire, trying to ignite the burning flame he normally had for her. Had things changed that much? She finally said yes. She was giving him what he wanted, what they both wanted, and yet he was still holding back.
Emerson thought she needed slow and sweet. As much as slow and sweet sounded nice, if the rest of the night was going to be the way he was kissing her, then her fantasy was going to stay just that—a fantasy. Talia pushed away, and he looked as shocked as she was by her own actions.
“I want you and I know you want me so don’t hold back. Don’t be somebody you’re not, just be you with me,” she said, looking up at him. “Kiss me like you mean it. Kiss me like you always do. Like it might be your last time, make me yours,” she demanded. Her voice was sharp, and her body language told him he better not disappoint her.
Talia looked into his lustful blue eyes and she saw the heat and the passion of the man she wanted so badly. She loved him so much she was willing to become someone she didn’t want to be just for him. She finally understood why her mother did what she did, because she loved Harrison and even though she knew it was wrong, her pull to him was too strong to deny. She actually forgave her mother now that she understood how love made her feel. She had just as much control over her feelings about Emerson as her mother had toward her father.
Talia undid the zipper on her yellow dress and let it fall to the floor before she stepped out of it. She picked it up with her foot and she kicked it at him, getting his full attention. She stood there in front of him in her white laced push-up bra and matching panties and she gave him a sexy smile. He looked at her from her perfectly styled hair down to her freshly manicured toes. He grabbed her hips with both his hands forcefully and pulled her closer to him, and she could feel his excitement pressed hard against her. “You are mine and I will not let you forget it,” he purred in her ear.
Emerson swiped her face with his and then his mouth caught hers in a raw lustful kiss of passion and desire. His tongue explored her mouth, visiting all the places that he missed, and he seductively sucked on her tongue, making her body glisten from a wave of heat. His kiss was so hot, they were both sweating, and they were only just getting started. His kiss made her heart skip a beat. All the pain and hurt of the last few days fell away, and she gave into him, responding to his every move, every lick, and every touch, to all of him.
“Now that’s more like it,” Talia purred into his mouth and she sucked on his tongue, making his erection swell up against her. He picked her up in his arms, still kissing her mouth with no control. She wrapped her arms and legs around his body, and she giggled with excitement. He carried her to the bed and set her down on top of her white duvet. He touched her face with both his hands, owning her with just his kiss. He let his hands slide down the silky-smooth skin of her arms as his tongue possessed her mouth. He undid the clasp of her bra and she took it off and then fell back on her bed. Breasts exposed for only him and she laughed at the excitement in his eyes as he stared at her round, full breasts. He leaned over top of her and kissed down her neck, finding all the places on her body that made her moan. He hovered over her breasts. She could feel his fiery breath on her nipples, and they hardened for him, aching for his wet moist mouth to suck on them. He caressed her breasts with his hands, gently teasing at her nipples. His tongue lapped over her nipple before taking it in-between his lips and sucking hard. Her body quivered with pleasure and she whimpered. He looked up into her fluttering eyes and he smiled as he kissed back up to her lips. He continued to play with her breasts as he devoured her mouth.
“You have such beautiful breasts,” he moaned and so did she as he was tugging on her nipple.
“I think they’re too big for my body,” she giggled.
“No way, they are perfect,” he said, still staring at her breasts.
“Well, you’re the only man that’s ever seen them, so I’ll have to take your word for it,” she giggled, looking at him staring at her body, as if he thought she was as beautiful as she thought he was.
“Really?” He smiled excitedly. “I must be very special,” he purred as he sucked on her nipple and he ran his fingers all over her body and she moaned.
“Very special. I only share my body with you; I am yours and only yours,” she purred, and she pulled his head up to hers so she could kiss his mouth. “I love what you do to me,” she moaned into his mouth as she wrapped her legs around his body, pushing her center up against his erection.

Emerson was so turned on he needed to be inside her, but he needed to have her good and ready first.
“Oh, not as much as you will love all the things I am going to do to you.” He smiled and looked into her eyes as if it was a promise.
 Her mouth watered. She had never been so aroused in her life.
He kissed down her neck and caressed her body as he made his way to her tiny, little panties and he pulled them down her legs. Emerson looked down at her perfect body. He was so in love with her he couldn’t find one thing he didn’t like about the way she looked. He thought she was the epitome of perfection. He had never had a woman turn him on so much. He had never wanted to please a woman so much. He looked at her rosy pink cheeks as she blushed, embarrassed to be naked in front of him. His hands touched her knees and moved up her thighs and he touched her in-between her legs, a place she let no one touch her before him. She gasped and giggled as he gently massaged her with his soft, skilled fingers. “Don’t be shy, I love you and your body.” He leaned over her and looked deep into her big green eyes. She moaned as he dipped his fingers into her center and a shiver ran through her. She bit her lip, and she gasped with pleasure. “Oh baby, don’t hold back, please. If it feels good, let me know.”
“It feels good,” she moaned.
“Your body is so perfect. You are so beautiful.”
Talia blushed and covered her face with her hands. He pulled her hands away and looked into her eyes and he leaned over her. His lips just above hers as his hand massaged her clitoris and she moaned.

“Perfection
Every touch is perfection
So soft so sweet,
Every look is perfection
So pure, so honest
Every kiss is perfection
So sensual, so seductive
Every moment is perfection
We are so imperfectly perfect”

Emerson purred into her ear. His words turned her on and gave her as much pleasure as his fingers did in-between her legs. Talia kissed his mouth with so much desire. Her body shivered. He paid close attention to all the places that made her scream out with pleasure before moving back to her clitoris. Talia’s body was shaking, and she moaned as his finger slid inside her body and a whimper escaped her mouth. That familiar sensation tingled through her body and she screamed as her body shook and she climaxed. “You’re mine,” he whispered in her ear and she looked up into his eyes.
“Yes, and you’re mine,” Talia swallowed hard. “You’re the only person that has ever given me pleasure.”
He smiled, kissing her mouth and massaging her lips with his. Talia wrapped her legs around him and with her feet she slid his boxers off his body, and she rubbed her sex up and down his erection causing them both to moan. She didn’t want to wait. She wanted to be united as one with him—she needed that deep connection.
Emerson hovered over her body and slowly moved away. “No please baby, I want you.”
He kissed her mouth intimately. “I know honey, but I don’t have a condom on yet,” he whispered in her ear.
Talia didn’t even think about a condom—she was so new to sex. Then, a bunch of questions popped into her mind. How many women had he been with? She felt very uncomfortable, but she couldn’t ask those questions. It would have ruined the moment. Emerson saw the look on her face, and he whispered in her ear. “I am clean, babe. I had a full physical last month. I would do nothing to hurt you.”
“I am clean, too,” Talia giggled. “And I am on the pill.”
“Why?” he asked, surprised.
“My dad put me on it when I was sixteen and I have just always taken it,” Talia shrugged her shoulders. “I figured I would have sex at some point.”
“Do you know how beautiful you are?” He kissed her lips slowly, seductively turning her on all over again. He kissed the hot spots on her neck and her body shook for him. He kissed down her naked body, spending a bit of time teasing at her nipples, and he kissed down her body until his head was in-between her legs and he smiled up at her.
“You don’t have to do that,” Talia moaned just as his breath hit her slit. She moaned with pleasure. The sensation made liquid seep from her center.
He parted her legs and smiled up at her. “Oh honey, I love your scent. I love how you taste when you come in my mouth, it gives me just as much pleasure as it gives you. I will always want to pleasure you.”
Emerson was so turned on, more turned on than ever before just by the scent of her, everything about her turned him on. His tongue lapped against her swollen flesh and she moaned and parted her legs for him and she whimpered. His tongue stroked her in all the right places repeatedly. He used his hands to spread her further apart as he continued exploring every inch of her center, remembering all the spots that made her scream out with pleasure. He took his time on each spot, paying close attention, doing all the things he knew she liked. Her pleasure was so important to him, he had never felt that way before, but he had never been in love before—everything was different with Talia. He wanted her trust; he wanted to make her happy. He wanted to give her more pleasure than he had ever given to any other woman. He wanted her; he wanted to take his time with her; he wanted to possess her as he was possessed by her. “Mine,” he moaned against her hot flesh as he pressed his tongue inside her center, making her scream and her body shook as she was on the verge of orgasm.
Talia dug her nails into the duvet on the bed, and she held on tight. She couldn’t control her body from trembling. She cried out as his tongue relentlessly flickered at her clitoris and she screamed out as she came apart around him, crying out with pleasure. She screamed repeatedly as her eyes rolled back in her head and her toes curled and she roared it out as long as he let her, laughing with pleasure as her body had never felt so good before. “I love what you do to me,” she moaned as her body tingled from the aftershock of her orgasm. He sucked up her liquid, and she came again with a cry.
“Oh my god, you’re amazing!” Talia moaned, as she pulled him on top of her and rolled him over on his back and she kissed down his neck, running her fingers over his chest and down his abs. “It’s your turn,” she smiled with an excited, mischievous look in her eyes.
Emerson grabbed her hands and flipped her back over on the bed, so he was between her legs and on top of her. “Oh honey, I want you so bad I wouldn’t last a minute in your mouth. I just want to be inside you,” he whispered as if it was a secret and he looked into her eyes to make sure she was ready. Talia parted her legs more, so he fit better and she kissed his mouth. “I love you,” he said as he looked into her eyes.
“I love you, too.”
He moved away from her and leaned over to the nightstand and grabbed a condom that he had put there earlier. He tore open the package and put it on as she watched him with nervous eyes. He moved in between her legs and leaned over top of her. He touched her face and intimately kissed her lips with so much love and tenderness. He gently pushed closer to her, he ran his erection up and down her slit increasing their arousal. “Are you ready?” He asked her with concern, as if she had changed her mind.
Talia took a deep breath and shook her head and smiled as she braced herself for the pressure. He slowly moved inside her and a gentle moan escaped both their lips. “He watched her face closely, watching every curve of her lip, and every time she blinked, every flinch of her nose. He watched her eyes get bigger the further he pushed into her and she smiled and kissed him, letting him know she was ok. He started out slow, not wanting to hurt her. He pushed in only a little then pulled out each time, pushing a little further but only as much as she could take.
Talia was relieved at how slow and gentle he was with her. It gave her time to get used to the rhythm and how he felt as he moved inside her. She moaned as the burn felt good and she moved with him, matching him thrust for thrust. She kissed his lips and moaned into his mouth as she ran her fingers through his hair. He was so big, almost too big for her, but it felt so good. She loved him so much; she loved the way their naked bodies felt entwined together. They were possessed by their need for one another and in that sweet forbidden moment they both surrendered to their love for one another. Talia clenched around him and she whimpered and wrapped her legs around him tightly, forcing all of him into her and she screamed. The beautiful burn was more than either of them could take as she climaxed, looking into his eyes with so much love. He joined her, releasing everything he had. They were both on cloud nine as they laid there panting and moaning. He touched her face and looked into her eyes. What they shared was more than just sexual satisfaction, it was so much more; it ran to the deepest parts of their hearts—it was love. To be physically connected to each other and to feel how amazing they were together was unbelievable.

Emerson looked at her, then pressed his lips to hers. He kissed her so intimately—with so much love and devotion—it brought tears to her eyes.
He wiped away her tears. “Talk to me babe, what’s wrong? Did I hurt you?” His voice cracked and he looked so worried.
“I am good. Just happy. Sorry, I am so emotional.” Talia laughed at herself.
“Love can be emotional.” He kissed her cheek.
Emerson pulled out of her and disposed of the condom, and they got under the covers together. Talia wrapped her legs and arms around his body. She needed to feel wrapped up in him.
“This is my favorite part,” Talia breathed as he was looking into her very satisfied, but tired, eyes.
“Then, I didn’t do my job right,” he said with a laugh and she smiled at him.
“No, that’s not what I meant, I just really love when you hold me, everything else is just as amazing, but I love this part.”
“I love it too, babe,” he said as he kissed her head.
Talia couldn’t help feeling extremely happy lying in his arms. She felt she was exactly where she wanted to be.

Dear Reader

I just wanted to say thank you for reading this story, I hope you enjoyed the first part of Talia’s and Emerson’s love story. It continues in the next book, The Secret Moments We Share. So many secrets so much to hide, can they handle what’s coming next? In the next book, you learn more about Emerson’s past as he tries to convince Talia to be with him.
I loved writing the Moments series, it’s my favorite series so far, and I hope you will continue the journey with Talia as she learns to deal with her past, faces her father, and finds her passions and learns to love herself.
Please, if you enjoyed this book, I ask you to write a comment or review for me. I really love the feedback and it helps me gain more readers.
I would like to apologize if there are any spelling or grammar errors in the story. I have many learning disabilities, so I make mistakes even though the book was professionally edited sometimes things get missed. Writing books is a dream come true for me. When I was a little girl I was told because of my learning disabilities I would never be able to read or write very well. Look at me now :)

Thanks,,,
Candace Campbell


Follow
Candace Campbell

www.facebook.com/AuthorCandaceCampbell
Instagram@candacesnovels
Instagram@candacecreativity
www.candacecampbell.ca
