
The Actuary
The Calculated Risk Mystery Series

K T Bowes
Published by Hakarimata Press
Copyright 2015

Would you like to be part of it?

I’m a believer in ‘try before you buy.’
Unless it’s underwear because that’s super dodgy.
There’s nothing worse than forking out your hard-earned cash on a doozy and regretting it.
I don’t want stinky reviews.
I want you to love my work and feel like you got value for money.
Each of the novels below are free series starters.
If you’d like to be part of that, then click the link below.
I’ll take care of your email address and won’t be sharing it or sending needless communications.
Ain’t nobody got time for that.

You can unsubscribe at any time.
I promise not to send Rohan Andreyev after you...maybe.

Yes please, I’d love my free starter library

Acknowledgment
It’s gratifying when someone likes my work enough to want to be part of it. Although I have invented the character of Allaine, I have used her real name with her permission and I’m grateful for her ceaseless encouragement.

I also want to acknowledge Dave Carson, UK, who helped me with some particularly difficult chapters relating to the main character, Rohan Andreyev. His help was based on his own painful experience and I’m grateful for his openness and honesty with me. I sincerely hope I’ve managed to do justice to his daily struggle.

Chapter 1
“Congratulations, Susan!” The dark-haired woman leaned in and kissed her friend on the cheek. Her porcelain skin flushed with the heat of the room. “You look so happy; I’m pleased for you.”
“Oh, Emma! It’s been a long time coming. I feel lucky.”
Emma wrapped her arms around her friend, trying not to get lipstick on the delicate fabric of her ivory wedding dress. Over her shoulder, she saw Susan’s new husband, Frederik. Handsome and sophisticated, his salt and pepper hair suited his rugged appearance. “He’s pretty fit,” Emma whispered in her friend’s ear, laughing at Susan’s squeal of delight.
“My sister says he is,” she sniggered, covering her mouth with her palm. “She described him to me before she introduced us.”
A rush of warmth heated Emma’s leg, and she glanced down, smiling at Susan’s white retriever. He grinned back, his tongue lolling sideways as he slumped onto his backside and yanked the harness from his blind mistress’ hand. “Oh, Jay!” Susan complained. “I know you’ve had enough, but this is my wedding day!”
“He did a good job of escorting you down the aisle.” Emma stroked the soft, downy hair of Jay’s crown. She smoothed her thumb along the bridge of his nose and the dog closed his eyes with a heavy sigh. “You’re such a flirt!” she chastised him, ruffling his feathery ears and shaking her head. Dark curls cascaded over her shoulders and bounced with the movement.
“It’s been a beautiful day.” Susan sighed. The strobe lights caught her red hair, giving her an ethereal glow. “You’ll stay longer, won’t you?” She couldn’t see the uncomfortable expression which crossed Emma’s features as she battled with issues Susan couldn’t comprehend. The borrowed green silk dress bit into Emma’s waist and the rental car outside needed returning to the hire company by midnight. The thought of the three-hour drive south in the dark daunted her.
“Just a little while,” Emma promised. “But then I must get Nicky home. We had an early start this morning.”
“Well, say goodbye before you leave, won’t you?” Susan’s face pleaded with her as Emma nodded and squeezed her hand. “I wanted to talk about your work in the school archives. We’ve been using this amazing system with ours. I thought it might help.”
“I’d love to, but I have to go soon.” Emma winced as the band started up after its intermission, deafening everyone nearby. The guide dog whined and glanced towards the open door and the prospect of an escape. “Would you like me to walk you to Frederik?” Emma yelled over the din and Susan nodded.
“Yes, please. I think if I ask Jay to take me, I’ll end up at the car.”
Emma laughed. “Oh gosh, yeah. Remember the time you told him to take you to the vet’s, and he walked you around for hours and then took you home?”
“Pardon?” Susan shrieked back and Emma shook her head, leading her friend by the hand towards her new husband. He chatted to a group of men who’d just arrived.
The place teemed with bodies and Emma sighed as she recognised one of them. Her six-year-old son stood at the side of the buffet table, paper plate towering with food. His blond wavy hair spilled over a face covered in chocolate. He grinned, displaying brown teeth covered in goo, and waved, his bright blue eyes sparkling with mischief. His plate tipped and a sausage roll bounced to the floor. Not realising it fell from his plate, he looked up at the ceiling to see where it came from and then back at his mother. She held her free hand up in the air, fingers splayed and mouthed, “Five more minutes.”
The child nodded with enthusiasm and began cramming delicacies into his mouth, making use of the time left to get his fill. Emma cringed, hoping nobody else noticed their poverty on show. She weaved through the bodies, navigating Susan and Jay towards the landmark of Frederik’s head, which rose high above everyone else’s. As Jay noticed Emma leading him back into the throng, his feet ceased their happy padding across the dance floor. He stopped dead.
Susan yanked on Emma’s arm in warning, but Jay made a valiant rush for the open door and hauled the two women after him. He cut through the dancing crowd like a heat-seeking missile, making his bid for freedom with the women as ballast. Susan had no choice with her wrist caught in the strap of his leash and her fingers clamped around the handle of the harness. Emma displayed extreme loyalty, clinging to her friend’s other hand for dear life and clomping along in the borrowed heels.
From the corner of her eye, Emma saw Susan halt as Frederik’s capable hand seized the harness and terminated Jay’s unauthorised kidnapping of his bride. Unable to stop, Emma sped past the knot of man, woman and dog, teetering on the top step of the open doorway as Susan released her hand. The concrete stairs rose to meet her. A strangled scream escaped her lips, and she raised her arms to protect her face.
The incoming male took the full brunt of her hasty exit. Emma bounced off his hard chest and ricocheted backwards, only saved by his strong fingers grabbing her upper arms. Lights burst in her vision as headlights flashed on in the darkened car park and a freezing wind whipped around the flimsy dress. Emma paused on the top step, panting with adrenaline and exertion. She focussed on the smart black jacket and white shirt to buy herself time. A red tie snaked up and over his shoulder where the wind had blown it.
“Thank you,” she gulped. A glance at the front of her dress revealed her escaping cleavage as the buttons slid free under duress.
“Are you all right, Emma?” Susan’s voice rose nearby and Emma nodded as she fumbled with the fiddly pearl buttons. “What happened to Emma?” Susan repeated. Emma fastened the top button, groaning as the next one down popped open again.
“I’m fine, thanks. Just catching my breath.” Her chest heaved but as the blood stopped pounding in her head, she realised her saviour still held onto her arms.
Susan complained behind her, admonishing Jay for his inappropriate behaviour.
“You made it!” Frederik’s hand appeared in Emma’s peripheral vision and the newcomer released one of her arms to shake it. “Awesome!” Frederik gushed. “I’ll find my wife a seat and then we’ll talk.”
“Oh, bloody hell!” Emma huffed as another button sidled free of its hole. A familiar snort of laughter stilled her fingers. Her head whipped up, her brain already rationalising the case of mistaken identity.
“Here, let me, vozlyublennaya.” The man pressed the button back through its hole, the backs of his fingers sending darts of pleasure shooting from the soft rise of her breasts to the flame igniting behind her navel.
Emma gulped and pushed his hand away. “I’m fine!” she bit. “Thanks for your help.” Her cheeks flamed with embarrassment. She took a step sideways and found her path blocked by the stride he took to match hers. “I’m leaving.” The words caught in her throat. She’d imagined this same moment a million times over the last six and a half years. The clever words she’d conjured retreated and left her with nothing to say.
“Emma.” The half-hearted rebuke held sadness, and his hand still gripped her arm. Her heart bounced in her chest.
The tall Russian looked as striking as she remembered. A strand of his disobedient blond fringe flipped across his left eye. His long lashes bumped against it in lazy arcs. Vibrant blue eyes stared at her, bright like azure diamonds with the eyebrows raised in question. “Hi, Em,” he said, the timbre of his voice touching the deeper, buried parts of her soul.
“I think you’re mistaking me for someone else.” Emma straightened her shoulders and glanced towards the dance floor for help. To her irritation, the Russian threw his head back and laughed.
“No, there is only one of you.” He smiled, but the expression didn’t reach his eyes.
“I need to go.” Panic entered Emma’s voice. She peered past him to see Frederik, and a disgraced Jay settle Susan in a chair at the side of the dance floor. He didn’t look her way, engrossed in his task of soothing his dishevelled bride. Jay hurled himself under the table and closed his eyes.
Emma took another step sideways, and the Russian blocked her. “If you want to dance, we need to be over there.” He pointed at the polished wooden floor where the wedding guests gyrated in groups in front of the DJ. Emma followed his gaze, but he used the distraction to slip his arm around her waist. “Just like old times,” he whispered. The blankness of his expression jarred with the words.
“I don’t want to dance, Rohan.” He ignored her protest and steered her towards a space on the floor. Emma groaned as the music changed to a slow dance and his lips curved upwards in a smile which displayed even teeth. He settled his palms on either side of her waist and steered her hips in gentle arcs. Emma resisted until she caught sight of her son pushing a muffin between his lips. He shoved it in whole and found himself unable to chew. Emma peeled her gaze away from his antics, desperate not to draw attention to their connection. She’d promised to stay hidden so this wouldn’t happen. Anton would kill her.
Afraid of putting her child at risk, Emma forced herself to relax. Deceit would be the only way out of her predicament. She slipped her arms around Rohan’s waist, cut by the flash of hope which flitted across his azure irises. His left hand snaked to the centre of her back, the right resting over her hip. “So, how has life treated you?” He raised his voice against the music, his mouth close to her ear. Emma closed her eyes against the rising flood of emotions fighting for dominance in her disloyal heart.
“Good,” she lied. “Lovely to see you again, Rohan, but I need to help Susan.”
“Stay a moment.” He fingered a lock of her chestnut hair, watching in fascination as it wound around his finger before plummeting down her back. He selected another one and repeated the exercise as though the years hadn’t passed and left scars on them both. Emma whipped her head away and scanned the room, trying to locate her son without making it obvious. She didn’t need to search far. He slumped on a chair next to the deserted buffet table with a half-eaten mountain on his plate. His eyes bulged in his pale complexion. Emma ground her teeth in frustration at the thought of a three-hour drive with a vomiting child.
“I’ll check on Susan and come back.” She withdrew her hands from around Rohan’s waist and turned, her body already punishing her for breaking contact.
“Okay.” His resignation made Emma’s breath catch in her chest. He gave her a reluctant smile, revealing the dent from a scar above his lip and another beneath his right eye. Emma’s gaze betrayed her, straying from his sparkling blue irises to his full lips and back again. His smirk blossomed like a lightning strike. Catching her up before she could resist, he placed his hand behind her neck and tugged her towards him. The tender kiss paralysed her from the top of her head to the tips of her toes. His dangerous tongue blazed a trail around hers, their combined heat both familiar and deadly. Emma pressed her palms against his chest, feeling the rippling muscles beneath his shirt. Time stood still, conning their hearts and minds into believing it would have somehow worked.
But it wouldn’t have. With an act of will based on a heartfelt promise, Emma broke the connection. Her sharp inhale contained regret as she touched her index finger to lips swollen by the familiar kiss.
“Em!” He shouted her name as she fled the dance floor.
“Quick, we’re leaving!” She snatched her son’s slender wrist and headed towards the toilets. A red fire exit sign shone from the end of the corridor.
“You can’t use that door!” someone called from behind her. The sound of an alarm covered the female voice as Emma pushed on the horizontal rail and the door flew open. A narrow staircase led to the car park and Emma took the steps two at a time. Her son trotted after her, grabbing his churning stomach.
“Mum!” he complained. “Don’t bounce me. I’m gonna puke!”
“Get in the car.” Emma pulled a key fob from her bra and depressed the button. The headlights flashed as the doors unlocked. She hauled open the passenger door and pushed the child inside with a shove. His wide blue eyes studied her as she ran around the front of the vehicle and flung herself into the driver’s seat. “I’ve got a bag,” Emma puffed. “You can be sick into that.” She whipped off her borrowed stilettoes and hurled them behind her. “You’ll feel okay once we get going. I’ll put on the air conditioner.”
“But my booster is in the back!” His voice rose in a whine and Emma’s frayed patience snapped.
“I’ll stop and sort everything out as soon as we get away from here,” she promised. “Please, Nicky, just do as I ask.”
“Fine, then!” he complained. “But if a police officer tells you off, it’s coming out of your pocket money, not mine! I enjoyed talking to Harley Man before you ruined it!”
Emma revved the engine and released the handbrake. Panic made her forget to put the car into gear. “Nicky!” she exclaimed, desperation in her voice. “Harley Man isn’t real! He’s just a character from a book. He can’t talk to you.”
“But he does, Mum.” Nicky forgot about his sickness to protest the injustice. “My friends have seen ‘im. He stops and talks to me and he came here tonight!”
“Okay, Nick, okay.” Emma fumbled with the switch for the central locking in the darkness. She banished talk of her son’s imaginary friend to the back of her mind as she dealt with their escape. The wheels of the rented saloon spun in the gravel. Emma remembered the headlights as she sped towards the front doors of the hotel, flicking them on and blinding the attendant.
Her heart sank as the handsome Russian emerged from the doors at a run, his suit jacket hanging open and his tie flapping in the breeze.
“That’s your friend what you kissed.” Nicky dug his seat belt into the latch. “Harley Man saw him kissin’ ya. He said, ‘Uh oh, that’s not gonna end well.’ What does that mean, Mum? What won’t end well?” He lifted his slender hand and waved through the side window as Emma floored the gas and careened the vehicle past the steps. Rohan reached the bottom as they sped by, hurling himself backwards and away from the wheels. Emma showed no sign of stopping. She saw his mask of agony in the rear-view mirror and knew she’d never forget the disappointment she saw there. Anton would kill her for this.
Emma’s throat tightened as she navigated the minor roads until meeting the motorway, a sick sensation rising in her stomach. Her hands shook on the steering wheel and she gripped it until her knuckles shone white against the reflection of streetlamps on the windscreen. She glanced sideways at her small son and wished it could have been different. Her shoulders slumped. An alternate path would not have included Nicky and she couldn’t imagine life without his sunny optimism.
An hour later, Nicky squealed and dipped forward in his seat. He craned his neck to look in the side mirror. “There he is!”
Emma swerved and swore. “Don’t do that!”
“But he’s behind us, Mummy, look.”
“Nicky, who?” Panic created a knot in her throat.
“Harley Man! It’s Harley Man!”
Emma peered in the rear-view mirror at the motorcyclist. He kept a steady pace, his visor obscuring his facial features. Another vehicle remained between them. She held her breath and monitored his movements, but he didn’t venture closer. Emma relaxed. The car behind her slowed, and the motorcyclist indicated and switched to the outer lane. He passed her, showing no interest. Emma cursed herself for buying into Nicky’s overactive imagination as the bike sped ahead.
Nicky flopped back in his seat and disappointment couched his tone. “You scared ‘im off! It’s rude to stare!” He slapped his thighs with his palms. “I don’t know when I’ll see ‘im again now.”
Emma sighed as her son sulked next to her. Her mind strayed to thoughts of the Russian and she battled with the sensuous image of his strong fingers caressing her most sensitive places. Stifling an involuntary sob, she pressed the back of her hand against her forehead.
Nicky sat up, his contrition instant. “Sorry, Mummy. I’m sorry. It’s not your fault. Harley Man will come again, he always does.”
“Yeah, he certainly seems to.” Emma kept the sarcasm from her voice as she fought the inner tide of misery. She focussed on the motorway, grateful for the tiny hand that reached over and rested on her thigh.
At the first service station, they stopped and used the bathrooms. “I can go in the big boy ones,” Nicky insisted, veering off towards the men’s toilets.
“Er, I don’t think so, buddy!” Emma grabbed the back of his shirt and pushed him through the door adorned with a female silhouette. Nicky turned to face the cubicle wall while she used the facilities, disgusted with his demotion to child status.
“It’s oomiliatin’,” he complained.
“It’s life!” Emma retorted. “Did you really think I would let you go into a gent’s toilet in the back end of nowhere in a service station, with every nomad weirdo passing through?”
“I can take care of myself,” Nicky said, his voice filled with touching sincerity. “When Big Jason jumped me last week, I kicked him in the jewels.” He turned around as Emma flushed the toilet, his blue eyes alight with victory.
Emma righted her dress and looked down at her son. “Big Jason is a forty-year-old midget!” she said. “I could defend myself against him.”
“He’s not a midget!” Nicky’s tone held indignation. “He’s a dwarf with delicate bones. Midget is a rude word to him.”
Emma bought Nicky a bottle of mineral water to help the nausea from his overindulgence. She topped up the car with petrol and prayed it would still look full when she dropped it off at the rental depot. They stood in the queue to pay and Nicky let out a whelp of excitement. “It’s Harley Man!”
Emma cringed and pressed her hand against the top of his head. “Shush,” she hissed.
The motorcyclist drew a wallet from his tight leather pants. The assistant pointed to his head. “We’re not meant to serve you unless you remove your helmet.” He leaned forward to deliver his ultimatum. “We get robbed by people covering their faces for the cameras.”
The motorcyclist shrugged. He held up a credit card in his gloved hand. The assistant took it and ran it through the machine while grumbling. The payment registered and the cash register spat out a receipt.
“Hi, Harley Man. Remember me?” Nicky threw his shoulders back and Emma winced.
The motorcyclist waved, and she glanced away, embarrassed by her son’s exhibitionism. The protective leather gear appeared sprayed onto the man’s toned body and Emma dropped her gaze to his bottom.
“See ya later, Harley Man.” Nicky waved and gave him a beautiful smile involving his entire face.
Emma cringed, ignoring the tug on her skirt. “Harley Man ruffled my hair,” Nicky whispered, his eyes alight with pleasure. “Told ya.”
Emma nodded, her mortification complete. Her son’s fixation with Harley Man bordered on needing a psychologist, not that his underfunded, forgotten primary school had access to such professionals. She sighed and pushed away thoughts of her dwindling bank account. Her part-time wage just about covered the rent, her last trip to the benefits office ending in failure. Unless she was prepared to set the Child Support Agency on Nicky’s father, any added financial support would run out before the end of the week.
Emma fixed Nicky’s rented booster seat into the front of the vehicle, settled him in and left as he nodded off to sleep. With a sigh, she headed south to Lincoln, and the government owned house on the notorious Greyfriars Estate.
She dropped the car at the rental company’s depot and pushed the key through the letterbox. It seemed an age before the taxi arrived to drive her home. Nicky slept on the back seat as they moved through the silent city, the cathedral towering above them like a judgement. The trouble started when the driver double checked her address. “I’m not driving on that estate,” he scoffed.
Emma argued with him. “It’s literally down there! I can see the house from here!”
“Well, you bloody walk there then.” He halted the vehicle and released the central locking. “That’s forty quid.”
Emma leaned forward in her seat. “So, you won’t drive onto the estate, but you’re happy for me to walk in the dark with a sleeping child?”
The man shrugged. “You choose to live there. Pay up, or I’m calling the cops.”
Emma leaned forward and threw the cash onto the passenger seat. She hitched the sleeping Nicky over her shoulder before exiting the vehicle. He balanced there, his slender body dangling like a rag doll’s. Emma hoisted him higher and kicked off her shoes, bending her knees and collecting the stilettos from the pavement. Turning the pointed heels outwards, she kept one in each hand to defend herself. Nicky’s limp body tugged her to one side. “I didn’t choose to live here,” she hissed through the open passenger window. “Nobody wants to live on this estate. God forbid you ever hit hard times.”
“Oh, sod off!” he replied. He pulled away from the curb, activating his central locking at the same time as closing the electric window.
It took Emma five minutes to walk through the darkened no-go area. The smashed streetlamps offered no reprieve. She walked barefoot, listening out for sounds of danger. Many pairs of eyes watched, but she arrived home unharmed with sore feet from the frozen ground and a blister on her heel.


Chapter 2
“Mum!”
“I’m upstairs, love.”
The house shook as Nicky clomped up the stairs in his trainers. Emma saw no point telling him to remove his shoes indoors. The bare wooden floors played hell with the soles of his threadbare socks. “Mum!” He yelled from the top of the stairs and she poked her head around her bedroom door. “Oh, there you are.” He strode towards her, his spine stiff with importance. “I took your dress back to Marie’s house, but she’s not there. Kane said his dad gave her a slap last night. She went to the hospital.”
“Really?” Emma’s eyes widened, and she pressed her fingers over her lips. “I told her he’d do it again.”
Nicky preened at the enthusiastic response to his news flash, misunderstanding its gravity. “And I saw Big Jason McArthur outside their house smokin’ weed. He said he’s gonna come round and give you one.” Nicky licked his lips and frowned. “Is he gonna give you a slap or a weed stick?”
“Neither. We take nothing from Big Jason, remember?”
Nicky followed her from one side of the room to the other, tripping over the sleeping bag serving as Emma’s bed. “Mum, if he tries to give you something you don’t want, I can give ‘im a slap.”
Emma squatted next to her son. Concern flashed in his blue eyes. “No babe. He’s a smack addict and a patched gang member. You’re a beautiful six-year-old boy with an enormous heart, and it won’t end well for either of us.”
“Well, I’ve been thinking about it and I reckon me an’ Mo can pop the tyres on his Harley instead.”
“Seriously Nicky, I need you to stay out of trouble. And anyway, it’s not a Harley, he just says it is.”
“Okay then.” He glanced at his feet, but his lips curved upwards in a secret smile.
Emma’s brow furrowed. “Don’t do it, Nicky. I’ll get cross!”
“Oh.” His shoulders slumped in disappointment. “Mum?” He fixed his gaze on her face. “I saw that man last night kissin’ you for a real long time. And you liked it. Why did he kiss you?”
Emma gulped. “He gave me a new year’s kiss.”
Nicky rolled his eyes. “Well, that’s dumb! It’s only November!”
“He’s Russian.” Emma bit her bottom lip and stalled, transferring clean washing from the washing basket into the open suitcase on the floor. “Everything is upside down in Russia.”
“What even Christmas?” Nicky spat the sentence with indignation. “That’s terrible!”
“Yep.” Emma avoided his perceptive gaze and dropped the lid of her suitcase. “Please, can you wheel your suitcase in here for me? Then I’ll put your clean clothes into it.”
Nicky skipped to his room and rolled his wheeled wardrobe through the door. He hadn’t zipped it up, and a sock trailed against the bare boards. He halted in front of Emma. “I miss Nana Lucya’s house,” he whispered. “With proper beds and wardrobes and stuff. When can we go back there?”
“Nana Lucya died, remember?” Emma’s heart constricted in her chest and she rested her hands on Nicky’s slumped shoulders. He pressed his cheek against her stomach and wound his free arm around her waist.
“But I miss her, Mummy,” he sniffed. “And I miss having furniture.”
“Me too,” Emma whispered. “Me too.”
Nicky balanced his chin on Emma’s waistband. “Mum? Nana was a Russian too.” His blond brows furrowed. “But she had Christmas and new year at the right time. Maybe you should tell the man he’s got it wrong.”
“Yeah.” Emma faked her smile, realising her mistake too late when pitched against her intelligent son. Each year it became harder to deflect his questions. “But I don’t have enough phone credit.”
Nicky sighed and collected his pile of clothes from the basket. “That’s a shame,” he mused. He fitted his school uniform into the suitcase and dragged the zipper closed, pausing with his fingers touching the handle. “Do you think we’ll ever have a washing machine again? It hurts your hands cleaning our clothes in the sink.”
“One day.” Emma forced a brightness into her tone and hid her cracked fingers behind her back. It wasn’t a great time to mention that things were about to get harder. Nicky spun his suitcase on the floorboards and left the room, pulling it behind him. Emma winced as the left wheel released a pitiful squeak.
She breathed out slowly and bent to suppress the sick feeling in her stomach. Thoughts of Lucya’s house took her to Anton and then to Rohan. She pulled her mobile phone from her jeans pocket and stared at the screen. She’d heard nothing from Anton for weeks. Her fingers moved across the keys as she typed a message. ‘Are you okay? I’m getting worried.’ She sent her concern into the ether, not even knowing if it reached him.
A sudden flash of realisation bit into her consciousness and she paled. Her fingers shook as she typed another message, this time to Susan. ‘Please don’t give my number or address to Rohan Andreyev. It’s important.’
Her thumb pushed the button to send her plea, and the phone vibrated. “Insufficient credit?” She let her head fall back and closed her eyes against the stained ceiling. “Fantastic,” she breathed. Her palms pressed against her thighs and she fought for calm. “Susan won’t betray me.” She comforted herself with the unquestioning loyalty of her friend. They’d limped through university together, one with a toddler and the other coming to terms with progressive blindness in her late forties. Emma trusted her. “She won’t give it to him,” she concluded with a nod of satisfaction.
“I hope you don’t either!” Nicky appeared in her bedroom doorway, cocking his head to one side.
“You hope I don’t what?” Emma switched her mind back to the present.
“Give Big Jason IT!” His eyes widened as he spotted a pair of shorts which had slipped onto Emma’s sleeping bag. “Ah, there they are. I need those for sports on Monday.”
“I won’t be giving Big Jason anything!” Emma promised, shivering at the thought.
“Marie did!” Nicky swung his shorts around his head. “That’s why Kane’s dad gave ‘er a slap and put ‘er in the hospital.”
Emma shook her head and exhaled. She stared around her at the near derelict house and wondered how much longer she could pretend she was coping.

Chapter 3
The insistent knocking rattled the front door in its frame. Emma hid just inside the kitchen and waited for the visitor to leave.
“What ya waitin’ for, Mum?” Nicky peered over the banister. “Is it the repo man?”
Emma lowered her voice and rolled her eyes. “There’s nothing left to take! Hide in the cupboard in case it’s trouble.”
Nicky kissed her elbow as he ran along the hallway, shutting himself in the cupboard under the stairs. Emma watched as he closed the door. The knocking grew louder, and she feared for the cracked window in the centre of the door. “I’m coming!” she growled, hoping to create an impression of someone fiercer.
The watery mid-afternoon sun glinted off the broken glass in the street, contrasting with the expensive black Mercedes Benz parked in her driveway. Emma creaked the door open and saw the vehicle first, surrounded by a crowd of her neighbours. They collected beside it, touching the paintwork like zombies around a corpse.
“Nice welcome.” The visitor stood on the lowest step, his shoulder leaned against the pillar holding up the wooden porch. His arms ended at the wrists, his hands dug into his pockets.
Emma paled and stared at Rohan. “What the hell are you doing here?” Her voice squeaked. She shot a nervous glance at the crowd behind him and cringed. “Are you trying to get me killed?” she hissed.
“I’ll karate chop ‘im!” Nicky burst from the cupboard under the stairs, waving his arms and kicking his legs in an uncoordinated goose step.
“Bloody hell, it’s Harry Potter!” Rohan blinked and a smirk spread across his lips.
Nicky stopped when he saw Rohan. He cocked his head and narrowed his eyes. “Oh. It’s that man with the upside-down Christmas.”
“Pardon me?” Rohan’s brow knitted.
“Don’t fart in front of my mum.” Nicky pushed his way between Emma and the door frame, spreading his arms out wide to protect her.
“Sorry, what?” Rohan straightened and removed his hands from his pockets. Half the rotten door frame tumbled onto the frayed doormat and the rest stuck to the back of Rohan’s jacket.
“I think he’s a bit simple, Mum. Look, he broke the door frame. Will I get Fat Brian to beat ‘im up?”
“No! Nobody needs to beat anyone up today, thank you.”
“But he thinks Christmas is upside down and that I’m a magic boy. He isn’t normal. I’ll get Fat Brian.”
Nicky took a step towards the door and Emma grabbed hold of the back of his sweater. He made exaggerated choking sounds. “Pack it in!” Emma warned him. “But yes, get Fat Brian, please. Tell him I’ve got a problem.”
“Seriously?” Rohan straightened to his full height, another piece of crumbling wood falling from his shoulder and landing on the floor. Emma counted four woodlice running for their lives. She knew how they felt. A tell-tale vein pulsed beneath Rohan’s jaw. “I turn up to talk to you and you want someone called Fat Brian to beat me up?” He looked a mixture of dismayed and irritated. He shook his head. “Not gonna happen.”
Emma ground her teeth. “Don’t be ridiculous! How much cash do you have?”
Rohan’s jaw dropped. “What?”
“Just answer me.” Emma watched the crowd of onlookers edge closer to the shiny black car. He followed her gaze and opened his mouth to speak as a skinny male tattooed from forehead to waistband, tried the locked passenger door.
“About fifty quid,” he replied, sounding stunned. “Why?”
Nicky appeared at the end of the driveway, flanked by a pensioner with gang tattoos on his bare chest and swear words on his cheeks. Rohan hid a smirk at the unfortunate spelling mistake on his forehead. Fork off wound through the wrinkles in a beautiful font, but at the violence in the man’s eyes, Rohan wiped all expression from his face to leave a regimental, nondescript mask.
“You all right, girl?” Fat Brian couldn’t fit on the front step at the same time as Rohan. He shoved past him, ridges of hairy flesh smelling of lager and cigarettes. His flaccid chin and bulging stomach hung just inches from Emma’s delicate frame. He waved his arm at Rohan. “I can get rid of this loser for you. Just say the word.”
Rohan raised his eyebrow and took a step nearer to Brian. His lips split in a smirk as Brian scurried sideways like a ballerina. “You thought that ten minutes ago,” Rohan growled. “Yet, here we are.”
“Thanks for coming, Brian.” Emma’s lips curved into a forced smile. “My visitor’s car is becoming something of an attraction. I wondered if you’d take care of it for me. He won’t stay long.”
Fat Brian smiled, displaying two pink rows of gums. “Hell yeah!” He held his hand out towards Rohan with enthusiasm and waggled his fingers.
“Brian will take your car to his house until you want to leave.” Emma pursed her lips and waited for Rohan to take the hint.
With a roll of his eyes, he drew a fifty pound note from a wallet in his trouser pocket. He handed it over and Brian stretched out his other hand.
“That’s all you’re getting.” A dangerous glint sparkled behind Rohan’s irises. A stormy hue back-lit them.
“Give Brian your keys.” Emma lowered her voice but smirked at the horror on Rohan’s face.
He drew out the key fob and seemed to choke as he placed it on Brian’s sweaty pink palm. “I’m assuming you’ve got a full driving licence?”
Brian gave a gummy smile. “I don’t believe in corrupt political certification.” He jangled the keys and set off towards the crowd of forty people, waving away the hands which stroked the shiny metallic finish.
Rohan turned to watch Brian start his car, rev it a few times and screech off down the street. He opened his mouth and then closed it again, as though subduing his misgivings. He shook his head at Emma and remained on the step, one eyebrow quirked in question.
“You might as well come in.” She sighed. “Turn around first, though. You’re wearing half my dry rot on your jacket.”
“I liked that car!” Rohan gave an exaggerated exhale and Emma laughed.
“You’ll get it back when you leave. I’ll send Nicky round to Brian’s and he’ll bring it here. That’s what the fifty quid paid for. Safe keeping. Nobody will touch it on Fat Brian’s driveway. But they will on mine.”
“Fat Brian likes my mum,” Nicky added. He stood on one leg and pressed the heel of his left foot over the instep of his right. “When ‘is missus beats him up, he sleeps on our lounge floor. Lots of people with nowhere to go do that, sleep at our house. My mum’s real kind.” Nicky smiled at Emma and she hung her head. Her heart gave a flip flop of pleasure at her son’s approval. He observed the blond man with open curiosity, and his next question sent Emma’s brain scrambling. “Where do you come from?” he demanded. “You sound like my nana.”
“Nicky!” Emma’s voice wavered as she interrupted him, pointing a shaking finger towards the stairs. “Please play in your room for a few minutes while I talk to our visitor?”
The child scoffed like an old man. “Play with what, Mum, my sleeping bag?”
“Try doing your homework!” She glared at him and he wrinkled his nose.
“It’s too easy. I did it in class.”
Emma ground her teeth, and he took the hint, climbing the rickety stairs with his hands stuffed deep in his pockets. He stopped at the top to continue his complaint from a distance. “I know you just wanna talk about me.” His gaze slid to Rohan and Emma winced. “Oh, and Big Jason asked me to give you a message.”
“Thanks!” Emma stopped his repetition of something vile and waved him aside. “I don’t want it.”
Rohan blinked as he drank in the conversation’s gist and Emma withered inside, sensing his judgement. He heaved in a sigh. “You’re raising your child in a freakin’ war zone, Em! The Helmand Province looks like a suburb in Chelsea compared to this.”
Emma shrank from the reference to his time in the army. “You get used to it.” She turned away and walked towards the kitchen, muttering under her breath, “Or you kill yourself.”
Rohan followed her but kept any further opinions to himself. She placed water into a saucepan and lit the gas hob. While she waited for it to boil, she put instant coffee into two mugs. “I don’t get many visitors,” she admitted. She waved the wonky spoon in his direction, not admitting she often got uninvited and unwanted visitors. The spoon’s handle twisted into a double bend, the result of one of Nicky and Mo’s spoon bending competitions. She dropped it into the sink with a clang.
Emma pushed the kitchen window open and lifted a carton of milk from the windowsill. She sniffed it before adding the white liquid to the mugs. A mark on the tiles beneath a microwave nook showed where a fridge had stood before she sold it to pay Fat Brian’s protection fee. She added boiled water from the kettle and handed Rohan the mug with fewer chips in the rim. He took it, his blue eyes never leaving her face. “How did you find me?” She leaned her backside against the battered work surface. Rohan looked around for somewhere to sit, before giving up and leaning against the door frame.
“Do you own nothing?” His soft tone aimed at disarming her. He ignored her question.
Emma shrugged. “Things come and go. Sometimes other people need things more. I owned a dining table for a while, but Marie up the road borrowed it for a family party. The party turned nasty, and the table became collateral damage.”
Rohan closed his mouth with a snap before running his free hand across his chin. Emma heard the scratching of his blond stubble against his palm. It sent a curious shiver through her.
“I asked how you found me.” An edge sped up her sentence and Rohan exhaled.
“Frederik got your address from Susan.”
Emma jerked upright and coffee slopped over her wrist. “That’s a lie. She’d never betray me!” Her brown irises flashed with fury.
Rohan’s Adam’s apple bobbed in his throat. “She doesn’t know. He did me a favour.” As though to qualify their deception, he added, “He served as my sergeant at Camp Bastion.”
“Yeah, I guess you would all stick together!” Emma plonked her coffee on the counter, looking at the handle in surprise as it came away in her hand.
“Em, talk to me. What the hell happened? I got back from Afghanistan and you’d gone.”
Emma hardened her face and her heart. She pointed at the doorway. “Well, thanks for stopping by. Fat Brian lives at number forty-three. It’s a three-minute walk on foot and he’ll have put the word out on the estate. You should be fine.” Emma squared her shoulders and her jaw showed through her cheek.
“Don’t do this.” Rohan placed his mug on the counter. He folded his arms. “We’re not still kids, Emma.” He jumped as a sharp tapping sounded against the kitchen window.
“What’s going on in there?” a muffled voice called. Rohan bridled at the tattooed face peering through the window.
“What the hell?” he murmured. He didn’t finish the sentiment.
“Go away, Big Jason!” Emma closed her eyes against the sight of the man’s wobbling head. His arms flew out wide as he tried to balance. “I’ve told you to stop standing on my flowerpots to look in the window!”
“Just looking out for ya, darlin’.” The tattooed lips disappeared backwards with a cry of pain.
“He keeps doing that. I bet he’s squashed my broccoli.”
Rohan stared at the ceiling. “It’s a circus for weirdoes,” he breathed.
Emma cringed at the incongruity of the situation. “It kinda is, hey? There’s Fat Brian and Big Jason. And I’m the Bearded Lady!” She snorted and Rohan frowned.
“You have a beard?” His Russian accent made it more of a statement.
Emma swallowed. “Well, this is awkward.” She waved her hand. “No.”
Rohan glanced at the window as though he’d spotted a sniper. “Just come in here!” He seized her arm and led her into the hallway, walking ahead of her to check the cracked window in the centre of the front door. Then he crushed Emma against his chest without warning. It caught her off guard, and she didn’t resist. His familiar scent filled her nose and mouth, banishing her common sense and sending her spiraling back in time. She gasped as he tilted her chin with his index finger and kissed her. A flame lit behind her navel and his lips trembled over hers. It felt right, her head filling with the sensation of coming home. Then a voice rose in her memory, determined and sincere.
‘Stay away from him, Emma. Promise me?’
“No!” She pushed at his chest, clattering against the wall behind her and hearing the clink of plaster crumbling into the cavity between the layers of brick.
“Emma, is that boy my son?”
“Rohan, leave things the way they are, please?” Emma’s inner panic sent her scrambling around him.
“No, I can’t. Why did you run away from me? My mother said things.” His sentence petered out, taking his mother’s assumptions with it.
“Don’t talk to me about her!” She halted, jabbing her finger into his chest. “Never mention her name! It’s taken me years to forget her.” Emma’s breath caught, and she lifted her hands to cover her eyes. Her chest heaved. The inner pain carved her insides with the accuracy of a blade, and she writhed against the memories. Rohan’s arms wrapped around her, promising a comfort she couldn’t accept. “Please go,” she whispered. “I need you to leave.”
He lifted Emma’s chin and a mask of confusion covered his face. “I need to understand, Em. Please, just give me that?”
“No.” Emma inhaled and wiped her eyes with the sleeve of her ratty fleece. “I’m not revisiting the past for your benefit. You can’t upset Nicky.”
“I’m already upset.” Nicky’s voice echoed in the empty hallway. He peeked around the top spindle of the banister, his face ashen. Emma exhaled as she heard a clunk against the wood.
“Lay the baseball bat down, Nicky!” She ran her sleeve across her eyes and nose before facing him. “Everything is fine. Go to your room, please.”
“No, I can’t because you’re cryin’. And everything isn’t fine. We’ve no food and there’s no money in the electric metre. It will run out in the dark again and I hate that.”
“I’ll take care of it. Put the bat away and I’ll see if there’s anything nice in the cupboard for tea.”
“There isn’t.” Nicky rose and dragged the bat across the bare floorboards. “I’ll put it back, but if that man’s being mean to ya when I get downstairs, I’m gonna chop ‘im.”
Rohan watched the space Nicky vacated and then dropped his gaze to Emma’s face. She saw the reflection of her empty house in his irises and bit her lip. “You can’t stay here.” He shook his head. “I won’t let you.”
“I have a job here and responsibilities. We’re fine and you have no authority over me.”
Rohan stuck out his chin and straightened, casting a shadow over Emma. “We both know that’s not true. You’re not fine and you seem to have forgotten signing a contract giving me authority over you. I won’t leave you here.” He folded his arms and splayed his legs in challenge.
She snorted. “Stay here then. See if I care.”
“Thanks for the invitation.” Rohan set his jaw, his blue eyes flashing the colour of grit.
Emma shrugged, tired of the battle and tired of her life. A nagging voice in her mind welcomed someone else getting up every couple of hours to investigate each strange noise in case of intruders. She lifted her chin in defiance. “Then you should visit a cash machine. Because if you don’t give Fat Brian another fifty tomorrow, he’ll sell your car piece by piece.”

Chapter 4
“I’m gutted about my car.” Rohan sighed in the darkness. Emma rolled her eyes and smiled.
“It’s okay for tonight. But Sunday isn’t a great day to leave town. Everyone gets drunk after tea. Brian will forget who you are if you turn up wanting your car. Last weekend his wife clouted him round the head with a frying pan and he was senseless until Tuesday.”
“I’m astounded you noticed!”
“You sound so snooty. I don’t remember you being like this.” Emma turned on her side.
Rohan shuffled on the sleeping mat, grunting in annoyance as the shared fleece and coat slipped off his body and left him uncovered in the freezing cold room.
“You’re such a baby!” Emma complained. She opened out her sleeping bag and shunted her mat against his. She caused a draught by flipping the bag into a wide rectangle and draping it across them both. Rohan lifted his head off the foam mat and scooted over, groaning as he buried his face in Emma’s pillow.
“It smells of you,” he whispered.
“In what way?” Emma’s voice betrayed her nervousness. She feared her living conditions made her and Nicky smell bad and that nobody had the courage to tell her.
Rohan inhaled. “Shampoo and perfume. I’ve missed you so much.”
Emma smiled in the darkness and pursed her lips. She couldn’t thank him for the compliment, for fear of where it might take them. “Just get some sleep,” she whispered. “Sometimes the neighbours get drunk and fight. You won’t get any peace if that happens. The cops and the council won’t come out here at night so we’re on our own.” Emma turned on her side facing away from him, stunned when Rohan moved across behind her. He fitted his long body against hers, laying his left arm along her side to enclose her. His fingers fluttered against her waist. She inhaled slowly and tried to stop the intense craving in her stomach from blossoming into full blown lust. She couldn’t be with this man, ever.
“I didn’t know it was possible to be so creative with such a tiny amount of food.” Emma heard the smile in his voice. “It was like the feeding of the five thousand. Jesus couldn’t have done better with a few slices of bread and a tin of tuna.” She ignored his observation, and the silence vibrated between them. “Night,” he breathed against the back of her neck.
Rohan lifted onto his elbow and leaned over her, planting a single, tender kiss against her temple. Emma bit her lip and held her breath. She remembered every inch of his body, ingraining it into her mind during happier times. A memory of their shared passion in the Gretna Green motel sent a flush to her cheeks and made her squirm beneath the sleeping bag. She writhed away from his embrace. Still dressed, Rohan slipped his hand beneath her pyjama shirt. Emma inhaled as his fingers settled over her bare stomach. She waited for him to explore further, but he didn’t. Rohan sighed in satisfaction. He lowered his shoulder to the sleeping mat and buried his nose in her curls.
Emma bit back tears. The ridged silver stretch marks from her pregnancy accused her from beneath his touch. Anton had said he must never know the truth. The knot of worry about Anton surfaced again. Why hadn’t he called or visited?
Emma woke with the night at its darkest, her body tense and alert. She stopped and listened, taking her bearings and preparing herself to defend her son. She groped for the cricket bat, panicking when she didn’t find it behind her pillow. Bare windows faced the silent street, black orifices displaying scudding clouds and a half moon. Emma listened for shouts or breaking glass but heard nothing. Yet, something had woken her. A sense of wrongness crackled in the surrounding air.
She remembered Rohan’s presence as he produced a choking sound from the back of his throat. He’d rolled away from her in his sleep and lay sprawled across his mat. He kicked out and caught her calf, causing pain to blossom through the muscle. Emma shuffled sideways and turned to face him.
“He’s dead,” he hissed. The words bubbled from his lips. “They’re all dead.”
“Who?” Panic lit a fire beneath her and she shoved at Rohan’s shoulder. “Who’s dead, Rohan, who?”
He muttered a name she didn’t know, and she relaxed. “Not Nicky?”
Rohan’s fingers clamped around her wrist. “It’s too late!” His wide, staring eyes showed no recognition. His irises glittered like azure gems in the moonlight, and his nails dug into her skin.
She hissed in pain. “Let go of me!” Her voice rose. “You’re dreaming. Rohan. It’s a dream.”
He lashed out with his right leg and caught Emma’s shin. She yelped and bent her legs behind her. Pain ricocheted as far as her knee and bloomed into her thigh. Rohan’s other hand slid over her hair and he gasped. “Where’s your helmet?” Panic edged his voice. “Don’t move, there’s shrapnel everywhere.” He gave a pitiful whimper. “My leg. I can’t feel my legs.”
“Ssshh, Rohan. It’s okay.” Emma worked her arm free from his grip. She kneeled next to him and faltered, unsure what to do next. “Your legs are fine.” She ran her hand from his thigh to his knee. “It was just a dream, see?”
Rohan’s forehead glistened with sweat in the moonlight, and Emma gnawed on her lower lip. She reached out and pressed her cold palm against his head. “Ro! Wake up!” She stroked his face, running her fingers from his temple to the roughness of his jaw. He inhaled as though lacking oxygen, his breath hot and ragged. “What happened to you?” Emma whispered. She leaned over him and cupped his cheeks in her cool hands. Her heart ached, reminding her of how much she’d once loved him. He’d represented her entire world until the day he’d walked out on her, choosing her last behind a war that didn’t need him.
She kissed his forehead and then his nose, sensing him still and his breathing ease. When her lips touched his, she realised her mistake.
Rohan jumped from hell to heaven with breathtaking speed. His nightmare contained no kisses and his chest gave a violent jerk as he swam free of sleep. His muscular arms crossed behind Emma and hauled her against him. She cursed her body as it responded to his frenzied kiss. A new road to destruction yawned beneath her.
Rohan’s lips caressed hers and they struggled for breath between them. His fingers hauled at the buttons of her nightshirt. Emma’s brain played a dangerous game with her sanity. Yes. No. Yes. No. No.
“Stop!” She broke the kiss with a gasp. His heated body acted as a furnace, thawing the ice in her heart. Emma vibrated with the thud of Rohan’s heart through his chest wall.
“Did I hurt you?” His whisper contained sorrow and confusion, still groggy from sleep. His belt buckle dug into her stomach.
“No.” Emma swallowed. “You had a nightmare. I couldn’t wake you.”
He released the fabric of her nightshirt and rolled onto his back. His chest rose and fell with the rhythm of his erratic breathing. “Sorry,” he murmured.
Emma tried to sort out the sleeping mats and failed. When she lay down, the cold floorboards dug into her hip. “Who died?” She used her clasped hands as a pillow and rested her cheek against her knuckles.
Rohan groaned. “Not now, Em. I can’t talk about it now.” He swallowed, the sound loud in the darkness. He grunted and used his stomach muscles to rise, loosening his shirt and slipping it over his head. The scent of sweat and damp fabric hung in the air.
Emma frowned at the metallic clank accompanying his movement. She reached out a hand to his silhouette and touched the dog tags nestled between his pectoral muscles. Rohan stilled as she caressed the familiar surface, reciting its contents in her head. Her fingers explored the chain, the tiny links fiddly and delicate. It was unbreakable until snapped by the hand of another soldier as he collected his fallen brother’s identity.
Emma sighed and let it drop, jarred by the metallic clank of protest. “You’re still serving.” Her tone sounded flat.
“No.”
“When did you leave?” Her brow furrowed in the darkness.
“Six years ago.”
Emma leaned up on her elbow and stared at him. Her hip wedged in the gap between the mats and the discomfort fuelled her anger. Would knowing that fact have made a difference? “Did Anton know?” She asked through gritted teeth. “Did he?”
Rohan exhaled. “We’ll talk tomorrow.” He shifted against the mat and the sleeping bag pulled taut between them.
Emma made a trip to the bathroom and checked the time on her phone. She drank from the tap over the sink, not wanting to put lights on downstairs and waste electricity. She returned to the bedroom to find Rohan rearranging the sleeping mats and straightening their meagre coverings. “You’re not staying here,” he growled. The moonlight danced across his white hair, playing with the highlights and creating a glow around his head.
“You’re not the boss of me.” Emma slumped onto her mat and pushed her feet beneath the sleeping bag. “Don’t think you can turn up after six and a half years and tell me what to do!”
“Too late.” His teeth flashed in the darkness and Emma ground her jaw.
“I just have to call Fat Brian,” she growled. “He’ll get rid of you.”
Rohan forced a low snort of laughter. “He tried. One of his mates is nursing a headache and I think I broke the other one’s arm.”
“Whatever!” Emma pouted. After a moment’s silence, she commented, “I hope you’re joking. You gave him your car.”
“You gave him my car.” Rohan lay down and released a tired breath. The sleeping bag rustled as he turned to face her. “He won’t do anything to it. Wouldn’t dare.”
Emma’s lips twisted into a smirk. Nobody on the estate crossed Fat Brian. He was the Godfather of Greyfriars. “They probably did some joy riding and then pushed it into the river.” The thought brought her no comfort. “You’ll need to leave the estate to call a taxi,” she added. “The driver won’t pick you up here.”
Rohan’s hair moved against the mat. “Fat Brian won’t touch my car.” He sounded so certain, she left him to his delusions.
She drifted off to sleep in the silence, a veil of sadness draping itself over her head.
Emma woke at six in the morning to the sound of the dawn chorus. She loved how the birds sang with the same enthusiasm on the Greyfriars housing estate as they would at Buckingham Palace. Rohan’s arm weighed down her left side, pinning her to the floor. As he stirred and yawned, his fingers brushed across her bare waist. Emma gasped and her stomach tensed.
He groaned. “I haven’t slept on the floor since my army days.” He rolled onto his back and shifted around, cracking his spine. “It sucks. I don’t know how you do this every day.”
Emma sat up and shrugged. She rolled her neck and exhaled. “I don’t have a choice.” She pursed her lips and stilled, realising she’d given him another excuse for dismantling her independence. The frigid air nipped at her toes as she edged from beneath the sleeping bag and opened her suitcase.
Rohan bent his arms and rested his head on his wrists. He watched her through narrowed eyes. “When did you move here?” He tried to remove the heat from the loaded question.
Emma swallowed and dug in her suitcase for clean underwear and a blouse suitable for work. “Almost two years ago.” She glanced back at him and her hair framed her face, a tangle of black curls tumbling over her shoulders.
“Why here?”
She bit her lip and shrugged. “It seemed a good idea on paper. I got a job at the school and the council offered me this house.” She stared around her as regret ticked like a clock in her breast. “I didn’t know it was such a dump until I arrived. It’s clear why nobody else wanted it.” She brightened and gave herself a shake. “On the plus side, you need to live on the estate to find acceptance in the school. So, it makes sense.”
“Right.” Rohan licked his lips. His fringe bounced against his eyelashes. His muscles bulged beneath his tanned skin, each one sculpted and defined. He inhaled. “Can we talk about your son?”
“No.” Emma snatched up her clothing and strode across the room, looking for safety in the bathroom. She paused in the doorway and avoided looking at him, not wanting his familiar lure to unpick her resolve. “Why are you here? What do you want?”
“You.” His gaze burned a hole in the back of her head. His reply held no edge. He’d spoken the truth.
“For a divorce?” Emma twisted the clothes in her hands until they created a rope. She kept her shoulders so stiff they ached.
“No, Em. Never.” He pushed himself up on his arms and his expression clouded. “Till death, remember?” She glanced sideways at him, seeing how his frown accentuated the scars on his face. The dawn light picked out more on the ribs visible above the sleeping bag. Thin red lines crisscrossed his chest like thread veins. “I won’t divorce you.” He stared up at the stained ceiling. “But you can’t stay here with your kid. Is that mould up there?”
Emma nodded. “I tried to bleach it, but it came back.” Her shoulders trembled. “Nicky caught pneumonia last winter and spent a week in hospital. When we got home, squatters had moved in downstairs. Fat Brian threw them out and boarded up the broken window.”
Rohan’s chest rose and fell in her peripheral vision. He exhaled a sigh of exasperation. “You can’t stay here.”
“It’s fine. Chto sdelano, to sdelano.”
Rohan’s jaw dropped and his irises flashed like diamonds. His body stiffened. “What’s done is done. My father used to say that.” His eyes narrowed.
“Did he?” Emma stepped into the hallway, the creaky floorboards setting up an orchestra beneath her feet. “Damn, damn, damn!” she hissed to herself as the bathroom door closed behind her. The freezing cold shower punished her for her speech and for her weakness.

Chapter 5
“What do you mean? I don’t understand.” Emma stood in front of the headteacher with incredulity robbing the colour from her cheeks. Nicky stopped dead in the corridor, holding Rohan’s hand as he showed him a piece of his artwork clinging to a corridor display. The males looked towards the site of the trouble. Nicky turned his body and tensed.
“Is he shoutin’ at my mum?” he spat.
Rohan shook his head. “No mate. Hold on. She’s shouting at him.”
“My mum don’t shout,” Nicky replied and tried to shuck Rohan’s hand.
“Wait!” Rohan gripped his fingers, and Nicky squeezed his face into a scowl.
Emma postured at the end of the corridor, her body rigid. The headteacher swept his gaze from her heeled boots to her cleavage. She’d curled her chestnut curls into sedate ringlets and pressed them into a ponytail. Smart grey trousers and a white blouse completed her professional appearance. Her brown eyes flashed with dismay as she tried to process Paul Brown’s words. Bile stirred in her stomach as his lascivious glance stroked along the line of buttons keeping her blouse closed. “We can’t afford to keep you on,” he said, his smirk as oily as his greying hair.
Emma took a threatening step towards him. “Is this because I knocked you back?” she hissed. “You’re firing me because I wasn’t interested in an affair with you?” Her voice climbed at the end of her sentence and Brown shot a look along the corridor behind her. His eyes widened at the sight of Rohan’s wide hand clasping Nicky’s fingers. Realisation dawned, and he took a step away from Emma.
“I don’t want any trouble.” He gulped. “You aren’t a permanent staff member, so put in a timesheet for the last few weeks and I’ll pay you as normal.”
“You’re a disgrace!” Emma raised her voice and scorn filled her eyes. “You’re a sexual predator. I intend to complain to the Education Department about you.” She jabbed a finger into his chest and her hand shook.
Brown dipped forward. “Try it. I can hold your last payment pending an investigation. Is that what you want?”
Emma floundered. Her mouth opened and closed as defeat locked her jaw.
“Problem, Em?” Rohan appeared next to her and she glanced up at him.
“He fired me.” She whispered the words as though speaking them out loud might make them true. Nicky clutched Rohan’s fingers until his tiny knuckles whitened. Fear radiated from him in waves.
Paul Brown bent like a reed in the face of Rohan’s masculinity, and Emma rallied. She leaned in to deliver an insult, the only recourse still available to her. “One day, you’ll bite off more than you can chew,” she hissed. “I’d love to see that happen.”
Rohan’s irises flashed at her words. Emma saw the skinny headmaster as though from his elevated height and wished she could borrow Rohan’s physical dominance for a moment. Paul Brown turned his back on her, striding away in his sensible shoes. “I’d like you to leave the premises now, Miss Harrington. Don’t make me call someone.” Emma watched him suffer a moment of confusion. The police would come with reluctance, if at all.
Emma’s cheeks appeared flushed and angry, her hazel eyes on fire above her heightened colour. She turned to Rohan with disbelief. “What an ars...” She decided against the curse word, seeing the distress on her son’s face.
“I don’t want to go into class.” Nicky’s bottom lip wobbled and the machoism disappeared like water down a drain. “What we gonna do, Mum? How we gonna eat and pay for stuff?” Panic lit in the boy’s eyes and he pressed the flat of his hand to Emma’s stomach. “Mummy?”
“Hey, that’s enough!” Rohan bent from the waist and scooped Nicky up into his arms. The child was too big for pickups, but he clung to the former soldier like a drowning man to driftwood. Rohan put a firm arm around Emma’s shoulders as her chest heaved with shock. He leaned close to her ear and whispered, “Unless you want me to smack him hard enough to make his head fall off, we should probably leave.”
Emma glanced up at the sound of small children bouncing into the building and disgorging themselves from outdoor clothing. “Hello, Miss Harrington,” they chorused as they passed her. Emma gulped and forced a smile onto her face as a boy with beautiful brown irises and skin the colour of melted chocolate pressed a piece of paper into her hand.
“I did this for you, Miss H. Nicky said he don’t mind if I marry you.” The child beamed, his wide eyes searching for approval. Emma smiled, fighting tears as she patted his afro.
“Bless you, Mohammed.” She gulped.
The boy glanced up at Nicky. He’d buried his face in Rohan’s collar. He yanked on Nicky’s shoe. “Is this your dad?” He touched a tentative finger to Rohan’s hip, and edged closer to haul on Nicky’s foot again. “Share ‘im, Nick? Can he be my dad too?”
Nicky popped out of Rohan’s neck, displaying a face streaked with tears. He opened his mouth and certain he was about to blurt out her unfortunate circumstances, Emma stopped the touching moment from progressing. “We’re heading out, Mo. See you later.”
Taking her lead, Rohan strode from the building carrying Emma’s son like an army kit bag over his shoulder. His other arm created a protective arc around her. Going against the tide of people seemed painful. Everyone acknowledged her with a wave or a greeting. “Day off? All right for some.” A woman with no teeth made a passing joke and Emma didn’t put her straight. Every single pair of eyes stared warily at Rohan, and by the time they reached Emma’s peeling front door, his brow had furrowed into a line.
“They’ve stared holes through me!” he commented, trying to stand Nicky up on the hall floor of Emma’s house. The child clung to his neck and refused to release his grip.
“Nicky, stop!” Emma snapped. “I’ll sort it all out, don’t worry! I always do.” She stalked through to the kitchen, angry at herself for attacking her son. He’d never gone hungry, but she often did. Emma flicked the kettle on to boil and leaned her backside against the work surface. She blew out slowly through pursed lips and heard Rohan whispering something to Nicky in the hall. She thought about Mohammed’s cute face and his desperation for a male role model in his life. “Is this your dad?” His question punished Emma and she shook her head and wished life had taken different turns for her. She pulled out the childish love letter jammed in her pocket and smiled at the delicate brown stick man holding hands with a fat stick woman drawn in yellow. ‘Can yoo b mi wif?’ he’d written, without adult help. Emma folded it and put it back into her pocket. “No point crying over spilt milk,” she whispered to herself, jumping as Rohan strode past her into the room. He lifted the milk carton from the windowsill and poked his nose into the hole.
“Ugh!” He held it at arm’s length and pulled a face. “I dunno, Em. I think this could get pretty close to crying.” He tipped it down the sink, swilling it away and washing the carton out under the tap.
“I’ll get some more after you leave,” Emma replied, knowing full well she wouldn’t have any money. She needed to humiliate herself by signing on at the benefits office. She groaned and shook her head, feeling sick at the idea of begging for handouts. Nicky’s footsteps clomped overhead and she raised an eyebrow at Rohan.
“He’s upset.” He spun round looking for the dustbin.
“Just leave it on the side, please. I’ll deal with everything once we’ve got your car back and you’re on your way.” Emma’s wooden smile revealed her inner panic. Her brain performed flips and cartwheels as she tried to work out how to salvage her situation.
Rohan walked towards the door, stopping at the last minute to enfold Emma in a tight hug. “Don’t be kind to me,” she muttered into his sweater. “It’ll make it worse.”
Rohan sniffed and kissed the top of her head. “Idiot! I’ll treat you as well as I want to. You can’t stop me, vozlyublennaya.”
Emma pressed her face against his chest and closed her eyes. Her hands strayed to his waist and she allowed herself to fantasise about how different life could have been if the army hadn’t sent Rohan to Afghanistan and left her alone.
“Em,” Rohan whispered. “Why did that guy fire you? What did you mean about an affair?” Caution tightened his tone with perhaps an edge of jealousy.
Emma squeezed her eyes closed even tighter. “He’s a total sleaze. Women are only safe if they’re over fifty and sometimes, not even then. He’s been working up to it for a while, but he tried to kiss me on Friday. I told him no and at the time he seemed okay. I thought I’d got away with it. Most women quit, but a couple have obliged him to keep their jobs.” She inhaled and looked around the derelict kitchen. “The question is how desperate is that desperate?”
“I wanted to knock him into next week!” Rohan spat.
Emma pressed herself closer against him, a wave of gratitude washing from her toes to the top of her head. “He’d love to have you arrested for assault and ruin your life too. And as for complaining about him, don’t even go there. Many have tried. His brother is the chair of the board of governors, so nothing sticks.”
Emma jumped at the hollow banging sound coming from the stairs. She held her breath, wriggling free of Rohan’s clutches to investigate. “What are you doing?” she demanded, furrowing her brow as Nicky thumped his suitcase down every single stair.
“Movin’ out!” he said. His jaw ground against his soft cheek.
Emma’s face fell and she panicked. “No, Nicky!”
The child ran to the top of the stairs and began the operation again. Her suitcase banged down every step until it got too heavy. It tipped from his fingers and he watched in dismay as it plummeted to the bottom and added a dent to the smooth surface of the wall. “Oops!” he said, his hand over his mouth. “Sorry.”
Emma intercepted her son, pulling him to sit on the step with her. She lowered her voice so Rohan couldn’t hear. “Nicky, we’ve nowhere to go, baby. Let Rohan leave and I’ll sort this mess out. Okay?”
Nicky shook his head with certainty. “No Mum, we’re leaving now.” As Rohan’s handsome face appeared over the banister, Nicky pointed at him. “We’re goin’ wiv him. He said so. I’ll grab the sleeping bags and mats.” The child stood and trotted upstairs, leaving Emma with her head in her hands. She glared at Rohan through her fingers.
“I can sort my own life out, thanks!” she bit. He shrugged and smiled, a cute dimple appearing on his right cheek.
“I didn’t say you couldn’t. But you need a break from all this, even for a week.” He jerked his head at their surroundings. “Come away from here and things will seem less desperate.” He held his hand out towards her and Emma closed her eyes and ignored it.
“Nicky has school.”
“We’ll enroll him at the school near me and before you say it, I’ll pay for his uniform. It’s not a big deal there, anyway. He can keep his black trousers and shoes, and it’s a royal blue jumper or sweatshirt. It won’t hurt him to go somewhere different for a while.”
“I don’t know!” Emma sounded agonised.
Rohan grinned as Nicky appeared at the top. The child threw the sleeping bags down the stairs, remembering Emma’s presence at the last minute. “Sorry Mummy!”
She groaned and shook her head from beneath the bedding. It smelled musty and muffled Nicky’s sniggering. His shoes clumped down next to her, and Emma felt his spindly arms around her neck. His sweater covered her face. “I’m taking Uncle Ro to Fat Brian’s to fetch his car. Then we’ll leave. Everything’s gonna be okay, Mummy. I’ll take care of you.”
Nicky released her and thudded down the last step. By the time Emma fought her way out of the sleeping bags, the front door rocked back and forth on its hinges in the breeze. She’d left her objection too late, but her heart quivered at the notion of coming face to face with her stepmother again. She would never be safe around Alanya Harrington but worse, nor would her son. The woman would hurt them, just like she promised.

Chapter 6
“What do you do for a living?” Emma tried to make conversation as Rohan navigated onto the main highway, moving south through the English countryside.
“I’m an actuary.” His tone held an element of distraction. He knitted his brow and glared in the rear-view mirror at a transit van following too close to his bumper. “Em, look behind us, will you? Did you notice that transit anywhere around your house over the last twenty-four hours?”
Emma turned her head, taking a cursory look through the rear window. She used it as an excuse to check on Nicky. He slept on the back seat, his cheeks pink and his blond hair tousled. A line of dribble worked its way down his chin. Emma squinted at the van. “Nope. I don’t remember it. It can’t have been on our estate because it still has wheels.”
Rohan snorted with laughter before realising she meant it. “It was pretty bad there,” he agreed. “Thank goodness for Fat Brian and his protection racket!”
“He’s actually quite a fair bloke.” Emma sighed. “They’re all decent people stuck in a bad rut. Like me.” She stared through the windscreen at the green fields rolling by and stretched out her legs. The tension left her spine. “You always liked maths at school, so I guess an actuary was your kind of thing.”
“You know what one is?” He sounded impressed.
“Isn’t it someone who works out risk for major corporations? So, if there’s a massive earthquake and buildings get damaged, you work out how much to put everyone’s insurance premiums up by next year. You’re the smiling assassins of the financial market.”
“Kind of.” Rohan frowned. “I’m interested in your use of the word assassin.” He moved the vehicle into the outside lane as a light rain speckled the windscreen. “Imagine a disgruntled employee at a bank steals sensitive information. Knowledge is power, and he might use it in several ways.”
Emma clicked her fingers. “Like the bank teller who stole evidence detailing customers involved in tax evasion. He handed it over to the British government.”
“Yeah, like that. So, the company he worked for would have set actuaries crunching the numbers. They’d work out the financial risks involved with each possible outcome. The employee had options, holding them to ransom or publishing the information on the grey web.”
Emma kicked off her boots and drew her feet onto the seat. She wrapped her arms around her knees. “How many of them expected he’d give the data to Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs?” She turned her head to study Rohan’s expression. His eyes glazed in thought and he drove on autopilot. Her fingers itched to touch him, and she stuffed her hands beneath her thighs.
Rohan moved the vehicle past a truck and slipped back into the slower lane. His gaze flicked to the rear-view mirror and he frowned. “The guy who stole the data kissed goodbye to his job the second he acted. A good actuary will anticipate all the significant risks based on mathematical calculation and experience. Each of those scenarios carries a probable level of threat. The bank needed to know what each risk factor entailed and how it could affect them as a corporate. They might take a financial hit on the stock market or lose customer trust.”
“What happens after that?” Emma closed her eyes and let Rohan’s voice wash over her. “How can they stop it?”
“They’ll pass the risk on to the customer. An actuary works out how to spread the cost across a particular set of clients without disrupting business or damaging customer relationships. If it’s obvious to customers and they leave, it’s counterproductive because the bank pays the bill for the risk, anyway.”
“So, where do you come in?” Emma opened one eye and peered sideways at him. Sunlight peeked through the rain clouds and set Rohan’s ash blond hair on fire. “I can’t imagine you sitting at a desk all day.” She watched the concentration on his face as he changed lanes again, increasing the speed of the car and glancing often in the mirrors. “Do you work for a bank?”
Rohan shook his head. “I’m brought in at the start before the media gets involved. If I can fix things, nobody ever needs to hear about it. I’m a contractor, working for myself.”
“Is that what you did in the army?” Her voice sounded small and far away, hurt creeping into her tone. “Calculated risk with mathematical formulae?”
“It was broader than that.” Rohan glanced sideways at her and the scar beneath his eye deepened with his frown. “I monitored security systems and worked out logistics.” He scuffed over a role he still couldn’t discuss. “You might not remember, but I took accounting papers and fitted them around my shifts.”
Emma gave a shallow nod. “I remember.”
“By the end of my army career, I’d done enough to finish the degree. I took university papers to become a chartered accountant and then specialised in actuarial services.” Rohan paused and bit his lip. Emma noticed the wince of pain cross his face. His jaw tensed and she wondered what had terminated his army career with such speed and caused the scarring to his face and chest.
“Why did you quit?” The question held enough aggression to appear rude. She wanted to know why he didn’t search for her but resisted. Anton had hidden them well.
“I just did.” He reached forward and turned the knob for the radio. A newscaster’s voice gave a weather forecast.
“Sorry.” She looked away from him and faced the side window. A grunt from Nicky made her turn. His eyes stayed closed but his head lolled forward. Emma reached between the seats and pressed her fingers to his forehead to take the pressure off his neck. He grunted again and shifted position.
She sat round in her seat, stretching out her shoulder from the strain of reaching her son. Her hand brushed Rohan’s arm and he glanced at her. “Is he okay?”
She nodded. “He’s fine. I hope the cops don’t stop us and ask why he isn’t sitting in a booster seat.” She pursed her lips and considered her next question, aware she’d already annoyed him with her probing. “Does your mother live in the same town as you?”
“Yeah.” He checked the side mirror and overtook a car and trailer. “She sold the house she bought with your father’s money and took an apartment in a residential building for older people.”
Emma released a breath and leaned forward as she spoke. “I should have discussed this with you before I agreed to come, but I don’t want your mother to know we’re staying with you. I don’t care how that happens, but I can’t run into her.” She narrowed her eyes and glared at him. “Do we understand each other?”
Rohan tutted. “She hasn’t seen you for over six years, Emma. I’m sure any hostility between you is overdue some forgiveness.”
Emma’s fingers scrabbled at the door handle. “Stop the car,” she hissed. “Let us get out.”
“No!” Panic entered his voice and he pressed a button to isolate the central locking. “We’re travelling at seventy miles per hour. You can’t just get out!” He reached for her right hand and crushed her fingers in his. “I agree, okay. I agree!”
Emma ceased struggling but her fingers remained over the door handle. “I mean it,” she growled. “I don’t want to see her and she can’t find out about Nicky.”
“Fine!” Rohan exhaled. “She won’t come to the house. Her arthritis makes it difficult for her to walk. I just won’t mention you.”
“Make sure you don’t!” Emma glanced into the back at Nicky. He resembled Anton in sleep, his blond hair tousled and his lips puckering. Like Anton, and Rohan, and their mother.
She faced the windscreen and squeezed the bridge of her nose between finger and thumb. “We shouldn’t have come.” She shook her head. “It’s a terrible idea.”
“Your son didn’t think so.” Rohan’s expression softened and he glanced in the rear-view mirror. It occurred to Emma that he wasn’t watching the road but the child on the back seat. A knot of fear wound itself tighter in her gut.
“Will you promise me something?” Rohan’s voice cut across an update about the English rugby team. “Don’t run off without telling me first, please?” His fingers pressed against hers.
“What like going to the shops or down to the park.” Sarcasm oozed through her words.
“You know what I mean!” He sounded tired and guilt prickled in Emma’s chest. He’d spent a night on the floor and another day in the car because of her.
She relented. “Fine! If I can find you, I’ll tell you.”
“No, Emma! Find me and tell me! And if you can’t find me, you don’t leave.”
“Whatever.” Emma employed insolence to avoid making a promise she couldn’t keep. She wrestled her hand free from beneath Rohan’s and gripped his fingers. White lined scars dotted the back of his hand. A deeper one across his knuckles looked rugged and pink. She stroked it with her index finger, tracing the line to its end where it created a dent in Rohan’s baby finger. She looked up to find him gritting his teeth.
“Fine then!” she conceded like a sulky teenager. “I’ll tell you if I want to leave. Unlike you, who just walked out and left me.” The words spilled free without control and she bit her tongue to stop herself revealing more of her bitterness.
Rohan sighed. “If I could take that back, I would. I have a lot of regrets but that is my biggest.”
Emma withdrew her hand and left Rohan’s fingers lying limp on the seat. He tutted again and placed both hands on the steering wheel as though not sure what to do next. The windscreen wipers scraped from side to side as the rain increased.
They passed a town sign for ‘Corby’ and Emma tensed. “Is this where you live?” she asked.
Rohan shook his head. “No. I bought a house in Market Harborough. You’ll like it there.”
“Do you regret marrying me?” She blurted the sentence without prior thought. Rohan’s azure irises sparkled like raindrops hit by headlights. Emma continued, realising she couldn’t take back the question. “Is that one of your regrets?”
Rohan paused for long enough to make her squirm. Then he shook his head. “I’m glad I married you, Em, whatever you might think. I’d do it again.”
Emma’s cheeks flushed with the awkwardness of the moment. When she didn’t respond, he pointed to the road. “Not far now.” “Probably about twenty minutes in this weather. I need to fetch something before we go to the house. Then you’ll be a resident of Market Harborough, home of the king’s army during the Civil War and proud location of a school house on stilts.”
“Oh, goody.” Emma didn’t hide the sarcasm in her tone.
Rohan shook his head. “I’ve missed some parts of your humour more than others.”
She shrugged and stared through the window at the bare trees. They blurred against the tears prickling behind her eyelids. “Hello Market Harborough,” she whispered. “Please be kind with me?”

Chapter 7
“I’ll get in touch with the benefits office and perhaps they’ll help me. Then I could pay rent for the next two weeks.” Emma breathed out a nervous sigh and stroked the black dog’s soft ears.
“I don’t need you to pay rent. You can house sit for me when I’m away. That means you’re working for me.” Rohan leaned against the kitchen counter and folded his arms. Nicky’s footsteps pattered overhead as he explored. He’d enjoyed fetching Rohan’s dog from the kennels, using the time to stroke a litter of puppies in the office.
“I’d like to pay my way.” Emma fingered the dog’s leather collar and he turned to lick her wrist. Her shoulders slumped. “It’s so unfair. I worked double the hours Paul Brown paid me for putting that archives department right.”
“The guy was an idiot. He needed a slap.”
“True, but I hadn’t finished the task. Which means they’ll damage things for their centennial and use the original photos. I didn’t finish scanning them all and the teacher in charge won’t know how.”
Emma slumped onto the couch in the corner of the kitchen. The dog sidled towards her with a wagging tail. He sat next to her, pressing his furry body against her legs. “I didn’t think you were the doggie sort.” Emma glanced up at Rohan and he lifted his fingers in a rude gesture. She laughed. As she watched him turn aside to make a hot drink, her dire circumstances crowded round her and she grew silent.
Rohan stirred teabags into two mugs at the kitchen counter. He dumped them into the sink one at a time before adding milk. “Sugar?” His blue eyes fixed on Emma’s blank face and he waited for her answer. The dog sneezed on her foot and she jumped in fright.
“Farrell, get in your bed.” Rohan jabbed his finger at him. The dog sloped into the adjoining conservatory with a sigh. “Em, do you want sugar?” He asked again, lifting one corner of his lip in a wistful smile.
“Oh, no thanks.” Emma flushed pink with embarrassment at her momentary lapse in concentration. A sense of rightness ticked in the back of her brain at the sight of Rohan padding around the kitchen in his socks. He offered the steaming mug to her handle first.
She took it with a lame smile, almost slopping it over herself as Rohan sat next to her. Emma pressed herself against the corner of the two-seater sofa, wishing she’d sat at the breakfast bar instead. The drink burned her lips as she sipped as a distraction from Rohan’s powerful proximity. His trouser leg brushed against her thigh and he rested his left ankle on his right knee, bracing his leg against hers. He exhaled and a look of pain creased his forehead for a fraction of a second. “Long day.” He smiled at Emma sideways and she looked away, taking it as a rebuke.
“Sorry.” She hung her head and stared at a fleck of tea leaf circling the mug.
Rohan tutted. “I didn’t blame you.” He rested his drink on his knee and stretched out his other arm behind her. She sensed his hand at the back of her neck and felt a slight tug as he twirled one of her curls in his fingers. She pulled her head forward and the curl slipped free. Rohan glanced at her with mischief in his eyes and selected another one.
“Nothing’s changed! You’re still such a pain!” Emma huffed and he smirked, a handsome lopsided grin revealing the dimple in his cheek. His eyes sparkled with danger and he tilted his head to one side. Emma tried to ignore him, diverting her attention to her drink.
“Where did you get your degree?” His question surprised her.
“Wales.” Emma didn’t name the university town and Rohan didn’t pick up on her subterfuge. “The work at the primary school was my first proper archiving job. I started making a dent in my student loan.”
“It couldn’t have been easy to study and raise a little boy.”
Emma shook her head and twisted her mug in her fingers. “No.”
“What did you study?”
“History and librarianship with archival papers. I took a conjoint degree.”
Rohan nodded and his eyes narrowed. “Why did you leave Wales? Did you not find work?”
She considered her answer with care. Anton’s many warnings rang in her mind. It hurt that she’d already broken the biggest of her promises to him. She wondered what he’d say about her betrayal. “I did some cafe work but that wouldn’t get rid of the debt long term. I landed an awesome librarian job at the National Library of Wales but it didn’t work out for me.” Emma’s jaw tightened. It didn’t work out because Lucya died and she’d been evicted from their shared council house. She exhaled and wished he’d stop attempting to fill in the blanks of the last six years. It seemed like poetic justice when she’d done the same to him in the car.
“You’ve done well, vozlyublennaya. I’m proud of you.”
Emma gulped at his admission and it silenced her. She squeezed the bridge of her nose to stop the threatening tears escaping. Only Lucya had ever said those words to her. She’d watched her struggle with a baby and school and admired the fight. Emma exhaled slowly through pursed lips and grappled for control.
“I hope you’ll be happy here.” Rohan twirled another curl and watched it arc around his fingers.
Emma shrugged. “It’s only temporary.” She added an unaccustomed hardness into her tone. Rohan released the curl and it slithered down her neck and settled over her left breast. His withdrawing fingers brushed her shoulder and his touch sent forgotten sensations along her skin. Emma shivered and closed her eyes. “If you want us to look after Farrell while you’re away, you’ll need to give me some details. When do you leave?”
“In a couple of days, once you’ve settled. I need to do some research. I’ll spend a few days in London finalising arrangements and then go on this next job.”
“Are you away for the full two weeks?” Emma risked a look at his profile. Her heart hammered at the sight of his long eyelashes dusting the honey tan of his cheek. She battled with the memory of her fingers gliding across his skin. His classic Russian genes gave him a strong profile with a thin nose arching over soft lips. When he turned to her, Emma quailed beneath the force of his personality.
“The job takes as long as it takes. It hasn’t mattered before, but this time is different.”
“Why?” Emma tipped forward with interest. She placed her mug on the floor.
“Because of him.” Rohan nodded towards the dog. Farrell had snuck back into the kitchen and laid next to Emma’s foot. He sat up straight and cocked his head in Rohan’s direction. “I never kept pets before, so I could just come and go.”
“Why did you get him then?” Emma frowned, her sympathy with the dog.
Rohan’s expression darkened. “He isn’t mine.”
Emma exhaled in confusion. “I don’t understand. Did you borrow him just to lure us here?”
“No.” Rohan shook his head. He pursed his lips and swallowed. “I need to talk to you about something.”
Emma tensed. Intuition told her a blow hung over her head. She drew her feet together and braced herself. “What?”
“He’s Anton’s dog.” The only unexpected content in the sentence related to the dog’s ownership. Emma allowed her shoulders to relax.
“I didn’t know he had a dog.” She exhaled. “He visited us often and never mentioned it.” She clamped her teeth over her lower lip. “Did you know he kept in touch with me?”
Rohan leaned forward and gave a slow nod. “I didn’t until a few weeks ago.” He placed his feet over the grout between two tiles, the action precise.
Emma swallowed. “Right. Are you angry?”
She glanced sideways to see him raise an eyebrow. “Not anymore.” His shoulders sagged. He lifted a hand to press his fingers against his forehead. “I don’t know how to say this, Em.”
“Say what?” She turned sideways on the seat and observed his struggle. Fear rose from her gut and set her tongue in motion. “Remember when Anton fell out of the apple tree and landed on your head?” She rubbed her eyes, feeling the scratchiness of exhaustion.
“I remember.” Rohan’s face tightened with stress, crow’s feet appearing around his eyes.
Emma swallowed. She’d already broken her promise to Anton by reconnecting with Rohan. Now, she’d betrayed his continued visits too. She stared at her hands in shame. Farrell sat up and whined. “Please don’t be mad at Anton,” she whispered. “He’s been a good friend.” Emma couldn’t look at Rohan. His blue irises created fathomless lagoons in his face and she couldn’t bear to see the condemnation there.
“He died.”
She didn’t understand him at first, the words jarring and out of place. “What?” Emma blinked, her mascara spreading beneath her eyes from the rubbing of her fingers. She convinced herself she’d misheard.
“Anton died.” Rohan cleared his throat. “He asked a few things of me. One of them was to take his dog.”
Emma’s jaw worked but no sound emerged. An image of her vibrant stepbrother danced unbidden across her inner vision. He wore one of his mother’s voluminous nightdresses and chased Rohan across the garden with the hosepipe. Rohan lashed out and the fabric ripped, condemning them all to yet another night without dinner. So, Anton climbed down the drainpipe and stole crab apples which made them all sick. “No!” Emma shook her head, responding to Rohan’s lack of emotion. “It’s not true. You’re lying!” Her voice rose and she covered her ears with her hands. “He’s driving up to see us on Boxing Day. He always takes us for lunch on Boxing Day.” Her hands balled into fists as anger bubbled into her throat. Rohan’s cruel trick stirred a fire in her soul. She rocked forward as he watched her with pity in his blue eyes. “He has to come,” she whispered. “He has to.”
“I’m sorry, Em. He died at the end of the summer.” He gulped and took a sip of his drink, his knuckles rubbing at a spot on his right thigh which caused him to wince. He massaged the skin through his trousers, but the action seemed to bring him no comfort. “This is a messed up way of telling you.” Rohan’s lips twisted into a grimace. “He loved you very much and sent his regards.” He looked away and Emma saw his jawbone showing through his skin, tight and wooden as he held onto his emotions. “He tried to tell me something before he died. About you.” He stopped rubbing his thigh and left his hand there, a hard fist formed from his fingers.
Emma sniffed. Her body rigidified as though her muscles wrestled an explosion. Rohan leaned forward and dumped his mug on the tiled floor at the same moment as she kicked sideways and knocked hers. Tea cascaded from it and the crockery smashed against the hard tiles. The dog jumped and ran into the conservatory.
“Hey.” Rohan’s arms enfolded her, wrapping her in a firm embrace. “He’s gone home, Emma. He told me to say, ‘Mother Russia salutes you, Tsarina Emma,’ in that stupid accent he did.” His lips touched the top of her head. “He died in pain because he left it too late to get help. I’m glad you didn’t see him.”
The first of Emma’s sobs began as delicate hiccoughs, giving way to a wail of misery. Her body constricted into a ball and Rohan pulled her into his lap and held her. He rocked and soothed her until the hitching of her chest ceased. Nicky wheeled his suitcase overhead having decided on a bedroom.
“It’s okay,” Rohan whispered. The catch in his voice bonded them again in a common grief as Emma cried enough for them both. She sat sideways in his lap for a long time, sniffing into his shirt and feeling his chest rise and fall against her cheek. The scene felt comforting and familiar. Rohan stroked her hair and breathed light kisses onto her damp temple.
“I didn’t know he got sick.” Emma’s voice broke as her lungs complained about the crying. She wiped her nose with the back of her hand.
“Nor did I until too late.” Rohan kept his lips against her clammy skin, making his voice sound muted. He pulled away, leaving a cool spot as a reminder of what might have been but now never would. “He told me to find you and also look after his dog.” Rohan sighed and his chest heaved against Emma. She sat up straight.
“When did he die? Is that why you brought me here?”
Rohan used the cuff of his expensive shirt to wipe the snot and tears from her flushed face. “Four months ago, and no, vozlyublennaya. Meeting you at the wedding was pure chance. I hadn’t started looking for you yet.”
“You weren’t going to, were you?” Emma’s face clouded, her brow knitted in lines of concentration. She looked like a five-year-old and accentuated the image, scrubbing her fingers across her eyes. Rohan pulled her hand away.
“Yeah, I was. As soon as I got back from this job.”
Emma heard the lie behind Rohan’s words and shelved the sense of betrayal. She added it to the little box in her heart, along with all the others. “He promised he’d visit us on Boxing Day.” Emma’s voice sounded small.
“Em, he lived two weeks longer than the doctors gave him. He wrote your address on a piece of paper, but his hand shook so much it was illegible. His heart gave out that night and I couldn’t ask him any questions. He wouldn’t talk about it.” Rohan’s breath caught in his chest. “I would have looked for you.”
A light began in Emma’s eyes like the rekindling of a fire. She thought it died, but realised it still simmered beneath the ash. It defied her sense of reason. He’d lied to her. He had no intention of seeking her, but she’d wanted him to.
Rohan studied her and Emma felt him stir beneath her. He put his hand behind her neck and pulled her forward, resting his forehead against hers. His breath stroked her face and she relaxed, waiting for his lips to crush hers and knowing she wanted it. Rohan patted her thigh with the flat of his hand. “Up. I’m getting a dead leg.”
Disappointment coursed through Emma’s psyche, making her waspish and cross. She retrieved the biggest shards of her broken cup from the soaked tiles and stalked to the dustbin in the corner. Then she grappled with the kitchen roll, dealing with the spill and the smaller broken pieces. Turning, she saw the black dog lapping at the mess between the sections of the cup. He licked up the spilled tea with a pink tongue. Anton’s black dog. Rohan remained seated but moved the dog away with his foot, rubbing his right knee at the same time. He looked tired and careworn.
“Sorry, am I too heavy?” Emma bent to retrieve Rohan’s cup of cooled tea from the floor next to him.
“No,” he replied, sounding exhausted. “Not that.” His words made Emma falter in confusion but he dismissed the moment, hauling himself to his feet.
“How did Anton die?” Emma asked, her voice a whisper.
“Cancer.” Rohan brushed a strand of hair from her cheek as he said the curse word. “Diagnosed in the summer and gone two months later. He left it too late to get help though he must have known for ages.”
Emma shook her head at the speed of her stepbrother’s demise. Rohan looked wrung out, dark circles appearing under his eyes. She squashed her endless questions, putting them back into the box in her heart.
A knock on the front door made her jump and Rohan smiled in amusement at her overreaction. He walked into the hallway and peered through the leaded glass. “You’re fine down here,” he said. “I don’t think there’s a Fat Brian in this town.” When he opened the door, Emma heard a female voice echoing in the porch outside, then the click of heels as someone entered. She steeled herself to meet the visitor, hoping and praying it wouldn’t be Rohan’s mother. Her fists clenched and her heart rate rose. It wasn’t Alanya, but this visitor’s entrance devastated her, anyway.
“Oh, hi.” The pretty woman stripped off her long black coat and draped it over the arm of the sofa. She kicked off her stiletto shoes with accomplished ease. “I’m Felicity.” She extended a manicured hand and Emma reached out and shook the cold fingers. “How was your trip, darling?” She stood on tip toes next to Rohan and kissed his cheek, leaving a line of pink lipstick like a stamp of ownership.
Rohan shrugged and yawned. “Tiring. But I found a house sitter for Farrell. This is Emma, my...” The pause sounded awkward to Emma. “Stepsister.” Rohan struggled for a label and settled on the more obvious one.
Felicity looked and sounded relieved, her face softening at the edges and the threat leaving her body language. “Oh, that’s great! How wonderful.”
Emma narrowed her brown eyes at the inflection in the other woman’s voice. Somehow, she’d managed to make it sound anything but wonderful. Emma swallowed at Rohan’s casual dismissal of her to step sibling status, confusion knitting her brow. His earlier affection seemed dirtied by the entrance of someone who behaved like his girlfriend.
“I would have stayed here for you,” Felicity simpered, running light fingers up and down Rohan’s right biceps. “I’m here most of the time anyway, so I might as well.”
“You don’t like dogs.” The simple statement dismissed her offer and Rohan moved his arm away from her. Emma watched with interest, perplexed by the numbness in his eyes. He left the room without saying anything else, leaving the women standing opposite each other. Awkwardness descended like a curtain. Farrell finished his clean-up operation and sauntered over to Emma, sitting on her foot with apparent acceptance of her guardianship. They both fixed their gaze on Felicity.
She appeared beautiful in a teenage doll kind of way and Emma felt her heart sink at the idea of ever competing with her. She resolved not to bother. It wasn’t why she came. It’s temporary, she reminded herself. She promised Anton.
Farrell sneezed twice, letting out a whoosh of doggy spit which sprayed Felicity’s bare legs with frightening accuracy. “Bloody hell!” she complained, dabbing at her catwalk couture skirt with red nailed fingers. Emma reached behind her to snatch up the kitchen roll and offer her a piece. “Thanks.” She took it with grace and resumed her dabbing. Giving up on the skirt, she ran the tissue down her shins with a look of disgust.
“Dog snot’s awful, isn’t it?” Emma sympathised, looking down at her jeans with Farrell’s crusty decorations dotted around the ankles. He looked up at the mention of his bodily fluid, smiling and lolling his tongue. Anton’s dog. At the thought of her stepbrother’s vibrant nature so easily extinguished, Emma took a sharp inhale and tried to imagine a world without his exuberance. She couldn’t. The pieces slotted into place and she understood why he didn’t acknowledge receipt of her last email containing Nicky’s latest school photo. Or why he hadn’t answered her texts.
Rohan reappeared, clumping down the stairs and smiling at the tail wag the dog gave him. He ignored the women as though they didn’t exist. “Come on, Faz,” he patted his side and the dog lurched forward. “Last go around the garden and then it’s bedtime.” Rohan slipped his feet into a pair of trainers by the back door, struggling with his right foot. The door clicked shut behind him and the women heard a tennis ball bounce on the paving slabs, accompanied by a happy woof.
“It’s a bit early for bed, isn’t it?” Felicity watched Rohan’s strong frame throw the ball outside. The conservatory light back lit his outline. She bit a cherry coloured lip with sensuous poise.
“Not for me. I’m knackered. It’s been an exceptionally long weekend!” Emma smiled a painful, wooden expression and left the room, jealousy rising to dangerous levels. She gritted her teeth against its slippery embrace, reminding herself she had no claim on Rohan. A final glance saw Felicity standing in the centre of the kitchen, pirouetting like a graceful ballerina with tissue in hand as she searched for the dustbin.
Emma looked in on Nicky. He lay snuggled up in one corner of the double bed, hugging his favourite Action Man. He snored lightly and Emma retrieved the decongestant oil from her suitcase, spotting a few drops onto his pillow in the half light. “Night baby,” she whispered, placing a kiss on his warm cheek. “I don’t need you getting sick now.” She stood in the doorway and watched her son with love in her eyes, unable to imagine the grief of losing a child. Anton’s death must have affected Alanya. For the first time in her life, she sent vibes of sympathy to Rohan’s spiteful mother, not as the inconvenient daughter of a cash rich meal ticket, but from one mother to another.

Chapter 8
Emma lay awake in the pre-dawn, contemplating her life and displeased with the dreadful turn in her circumstances. She’d lost her archiving job and by the time Rohan tired of her and sent her back to Lincoln, she’d probably be homeless as well. The little furniture she owned before Nicky’s stay in the hospital the previous year, was ruined by the time she got home. In less than a week, her house had turned into the local crack convention and Emma shivered at the memory of facing the stoned occupants.
“We thought you weren’t coming back,” her neighbours had muttered, helping her rid the house of ruined carpets and a two-seater sofa. Someone had put their foot through the ancient tube television, but Nicky sobbed for hours at the state of his mattress.
“Ugh!” Emma rolled over on the comfy double bed and covered her face with her hands. The thought of returning forced her stomach to knot. She reached for her usual unwavering sense of optimism and felt its absence. She could start again, find work and a place to rent. A lack of jobs meant another government housing estate and she lacked the energy to push through yet again. A strange sound echoed in the darkness, an odd metallic noise. Emma strained to hear through the closed bedroom door. “Crutches,” she whispered to the darkness. “I’m imagining things.” The house felt unfamiliar and a sense of threat hung over her. Failing to draw comfort from her depleted inner reserves, Emma sought the next best source.
She slipped from the warm bed and padded across the floorboards in her socks. Light streamed from beneath Rohan’s bedroom door and she heard his ensuite toilet flush as she turned the door handle to Nicky’s room. A suitcase scraped against the floorboards as Emma tried to open the door. He sat up immediately. “Mummy?”
“Hey baby,” she whispered back. “Why’s all this stuff against the door? I checked on you last night and it wasn’t here.” Emma slipped beneath the covers and pulled her rigid son against her side, rubbing at his stiff back.
“I waked up and got scared,” he grumbled. “I found the bathroom but felt too scared to flush. You was snoring so I set a trap so they couldn’t get me.”
“Who couldn’t get you?” Emma whispered. “There’s only us and Uncle Ro here. Nobody else.” A memory of Felicity sent a dart of pain into her chest. A wave of dread added to it at the thought of facing her over breakfast. She gave Nicky a squeeze. “I don’t snore!”
“Yeah you do,” Nicky said. He sounded certain. “You snore like a gremlin. I heard noises. My trap didn’t work though.”
“Yes, it did. The suitcase made it difficult to get through the door.” Emma rubbed her son’s warm back and kissed the top of his head. She jumped at the sound of a loud twang and a clunk as something hit the wall behind her head. “What was that?”
“Oh, it did work then. Just late.”
“What did you do? Please don’t damage anything, Nick. Uncle Rohan won’t let us stay if we become a problem.” Emma heard the fear in her own voice and worked to quell it for the child’s sake.
“I set up Action Man bungee jumper. I used his twangy rope like a sling shot and put Lego in it. It should’ve whacked you in the face, but it sounded too low. I’ll have to reset it.”
“It might have hit a midget in the face, but only if they moved like a tortoise!” Emma sniggered. “Don’t reset it, Nicky. We’re safe here. It’s not like...home.”
“But there are funny noises,” Nicky maintained.
“I didn’t hear any.”
“I think Uncle Ro makes them,” the boy whispered. “Through this wall.” Nicky raised his arm and tapped the wall behind his head with a forefinger. His blue eyes glinted in the semi-darkness. “It’s like this.” The child made a whimpering sound and Emma hugged him tighter. She hoped she knew what it was, cringing at the thought her son might have intercepted Felicity’s ministrations. But the child already knew too much from his association with Big Jason and Co. He wouldn’t have asked about that.
She made her voice light and unperturbed, so Nicky wouldn’t detect her sadness. “He’s dreaming, Nick. He can’t help it. He saw upsetting things as a soldier and it comes out when he sleeps. It’s not his fault.”
“Okay. Should I pray for him like Father Delaney said?” Nicky’s voice sounded earnest and Emma nodded.
“That would be very kind. It would definitely help him.”
“Mum? Can I go to school today? I want to go to the one Uncle Ro talked about. In the park.”
“I don’t think it’s actually in the park. I think it’s near the park.”
“No, they play on it. Uncle Ro said they do rugby training on it and games. There’s swings and stuff. He knows somebody there.”
“We can maybe look,” Emma ventured. “I’m not really sure what the plan is. I don’t know if Uncle Ro has work today.”
“He doesn’t.”
“How do you know?” Emma nudged at her child, amazed how he always seemed to know everything. She chided herself about the one thing he didn’t know and hoped he didn’t ask.
“I heard him tell that screechy woman last night. She came up ‘ere after you went to bed and did talking wiv ‘im. They didn’t do...other things. She finks she’s ‘is girlfriend.” Nicky yawned and pushed his face into Emma’s chest.
“She is his girlfriend.” Emma heard her voice sounding flat and tinged with disappointment.
“Whatever.” Nicky giggled as Emma patted his bottom with the palm of her hand. He pushed his tiny fingers under her ribs and tickled her. Emma’s laughter rang like tinkling bells and she snorted and tickled him back.
A knock came on the bedroom door and the giggling pair froze in position. Emma missed her opportunity to clamp her hand over Nicky’s mouth and he yelled, “Come in, Uncle Ro!” at the top of his voice, wafting Emma’s hair with his breath. She groaned and buried her face under the covers.
Rohan pushed the door slowly open and put a foot across the threshold. There was a more forceful twang and another Lego flew through the air, narrowly missing his head. Rohan swore and Nicky giggled.
“Nicky!” Emma blew, horrified. “You didn’t say there were two!” She turned over in the bed and sat up, her hair tumbling around her breasts and down her back. “I’m so sorry,” she gushed, her eyes wide and frightened.
“Der’mo!” Nicky exclaimed and Emma drew in a huge intake of breath.
“How does he know Russian swearwords? Not from Anton.” Rohan’s voice sounded suspicious.
“Nana Lucya said it heaps,” Nicky replied. Emma felt him cringe in her arms, obstinacy radiating from his tiny body.
“It’s rude!” she chastised. “If you knew what it meant, you wouldn’t say it.”
“I do know what it means,” Nicky said through gritted teeth. “I taught it to Mo.”
Emma sighed but Rohan remained pensive, hovering in the doorway. “Who’s Lucya?”
“She died,” Nicky said, a catch in his voice. “We loved her so much, didn’t we Mummy? Then we had to get out of her house and it was very sad. Mummy cried and I cried.”
Emma clapped a hand over his mouth. She studied Rohan’s expression in the light from the hallway. “Yeah,” she replied, her tone wooden. “Very sad.” So, Rohan had no knowledge of his paternal grandmother. The awful fact gave her relief. It made it easier to avoid the awkward questions she’d dreaded.
Rohan sighed. “How’d you make that trap?” He directed his question at the child and Emma released her held breath.
Nicky tumbled from the bed and scuttled round to a space behind the door. He produced two dilapidated Action Men which had been third hand by the time he got them as a birthday gift. Emma felt embarrassed and hung her head in shame at their torn, faded outfits. Action Man bungee jumper’s face was redrawn in biro, giving him the resemblance of an orc. “I maked ‘em into slingshots,” the child expounded, preening himself at his success. “The parachute one worked better though and I don’t get why.” He turned huge blue eyes on Rohan, looking for an explanation. Rohan took the battered parachutist from Nicky’s outstretched hands and turned him over a few times, holding his silken accessory out behind him.
“This is why, look.” He pulled the material and let it twang back again. “This has more elasticity than the bungee jumper’s cable. It shouldn’t have, but the cable’s frayed and at some point, it’s been pulled past its capacity. But this,” he twanged the parachute again, “this is still really elastic. It’s physics.” Rohan looked around the room. “How did you trigger it?”
The boys grappled around in the corner of the bedroom with Lego pieces and Action Man paraphernalia. Emma looked with misery at the sight of their blond heads close together and cringed inwardly at the coming storm. You’ve let desperation push you where you didn’t want to go, she chastised herself. Emma, what have you done?

Chapter 9
The house dated from around 1930 but showed signs of tasteful renovation. A semi-detached town house, it formed the other half of the only pair like it in the street close to the centre of Harborough. Period fittings and colours with modern appliances made for a tidy, pleasant environment. Emma stood under the shower in ecstasy as the boiler pumped hot water over her head without a trace of brown flecking from dirty pipes. She’d seen no sign of Felicity on her dash to the bathroom on the split-level landing.
“So why do I feel so bloody miserable?” she asked herself, drawing a sad face on the glass of the shower cubicle with her index finger. She shut off the water with her other hand.
“Why do you?” Rohan’s voice made her jump and Emma squeaked in shock.
“What are you doing? Get out!” She banged on the glass with her hand and saw him turn, hands in his trouser pockets. The movement appeared casual and frustrated her. He strolled through the open doorway and Emma heard him walk up the split-level staircase with his odd, listing gait.
She fumed, opening the cubicle door and almost breaking her neck on the tiles in her efforts to commandeer her towel. Once ensconced in the sumptuous fabric, Emma stormed to her bedroom. Her hair leaked water down her neck in uncomfortable rivulets and the scent of expensive shower gel hung around her in a haze. She slipped again on her way along the hall and cursed as she entered her bedroom and found Rohan sitting on her bed.
“You can’t do stuff like this, Ro! Otherwise we’re leaving, okay? What if Nicky walked in and saw you ogling me like that? He knows you’re his uncle. It’s too weird.”
Rohan’s jaw set hard and his eyes narrowed, glistening with a myriad of internal emotions. “It’s not like I haven’t seen it all before now.” His voice held an edge of stubbornness. The likeness to Emma’s son forced her to turn away before it overpowered her.
She knelt on the floor, keeping the towel closed over her breasts as she rifled through her suitcase, pulling out underwear and a pair of cleanish jeans. “My body’s different to how it was at sixteen!” she snapped. “It’s gone so far south; half my stretch marks could end up in London if I turned fast enough.”
Rohan didn’t respond to her forced humour. He sat on the edge of the bed, his face a mask of repressed emotion. His tanned fingers picked at a loose thread in the bedspread and his eyes glazed as he sifted through old memories.
“Ro?” He jumped as Emma spoke to him, turning his attention to her. His blue eyes dulled as he waited for the inevitable rebuke. “Sweetheart, you’ve got Felicity now. Anton’s gone and I’m just your stepsister...like you said last night.” Emma watched him swallow and finished pressing the blade through his heart. “She seems nice, your girlfriend. You should focus on that relationship. I’ll sign any divorce paperwork you want. Just say when you’re ready.” The words stuck in her throat and she forced a subject change as the air hung heavy between them. “I borrowed the towel from the airing cupboard in Nicky’s room, I hope you don’t mind. I thought you’d nipped out for more milk.”
Rohan didn’t reply and Emma retreated to the bathroom with her clothes. She pressed her forehead against the steamed-up mirror, watching the silent tears of agony stream down her blurry face. Her heart pounded in her chest as she gulped for air. She took a long time getting dressed, applying make-up which she then cried off and reapplied. “You shouldn’t have come here,” she told herself in the mirror, patting her cheeks with cold water for the fifth time. Piling her hair on top of her head, she allowed the riot of wet curls to detract from her blotchy face.
“Come on, Mummy!” Nicky hammered on the door. “I’ll be late for my new school.”
Emma turned and fixed a wooden smile on her face. She unlocked the door and admired her son in his old school uniform. The trousers weren’t too bad apart from the hole in his sock. The polo shirt looked passable and his coat a newer second-hand. “Okay, I’m ready.” She steeled herself. “I kinda thought you’d start tomorrow and spend today with me.”
“Na. You’ve got Uncle Ro,” Nicky said, fixing his blue-eyed gaze on her face. “He says this new school does woodwork. I’d like to make a proper slingshot with wooden parts. Me an’ Ro’s gonna do a plan one night. He’s got a shed wiv proper tools in it what nobody nicks.” He beamed and shrugged. “Mum, do you love Uncle Ro? I think he loves you.”
Emma’s face paled at the child’s perception and she shook her head in denial.
“Yeah he does,” Nicky reiterated. “And I don’t mind. But Mohammed will be pissed. When he married yer, ‘e was gettin’ me a PlayStation to make up for it.”
After a lengthy conversation about not swearing at his new school and actually, not swearing anyway, Emma clumped down the stairs with her son. At the dogleg they stopped and Nicky looked annoyed about something she said. “That’s a low blow, Mum. I never thought about that. You’ve ruined it now.”
Emma rolled her eyes. Rohan looked up from his position on the two-seater sofa in the wide downstairs lobby. “What’s wrong?” He placed an envelope on his knee, removed his reading glasses and popped them into his top pocket.
Nicky thudded down the staircase in his socks, his vibrations shaking the house. “Mummy said...” clump, clump, clump, “that ya can’t get married till yer sixteen!” Nicky’s indignation continued down the last turn and onto the three steps to ground level. “But Mohammed’s only six! So that’s another ten years wivout a PlayStation. By the time I get one, I’ll be an old man!”
Emma bit her lip as Nicky stood in front of Rohan with his hands on his hips, indignation pouring from every nerve and sinew. Rohan smiled and held his gaze. “Mohammed’s not marrying your mum anyway,” he stated with an eerie calm. “You shouldn’t let your most precious things go. It’s the pathway to regret.”
The two males locked identical blue eyes and Emma held her breath. Reluctant feet kept her frozen halfway down the stairs. She observed Nicky’s body language as he relaxed and put his hands out in front of him. “Okay.” He capitulated with too much ease. “So, are we goin’ then, or what?”

Chapter 10
The school was a hub of activity from the start of the recreation ground to the playground. The building dated back to the late 1800s, a Victorian structure with huge sash windows and an imposing presence. A six-foot brick wall enclosed the play areas, running around the perimeter like enveloping arms. The park spread beyond it with attractive green trees and open spaces.
Nicky walked down the long concrete pavement underneath laden conker trees, clutching Emma’s hand and sticking close to her. Other children bobbed around them, rucksacks bumping on their backs and lunch boxes swinging from their hands. Mothers pushed buggies with other pre-schoolers wrapped up warm against the biting breeze which whipped at coats and scarves with mischievous fingers.
“It’s a pretty park, isn’t it?” Emma smiled and wiggled her son’s hand. The confidence left his gait with each passing moment and his blue eyes projected fear as he nodded.
“When you get to Year 3, you can play soccer in those tennis courts,” Rohan said, pointing at the wire fence adjacent to the school. He walked along next to them; his black coat collar turned up against the cold. Emma’s thin fleece flapped around her body and she smiled at him with curiosity. He seemed to know a lot about the local primary school.
“I’m in Year 2,” Nicky said. “Next year’s a long way away. Lots can happen in a year.” He took a sharp inward breath filled with biting cold. “I looked forward to going to my school in Aber for ages and then my gran died, we lost our house and had to move to Lincoln.” He turned wide blue eyes on Rohan in accusation. “That’s why you can’t make promises like that. I might not ever get in there.” He jabbed a small finger at the tennis courts. Rohan looked to Emma for help, his face grieved and his eyes flashing confusion.
“Nick, we can’t live like that. We have to enjoy today and look forward to tomorrow or we’ll go mad,” she said with a sigh.
Nicky nodded and Emma’s shoulders lost some of their tension. They came to a large step up to a tall gate and Emma pushed her son up first. A bottle neck formed behind Rohan as Nicky stood in the gateway and eyed his new life with disdain. He turned to Emma, her face level with his as she pivoted with one foot on the high threshold between park and school. She looked up at him with her trusting brown eyes, the sudden realisation coming much too late. Her hand wasn’t quick enough to cover his pouting mouth as pure Big Jason volleyed out from between the rosebud lips. “Love today because today is it; don’t think about tomorrow ‘cause it’s probably shit.”
Emma closed her eyes and felt the hush behind her in the growing knot of people. Then she heard Rohan snort and pushed her backside into him in reprimand. He gave a little, “Oof,” in response and by the time Emma collected herself enough to turn around, she caught him wiping the smile off his handsome face.
“Not helpful!” she mouthed to him.
Large wooden planters decorated one corner of the playground and Emma took Nicky behind them to give him the no swearing rule again. “I mean it,” she said with force. “It’s not that kind of place and you’ll end up with no friends if you swear. Nobody will want to know us and our two weeks will end like that.” She clicked her fingers for emphasis.”
Nicky emerged from behind the planters looking sorry and Emma gripped his hand as Rohan led them through a main door into the building. Everyone else watched them go in with open curiosity as the children lined up in designated groups outside. The ceilings of the corridor reached up to touch an apex above their heads. Enormous doors interspersed along the right-hand side, showing classrooms with miniature tables and chairs. Artwork lined the walls of the corridor and created a cheery atmosphere against the gloom showing through the windows.
Hands in pockets, Rohan led them to the end of the wide corridor and Emma got a great view of the denim pulled taut across his physique. She looked away and sighed as illicit memories burned inside her brain. They turned down another smaller passage and Rohan knocked on an office door.
Emma whipped round and spoke quickly to Nicky. “Why don’t you take Uncle Ro to look at the displays?” she asked, begging him with her eyes. He shook his head and looked horrified.
“Noooo! I wanna stay wiv you.” Panic infused his body language and he sidled closer, all trace of the confident Greyfriars child swallowed up in this terrifying new experience.
Rohan jerked his head towards the doorway, stepping back so Emma could enter the small office. Her heart sank as Felicity rose to greet her. “Oh, hi, Emma! I didn’t know you had children. How cool.”
Emma smiled woodenly and tried to occupy the doorway to stop Rohan entering behind her. Nicky pushed his curious face between her leg and the door frame and peered at Felicity. “Oh great!” Emma heard him mutter. “It’s the screechy voice lady with the weird laugh.”
Emma batted him lightly with her thigh, squishing him against the door frame. Chastised, Nicky turned doleful puppy dog eyes on her in apology.
“Luckily, you’re in zone, so we’ve got a place for your son,” Felicity intoned as though Emma was a bit stupid. Her voice sounded high and placatory. “Here’s a form to fill in and I’ll need an original birth certificate to copy. Then we can find your little chap a sweatshirt with the school logo on and some shorts for sports classes. After that, I’ll take you all to his new class.”
“Mum, it’s okay. I don’t need a sweatshirt and stuff,” Nicky stage whispered and Emma cringed. She saw Rohan ruffle Nicky’s hair with his large hand in her peripheral vision as she concentrated on taking the form from Felicity’s outstretched hand.
“I’ll buy it,” Rohan said quietly. Nicky grinned with relief. He patted Emma’s leg, to reassure her she wasn’t about to be financially embarrassed. Felicity gave Rohan a curious look, eyeing the likeness between him and Nicky as her forehead creased in a series of lines. “Nicky would like school dinners too, please,” Rohan stated. Emma exhaled in a whoosh.
Nicky’s eyes looked huge in his small head as he twisted his neck round to stare at Rohan. “Really? What, like proper dinners?”
Rohan laughed and Emma squeaked in protest at the cost. Rohan drew his wallet out of his pocket and held out his Visa card. Nicky held onto his wrist in a momentary flash of magnanimity. “You don’t have to pay for pudding if you don’t want to.”
Rohan handed his card over to Felicity and with the other hand, stroked Nicky’s hair back from his forehead. “It’s fine, mate. I figure it costs the same whether you have it or not.”
Emma’s silence left it too late for her to back out of the terrible situation unfolding in front of her. Until Rohan produced the money, it was on the tip of her tongue to say they were just enquiring and perhaps sneak back later. She glanced down at the form which shook in her fingers, seeing the boxes in which she was to write the name of Nicky’s parents. Her breath came in huge gulps as Felicity processed the payment and handed the card back, stroking against Rohan’s fingers on purpose. Emma glanced at his face as it remained impassive and unaffected.
“You need to fill the form in,” Felicity stated, watching Emma with curiosity. Her eyes narrowed behind layers of mascara.
“Can I bring it back later?” Emma asked, working hard to keep the pleading from her voice.
“No, sorry. You need to do it before your son starts. Do you have his birth certificate here with you?”
Emma nodded, her neck feeling wooden as she bobbed her chin. She seized a pen from Felicity’s desk and turned her back on the males, feeling Nicky’s arms hugging her thigh in excitement as his mind strayed no further than his promised hot lunch. She filled in every box apart from Nicky’s full name and the name of Nicky’s father. The required sighting of his birth certificate denied her the option of writing ‘Nicky’ under the child’s name and the damning word ‘unknown’ in the accusing rectangle demanding his father’s. She took a deep breath and scribbled in the words, keeping the sheets hidden as she handed them over to Felicity.
The woman made a pretence of scanning the sheet, but Emma watched her eyes fix on the declaration of Nicky’s parentage, the likeness to Rohan making her suspicious. She heaved a visible sigh of relief and beamed. “That all looks in order,” she gushed. “I’ll just make a copy of this and be right back.” She flapped the birth certificate in her red nailed fingers and smiled at Rohan. “You never said your brother had a son.” Having dropped her bombshell, she clip-clopped from the room in her high heels.
Rohan watched her retreating back in confusion. “What does she mean?” His eyes clouded in confusion. The look he gave Emma make her wither on the spot. She met his eyes with burning intensity, seeing surprise there as he expected her to look away first. Defiance flooded through her body. She’d done what she needed to survive and Rohan Andreyev would never understand. “Anton?” His blonde fringe bounced as he shook his head. His fists balled at his sides. “No, tell me you didn’t?”
When Emma held her ground and kept her face impassive, Rohan’s cheeks flushed and he seemed lost for words. He stepped back towards the door, retreating from the room and disappearing. When she walked into the corridor, he’d gone.
Emma smiled reassurance at her son as Felicity introduced him to his new Year 2 teacher. Poor Nicky shrank behind his mother, terror in his wide blue eyes.
“Who else has school dinners?” the pretty blond teacher asked the children assembled on the carpet in front of her. A little boy put his hand up high into the air. “Thank you, Mohammed.” She smiled in gratitude. “Please will you be responsible for Nicky today and show him everything he needs to know?”
The dark-skinned child fixed beautiful liquid brown eyes on Emma’s son and beamed. “Yes Mrs Clarke,” he intoned in a formal voice. Then he patted the space next to him on the carpet and flapped his hand, so the other children moved outwards to make room.
Nicky turned amused blue eyes on his mother and lifted his face for a kiss. As she pulled back, he grabbed at the lapels of her fleece and yanked her forwards so he could whisper in her ear. “I’ve been prayin’ like Father Delaney said and God sent me another Mo!” He squeezed his face into a look of pure pleasure and shrugged happily.
Emma backed from the doorway with great reluctance and Felicity closed it behind them. The silence in the corridor as school got underway caused them to whisper. “School ends at 3.15 pm and we keep the younger children lined up by the rails outside the playground door. We won’t let them go unless their carer is waiting.”
Emma nodded and headed back along the corridor. It felt like hours ago instead of minutes, her heart enduring agonies in her chest as she strode towards the large red exit door. Felicity hissed a warning, “Oh, the park gate gets locked until playtime. Then the juniors go into the ball courts. You’ll have to use the front gate.” She raised her delicate arm and pointed towards her office, making sure Emma understood, before giving her a sideways glance which held a trace of animosity.
Emma felt the awful moan rage inside her chest, bursting to get out. It overwhelmed her with its intensity and she lurched for the exit sign. She pursed her lips against the cold outside and tried to find her bearings, stalking across the small front yard through a gate onto an unfamiliar road. “Damn you, Rohan,” she breathed.
Emma gasped and heaved huge breaths into lungs which ached as though starved. She fumbled with a pair of ragged gloves and pushed them onto her fingers. She didn’t recognise anything about the neat road or ancient towering trees and halted, calming herself by an act of will. She set off left, striding around the perimeter wall and following it as it turned a corner. Emma found herself on the wide concrete path through the park and on an impulse, broke into a run.
She ran past the gate opposite the ball courts and found the play park beyond, the space empty and the swings moving slightly in the breeze as though ridden by invisible children. Emma ran towards them and sank onto a swing, feeling the wet seeping through the hole between her boot and its worn sole. “Damn you too, Anton!” she sobbed, hugging her arms around herself in misery. “I warned you it would come back to bite me, didn’t I?” She heard the rustle of Nicky’s birth certificate in her pocket and groaned.
Emma cried herself empty, watching the tears splash onto the rubbery black surface underneath the swing. She reached into her pocket for a tissue, feeling the rough paper against her fingers. A fresh wave of grief washed over her and Emma pulled it out, smoothing out the creases and pressing it against her forehead.
“When were you gonna tell me?” Rohan restrained his bitterness as he slumped onto the swing next to her, sitting heavily and stretching one leg out in front of him.
“Nothing to tell.” Emma folded the certificate and stuffed it back into her pocket. “It’s none of your business.”
Rohan’s blue eyes fixed on her, flickering with anger. “Like hell it isn’t! So, when I was getting shot to shit in a war I didn’t want to be in, you were shagging my brother!”
Emma turned to face him, recognising the sense of betrayal and disappointment she saw in the mirror every morning. It stared back at her, Rohan’s agony raw and open. She held his gaze with steady eyes that wore no guilt and saw him flinch beneath her stare. “I loved you, Em!” he spat.
She smiled, the expression sad as she blinked away tears which fluttered to her cheeks. They remained there, glittering like diamonds. “And I loved you. I always loved you.”
“So why?” Rohan’s jaw worked in anger and he wiped the back of his hand across his eyes. Emma reached out to touch him and then withdrew her hand.
“There are things you don’t understand. I’m not ready to explain them yet. You can think what you like of me, but don’t you dare drag Anton’s name through the mud. Everything he did was out of kindness and he doesn’t deserve your hatred!”
Rohan shook his head and leaned his elbows on his knees. His eyes bore into the ground as he swallowed all the terrible things he wanted to say. “I thought the boy was my son.” He released a ragged sigh. Then he groaned. “I can’t believe Anton didn’t tell me.”
Emma stood up and offered him her hand. He stared at it for a moment as though it seemed distasteful to him. As Emma gave up and withdrew it, Rohan’s hand shot out and seized her fingers and her wrist. He pulled her closer and kissed her fingers through the woollen gloves. He pressed his cheek against them, his face warm against the cold flesh which peeked through the holes. “Do you want us to leave now?” Emma asked, keeping her voice level. “We can go today.”
“No! Don’t be stupid! I asked you here; I’m not kicking you out.” Rohan stood and pulled her into his side, his eyes filled with unreadable emotions. They walked back to his house, his arm heavy around her shoulders. His hand caressed the curls at her neck and Emma shivered as his fingers brushed her skin. Occasionally he kissed her temple with slow, deliberate touches of his lips which seemed to turn her inside out with misery. He sighed many times in the fifteen-minute walk and Emma bit her lip and wished for the millionth time that she could go back and do things differently. Nicky’s birth certificate nestled in her pocket, not a symbol of accusation, but proof there were still kind, good men in the world. Anton Andreyev had been one of them. His loss left a hole in Emma’s heart.

Chapter 11
“Ro, who’s that man across the street?”
Rohan whipped his reading glasses off his nose and stood up, alertness stiffening his muscles. The sofa cushions rose like inflatables in his wake. “What man?” he snapped.
Emma baulked in the dining room doorway, her brown eyes widening in fear at his reaction. “Just a man. He’s been sitting across the street next to the Georgian looking house. He gets out occasionally and goes for a walk, but he always comes back to sit in the car.”
“What made you notice him?” Rohan walked to the window and peered into the street, careful not to disturb the voile drapes which offered the room privacy.
Emma hesitated, not wanting to admit she’d spent the last hour crying. She’d sat in the bay window in her bedroom with her backside on the built-in dressing table. “I was watching through the window.”
Rohan looked at her again, noticing her puffy eyes and the sad slump of her shoulders. “Come here,” he whispered, opening his arms wide.
Emma buried her face in his armpit, resuming her miserable sobs. “I’m sorry,” she hiccoughed. “I will tell you everything, but not yet.”
“It’s okay,” Rohan soothed. “Let’s not dwell on what we can’t change, hey? It’s all in the past now. Anton’s not here to defend himself. He can rest in peace.”
Emma muttered something into his armpit and Rohan lifted her chin so he could look at her. His blue eyes appeared kind. “Say that again, vozlyublennaya?”
Emma couldn’t repeat the soft denial again, grief at Anton’s death gripping her throat in a vice. She hesitated, before changing the subject. “Remember that white transit you pointed out last night on the motorway? It’s the same man but a different vehicle. I’ve been watching it for the last hour.” She sniffed and wiped her nose on her tatty sweater sleeve.
“Shit!” Rohan exclaimed. “Are you sure?”
Emma nodded. “Who is he? What does he want?”
Rohan kissed the top of her head. “I don’t know. Get cleaned up and we’ll take the dog for a walk. I wanna show you the town. We’ll see if he follows.” He pointed at her stained sweater with its big pulls in the shoulder and her jeans which had frayed at the bottom. “And you’re going clothes shopping.”
Emma cleaned her face up yet again and donned one of Rohan’s spare jackets for the walk into town. It hung past her knees and covered her hands, but the scent of his aftershave and his unique musky smell provided comfort. Rohan strode next to her with the dog on a leash, his limp barely noticeable. Farrell trotted next to his leg, glancing up as though waiting for instructions. Neither of them mentioned Anton, or Nicky’s birth certificate bearing his name. But the fact hung heavy between them, an unexpected betrayal that neither wanted to broach.
When the smaller roads gave way to main crossings, the dog sat down at the curb without being asked. Emma pointed at him. “He’s a good boy, isn’t he?”
Rohan smiled and clicked his tongue, so the dog knew to stand up and walk. “He should be. I trained him for Anton. My brother was useless with anything involving discipline. Too soft.” Rohan spoke to the dog and Farrell looked up at him and opened his mouth in a doggy smile, his flowing black tail giving a wave of pleasure. “He treated him like a baby instead of a dog. I don’t think he realised he was ruining him.”
“What kind of dog is he?” Emma kept pace with Rohan, finding it hard not to drop into old habits and hold his hand. Public displays of affection had played little part in their history; the news would have got back to his mother somehow.
“He’s a working cocker spaniel,” Rohan said. “They make excellent search dogs. Customs and Excises use them. My brother would have been better off with a poodle he could keep in his man bag.”
Emma snorted. “That’s so true.” She stopped and closed her eyes, feeling her heart begin to stall again. “I can’t believe I’ll never see him. I have this gap where his laughter should be.” She patted her chest with her gloved hand.
Rohan looked down at her and nodded. “I know, vozlyublennaya. It’s left an ache in my soul. Nothing takes the pain away. He was my only rodnoy brat and I loved him.”
“Did he live in this town?” Emma asked and Rohan stared at her with a curious look on his face.
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?” Emma repeated the odd sentence and bit her lip. “So, where did you train the dog?”
“He brought him to me. He thought it easier. You never questioned Anton’s motives for anything. If he felt it best, then nothing would stop him. He liked to visit. I fly all over the world and accepted it as the easier option.” Rohan sighed. “He talked about buying a house. I figured he had his reasons for wanting to keep me away.”
“Did you look for the house?” Emma asked. “I’m sure you would have found it.”
Rohan shook his head. “No. I respected his privacy.” He frowned and Emma sensed herself straying into dangerous territory.
She shook her head. “I didn’t know where he lived either.” Shame blushed her soft cheeks. “He always came to see us. I guess he understood our limited funds stopped us travelling to him.” The dark flash in Rohan’s eyes showed his desperation to pry about Anton’s relationship with Nicky. The idea of a man so openly gay with a son by his stepsister seemed utterly incongruous. He struggled with the words and Emma saw him dismiss his questions with difficulty.
“Let’s not talk about him now, hey?” Rohan gave a smile which didn’t reach his eyes. He changed the subject. “Is that man still following?”
Emma made a show of dropping something onto the pavement while Rohan walked ahead. She sank to her haunches and picked up the conker Nicky gave her that morning for safekeeping. Rohan halted the dog to wait for her and Emma gave a worried nod, too slight for the man behind to see. “Yes. He’s keeping his distance but he’s still there. Why would he be following us?”
“Me, vozlyublennaya. He’s following me. I don’t know. I mess with some dodgy people in my line of work sometimes and when I crunch the numbers, someone always loses out.”
“What are you going to do?” Emma sounded panicked and Rohan grabbed hold of her hand, wincing at the electrical current of familiarity and attraction which passed between them. “Is he going to hurt you?”
Rohan snorted as though the idea amused him. He offered her a tight smile as they crossed a car park and entered the back of a bustling market hall. The sudden volume of noise and people caused Emma a moment of shock. The hall teemed with vendors and stalls selling everything from sausages to fabric. Shoe sellers mixed with craft stands and knitting patterns alongside vegetable stalls, sewing accessories and ribbons. Farrell kept so close to Rohan’s left leg, he appeared grafted to it. He took the throngs of bodies and feet in his stride as they passed through unnoticed.
In a busy crush near the main doors, Rohan pressed Emma’s hand and smoothed her fingers with his. It felt achingly comfortable and she squeezed back, navigating a dose of pensioner road rage as two elderly people in disability scooters got their handles locked together in the overcrowded aisle. Rohan cut a clear path through, his imposing height making it easy for him. Emma forged behind, using his wake to cut through the crowd. They popped through the front doors and into the bracing cold before Emma had time to prepare. She opened her mouth to protest and felt herself dragged sideways. Tripping, she made a grab for Rohan’s jacket with her other hand as the ground rushed up to meet her. When he stopped to help, she almost overbalanced him and for a millisecond, she thought they might both topple to the hard concrete. Rohan recovered first but instead of giving her a moment to breathe, he pulled her to the left and around the corner of the building.
“Take the dog!” he hissed, shoving Farrell’s leash into her hands. He pressed a hand to her shoulder and pushed her flat against the wall. Emma stared into the dog’s wide brown eyes, rimmed by half-moons of white. “Guard!” Rohan told him and Farrell planted himself on Emma’s foot. Rohan blocked her view of the road while he waited for a moment, his body tense and poised. One second he was there and in the next he’d gone.
Emma peeked around the corner, letting just her eyes show. She saw the front of the busy market hall and watched a small man wearing winter clothes emerge and look around him in confusion. Rohan appeared from nowhere, fixing both hands firmly on the man’s shoulders. The man jumped in fright and lost his footing on the icy pavement as Rohan steered him towards Emma. “Hi my vriend!” he announced. Feigned conviviality justified his arm around the man’s shoulders and after their initial interest, people continued talking and digging in their shopping bags. Emma held her breath at the narrowing of Rohan’s eyes as he glanced up and noticed her. She popped back out of sight.
“I just wanted to know what was happening!” she complained to Farrell. The dog’s ears pricked up but he remained sitting on her boots. Cold gnawed at her joints until she couldn’t feel her toes.
“Long time, no see! Is that not what you Angliyskiy say?” Rohan steered the man around the corner and bumped him against the wall. His fingers held a swathe of the man’s coat fabric in a white knuckled grip. “Long time, too much see, actually!” Rohan slipped his forearm across the man’s throat, so that only his fear laden eyes flickered over the top.
Emma held her breath as the soldier in Rohan rose to the surface in an ecstasy of bloodlust, his purpose as a killing machine revived. She opened her mouth to stop him and then swallowed instead, praying she could still trust this new version of him.
To her horror, Rohan’s left hand produced a flick knife from his jeans pocket He released the blade to lengthen in a lazy arc before holding it up to the man’s skinny throat. The lethal point teased a gap between the folds of his scarf and the trembling skin below. “Come on,” Rohan said, his friendly voice creating a strange paradox with his actions. “You may as well tell me what you’re up to. You’re not very good at this.”
“I’m just making a few quid guvnor,” the man hissed with pain as the blade pressed against his skin. Wiry and with limited muscle tone, he sported an unfortunate comb over which spread twelve frail dark hairs across his receding hairline. His eyes conveyed fear and a realisation he’d strayed out of his depth.
Rohan turned his head to check around the corner, but his arm didn’t move from the man’s throat. Satisfied they’d drawn no attention; he pressed the man harder against the wall. The sign for the pay-and-display car park shielded his actions and Emma saw the mute appeal in the man’s eyes. She focussed her attention on the dog, not comfortable with what she’d become involved in.
“Warn!” Rohan’s instruction to Farrell took Emma by surprise. As the dog jumped to life, he released her frozen feet and she almost fell. The leash grew taut and Farrell faced the man. His dark top lip peeled back in a dreadful snarl displaying sharp, pointed teeth. A low growl emitted from his throat and Emma kept hold of the leash, fascinated by the dog’s still waving tail. She gulped and felt sick at the dog’s complicity in a dangerous game.
The man feigned ignorance and claimed he didn’t know who paid him to follow the big Russian. His voice held an irritating whine, not helped by his terror of the dog’s snapping teeth. Farrell edged closer to the man’s hand as his fingers clawed at the sides of his trousers. “Please mate, just lemme go!” he begged. “I ain’t done nuffin!”
As the knife blade drew a pebble of blood from the scrawny neck, the dog took a few slavering snaps at the man’s hand. With her heart pounding in her chest, Emma lost patience. “For goodness sake!” she exclaimed, dropping Farrell’s leash. She crumpled her face in disgust and reached between the man’s legs. Seizing hold of what she found there, she squeezed. “Just tell him what he wants to know!” she snapped. “It’s freezing out here!” A vicious crushing action between her frigid fingers drew a squeal of pain. Rohan blinked and took a step back. He switched his left hand to hold the man’s throat and gave Emma more room to work.
“Help!” the man tried to scream. The airy sound would have delighted St Di’s Church choir master. He tried to bat Emma’s hand away, but Rohan increased the pressure on his throat. A clever sleight of hand made the knife blade retract and it disappeared into his pocket.
“Just talk,” Rohan advised. “Or spend your life singing soprano.”
“I’m a private investigator,” the man gushed. “My client is a woman. She emails me and transfers the expenses into my account after I invoice her. I’m paid to follow him and take photos!” He jerked his head towards Rohan but spoke to Emma. “Please let go of my nads now? If I can’t get my missus pregnant, she’ll dump me!”
Emma winced at the greasy strands of hair and the acne pocked middle-aged face. She pitied the poor woman prepared to breed from such low-grade stock. “No!” She pouted and took a step closer, gripping harder and ignoring Rohan’s amused expression. “Why are you following him?”
“I told you!” His voice rose an octave under the pressure. “I follow him and give her a list of where he goes and what he does. She pays the bills.”
“Where does he go?” Curiosity overrode Emma’s sense of propriety and she gave the man’s balls another tweak.
“Falkirk!” he gushed. “A meeting at a hotel in Falkirk on Friday and then Leeds on Saturday. He went to a wedding. He drove to Lincoln on Sunday and arrived home on Monday. I have to tell her who he meets as well.” The man let out a wail of pain as Emma gave an upwards yank.
“How do you know it’s a woman?” she demanded. Bored, Farrell licked sweat from between the man’s fingers and he screeched. “Shut up!” Emma hissed, “or I’ll make sure you never have children.”
“The phone! The phone! She rang me the first time and I heard a woman’s voice.”
“Is the woman local?” Rohan interjected, stepping back and cocking his head to one side. “Does she have an accent?”
“I don’t know!” The man’s head sunk lower as Emma maintained her death grip on his private parts. His thin hair stuck to his head in waves and his complexion assumed a sickly grey hue. “I don’t know. She spoke too fast. It’s been email since then.”
“If you ever follow this man again,” Emma pointed with her free hand towards Rohan, “I’ll tear these off! Do you understand?” She gave another satisfying squelch and he yelped.
“Okay!” he agreed. “I’ve seen where you live and those people you associate with. I know you mean it.”
With a final yank of devilment, Emma let go and the man clasped both hands over his crotch and rubbed. Emma wiped her hand on her jeans. “Sod off and leave us alone,” she threatened. He nodded.
“Fine. It was becoming too long distance, although the expenses were good. It must have cost her a fortune in petrol.” He stood up straight and brushed himself down, out of date jeans with a slight flare to their bottoms. Shaking fingers drew his mac tighter around his waist.
“Email address.” Rohan’s voice held a note of danger. He flapped his fingers in a summoning gesture. “I want it. Your disguise is as subtle as a fart in an astronaut’s suit. Don’t make me find you.”
The man groaned and pulled his mobile phone from an inside pocket. He scrolled through his contacts and turned the screen to face Rohan. “You want to write it down?” he asked, an edge of sarcasm creeping into his tone.
Rohan’s eyes flashed. He glanced once at the screen and took a long step forward until his chest bounced against the other man’s chin. “I have a photographic memory,” he snarled. “It’s what I’m paid for.” Anger made his words clipped and his Russian accent returned. “I will track woman. You go home and never bother us again.” He turned, banging the man’s chin with his shoulder. His face remained impassive as he retrieved Farrell’s leash from the floor.
The private investigator took a few steps across the car park, putting enough distance between himself and Emma’s spiteful fingers. His left hand subconsciously strayed to his crotch. “You might have got rid of me, but you won’t ditch the other one so fast. He’s been tailin’ you since before I started and you haven’t even noticed!” He took off at a run and blended into a crowd of elderly shoppers heading south on the Northampton Road.
“What did he mean?” Emma whispered, staring at Rohan and alarmed by his lack of interest.
Rohan clicked to Farrell and shrugged. “He’s just blowing smoke up my ass,” he said. He ran a large hand over the dog’s head and Farrell wagged his tail. “We’ve achieved our objective, Emma.” His voice rumbled deep in his chest. “Now, we buy clothes.”
Emma stripped her gloves from her cold fingers. She shook her head. “No. I need a dustbin for these and then I want somewhere to wash my hands.”

Chapter 12
They found a public house with tables outside and Emma went in first to wash her hands. She returned to sit with the dog while Rohan ordered food and drinks. “So, is it always this exciting in the Andreyev household, Faz?” Emma asked the black dog as he laid his chin on her knee. She fondled his soft ears and he closed his eyes, only raising his head when Rohan appeared.
“What you did to that guy was appalling,” Rohan said after he’d settled himself opposite her. Emma frowned as a flush of irritation bridled in her heart.
“You always do that, don’t you?” she snapped. “You always played the role of adult in our little trio, even as children.” Her fingers balled into fists beneath the table. Farrell sighed and rested his chin on her right boot.
“Da.” Rohan nodded. “It reminded me of that fight you got into at school one time. I stopped you ripping a boy’s head off his shoulders.”
“Yeah, well you shouldn’t have bothered! The kid was a jerk. Probably still is.” Emma threw herself back in her seat and folded her arms. She fixed a sulk onto her face and hated that desperation had forced her to ally with Rohan Andreyev again. She’d broken her promise to Anton and the fact cleft a burning trail of misery through her gut. Stiff, wooden legs shoved her upright. “I can’t do this,” she hissed. “I shouldn’t have come.”
Farrell bounced to his feet and wagged his tail. Emma tried to step over the length of leash tied to the table and stumbled. The table legs ground against the pavement as it jerked to the side. Rohan’s hands fixed over her forearms and he pressed her back into her seat, waiting until she looked as though she might stay. “Stop,” he commanded, his voice impassive. “We won’t speak of old times if it upsets you.”
They sat in silence until the coffee arrived. Emma studied her surroundings with interest. Rohan took two phone calls, one in Russian and the other English. She heard him ask someone to run a check on the email address he’d extracted from the investigator. Then he laid his phone on the table, folded his arms and stared at her.
Emma forced herself to ignore him. An old game between them, she found it interested her less than it used to. She jumped as the waitress delivered the coffee, scowling as the girl checked out Rohan and offered him a smile of invitation. Emma hated the unexpected flash of jealousy but hated it more than he’d noticed. Rohan’s eyes danced with humour and Emma fought the urge to slap his handsome face.
A young man followed with a bowl of fries and Emma thanked him. Still ignoring Rohan, she took a chip and dabbed it in the ketchup. “Speak your mind, Emma,” Rohan ordered. His voice sounded jarring in the hustle and bustle of the street.
She gave herself a mental shake and pushed away everything but their recent brush with the law. “Do you always pull knives on strangers?” she asked, her tone light.
“That depends.” Rohan sipped his coffee but ignored the fries.
“What does that even mean?” Emma demands. “It depends on what?”
He shrugged and glanced around him as though bored. “It depends if the situation warrants it.”
“And did it?” Her tone sounded accusing.
“It did and then it didn’t.” His lips curved into a tight smile. “Don’t you trust me, Emma?”
She released a sigh of exasperation and refused to answer. Snagging another chip, she spoke with her mouth full, knowing he’d hate such behaviour and not sure why she wanted to aggravate him. “Why would someone follow you, Ro?”
“No idea.” He watched her, his expression impassive.
“Whatever!” Emma scoffed. From behind her long black lashes, she saw Rohan’s lips twitch. The action sent a spike of recognition at the familiar tell. He wanted to kiss her.
Rohan momentarily lost his certainty and shifted in his seat. Farrell sighed in disgust and moved away. Emma threw the dog a chip, smiling at the sound of his jaws snapping as he caught it in mid-air. “It’s a crappy PI’s finger,” she told Farrell. He yawned and whined at the same time. “Want another one?”
“No.” Rohan frowned and nudged the bowl with his finger. “Is bad for him.”
Emma wrinkled her nose and conceded. She patted the top of Farrell’s head and saw his eagerness fade. “Okay, change of question. Why do you carry a knife, Rohan? And what kind of work warrants that level of caution?” When Rohan ignored her, she kicked him under the table and he slopped coffee down his jacket.
“Em!” he exclaimed. “I was listening.”
“Not to me!” she snapped.
He cocked his head and then she noticed the flash of light plastic snuggled in his right ear. “To something else also,” he said. “I apologise.” He released a sigh and tapped a button on his phone. Then he sat up and gave Emma a beatific smile. Despite her conscious need to resist him, she blossomed under the glare of his unconditional attention. “Tell me where you learned the testicle twist,” he asked with humour in his bright blue eyes. “Perhaps it’s more useful than the knife.”
“Whatever! Keep your secrets.” Emma smirked.
Rohan’s face softened. “You’re worried about me, vozlyublennaya?”
“Not really.” Her smile faded. “But I have a child to take care of and if you’re attracting criminals, I need to think about going home.”
Rohan sat up straighter. “Attracting criminals? I saw where you lived, remember.”
“I still live there,” Emma said. She became tight lipped, the action tinged with warning.
Rohan shifted in his seat, unease shrouding him like an aura. “Look, I’m sorry.” He bit his lip as though fear of her leaving created more panic than the weird little investigator. “My work attracts a few anomalies. That strange man is just one of them. But no one has ever come near my home.” His blond brows furrowed. “My identity is a well-kept secret.”
Emma blinked and a wave of jealousy churned the chips in her stomach. “Yeah? Well, he said his client is a woman.” Her lips tightened. “How many women would pay someone to follow you, Rohan? What did you do?”
Rohan shrugged. “I know no women who would engage an investigator from the Yellow Pages directory.” His eyes narrowed and his expression became shuttered.
The colour drained from Emma’s face and she spun in the metal chair. Her eyes raked the busy street in terror. “Oh no!” In her panic, Emma stood. The chair legs scraped against the pavement. Farrell shot to his feet, his gaze fixed on her and his fluffy ears pricked. Her coffee spewed onto the table and she clutched the oversize coat in white knuckled fingers.
“Emma?” Rohan cocked his head and rose, his warm fingers drawing her writhing hands into his. “What is it?”
“It’s her,” she breathed. “I shouldn’t have come here.”
“Who?” Rohan drew her closer, a protective arm enfolding her shoulders until she bumped against his chest.
“Your mother!” Her words cracked from her chest as though forced free. “I’d hoped she was dead, but she’s here, isn’t she?”
Rohan jerked as though shot. An expression of anger passed across his face before the impassive mask crashed down over it. “That is unkind, Emma.” He cocked his head and stared into her face. He snatched at her coat as she turned away and the sound of the buttons popping seemed to deafen them both. “Hey, hey!” Rohan gripped her thin shoulders and gave her a gentle shake as though trying to sift sense into her. The dog growled and Rohan looked down at him in surprise. “Enough!” he hissed. His tone held indignation and betrayal, but Farrell continued to glare at him. “Em, you can’t just run. Show me where you see her? She is not here.”
Emma screwed up her face in irritation and snatched at the front of Rohan’s warm jacket. Her cold fingers scrabbled at the fabric. “No, not here! She paid the investigator! She must know I’m with you! She’ll come after me!” Emma’s words beat the air with staccato bursts. Shoppers paused with interest, though no one intervened. The couple became a curio, a moment’s entertainment in an otherwise monotonous morning.
“Emma!” Rohan pulled her closer and pressed her face against his chest. He spoke to her in calm, level tones. “People are staring, vozlyublennaya. It’s a small town. Mama doesn’t know you’re here. Continue the show and someone will tell her they saw me with a distraught female. She’s desperate for me to marry and give her vnuchata. Her excitement will be great.”
“No, no, no,” Emma moaned. Fear shook her muscles as a familiar ball of ice settled in her stomach. It had been absent for long enough that its reappearance sickened her. Anton had set her free. She needed to honour her promise.
Emma left her cheek against Rohan’s chest, letting her heart find its rhythm. Her head pounded as though oxygen deprived and she took fortifying breaths filled with Rohan’s aftershave. Her arms reached around his waist and she pressed her fingers against his warmth, allowing herself a moment of contact and promising herself it would be the last. The tension in the street dissipated as interest waned. Her terror eased, but her brain continued to whirr with ways to extract Nicky with the least fuss possible.
“You okay now, vozlyublennaya?” Rohan whispered. Emma nodded, her dark curls bouncing against her shoulders. Ice particles dotted the strands like confetti. He kissed her forehead and released her.
But Emma couldn’t sit. Questions surged through her mind and her body remained rigid. Farrell sat on her feet and pushed so hard against her shins, he almost overbalanced her. “Can we go? Please?” Her speech sounded stilted, her confidence robbed in a moment of perceived threat.
“Okay. Let me just pay the bill.” Rohan left the dog leash in Emma’s stiff fingers and disappeared inside for a moment. She concentrated on stroking Farrell’s soft head and resisting the urge to start running. Her nose throbbed against the cold and unhappiness leaked from every pore of her body.
Rohan slipped an arm around Emma’s shoulders when he returned, securing her against his body and taking the leash. “It’s gonna be okay,” he promised. “My mother doesn’t know you are here. You will not meet her.” His Slav accent added an air of formality to the promise and Emma heard an echo of others he’d made in the past. “It’s gonna be okay,” he repeated. Her cheeks heated at a flashback of tangled legs and rucked sheets. The memory lifted the catch on a locked box in her heart and she held her breath as devastation edged its face from beneath the lid. Rohan had made the promise hours before his deployment to Afghanistan. Nothing had been okay; not then and not since then.
“You shouldn’t make promises you can’t keep,” she whispered. He cocked his head and narrowed his eyes as the cold breeze snatched away her words. Emma didn’t repeat them. Her heart became a leaden ball in her chest and she rebuked herself for allowing it to soften. She shouldn’t be there. She shouldn’t have brought her son into her latest moment of stupidity.
Rohan kept hold of Emma, refusing to let her flee. He walked her onto the high street despite her protests and insisted she buy warmer clothes. The kindness in his eyes caused her conflict and she felt herself falling under a familiar spell. Rohan’s sense of command oozed from him in waves, overpowering Emma’s reason with ease. She daren’t make another scene and conceded enough to visit the second-hand shops and replenish her meagre wardrobe. Rohan stood outside each shop with Farrell, supplying enough cash for her to buy much more than she did. She shopped without trying the items in a smash-and-grab style, desperate to get back to the safety of Rohan’s house.
“I’m finished,” she said. “I need to fetch Nicky from school.”
Rohan frowned as she piled notes and change into his palm. “You spent less than twenty pounds?” His keen eyes grazed the money in his hand and calculated the difference with ease. “How could you get what you need for so little?”
Emma’s jaw tightened. “Practice,” she bit. Her voice sounded toneless. “I’ll pay you back before I leave.”
“Leave?” Rohan swallowed and a line appeared in his forehead. “Not yet?”
Emma licked her lips and regretted the action as cold air chilled her tongue. “Soon,” she replied, though the logistics gave her a pain in her head. She had no money for transport and no job when she got there.
Rohan carried her bags and she flexed her fingers over the dog leash. Farrell slipped along next to her, sticking to her left leg as though glued there. “Why does he do this?” she asked, changing the leash into her other hand and trying to persuade him to switch.
“No, don’t do that.” Rohan grabbed her fingers and pushed the leash, so the bewildered dog could return to his preferred side. “Stick with how I trained him, or you’ll confuse him. I need to show you all his commands so you can take care of him while I’m gone.”
“Okay.” Emma reached down and stroked the glossy head and swallowed her misgivings. She’d forgotten her agreement to look after Farrell while Rohan went away on his business trip. It bought her time to make other arrangements and gave them a roof over their heads for a few days at least. She relaxed, the imminence of their departure less urgent. She swallowed and shot Rohan a sideways glance. “I need to know where your mother is and whether I might run across her.” She glared at him. “That can’t happen, Rohan,” she stated, her tone laden with threat. “I mean it.”
He shook his head. “She’s in this town but won’t visit the house without notice. I will keep her away from you.” His smile appeared less reassuring than his words; a man unable to reconcile two pieces of his world. “Hey, you’ll be fine.” He frowned and looked across the park, shielding his eyes with his hand against the low, weak sun glittering on the frozen grass.
“I always am,” Emma said. “Somehow.”
Rohan tutted and slipped his arm around her shoulders. His lips felt warm against her temple. Their arrival at the strange gate in the wall reminded her of Felicity and she put distance between their bodies. The action seemed to cause a tearing sensation in her heart, like two pieces of corrugated cardboard pulled apart with difficulty. They joined the throng of other parents and caregivers filling the walled playground, but when Rohan reached for her again, Emma pushed his hand away. “You have a girlfriend!” she snapped.
Rohan shoved his hand into his pocket and frowned. He said nothing.

Chapter 13
“Please, can we do that fing wiv the slingshot tonight?” Nicky bounced along next to Rohan, his small hand nestled in the big Russian’s fingers.
“See what Mummy says.” Rohan smiled at him. “She’s the boss lady.”
Emma held onto Farrell’s leash and shook her head at Rohan’s feigned deference. She enjoyed the sense of family and tried not to wish it could be permanent.
“Excuse me!” The voice called from behind and Emma halted. A dark-skinned woman hurried through the park behind them, dragging the newest version of little Mohammed behind her. A neat weave kept her Afro hair in tight order and frown lines marred a high forehead.
Emma fixed a wooden smile on her face and steeled herself. A skip in her chest warned her not to make friends; her and Nicky weren’t staying. “Hi,” she said, forcing joviality into her tone.
“I’m glad I caught you,” the woman said, catching up with them. Rohan clutched Nicky’s hand, his stiffened stance ready for anticipated trouble. He mirrored Emma’s unease and she forced herself to relax. The other mother stopped in front of her and her son gave a covert wave and a smile to Nicky. “I wondered if your son would like to play one evening. Mo hasn’t made many friends since we moved here and he seems to like your son.” She looked around her and lowered her voice. “It’s quite a white area, isn’t it?”
Emma looked around her and blinked. People navigated them as they clogged up the centre of the walkway. Pale faces peered from beneath woolly hats and hoods. “I suppose you’re right,” she said with a frown. “I guess we didn’t think about it like that.”
The woman gave a sigh and stuck her hand out. “I’m Mel. Nice to meet you.”
“Emma.” Their hands clasped and Emma sensed shared pain and hardship in the bony fingers. Neither wore gloves and she regretted throwing hers in the dustbin after the ball crushing incident. She could have washed them, but her antagonism for Rohan made her rash. She glanced at the imposing Russian and her lips parted to introduce him. Mel smiled and pushed her frozen hand in his direction.
“You’re obviously Nicky’s dad. He’s a gorgeous little boy.” Dark eyelashes dotted with frost droplets blinked at the boys. A line appeared in Rohan’s forehead as he accepted her handshake. Nicky seemed to miss the parental error and focussed on Mel’s compliment. His ego fluffed and he dropped Rohan’s hand to slip his arm around Mohammed. “This is our dog. He’s called Farrell.”
Mohammed stroked the waving silky tail and Farrell tolerated the imposition with good grace. Rohan’s jaw worked in his cheek as emotion warred in his blue eyes. Emma swallowed as she saw doubt overshadow everything else and his irises take on an odd sparkle. His gaze bored into her soul and she held her breath as hope resurfaced. He glanced at Nicky and then back at her.
“We can’t ‘ave a dog at the shelter for battered women,” Mohammed said. Sadness overlaid his words.
“Battered?” Nicky patted his friend’s shoulder and his blond brows drew together. He looked to Rohan for explanation and the big Russian winced. Feigning selective hearing, Rohan cleared his throat and dug his hands in his pockets. The soles of his expensive shoes scraped against the pavement as he shifted his feet. Nicky drew his own conclusions and Emma sighed, wishing she’d stepped in sooner. “What, like battered fish? Sometimes if Mummy had pennies left over after the rent and the electric and paying Fat Brian to protect our ‘ouse, she’d get me battered fish as a special treat. A man cooked it in the back of ‘is van. Mummy ‘ad to go off the estate to buy it for me. The van wasn’t allowed on the estate because the fish and chip man wouldn’t pay Fat Brian’s fee. I like battered fish.” Nicky licked his lips and rubbed his stomach in a circular motion. Emma frowned at the blue tinge of his fingernails and wondered where he’d left his gloves this time.
“We ‘ad a Fat Brian on our estate in Manchester,” Mo said. Childish enthusiasm laced his speech. “But ‘ee was a Fat Abdul and ‘ee was my dad.”
Emma pursed her lips and glanced at Mel. The other woman stared at her oversized man’s coat with the popped buttons. A threadbare sweatshirt peeked from beneath it. Emma’s white sock poked through a hole between her boot and its worn sole. Mel’s gaze strayed to the logos on the bags hanging over Rohan’s wrist and she released a sigh. “You raided the charity shops!” she gushed. “Thank goodness! I started to feel like I ‘ad two heads down ‘ere.”
The boys ran around the park, chasing Farrell when Rohan let the dog off the leash. Emma groaned as Nicky splashed through a muddy puddle. Rohan stood at the edge of the grass, legs splayed and his hands wedged deep into his pockets. The bags from the thrift stores looked incongruous, swaying over his wrists against his expensive jacket. Emma’s gaze strayed to the neat backside enclosed in the tight material of his pants and saw Rohan glance back at her with a smirk. She closed her eyes, knowing he revelled in the tension between them. Her thoughts turned to Felicity and she ground her teeth, feeling like an extra piece in someone else’s jigsaw puzzle.
“He’s gorgeous,” Mel whispered.
Emma shook her head. “And he knows it. Don’t fluff his ego for him. He’s hard enough to live with already.”
“Well, you’re very lucky.” Mel sighed. “You’ve landed on your feet.” She patted Emma’s hand with frozen fingers.
“Oh, we’re not...he’s not...” Emma exhaled. “It’s complicated.” Everything seemed futile. She held the tide of her life back with her bare hands and comprehension flooded her chilled bones. Everyone would assume she’d attached herself to Rohan as a life raft. It sickened her and offended her sense of independence. Mel halted and turned to face Emma. She reached out and gripped her fingers beneath hers. The icy air leeched any warmth from both their fingers as the sky darkened to grey overhead.
“It’s your business,” Mel whispered. “I’m the last person you need to explain yourself to.” She blinked and Emma read the pain in her eyes. “We just keep moving forward from day to day and work at keeping our kids safe.”
Emma nodded, Mel’s words putting her own circumstances into perspective. She’d been exiled but not battered. The threat to Nicky’s life was an altogether different one. She gripped Mel’s fingers and acknowledged the wince of pain. She couldn’t fix Mel’s circumstances, but she could at least make a small difference.
Rohan glanced sideways at Emma as she clutched at the plastic bags on his wrist. He made no comment as she slid them free, instead utilising his fingers to emit a powerful whistle across the park to the dog. Farrell changed direction and wove his way back to Rohan, trailed by two filthy, giggling children.
“Here.” Emma dug around in the bag until her hand closed over what she wanted. She pulled out a pair of woollen gloves she’d bought at the charity shop earlier. “They need a wash, but they’ll keep you warm.” She held them out to Mel.
“I don’t need charity.” Mel frowned and took a step backwards, though her gaze never left the plum coloured gloves.
Emma flapped the gloves between them. “I know you don’t. And nor do I.” The gloves hung between them, the woolly wrists secured by a safety pin and a handwritten price tag. Twenty pence. Nothing to some and everything to others. A fifth of a pound coin; the difference between comfort and misery. Mel swallowed and reached for them, the action slow and her fingers touching the woollen surface as though she stroked delicate china.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
Emma shrugged. “It’s not charity if we’re trading.”
Mel’s eyes sparkled as she recognised a familiar currency. Life on the council estates thrived on trading; a favour for a favour which didn’t always involve coin. “Done!” she said with enthusiasm. “One day I’ll give you something you didn’t even know you needed.”
Emma nodded. “Done,” she agreed.
The group crossed the busy Northampton Road as a winter dusk settled. Traffic increased, car headlights sparkling off the wet roads and the windows of houses lining the street. Nicky wrinkled his nose as a car stopped to let them cross northbound carriageway. “We missed the lollipop lady,” he grumbled. “I wanted to see her again with her stick. She stops the traffic and everything.”
Mo nodded and swung his skinny arms. “We ‘ad a lollipop man once,” he remarked. “But he disappeared when the gangs stopped protecting ‘im and nobody else wanted to do it.”
Nicky rolled his eyes. “We never even ‘ad one,” he complained. He glanced back at Emma and lowered his voice. “But sometimes Harley Man stopped his motorbike so I could cross the little roads. If I saw him driving around, I used to cross even if I didn’t want to.”
Mo puffed out his cheeks and giggled. The boys put their heads together, a stark contrast between their white and brown hair. Emma shook her head and rolled her eyes at Mel. “I can see how this is gonna go,” she said, her eyes bright.
Mel nodded and between them, they persuaded the boys to part company. Mel and Mo walked back to the women’s shelter which was discreetly hidden in an unimposing Victorian house in the middle of a row. Emma watched her walk away and wondered about her story. The women on the estate didn’t usually get sent so far from home when they suffered domestic abuse. They went to a local shelter and the children continued at the same school. She frowned, suspecting Mel’s situation had added complications for her and Mo.
Rohan slipped his arm around Emma’s wooden shoulders and squeezed. “You’re freezing,” he whispered. “Let’s go home.” He held his other hand out and Nicky took it. Farrell trotted between them and they walked as a line on the wide footpath. At the alleyway through to Newcombe Street, Nicky took the leash and jogged ahead with the dog, but Rohan kept his arm fixed around Emma’s shoulders until they reached the front door.

“You!” The voice sounded vitriolic and still thick with a Slavic accent. It forced Emma’s insides to recoil, infusing her stomach with an awful sensation of nausea. She dropped her drinking glass, feeling the sharp shards pierce the skin of her instep as it shattered on the tiles and cut through her sock. The tiny cuts stung, penetrating the numbness taking over Emma’s body.
Rohan’s mother stood in the hall, her immaculate figure framed in the kitchen doorway and a front door key gripped in her raised hand. Her voice sounded like fingernails dragged across a blackboard. “Vot are you doing here?” she demanded, thinning her lips in a habitual pout. “Vy are you at my son’s house? Ver is he?”
Alanya had remained beautiful, her straight blonde hair subdued into a tight bun and her ballerina’s poise still slight and graceful. Age had attacked the top half of her body since they last met, bending her forward like a weathered tree, but her face hadn’t changed. Her lips formed an unsmiling pencil line and her blue eyes bored into Emma’s innermost places of fear.
Emma stared at the mess on the floor and then at the terrifying woman in the doorway. Alanya’s presence reduced her to a sixteen-year-old again, a girl with tousled, curly dark hair and a skip in her step. She’d cowered before the vicious matriarch who had seized possession of her father’s home. Emma resisted the overwhelming desire to cringe. Six years of hardship had honed the gentle curve of her spine into a backbone of steel. With poise and dignity, she scrunched across the glass, feeling the jagged edges press into the soles of her feet. “Rohan’s out,” she said, keeping her tone formal. Edging past her former stepmother, she walked up the stairs and maintained her composure until the second turn of the dogleg. She felt the burn of Alanya’s eyes boring into the side of her face through the wooden spindles of the staircase.
Behind the safety of her bedroom door, she propped a chair beneath the handle and hurled herself face down on the bed. “Shit, shit, shit!” she hissed, the need to run building like a head of steam in her brain. The pain from the glass cuts in her feet forced her to deal with the reality of the moment. Blood stained her socks as she sat up and stripped them off her feet. She dabbed at her bleeding flesh with a tissue from the bedside table and forced her addled mind to make contingency plans. Rohan’s promise formed the backdrop. He’d said Alanya couldn’t find out. He lied.
Emma crawled around the carpet, throwing clean clothes into her battered suitcase. The tissues slipped from her feet, forcing her to face her difficulties. She paused to dampen more and stuck them over the cuts. Everything seemed futile. To run, she needed to at least be able to walk.
No sound came from downstairs and Alanya didn’t follow her. Emma’s heart pounded as she repeated the same action as over six years earlier. A different house. The same threat. She swallowed back tears at the memory of Anton helping her pack, his slender fingers stuffing her clothes into a duffle bag and throwing it over his shoulder. She heard his words as though he stood in the room with her. “Never come back, Emma. Do you promise?”
Emma dabbed at the cuts with more tissue, making a white mountain next to her on the light carpet. Time joined the battle against her and the alarm clock’s hands ticked on without sympathy. The half an hour needed to pack up Nicky’s belongings and drag everything to the school created an impossible task.
Alanya’s raised voice drifted upstairs and Emma’s fingers stilled. Infused with urgency, she stuffed tissues in clean socks and hauled them over her cut feet. “I will not be a victim,” she chanted, using the familiar mantra to energise herself. But sadness and regret tainted her words. “I’m sorry, Anton,” she breathed. “I’m sorry I let you down and ruined everything.”
Alanya shouted something in her jerky Russian and Emma caught the echo of a male voice rise in reply. She crawled to the bedroom door and lifted the chair aside. Opening the door a crack, she peeked into the hallway. Empty. The sound came from downstairs and towards the back of the house. Rohan’s deep bass rumbled from the kitchen, giving Emma the opportunity to escape through the front door.
Her feet smarted as she stood and she searched around for her threadbare jacket. Limping to the wardrobe, she lifted it from the handle and slipped it over her shoulders. The suitcase zipper made a sad sound as she pulled it closed.
“Em!” The knock on her bedroom door made her jump and squeak in fright. “Are you okay?” He pushed the door open and took a step inside the room.
“My syn!” Alanya’s voice wailed from the bottom of the stairs. “Throw ze bitch out. She is trouble. Mycop, garbage!”
“Stop!” Rohan spun around and disappeared from the doorway. His heavy footsteps pounded down the stairs and Emma listened to his mother’s protests as the front door opened. “Mama. This is not your business. Ukhodi!”
“Don’t tell me to go away!” Alanya’s voice rose in the street. Pain and fury laced her speech. Rohan’s voice lowered and Emma used the reprieve to pick up her empty wallet and stuff it into her jacket pocket. A glance at her watch gave her five minutes to pack Nicky’s things and get everything downstairs.
The front door slammed and Emma heard Rohan exhale. Her mind automatically translated his next sentence. “Bugger off, woman.” He crested the stairs with his odd gait and knocked on the door before entering. “She’s gone now, Em. What are you doing?” Shock replaced irritation and he pushed the door wide. Emma paused while hoisting her suitcase upright. A broken wheel caused it to list to one side.
“Leaving.” She hid her trembling hands behind her back.
“No!” Rohan’s brow furrowed into deep lines. His blond fringe covered one eye as he stared at the blood-stained tissues on the carpet. “What happened, Em? Did she do this?” His jaw tightened and an angry flush began on his neck.
Emma shook her head. Much as she wanted to sully Alanya’s reputation, she resisted sinking to the depths of untruth. “No. She let herself in with a key and frightened me. I dropped a glass and stupidly walked through it.” Her jaw tightened. “You promised I wouldn’t see her.”
Rohan frowned and shook his head. “She never comes here. I didn’t anticipate her walking across town and didn’t know she owned a key.” He ran a shaking hand through his hair. “I’m sorry. It won’t happen again. I took the key from her. She lives in the retirement flats on the Northampton Road. She’s never walked here before today. I don’t know why she did.”
Emma shrugged and her fingers clenched around the handle of her suitcase. “It doesn’t matter,” she said. “Nicky and I are leaving.”
“To go where?” Rohan fixed his hand on the door frame. His body created a barrier and Emma paused. Devilment tempted her to step under the triangle formed by his outstretched arm and the line of his body. She took a step forward. “Please?” Rohan’s request sounded civil, but desperation leaked from his soul. “Don’t go.”
“I can’t stay.” Emma’s jaw ground against her cheek. She narrowed her eyes and glared at Rohan. “You told her about Nicky.”
“I told her nothing!” he protested. “I don’t know why she came here, Em. Please, believe me?”
Emma glanced at her watch. “I need to fetch Nicky and break the news. Get out of my way.”
“No.” His blue irises cooled to the colour of a frozen lake. “You can’t leave.”
“She’ll come back.” Emma gave an involuntary shiver. She closed her eyes against the memories. “I broke my promise to Anton. He knew this would happen.”
Rohan released a snort of irritation. “Anton?” He inhaled and his nostrils flared. “I don’t want to speak about Anton!” His eyes narrowed in betrayal and his lips fixed into thin lines. “I will fetch plasters for your cuts and then we will fetch Anton’s syn. You delude yourself if you believe my mama cares anything for a child of his. She made no secret of her disappointment in his choices.” He watched Emma’s reaction as he tested her with his words. She kept her expression impassive and he frowned before leaving the room. She heard him navigating the stairs to the lower level and the sound of drawers opening and closing. Her legs wobbled beneath her and she sank to the carpet. Blood seeped through her socks and the wads of tissue. She removed them, wincing at the tiny cuts which continued to ooze.
Rohan clumped back up the stairs with a first aid kit, sighing as he selected sticking plasters with care. His blue-eyed gaze fixed on Emma’s face as though searching her soul for clues. He made the moment much more serious than it deserved and childish giggles born of nervousness bubbled in her chest. “Stop staring at me!” she spluttered, fumbling a wiggling plaster. It stuck to the carpet and she snorted as she lifted it and inspected the fluff attached to the glue.
“Bloody hell, Em!” Rohan snatched the packet from her hand and frowned in concentration. She squealed as he shredded the cardboard in his capable fingers, showering her with plasters of all shapes and sizes.
“How did that help?” she asked, a giggle sneaking through her voice. Shaking her head, she saw two round pimple plasters cascade from her hair. A laugh burst from her lips.
Rohan slid to the floor next to her, bending one of his legs and keeping the other out straight. “Keep still!” he commanded, gripping her left ankle in his fingers and hauling her leg across his. One handed, he peeled the backing off a long plaster with his teeth and spat the white paper onto the carpet. He aimed it over the worst of Emma’s cuts and she squealed, yanking her foot away. Rohan jerked and stuck the plaster to her jeans.
“I don’t want it on my foot when you’ve had it in your mouth!” Emma punctuated her protest with a snort of laughter.
“I’m gonna kill you in a minute!” Rohan growled, but an uncharacteristic smirk lifted one side of his mouth.
Emma grinned. “Durak,” she whispered.
Rohan looked up in surprise at her use of the Russian word for fool. He made no comment, tearing the protective backing from another plaster in absolute silence.
Sensing she’d gone too far, Emma’s mirth lessened. The need to push him to get a reaction wore her out, depleting her energy like it always had. He’d maintained the blank expression and bottled emotions for a lifetime, inoculating himself against the world. And her. She sighed, a deep, lonely sound. Her heart craved the Rohan of their private times together; loving, generous and open. Her Rohan, not the stiff captain the army had sent home once it had ruined his body. He’d locked out everyone, even her. Especially her.
Rohan held up the biggest plaster in his fingers and without warning, lurched for her mouth. He’d sealed it over her lips before she could react. “Better,” he said, a smile breaking out across his face. Emma gasped as the sun seemed to shine from behind his stormy blue irises. It was there and then gone, but she’d seen it.
Squeaking, she tipped backwards onto the carpet to get away from him as he narrowed his eyes and lifted the next plaster. She emitted a series of grunts and squeaks which might have been swearwords. Rohan overbalanced as she shifted sideways and seemed unable to save himself, sticking plasters dangling from both hands. Emma grunted in protest as his torso pressed her into the carpet. She pressed her hands against his immovable chest. Rohan smirked and smiled down at her, his weight on one elbow. Tension crashed down onto them like a lead block, heavier than his ribs crushing hers.
Emma’s eyes widened and she made incoherent sounds from behind the plaster. Rohan’s lips turned down and he whispered something in Russian which she didn’t catch. His eyelashes fluttered against his cheek and the long fingers of his right hand moved to her waist. The air hung between them. Emma watched his full lips move, her mind playing cruel tricks as it reminded her of the heat of his tongue. Rohan’s pupils widened and he lifted his hand and moved it towards her face. His body conducted an involuntary tremor of anticipation through them both.
At the last second, his fingers swerved across her eyeline and the plaster landed on the end of her nose. Emma lifted her left hand and her fingernails scrabbled to remove both plasters. She flicked them onto the carpet and opened her mouth to complain, words of rage ready to escape. Rohan’s lips quirked upwards as he leaned close enough for his warm breath to coast across her chin. Emma’s lungs stilled and she swallowed, his familiar scent surrounding her like a haze. The colour of Rohan’s irises changed to the hue of a stormy sea and he sighed. His fingers brushed her cheekbone at its highest point and his lips parted to speak. Emma held her breath.
“You should fetch your son,” he said, his voice low and gruff.
“We’re still leaving, Ro,” Emma whispered. “This isn’t working.”
Rohan frowned, his eyebrows drawing close together to mask the pain in his eyes. His jaw flexed as his teeth ground. He exhaled through his nostrils and the blank mask crashed down over his feelings. “I’ll drive you to the school. Fix the plasters to your feet and I’ll bring the car around to the street.”
Rohan pushed himself upright and used the bedspread to drag himself up backwards. Emma sat up and collected the ruined plasters. She folded them into her palm with exaggerated care. “Nicky will want to play with Mo in the park,” she said. “I need to tell him we’re leaving.” She gnawed her lower lip and closed her eyes, imagining the scene.
“I’ll fetch the car. Be ready in five minutes.” Rohan stood and paused at the door. His hand closed over the handle and he gave his head a slight shake. Then his shoulders straightened and he hauled the door open, stepping out into the hallway and closing it behind him.
“Ro!” Emma’s voice held panic as she called him back. The door opened and his face held expectation.
“What’s wrong?” He stepped inside the room.
“Promise your mother knows nothing about Nicky?”
To her dismay, Rohan shrugged. “I can’t, Em. I don’t know how she found out you were here, or where she got the door key. She didn’t mention Nicky, but that doesn’t mean she doesn’t know he exists.” Rohan sighed. “Anton’s revelation of homosexuality severed their relationship many years ago. I promise you, she won’t care about his syn.”
His words sounded formal and wooden. Emma nodded, acknowledging another thing she owed thanks to Anton for sacrificing. “Okay,” she said. “Fair enough.”
“Get ready.” Rohan barked the order as though commanding his troops and Emma let reality wash over her. She nodded and Rohan left again, exiting the room with a heavy sigh.
Emma used more toilet roll to dab her cuts dry. Then she used the scattered plasters to patch up her feet enough to stand. She donned two pairs of less holey socks and limped into the hallway, closing Nicky’s bedroom door on impulse. If she didn’t look at his few belongings, she didn’t need to think about packing them up and wheeling his battered suitcase down the stairs with hers.
She’d been running since the day Anton discovered the child growing in her womb, forced onward by circumstances outside her control. Emma’s hand gripped the door handle, the smooth metal hard beneath her fingers. “I’m tired,” she whispered, leaning her forehead against the knotted wood. “I can’t keep doing this.”
But Anton’s baritone spoke from her thoughts, reminding her of the promise she’d made and warning her of the consequences if she didn’t keep it.

Chapter 14
Rohan drove to school via the main roads. Farrell tucked himself into the footwell at Emma’s feet and laid his head on her knee. Rohan parked the car on the street and held her door open for her. He offered her a hand as she hobbled free and stepped onto the curb. Despite the desire to shy away from his touch, she accepted his help.
“I’ll ask Mama not to come to the house without a prior agreement,” Rohan said, his voice toneless. Emma watched his expression but saw no hint of emotion as he spoke about making a formal arrangement with his mother.
She eyed him sideways. “I don’t trust her, Ro. You didn’t see that evil side of her. I know you don’t believe she’s capable of hurting anyone, but I don’t want her near me or Nicky.” She punctuated her sentence with a determined glare and Rohan frowned. He appeared conflicted, his hands digging into his pockets and a sad slump bowing his shoulders.
“I’m not sure what you think she’s done, Em, but she’s unwell. She struggles with her arthritis and it makes her miserable.”
Emma stopped dead on the pavement. Other parents navigated her like logs in a divided river flow. “Don’t defend her, Ro! You don’t know what she did.”
“What?” Rohan’s eyes widened. “Tell me? What did she do?” He shook his head in confusion and spread his arms out wide. Then a portcullis crashed down over his rare openness and he took a step back from her. “Actually, don’t bother. You sound like my crazy brother.”
Emma watched with an open mouth as Rohan stepped up and walked through the narrow blue gate into the playground. Her fists balled against her thighs as disappointment filled her chest until it left no room for oxygen. Her legs moved like wooden planks as she forced them to follow him.
Emma faced the doors where Nicky would appear, her spine ramrod straight and her heart bulging with pain behind her chest wall. She couldn’t bring herself to stand next to Rohan, leaving at least five metres between them. A group of chatting mothers filled the gap, forcing the separation to open further. Emma practiced the sentences in her head which would devastate her son’s world, selecting and disregarding each one after holding it up to inspection. He wouldn’t make a fuss, but the guilt of his stoic silence would act as its own punishment.
When a hand squeezed her shoulder, Emma jumped and whirled around with a gasp. Rohan frowned at her, contrition in his blinking blue eyes. “Sorry,” he whispered. “I’m out of the habit of justifying myself to others. Let’s not speak of my mother, da?” He wound an arm around Emma and kissed her temple. His touch infused her with warmth. “She will stay away because I will tell her to. You don’t need to leave.”
Emma’s shoulders slumped. “I wish I believed you, Ro. But I don’t.” She pushed at Rohan’s chest as her heart constricted with the truth of Anton’s constant complaint. Rohan wouldn’t, or couldn’t see what was right in front of his nose. He was Alanya’s favourite son. His mother had achieved what she’d always wanted; Rohan all to herself.
“Is that you, Rohan?” Felicity clicked down the ramp into the playground, her high heels drawing the attention of the waiting parents as her ankles twisted at an unnatural angle. She shielded her eyes against the weak winter sun. Her voice grated, a shrill quality to it. The banshee call cut through the frigid air like a hatchet. “Roro! Oh, sweetie, you came to meet me from work.” Her eyes narrowed and Emma saw a flash of naked hatred behind the designer glasses. She acknowledged Emma with a grimace. “And you brought your little sister. How nice.” She dragged out the last word to emphasise the opposite meaning. Emma tried to shuck Rohan’s arm from around her shoulders, but he increased the pressure and the awkwardness. Felicity took a step forward until the toes of her stilettos pointed between Rohan’s brogues. A manicured fingernail flicked at the zipper on his jacket and she leaned forward, pursing her lips for a kiss. He stared at her for long enough for the moment to become uncomfortable. Felicity ended the deadlock by bouncing up on her toes and spreading pink lipstick over Rohan’s lower lip.
Emma wriggled free of his arm, colour blossoming on her cheeks. Having achieved her goal, Felicity slipped her hand through the crook of Rohan’s elbow and turned her body to cut Emma from the intimate circle. In an accidental gesture of loyalty, Farrell plonked himself down on Felicity’s pointed stiletto and she grunted in pain.
Emma focussed her attention on the double doors, her mind sending futile telepathic signals to Nicky to make him hurry. Felicity burned holes in the side of her face with the venom darts from her eyes. She leaned across and tapped Emma’s arm. “Remind me how long you’re staying?” Her voice projected a sickly sweet quality. Emma shot a glance at Rohan and saw him frown in profile.
“I’m not sure,” she replied, keeping her gaze focussed on the door. “Not long.”
“It doesn’t seem worth the effort of enrolling your son in our school,” Felicity sniped. “He won’t be here long enough to settle.”
“He’s fine.” Emma stared at the doors as a group of tiny children emerged. The first two held the teacher’s hand and skipped alongside her.
Felicity turned her full attention to Rohan, undeterred by his indifference. “Let’s get some Chinese food tonight and stay in,” she crooned. “I’ve downloaded a great movie for us to watch.”
Emma acknowledged the knot of jealousy brewing in her gut. Felicity’s combative attitude had raised it from the dead by laying down the unnecessary challenge. Emma closed her eyes, wanting the foolish woman to stop baiting her. She balled her fists and fixed her gaze on the bouncing children as they spotted their carers and ran across the playground with rucksacks bobbing on their slender backs.
Felicity gave a propitious giggle, lowering her voice to a conspiratorial whisper. She tugged Rohan’s arm and giggled again, though he hadn’t given her any encouragement. Emma resented Felicity’s desperate game playing. It caused her to question her own motives in moving in with Rohan, instead of enjoying the freedom of his patronage before cruel reality broke through her fragile safety. Her shoulders drooped. Reality had already visited in the shape of Alanya Andreyev Harrington.
“Silly me, I almost forgot.” Felicity’s shriek jarred Emma from her thoughts. A manicured hand landed on Emma’s sleeve. “I needed to ask you something.” Felicity steered Emma away from the herd of parents and blocked her view of the door. Rohan looked over his shoulder, a frown on his face. He stood with his spine ramrod straight and his legs splayed as though on parade. His fingers twitched, revealing his confusion. Faced with the effervescent Felicity, the army captain didn’t know how to react.
“I need to stay here.” Emma tilted her head sideways so she could still see the door. “I’m watching for my son.”
“Well, the headmaster wants to see you,” Felicity replied. Her eyes glittered and her lips drew into a straight line. She hadn’t wanted to deliver the message.
“Why?” Emma’s eyes widened. “What’s the problem?”
“I don’t know.” Felicity leaned closer, shrouding Emma in her floral perfume. “What’s going on between you and Rohan? Is there something I don’t know?”
“No.” Emma regretted the doubt in her voice and tried to force it away. Her forced smile wilted and her gaze flicked towards the door. Other children emerged, skipping across the playground to parents. A small boy fell over his lunch box.
Felicity moved to stand in front of Emma. She tapped the toe of her red stiletto on the concrete playground. A chalk circle with a yellow smile got pounded in the face by her sole. “I don’t have any choice but to believe you.” Felicity shot a look back at Rohan and lowered her voice. “I hope you won’t get in my way.”
Emma followed her gaze and pitied the handsome Russian. He watched for Nicky like an addict seeking a hit. She shook her head and her reply sounding biting. “You’re getting into a battle you don’t understand,” she growled.
Felicity’s eyes widened. “What do you mean? I knew there was something odd about you turning up. I demand to know what’s going on!”
“Nothing’s going on!” Emma took a step forward. The more Felicity challenged her, the more she wanted to abandon her own plans and do the opposite to spite her. She prodded a fore finger into Felicity’s fluffy coat. “We won’t get in your way if you don’t get in ours!”
Felicity blinked at Emma’s sudden show of fire. She heaved out a sigh of exasperation. “Fine then! But something is distracting him and if it isn’t your appearance, then what is it?
“I don’t know!” Emma spat the words, aware of the growing attention of those around her. “Don’t hold me responsible for your shortcomings as a girlfriend.” She reared back and took a step away from Felicity. Danger flared in the darkness of her irises and Felicity took the warning. She looked momentarily unsure and her teeth chewed off the gloss from her lower lip while she regrouped.
“Fine. But the headmaster wants to see you in his office,” Felicity bit. She clip-clopped away, expecting Emma to follow. “Hurry. He has another meeting!”
Emma pursed her lips into a tight line. She floundered, conflicted between dread, curiosity, and the impending arrival of her son. “I need to wait for Nicky,” she called after her.
A bell sounded, pealing into the brick courtyard like a claxon. The last of the tiny infants filtered through the blue door before older children appeared. Clad in woolly scarves, hats and warm clothes, they poured from the building. Their eyes searched for parents before charging forward with pictures, library bags and rucksacks. Teachers kept head counts and nodded to parents as they released their charges.
Emma held her breath as Nicky appeared in the doorway. Felicity paused at the far corner of the courtyard and looked back, a frown creasing her forehead. Nicky cast around for Emma through huge blue eyes which glittered in the fading winter sun. Concern set off a series of nervous blinks. His gaze settled on Emma and relief turned up the corners of his lips in an effortless smile. He patted his teacher’s thigh and spoke to her. She smiled and nodded at Emma. Nicky’s faded puffer jacket gaped open and his white polo shirt hung from trousers which belonged on a bigger boy. His library bag bashed his kneecaps as he skipped down the ramp into the playground, tripping a little on his spindly legs. Emma opened her arms to greet him, but he turned aside at the last moment and placed his affection elsewhere.
Rohan scooped him up with a grin and swung him in an arc. Nicky’s squeals of delight drew the attention of other parents and children. Farrell wagged his tail hard enough to raise his backside off the floor and loose gravel swam around his tail like the after effects of a snow angel.
Emma’s brow knitted and her brown eyes grew as dark as coals. She hadn’t realised how much she feared Rohan’s influence over her son until she watched him replace her in Nicky’s affections.
“Are you coming or not?” Felicity snapped. She retraced her steps, curiosity pursing her soft lips and glittering from behind her cold blue eyes. The wind ruffled her blonde hair and she postured, fixing her manicured fingers over her slender hips. “I already told you Mr Dalton has another meeting.”
“Go. We’re fine.” Rohan’s nod at Emma told her he’d heard her conversation with Felicity. Emma glanced at her son and then at the tall Russian. Her nod appeared wooden and forced.
Emma pulled herself away from the sight of Rohan and Nicky with their heads bowed like conspirators. The green, snakelike fingers of jealousy settled in her soul. Her prevalent sense of optimism seemed to have temporarily abandoned her. She felt lonely without it, left with nothing but bitterness to fill the gap.
“Ah, Mrs Harrington.” The headmaster spoke with a deep baritone. His cauliflower ears and twisted nose bore testament to an earlier rugby career. The diarrhoea brown suit looked too big for him, but he exuded enough confidence for outward appearances not to matter. Enthusiasm emanated from him like a cannabis haze. He was an enigma, a teacher herding children for the love of the task.
The urge to correct him on her marital status came and went as Emma remembered the lecherous headmaster from her last school. Felicity studied her with a pout and Emma hid her smirk. She’d taken great care not to tick the title box and the nosy secretary had missed it in her eagerness to determine Nicky’s parentage. Emma turned sideways to obscure Felicity’s view and then added the final blow. Calling over her shoulder as though considering an afterthought, she dismissed her. “Thanks Felicity,” she said. Her wooden smile offered no opportunity for Felicity to stay in the room. “I appreciate your help.”
Oblivious, the headmaster beamed at Emma as though she was the Christmas gift he’d always wanted. A missing side tooth made the experience a little freaky. “Yes, thank you, Felicity,” he said. With a grunt of disdain, Felicity backed through the door and closed it behind her with exaggerated roughness. The headmaster paused until her stiletto heels had clicked into the distance. Then his round face broke into a grin. “Walk with me!” he said, clapping his hands together. Excitement sparkled in his blue eyes. “I’ve something to show you.”
The journey down the corridor was fraught with delay, not just because experience had made Emma wary of older men keen to show her things. She dragged her feet at first until realising she didn’t need to fear Mr Dalton. He didn’t have a threatening bone in his body.
The school population of four hundred various sized children should have got halfway home by the time the headmaster appeared in the corridor. But the word had gone out that their halo wearing leader was enjoying a walkabout. All hell broke loose as children materialised on every side of him in the narrow corridor, streaming back in from the playground as a mob. Mr Dalton walked at a snail’s pace; his feet pointed towards a staircase leading to a mezzanine floor. He could have benefited from a security detail to take care of crowd control.
“Mr D, I done this picture for you!” A child bounced next to him, waving a sheet of damp paper. Two blonde ponytails swung from above her ears. Her eyes lit from within as Mr Dalton took the paper with a smile and admired the stick images.
“Ah, is this me and the England rugby squad?” he asked. The child pursed her lips and nodded. It could have been anything, but she appeared delighted with his deduction. “And there’s the ball.” His knotty finger jabbed at a splodge of paint in the sky. “Perfect.”
“Mr D, is your wife all better now after her hystericalectomy? Mum got sweets for her, but the dog ate them.”
“That’s very kind of your mum.” Mr Dalton bestowed a smile worthy of a king. “Please thank her on behalf of Mrs D and the dog.”
“Mr D, look at my new shoes.” A foot appeared from the crowd and dangled in the air before the owner fell over backwards with a grunt.
“Wonderful!” Mr Dalton intoned. “Very smart indeed, Toby.”
“What ya doin’ Mr D?”
“Where ya goin’ Mr D?”
Everyone smaller than four feet tall wanted a piece of him. Emma surged along in the bodies which thronged around her like floodwaters. The miniature fans stuck with them until the bottom of the stairs where Mr Dalton stopped and turned, holding out his arms like a televangelist demanding cash. “Well, children,” he said in a sing-song storyteller’s voice. “See you all tomorrow. Mrs Harrington and I have important work to do for our school celebration.”
There was a hum of disappointment and the bodies dribbled away like flotsam. Emma heard the word celebration and realised she’d left it too late to bolt. Discomfort spread through her body like a virus. She’d bet he wanted her archiving skills.
Mr Dalton beamed at Emma. “I love this job.” He slapped his thighs with enthusiasm and skipped up the stairs ahead of her. Emma paused, but the sound of Felicity’s high heels clopping along the wooden floorboards drove her after him as an embrace of the lesser of two evils. Mr Dalton skipped up the fifteen steps like a mountain goat and entered a door at the top. Then he turned with a grin and held his arms out. “Welcome to our computer suite,” he said with a flourish. “We’re very proud of it.”
“Lovely.” Emma made appreciative sounds and looked around at the neat workstations lined side by side. The paint smelled fresh and no old photographs decorated the pristine space. Apart from a lonely shoe and a discarded cardigan, it looked unused. Her heart sank as Mr Dalton bounced over to a half-height door and yanked it open. “Your son says you’re an amazing archivist,” he declared. His voice echoed in the cavernous space beyond the door. “So, I’ve got the perfect job for you.”
The scent of must and damp hit Emma like a wall. She closed her eyes and breathed through pursed lips. Mr Dalton bent himself double and disappeared into the cavity of the attic space. His voice acquired an echo as though he’d shoved his head into a balaclava. “Your son was quite chatty!” he boomed. “I’m impressed he can spell ‘archivist’.”
Emma heard boxes shifting around on a gritty surface and her heart clenched. “Not again,” she whispered. “Just shoot me now.”
“Pardon?” The headmaster emerged from the half-height doorway in a rush, bringing with him a cloud of dust, a collapsing cardboard box and a smell which filled every archivist with dread. Mildew. Undeterred, Mr Dalton went back inside for more. “We have a very small budget.” His voice reverberated off beams and slate tiles which Emma couldn’t see.
“I bet you do,” she whispered. “Same old story.” She didn’t follow him. Nobody cared about their dusty, neglected archives until they needed them. By then it was usually too late and most were past displaying.
“Let’s start at fifteen hours a week and see how we go. Our board chairman has estimated that a couple of weeks should do it.” He emerged with a nasty looking cobweb hanging over his left ear. Emma took a cautious step backwards in case its owner had come along for the ride.
Mr Dalton rose and uttered the magic words which had put the neglected boxes in the spotlight. “It’s our one hundred and fiftieth celebration this year.”
“When this year?” Emma’s voice sounded flat alongside Mr Dalton’s enthusiasm.
“December,” he replied. “So that gives you time to get everything ready. If you could just prepare the resources for display, we’ll do the rest.” He clapped his hands together and released a cloud of dust. “Eleven months is more than enough time to create something wonderful for our children.”
Emma eyed the box of tarnished trophies, mouldy photographs and cracked picture frames. Her gaze flicked back to the trusting little man. She bit her lip and prepared to let him down as gently as she could manage. “Nicky and I are just staying with a friend,” she began. The rest of her sentence died on her lips as a spider abseiled down the side of Mr Dalton’s face.
“Fantastic!” He reached forward with filthy hands and clasped hers in a firm grip. “Welcome to the team! I’ll get our caretaker to bring out the rest.”
“The rest? How much is there?” Emma heard the wobble in her voice.
“Oh, heaps!” Mr Dalton waggled his eyebrows. “Take a look!” He opened his arms like a circus master and directed Emma to poke her head beneath the dusty lintel. A dim light bulb lit a makeshift floor covered in brown cardboard boxes in various states of decay. Emma’s heart sank to her toes. The life and history of school lay in a field of neglect. She withdrew her head and took a gulp of clean air.
“Two weeks won’t do it, Mr Dalton,” she said. She shook her head. “Sorry.”
The headmaster wrinkled his nose and saw his solution slipping away from him. He waved a hand in the air and dismissed Emma’s concerns with a weak promise. “I’ll speak to the board. Maybe they can come up with a little more.” The spider landed on his white collar and blended into the brown of his suit. “You just get started and see how it goes.”
Emma emerged from the blue door feeling like she’d just lost a fight with a smiling assassin. The empty playground spread out before her and she cast around for a sight of Nicky as her heart rate ticked up a notch. Felicity’s shrill voice drew a groan from her lips. “You can stop now, Nicky. Uncle Rohan wants to sit with me.”
Farrell barked as Emma appeared. He ran towards her with his leash trailing behind him and his plumed tail wagging like a sail. Rohan caught a tennis ball as it bounced up near his face and kept it clasped in his strong fingers.
“Hi, Mum!” Nicky waved and held his hands out for the ball, giggling as Rohan bounced it back to him.
“Let’s go.” Emma watched the cut of the handsome Russian’s jaw as he jerked his chin upwards at Nicky as though to punctuate the silent command. She expected a fight or at least a protest, but Nicky fell into line as though under a spell.
“Thank goodness!” Felicity rose from a wooden bench, her body encased in the fluff of a dead teddy bear. She took spikier steps than usual in her heels, her body language oozing irritation. As the women converged on Rohan, Felicity slipped her hand through his arm to assert her rights. Emma shrugged and persuaded herself she didn’t care.
“Hey Nick.” She kissed the top of her son’s blond head and ruffled his hair. “Where’s your hat?”
“In my bag.” He ran to the bench and retrieved it, yanking the woollen hat from a hole in the side instead of opening the zipper. Emma ignored the blatant rip and pursed her lips.
“What did he want you for?” Felicity demanded.
“A job,” Emma replied. A mix of emotions performed laps in her mind. “Just for a few weeks.”
“Oh, are you staying?” Felicity’s voice held a complete lack of enthusiasm, her screeching timbre like the drip of a tap.
Emma shrugged as a familiar wire cage descended around her heart. Trapped again. “It’s not for long. Then we’ll head back to Lincoln.”
“We’re stayin’ down here?” Nicky asked, jumping up and down next to her. His eyes widened like espresso saucers.
“Don’t get too excited.” Emma squatted down next to him and lowered her voice. “It’s just for a few weeks. Fifteen hours is part time money, babe. We can’t live on it.”
Nicky’s face dropped into a sad pout. “But I wanna stay with Ro and Farrell.”
Emma sighed and white condensation drifted from between her lips in the frigid air. “Not forever, sweetheart. You knew that before we came. We’ll look after Faz while Rohan’s away on business and then go home.” She couldn’t look up at Rohan’s blue eyes, feeling his stare drilling into the side of her face. She flushed with embarrassment. “Come on, let’s go back to Rohan’s house. I’m cold.” She avoided calling it home.
The little party stepped from the playground as the elderly caretaker closed the side gate. Rohan walked ahead with the dog on the leash, Felicity clamped to his arm. She dragged her heels in a sexy-don’t-care way which made Emma want to buy a train ticket back to Lincoln. She told herself she would if she had the money.
Nicky held her hand and sulked. At the main road, she dropped back to talk to her son without an audience, noticing how the dog kept stopping to wait for her. Darkness crept around them, extending its long fingers out to touch them as the streetlamps flicked on overhead. “What’s up, baby?” she asked, keeping her voice low. “Don’t you like school?”
“It’s not that.” But he didn’t sound sure.
Emma sighed. “Maybe have a little think about what the problem might be and then we’ll talk about it.” She squeezed his hand, not pushing him to rationalise or explain until he felt ready. It usually worked. Rohan and Felicity crossed the busy Northampton Road ahead of them and the traffic forced Nicky and Emma to wait on the pedestrian island in the centre. Nicky tugged on Emma’s hand and hauled her down, so he could whisper in her ear.
“Mummy, I don’t like that lady,” he hissed. “I don’t like it when she cuddles Uncle Ro. He belongs to us, not her.”
Emma exhaled and picked her words with care, buying herself time until they’d dodged the traffic to make it to the other side. “She’s his girlfriend, babe. That’s what they do. When you get a girlfriend, she’ll keep wanting to kiss your face.”
“Yuk!” Nicky screwed his delicate nose into a splodge. The same light freckles which once dotted Anton’s nose reappeared as he relaxed his features, their presence a trace of shared genetics. “I won’t let girls kiss my face,” he scoffed. They can climb trees wiv me and play soccer. I ain’t doin’ none of that sloppy crap!”
“Language, Nicky!” Emma shot a frightened glance at the back of Felicity’s head.
“I know, I know. I’m sorry. It just popped out.” Nicky’s blue eyes grew round. “I wanted to say, shit, but I chose that word instead. I didn’t wanna say shit out loud.”
“You just said it twice!” Emma clamped a hand over his mouth. “We’re not on the estate now, Nicky.”
“Yeah but you said we’re going back there. I need to stay in practice, don’t I?”
They spent the rest of the walk home along the narrow winter streets discussing the merits and drawbacks of the English dictionary according to Fat Brian. They got all the way home before Rohan remembered he’d left his Mercedes outside the school.

Chapter 15
Felicity hung around the house, dogging Rohan’s steps from room to room. He seemed indifferent to her presence which forced her to work even harder to get his attention. Emma whipped up a quick dinner of tinned vegetable soup and sat with Nicky to eat at the breakfast bar. They fell into a familiar routine as she helped him with his homework.
“Ro doesn’t like that woman,” Nicky grumbled. He pushed a pea around his bowl. Emma inhaled through her nose and forced disinterest into her tone.
“It’s not our business.”
“You should tell her to leave.” Nicky scraped his spoon along the bottom of his bowl. Emma gritted her teeth at the sound.
“It’s nothing to do with us.” She reinforced her statement with a glare. “Stay out of it. If we cause a ruckus then Rohan might ask us to leave. Is that what you want?”
“No!” Nicky squirmed on his seat. “But I wanna play games with Rohan and she’s in his face, so he can’t.”
Emma sighed. “He’s a big boy, Nicky. Rohan is capable of managing his own life.”
Nicky wrinkled his nose. “Well, he’s making a shit job of it at the moment.”
Emma groaned and pushed her half-eaten food aside. Nicky fingered the edge of her bowl and pulled it towards himself. “Can I have this?” he asked.
Emma tutted and climbed off the stool. Nicky’s dislike of Felicity caused guilt to bud in her chest. She needed to try harder and make the woman feel less threatened by her presence. In a gesture akin to a white flag, she heated another tin of soup, filled two bowls and carried them into the dining room. Rohan tapped on a laptop at the table and glanced up as she entered. Felicity sat on the window seat looking out at the street. She cut a sad figure with her chin resting against her hand and her elbow on the windowsill. “I brought you some dinner.” Emma fixed a smile on her face and put the bowls on the table. She turned back towards the kitchen for cutlery and a loaf of bread.
Rohan frowned. “You aren’t eating with us?” he asked.
“No.” Emma offered Felicity what she hoped was a genuine smile but received nothing in return. “You enjoy your time together.”
Back in the kitchen, she found Nicky playing with the remnants of her soup. “Leave it if you don’t want it, sweetheart. You don’t need to eat everything in sight. There’s more where that came from, thanks to Rohan.”
“But I want it,” Nicky replied. His spoon tortured a piece of carrot and his eyes glazed in thought. “That woman makes my hunger go away.”
“Felicity? Why?”
“No reason.” Nicky pursed his lips and pushed his spoon under a potato before laying the handle against the side of the bowl with a sigh. “Is it time for you to tell me about my dad yet?” He blinked, his blue eyes wide and filled with accusation.
Emma’s chest clenched as the muscles tightened in fear. She kept her nerve and managed a weak smile. “Not yet, baby. When you’re older.”
Nicky pouted. “I’m older now.”
“Not old enough.” Emma’s fingers writhed behind her back. “I promised you an honest conversation when you’re able to listen to me.” Her chin wobbled, but agitation consumed her son and he didn’t notice.
“This sucks!” he spat. “People keep asking me about him at this new school. What do I say?” He spread his hands wide either side of him and pouted. “Just promise he’s not someone like Fat Brian.” His eyes widened to show the clear white rims. “Or Fat Abdul. Please, not Fat Abdul.”
“I’ve never met Fat Abdul!” Indignation filled Emma’s reply and she settled her hands over her hips. “Who’s asking you about your father?”
“Just people.” Nicky shrugged and looked away. “My new Mo might have to leave soon. His mum is running from her Fat Abdul. He’s tired of running away.” His eyes narrowed as he levelled his accusation at Emma. “I’m sick of running too.”
“We don’t run!” Emma ground her teeth in her jaw and blinked back tears. “We couldn’t stay in Wales without a house. I took the job at the school in good faith. It’s not my fault I lost it.”
Nicky clambered down off his stool. His big toe peeked from a hole in his sock. “Feels like running to me,” he commented under his breath. “I wanna stay here. But it’s hard when people ask about my dad. It makes me wanna tell stories.”
“Stories?” Emma’s voice emerged as a whisper. “What stories?”
Nicky shrugged. “That he’s a cowboy or an astronaut. It’s better than saying he’s in prison.”
“He’s not in prison.” Emma licked her lips and leaned back against the counter to stop her knees knocking. “I’ve told you the truth, Nicky. It’s complicated. I want you old enough to understand. You’ve accepted that until now. What’s changed? Aren’t I enough for you anymore?” She clamped her teeth over her lower lip to stem the flow of emotional blackmail which threatened to pour forth. Her son had rights and she knew it. Quashing them didn’t make her feel like a great mother. It was ugly and she rebuked herself. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“It’s fine.” Nicky dug his hands in his pockets. “I’ll just make up stories. That’ll shut them up.”
“Shut who up?” She narrowed her eyes at Nicky’s veiled reply.
“Just people.” He pursed his lips and glanced towards the door.
“Hop in the shower, baby.” Emma said. She gripped the counter and watched her son slouch towards the kitchen door. “I’ll come upstairs and read your library book with you.”
“Okay.” His sweet face brightened and he padded off upstairs. Emma heard him trip over his own feet halfway up and waited. He picked himself up and continued his journey. She leaned her forehead on her arms on the counter and took steady breaths while waiting for her heart rate to settle. Nausea roiled the food in her stomach.
“What’s wrong?” Rohan’s voice cut through her pain and Emma pushed herself upright.
“Nothing,” she lied. “Just a headache.”
“I have pain killers in that cupboard.” Rohan pointed towards the pantry. “Want some?”
“No thanks.” Her denial revealed the untruth like a beacon shining on her misery.
“How are those cuts on your feet?” Rohan kept his distance and subdued emotion yawned between them like a void.
“Fine.” Emma seized the dirty bowls from the counter and moved towards the sink. Rohan blocked her route, silent and unmoving. He reached out to take them from her and a spoon slipped sideways and hit the tiles before skittering across the floor. Rohan’s eyes narrowed.
“You’re not the help, Emma.” His voice sounded low and melodic.
“I’m just doing you a favour,” she said, her tone brittle. “We’ll move out when you get back.”
Rohan’s Adam’s apple bobbed beneath the soft skin of his throat. A series of faint lines scarred his jaw and Emma stared at them. They drove a wedge further between their shared histories, evidence of a life lived without her. Rohan lifted the bowls from her hands and set them back on the counter. He ignored the fallen spoon and seized her shoulders as she moved to retrieve it.
“I don’t want you to leave,” Rohan whispered. “Don’t make me beg.” His long fingers pushed her curls aside from her neck and Emma shivered at his touch. They both jumped as Felicity’s chair scraped against the floorboards in the dining room.
Emma jerked away from Rohan, her cheeks flushing pink. “Stop it!” she hissed. “Your girlfriend is already suspicious about our relationship. I don’t want any drama, Ro. I shouldn’t have come. This was a big mistake.”
“We need to talk.” Rohan reached for Emma’s waist as she navigated around him to grab the bowls. He released her when she bent to load the dishwasher. Her reflexes and his terrible timing meant she jabbed him in the groin with her elbow as she stood. She made it look like an accident, but his proximity made her panic and she just wanted him to leave her alone.
Rohan grimaced and grabbed his crotch through his pants. “Thanks!”
Emma blinked and tried not to laugh. “Sorry. Wrong place at the wrong time, Ro. Isn’t that the story of our lives?”
Rohan’s brow furrowed. “I don’t think that’s the case at all, Emma. You just have a knack for sabotaging the right place and the right time.”
Emma’s temper flared. She didn’t want to delve any deeper into their shared history and his blame drove the knife deeper into her sense of guilt. She drew back and stared at him with fury in her eyes. Her index finger rose and jabbed at Rohan’s muscular chest. “Stop asking Nicky about his father!” she demanded. “He doesn’t know anything and you’re unsettling him. It’s unfair!”
She took a step back, her hands shaking with the urge to slap his face. Rohan’s irises flashed an azure blue and he caught her wrist as it rose through the air. “I wouldn’t do that!” he snarled. “What do you take me for?” His sexy Russian accent loaded his speech as anger peeled away the facade of the clean-cut English businessman. The tiles felt cold against Emma’s feet and the myriad cuts to her tender flesh set up a collective protest in her socks.
“Leave me alone!” she hissed, wrenching her wrists from his grasp. She stepped until her spine touched the counter and then edged along it towards the door. Felicity’s heels clicked across the wide lobby, the sound echoing off the stairs. “I mean it, Rohan,” she whispered.
The handle depressed and Felicity’s blonde head poked inside the gap as the door slid open. “Are you ready to watch the movie yet?” she said. Her gaze cut to Emma and her expression made it clear the house guest wasn’t invited. “It might be cosier in the bedroom.”
Emma couldn’t look at Rohan; the tension in the room heavy enough to suffocate them both.
“Not tonight.” Rohan lifted his hands and linked them behind the back of his head. His elbows jutted out either side of him and his shirt rose to reveal the soft skin of his waist. A flash of raised, red skin caught Emma’s eye and she frowned.
Felicity kept her gaze on her perceived opponent, her irritation with Emma’s presence distracting her. “Okay. I’ll turn on the television in the lounge then,” she said, missing Rohan’s inference. Her head withdrew and the heels clacked across the lobby into the room next door. An advert blared out into the silence as she turned on the television.
Her anger overridden by curiosity, Emma crossed the room in three strides and she lifted Rohan’s shirt with a tentative finger. He grunted and his arms crashed down as he tried to pull her hand away. “You’re bleeding!” she hissed. “Rohan! When did this happen?”
His fingers closed over hers, his grip rough. He pulled her arm wide so she couldn’t touch him and his blue irises glittered the colour of ice. “Leave it!” he snarled.
“But it’s bleeding!” Emma reached with her other hand and Rohan snagged that one too, sealing her into his circle of intimacy.
“Please, Emma,” he hissed. His tone lost its hardness and a sense of helplessness replaced it. “It’s not bleeding. It just looks that way.” He swallowed and pain back-lit his eyes. “Leave it.” He stared at her for a moment and energy surged between them. For a millisecond it felt like old times, desire dousing their argument like kisses beneath warm summer rain. Rohan swore in Russian and moved with a speed she couldn’t counter. Emma gasped as he folded her into his arms and his lips crashed over hers.
“The movie is starting.” Felicity’s voice infused the moment with a cold reality. Emma tensed as Rohan’s tongue slid beneath her lips. His hands cupped her face and she felt her body align with his in a familiar siren’s call. Then Felicity’s heels crossed the space between the lounge rug and the door.
Emma turned her face aside and Rohan’s lips slid along the softness of her jaw, raising a host of forbidden sensations. It crossed her mind that perhaps he wanted to get caught. The thought sent anger to dispel the lust and she pushed herself backwards and out of his arms. He let her go, his expression becoming blank and a dark hopelessness settling over him like an aura. By the time Felicity pushed her way through the door, she met Emma already on her way out.
“Night,” Emma gushed. “See you tomorrow.”
Felicity’s lips pared back into a snarl. “Oh. Do you start work tomorrow?”
Emma paused in the hallway and shook her head. “No. I meant in the morning.” She glanced at Rohan’s blank face and then back at Felicity. The thought of them together sent a stab of pain into her chest. Awkwardness shrouded her and she flapped a hand between them. “I’ll need to wait for Mr Dalton to organise a contract before I can start.”
Felicity nodded. “Yeah. He’ll have to take up references.”
Emma turned away, her heart sinking along with her hope. References. Of course. He’d ring her previous headmaster and then withdraw the job offer. Her shoulders slumped and she jogged up the stairs without looking behind her. She paused and blew out a breath on the first landing.
“She makes you wanna puke, doesn’t she?” Nicky stood outside his bedroom door stark naked. Unabashed, he settled his hands over his hips.
“A bit,” Emma admitted. Pushing thoughts of Rohan and Felicity from her mind, she changed the subject. “Did you shower already?”
Nicky nodded. “Yeah. I can’t find my pyjamas.”
Emma groaned. “Sorry, baby. I washed them. I bought you a new set from the charity shop, but I washed those as well.” Emma gnawed on the inside of her cheek. “I’ll find something temporary.”
“I’ll go commando.” Nicky shrugged. “I bet Harley Man sleeps commando.”
Emma closed her eyes against the reference of Nicky’s imaginary friend. She’d figured the change in location might banish the motorbike riding hero from their lives. She glossed over it, focussing on the problem at hand. “Farrell doesn’t like commando,” she lied. “It scares him.” Walking to her bedroom at the front of the house, she rifled around in her suitcase and found an old tee shirt. “Wear this for tonight. I’ll dry your new pyjamas for tomorrow. Maybe I can use the tumble dryer.”
Nicky slipped the tee shirt over his slender body and grinned as his head popped through the neck hole. “You’re doin’ a good job ya know?”
His words pricked at Emma’s sense of failure and she shook her head. “I don’t feel like I am,” she whispered.
Nicky wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed his cheek against her stomach. “Sdelat’ luchsheye,” he whispered. “Granny Lucya used to say it all the time to me, remember?” He tilted his head back and Emma stared into his guileless eyes. “Do one’s best.” He pressed a kiss above the waistband of her jeans. “You always do your best, Mummy. You can’t do more than that.”
Emma kissed the top of his head, letting the words of her six-year-old soothe her ragged nerves. She only needed his approval, no one else’s. “Right then, mister. Story time!” She pushed a heavy intonation of fake enthusiasm into her voice to cover her confusion before following her son to his bedroom.
Emma woke much later to feel her jeans cutting into her waistband. Her feet smarted from beneath the plasters and she winced and rolled onto her back. Nicky snored next to her, the school library book forming a hard pillow beneath his head. Emma remembered nothing from after the third reading.
She sat up without disturbing him and slipped off her bra without removing her tee shirt. She stepped from the bed to extract herself from her jeans and discarded them on the floor. The central heating clicked as water trickled through the radiator, though a winter chill nipped at her ankles. She flicked off the bedside lamp and walked to the window to pull the curtains. Moonlight bathed the garden in a blue glow, shimmering on the roof of the glasshouse and casting eerie shadows. Emma reached up to grasp the fabric, shivering against the draught sneaking through the joints in the wooden window frames. She tugged and the curtain rings slid across the pole to cover half the window.
As she reached for the other curtain, a movement caught her eye and she leaned nearer the glass. Her breath created a fog and she moved sideways to avoid touching the cold pane. The dark shape of a man stepped onto the lawn and stretched. Emma jerked behind the curtain as the white outline of his face tipped in her direction.
“Rohan?” she breathed. “What are you doing?” She pressed a hand against her chest and shook her head. The fright reaction made her pull back but curiosity drove her to look again. The glowing hands of her watch showed one in the morning. The eerie silence of night shrouded the house, the only sound generated by the radiator’s gurgle and the settling of the floorboards. Emma peered from behind the curtain and searched for Farrell’s lithe shape, reasoning Rohan must have let him into the garden.
The man turned sideways and his movements looked wrong. No limp hindered his walk as he turned to saunter down the centre of the lawn and across the orchard. He avoided the noisy gravel path, skirting the greenhouse and disappearing into the shadows. Farrell gave a muted woof from the kitchen and Emma frowned.
Her lips parted to shout an alarm, but she clamped a hand over her mouth to prevent its escape. The man left no evidence he’d been there. With no proof, she’d leave herself open to Felicity’s ridicule. Emma listened for sounds from Rohan’s bedroom next door, recoiling at the thought of hearing Felicity. She gave herself a mental shake and waited for her quickened pulse rate to slow.
Considering her own cold bed, she turned back to the window and yanked the other curtain across the window. Then she climbed back into Nicky’s warm sheets and settled, falling asleep with his downy blond hair in her face.

Chapter 16
Rohan dressed in a crisp white shirt and suit pants the next morning, donning a smart matching jacket to complete the professional image. He treated Emma with forced politeness as he leaned against her bedroom door. “I’m catching the early train to London,” he said. “There’s a spare key on the counter in the kitchen, so lock up if I’m not home before you go to bed.”
Emma nodded and sat on the bed to examine her feet. Her tee shirt rode up over her bare thighs. “I thought you were going away for a few days. You wanted us to take care of Farrell, remember?”
Rohan ran a hand over his eyes. “Yeah. I have a job to complete first at my London office. I’m waiting for more information before I head north on this other contract.”
“North?” Emma pursed her lips to hide her smile. “How far north?”
“Mind your own business.” Rohan smirked. He jerked his head towards Emma’s feet. “Take the plasters off. Let the cuts dry.”
Nicky bounded up behind Rohan and pushed his head beneath his arm. “What cuts?” he demanded. “Where?”
“Nowhere.” Emma heaved in a breath and shook her head. She wondered when lying to her son became a daily occurrence.
“Do svidaniya.” Rohan turned his attention to Nicky, ruffling the boy’s hair beneath gentle fingers. “Be good.” He dropped his hand and turned to leave.
“Do svidaniya, vozlyublennaya.” Nicky’s reflexive reply made Rohan start. His hand remained frozen in mid-air. He stared at Nicky and his brow furrowed.
Emma kept still. Rohan’s gaze burned a hole in the side of her face. She busied herself with her sock, ignoring his advice as she pressed it over a fresh batch of plasters. “Put an apple in your lunchbox, Nick,” she ordered. “Let’s not upset the healthy snack brigade on your second day.”
“Okay.” Nicky dodged around Rohan, stopping to grab his fingers and press a kiss to his knuckles. “Bye Ro. See ya later.” He skipped along the landing and slithered down the wooden stairs in his socks.
“How does he know the Russian word for beloved?” Rohan stepped over the threshold and eased himself onto the bed next to Emma. He tutted as she fitted her second sock over her foot. It sagged at the ankle, the elastic long gone. He stretched a hand over hers to still the movement. “Do you ever take advice?” he whispered.
Emma shook her head and her damp hair bounced against his sleeve. “Not often.”
Rohan sighed and his arm slipped around her shoulders. His other hand cupped her cheek. “Always fighting,” he breathed. “Even when there is no enemy.”
Emma’s body refused to resist his embrace. She closed her eyes against the safety his presence induced. Rohan’s arms offered comfort but created a hazardous snare she’d already once escaped.
Rohan tilted her head back with the pressure of his fingers against her chin. His lips brushed hers in a soft caress that revealed more of himself than he intended. “Izvinite,” he whispered, but his apology sounded hollow. His fingers closed around her jaw. “How does your son know the Russian word for beloved?” His breath coasted across his ear as he repeated the question.
“Anton,” Emma lied, daring to voice his brother’s name in conjunction with her son. “Nicky picked up odd words.” She pushed Rohan aside and he released her as though she’d burned him.
His eyes narrowed to slits. “Anton didn’t speak Russian.”
“Didn’t he?” Emma turned aside to finish dressing. She hauled jeans over her underwear and fastened them, using the distraction to school her face into a blank mask. Rohan inhaled behind her and released the breath, impatience in the action.
“Whatever,” he said with a sigh. He cleared his throat and stood. “I’ll walk to the station and leave you the car. The keys are hanging in the hall cupboard. Try not to ding it! Oh, and if you need the computer, the password is neudachnik.”
A snort issued from the doorway. Nicky banged his library bag against his shins. “Loser! That’s funny.” He made an ‘L’ shape with his index finger and thumb and giggled. “Mummy, Uncle Ro’s password is loser!” He skipped to the top of the stairs, still giggling to himself.
Rohan rested his palm against Emma’s cheek. His fingers caressed the back of her neck. She closed her eyes against familiar, enticing sensations. He pressed his forehead against hers. “We’ll talk about this later.”
“About what?” Emma swallowed, his words like a dousing of freezing water.
“About what you’re hiding from me.” Rohan’s right hand snaked around her waist and his lips brushed against her neck. Her hands pressed against his firm chest and she closed her eyes. The secrets bubbled into her throat, ripe for spilling under the gentle kisses he placed along her jawline. Anton’s voice cried a warning in her head and she swallowed and forced her confession back into its box.
Emma shook off Rohan’s embrace and he released her. He turned without speaking and his footsteps moved along the hallway and down the stairs. Emma’s legs shook as she collapsed back onto the bed and closed her eyes. “What am I doing?” she hissed against the backdrop of Rohan leaving.
“Come on, Mum!” Nicky complained, clinking the dog’s lead at the bottom of the stairs. Farrell barked, his urgency matching the boy’s.
Emma stuffed her feet into her holey boots in the wide hallway, wincing at her painful soles. She half listened to Nicky’s bright chatter as he clasped the dog’s lead through the park, her mind elsewhere. Memories surged to the fore with every day she remained as Rohan’s houseguest. Images of her childhood, of Alanya and her damaged boys ran amok in her inner vision. Fear and a promise had led her to freedom. Desperation had brought her right back where she started.

Chapter 17
Emma feigned sleep when Rohan knocked on her bedroom door after midnight. She heaved a sigh of relief when he walked into his own room without forcing a response from her. He moved around with exaggerated quietness and she lay on her back and listened to his footsteps. Conflict budded in her chest. Proximity to Rohan forced her to admit she’d missed him in the intervening years, regretting how their fledgling marriage had ended. She rolled onto her stomach with a groan. The law still considered them married, despite their six-year estrangement.
Emma slipped from the bed, careful to avoid the squeaky floorboard near the door. Light footsteps carried her to the window and she drew back the curtain to allow the haze of the street lamp to flood the room. She lifted the lid of her battered suitcase, pushing her fingers beneath the jumble of clothing and reaching inside a slit in the lining. Paper crinkled under her fingers and she stroked it, knowing each fold and wrinkle in its surface. She didn’t remove it, smoothing the lining back over its hiding place and letting the clothing cover it.
Emma sat on the side of the bed and let her face drop into her hands. She’d considered ridding herself of the marriage certificate many times, unable to follow through at the optimum moment. It had remained hidden in the suitcase since her panicked flight from Alanya’s rage all those years ago.
Rohan had expressed his wish to talk to her and Emma winced against the interrogation hanging over her. “We shouldn’t have come here,” she whispered into the darkness. “It’s unleashed the very thing Anton dreaded.”
Emma slipped beneath the sheets and turned on her side. A ray of light from the street lamp created a diagonal yellow streak across her pillow and she dipped her fingers into the pool of colour. Sleep crept up on her with easy stealth and she woke an hour later with a tortured gasp. The yellow light flickered across her wrist as though to reassure her nothing had changed. Emma blew out a breath and rolled onto her back, running a shaking hand over her eyes. She’d dreamed of Alanya, a vivid, terrifying dream dredged up from the early days of living in Wales with Lucya. Emma drew her knees up to her chest and curled in on herself. She squeezed her eyes closed to dispel the image of Alanya holding out the mug of steaming green liquid for Nicky to drink. Emma’s fingers balled into fists as sweat dripped from her temple and dampened the pillow beneath her face. “We shouldn’t have come,” she whispered again.
A clap of thunder overhead shocked her. She jumped and counted the seconds between the growl from the sky and the first flash of lightning which lit up the bedroom. It gave context to her weird dreams and she relaxed enough to watch the natural fireworks unfold across the sky.
The storm sounded terrible, edging nearer with each flash until the thunder roared overhead. It rocked the house and lightning shone like a strobe every few seconds. Emma heard a muted woof from Farrell downstairs in the kitchen and then the pyrotechnics drowned out all other sights and sounds. Fear drove Emma to Nicky’s room for comfort. She convinced herself he might need her, but found him fast asleep sprawled across the double bed. The swollen black clouds disgorged a fearsome growl and the following bolt of lightning lit up her son’s bedroom and reflected off his sleeping face.
Emma sighed and pulled her threadbare cardigan tighter around her shoulders. She walked to the window and peered into the gloom as lightning floodlit the garden. Nicky grunted and turned away from the light, his tousled hair swishing across his pillow. Emma froze.
Her breath caught in her chest as her heart lurched into an unhealthy hammering. Adrenaline coursed through her blood until she could hear nothing but the sound of her own heartbeat echoing in her ears. A man stood in the garden looking up at the window. Tall and slender, he’d worn black to blend in with the night. Another flash of lightning back lit his silhouette and Emma gave a noisy swallow. The dog barked again, not at the storm but at the intruder.
Emma stepped back from the window and glanced at her son. This time, she knew what she’d seen. Nicky slept on, the innocence in his delicate features infusing Emma with fierce maternalism. She held her breath and watched the man turn. He left as the lightning show robbed him of the cover of darkness, pausing for a moment at the archway through to the tiny orchard. The rain began, hissing against the concrete flagstones and spattering the window. The man’s shoulders hunched and he raised a hood to cover his head. At the end of the garden he stopped, looked back up at the window. And straight at her.
Emma jumped. The hood put his face into shadow but she felt his gaze boring into her soul like a match held too close to the skin. Emma blinked and when she focussed again, she saw him striding away as though out for a stroll. Emma lost sight of him as he blended into the darkness near the greenhouse. She jumped as a thunderous groan tore the atmosphere apart. Farrell barked again as another flash of lightning lit up Rohan’s shiny Mercedes beneath the car port beyond the orchard.
Emma wavered, caught between wanting to raise the alarm and reasoning that the man had gone. Closing the curtains to keep Nicky undisturbed, she padded from the bedroom and knocked on Rohan’s door. It was his home. She should let him decide what to do about her two chance sightings of the intruder. Her mind flicked to the back handed warning issued by the strange private detective they’d encountered. He’d warned of another man also on Rohan’s trail, one skilful enough to have avoided notice.
Emma heard an odd sound from Rohan’s room. Recognising the choking whimper she ventured inside, forgetting until too late the risk of encountering Felicity. The polished floorboards made no sound beneath her bare feet. Open curtains displayed the impressive lightning flashes and Emma approached the lumpy shape beneath the sheets. A stunning bolt of white light leaped from the blackness and licked the earth, seeking to neutralise itself. A mighty growl followed it. Emma froze in wonder, her fingers hovering in mid-air above the jutting outline of a shoulder. The house shook again with the birth pains of the sky.
A squeak escaped her as a vice closed around her throat. Emma’s fingers clawed at it as her lungs screamed for air. Her body arced backwards, unable to cry out as strong fingers crushed her windpipe. From within the fog of her panic, she recognised the husky Russian swearwords. She stopped clawing at the hand around her throat and lashed out at the shape above her as a flash of lightning betrayed the outline of a head. Bone clattered beneath her knuckles and the impact ricocheted up her arm. The choke hold finished with an abruptness which left her sliding down the side of the bed and onto the floor.
“Shit!” Rohan’s voice contained a mixture of irritation and horror. The bedside light snapped on as Emma took rasping breaths and clutched her throat. In the intrusive yellow light, she saw Rohan’s face staring down at her, a line of blood dribbling from his left nostril. “Em! What the hell are you doing?” he demanded. He wiped his nose with his wrist and left a streak along his skin.
Emma coughed, unable to answer. “Em?” Rohan leaned further over the side of the bed and Emma flapped a hand to ward off his assistance. She expected him to leap from the bed gushing apologies, but he pushed himself against the pillows and observed her through eyes which watered over his bloody nose.
“Don’t get up,” she rasped, her tone filled with sarcasm. She pressed her palm against the rug to push herself upright and her fingers contacted a metal rod which rolled sideways and clanked against the leg of the bed. She quested for it, sensing the smooth surface and losing herself in temper. Her fingers closed around it and her vision blurred.
“Don’t you dare!” Rohan spoke through gritted teeth. He sat up in the bed, the sheets pooling around his flat stomach. He raised his arm in self-defence and the sight shocked Emma. She released the weapon and let it clang to the floorboards.
“You tried to throttle me!” Her voice sounded hoarse.
“Never creep up on a soldier!” Rohan bit. He leaned over the side of the mattress and hauled her up with strong hands under her armpits. His biceps flexed, fed by raised veins carrying blood and oxygen. Another lightning flash split the sky.
“Get off me!” Emma snapped. The backs of her thighs touched the mattress and she turned to slap Rohan. She missed and the blow landed empty against his defined pectorals. Her lack of coordination enraged her and she resorted to verbal abuse. “Svin’ya!” she taunted him. Pig!
Rohan snorted like one and his arms wrapped around her. Despite Emma’s tired protest, he pulled her across his chest. “Enough,” he whispered. “I’m sorry for frightening you.” He held her tight and stroked her cheek with the backs of his fingers. Emma relaxed against his warm chest and closed her eyes. Fear had sapped her remaining energy. A musky scent of orange and spice surrounded them and she allowed herself to bathe in its familiarity. Rohan sighed, his heartbeat thunderous against Emma’s ear. “What was so important?” he asked. His lips pressed a kiss to her forehead.
Emma sat up and edged away, the reason for her errand paling in significance against her terror of a moment ago. “I saw someone in the garden,” she said. Her fingers moved to her throat and she rubbed the sorest spot over her windpipe. “A man.”
“How?” Rohan leaned sideways and Emma blinked against the glow from the lamp. She turned aside to avoid staring at his naked torso, the red scar livid in the soft light. Rohan ran a hand through his blond hair. “The gates are locked. No one can get into the garden.”
Emma’s sense of injustice flared. “Are you calling me a liar?” A sneer laced her voice and her eyes widened. “You think I needed to play the role of a pathetic woman to get into your bedroom?” She rose, a mocking smile twisting her lips. “Have it your way, Rohan. I don’t know why I imagined you’d believe me this time. You never have.”
“Emma, don’t bring up the past.” Rohan’s head dipped back on his shoulders and he released a tired sigh. “We’ve lived a lifetime since then.”
“Whatever!” Emma snarled. “He looked right at me. The lightning lit him up and it’s not the first time I’ve seen him there.” A rumble of thunder moved overhead, competing with the end of Emma’s sentence. Sheets of rain pounded the window behind Rohan’s head.
Rohan rubbed his eyes. “Well, he’ll get wet, whoever he is and I’m not going out there now. But I promise to check as soon as it’s light.” He exhaled and reached for Emma’s waist. She experienced a rush of desire at the way his fingers stroked the gap between her pyjama top and flimsy mismatched bottoms. The retreating adrenaline left an unclaimed void which filled with confusing emotions. Rohan wiped the blood from his nose on his bicep, a regal dip of his head which smudged it across his cheek.
“Ro!” Emma whispered. Strain sounded in her voice, the insult of his disbelief diminished. She stepped close enough to cup his face in her hands. She ran her thumbs over his lips, feeling stubble beneath her soft pads. Images ran in her mind of his beard scratching against the tender skin of her neck. His warm body communicated its invitation, blurring the lines which separated them. Her brain reminded her of the marriage certificate hidden in the lining of her suitcase. It created an illusion that satiating their mutual need would hurt no one.
With a sigh, Emma dipped forward to kiss him. The bulb from the bedside lamp lit Rohan’s blue eyes, turning them into glittering diamonds. His pupils dilated and Emma drank in his scent. An electrical arc surrounded them in a shared desire.
Then something changed. Rohan’s face clouded and Emma tasted his fear. “No, Em.” He put his hand out and rested it against her shoulder. It felt as though she’d run into a brick wall. Rohan’s face closed, a shutter crashing down over his emotions and replacing it with an agonising numbness. Emma bit her lip, embarrassment flushing her cheeks.
“What did I do?” she whispered.
“Just go back to bed,” Rohan said, his tone cold. “Get some sleep. I’ll check the garden in the morning.”
Emma fled from him, closing the door against her humiliation. A muted flash lit up her room as the storm moved east. It highlighted her unmade bed, the sheets pulled back and the mattress cold and empty. She turned her back on it, refusing to accept her fate. Padding along the hallway to Nicky’s room, Emma snuggled in her son’s bed. The sleepy sigh escaping his rosebud lips comforted her. “You and me against the world,” she whispered, stroking his blond hair away from his forehead.
She turned on her side and muffled her tears against the pillow. Her momentary lapse in Rohan’s arms had unnerved her. It would have ended in guilt and recriminations and the spectre of Felicity rose like a sylph in the darkness. Emma closed her eyes and sought sleep, sensing it wouldn’t come. She listened to the waning storm as it drifted towards the coast and wished she could take Nicky and follow it. The bitter knot in her chest kept up its insistent ache and she fortified herself against it. She’d made a fool of herself and she wouldn’t let it happen again.

Chapter 18
Mrs Clarke’s raised eyebrow increased Emma’s embarrassment. Her chest felt tight and she hauled on the collar of her jacket.
“So, no one else can collect your son from school?” she repeated, scribbling a note in the margin of the register, next to Nicky’s name.
“No, nobody.” Emma stood like a wooden board, holding her body rigid and praying the dog wouldn’t lose his head in the classroom filled with exciting scents. Farrell sat by her foot, but his body bent sideways as he sniffed a stain on the carpet. “Just me. I don’t want anyone else taking him home.” She sighed and raised her eyes to the ceiling. Not even Rohan.
“That’s fine, Miss Harrington. We have lots of mothers in the same position. Please don’t feel awkward about it. We need to protect our children, don’t we?”
Emma nodded as the teacher’s kindness made her eyes fill with tears. “Yes,” she whispered. She cleared her throat. “Will the school secretary see that note?”
Mrs Clarke knitted her brows and took a step towards the doorway “Well, yes. But there are another four children in this class with the same note beside their names. It’s unlikely she’d notice. And besides, her employment contract prevents her discussing it with anyone outside the school.”
Emma gave a slow nod and studied Mrs Clarke’s face. What she saw in the teacher’s professional expression terrified her. She didn’t trust Felicity either. In the absence of their teacher, the children had brought themselves to class. They poured through the doorway in a gaggle of noise and enthusiasm. Emma took a step towards the teacher and leaned closer, wanting to make her point without an audience. “No one is allowed to talk to the children at playtimes, are they?” she whispered.
Mrs Clarke shook her head with a definite, confident movement. “From outside the school? Absolutely not. The smaller children stay in the courtyard. Only the juniors go into the ball courts and a teacher supervises them at all times.” Her eyes widened. “Is there someone we need to be particularly aware of?”
Emma gulped. Her accusation would seem slanderous if she said it out loud. Only Anton ever believed her theory about her father’s mysterious death. Only Anton knew what Alanya had tried to do to her. Emma took a step back at the realisation that Nicky had edged close enough to listen. “I just don’t want strangers having access to my son,” she said, her voice sounding stern. “Sorry,” she added.
“It’s fine.” Mrs Clarke clapped her hands to call her class to order. She gave Emma a smile as an obedient hush fell over the children.
“Thank you,” Emma said. She planted a kiss on the top of Nicky’s head and left, her heart hammering an unhealthy beat in her chest.
She spent the day scouring the local town for jobs advertised in the shop windows. It seemed inevitable that her previous employer would give her a terrible reference and scupper the role at Nicky’s school. A charity shop manager sounded interested in a cashier, but on a voluntary basis. Emma apologised for the hundredth time for her poverty and the need for paid work. A dress shop turned her down flat as she had no retail experience and a cafe said they’d get back to her.
Emma pasted a smile on her face in time to greet her son as he bounced through the blue door at home time. “Where’s Farrell?” he demanded.
“At home.” Emma dodged sideways as Nicky tried to dump his library bag in her hand. “Carry your own stuff, Nick. I’m not your maid.”
He laughed and ran ahead to talk to Mo. At the end of the park he tripped over the bag strap and slid along the pavement on his chin. Emma dusted him down and wished she’d just carried the bag in the first place. Their journey home consisted of tears and commiserations. Emma’s sense of desperation increased to hover over her head like a black haze.
“Uncle Ro is home.” Nicky wiped his nose on his sleeve and kicked off his shoes in the foyer. He burst into the lighted dining room to show Rohan his grazed chin. Emma removed her boots and examined the growing hole between the sole and the seam of the upper. She shook her head and wondered if she’d ever get control over her life.
“We’re planning the slingshot!” Nicky informed her. His blue eyes sparkled and his inherited blond hair glowed white beneath the pendant light.
“Fantastic,” Emma replied. Tiredness dogged her bones and failure nipped at the edges of her ability to function. “Get out of your school clothes and I’ll sponge the knees of your trousers for tomorrow.” As Nicky thundered upstairs, she sagged onto the sofa in the kitchen and smiled at the dog who came to sit at her feet. “Any suggestions for dinner, Farrell?” she whispered, fondling his soft ear in her fingers. He blinked in reply and Emma sighed. “Soup in a cup then.”
She boiled the kettle and poured granules from the last crumpled wrapper into a mug. Nicky’s footsteps pounded back down the stairs and pattered into the dining room. A teaspoon stirred the bits of tomato and vegetables into a soup like texture and Emma took it to her son.
“Yummy. My favourite.” Nicky gave her a beatific smile and Emma’s heart clenched in her chest.
Rohan waited for the screen to darken on his laptop before closing the lid. He stared at the soup with his blond eyebrows knitted into a line. “Why are you eating old food from the back of the cupboard?” He directed his question to Emma.
She inhaled and forced her shoulders away from her ears. “It was the first thing I came up with,” she lied. “I’ll sort something out tomorrow.” She plastered a fake smile on her face and tried not to think too far ahead of herself.
Rohan’s eyes narrowed and he leaned over Nicky’s head as the boy dipped to sniff his soup. “I’ll give you money for food,” he said, his voice so low it forced Emma to read his lips.
She squirmed beneath his scrutiny. “No need.” She gave a haughty toss of her head.
Nicky took a sip from the teaspoon and jerked at the heat. “Ouch,” he hissed. “I’ll do my plan first.” He snuggled closer to Rohan on the dining chair. His left buttock hung over the seat as he snatched up a waiting pencil. “What do I do first?” he demanded. The pencil banged against his cheek as he lifted it into the air. “I know. Name and date. Like at school.”
“Good idea.” Rohan smirked and watched as Nicky pulled a sheet of clean paper towards him. The boy held the pencil tight in his left hand. He paused for a moment before writing a capital letter and then switching hands. Emma held her breath as Rohan’s eyebrow rose in interest.
“How was work?” Emma couldn’t bear the tension and sought to break it with an inane discussion. She didn’t understand Rohan’s job and as he turned his attention towards her, realised she didn’t really care. Last night’s awkwardness hung over her like a curtain of barbed wire.
“Good. Thank you.” He pointed an index finger at the laptop. “I stayed here and worked online.”
Emma nodded and left the room, desperate to escape his scrutiny. She sat in the kitchen and stroked the dog as the clock hands moved around its oval face. Darkness spread across the room, casting long shadows and drawing her thoughts back to the man in the garden. “Who is he?” Emma whispered to the dog. “And why don’t you bark at him?”
“Mummy, why are there other letters in my name?” Nicky appeared in the doorway, a pencil in his hand.
“I thought you were planning a slingshot.” Emma frowned. “You need to learn your spellings before bedtime.”
“Yeah, but I wanna know about my name.” Nicky pouted, balancing on one leg and clinging to the door frame.
A wave of horror shot from Emma’s brain and reached her feet at dizzying speed. She rose in a jerky movement.
Nicky scampered back to the dining room and launched himself back into his chair. Emma followed, holding her breath and wondering how to head the precocious child off in a different direction. She sensed Rohan’s interest piquing. “Don’t mess around, Nicky. Rohan might like to help you with your spellings.”
“Yes, but you call me Nicky, which is my short name. It has a curly ker in it and a yer, but they aren’t in my proper name. So how did they get in there?” He studied Emma with a seriousness beyond his years.
Emma fought to remain standing. She didn’t want to do this now and definitely not in front of Rohan. It dawned on her that her son had never seen his full name. She’d never used it, wanting only to forget the misery of his origins and start again. But Lucya had insisted. Her brain grappled for reasons and excuses and more reasons, turning over stones and coming up empty. “It’s your calling name. A nickname, I guess.”
She swallowed and her eyes pleaded with her son as he observed her. He tapped the end of the pencil against his lower lip. Emma’s blood felt as though it froze in her veins as he lowered the pencil to point at the name he’d written on the paper. Large, uneven letters showed he’d written Nicky. Emma tried to inhale and it hurt as she restarted her breathing. Relief gave her an adrenaline rush.
“But the letters aren’t the same,” Nicky persisted. “Not like in Mrs Clarke’s register. My new friend is called Mohammed and his short name is M-o, so he can fit his names together. One inside the other.” His brow wrinkled in concentration. “Mine don’t fit.”
“You don’t have time for this now, Nicky,” Emma tried to support herself on trembling knees which threatened to drop her on the floorboards. “Get rid of the extra letters if you don’t want them there. I don’t care.”
Her son placed a skinny finger over the offending two letters of his name and pulled a face. “No! It looks funny. I want it to fit inside the other name.”
“It’s not important right at this minute.” Emma heard the strain in her voice and saw Nicky frown.
He pushed his paper towards her, defiance sparkling in his blue irises. “Write my other name then. Do it here.” He dropped the pencil on top of the paper and it rolled without Emma reaching for it.
“Not now.” Emma turned her wooden body back towards the door.
“Please, do it, Mum! I saw it on the register. Mrs Clarke read it out by mistake and all the other children laughed. I’ve got four names and they only have three. And why is my last name different on the register too? What if the school burns down and the firemen don’t know to shout for Nicky Harrington and shout for...”
“Nicky!” Emma’s voice cut across his. “Stop prevaricating. It’s nearly bedtime. Hurry up with the plan and start learning your spellings, please.”
Nicky postured. “But I want you to write it.”
“Not on your plan.” Emma’s voice sounded brittle.
“Fine! I’ll get some other paper then.” A whine entered his voice. He slipped off the chair and pattered into the hallway. Emma heard the Velcro on his library bag make its distinctive ripping noise as Nicky pulled it open. She remained fixed in place, Rohan’s eyes narrowed and boring holes into her cheek.
“Here you go.” The paper fluttered from Nicky’s hand onto the table in front of Emma and he leaned across her to retrieve the pencil.
“Nicky! I said later. I need to sort some other things out now.”
The child pouted. “Sorry Mummy. You’re a fast writer. Do it now.”
Emma steeled herself, turning her body to block Rohan’s view of the paper. She scribbled Nicky’s full name onto the rumpled sheet and pushed it against the boy’s chest. “Here. Now get ready for bed.”
Nicky peered at the paper and formed the letters silently with his rosebud lips. Emma glanced at Rohan and saw him remove his reading glasses and lay them on the table. He rubbed his eyes and fixed his gaze on the child. He looked intrigued and Emma controlled her breathing, knowing she was the problem. Nicky’s antics were vaguely entertaining, but Emma’s reaction caused Rohan’s antenna for trouble to perk up with curiosity.
“Bed, Nicky!” she hissed.
“Okay. But can I do my spellings upstairs? My teacher said she’ll sell us down the market if we don’t learn them.” Nicky rolled his blue eyes and postured, drawing a sigh from Emma.
“Fine. Hurry up.”
The boy gathered his pencil crayons and books together, hefting them under his arm with a grunt. “Oh, I got that book you like out of the library, Mummy. I know you love reading it.”
“Cool, thanks. What’s one more time on top of four hundred and fifty?” Emma turned to follow him, feeling her legs wobble beneath her. With the crisis averted, adrenaline withdrew from her blood and took her energy with it. “Hop upstairs and I’ll come now.”
She walked towards the door without looking back at Rohan. As Nicky skipped from the room, the paper slithered from his arms and he stopped so quickly, Emma nearly ran up the back of him.
“Oops!”
“Leave it, Nicky. I’ll get it. Please stop fluffing around and delaying. You’ll run out of time for a story.”
“Fine!” He humphed, comical with his arms full of books and paper. “It doesn’t matter. You can put it in the rubbish. I like Nicky best anyway. Mo says it’s a cool name.”
“Okay. Now go!” Emma sighed as Nicky cascaded colouring pencils from his arms, oblivious as he skipped into the hallway and up the stairs. She bent, retrieving a blue crayon and a green one before lurching for an orange one near the skirting board.
Emma heard the scrape of Rohan’s chair legs on the floor and dropped all three crayons in her attempt to snatch up the fallen paper before he reached it. In the fracas, she banged the dining room door shut with her bottom. “Leave it!” she snapped.
Rohan grabbed the paper and lifted it above his head, his tall body and long arms easily defeating Emma. She jumped up and down on the spot with her hand outstretched, banging chin against his chest. As Rohan brought the paper lower to read Emma’s writing, she fought with dirty tactics and covered his eyes with her hands. “Stop being an idiot!” she complained. “Just give it here. I need to get upstairs before Nicky floods the bathroom.”
Rohan laughed and jabbed Emma in the ribs on the ticklish spot he knew so well. She squeaked and covered her mouth with her hand. “What’s the big deal?” he chuckled, sensing the anxiety coming off her in waves. Emma realised her mistake and tried to cover his eyes again.
“Please Ro, just give it to me,” she begged, her voice growing hoarse.
“Okay.” He lowered the paper and gave it to Emma. She withdrew her hand from his eyes.
“Thanks.” She snatched it and balled it into her fist. Her neck sported a livid red flush born of nervousness. “I’ll put Nicky to bed. She bent to retrieve the pencils and scurried into the hallway. At the dog-leg on the stairs, Emma looked down and saw Rohan standing where she left him.
He’d bowed his head, his blond fringe hanging over his eyes. His hands were stuffed deep into his pockets and he looked lost. Emma felt a wave of sadness at her own cruelty. He deserved better.
She moved along the hallway and intercepted her naked son at his bedroom door. “How come you’re not dressed yet?” she demanded.
He gave her a coy grin. “Just doin’ a surprise.” He beamed.
“Yeah? That’s nice. Now get that bare bum in the bathroom or I might just surprise it with a slap,” Emma joked, using fake joviality to ground herself.
While Nicky splashed around in the shower in a pretence at washing for bed, Emma tore the offending paper into small pieces and flushed it down the toilet. “Coming here was a big mistake,” she whispered to herself as the torn pieces swirled away. “Thank goodness our time’s nearly up.” She bit her lip and knew she didn’t mean it.
Nicky looked cute in the huge bed as Emma pulled the sheets over his shoulders. “Why did you soak your hair?” she asked him, tucking the buoyant curls behind his ear and smoothing them back from his damp forehead. “You managed to shower last night without getting it wet at all.”
“It’s annoying me now. I don’t want curls. I want Uncle Ro to take me to the barber shop and get it snipped.”
“I’ll cut it,” Emma volunteered but the child shook his head.
“No. I want boy-time with Uncle Ro.”
Emma snorted. “Boy-time? Have you been reading women’s magazines?”
“No!” Nicky pouted. “Sid at school has boy-time wiv his dad every Friday and the girls do nails and stuff. Can you ask him for me, please?”
“Look Nicky,” Emma rested her cheek on the pillow next to his. “We’re just staying here for a little while to help Uncle Ro out with Farrell. We won’t be here long enough to establish boy-times.”
“But I luff ‘im.” The small boy’s vibrant blue eyes lost their mischief and filled with the sheen of tears.
“That’s awesome, mate. But we have our own life and he has his. We can’t push into his too much or he’ll get fed up of us.”
“Okay, Mummy. Please will you help me wiv my spellings and then read the story?” Nicky capitulated but he didn’t lose the look of determination in his eyes. Emma recognised the temporary truce and accepted it.
Emma smiled and kissed her son, settling down into the bed with him. They made songs out of the spellings so Nicky could remember them for his test the next day. They sniggered at the ridiculousness of the sentences they made up to include the random root words. Then Emma read the story picture book, performing all the voices for the familiar characters, including a Scottish pirate and a Russian teddy bear. When she finished the story, Nicky’s eyelids drooped and his lips gripped his tiny thumb between them. In his other hand he clutched a threadbare blue teddy. Emma hunted for his favourite Action Man before she turned off the light. Unable to find it, she hoped he didn’t wake the house searching for it in the night.
Stepping into the hallway, she almost fell over Rohan’s legs. “Bloody hell!” she hissed, saving herself at the last moment. “What are you doing?”
“Just listening to you being a great mother,” he said, keeping his voice low. He held his hands out, asking without words for her to pull him up. Emma bridled but did it anyway, almost overbalancing as she supported his weight. Rohan used the action to pull her close, his hands in the small of her back. His gaze held hers, his face serious. “I need to talk to you,” he whispered.
Emma shoved at his firm chest until he released her. The subterfuge from earlier rose up to bite her. “Can we do this tomorrow?” she demanded. “I’m tired and I still need to sew name tags into Nicky’s school clothes.”
“Get them. I’ll help you,” Rohan offered.
Emma snorted. “Rohan Andreyev will deign to sew name tags into my son’s sports kit?”
Rohan cocked an eyebrow at her. “You think the army didn’t teach me to sew my own equipment?”
Emma shrugged. She wanted to refuse, but it would make her excuse appear weaker. She gritted her teeth. “You can help with the sewing. But I don’t want to talk about serious stuff, so please don’t start.”
She stalked to her bedroom to fetch Nicky’s clothes and the packet of labels. The plastic bag looked tattered, the labels inside joined like spaghetti. She pulled one out and fingered it, grateful they’d been in her suitcase when she packed to come south.
Rohan met her in the hallway, jerking his head towards his bedroom. He stepped through the doorway and she followed with hesitant footsteps.
A blank canvas of grey, white and black decorated the room. Emma swallowed at the stark masculinity. The stylish, heavy furniture gave the illusion of opulence contained.
“We can sit together and share the cotton and the labels,” Rohan said. The mattress dipped beneath him and he leaned back against a pillow. He bent his knee but kept one leg on the floor. He held his hand out and Emma stared at it in confusion. “Cotton and a needle.” His eyes creased with amusement.
Emma settled next to him and pushed her spine against the pillows. Her body refused to relax. She pushed her tiny sewing kit towards Rohan and watched him thread the needle, fascinated with the concentration on his chiselled face. He seized a pair of sports shorts and a label, marrying the two on the elasticated waistband.
“No, not there,” Emma said, placing a restraining hand over Rohan’s. She felt him shiver at her touch. “It’s too stretchy on the waistband. The first time he puts them on, all the stitching will pop. Put it on the seam or the bottom of the leg. He’ll know where to look for it.”
Rohan turned the shorts inside out and started stitching. Emma raised an eyebrow in surprise at the neat stitches. Then she picked up a sock and threaded her own needle.
“Do you do this every time he moves schools?” Rohan asked, jerking his head towards her fast moving fingers.
“We only moved once.” Emma gave a tight little movement of her lips, sensing an accusation in his question. “From Aberystwyth to Lincolnshire.” At the thought of returning to the dilapidated council house at the mercy of Fat Brian and Co, she bit her lip.
She tried to change the subject. “Did you achieve what you wanted with your work today?”
“No.” Rohan sighed. “I need to talk to you about this.” Rohan stopped sewing and reached sideways, producing a scrappy piece of paper from his bedside cupboard. He handed it to Emma and waited for her to digest its contents.
The sock dropped from her fingers, her sewing forgotten. She fixed her hand over her mouth as a wave of sickness pushed into her throat and stole her breath. The bed shuddered as she swung her legs over the side and thudded her feet to the floor.
“Stop!” Rohan retrieved the fleeing needle, stabbing it into the uppermost sock. He still managed to grab Emma one handed around the waist before she gathered herself enough to run.
“Let go of me!” she hissed, desperation leaking from her voice.
“No!” Rohan dragged her backwards onto the bed, hauling her until she lay with her head against his shoulder. “Stop running from me, Em. Do you hate me that much? What did you think I’d do?”
Emma felt like a fool as tears spilled over her lower lids. Rohan’s flushed cheeks made his blue eyes glitter. His biceps bulged as they strained against his work shirt and he folded her into his chest.
“Why do you always have to run?” Rohan’s voice sounded soft, soothing and full of sadness. Emma couldn’t bring herself to answer. “Don’t feel angry with your syn, Emma. He means nothing by it,” he said. “The letter is just his way of connecting with me.”
Emma groaned heavily from behind her hands. “But don’t you understand what it means? He’s saying I’m not enough for him.”
Rohan released his arm from around her and Emma shivered at the chill rushing to fill the space. She blinked as he lifted her chin with his forefinger. “You can’t think like that, vozlyublennaya. You’re an amazing mother; I’ve seen you with him. I listened to you reading the story tonight. It humbled me.”
“If I’m so amazing, why is he writing things like that to you?” She sniffed, fighting back tears of disappointment and guilt. “Until recently, you were a stranger to him. Is he doing this without my knowledge to every guy he meets? That’s dangerous!” Emma pushed herself upright, kneeling on the bed with her legs touching Rohan’s thigh. “It’s also really sad.” She reached for the letter, casting an agonised gaze over it again. ‘Wil you b my daddy?’ She flapped the paper, channelling a heady mix of emotions through her dark eyes.
Rohan wrenched the paper from her hand, leaving Emma holding a tiny corner of it. “He’ll hear you!” he chastised her. He looked at the childish scrawl again and bit his lip. He gave a shrug of defiance. “What’s so bad about this?”
“Where do I start?” Emma rolled her eyes, the teenage girl not so far below the surface after all. “He doesn’t know you well enough to ask something like that. It makes him vulnerable. I don’t want him getting attached to you because it will make it harder for us to leave. And...” Emma rubbed her eyes feeling exhausted.
“And what else?” Rohan reached out and pulled her hand away from her face. He kept hold of her wrist. “What is your final reason?”
Emma shrugged. “He spelled things wrong. Look, he’s only put one ‘L’ in will.” She lurched for the paper but Rohan kept it away from her, holding it over the side of his bed.
“That’s not your real objection.” He shook his head. “Emma, he’s my son. I feel it in my chest every time I look at him and I sense he does too. It hurts...” Rohan raised his eyes to the ceiling and then closed them. “I dread to think what it does to his little heart.”
He opened sparkling blue eyes and fixed them on Emma’s flaming cheeks. He squinted as he read the letter in a gentle tone. ‘Deer Ro. Pleez wil you b my daddy??? Can we do fings togevver? Can you tak me for hare snips like yors??? Love Nikolai xxx’
Emma refused to look at Rohan as he repeated Nicky’s words. She kept her eyes closed and her jaw clenched to keep her silence. Her whole body stiffened and the expression on Rohan’s face condemned her. “We should leave,” she said, her voice wooden. Rohan’s grip on her wrist tightened.
“Nikolai? That explains your ridiculous drama downstairs. But you should know Em, I worked it out the second I saw you together at Fred’s wedding. It’s more than biology, Em. His spirit called to me and I just knew. Nikolai. Anton’s son would carry his middle name, Stepanovich. He would never use mine. Please can we drop this pretence and work it out for our syn?”
Emma gulped. “No, I can’t do this.”
Rohan flexed his fingers on her wrist and the motion shook her arm. “Don’t make me threaten you with lawyers. You might not love me anymore, but I want a relationship with my syn. I’ve missed so much already, Em. I want to make it up to him.”
Emma shook her head again. “I’m going home. Please leave us alone?” Her eyes begged as she turned them on him, the fear so prevalent it stole Rohan’s breath.
“Em, what the hell’s wrong? What did I do?”
“You know! You always knew!” Emma exploded. She tried to jerk away but Rohan clasped her round the waist again. “Please, Ro, just let us go.”
“Not until you tell me what I did wrong.” Bemusement and frustration creased Rohan’s face as he grappled with Emma. She ended up beneath him. Her foot contacted Rohan’s right shin and her toes bent back against the uncompromising hardness of the bone. Pain made her vicious and Rohan roared as she brought up her knee to connect with his groin. Curling into a ball, he released her. He groaned and drew his knees up to his chest.
Emma felt a stab of guilt as she backed away, hearing him hiss curse words in a bilingual mix of English and Russian. He wiped at his watering eyes and sat up. His plea reached Emma as she grasped the door handle. “Please, Emma. Tell me why?”
Emma turned the handle and pulled the door. It opened with a low creak. A glance at Rohan found him sitting with his legs over the side of the bed. He looked shaken and defeated. Emma paused, sensing he wouldn’t come after her. She licked her lips and took a steadying breath. “Your mother murdered my father.”
Rohan released a sigh and his head shook from side to side. “You say that with no evidence, Emma. You’re as bad as Anton.”
She rested her forehead against the door frame. Her shoulders slumped. “I know she killed him, Rohan. I’ve always known and yes, Anton believed me. Alanya discovered my pregnancy in the fifth month. She found a doctor willing to give me an illegal abortion without asking questions.”
Rohan’s jaw dropped and his eyes widened in horror. Emma bit her lip and readied herself for his dismissal. It didn’t come. “She locked me in my room and went to the bank for cash to pay him. Anton arrived home unexpectedly. He’d developed Glandular Fever and returned from university. He let me out of the room and helped me to pack a bag. Then he drove for five hours, so unwell he could hardly stay awake at the wheel.” The sob caught in Emma’s throat and she stepped into the hallway. A cool draught nipped at her ankles. The finger she pointed at Rohan shook. “Your mother tried to kill my baby. Anton knew what she was, but you always refused to see. You won’t be able to stop yourself telling her and she’ll come for Nicky. She can’t help herself. First thing tomorrow, we’re leaving and you’re not stopping us.”
Emma slipped into Nicky’s bedroom and closed the door behind her. She dragged his suitcase across and pushed it against the handle.
“Mummy, what was that noise?” Nicky sat up in bed, his eyes glinting in the faint light showing through his open curtains.
“You had a bad dream,” Emma lied. “Lay down and I’ll cuddle you.” She pulled the curtains closed, stripped to her tee shirt and underwear, and climbed into bed with him. His soft warm body snuggled against her. Emma released a ragged breath and sniffed her child’s downy hair, letting his familiar scent ground her. They couldn’t stay here, not now.
Emma cried without sound as her tears soaked the pillow beneath her head. Growing too hot, Nicky turned away and slept as Emma battled her memories.
Anton had almost killed them, dozing at the wheel in his fever. Emma remembered his reddened eyes and shivering body. He’d slumped in the driver’s seat as he navigated the narrow, breakneck Welsh mountain roads, sicker than she’d ever seen him. ‘She’ll kill me,’ he’d repeated. ‘Don’t tell her I helped you.’
Emma had screamed as he veered across the road.
‘Does she know it’s Rohan’s baby?’
‘No! No, she doesn’t!’
‘Then Rohan can’t know either, Emma. You can’t tell him. He doesn’t know what I know. She poisoned my father, Em. We know she killed yours. Stay away from her, promise me? Do you promise, Em?’
Emma had nodded, overwhelmed by fear and sadness. Anton had turned in his seat, his eyes wild and staring. ‘That means you have to stay away from him. Do you understand? You can never see Rohan again. Never.’’

Chapter 19
Emma woke before Nicky. Darkness still shrouded the house. She crept from her son’s bed, cursing the creaking floorboards as she hauled the suitcase from in front of the door. Cool air kissed her bare legs in the hallway and she released a gasp of fear as her outstretched hands contacted something solid.
“Sorry, sorry.” Rohan caught her as she stepped away from him. His palms warmed her shoulders.
“Leave me alone!” she hissed. She stalked to her bedroom and shoved the door closed behind her. The sound of his footsteps tracking downstairs made it safe to use the bathroom. But when she returned, she found Rohan sitting on her bed in his pyjama bottoms and socks. His head hung so his chin touched his chest. Inky shadows marred the skin beneath his eyes.
“Oh, sod off, Rohan!” Emma bit, tiredness making her spiteful. A sleeping bag lay on the hall floor, a khaki swathe of squashy material. She stepped over it and her brows knitted into a frown. “Did you sleep on the floor outside Nicky’s bedroom?” Her tone held surprise.
Rohan shrugged. “I finished the name tags.”
“And you laid there all night to tell me that?”
Rohan narrowed his eyes and released a sigh. He squeezed the bridge of his nose and ignored her question. Emma tried to dismiss how adorable he looked, his chest bare and his blond hair tousled. “I’m glad you didn’t leave in the night.”
Her eyes flashed as he ignited her anger. She rounded on him, straining to keep her voice below a shout. “That’s all you got from our conversation last night? I swear you didn’t listen to a word I said. Your mother is dangerous. She found a creep to give me an illegal abortion. I’ve spent six years keeping my son away from her!”
“Please don’t leave.” Rohan stood and Emma noticed his difficulty with the action. When he took a step forward, he winced. Emma saw the hall light reflected in his eyes. It back lit an agony of wordless pleading. She swallowed and her gaze flicked to his chest, his emotional pain too raw for her to process. Myriad scars covered his tanned torso, war wounds of varying length and ugliness. Emma blinked and forced herself to study a black icon inked across his shoulder. She recognised the unusual depiction of three cross beams. It called to her, reminding her of its smoothness beneath the soft pad of her index finger.
Her hand lifted and she pointed at the tattoo. “I remember you getting that,” she whispered. “A Russian Orthodox cross.”
Rohan clasped her fingers in his. “Please don’t take Nicky away from me, Em. I don’t want to lose either of you. Not again.”
Emma exhaled in frustration. Her body trembled against the icy breath of the winter morning. The central heating kicked in, pumping hot water through radiators which responded with echoing clanks and gurgles. “What time is it?” she demanded. Her brain began planning the steps required to travel back to Lincoln. After making appropriate excuses to her distraught son.
“Five,” Rohan answered. The mechanical timetable of the house negated his need to check the sports watch on his wrist. He reached out and touched her shoulder. “Get into bed for a minute. You’re freezing.”
Emma looked behind him at the soft pillows and duvet. Her body betrayed her by replying with a shudder. She climbed beneath the covers, realising her mistake when Rohan slid in next to her. But he didn’t touch her. Her heart ached with an internal agony she no longer understood.
“Talk to me?” Rohan turned on his side to face her. He leaned up on his elbow, the yellow street lamps speckling his blonde hair with an ethereal haze. “I’ll promise to say nothing. Just listen.”
Emma released a sarcastic scoff and her features assumed a mask of bitterness. “Really, Ro? You’ve never listened to anyone in your life. That was the problem between us. It’s the reason my life is a complete mess. Because you wouldn’t listen.” She lay still in the darkness, her muscles trembling from a mixture of the chill in the air and the internal rage radiating from her chest.
Rohan ran his hands through his hair in a stress tell which brought back painful memories from their past. And bitter sweet ones from Emma’s present as she recognised one of her son’s endearing traits. The inner pain squeezed its fingers around her heart and she fought the urge to gasp out loud.
“Please?” Rohan pleaded. “I will listen.”
Emma waited a few minutes, using the silence to order her thoughts. Memories surfaced but time had lessened their sting. The realisation surprised her and she pursed her lips. The mattress shifted as Rohan tensed at her first strained whispers. “I described the man your mother arranged for me to see. Anton knew him. He called him a ‘Ukrainian butcher’ who performed back street surgeries to order. Anton drove me to Aberystwyth, to the home of Lucya.” Emma paused, waiting for some sign of recognition but Rohan remained silent. She exhaled. “Lucya Andreyev was your grandmother.” Still nothing. “I lived with Lucya and gave birth to Nicky during my first term in sixth form. She helped me to raise him despite having very little to share with us. Anton visited often. He smuggled what I needed from Alanya’s house and enabled me to start again. My birth certificate let me register at the local high school and my father and mother’s death certificates created independence from parental interference. Lucya attended my parents’ evenings and university graduation. She adored Nicky and taught him Russian. We had everything we needed for a while.”
Rohan’s cough sounded loud in the darkness. Emma paused. “Are you okay?”
Rohan cleared his throat and his voice sounded scratchy. “Did Anton attend your graduation?”
Emma took a slow inhale and released the air. Her lungs ached with a curious tightness. She’d promised full disclosure. “Yes. He did.”
Rohan made no sound, but his hair swished against the soft fabric of the pillow as he moved. The strains of silent distress filled the air with its heaviness. Emma waited. When Rohan made no comment, she continued, emboldened by his commitment to his promise. “I could see how much Anton’s visits cost him. I suspect he hated lying to you, though he refused to give me news of where you were or what you were doing. He promised he’d tell me everything once we had justice. He drove me to the local police station on his last visit to Aberystwyth. I couldn’t believe it when he asked them to investigate Alanya. A detective treated us with kindness and took our statements. But we had no evidence. We each had a dead father and a million stories from living under her care. They said it wasn’t enough to investigate.”
Rohan released a long breath. With a great effort, he managed to stop it sounding like a sigh. Emma tensed, the momentary truce between them waning. She ground her teeth together and her words emerged as though wrenched from her tongue. “There was something else. Anton sent me from the room while he spoke to the detective. I waited in the reception and watched when they emerged. The policeman squeezed Anton’s shoulder and I heard him say, “I’m sorry for your loss.” Anton refused to repeat what he’d told the man, but I’ve often wondered. He made me promise again to stay away from you and from Alanya. I’d lived in Wales for four years and never once tried to return. I grew irritated and we argued.” Emma closed her eyes against the lightening of the dawn above the silhouette of the street. “There was another death, Rohan. I think she killed a child.”
Emma raised herself up on one elbow, matching Rohan’s stance. She tried to read his expression through the gloom and failed. Falling back against the pillow, she released a sigh. “What else do you want to know?”
Rohan swallowed. “Tell me about Lucya. How did she die?” His tone sounded formal, but Emma heard the sadness beneath the clipped words. She relented.
“I received a call at work from Nicky’s playschool to let me know that Lucya hadn’t arrived to collect him.” Emma stopped and gulped. “After working at a local cafe for a few months after graduation, I’d just got this awesome job at the National Library of Wales. In their archives department. I loved it.” She sniffed and tamped down the overwhelming sense of injustice. Her tone grew harder and more controlled. “I collected Nicky and left him in the car. Lucya lay in the hallway in her shoes and coat with her handbag still over her arm.” Emma bit on her lip and fitted the key back into the secret compartment of her mind where she kept her worst memories. “She looked so peaceful. I found Nicky’s favourite cookies on a plate in the kitchen where she’d got them ready for him.” Emma’s teeth clenched. “She died alone. She didn’t deserve that, not after everything she did for me.”
Emma’s hands shook and she bit her lip hard enough to taste blood. The fingers of her right hand jerked as Rohan’s warm hand covered them. “It’s not your fault,” he whispered. His accent sounded stronger as his words sprinkled comfort over her grief. “You can’t hold yourself responsible, net dorogoy.”
“I should have been there for her. Anton left after the visit to the police station and the next day an eviction notice arrived in the post from the council. Lucya’s death ended her lease at the house. They gave us a month to leave and already had another family waiting to move in on our heels. I panicked. There were so many options available to me and I just couldn’t see them. I phoned Anton and he drove back and collected us. He rented a cottage outside Lincoln for a few weeks to give me time to grieve. He had all these big plans for us to live as a family, but I felt he’d done enough to help already. I answered an advert for an archivist’s job at the school on the estate and secured my own council house.” Emma bit her lip. “Anton went crazy when he saw the house and the estate. He hated Fat Brian on sight.” She snuffed out a sad breath. “I suspect he paid people on the estate to make sure Nicky and I got no trouble. We did okay and he visited every couple of months. I couldn’t accept his money, Rohan. It didn’t seem fair. I created this whole big mess all by myself. I should fix it.”
The sheets rustled next to her as Rohan digested his thoughts. He sighed. “Is that what you think, Emma? You think you made Nicky alone and must suffer the consequences by yourself?” Emma held her breath but Rohan continued, his tone sad. “I wrote you so many letters from Afghanistan. All my hopes and dreams were written down on paper, the married quarter I organised for us and the plans I had. I thought you shared them, but you never replied. Then I was blown to pieces and still nothing. The army said they couldn’t find you. But my mama came instead. She said you’d run away with some durak from school.” He exhaled. “Worrying about it hindered my recovery. I needed to rehabilitate and forge a life for myself from the rubble.” His voice sounded laden with misery. “That is what I’ve done.”
Emma chewed on her lower lip. “Anton brought no letters on his visits. Do you think your mother intercepted them?” She released a gasp of terror. “If she knows we got married, she’ll guess that Nicky’s your ...” The words caught in her throat. She squeezed her eyes closed and hoped Rohan hadn’t noticed her blunder.
His snort ruined the illusion. “Finally,” he said with a sigh. “You admit it.”
Emma tutted. “Rohan, please. We still need to leave. Don’t make this any harder.”
Rohan’s arm fixed across Emma’s stomach, the sinews tensing against her soft skin. “I will make it harder, Emma. I’ve listened to you and now you’ll listen to me. The last thing Anton told me to do was to find you. Respect his wishes and stay.”
Emma wrenched herself free and sat up against the headboard. Her hands scrabbled at the sheets. “You don’t get to give me orders, Rohan. If Anton told you to find me, then he also told you where I lived. How many months did it take you, Ro? How many?”
Rohan swallowed and his grip tightened around Emma’s stomach. “Too many.” His words sounded brittle and Emma registered their truth.
“Because you didn’t want us. You’ve got Leicestershire Barbie at your beck and call and we’re just an inconvenience.” She slapped at his arm, gasping as he tightened his grip and hauled her against him. His chest felt hard against her breasts and he wrapped his other arm around her back.
“You will stay,” he ordered. “I will deal with any other obstacles.”
“Your girlfriend and your mother are obstacles to you?” Emma grunted as she shoved at his chest. “Nice. It must feel great to belong in your property portfolio.”
“Emma, stop.” Rohan released her. “Please, stay. Look after Anton’s dog and give me a chance to make things right.”
Emma hissed out a breath of exasperation. “Does that mean you won’t lend me the bus fare back to Lincoln?”
Rohan tutted. “No, Em. I can give you money. Go where you like. I’m asking you to wait.”
Impulse and logic vied in Emma’s mind, leaving her without options. Nicky loved Harborough. And Rohan. The thought of dragging him away to the freezing council house in the north seemed beyond reasonable. “Fine!” she grumbled. “But this isn’t a viable long term solution!”
“Blagodaryu vas.” Rohan’s thanks sounded sincere. “I will use the opportunity to get to know Rohan Nikolai Davidovich Andreyev.”
Emma gasped. “You knew!” Her feet hit the rug with a thud. “You looked at his birth certificate. You went into my stuff!”
Rohan released a mirthless laugh. “You have much to learn, Emma Andreyev. It’s my job to know the things that can hurt me the most. They are the antecedents of risk.”
Emma humphed. Rohan’s reply gave her no actual answer to her question. It robbed her of control and the faint tremor of misgiving flickered to life. “Please, don’t tell Nicky?” she whispered. “I’m not ready.”
“Okay.” Rohan’s easy reply made her nervous.
Emma’s brows knitted as she picked apart the one word answer to look for sincerity. She sat on the edge of the mattress, her teeth chattering against the cold. She sensed she needed to change the subject. “Did you know Anton was gay?” she asked.
Rohan nodded and the action vibrated the bed. “Yeah. I found that more believable than the theory of Mama being a serial killer.” He snuffed, but not in humour. “I don’t know what to think about that, Emma. She never hurt me, yet you both suffered.”
Emma groaned. “You were her favourite.” She frowned, the idea without foundation. “No, that’s not true. Perhaps another reason kept her from feeding you her potions.” She gasped. “You don’t think she killed Anton, do you?”
“No, Em! Not unless she worked out a way to give someone bowel cancer without them realising.”
“Oh. Fair enough.” Emma lifted her feet and pushed them back beneath the covers. The radiator cranked out heat in a steady bloom to take the sharp edge off the chill. “But you must understand why Nicky isn’t safe around your mother.” She shifted down in the bed, an involuntary shiver rocking her body.
Rohan said nothing and time stretched out the silence. When he spoke, his voice sounded tentative and unsure. “I’ve missed you,” he whispered.
Emma shifted on her side and saw the grey gloom of morning cast shadows across his face. She pursed her lips and gave a tentative nod. “I’ve missed you too,” she replied. “At first, it felt like losing a body part. I promised myself that staying away from you would keep Nicky safe from Alanya. He must be my priority.”
Rohan opened his arms and Emma swallowed. The words of denial wouldn’t leave the safety of her brain. She wanted what he offered, security, comfort and a broad chest to rest her cheek against in the cool of the morning. She floundered and Rohan spoke. “Can I hold you? Please?” His voice sounded so certain, so convincing.
Emma inched across the mattress, her icy fingers contacting Rohan’s firm stomach as she edged towards him. He rolled onto his back and Emma rested her head in the familiar space on his shoulder, overwhelmed by the comforting familiarity of her husband. A sense of home filled her senses and the unsatiated craving she’d battled seemed to still for a moment. The old army sleeping bag had left a faint institutional scent on Rohan’s skin. When she closed her eyes, Emma could imagine that she was still sixteen and he’d come home on leave. She rested her fingers against Rohan’s chest and felt the ridges of scar tissue beneath her pads. “Rohan?” she whispered, her tone confidential. “I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you when you got hurt. Nobody told me.”
“It’s fine,” he replied, but a harshness crept into his voice.
Emma swallowed, the need for confession burning in her chest. “Rohan?” she said again. When he didn’t reply, she continued her hushed confidence. “Anton registered Nicky’s birth. There were complications and I almost died. I didn’t realise what he’d done until much later. He signed himself as Nicky’s father but gave him your names. He thought he was helping.”
Rohan’s chest seemed to deflate beneath her touch. She regretted never knowing when to leave things alone. She let her fingers wander over his stomach and cross the line of hair which disappeared into his pants. Her hand rested over his waistband. “Ro?” she whispered and leaned up on one elbow.
Rohan turned towards her and released a ragged breath. “Emma, shut up!” he hissed. His arms wound around her and he tugged her forward, crushing his lips against hers. She arched into him, her breath a series of tiny gasps. His long fingers found the elastic of her underwear and tugged her knickers over her arching buttocks. The bed springs groaned and Emma slid on top of Rohan. A primal hunger ached in her stomach as though a fire revived there. Gone were the two fumbling teenagers in a secret marriage bed.
Emma ran her hands through Rohan’s hair, her breasts pressed hard against his chest. He took quick breaths through his nose as her tongue danced with his. The cotton fabric of his pyjama pants brushed against Emma’s thighs, the sensation tantalising. Rohan’s hand snaked behind Emma’s head as though he feared she might try to escape. His hardness pressed against her hip, filled with promise and urgency.
“Mummy!” Nicky’s voice cut through the darkness from the hallway. “Mummy! Where are you?”
Emma froze in horror, her spirit plummeting from its soaring high. She pushed at Rohan’s chest with trembling hands, rolling sideways until her feet padded against the rug. “I’m coming now,” she called. Her voice sounded over-light, quick breaths peppering her words. “What’s the matter?” She hauled her tee shirt over her things after righting her underwear.
Nicky met her in the hallway, his hair rumpled and one pyjama leg rolled above his knee. Emma pulled her bedroom door closed and slipped her arm around his shoulders. “It’s almost time to get up now,” she said, her tone soothing. Her legs shook beneath her and her feet seemed to stab at the floorboards as she guided her son back to his room.
“I waked up and you was gone. I couldn’t remember the way to the toilet.”
“It’s down the first lot of stairs, Nick. Come on, we’ll go together.” Emma glanced over her shoulder as she led her son away from her bedroom. Conflict budded in her chest as she both wished and dreaded to find Rohan still in her bed on her return.
“Wait for me?” Nicky pleaded. He pointed to the step on the split-level landing and Emma gave a nod of agreement. She sank onto the cold wooden stairs, running a shaking hand across her face. Heat blossomed in her cheeks and negated the cool draught blowing from downstairs.
“Flush!” she reminded Nicky at the sound of the tap running and the soap falling into the basin. The belated deluge of water justified her prompting.
“Can I get a shower!” Nicky called. “I’m all waked up now.”
“Well, I’m not sitting here all morning!” Emma growled. “I’ll turn the hall light on, but I’m sure you’ll manage now you’re properly awake.”
“Fanks Mum!” came the reply as the shower spurted to life.
Emma laid her head back against the wall and groaned. She jumped as Rohan’s hand appeared in her peripheral vision. He waggled his fingers and she accepted his help to get to her feet. He pulled her against his chest and wound his fingers through her tangled curls. “Please stay, Em?” he whispered. “This changes everything and I’ll do whatever it takes. Mama won’t come near you or my son again. I’ll make sure of it.”
Emma watched the coloured prisms from the stained glass window dapple Rohan’s cheek with pretty shades of dawn light. Her life hung in the balance and the scales could tip either way. She wasn’t the only victim of her decisions anymore. Nicky had lost out too. Sighing, she rested her cheek against his chest. “How can you ban your own mother from your house and your life? It won’t work, Rohan.”
Gripping Emma’s forearms, he stared into her soul with fearful intensity. “Just watch me!” he hissed. His kiss burned her lips and left them feeling swollen. Then turning, he marched down the stairs in his socks and whistled to the dog.
Farrell barked in the kitchen, his excitement palpable as Emma heard the door open and then close. She shook her head. Bitter experience had taught her that just because she wanted something to work out, didn’t mean that it would. Emma blew out a breath laced with frustration and turned her ire on her son. “Hurry up, Nicky!” Her voice betrayed her emotional turmoil. “Don’t use all the hot water.”

Chapter 20
“Where’s my fiancé?” Felicity postured in the entrance to Nicky’s classroom, hands on her hips as the children divided like a river around her.
“Work,” Emma replied. Her cheeks blushed at the memory of their early morning romp. She cleared her throat and pressed a kiss to the top of Nicky’s head. “Bye darling.”
Felicity read the emotion in her eyes and Emma sensed the moment she homed in on it. “What’s happened?” Felicity hissed. “He phoned me early this morning and I haven’t tracked him down yet.” She narrowed her eyes into slits. “Why did he ring me? If you’ve done anything to turn him against me, I’ll make you sorry!”
Emma opened her mouth to retort, halted by a tug on the bottom of Rohan’s borrowed jacket. She looked down, appalled to see her son’s white face staring up at her. Nicky blinked. “Mummy, I don’t want to go to school today. I’m not well.” He flicked his eyes towards Felicity, his dislike apparent in his upturned lip.
“Come on, Nick,” Mo urged, yanking on his friend’s arm. “Sam brought his footy ball for playtime. It’s gonna be radical!”
Nicky looked conflicted. He swallowed, looked up at Emma and then shifted his gaze onto Felicity. Emma shook her head and barged past the other woman. “Come on baby,” she said to her son. “Let’s hang up your jacket. I’ll stay with you in class for a minute.”
Nicky frowned, but he walked into the classroom clinging onto Emma’s hand. It took a while for him to settle and Mrs Clarke touched Emma’s heart with her kindness. The teacher ignored Farrell’s presence, choosing not to notice when the black dog took himself into the reading corner for a snooze.
Emma emerged from the classroom after an hour. Nicky’s behaviour perplexed her. He’d never displayed such anxiety before. She blamed herself. Sam had told a story about his soccer ball for show and tell. His uncle had played in goal for Chelsea and autographed it for him. Emma had struggled to keep Farrell away from the tantalising plaything and made her escape as Nicky and Mo crowded around the ball.
She made it as far as the front gate before a shrill voice hailed her. “Miss Harrington!” Felicity yelled. “Wait!”
Emma whirled round on the spot and tangled her legs in the surprised dog’s leash. A glance at the Year 3 classroom windows told her the class had a ring-side seat. “Leave me alone!” she hissed as Felicity’s heels clicked against the pavement. “You’re crazy.”
“And I see your game!” Felicity bit back, her eyes blazing. “I don’t care where you came from, but you need to go back there. I met with Rohan’s mother yesterday. She knows what you are, nothing but a filthy hooker. You got knocked up by some spotty teenager and then ran off with him.” Felicity jabbed a finger at Emma’s chest and Farrell released a low, warning growl. She took a step back to put a little distance between him and the toes of her pointy shoes. “She couldn’t believe you’d listed Rohan’s brother as the boy’s father. You destroyed her family after she’d given you a home and raised you as her own. You make me sick. Stay away from Rohan!”
Emma’s breath seemed to lodge in her chest, failing to release oxygen to her brain. She swayed on her feet. “You told Alanya about Nicky?” Her voice held an edge of hysteria. Farrell growled low in his chest and took a step towards Felicity. “You can’t do that! It’s confidential. You must have signed a contract promising not to tell other people the information you learned in the school.” Her vision swam with terror. “Why would you do that?”
Felicity pursed her lips and pouted. She’d overplayed her hand and let Emma see the deck of cards. “Prove it,” she hissed. “It’s my word against yours. Alanya and I meet for coffee once a week. She likes me. She said you were a troublemaker and she supports my relationship with Rohan. You need to get out of this town or you’ll be sorry!” Felicity stepped back, her chest heaving with the exhilaration of delivering Alanya’s threat.
Shellshock consumed Emma. Her hand trembled as she lay a restraining palm on Farrell’s head. Children appeared at the window to look out at the floor show, forcing her to cram her dignity back into her chest. It took a mammoth effort for her to restrain herself from delivering a slap to Felicity’s flawless cheek. “You set Alanya on Nicky?” she whispered, defeat in her voice. “I can’t believe you would do that to a child.”
“You’re pathetic.” Felicity drew a fake smile onto her lips to fool the audience, but bile lurked beneath her tone. “I intend to have Rohan to myself. I’m not losing this one, so leave or fight. It’s your choice.” Felicity’s eyes flashed with something akin to insanity. A fathomless darkness created pits behind her irises.
A knocking on the classroom window took Emma’s attention and she forced a smile onto her lips for the child who waved to her.
“Leave me alone,” she said, her voice strong but cold. “Never speak to me again.” She turned back just to make her message clear. “And if you ever speak to my son again, I’ll kill you.”
Felicity blanched and then released a high-pitched laugh. Emma hunched her shoulders in Rohan’s jacket and strode away, pained at having confirmed Alanya’s lies about her. Farrell trotted by her side, his body brushing against her jeans to leave fine black hairs. Emma didn’t notice. She berated herself in a painful, internal monologue, imagining Anton’s disgust at her latest decisions. “Stay away from Rohan and stay away from Alanya,” she whispered. “That’s all I needed to do.” Farrell glanced up at her and his tongue lolled sideways in his mouth. Emma gave him a rueful smile. “I’m leaving as soon as Rohan returns from this job,” she announced, promising herself that she and her son would head north again. “I have a council house to reclaim from some smack heads.”
“Smack heads? Sounds like fun.” Emma blinked at the handsome stranger resting his backside against the picket fence outside Rohan’s house. He gazed at her with a lazy smile, his black hair cropped close to his head. The brownest eyes she had ever seen crinkled at the corners in a smile.
“Just talking to myself,” she admitted. Emma stared beyond him to the front door. “Can I help you?”
“I’m not sure. Can ye?” He grinned. His eyes flashed like glowering coals and he oozed confidence. “I wanted yer man, Rohan. But I guess you’ll do instead.” A strong Irish brogue dragged out the vowels. Belfast, Emma guessed.
“He’s at his office today. But I can take a message.” Emma frowned as Farrell strained against his leash. Her feet moved forward with the force of his tugging. His tail wagged and he released whimpers of excitement.
“Hey there, Farrell,” the man crooned. “How’re you doin’?” He squatted down to greet the dog and gave Emma a lazy grin from beneath sweeping black eyelashes. When he rose, Farrell jumped to press his nose against the man’s wrist. He administered a lick before dropping his feet back to the pavement.
“He knows you?” Emma heard the confusion in her voice.
“Sorry, I’m Christopher.” The man held out his hand and waited for her to decide whether to accept his handshake.
She reached out and touched his skin with her cold palm, a sense of déjà vu prickling the back of her neck. “Emma,” she replied. Her brain issued warnings, which her curiosity swept aside with ease. “It’s freezing out here. Would you like a hot drink?”
Christopher’s smile appeared genuine. He waited as Emma unlocked the front door. Farrell’s claws clicked across the parquet floor towards the kitchen, his lack of concern emboldening Emma. His leash trailed behind him.
Emma stripped off Rohan’s borrowed jacket and left it on the arm of the sofa in the hallway. Christopher removed his shoes as she kicked off her boots. “Tea or coffee?” she offered.
“Coffee please. Milk, no sugar.” Christopher followed her into the kitchen. He laughed at Farrell who pushed his face into his bowl and slurped up the water. The dog’s tail wagged like a black sail and he clambered into his squashy bed and hurled himself down with a contented sigh. “I think you wore out the dog, so you did.” Farrell’s brown eyes smiled his pleasure with Christopher’s presence.
“He likes you,” Emma commented, busying herself with the kettle and mugs. She swallowed at the memory of Farrell’s growls at Felicity. Closing her eyes, she tried to banish the woman’s image and her dangerous threats against Nicky.
“Sure yeah.” Christopher bobbed down next to Farrell’s bed and the dog moaned and rolled over on his back with his legs in the air. Christopher rubbed the hairy stomach, laughing at Farrell’s disgust when he stopped. “Na, that’s your lot,” he said, his almond shaped eyes curving upwards in a smile as he rose. He turned to Emma and she experienced a rush of warmth at the way his irises glinted with interest. “So,” he said, folding his arms and leaning back against the counter. “What’s the deal with you and Rohan?” He crossed one leg over the other, his stance casual but his enquiry serious.
Emma kept her back turned as she sifted through a series of answers. Her shoulders slumped when she settled on the truth. “My father married his mother when we were children.” A blush coloured her neck and pinked her cheeks. “We’ve no shared blood. He’s my step-brother.” The word caused myriad cuts to reopen in her soul. It had stood between them since the moment she hung on his first full sentence. He had spoken little, but not to her. Not in the beginning.
“So, ye might like a wee dram in the town with a visiting Irishman?” Christopher’s gaze burned the back of her neck. Emma twirled a teaspoon in the coffee, dispersing the milk and allowing herself time to process his request. Devilment tempted her. As much as she craved a reunion with Rohan, Felicity’s threats made the scenario impossible.
Emma turned and held out the coffee. Christopher’s fingertips brushed hers as he wrapped his hand around the mug. He raised an eyebrow in question and Emma gave a shrug of indifference. “I’m not staying,” she replied. The hot coffee burned her lips as she took an ill-advised sip. “I’m leaving in a few days.” Leaving Rohan to Alanya. And to Felicity’s possessive kisses.
“Then a goodbye drink with me shouldn’t be a problem.” His eyes narrowed and he blinked, the action both foxy and endearing.
“We just met. Why are you interested?” she demanded, setting a defiant tilt into her chin. “I come with more complications than you can imagine.” Her hand shook and coffee slopped over the edge of her mug, leaving drips on the floor tiles. They turned the quarried red a darker colour as Emma stared at the spots.
“Maybe I like complicated,” Christopher replied. His voice sounded soft and alluring. Emma pursed her lips and ignored his brazen pressure. Temptation flared in her chest and she tamped it down again. A voice in her head denied the harm of a drink with a handsome stranger. One drink after six years of celibacy and no social life.
Christopher blinked, long black lashes grazing his cheeks. He seemed to sense her weakening. “You’re exquisite, Emma Andreyev. Has anyone ever told you that?”
Emma let out a snort of spontaneous laughter. “You’re dreadful. Has anyone ever told you that?” The irony cut through the illusion. He’d used her married name as a pickup line.
“Hell yeah! Me mammy says it often to me.” Christopher raised his voice in an impression of a high-pitched female. “Chris! You’re a feckin’ eejit!” The corners of his eyes crinkled in laugh lines. “That’s just a sample. I can’t do her proper voice. It’s deep, like a man who’s smoked fifty a day since his third birthday.”
Emma laughed. Her spirit lightened. “I bet it’s not,” she retorted. “I can’t imagine you with a mother like that.”
“Come out with me and I’ll show you a photo.” Irises like dark chocolate glinted with wickedness. Christopher’s lips quirked into a pout of pure self-confidence as he turned up the heat. “You know you want to really.”
Emma dropped her gaze and sipped her drink. The moment became awkward. Christopher observed her from beneath his eyelashes, a frightening astuteness behind his gaze. Emma’s heart sank as she wondered if he knew more than she supposed. She needed him to leave, but his company intrigued her.
Christopher broke the silence. “So, can guests sit down in this house, or do I need to stand on ceremony until I finish my drink?” He raised an eyebrow and Emma relaxed. She pointed to the two-seater sofa at the end of the kitchen.
“No, sorry. Sit. It’s not my house. I don’t get many guests at home.” She pursed her lips and regretted mentioning her circumstances. Christopher’s head cocked with interest.
“Where’s home?” he asked.
Emma regretted inviting him to stay for two reasons. She’d given him time to ask questions she didn’t want to answer. She’d also invited him to sit on the smallest sofa in the house. Her coffee mug trembled in her fingers as she planned a way through the awkwardness. She waved her other hand and declined the seat next to him. “I’m fine,” she replied to his frown. “I’ll stand. Too much to do.” She gave a feckless flap of her hand towards the sink, wishing she’d left a ready excuse. The empty counter and gurgling dishwasher made a liar of her.
Christopher cocked his head and closed one eye. It created the effect of humour. “I don’t want to talk to the back of yer head,” he said, his irises glinting. “So, tell me about yer, Emma. Where do ye live when you’re not visiting your brother?”
“Lincoln.” Emma swallowed and tried not to wince at the label he’d automatically given Rohan. She focussed on thoughts of home instead. Even naming the town filled her with dread. “I’m looking after Rohan’s dog while he goes away for work.”
“Aye, work?” Christopher nodded and sipped his coffee. “He’s a busy boy, see.”
Emma nodded. She wished she hadn’t let him maneuver her into a more prolonged visit. Blinking, she realised he’d governed her actions since the first seconds of their meeting. Emma exhaled. Rohan might not want him in the house. The threat of his disappointment sent her striding towards the sofa. Christopher jerked in surprise as she sat next to him.
“How do you know Rohan?” she demanded. She turned sideways on the seat, careful to avoid touching Christopher’s thigh with her knee. He flexed his slender fingers around his mug and released a sigh.
“That’s a long story. I don’t want to bore you on our first meeting.” He looked up at the ceiling and his black fringe bounced against his eyelashes. Emma studied the profile of his chiseled jaw and the stubble pressing through his cheek. His looks were the antithesis of Rohan’s. The voice in Emma’s head told her Christopher might be fun. With Felicity hanging around, she could use the handsome Irishman as a diversion. Her shoulders hunched. It might call off Alanya’s spite until she and Nicky could go home.
Emma’s fingers strayed to the back of the sofa. Rohan’s discarded sweater hung over the cushion and she stroked the soft wool. Guilt budded in her chest as the scent of his aftershave disturbed beneath her touch. It condemned her twisted thoughts and Emma frowned. She looked up to find Christopher watching her. “Sorry?” she asked, her tone soft. “Did you say something?”
Christopher’s gaze flicked to the sweater and then to her face. He smiled and for a second Emma felt sympathy between them. “I asked what time Rohan might get home.” His Irish accent softened the question into the gentle cadence of song lyrics.
“Not sure,” Emma replied. She knew nothing about anything. The realisation struck her. Rohan had offered no information about where his work would take him or how long it might keep him there. “Was he expecting you?” Emma pursed her lips and winced. “I could take a message.”
Christopher shook his head. He wrinkled his nose. “It’s okay. I thought he’d be here.”
“Oh. Did he expect you to visit?”
“Not here, no.”
Emma touched her lips with her fingers. “Oh, sorry.”
“I don’t suppose ya can give me his phone number?” Christopher edged his body sideways and his knee touched Emma’s. The subsequent jolt from their contact filled her with confusion. His sweet male scent seemed to overwrite Rohan’s faded memory and she licked her lips. The flare of attraction took her by surprise.
“I don’t think he wrote it down for me.” Emma floundered. Rohan just turned up when he felt like it. She realised with a sinking sensation that he’d never given her a reason to need his phone number. Her hand shook as she reached into her jeans pocket for her phone. “Perhaps he put it here,” she suggested. “Her fingers coasted across the battered keys.
Christopher smiled and stretched like a cat. He sat his mug on the floor and reached for Emma’s phone. “I should just give you my number,” he said. He pressed keys and entered his name into her contacts. His nose wrinkled as he turned the device over in his hand. Emma thought for a second that she read disappointment in his brown eyes. “Why do you have such an old phone?” he demanded with a twist of his lips. “I’m surprised at Rohan.”
“It’s none of his business.” Emma snatched her phone from his outstretched hand. “It’s mine.”
Christopher crossed his long legs at the ankles and retrieved his coffee. Emma observed him from beneath her lashes, studying his smooth skin which revealed a tiny nick beneath his jaw from a razor. His hair looked recently cut, short and neat. He wore average clothes with a confidence which told her he valued his own opinion above others. Emma started as he turned and caught her staring.
“So, tell me about yerself, Emma,” he said, his voice soothing as he tried again. He took another sip of his drink.
Emma tensed. Her circumstances weren’t for the ears of strangers. “There’s not much to tell.” She shuttered her expression like a portcullis, needing to keep the Irishman out of her head. She sensed he could charm his way into a woman’s affections with minor effort. “My life is pretty boring. Tell me about you. How did you meet Rohan?”
Christopher shifted in the seat so he half-faced her. He smiled with veiled approval at her fencing tactic. “I’ve known Andreyev for three years. We’re both free-lance and sometimes work on the same projects. He’s as sharp as a knife and knows how to use one. We’ve a healthy respect for one another.” He reached out a tentative hand and plucked a black dog hair from Emma’s jeans. His fingers lingered and his warmth pressed through the fabric. “Will ya come for a drink wit’ me whilst I’m in town?”
“What?” Emma’s face registered her shock at the smooth insertion of his repeated invitation. She swallowed. “No! It’s ridiculous.” Confusion and fear dilated Emma’s pupils. Her heartbeat picked up its pace as Christopher bent his knee and occupied the greater share of the seat. “I don’t know you from a bar of soap!”
He threw his head back and laughed. “Me mammy says that.” He shrugged. “I’m not in town for long. The evenings get kinda lonely. I’m only suggesting a drink. No matter.” Christopher fixed a smile on his face, but it appeared forced. His hangdog expression fostered an endearing quality which tested Emma’s resolve.
She should have asked him to leave, but she didn’t. Christopher continued to sip his coffee and Emma let him. The conversation steered towards safer ground. His keen observation skills netted a victory when he spotted a pair of Nicky’s socks drying on the clothes airer. Emma nodded in response to the harmless question. “My son,” she acknowledged. “He’s six.”
Christopher nodded. “Is he a handful?”
“No.” Emma relaxed against the sofa cushions. She exhaled. “He should be, but he isn’t. Nicky’s a delightful boy.” She frowned. “You asked me out without knowing if I had a husband. What if he’s a weightlifter who wants to fight you?” Her lips quirked upwards at the memory of the fights she’d witnessed between Fat Brian and his gang members. It looked more like a game of Twister with baseball bats.
Christopher raised an eyebrow. “Do you have a husband, Emma?” His pointed glance at her ring finger negated the need for an answer. She pursed her lips in defeat but tried a valiant recovery.
“I might have a boyfriend.”
“Do you?” Christopher’s steady gaze inferred he’d guess if she lied. Emma released a sigh laden with sadness that something about her obviously betrayed her emotional neglect. Her mind strayed unbidden to her moment of passion with Rohan. Emotional neglect but palpable sexual tension.
Emma cleared her throat and edged away from him. “No. I don’t.” She tightened her jaw. “And I don’t need one, thanks.”
Christopher laughed again, an easy, genuine sound. Straight white teeth added to the effect of perfection. “I’m sure you don’t.” He cocked his head and studied her. His accent added a compelling tone to his words. “But I only offered you a drink in a public place. Not a lifetime commitment.”
Emma swallowed and stared at the tiles. Embarrassment sent a flush to colour her cheeks. He’d offered friendship and she’d accused him of lechery. She’d allowed herself to get out of practice in the dating game. The rules for playing had changed. “Sorry.” She dipped her body to stare at her feet and avoid Christopher’s perceptive gaze. She lined up her toes and winced at a hole in her sock.
“I accept yer apology.” Christopher’s tone offered kindness and understanding. “In return I’ll show my good faith by buying you the drink I offered and the dinner I didn’t.”
Emma snuffed out a reluctant laugh. “You’re very persuasive.”
“Ah, that’s the Irish genes.” Christopher grinned. “We run at life because we understand there’s only so much time. Better to break your neck than get nowhere.”
Emma nodded. “Does your mother say that too?” she asked.
“No.” Christopher tapped his temple with a long index finger. “That’s all me.”
Emma blinked. Despite herself, she liked him. Temptation tested her. One drink. Felicity said she and Alanya would drive her out of Rohan’s life. Emma sighed. She needed to kill the bud of attraction growing inside her for her former husband. Kill it stone dead before it left her derelict again.
Christopher sat forward and seemed to rethink his game plan. Then he rose. “Thank you for the coffee.” He sat his mug on the counter next to Emma. “I’ve imposed on ya enough. You’re gorgeous and it made me forget my head for a moment.” He took a step towards the kitchen door and stopped to chuck Farrell under the chin.
“I can make you another coffee.” Emma spoke as fear and loneliness crowded in on her. The day stretched out before her, empty and filled with her own fruitless recriminations. It seemed pointless searching for a job in a town when she couldn’t stay. Her old boss would have scuppered her job at the school by now, anyway. She could go for a drink with this man and might even enjoy herself. Then she would leave as planned.
Christopher turned to face her. A corner of his lip lifted as Farrell’s tail wagged against the floor tiles. Emma stood and nerves battered her self-confidence. Her mind turned somersaults as it tried to get her back to the place in the conversation where he’d asked her to go out with him. Before she’d ruined it. Seconds ticked by and neither of them spoke.
“Tomorrow night. Seven o’clock at the motel on the corner of Welland Park Road,” Christopher said. His voice sounded soft, enticing. “If yer show up, we’ll go for dinner. If you don’t, I’ll deal with the heartbreak of a missed opportunity.” He winked at her. “But I’ll live, Rohan’s sister. I always do.”
Emma said nothing as Christopher opened the kitchen door, walked through and closed it behind him. She listened to him lacing up his shoes in the hallway. At the click of the front door closing, she blew a breath through pursed lips. “What the hell just happened?” she demanded. Farrell sat up and glanced at his leash with his fluffy ears pricked. Emma slapped her hands against her thighs. “And why were you such a rubbish guard dog?”
Farrell released a wet sneeze from his wide nostrils and buried his nose in his paws. “Useless!” Emma grunted. She marched into the hallway and deadlocked the front door as though it might keep out the deluge of confused emotions threatening to overwhelm her. She leaned against it and closed her eyes. “So far today, I’ve been seduced, threatened and propositioned,” she mused. “Rohan’s got himself a crazy girlfriend and I’ve just come home to her twin brother.”

Chapter 21
Emma called to the dog before kicking another rotting conker for him to chase. The low sun twinkled through the trees and dappled the pavement. She squinted at the bell tower of the school, seeing it as a black silhouette against the orange winter sun. The walk around the park with Farrell had helped to consume an otherwise boring afternoon.
“So, you return with a bastard? How typical of you.” The old woman stepped in front of Emma on the path. The sun back lit her to accentuate the horror her outline induced. Emma reacted by putting her hands out in front of her.
“Get away from me!” she spat. The deserted park rejected her frantic glance around for help. Picking up the tension in her stance, the dog bounded back towards Emma, dropping the conker in the grass.
Alanya moved to prevent Emma skirting around her, spreading her arms as though in greeting. It ensured Emma would need to step into the murky puddles on either side of the path to escape. The simple action reeked of cruelty and domination, familiar guests at Alanya Harrington’s dinner table. Farrell arrived in a hail of dirty water, splashing through the mess to reach Emma’s side and showering both women.
Emma faltered before her step mother. Terror vied with duty. She wanted to get away from Alanya. But she needed to fetch Nicky from school. Comfortable in her superiority, Alanya rested her weight on one hip. She pointed the toes of her left foot in the ballerina’s stance she’d once held. Gifted. Beautiful. Affluent.
“My son has...how you say? Banned me from house. Because of you. Always when there is trouble, here is the vicar’s nemnogo orphan!”
“You made me a little orphan!” Emma retorted. The word sent darts of pain through her head. “You’re a murderer.” Emma gathered the dog leash into her left hand and hooked her fingers through Farrell’s collar. The action betrayed the tremor consuming her from head to toe. “You killed my father and then tried to force me to abort my unborn child. Is it just me you hate, or anyone connected with me?”
Alanya’s jaw dropped open and her pursed lips parted in a mask of horror. “Do not say dat!” she snapped. “I loved your father. He vas sick. I try to heal him.”
“He was fine until he met you!” Emma’s voice rose. “We were doing okay! He’d still be alive now if you hadn’t walked into his church. You make me sick!” Tears sprang into Emma’s eyes. Thoughts of her father always released the pressure valve on her self-control. The Reverend Harrington had adored his Russian ballerina.
“I vatch you, Emma. Vy do you have Anton’s syn?”
“Mind your own business! My boy will never know you. Stay away from us.”
“But Emma. I think I help you. Let me see child?”
“No!” Emma’s temper reached explosion point, filling her head with molten blood and glazing her vision in a red mist. She summoned up all the latent hatred she’d spent the last six years burying. “You ruined my life!” Emma gasped at the sentence, realising how sad it sounded in the open air. It stank of self-pity. At its core was her son, the best thing to have come out of it all. She took a step back and the dog moved with her as though synced with her in a dance.
Emma forced herself to breathe. She conjured up Nicky’s sweet face with his father’s unruly blond locks and stunning blue eyes. She thought of all the times her son told her he loved her and the little ways he demonstrated it. Alanya had tried to ruin it, but she hadn’t succeeded. She hadn’t. Emma finally saw that truth for the first time.
She fixed her gaze on Alanya’s hooked nose and fading blonde hair. The law of genetics meant she saw the matriarch in her own son every day, but where Rohan’s mother had passed on her beauty, she’d spared him her vile nature.
“You will never meet my son.” Courage flowered in Emma’s chest and the tremor lessened. “You’ve missed out, Alanya, because he’s beautiful.” A manic grin spread across Emma’s features. “You’ll never know what you’ve missed.” She swallowed and stepped into the puddle at the side of the path. “Never speak to me again!”
The water sloshed over the tops of her ankle boots and squeezed through the gap between the lining and the sole. Emma put her head down and ignored the discomfort. The healing cuts on her feet protested.
But as victory loomed, the monster of her childhood lashed out and caught her square in the heart. “You vill not have Rohan!” Alanya snarled. She pointed an index finger twisted by arthritis. “I vill not let you taint him like you did Anton. I lost him because of you and I do not forgive!”
Emma paused and turned to face Alanya. It was a mistake which proved her undoing. In her mind’s eye, the old woman morphed back into the terror of her childhood. Hateful and uncompromising. Emma forgot the ready sentence on her lips.
“Leave Rohan Andreyev alone!” Alanya ordered her. “Or I vill make you vish you had!” She took a menacing step towards the edge of the path. “You are a whore. You pedaled your flesh to both my sons and you will live to regret it. I vill see Anton’s syn, whether you like it or not! My nevestka, Felicity, vill see to it.”
Emma turned and splashed towards the school. She elected not to run, salvaging the last of her dignity by strolling as though Alanya hadn’t just stabbed her through the chest. The trembling of her fingers rattled the links of the dog leash. Farrell stuck close to her leg, looking up at her with wide, brown eyes filled with concern. Emma kept walking until she saw Alanya shuffle away in her peripheral vision.
The old woman took careful steps along the pathway towards the main road. Then Emma rested her forehead against her icy fingers and let the panic subside. Alanya had inflicted many intentional cuts, not least her use of the Russian word for daughter-in-law. She’d pulled Felicity into her circle of confidence and slammed the door on Emma. Not that Emma had ever craved Alanya’s love, but it cemented the barrier between her and Rohan. And Nicky.
She shook her head and acid rose into her chest with the withdrawal of adrenaline. Farrell dropped a stick at her feet as she ran a shaking hand over her lips. “I need to get away from here,” she whispered to the dog. Her mind ran riot with the memories of stomach cramps induced by whatever adulteration Alanya had added to her food. It often followed a warning about her behaviour with the boys. Emma shuddered at the thought of the Russian woman plying Nicky with poisoned sweets or drinks. She’d indicated that Felicity would help get her access to him.
Emma glanced around her, relieved to find the park still empty. Her own words returned to taunt her. ‘You ruined my life.’ She wished she hadn’t said it. Nicky was the bright spot in her miserable life.
The trembling of her legs drove her to sit down on a swing. The gentle swaying motion increased her sickness. Emma looked at the apex of the school building rising above the red brick wall. It formed an unshakable landmark in the gathering gloom. Her son sat at a desk inside, learning or chewing his pencil and struggling to keep his bottom on the seat of his tiny plastic chair. “Oh, Nicky, I don’t deserve you,” Emma whispered to the surrounding trees.
“Talking to yourself?” Mel laughed as she appeared behind Emma. She frowned when she noticed Emma’s start of fear. Farrell dashed up at that moment, a bent stick dangling from his mouth. Emma covered her alarm by taking it and sending it hurtling through the air. The dog turned tail and followed.
“I’m just slaying demons.” Emma grunted as she bent to pick up another blunted piece of wood cast down by the gargantuan oak trees. She kept her feet on the floor, but the swing moved.
“Can you slay my ex at the same time?” Mel snorted. “Then maybe me an’ Mo could go back to Manchester.”
“You don’t need my help. I’m a failure.” Emma’s voice sounded flat.
“Hey, ladies.” A blonde woman wandered up to Mel. She watched Farrell’s antics with the stick. He spun in a circle as though trying to make himself dizzy.
“Hey, Allaine.” Mel nodded at her. She glanced at Emma again, concern sparkling in her chocolate irises. “This is Emma. She’s Nicky’s mum.”
“Hi, Emma.” Allaine presented a glove shrouded in a mitten. Her eyes smiled with an inner confidence which lit her face with ethereal beauty. Emma grasped the offered hand and gave it a polite shake. The women seemed to bring with them a circle of protection for her to hide behind and recover. Allaine turned to follow Farrell’s trajectory as he streaked across the park and through the deepest puddles. “I live along the street from you,” she said. “I’ve seen you walking with your husband and meant to say hello.”
Emma cringed. “He’s not my husband. Well, he is, but kinda not. It’s complicated.” Emma waved her hand in defeat. “It’s a story for another day.” Emma pulled out her phone to check the time. When she rose, the abandoned swing moved in a graceful arc. “Faz, come here,” she called. The dog stopped his stick twirling and padded over, a dazed look in his eyes. Emma clipped the leash onto his collar and he morphed into the perfect dog again.
“He’s a good dog,” Allaine confirmed with a sigh. Her fingers twitched as though stroking an imaginary companion. “I’ve seen him out walking with your ... husband-not-husband.”
“Rohan,” Emma said, caressing his name on her tongue. A world of possibility opened in front of her and then slammed shut on her fingers. The thought of Felicity and Alanya conspiring against her brought more nausea. The two hags plotting her downfall rendered her hopeless. She couldn’t win against them. Her borrowed house in Lincoln called, if she could find the money for train fare.
“Rohan? I just call him ‘The Demigod’ usually,” Mel cooed. “He’s hot property, girl! If you’re not interested, I might make a play for him. I could keep him busy for half an hour if you mind the kids. He’s mighty fine.”
“You might need longer than half an hour,” Emma remarked. Her memories performed an inappropriate dance before her eyes. Then she remembered Felicity’s accusation and the blackness descended over her head again. Rohan’s promises fell like ash to the ground and the spectre of Alanya stole the last of Emma’s new peace. “Anyway, he’s engaged to someone else.” And he lied to me.
Mel narrowed her eyes. “Oh yeah. That scary secretary from the school got her claws into him. That sucks!”
Emma gave a weak nod and followed Allaine through the blue gate and into the playground. Nicky acted his usual effervescent self, running through the park with an entourage of willing worshippers. The women walked behind the children, loaded down with book bags and wrappers from half eaten snacks. Emma’s son exhibited all Anton’s charisma, drawing others to him like a magnet. His laughing eyes and ready smile made her heart clench. She missed Anton. She had more questions for him in death than she’d ever contemplated while he lived.
Mel and Mohammed parted company on the other side of Northampton Road. Mel avoided the sweet shop on the corner with the same wariness as Emma. Neither of them had money to waste on sugar highs. Nicky pressed his face into Emma’s stomach after waving to Mo, his words filling her heart with dismay. “I love it in Harborough, Mummy. Can we stay here forever? I love my new school and I love Mrs Clarke so much.”
Emma patted the top of his head and tried not to show her misery. Allaine waited for her. If she noticed, she said nothing. They walked along Newcombe Street and stopped outside Allaine’s house. Nicky and Allaine’s daughter tracked a group of ants carrying a leaf along a wall.
“Nicky’s tall for his age, isn’t he?” Allaine commented, her short blonde hair poking out from beneath a woolly hat.
“His dad’s tall,” Emma replied. She realised her error and the shutters crashed down over her wistful expression. Allaine made a pretence of not noticing.
“Nicky’s a beautiful person,” Allaine said. “He’s a credit to you. Kaylee told me he shared his lunch with Mohammed yesterday. Mo has whatever he’s given by the Women’s Refuge staff.”
“Rohan paid for Nicky to have hot lunches.” Emma stopped and shook her head. “Oh, that makes sense now. There were peas in his trouser pocket. Thank goodness they didn’t serve gravy!”
Allaine snorted. She waved an outstretched arm at the three-storey house behind her. “Well, I’m here if you need me. Any time. Day or night.”
“Thanks.” Emma sensed the kinship of a budding connection. She turned to leave and then twisted back to face Allaine. The other woman fumbled with the latch on her front gate and Emma cleared her throat. “Hey, do you know where I might find somewhere to rent?” The idea had begun as a germ in her mind with Nicky’s profession of love for the town. It vied with her desire to just run north and not look back. Maternal guilt drove it and fear came a momentary second place.
“Yeah sure. Why don’t we meet up after we drop the children tomorrow? I’ll walk into town with you and show you the sights.”
Emma smiled with genuine gratitude. “Thank you! I’d appreciate that.”
She followed Nicky up the street as he skipped ahead with the dog. She felt torn between her son’s safety and his pleasure. The warning mantra still sounded in her head. Get out. Get out now.
Back at Rohan’s house, she struggled with the door key and dog leash, the dog prancing up and down on her toes and the child pressed close against her bottom. The library bag fell to earth with a crash. “Can’t you take something from me?” Emma snapped, falling forward with a yelp as the door gave way before her. She staggered, tripping over the doorstep and squeaking as she fell.
Strong arms caught her at the moment her knees should have contacted the parquet floor. Rohan lifted her upright but left a hand on either side of her waist until she seemed stable. A blush speckled Emma’s neck and cheeks, embarrassment making her snippy. “I’m fine!” she snarled. She shoved Rohan’s chest and untangled her feet. Wet footprints followed her progress across the floor from her soaked boots.
“Yeah, you looked fine,” Rohan replied with a wooden smile. His blue eyes sparkled with a wariness that added to Emma’s anxiety. “Why are you so late? I got worried.”
“We were chatting to a lady along the street!” Emma’s tone oozed aggression. “I didn’t realise we were on a time limit.”
Nicky rolled his eyes and smirked at Rohan, lighting the fuse on Emma’s patience. “Thanks for catching me, Uncle Ro,” he squeaked in a high voice to mimic her. “You stopped me splatting on the floor.”
Emma shook her head. “Don’t start that eye rolling thing between you! Go upstairs and get out of your school uniform.” She jabbed a finger in Nicky’s direction and he lurched up the wooden stairs to his bedroom. His footsteps thundered overhead.
“Does that include me? Should I go upstairs and get undressed?” Humour touched Rohan’s full lips and Emma swallowed. Her lips burned with the memory of his kisses.
She dodged around him and hung the borrowed coat in the cupboard under the stairs. Her boots leaked dirty water as she sat them on a shelf next to Rohan’s expensive brogues. Even their clothes rebelled against them, highlighting the obvious differences. “Your girlfriend came looking for you,” she said, her tone biting. “Wanted to know why you called her.”
“You know why I called her.” Rohan’s tone sounded soft. Emma fought the urge to throw herself into his arms and let him fix everything. He couldn’t. Alanya wouldn’t allow it.
She turned to face him and gritting her teeth set her jaw into a firm line. “You shouldn’t,” she said, her voice little more than a whisper. “I don’t want you to break up with her. We’re history. It should stay that way.”
Rohan’s lips parted and pain radiated from his blue eyes. Darkness shrouded them like cloud cover ruining a summer picnic. Emma distracted herself with thoughts of Christopher’s offer and remembered the reason for his visit. “Ro,” she began. “This guy came to see you.”
A series of sharp raps on the front door stole the rest of Christopher’s story. The glaze over Rohan’s irises showed he hadn’t taken it in, anyway. Hurt had made him deaf. He strode to the door and hauled it open, a familiar mask slipping over his face to hide his confusion. “What?” he snapped.
“Oh! That’s not much of a welcome.” Felicity bounded across the threshold, threw her arms around Rohan’s neck and kissed him on the lips. Emma crushed her instinctive jealousy and scrabbled in the cupboard for newspaper to stuff into her soaked boots. Her hands shook as she demolished yesterday’s paper and formed small enough pieces to jam them into the toes.
“Hi.” Rohan’s greeting sounded flat.
Oblivious, Felicity retrieved a plastic bag from the front door mat. “I got takeout.” She dangled the bag higher so he could see the cartons stacked inside it. “I got your favourite.”
“But Emma made dinner.” Rohan sounded apologetic. “It’s in the oven.”
Emma watched Felicity as she breathed in the scent of Shepherd’s pie. Her nose wrinkled in disgust. “I hate mince,” she replied with a barbed tone. “And anyway, I only brought enough for two. We’ll eat it in your bedroom.” Without removing her stilettos, Felicity clattered upstairs with the grace of a cat walk model.
“Bloody hell!” Rohan spat as her backside moved out of sight. The unrepeatable Russian swearword made Emma wince.
“You should go,” she said, forcing joviality into her voice. “I didn’t realise Shepherd’s pie wasn’t your favourite anymore. I should have asked.” Emma resented the martyr’s tone. She corrected herself. “I didn’t mean how that sounded.”
Rohan waved his hand in dismissal. His blond brows furrowed into a line. “Emma, I need to talk to you.” He moved closer, lowering his voice and darting a gaze towards the stairs. “It’s important. I’ve lost my back up for this job and it’s too late to back out now. I wouldn’t usually worry, but with you and Nicky here, it’s created a risk.”
Emma frowned. “What? I don’t understand. You’re an accountant.” She wracked her brain for the word he’d used. “An actuary. How risky can it get for a mathematician?”
“Rohan!” Felicity appeared at the top of the stairs. Irritation laced her use of his name. She sidled down the first few steps to peer through the bannister rails. “The food’s going cold.” Her eyes narrowed at the sight of Emma and Rohan, their hissed argument causing her radar to sound mental warnings. “What’s going on?” she demanded.
“Nothing.” Emma lowered her gaze to the floor. She noticed a darker patch where the parquet didn’t match.
Felicity took an indignant inhale through her nose. “Hurry up, Rohan. I’ve found this fantastic little getaway online. We could plan a sexy weekend while we eat the takeout.”
Emma looked up in time to see a vein tick in Rohan’s neck. His eyes appeared blank and she released a sigh. It was the classic tell which revealed him shutting down and dropping the portcullis. It told her that he recognised the manipulation but didn’t want to face dealing with it. Typical Rohan.
Emma covered her sense of dismay with a cough. She fixed a wooden smile on her face and flapped her hand towards the kitchen door. “I’ll leave you to your dinner,” she said, her voice croaky with sadness. “I’ll sort out Nicky.”
Wobbly steps took her to the kitchen and she closed the door and leaned against it. Farrell paced around in front of the oven, his nose in the air. Emma released a sigh. “Smells good, doesn’t it?” She pushed away from the door and jumped as it opened behind her. Nicky slithered through the gap and wrapped his arms around her waist. He buried his nose into the small of her back.
“It’s okay, Mummy. I still love you.”
“I love you too.” Emma’s voice sounded flat and without emotion.
Nicky sighed against her shirt. “I don’t like her. She keeps talking to me in the corridor. Mrs Clarke got cross with her today because she made me late to assembly.”
“Why does she talk to you?” Emma used gloves to remove the casserole dish from the oven. She busied herself, setting it on a wooden board and using activity to buy her time. Asking her son the wrong question would lead down pointless rabbit holes. As his eyes glazed over, she sensed she’d failed at the first hurdle.
“I don’t know,” he replied. His lips parted into a grin at the sight of the pie. “I love it here. We have great dinners.”
Emma took a plate from the overhead rack and spooned mince and potatoes onto it. She sat it on the counter in front of Nicky’s stool.
“Yummy!” He scrambled up and seized hold of his fork.
“Okay, so what does she ask you?” Emma tried again. She gave herself a small portion of mince. Footsteps on the floorboards overhead cauterised her appetite.
Nicky shovelled mince into his mouth and closed his eyes to chew. “She asks me about you. Today she asked why we were here. She thinks she’s getting married to Uncle Ro.” His soft brows knitted into a line.
Emma dropped the serving spoon into the dish, burning herself as she tried to retrieve the handle. “She told me that. But she shouldn’t talk to you in school about private things.” Tears pricked the back of her eyelids and she sucked her finger. The spoon disappeared beneath the folds of meat and potato. “I’ll talk to Mrs Clarke tomorrow.”
“No, please Mummy, don’t talk to my teacher. I don’t want you to do that.” Nicky dropped his fork and panic flickered in his eyes. The metal handle clattered against his plate. He turned to face her and his eyes widened. “Don’t cry Mummy! It’s okay. It’s all gonna be okay.” He slithered from his stool and wrapped his arms around her waist. His cheekbone dug into her hip.
“I’m fine. Just burned myself,” she lied. She blinked away the tears and then sighing, she looked down and gave a gasp of horror. “Ye gods! Nicky!”
“What?” Her naked son giggled. “It took you ages to notice. You told me to go upstairs and get undressed. So, I did. You din’t say to get dressed again.” He pushed his face against Emma’s stomach. His spindly arms around her waist offered a surprising degree of security. He lowered his voice. “I thought my willy might scare that woman away. I think it worked.”
Emma snorted through her tears. She winced. “It’s called flashing, Nick. It’s actually not cool. You can go to prison for doing that when you’re older.”
“But I’m not older,” he answered, his tone confident. “I won’t do it then.”
The kitchen door opened and Emma held her breath.
“Hey.” Rohan’s hand warmed her shoulder as he leaned over and dangled pyjamas in front of Nicky’s face. “You left these.” He dropped them over Nicky’s head and graced Emma with an open smile. It faded as he noticed the tears glistening against her irises. His lips parted with a question but Nicky burst from the clothing with an imitation roar.
“Scared ya,” Nicky sang.
“Get your pyjamas on quick,” Rohan told him. “We don’t want the women falling for you instead of me.” He made the jibe and then thought better of it. Emma saw him shake his head at his own mistake.
“Was Felicity scared?” Nicky demanded from inside his pyjama shirt.
“Impressed,” Rohan answered. His gaze coasted over Emma’s face. She sensed the heat of his stare but chose not to meet it.
“Oh shit!” Nicky stamped his foot in disappointment. “That didn’t work then.”
Emma clapped her hand over his mouth in horror and turned to deal with her child’s expletive. When she looked up, Rohan had gone.

Chapter 22
“Hurry up, Nicky!” Emma called up the stairs. She held a boot in her hand and hauled out the newspaper. Her fingers pressed against the innersole, testing for dampness. “Not too bad,” she murmured.
Rohan walked down the stairs wearing a business suit. His smart shoes clicked against the wooden rungs. He paused at the bottom step and wrinkled his nose. “Sorry about last night.” He frowned, trying to read Emma’s response.
“What about it?” Her voice sounded cold, her words endings clipped.
“Felicity. She acted loud on purpose.”
“Too much information, thanks.” Emma’s face creased into a mask of distaste. “Your sex life is nothing to do with me.”
“Emma!”
“Nicky! Last call for Nicky!” Emma yelled over him like an airport call system. Animosity poured from her in waves.
“Whatever!” Rohan sighed and opened the front door. A wintry blast rushed in as he forced his way out and slammed the door behind him.
“We takin’ Faz?” Nicky clattered down the stairs and lurched for the leash hanging from the back of the cupboard door. Emma stilled his hand.
“No, I’ve got stuff to do in town.”
“But he looks sad,” Nicky complained. “Will I give him my crisps to cheer him up?”
“No! You’ll make him fat and he’ll get health problems. It’s cruelty dressed as kindness to overfeed dogs.”
“Like Uncle Anton?”
“What?” Emma’s head whipped round so fast, her neck clicked. “What about him?”
“About him bein’ sick.”
“What do you know about it?” Emma gulped, wondering how he’d noticed something she’d so blatantly missed.
“You could just tell when he visited. He didn’t wanna play wiv me. When’s he comin’ again? Does he know we’re not in Lincoln?” Nicky’s blue irises sparkled with worry. “I wanna see ‘im. Will Ro let him visit us here if he’s all mended now?”
Emma swallowed. She contemplated the devastating bombshell and pushed it aside until a better time. A voice in her head warned her she’d done that once too often. “I’m sure Uncle Anton knows exactly where we are,” she soothed. “Don’t worry about that at the moment.”
“How does he know? Does he know everything? Is he like God?”
“Nicky, shoes!”
“God knows everything. Kaylee says he does, so he must do.”
“I hope he doesn’t!”
“Why Mummy? Why do you hope that?”
Emma sighed. “Because if he did, he wouldn’t like me very much.”
“Yeah, he would.” Nicky sounded confident. “I like ya, so he would. Else I’d bash ‘im.”
“I don’t think that would be advisable. Let’s go.”
Allaine and Kaylee emerged from their gate as Emma and Nicky approached. Kaylee bounced into the street with a grin. “Let’s skip,” she suggested to Nicky.
He frowned and bit his lip. “I’m not sure,” he replied. “I think Mum needs me today.”
Emma pursed her lips and masked her horror by rubbing her nose with her gloved hand. “I’m fine, Nicky,” she said. “Skip with your friend, but stop at the end of the street.”
Nicky jogged alongside Kaylee’s haphazard bouncing, looking back towards Emma every few steps. With his brows furrowed, he looked just like Rohan. Emma pushed the unwelcome reminder aside with a long exhale.
“How are you today?” Allaine asked, her voice soft. They trailed the children along the street towards Nithsdale Avenue. Emma shoved her hands further into the pockets of Rohan’s jacket. Her fingers clenched.
“Miserable,” she replied, her own honesty taking her by surprise.
“Is there anything I can do to help?” Allaine’s elbow bumped Emma’s as they strolled together.
“You already are.” Emma looked up at her with a smile. “You’re helping me find somewhere to live.”
“Someone told me you’d got a job at the school. It starts soon, doesn’t it?” Allaine squinted and held her breath as the children skipped to the edge of the curb. She released it as they stopped and turned around to wait. Their lips moved as they chatted in the distance. Kaylee waved her arms and Nicky laughed.
“I don’t think that will happen.” Emma pursed her lips. “I need to find something else for now. It’s a chicken and egg situation. I need a permanent address to find a job and a job to secure a permanent address.” She sighed and twisted her lips. “Perhaps the people at the benefits office will help me at the start.”
Allaine frowned. “Are you sure the school job won’t work out?” She shook her head at Emma’s definitive nod. But she didn’t challenge it. Emma experienced a wave of gratitude that she didn’t ask probing questions either. Allaine just continued walking next to her, her expression soft and her movements graceful.
They walked to the end of Nithsdale Avenue and turned right, heading for the lollipop lady and her provision of safe passage across the treacherous Northampton Road. The children bounced along the pavement on the other side. Emma cleared her throat. “There is something you could help me with.” She licked her lips as awkwardness descended. Other children joined Kaylee and Nicky, bouncing along like a mob of kangaroos. Allaine offered a smile of encouragement, forcing Emma to follow through with her request. It helped, casting the last of her doubts into the mud at the side of the path. “I’ve a date tonight and nothing to wear.” Emma bit her lip. “I’m not sure I should even go, but I can’t afford to buy anything new. Would you have something I could borrow?” Felicity’s squeals of glee in the darkness had strengthened her resolve to cut Rohan out of her life. The semiserious date with Christopher marked a first step in the right direction.
Allaine walked in silence while she sifted through a wardrobe in her mind. Then she nodded. “I have lots of dresses. You’re welcome to look.” She frowned. “Why don’t you think you should go?”
“I just met him yesterday. He’s handsome and he knows it, which is the opposite of Rohan.” Emma paused. “He also knows Rohan. That could be a bad move.”
“What does Rohan say?”
Emma tutted. “I didn’t manage to tell him last night.” She pursed her lips. “Or this morning.” She sighed. “This is stupid. I shouldn’t go.”
Allaine smiled. “But I sense you want to, anyway. If you’re unattached and he’s attractive, where’s the harm?”
Emma shrugged. “There isn’t any. Rohan has Felicity.” She resisted the urge to say the other woman’s name in a high-pitched squeak. “I felt flattered when Christopher asked me to meet him. But I haven’t dated since before Nicky was born.”
Allaine nodded and watched the children step through the blue gate into the playground. “Then go,” she advised. “Can you tell Rohan tonight?”
“We’re not communicating.” Emma bit her lip in a flash of guilt. “It’s my fault. We’ve disrupted his life and he’s been great about us living at the house. I picked a fight with him over nothing.”
“Do you need a babysitter?” Allaine asked. “Nicky could stay at our place overnight.”
“Thank you.” Emma blinked at her kindness. “Rohan caught the train to London. I’ll ask him if he gets home in time.”
“How about I give you my mobile number and then at least you can call for help if you need it?” Allaine pulled her phone from her jacket pocket.
“Thanks, that’s great.” Emma went through the pretence of exchanging phone numbers, knowing she had no credit to call or text anyone.
“I’ve got a job interview!” Mel’s voice rang out in the frigid air. She appeared behind them and wrapped an arm around each of Emma and Allaine. “Thanks for lending me the suit, Allaine. What do you think?” She released them to perform a twirl.
“Oosh girl! You look like a banker. What job is it?” Emma sent enthusiasm into her strained smile.
“It’s in the cafe booth inside the market. I’m going for the barista role.” Mel smiled, flashing perfect white teeth. “Oh, I hope I get the job.” She screwed her face up and hugged her body. “I need a break. Well, one that doesn’t fracture bones, anyway.”
“Good luck!” Emma hugged her and wished her well with all her heart. She watched Mel dash away in stilettos that looked a little big for her. Then she smiled at Allaine. “Are you running a clothes shop, lady?”
“Yeah, I must be.” Allaine laughed, bending to kiss Kaylee as her daughter reappeared for a goodbye kiss.
“Do svidaniya, Mama,” Nicky chimed, planting a wet kiss on Emma’s lips.
“Bye darling. Remember how much I love you, won’t you?” she whispered in his ear. “And don’t talk to strangers, Nicky. Or Felicity. I mean it!”
Nicky pursed his lips and shaped a heart with both hands. Emma laughed and counted her blessings.
The walk to town took less than ten minutes. The rental agencies hadn’t opened yet, so Allaine showed Emma the town’s historical sites. A schoolhouse on wooden stilts dominated the heart of Market Harborough. Emma stroked one of the enormous beams holding it up and sighed, her spirit connecting with the sense of permanence radiating through her fingers. “From the Bible?” she mused, pointing to a verse engraved into the wooden beams.
Allaine nodded and read them out loud. “‘He the Lord seeth not as man seeth; for man looketh on the outward appearance, but the Lord looketh on the heart —1 Samuel 16:7b’ I love that verse,” she admitted.
“I don’t. It’s scary,” Emma whispered. Nicky’s comment about God returned to her, filling her with fear. “My heart is definitely dirtier than my feet. I hope God can’t see inside it.” She swallowed and fixed a blank look over her features, determined not to succumb to the threatening self-pity.
Allaine shook her head. “I’m sure God’s seen it all before,” she said, her tone soft. She inhaled and smiled, her gaze switching to the church next to the schoolhouse. “I love this town’s architecture. It just oozes history and meaning.”
Emma nodded. “Yeah. I love history. I enjoyed my archiving papers more than the librarianship ones at university. That was my last job.” Her eyes flashed and she brought her confession to an abrupt end. Allaine didn’t need to know everything in the first sitting. She glanced across at the other woman but found her staring at St Dionysius Church spire. Allaine raised her index finger and pointed.
“They found a set of old books in a priest hole up there last year.” Her eyebrow rose in wonder. “The council organised copies and put them on display in the museum. They make sad reading.” Her nose wrinkled on one side. “People can be unbelievably cruel to one another sometimes.”
Emma thought of Mel and nodded. She turned her feet away from the schoolhouse. “What time does the rental agency open?”
“About now.” Allaine checked her watch. She pointed over Emma’s head. “The benefits office is in the Symington Building over there in case you want to visit them.”
Emma cringed. “I hate asking for help from the state.” Her shoulders slumped. She saw a mental image of her house in Lincoln. She’d got a derelict house and a cheque for twenty pounds last time she asked.
Allaine gathered Emma’s arm beneath her elbow and gave it a conciliatory squeeze. “Hey, sometimes we all need a bit of help. It’s not a crime.” She pointed back towards the red brick building. “Do you find it ironic that they dish out benefits from an old corset factory?”
Emma snorted. “That’s funny.”
The rental agent drove the women to view three available houses. Dressed in a business suit and high heels, she chattered non-stop from the moment they climbed into the vehicle. One house was too far out of town for someone without a car and the other two were outside Emma’s financial reach.
“We’ll think about it,” Allaine told the agent with a smile. If she registered the dismay on Emma’s face, she didn’t comment. “Thanks for driving us to the houses. We appreciate it.” She led Emma from the shop and down the road to a cafe. “Come on, let’s get coffee.” At the look of horror on Emma’s face, she tugged at her arm. “I’m paying!”
As they sipped hot drinks, Emma picked over her options. “I don’t know what I was thinking. I can’t afford to rent a house and staying here isn’t a viable plan, anyway.”
“Oh, Emma,” Allaine said, her tone soft. She reached across and touched her hand. Emma’s eyes narrowed. She looked for pity in Allaine’s expression but found only compassion. “What about Nicky’s father? Can’t he help?”
“No.” Emma withdrew her hand in a pretence of reaching for her drink. “He doesn’t owe us anything.”
Allaine released a sigh and dipped her teaspoon into her coffee. She used it to scoop the frothy milk to the side. “You said your arrangement with Rohan was complicated. I don’t need details, Emma, but I’m here if you need a friend. Nicky is welcome at our place before and after school if you need to get full time work.”
“I couldn’t afford to pay you.” Emma squeezed the bridge of her nose between thumb and forefinger. She sighed. “I should go back to Lincoln. This wasn’t a permanent arrangement.”
“I don’t need payment.” Allaine smiled. “But I sense you could use a friend.”
Emma faced the window and closed her eyes. Allaine’s kindness melted away her defences and tears bubbled in the well deep in her chest. She blinked away the rawness and turned, giving Allaine a watery smile. “Yesterday I was determined to leave, but then Nicky told me how much he loved it here. We moved from Aberystwyth right before he started school. He took ages to settle. Today I’m looking for work, houses and other things I won’t find.”
“And friends.” Allaine winked at her and Emma smiled. “You can have friends.”
“Yeah, and friends.” Emma raised her coffee mug. “Here’s to friends.”
They walked back to Allaine’s house and she turned out the wardrobe on the third floor for Emma. While Emma tried on every dress, Allaine disappeared downstairs to make chicken sandwiches for lunch. “It’s no good!” Emma complained when she returned with a tray. “These are all too beautiful for me. What did you do before you had children? Were you a supermodel?”
“No. I worked as a laboratory technician in Leicester.”
“What does a laboratory technician do?” Emma twirled in front of the mirror. The sheer material shivered against her legs, its sheen the colour of blood.
“We performed forensic tests for law enforcement agencies.” Allaine sat on the mattress and quirked an eyebrow at Emma. “You should borrow that one. The red suits your dark hair.”
“I’m not sure.” Emma hoisted the bodice higher, conscious of the delicate mounds of breast peeking over the top. She turned in a circle and then faced herself. “What did you test?”
Allaine released a sigh and reached for a sandwich. She inspected it before taking a bite and chewing. “All sorts.” She held a hand over her mouth. “Blood, urine, semen, hair. You name it, we tested it. Not that we ever got any recognition. The cops and the lawyers took all that. We might get a dirty thank you if we were lucky.”
“A lot like motherhood then?” Emma grinned. She swirled the red fabric around her knees. “This is the only one that fits. The others are too long or too tight.”
“Borrow that one. It looks beautiful.” Allaine watched Emma as she performed another turn in front of the mirror.
“Do you think so?” Emma shoved her breasts into the bodice and jiggled. “These buttons at the front worry me. If one pops, I might kill someone.”
Allaine giggled. “You have a gorgeous figure. At least your breasts point in the right direction and you still have a waist.” Allaine prodded her flat stomach and Emma scoffed.
“Whatever! I’ve only had one child and earned stretch marks for England. You’ve had five and still own dresses like this.”
Allaine wrinkled her nose. “They’re all from police balls or cocktail parties over the years. That’s why they’re all different sizes. That’s a twenty-year collection. I must have changed shape at least that many times.”
“Did you meet your husband through work?” Emma sat on the mattress next to her. She bit her lip and smiled. “It’s one way of getting noticed for your forensic testing; marry a cop.”
Allaine blinked and stared down at the sandwich in her fingers. She changed the subject with practiced speed. “Keep the red one. Your date will love it.”
Emma frowned but didn’t probe. She writhed her fingers in her lap. “I’m not sure I should do this. How do you date when you have stretch marks? I fell in love with Nicky’s dad at eight years old. We grew up together and he knew everything about me. It’s not just starting again for me. It’s starting from the beginning.”
“Did you get married?” Allaine asked. She took a bite of her sandwich and stared at Emma’s reflection in the mirror.
Emma nodded. “Sixteen and one month old.” She swallowed and her expression grew sad. “He was twenty one and had been in the army since his seventeenth birthday. I loved him so much. We married at Gretna Green just inside the Scottish border.” Emma’s lips parted and she stopped herself. Her irises darkened and her expression shuttered, hiding the pain behind it.
Allaine tapped the plate of sandwiches on the tray. “Eat. You don’t have to tell me anything if you aren’t ready. I don’t care why you came to Harborough or how you got here. I’m just glad you did.”
“Thanks.” Emma reached for a sandwich. “I’ll tell you one day, but we’ll need alcohol not coffee.” She frowned, wondering if Allaine would believe her story.
“Deal.” Allaine leaned forward and scooped Emma’s long curls off her neck. “Wear your hair up. Do you have clips?”
Emma shook her head. “It won’t matter.”
“No, it looks better with your hair up against the low neckline. I’ve got just the thing to match. Do you have shoes?”

Chapter 23
Emma laid the dress on her bed and dealt with Nicky’s after school demands. Relief gripped her when Rohan didn’t arrive home. It presented her with the perfect excuse for avoiding the date with Christopher. She shoved Allaine’s babysitting offer aside, acknowledging it as too difficult to take Nicky up the street in his pyjamas and dump him on strangers.
Rohan clattered through the front door at six o’clock, his face lined with tiredness. Nicky barreled into his legs and wrapped his arms around Rohan’s waist. “Yey. I’m glad you’re home,” he sighed. “Mum’s got a new dress.”
“Ah, nice.” Rohan set his laptop case by the sofa and slipped off his jacket. “What colour?”
“Red.” Nicky bounced next to him. “Like blood.”
“I made dinner.” Emma scurried to the kitchen and dished up a plate of macaroni cheese. She laid it on the counter before plunging her hands into the dishwater while Rohan emptied his trouser pockets of keys and a train ticket.
“Thanks for this.” He gave her a tired smile and ran his hands through his hair.
“Did you go to London again?” Emma splashed in the water, keeping her back turned as she washed up a saucepan. She reasoned he looked too tired to abandon him with Nicky while she met another man. Her brain waged a war of two arguments, beating her with images of Felicity to strengthen her excuse to wear the red dress.
Rohan nodded and dragged a fork from the cutlery drawer. “I went to Kensington. It seems warmer in the city than here. There’s a big freeze coming.” He pushed a forkful of the yellow pasta into his mouth and closed his eyes while he chewed. He sank onto a bar stool with a sigh. “I love coming home to you and Nicky.” Crow’s feet appeared in the corners of his eyes as he smiled. “I should employ you as my housekeeper, so you make dinner every night.”
Emma acknowledged the tiny bud of hope in her heart as it died. She ground her teeth and silently berated herself. Housekeeper. The word wounded her like a knife through her heart. She forced a wooden smile on her lips to hide the pain. Her reflection in the kitchen window grimaced back at her. She mouthed the word, “Wife,” and stuck her tongue out at herself.
Nicky drew a stool across the tiles and lined it up with Rohan’s. Its scraping across the floor ground on Emma’s nerves. She dropped the saucepan on the draining board and whirled around, sprinkling water in a wide arc. “Will you stay in tonight or do you have plans?” She couldn’t say Felicity’s name.
Rohan knitted his blond brows and stared at her. “Why?”
“Yeah, why Mummy?” Nicky frowned and pursed his lips. His eyes grew round. “Is it so you can wear the dress?”
Emma shifted beneath their combined gaze and focussed on the grains of life in the wooden counter. “I’ve been invited out tonight. Please can you babysit?”
Nicky’s jaw dropped open. “You want to go out? Wivout me?” Indignation ran riot across his delicate features. “In a dress!”
Emma swallowed and flapped her hands. “It’s fine. I don’t need to go. Ignore me. I’ll just finish up here.” Losing her fragile nerve, Emma busied herself loading the dishwasher in a fit of activity. Housekeeper. The word condemned her. Disappointment surprised her by nipping at her ankles. The dress seemed to glow from the room above her head.
“I’ll mind Nicky.” Tiredness infected Rohan’s speech and his mother tongue accented his words. He rose from the stool and Emma sensed his eyes boring into the back of her head. “You go out with your friends.”
Nicky gave a grunt of irritation. “Why can’t I go too?” he demanded. “I don’t need a babysitter. I’m not a baby.”
“We can make the slingshot.” Rohan’s offer wiped the child’s memory. Disgust turned to exhilaration. He ran upstairs to fetch the scrappy plan they’d made, Emma’s infraction already forgotten.
“Emma.” Rohan’s voice sent shivers running along her spine. She set a mug in the top rack of the dishwasher and closed the door. Turning, she forced herself to look up into Rohan’s face. He stood close, his blue irises like pools of calm water. “Are these new friends good people?”
Emma thought of Fat Brian and Big Jason and weighed her answer. What constituted a good person? Good people came in all shapes and sizes. The Irishman seemed more dangerous than good, but she sensed Rohan wouldn’t like that answer. She shrugged. “I don’t know.” The honesty in her reply sounded stark and naïve.
Rohan lifted an index finger and brushed a curl from her face. His touch sent Emma’s heart into free fall. The familiar flame in her stomach roared. “What will I do with you, Emma Andreyev?” he whispered.
Emma swallowed. Tension kept them trapped on a knife edge and she held her breath. His arms snaked around her waist and his thumbs fitted into the small of her back as though they’d never left. His heartbeat thudded through her thin blouse. “Emma, vozlyublennaya.” Sweetheart.
“Yes,” she whispered.
Rohan sighed and his exhale moved the fine flyaway hair on either side of her face. Time stopped. Rohan’s lips parted. “Emma, I need to sort out my affairs. I have documents prepared for you to view.”
“Oh.” Emma jerked back, horror widening her eyes. Divorce papers. Just in time for Felicity’s planned sexy weekend. Her heart chilled and she shoved Rohan’s chest until he released her. If she’d had a knife in her hand, she would have stabbed it right through him. He took a heavy step backward, confusion burning in his eyes. “I need to get ready,” Emma bit. Pain shot through her heels as she stamped from the kitchen, the remnants of the glass cuts reminding her of her status. Housekeeper. Divorcee. Unwanted houseguest.
Emma showered and scrunched her hair into a mass of damp curls. Allaine’s clip mounted it on the top of her head in a cascading waterfall of chocolate brown ringlets. Emma used the very last dregs of her compact powder, drew thick black lines above her upper eyelids and scraped mascara from the ailing tube. In the absence of lipstick, she used an old chap stick to gloss her full lips. “Here goes nothing,” she hissed, wiggling into the red dress. She hauled it over her breasts and fastened the buttons. The integral underwire negated the need for a bra.
A throat cleared from the doorway and Emma jumped. She fumbled with the buttons and her breasts threatened to spill free. “Go away!” she snapped. “I’m not decent.”
“I know.” Rohan sounded wistful. He leaned against the door frame and folded his arms. He didn’t leave.
Emma turned her back on him. She poked her breasts into the bodice and buttoned the last of the tiny pearl seeds. Rising on her tiptoes, she looked at herself in the mirror. The dress hugged her waist and fell away to pool around her thighs. It sat better without her old bra wrinkled underneath the sheer fabric. Emma brushed a hand over the crest of her buttocks and frowned. The lines and ridges of her knickers ruined the illusion of elegance. With a snort of exasperation, Emma reached beneath the dress and yanked them down, stepping out of them. Rohan inhaled and held on to the breath. A flicker of enjoyment budded alongside Emma’s sense of righteous vengeance.
“You can leave the room any time you like,” she snapped. She turned to face him. He appeared spellbound, like a child discovering a discarded toy contained magic. Ignoring him, Emma yanked her suitcase from beneath the bed. She dug through the clothing by feel, snatching at and then disregarding items. Her fingers closed around a thong her neighbour had given her for Christmas as a joke. Fat Brian’s mistress had bought all the women something skimpy from the Pound Shop. Emma examined the flimsy dental floss holding the garment together and let it trickle through her fingers. Then she balled it into her palm and closed her hand.
“Just get out, please. Ro.” Exhaustion filtered through her tone. “Please? I’ll sign your bloody divorce papers tomorrow. Let me have tonight.”
Emma rose to find Rohan pointing at her waist. “You’re not going out like that!” He spat the words with the tone of an angry father. It connected with the sleeping defiance in Emma’s nature, waking it like a bear from hibernation.
“This is none of your business!” she snapped.
“But you’re wearing no underwear!” His blue eyes sparkled in the lamplight, his expression scandalised.
“I remember you finding it horny once upon a time.” Emma’s eyes danced with mischief and she watched Rohan struggle. His irises darkened to an arctic blue and she recognised the signs of a man losing control. She watched with interest and saw unsatisfied desire morph into rage.
“You are not going out like that!”
“You’re not my father!” she shouted. “He’s dead, remember?” Her knuckles whitened around the thong.
Nicky’s footsteps pattered from the lounge downstairs and make their way towards the stairs. “Mummy?” he called, alarm lacing his voice.
“I’m your husband!” Rohan hissed as the child breached the stairs behind him.
“Yeah, well not for much longer!”
Nicky pushed around Rohan’s rigid body to get to Emma, his blinking eyes filled with concern. “Why you shoutin’?” he demanded. Then his face broke into a wide smile. “Mummy, you’s so bootiful. I didn’t know you looked like that!” Childish delight filled his face and guilt ate at Emma’s heart. The warning voice in her head begged her not to leave the house and involve herself with the mysterious Irishman. She had too much to lose.
The shouting forgotten against the sight of his mother in a cocktail dress, Nicky’s brain switched to autopilot. He trotted out a series of interesting lessons drilled into him by his teacher at the Lincoln school.
“Always tell a woman she looks beautiful. Never ask her age. Never, never ask if she’s expecting a baby. She might just be fat.” Nicky patted Emma’s flat stomach. “I don’t need that one. You don’t look fat, Mum.”
“Thanks.” Emma glared at Rohan and twisted her lips into a sardonic smile. At least one of the males knew how to compliment instead of criticise.
Nicky smoothed his fingers along the soft material from her hip to her thigh. He sniggered. “You’re rudey dudey under there!” He blinked, his expression earnest. “Like Shaz on the estate. She din’t wear knickers, remember? The wind blew and she showed her...”
Emma fixed her free hand over her son’s mouth and gave him a warning glare. He slobbered on her hand and she pulled her fingers away with a wince of distaste. “That’s disgusting! Isn’t it bedtime?”
“No, me and Uncle Ro is gonna make the slingshot in the tool shed in a minute,” Nicky whined. His butterfly mind fluttered down its alternate trail. “He promised!” His eyes flicked towards Rohan with hopeful expectation laced with a helping of implied guilt.
“Well, give me a kiss and then get on with it. I need to leave now.” Emma ignored Rohan as she planted a gentle kiss over her son’s lips. Nicky wrinkled his nose.
“Strawberry chap stick. Yuk!”
“Go!” Emma pointed to the door and both males left, one more reluctant than the other. Rohan narrowed his eyes and glared at her over his shoulder. Emma breathed a sigh of relief as he kept his comments to himself.
In the bathroom, she wriggled her bum into the thong. “Oh, what?” she hissed as the narrow thread disappeared between her cheeks. “This will not work.” She smiled at herself in the mirror and practiced not looking like she wanted to yank the thing out from between her nether regions. She kept the genteel smile fixed on her lips and carried the borrowed stilettos down the stairs.
Emma pulled open the front door and released a squeak of alarm. Felicity stood in front of her with her hand raised and her mouth open. “Oh.” Felicity frowned. “Nice dress,” she conceded, with obvious reluctance. “Where are you going?” She glanced behind Emma with narrowed eyes, perhaps expecting Rohan to be behind her.
“Out,” Emma replied, without explanation. “Ro’s in the shed with Nicky. They’re making something together.”
“Oh, damn.” Felicity waved a bottle of red wine in Emma’s face. “I wanted time alone with him. When are you leaving permanently?”
Emma shrugged and pushed past her. The cold concrete bit into her bare feet. “When I feel like it,” she snapped. She clamped her teeth over her tongue to stop their chattering at the icy shiver building in her bones. “See ya!” she intoned with a smirk. Avoiding the splinters on the front gate, she slipped into the street.
Felicity watched her leave with a frown. “It’s zero degrees out there!” she called after her. “You’ll freeze!”
Emma ground her jaw into a line and held her head high to avoid answering. The memory of Rohan’s expression warmed her from the inside and she replayed his voyeurism as she got ready. She knew every twitch and expression of that man’s body language and his discomfort filled her with heat. “Divorce my ass,” she muttered. “Because you’re not having it.”
Halfway down Newcombe Street, Emma stopped to slip the shoes onto her feet. The ground made her toes numb enough to fool her into thinking they wouldn’t hurt. “You look like a hooker!” she chastised herself, her shoulders bare to the wintry night. “Oh, hello.” She flapped her hand at a couple walking their dog. They frowned at her flimsy dress from beneath woolly hats and heavy winter coats.
Against her better judgement, Emma used the darkened alley to reach Northampton Road quicker. Night shrouded her and her heels clattered against the pavement and echoed against the houses either side of her like gun shots. A single streetlamp lit one end and she picked up speed. At the entrance to the motel, she paused, primped her hair and caught her breath.
“Hey.” Christopher leaned against the door frame with an air of casualness that brought instant calm.
“Hi.” Emma’s heartbeat fought to return to normal. It added a catch to her breath as she froze at the bottom of the steps.
“You look amazin’.” His lyrical Irish accent sounded suggestive even though he’d paid her a compliment.
“That’s good then.” Emma allowed herself a smile. “You’re the second person to say that tonight.”
“Rohan?” Christopher said her husband’s name with interest and Emma shook her head.
“No. My son. Rohan said something very different.”
Christopher took a last drag of the thin cigarette in his fingers and stubbed it out on the brickwork. He flicked the stub into the hedge aligning the steps. His confidence shrouded Emma in a sense of protection and her shoulders edged away from her ears as she relaxed. She admired the close cut of his suit as it clung to his slender figure. Christopher strode down the stairs and took her by surprise. She expected his kiss to graze her cheek, but he placed his warm lips over hers. He tasted of nicotine and gin. “I didn’t know if you’d come,” he whispered.
“Nor did I,” Emma replied. She covered her nerves with a giggle at her daring and courage. The dental floss underwear exacted its revenge and she winced. Christopher’s brow knitted and Emma placed her index finger over his lips. “Don’t ask.” She smiled as he slipped an arm around her shoulders and guided her onto the street.

Chapter 24
They walked into town at a slow pace, Emma clinging to Christopher’s arm as her ankles wobbled on the stilettos. “Want me to give you a piggyback?” he asked in his slow drawl.
Emma released an unladylike snort. “I don’t think you want to go there. Some parts of me might not survive.”
“Sounds interestin’.” He eyed her sideways, his chocolate irises growing smoky with a lustful hunger. Emma blossomed beneath the shroud of danger which whirled around their heads. She’d been a nervous risk taker, but Christopher infected her with his fearlessness and lent her temporary confidence.
The local bar buzzed with noise and activity. Emma’s heart swelled with naïve excitement. Young motherhood, responsibility and poverty had robbed her of that time in her adolescence where she could have socialised and explored her boundaries. She shared a candlelit booth with Christopher and enjoyed talking about nothing of any importance. His dark eyed gaze seemed to strip back all her pretence as he watched her from across the table. Emma let go of her inhibitions as the alcohol flowed, allowing herself to forget she had a child at home and an unsalvageable marriage to deal with in the morning.
“D’ya dance?” Christopher leaned back against the cushioned bench and raised an eyebrow.
Emma let her mind wander back to the awkward smooch with Rohan at Susan’s wedding. She shrugged, not knowing the answer to his question. “I’ve never tried,” she admitted.
“What?” Christopher sounded scandalised. His lips turned upwards in one corner. “Well, fancy kickin’ up yer heels wit me?” he demanded.
Emma moved on the seat and felt the thong dig into her backside. A wince darkened her expression. “I do,” she admitted. “But I need to take care of something first.”
While Christopher paid the bill, Emma excused herself to use the bathroom. She left the cubicle with the thong in her hand, discarding it in the dustbin with a shrug. Christopher waited in the narrow corridor outside the bathrooms and rested an arm across her shoulder. He pushed a credit card into his top pocket. Emma tugged on his wrist. “Maybe I can pay next time?” she whispered. He stopped and turned his body to block her exit. His hands settled over her bare arms, his thumbs caressing the soft skin.
“Does that mean you’ll come out wit me for a second time?” His gentle tone lulled her into a carefree state, fooling her into believing her destiny was her own to command.
“Perhaps.” Her eyelashes dusted her cheeks as she hung her head and avoided his gaze. “Depends how good your dancing is.”
Christopher inhaled and Emma chanced a quick look up at his chiseled features. His lips brushed hers in a chaste kiss which stoked the fire in her belly. “Good,” he whispered. He brushed the backs of his fingers across her cheek and his gaze seemed to study the finer details of her face as though committing it to memory. Then his hand closed around hers.
Outside on the pavement, a bitter wind bit at Emma’s flimsy dress. She shivered as the winter air exploited her foolishness. Christopher shucked his jacket and laid it across her shoulders with exaggerated care. He stood in front of her and fastened the middle button. “A straight jacket,” he mused. Emma’s head bounced on her neck, a victim of the plummeting temperatures. “Come here.” His tender tone wrapped her in warmth and she didn’t refuse the arms which accompanied it. Christopher’s lips increased the heat, nibbling at Emma’s until her stomach dropped as though she’d fallen from an impressive height. Excitement bubbled inside her, beating back six years of numbness and confusion. She tipped her head back and met Christopher’s kiss with bravery, aware of her inexperience. His fingers coasted along the small of her back and met the silky fabric at the hem of the jacket.
Christopher gasped and his head jerked back. His face crinkled with mirth. “Geez woman! Have you no shame?” His palm stroked the gentle curve of her buttock and a dimple appeared in his left cheek as he contemplated her lack of underwear. “Bloody hell! I’ve never met a woman like you, so I haven’t.”
“Let’s just say, I’d had enough of Shazza’s little Christmas gift!” Emma bit her lower lip and brazened out her decision to abandon the thong.
“I haven’t a clue what you’re talkin’ about.” Christopher snorted. “But it sounds good to me!”
The nightclub at the bottom of town thronged with perspiring bodies and deafening music. Christopher kept Emma close as they climbed the stairs to an upstairs level. He pushed her ahead of him but kept hold of her left hand. When she looked back at him, he gave her a smile filled with promise. The red wine he bought her dulled her senses and edged her towards recklessness. They danced with enthusiasm and Emma grew unsteady on her feet. Christopher proved entertaining, sending away other potential suitors and plying her with more alcohol from the limitless credit card. Emma danced, twirling and laughing, enjoying his addictive kisses on her lips, cheeks and neck. He’d trained a torch on her emptiness and filled it with light. She wanted more, like a moth seeking a naked flame.
“Come back with me!” Christopher shouted over the music as they gyrated on the dance floor. Emma’s curls had snaked free of Allaine’s clip and bounced around her face.
“To Belfast?” She giggled, the sound diminished beneath the heavy beat.
“Aye.” Christopher raised an eyebrow and caught her wrists, pulling her against his chest. “Me hometown.”
“It sounds good,” Emma sighed. “But first I need to find a contract killer to take out a problem.”
“What?” Christopher’s brow creased and he cocked his head. Emma waved a hand in dismissal and disengaged herself from his grasp. She’d said too much and foolishness licked at the edges of her oblivion. A roiling nausea in her stomach begged her not to push her limits any further and soberness tugged at the anchor of her carefree balloon to haul her nearer the earth.
“I just need the bathroom.” Her words sounded forced and Emma abandoned him in the centre of the dancing bodies and tracked towards the toilets.
Freezing water from the cold tap destroyed the rest of the illusion, bringing her down with a bump and the beginnings of a headache. It gushed over her fingers like an icy kiss. Emma braced her hands against the sink and stared at herself in the mirror. The music pounded through the walls, rising to a crescendo and then fading every time the door opened and closed. She watched the thin thread of debauchery without consequence snake out of reach in her eyes. She needed to go home. The momentary taste of freedom left her feeling jaded and empty.
At the top of the stairs leading to the bar, Emma paused in the doorway and looked for Christopher. A sullen mood shrouded her like a child facing the anticlimax of the homeward journey after a treat. She no longer fitted with the gyrating bodies on the dance floor, her moment of carefree enjoyment dead. The hot, sticky bodies frustrated her as she peered through the flashing lights for a sight of Christopher.
Deciding to skirt the dance floor, Emma edged around the crowd. Christopher stood taller than most of the other revelers and she pushed her way through the drinkers to get to him. He stood near the stairs, his white shirt glowing lilac against the ultra violet lighting. But something in the rigidity of his stance served as a warning as Emma drew nearer to him.
Two men faced him, their round heads planted on thick necks. They appeared like bodyguards, menace rolling off them in waves. Emma’s feet stopped moving and she ground to a halt. She cocked her head, wondering what he’d done to fall foul of the nightclub bouncers. Her alcohol addled brain scrambled for solutions and she imagined herself going to his rescue. A misunderstanding, surely.
Christopher shrugged and kept his hands in his pockets. He dipped his dark head towards one man and Emma watched the shouted conversation. Christopher nodded. The eye contact he shared between the men seemed to settle something. Then he lifted an index finger and raised it. Emma read his lips. “One hour.”
The heavier set man leaned his head towards his twin and they discussed something, opening their mouths wide to shout. Christopher watched their discussion, his expression blank. As Emma’s senses returned, she recognised the uniform of heavy duty muscle. Tight tee shirts stressed the implied threat and both men stood with their legs splayed in challenge. These weren’t nightclub bouncers. They reminded her of the men who came after Fat Brian for his gambling debts one fateful Christmas. Trouble oozed from every pore of their skin, unnerving the other partiers into creating an empty circle around them.
The men turned as one to face Christopher. Holding his index finger up, the heavier man leaned in and shouted into Christopher’s face. His words melted against the pulsing music, but the meaning hit its mark. “One hour!” he mouthed. His finger jabbed towards the bathroom door on the far side of the dance floor and then at the stairs. “Bring her!” He enunciated the words to leave no mistake.
Christopher winced as spittle from the man’s lips struck his cheek. The men disappeared towards the bar and the crowd oozed aside like reluctant jelly. Christopher ran his hands through his hair and across his mouth before sitting at a nearby table with a slump of resignation in his shoulders.
Reason and sense banished the alcoholic haze. Emma stared down at her red dress, her body vulnerable and naked beneath its folds. “You’re such an idiot!” she hissed. Her empty hands bore testament to her stupidity. She’d left the house with nothing to assist her in an emergency. The anger against Rohan which she’d indulged with delight had abandoned her to fate without a backward glance.
The vibration of dancers pounding the wooden floorboards no longer entranced her. It created a cage of noise and stopped her focusing. A glance towards the bar showed the two men buying drinks to wait out their promised hour. Christopher had pulled her into an elaborate deceit and she’d thrown herself into it with blind enthusiasm.
Emma spun on her heel and joined a group of people heading for the stairs. Smaller than most of them, she blended into their midst with ease and passed through the front doors onto the deserted street. Her neck ached from continually looking behind her and she stuck to the group until they turned off the main street. They talked and laughed, their voices echoing off the buildings surrounding them. None of them noticed her standing alone as they headed towards the school house, alcohol rolling off them like a haze. Darkness wrapped around Emma’s shoulders, leaving its icy kisses on her pale skin. One hour. Christopher had given her sixty more minutes to drink and dance. One more hour of freedom before he closed the net and handed her over to the two men without a care.
Emma didn’t allow herself the luxury of questioning his reasons. She slipped off the high heels and held them in one hand, hoisting up the skirt of her dress with the other. Then she ran. Her heart pounded a frightened beat in her ears and the frozen pavement stung her bare feet until she could no longer feel them. Tiny stones and gravel dug into her numb soles and opened the tender glass cuts.
Emma took stupid risks, using the dark alleys to shorten her journey. Her throat hitched and she sobbed as she ran, a painful, wracking sound that bounced off the brick houses and returned to her as muffled echoes. She berated herself for her stupidity over and over, danger laid out before her like a muddy cloth. The risk no longer seemed worth it, the night of freedom only a smoke screen.
At Rohan’s house, Emma sank onto the prickly doormat. The gate closed behind her with a sedate click. Her chest heaved and she leaned back against the wooden front door and tried to catch her breath. Farrell barked from inside and his nose snuffled against the threshold. His acknowledgement of her existence held out a lifeline. But it also brought risk. Felicity would see her stripped of her false bravado and revel in her humiliation.
“Sit! Stay!” Rohan sounded irritated as he commanded the dog to move away from the door. The stained glass panel lit up with colour as he whipped the curtain back and peered into the street. Then the door shuddered open and warmth from inside wrapped around Emma’s frozen body like a blanket.
Emma squeezed her eyes closed. The alcohol had dissipated through her bloodstream and left a void in her brain. Her stomach flipped and she clapped a hand over her mouth.
“Oh, Em!” Rohan’s body dipped and he scooped her up from the doormat. He limped as he stepped over the threshold and used his elbow to shut the door. “Farrell, get down!” he grumbled as the dog rose on his back legs to inspect Emma. Rohan carried her into the lighted kitchen and laid her on the sofa. Farrell put his front paws on the cushion and tried to sniff her face. Rohan stepped back, his hands on his hips and his face exuding pure fury. His irises flashed like cobalt and a nerve in his forehead twitched in rhythm with his heartbeat. “Tell me what happened?” he demanded through gritted teeth.
Emma’s eyelashes fluttered against the maniacal frenzy building in Rohan’s eyes. “Nothing.” She still managed to sound sullen despite the way her lungs hitched. “Go back to Felicity. I’m fine.”
Rohan snorted, the sound bullish and filled with ire. “Don’t lie to me!” he bit. “Tell me what happened!”
“Nothing!” Emma pushed her legs off the sofa. Allaine’s stilettos fell to the floor with a clunk. “I just want Nicky.” Her chest hitched and the room swam in front of her. Emma used the arm of the sofa to stand upright, the dog tangling with her legs as he performed concerned circles around her feet.
The cold floor tiles bit into her soles as Emma hobbled across the room. Rohan’s eyes burned holes in the back of her head and he observed her haphazard progress with folded arms and a gritted jaw. Tears pricked her eyes as she contemplated his disgust at her drunkenness. She inhaled and vowed never to let him know the full extent of her stupidity. Farrell accompanied her to the bottom of the stairs, his worried brown eyes watching her slow headway. Emma stroked his head and appreciated the comforting lick he gave her hand. She made it as far as the split-level landing before hoisting the dress and dropping to a crawl. Shock and not alcohol governed her movements and heightened her devastation. Foolishness and gullibility were her room mates.
In her bedroom, she sank onto the soft mattress, an ache in her soul that no amount of sobriety would conquer. It burned and stung, bone deep, soul deep, ripping her open along painful, half-healed scars. She’d messed up again, but this time, she only had herself to blame.
Emma pressed her face into her pillow and sobbed.

Chapter 25
“You bloody did what?” Rohan’s face looked angrier than Emma had ever seen it, his eyes blazing a peculiar storm water blue and his features sharpening. He’d entered her bedroom even though she’d told him to leave her alone. He placed the glass of water on the bedside table with force and liquid slopped over the side. “Drink this and you’ll get less of a headache.”
“I know, I know. You don’t have to mother me. I already know I made a mistake.” Emma pushed herself to a sitting position and wiped her nose across the back of her wrist. “He seemed so nice.”
“Nice?” Rohan shook his head and repeated the word as though trying to understand its relevance. “You went on a date with a complete stranger because you thought he was nice? You told me you were going with a group.”
Emma stared at the red fabric as it pooled across her thighs. “I didn’t actually say that. You just assumed. Look, he made me feel good about myself. I thought just one night out wouldn’t hurt.”
“One night out wouldn’t hurt?” Rohan paced her bedroom, his gait stiff and his head shaking from side to side. “It wouldn’t normally, Em! Most people don’t end up running through the town in a flimsy dress with no shoes on their feet. What about your son? Don’t you care about him?” His voice rose an octave and Emma’s sense of humiliation overrode her need to sit and listen to his accusations.
“Don’t you dare shout at me! Nicky’s been my priority since I gave birth to him so don’t you try to make me feel like a failure!” Emma stood, the silky fabric cascading down around her calves. “You wake Nicky and we’ll leave right now!” She wiped her blotchy face on the sleeve of a discarded cardigan, wincing at its scratchy surface.
“You keep threatening to leave, but I don’t want you to go, Em. What don’t you understand?”
“Oh, go to hell, Rohan. I’m done with your games. What do you want from me? One minute you’re kissing me and the next, you’re marrying Felicity and she’s threatening me.” Emma’s voice cracked as she struggled with the swathe of overwhelming emotions. They mingled with the receding effects of the alcohol to induce a gut-wrenching nausea. She clutched at her chest and agitated fingers grappled with the buttons at her cleavage.
“What? She’s threatening you? Please, just talk to me.” Rohan reached for her.
Emma shook her head and turned away from his questing fingers. “No. Ro, please leave me alone. It was stupid to think we could ever live like brother and sister. There’s too much between us. I let my desperation get the better of me. I should have known.” With a mammoth sigh, Emma turned and walked across to the window. She contemplated the deserted street which had seemed to hold such demons a short time ago. She doubted herself, her fingers fretting against the windowsill as she tried to convince herself she’d imagined the trade.
Rohan cleared his throat. “You’re right. There is too much between us.” He pursed his lips and hung his head. His shirt hung open at the waist and the lamplight dappled his skin. The dog tags from his army days still hung from the chain around his neck. They acted as a barrier between them, both then and now.
The floorboards squeaked as Emma’s sore feet passed over the beech wood joins. “Please, go!” She shoved him from the room with as much force as she could muster. He could have resisted, but he let her push him over the threshold and close the door with her bottom. The click of the handle sounded loud in the silence of the house. Emma yearned to check on her son but couldn’t trust herself to walk past Rohan.
She stood for a while with her hands over her eyes, waiting for her heart to stop pounding in her ears. Doors slammed in her mindscape and options disappeared one at a time. Numbness shrouded her and she recognised her earlier tears were for herself. Driven by shame and disappointment, they left a sting in her soul. “I thought he liked me,” she whispered to herself. “What an idiot.”
Emma flung herself onto the mattress. The springs groaned beneath her as though adding to Rohan’s rebuke. “I’m doomed,” she whispered into the darkness, punctuated only by streetlamps. “I don’t deserve happiness.”
A tightness gripped her chest and she sat up, fighting the urge to snatch Nicky and run. Emma shook her head and tutted. She wouldn’t do that to him in the middle of the night.
Christopher’s face drifted past her inner vision, the perfect conman. He’d attracted her like a moth to a flame, scorching her wings and leaving her flightless. She’d invited the distraction, hoping his attention might sear her feelings for Rohan. She turned her hands over and stared at her empty palms. “Nothing,” she whispered to herself. “Why do you always get nothing?”
Reasoning she’d make no sensible decisions with disappointment still raw in her mind, Emma wound her hair into a loose plait. She plucked at the upper buttons of her dress, popping them one by one until her breasts relaxed. The tight material had left welts in her skin that she hadn’t noticed in the evening’s excitement. A deep sadness snuck in through the cracks in her armour and Emma pushed the threatening tears away with pure bloody mindedness. Her fingers strayed to her slim waist and the abdomen that once held the secret of her son. “Damn you, Alanya. And double damn you, Rohan,” she whispered. The dress fluttered down and puddled around her ankles.
Her first warning of the opening door was the click of the handle and the gentle light which glowed through the gap. The doorway framed Rohan’s silhouette. Emma looked away, her mind empty of accusations or clever words to banish him. He sniffed and paused a moment before moving into the room and closing the door behind him.
“What do you want?” Emma covered her breasts with her arms and looked around for her pyjamas.
“Em, please can we talk?” Rohan’s voice held a begging edge and Emma let a heavy sigh escape her lungs.
“No.”
Rohan made the distance from the doorway to the bed in three strides. He stood next to Emma without touching her, but his fingers trembled as he lifted a hand to brush his fringe from his eyes. “I need you to listen to me.” A familiar electricity arced between them at his proximity, burning them both in its clashing electrons. Emma closed her eyes as exhaustion claimed the last of her energy. She tipped her head back on her neck and let her shoulders slump. Rohan swallowed. “Em. I still love you. I never stopped.”
His pause gave her enough room to silence him. “Shut up!” Her shout cut through the silent house, louder and more agonised than she intended. She held her breath, waiting for Nicky’s fearful footsteps. Her fingers clamped over her ears and she exhaled in a rush when he didn’t come. Anger reclaimed the space vacated by fear.
Rohan’s gentle touch on Emma’s bare shoulder acted as a catalyst. She detonated, funnelling six years of abandonment and disappointment. “I hate you!” Turning, she pounded her balled fists against Rohan’s chest. He lifted his hands to snatch at her wrists and she evaded them, aiming a slap to his cheek but missing as he dodged sideways. “You destroyed me!” Her own words shocked her as though spoken from a hidden vault in her soul. “You left me!”
Emma made contact with a second swipe, the impact stinging her palm. Rohan hissed and enclosed her in a bear hug, wrestling her wrists behind her back and pinning them there. He crossed his legs against the knee she raised at his groin, deflecting the blow with ease. But the sudden movement overbalanced them both and they tumbled backwards onto the bed. Rohan’s hip bumped Emma’s as the mattress embraced them and he shifted his weight to keep her trapped beneath him. He spoke to her, soothing words which didn’t penetrate the white noise occupying her furious brain.
Emma squirmed against the knuckles of their linked fingers digging into the base of her spine. She arched her back and Rohan’s belt buckle grazed her stomach. Awareness flooded her senses, the coarse fabric of his trousers trailing a line of scratchy sensations along her bare thighs. Shock hollowed out her insides as she remembered she was naked. A pink flush bloomed on her chest and snaked up her neck. She used anger to cover her embarrassment. “Let go or you’re dead!” she snarled.
“I just won’t let go then.” Rohan’s warm breath set fire to Emma’s neck. She gritted her teeth and tried to lever him sideways. He released her fingers and slid his hands free, anchoring her beneath his weight before she could drag her fists to her sides. “Why do you fight me?” he whispered.
Emma slid her arms from behind her back, but her fingers refused to do what she told them. Her knuckles tensed but they wouldn’t drag her nails down Rohan’s cheek like she wanted. “I learned to fight.” Her voice sounded over loud in the silence of the bedroom. “It’s all I had.”
“I’m so sorry.” Rohan rested his weight on his left elbow. Emma felt the pressure release in her lungs. She took a deep breath and held it, not knowing what to do next. Rohan lifted the fingers of his right hand and stroked her hair back from her cheek. He bent his right leg at the knee across her thighs, making him vulnerable to a well-timed kick. Emma swallowed, sensing he did it on purpose. The old balance seemed to restore itself between them. She no longer wanted to hurt him, the rage of a minute before dissipated and weak.
Rohan smoothed his thumb beneath her eye, his touch furtive but filled with care. His irises morphed from azure to grey as his pupils darkened. “I need you to stop fighting me. Let me put things right.” His index finger traced a line over her lips and across her chin, drawing forgotten sensations from a deep well in her soul. It followed the gentle arc of her neck and crested her shoulder, trailing along her arm before diving into nothing until his fingers curved around her waist. His touch left a fiery, invisible stripe of fire and possession on her skin, awaking a yearning deep in her gut.
“Rohan, don’t.” Emma’s voice sounded nasal, forgotten tears filling her sinuses in lieu of the order to fall.
“Why not?” His whisper held tenderness. He dipped towards her as though testing the boundary and when she did nothing to stop him, he ventured further until his lips touched hers. Emma gulped as her resolve crumbled like tumbling battlements. Christopher’s betrayal paled against the backdrop of Rohan’s ardent kisses, gone without a trace. By the time Rohan nibbled sensuously on her lower lip, Emma had already admitted defeat. Familiarity revived the sense of hope in her chest and she parted her lips to allow him to claim his next kiss. Rohan’s fingers trembled against her hip, his body asking permission with every nerve and sinew.
Emma’s arms wound around his neck, her fingers sliding through his hair and revelling in its familiar softness. She groaned as Rohan pressed his forehead against hers and closed his eyes. “I’ll let you go,” he whispered. “If that’s what you want.”
Emma started and her eyes widened. The words she wanted refused the call of her tongue. She swallowed, the sound loud against the thud of her heartbeat in her ears. She didn’t know what she wanted. Alcohol, desperation and lust had hijacked her reason and she gaped at him in confusion.
The faint scent of mint danced across her cheek in Rohan’s breath as he waited for her to do something. She just didn’t know what. So, she did what she knew. She fought.
Emma drew her left fist back and then released it like a slingshot. Her fingers tightened as her hand moved through the air. Rohan jerked backwards, exposing Emma’s breasts to the chill air. He blocked the hit with ease, using his forearm to deflect its trajectory. A smile spread across his lips, a familiar dimple gracing his right cheek. Light from the street dappled against the trees in the front garden, casting patterns across Emma’s skin. “Don’t inhale before you hit.” Rohan’s whisper held a hypnotic lilt. “You give yourself away.” He clasped her wrist before she could redouble her effort and pushed her arm above her head.
“I don’t understand you.” Emma’s chest hitched with the force of the admission.
Rohan nodded, the action slow and considered. “That’s fair,” he replied. “I don’t understand myself.” He released her wrist and dropped his hand to cradle her head. “I love you, Emma,” he breathed. His kiss robbed her of a reply and she closed her eyes. Her body betrayed her with every fibre. Rohan let his fingers explore her soft skin, revisiting the dip above her hip and producing ticklish sensations filled with promise. He slid the back of his hand along her thigh, setting off firecrackers in her brain.
“Tell me you don’t love me.” His whispered demand filtered through Emma’s addled brain. She needed him to stop talking, to stop forcing her to confront her inner pain. His belt buckle dug into her stomach, but his lips and his fingers paused as his question tilted Emma’s world on its axis. Fear and anticipation mingled in his blue irises.
“We shouldn’t do this,” she hissed. The moment hung between them like it had once before when they were kids. She’d stepped over the threshold then and a voice in her head told her she would do it again in a heartbeat.
“Tell me you don’t love me and I’ll let you go.” Danger flashed behind Rohan’s eyes in the guise of glittering diamonds.
The cool night air kissed Emma’s exposed breasts and seemed to threaten her with the chill of a life without Rohan in it. A sob caught in her throat. “I can’t,” she gulped. “I can’t tell you that.” Her chest shuddered with the effort and her revelation returned to her like an echo. A weight lifted from her head, taking the black cloud of misery with it. “Just hold me, Ro. Please, hold me,” she begged. Then she clung to him, allowing herself to remember his scent and the sensation of her palms against his chest. It flooded back, the laughter, the happiness and the wonder of being Rohan Andreyev’s wife.
Disaster smiled its ghastly grimace as they danced with it again, their passion driven by a soul-mate connection which refused to be ignored.
Rohan wrapped his arms around Emma as though determined not to lose her again. He whispered endearments in his lyrical Slavic tongue as she slid his shirt over his biceps and dropped it onto the floor.

Chapter 26
“Promise you’ll stay?” Rohan’s voice sounded hushed in the darkness. Emma held her breath, not yet ready to face reality. Rohan’s arm tightened around her shoulders. The dusting of hair across his pectorals tickled her nose. She kept her eyes closed, but fear snaked back into her brain to flood it with confusion and misery.
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Emma rolled away from Rohan’s warmth, regretting the frigid air which rushed in to occupy the space between them. She turned onto her side and faced the window. The streetlamps swayed in the wind, casting their glow back and forth across her view. Rohan moved behind her, his thighs fitting perfectly against hers. He placed gentle kisses against her neck and shoulders. His arms snaked around Emma’s stomach as though to ward off the cloak of resistance settling over her.
“I want to know you’ll stay, at least until I get back from this job.” Rohan sighed into her hair.
“Then get rid of Felicity.” Her words sounded harsh against the backdrop of their earlier passion. Even saying the woman’s name stripped the glow from their union.
“Ah.” Rohan shifted behind her and something cold touched her ankle. Emma jerked away before pushing her hand beneath the covers. He batted her hand away. “Leave.”
“What is it?” Emma reached out her fingers again and Rohan seized them, drawing them forward and clasping them against her sternum. He nuzzled his nose against the back of her hair and she shivered.
“It’s the brace for my knee.” His voice sounded muffled. He tilted his head and ran his stubbled chin along the curve of her neck.
“Did it happen in Afghanistan?” Emma’s voice sounded small in the darkness.
“Yes.” The single word reply held condemnation for her absence in the aftermath.
“When?”
Rohan exhaled and his fingers settled over her waist. “Can we not talk about it?”
Emma turned to face him, eager to distract herself from the problems which daylight would usher in to ruin her peace. Rohan caught her questing fingers in his palms and enclosed them. “Just tell me when,” she insisted.
“Nicky’s birthday.” His teeth gritted against the words and he hauled the covers higher, his fingers brushing Emma’s shoulder. “He told me the date earlier when we made the slingshot. It seems strangely ironic.”
“Oh, Rohan.” Emma sighed out his name as sadness engulfed her. As she’d struggled to bring Nicky into the world, Rohan had endured his own agony continents away. “We were as useless as each other, weren’t we?”
“Da.” Rohan kissed her forehead and pulled her against his chest. Emma’s shoulders relaxed and she lost some of her hard edges.
“I like it here,” she admitted. “So does Nicky.”
“I love coming home to you.” Rohan paused as the heating turned on and the radiator clicked against the expansion of the hot water pumping through it. “I bought this house for you. Anton said you’d like it.”
Emma bit her lip. So many things had stood in their way, not least their own egos. She exhaled and gathered up her remaining threads of resolve. “You understand why we can’t stay here forever, don’t you?” She led with reason, infusing seriousness into her tone. “I made Anton a promise. Alanya can’t be trusted to have access to Nicky.” Emma paused, closing her eyes against inevitability. “Then there’s the issue of Felicity. She thinks you’re going on a dirty weekend and coming back engaged. It’s a big complicated mess. I can’t see a way past it.” Emma swallowed and her nose crinkled as though she’d pressed her tongue against a lemon. Acid stung her tongue. Christopher had proven more dangerous than she imagined. And he knew where to find her.
“I’ll fix it.” Rohan’s lips silenced Emma’s. He shifted his weight to trap her beneath him, their balance altering as he avoided touching her legs with his knee brace. A draught snaked around Emma’s thighs as his foot lifted the covers and took their fragile heat with it. “I’ll fix everything,” he promised. “Then will you stay?”
Emma’s lips parted to give her answer, but an eerie vibration stole the moment. Rohan groaned. “Sorry, vozlyublennaya. I need to take this.” He moved backwards, the sheets snagging against his legs and leaving Emma naked. She squeaked and covered herself with her arms, flipping onto her side and curling into a ball. “Sorry.” Rohan apologised again. He exited the bed backwards and flipped the sheets over Emma’s head.
Keys jangled against a belt buckle and the vibration halted. “Andreyev.” Rohan’s answer sounded abrupt. Emma held her breath at his next sentence. “Oh, hi Felicity.” He paused. “Why are you ringing at this time of night?”
Emma groaned and buried her face in the covers. Rohan’s footsteps disappeared into the hallway and the door clicked shut behind him. “This will never work,” she grumbled to herself. “It was broken beyond repair back then. It’s too late.”
She rolled onto her side and faced the door. Light from the hall lamp shone underneath in a glowing line. The low rumble of Rohan’s voice filtered through the wall. The glass of water sat on the bedside table where he put it and Emma lacked the energy to retrieve it. A headache from her binge drinking had already seized the back of her head in a vice and began spreading up the left-hand side of her brain. Emma closed her eyes and waited for Rohan to return.
A sound woke her a while later. The sky had lightened outside, the greyness of dawn infiltrating the darkness to give it a navy hue. Emma smelled the freshness of shower gel and cracked her eyes open. Rohan leaned down to retrieve his discarded clothes, an expression of concentration shaped by his angular features. His hair stuck up in a series of antennae, the lamp from the hallway adding highlights to its dampness. A towel covered him, hanging low over his hips and revealing the tiny scars dotting his skin. Emma watched him as he gathered up his trousers and grabbed his shirt by one sleeve. She leaned up on one elbow, wanting to call to him she was awake.
He turned towards the door and her jaw hung slack. Rohan’s right leg was missing from the knee down, replaced with a skin coloured cuff and a metal prosthetic leg. Scar tissue covered his thigh in degrees of ridged skin and ugly red wheals. The lamp light cast shadows which danced on the reflective joints of a metal knee. Emma held her breath until the door clicked shut behind him.
Deception and guilt mixed into a foul tasting concoction that threatened to exit without warning. Emma sat up and hugged her knees. Their whispered resolution had made liars of them both. He hadn’t told her the truth about his injuries. And he’d underlined the lie by leaving her to take a call from Felicity.
She didn’t know him at all. The heaviness between her legs reminded her of her lack of self-control. Her stomach churned.
Emma found her pyjamas on the floor near the window. She hauled them over her chilled body and listened at the bedroom door. Silence blanketed the house and she eased it open with caution. The cold floorboards bit into her bare feet as she padded across the hallway and slipped into Nicky’s bedroom. She closed the door against it and leaned against the cool wood. Her foot caught against Nicky’s suitcase and she bit back the ready swearword. On an impulse, she lifted it and jammed it against the door handle.
“It’s just me, baby,” she whispered. She lifted the sheets and slid into the cold space in the double bed. Nicky grunted and turned his back on her. Emma breathed in his little boy scent of shampoo and washing powder. His gentle snores resumed as he sank back into his dreams of soccer and friendships. Emma’s chin trembled as she held onto the tears threatening to disturb his peace. She pressed her face into the pillow. “I’ve screwed up everything, Nicky, but I’ll try my best not to screw up being your mum.”
Nicky stirred and turned over, his breath smelling of toothpaste and hot chocolate. “Mummy.” His voice sounded loud in the silence. “Mummy, cuddle me.” He shifted until his cheek rested against Emma’s chest. His slender arms wrapped around her neck in a throttle hold. “I love you, Mummy.” A yawn punctuated his words. Emma kissed his warm forehead and rested her cheek on the top of his fluffy head. She closed her eyes as peace descended over her soul. Her son was all that mattered; nothing else.
Emma clung to Nicky, waking at every little noise. The memory of Rohan’s touch on her body and the sounds of their shared ecstasy haunted her. She ran her fingers over her stomach and tamped down her growing anxiety.
The insipid daylight broke through the curtains without bringing Emma any comfort. She’d added more mistakes to her repertoire, but she’d also made a decision in the darkness. As soon as Rohan returned from his job, she’d leave Market Harborough. But not to return to Lincoln. She’d make a new life somewhere no one could find her.

Chapter 27
“Talk to me,” Rohan pleaded as Emma rolled up her clothing and stuffed it into the old suitcase. “What did I do wrong now?” He followed her across the room, his strong chest a metre from the back of her head.
“Where do I start?” Emma flung her only pullover into the battered inner, frustrated as it unrolled itself in protest. She thumped a pair of jeans on top, resisting the urge to start again.
“Vozlyublennaya, please.” Rohan’s grip on her wrists halted her progress.
“Don’t call me that!” she snapped. “Never call me that again! I’m not your beloved. Felicity is.” She blew out an agonised breath and her eyes flashed at the memory of their earlier altercation. “She called me a whore in front of the whole school.” A vein pulsed in Emma’s neck and she spoke through gritted teeth. “Nicky heard her.”
Keeping a firm hold on Emma’s slender wrists, Rohan sank onto the bed and pulled her down next to him. “I’m sorry, Em! She didn’t take our conversation well. I should have warned you.”
Emma looked down at his strong fingers, the knuckles white as they encircled her wrists. Rohan wore a white tee shirt which accentuated his tanned biceps peeking from beneath the sleeves. Emma dipped her head forward, unable to meet his perceptive blue eyes and Rohan rested his forehead against hers. Emma’s words hit the mark like gun fire. “I can’t believe you dumped her over the phone! What did you think she’d do?”
Rohan sighed. “It was more complicated than you can imagine. I kept her around because I needed to find out what she knew.”
“About what? Snitching confidential information to potential murderers? Humiliating me in front of everyone?” Emma’s voice rose.
Rohan blinked and his jaw showed as a thin line through his cheek. “No. Not that. Something else, but it’s not relevant right now. You’re my wife and I love you. I lost you once. You’re not leaving again.”
“I can’t do this, I’m sorry.” Tears bounced off Emma’s eyelashes and glistened on her cheeks like glitter. “I let a desperate need to change my circumstances cloud my judgement. We’re leaving Rohan. Today, before I wreck all of our lives.”
“I won’t let you go.” Rohan’s voice wobbled and his grip strengthened on her wrists until the skin beneath whitened. His cerulean irises glittered.
“See.” She shook her head and hopelessness settled in her belly. “Now you’re upset. We’ll end up destroying each other. Just like before.”
“We were kids before!” Rohan’s exclamation contained the hint of a sneer. “We were two kids in love with no support. I made Felicity no promises, Em! It was always about the risk she posed.”
“Risk.” Emma repeated the word and an exhausted sigh slipped from her lips. “It’s always about the risk, isn’t it?” She shook her head and her gaze strayed to the expensive fabric covering his knees. The shape looked so different as the prosthesis pushed at the material. Emma marvelled at how she never noticed it. She closed her eyes and pain pricked behind her eyelids. When she looked up at Rohan, a tear leaked from the corner of her eye and bounced off the back of his hand. “The truth is a risk, Ro. The biggest risk of all. But you’re not willing to take it, are you?”
“I don’t know what you mean.” He released a groan and stared at the ceiling. “You promised you’d stay. What do you want from me?”
“Nothing!” Emma wrenched her hands free. “I want nothing from you, Ro. Nothing.” She glared at him, her eyes flashing with hurt and disappointment.
Rohan swallowed. “Where will you go? You can’t possibly go back to that shit-hole!”
“Thanks for that kind assessment of my home!” Emma rose, her legs shaking beneath her. She took a deep breath and tossed her head in defiance, steeling herself against the mess she made every time she opened her mouth.
“Where will you go?” Rohan repeated. He braced his right arm against the headboard to stand. Emma felt the condemnation of his mistrust like a knife wound.
“I don’t know.” She shrugged and turned. Her body tensed as Rohan wrapped his arms around her from behind and pressed her shoulders back against his chest. He pushed his face into her neck, breathing in the perfumed scent of her curls. Emma sighed. “I’ll borrow the train fare from Allaine and start again.” Something stopped her shoving him away, her heart in agony with the sense of finality.
Rohan turned her with gentleness, resting his palms on her shoulders and trying to read her expression. His irises glittered with an unnatural sheen. “Tell me what to do,” he whispered. “What do you want, Em? Name it and I’ll do it. I’ll do whatever you want.”
Emma glanced around the bedroom, seeing the plush carpet and expensive furniture. She’d dreamed of such finery only to discover it meant nothing. She looked into Rohan’s eyes, her gaze unblinking. “I want the truth.”
Rohan’s momentary hesitation said more than words. When he spoke, his revelation clanged in the silence like crashing cymbals. “I wouldn’t know where to start.” He dropped his hands and took a step backwards, the movement stiff and formal. “You stay here and I’ll find somewhere else to go.” He tried to hide the tremor in his fingers by gripping the door handle.
“But you owe me nothing!” Emma exclaimed. “Just give me the divorce papers you mentioned before and I’ll sign them.”
“Divorce papers?” Rohan blinked and his head shook from side to side. A sad smile settled over his lips. “If I wanted to divorce you, I would have done it already.” His jaw tightened and he hauled the door open with a creak. He spoke without looking at her again. “I’m leaving in a couple of hours. I’ll sort everything out when I get back from this job. Take the house. I bought it for you, anyway.”
The door closed behind him and the click of his heels on the floorboards sent stabs of pain into Emma’s heart.

Chapter 28
Rohan put his phone on the counter as Emma walked into the kitchen. She clicked her tongue to Farrell. “School time,” she called and the dog rushed towards her, his tail wagging like a sail. Rohan bit his lip and stared into the distance, his eyes glazed and unseeing.
“Are you leaving today?” Emma stroked Farrell’s downy head and avoided looking at Rohan. She hadn’t understood his gift of the house, not that she’d taken it seriously. The air crackled between them, filled with tension and uncertainty. Farrell sat at her feet, his tongue lolling and his gaze flicking to Rohan and back to her as though telepathy had given him a window into their souls.
“Da.” Rohan furrowed his brow and slipped into his Slav dialect without realising. “I don’t know how long this job might take. Emma, I need you to listen to me.” He turned towards her and the sharp angles of his drawn features caused a chill to halt the motion of her fingers on the dog’s fur. Seriousness shrouded him like a cloak, foreboding engulfing Emma in its hawk like grip. Rohan swallowed as though he found speaking an effort. “This might not go well for me but it’s too late to back out now. Hack is missing. I haven’t the information I need to stay safe. My will is with a solicitor in town and his name is on my laptop under a file called ‘Emma.’ You remember the password for the computer, don’t you?”
Emma gulped and gave a weak nod. She hoped Nicky remembered because she didn’t. The charged atmosphere prevented her admitting it.
Rohan inhaled and the muscles across his chest stretched his shirt taut. His eyes glittered as though shot with diamonds. “Look, I wanted you to sign some documents the other night, but it’s too late now.”
Emma cast her gaze downwards, seeing the dog edge closer to her knees. “Divorce papers.”
Rohan gave a growl low in his throat. “No! I told you. No divorce, Em!”
Nicky clattered overhead, a giant in knee-high socks. Emma raised a hand in protest. “Rohan, I don’t understand any of this. You’re a number cruncher. How dangerous can it get? And who or what the hell is Hack?”
Rohan gripped her shoulders in his powerful hands. His weight bore down until Emma struggled to stand beneath the force of it. She tried to shake him off, his pine, cedar and juniper scent infusing her with rawness at the memory of the previous night’s passion.
“I need you to be vigilant, Em! It’s important. Don’t talk to anyone you don’t know, okay? This address is secret, but if they want to they can find it. If I don’t return, call the lawyer. Be careful, vozlyublennaya.”
“Don’t talk to anyone.” Emma repeated the words as a pervasive sickness infected her stomach and spread out to weaken her legs. “Oh, no.” An image of Christopher’s handsome face halted Emma’s ready denials. The guilty flush spread outward from her chest and caused her to tug her shirt away from her throat.
Rohan read her stress tell with painful accuracy. His fingers dug into her shoulders. “Tell me?”
Emma gulped and the words stuck in her throat. “A man came looking for you a few days ago. I found him waiting outside the front gate. He spoke like you were friends.” Emma closed her eyes to avoid the dismay stampeding across Rohan’s face. “He came in for a cup of coffee.”
“Shit!” Rohan’s fingers released her and he turned away, his hands balling into fists. When he spun around to face her, indigo storm clouds moved across his irises. “What did he say? What did he look like? Describe him.”
“Tall and dark with brown eyes.” Emma whispered the words, too afraid to admit she’d compounded the situation by going on a date with him. The scene in the nightclub morphed into terrifying clarity. He’d meant her harm because of Rohan.
“What else?” Rohan flapped his hand, his posture stiff and unyielding. Emma sensed naked violence rolling off him in waves and took a few steps back towards the door. Nicky still thundered overhead, yelling about a missing library book.
Emma glanced at the ceiling, wondering if she could drop the rest of her bombshell and escape. She’d never witnessed Rohan’s anger, understanding the slow burn of his fury but never seeing it ignited. It both terrified and enthralled her.
“What else?” Rohan gritted his teeth and ground out the words. “Did he have an accent or a way of saying certain words?”
“Irish,” Emma whispered. Lyrical, humorous, sexy. Words she couldn’t say out loud. “Belfast, I think.” She remembered him asking her to run away with him, his smile so sincere she’d believed him. Emma gave a reluctant nod. “Yes. Belfast.”
Rohan’s lips parted and he suffered a momentary stall. His mind worked at a million miles per hour, assessing, calculating and determining risk factors beyond Emma’s comprehension. His expression became blank and his fingers twitched on an unseen keyboard. Then he blinked and his eyes channelled more anger than fear. “Irish?” Rohan spat the word like a curse. “From Belfast? Not Ballysillan?”
“No.” Emma cast her thoughts back to their intimate coffee on the small sofa behind Rohan, her mind darting across the flirting and the sense of desirability Christopher had induced in her. Until he’d betrayed her. Shame deepened the hue until it consumed her cheeks and ears. She took a step towards Rohan, confession on her lips.
His phone rang and he snatched it from the counter. “Andreyev,” he snapped. He turned his back on her and listened to the person on the other end of the call. “Leaving now,” he said, lowering his voice.
Emma glanced at the door and considered sneaking away from the tension. Rohan didn’t say much, but his manner indicated affection for the person who’d called him. Emma’s shoulders slumped and she imagined Felicity pouring her honeyed tones into Rohan’s ear. Then he turned back to face her, his body less wooden and the storm abated in his eyes. No tremble afflicted the fingers holding the phone. “Thanks, Maureen. I’ll keep you updated.” Rohan killed the call and stuffed the device into his trouser pocket.
Emma blinked. Maureen. Strange how he’d never mentioned her.
Rohan lifted his jacket from the arm of the sofa. He spun it behind him and pushed his arms into its folds. He jerked his head at her, the role of the parent resumed. It diminished Emma’s autonomy, reducing her to a child again. “Keep your phone charged and with you at all times. Sleep in Nicky’s room at the back of the house and keep the dog with you if you feel afraid. If you’re in any doubt about your safety, call the police. Tell them you’re a woman alone and they’ll come.”
Emma pressed her fingers over her eyes. She gave a shake of her head, her ponytail brushing her shoulders in an arc. “So, did I not really meet Christopher from Belfast? I’m confused.” Emma dragged a hand over her face and blinked to clear the fog.
Rohan shrugged. His fingers patted his jacket over his hips. “I don’t know. It sounds like you met Hack. He was my tech and went missing a week ago.” His jaw hardened. “He screwed me over on our last job and I shouldn’t have trusted him a second time. I know better than to give second chances.”
“Hack?” Emma’s voice emerged as a pathetic squeak. Her confession died on her lips at Rohan’s statement. No second chances. A flicker of shame bit into the edges of her conscience. She would have given Christopher whatever he wanted for a single night of freedom, yet he’d based it all on a lie.
“Come here.” Rohan’s arms opened and a reflex sent Emma spinning against his chest. The years disappeared and they were kids again, sampling secret trysts and stolen kisses.
“I’m so sorry,” Emma whispered. “Please, don’t go. Stay here and we’ll sort this out properly.”
Rohan kissed the top of her head, his lips warm and sincerity in his voice. “I have to go, Em. They paid half up front. There are ramifications with backing out of a deal like this.”
“Why go if it’s dangerous?” She gripped the front of his shirt, her nails digging through the fabric and into his skin. “Stay here!”
“It’s more dangerous not to go.” He wrapped his fingers around her wrists and tugged until she released his shirt. The fabric slithered free like a portend of their fated relationship. He dropped her wrists and reached out a hand to stroke her cheek. “I love you, Emma. Nothing will change that.” His kiss burned her lips.
Emma swallowed and the action caused her voice to rasp. “Felicity thinks you’re getting married.”
Rohan closed his eyes and inhaled. “Not true. I knew someone had double crossed me and she appeared around the same time as things started to go wrong. I’ve fed her wrong information, but it’s made no difference. She’s perhaps exactly what she appears to be, a crazy woman who just wants to tick off items on her list.”
Emma opened her mouth to speak, but Rohan placed a finger over her lips. “I must go. The taxi is on its way. I’ve left you the Mercedes. Park on the street under the lights and don’t walk to school anymore. Use the car.”
Rohan’s lips pressed over Emma’s with naked hunger. His eyelashes fluttered and his irises held a familiar pain and loss in their aquamarine depths. Time transported them backwards to another place and time and Rohan’s smart suit became an army uniform. He’d left to fight a war that interested neither of them and Emma’s shoulders ached beneath the weight of history repeating itself. Rohan broke the kiss and his fingers stroked her hair back from her face. “If I come back this time, be here?”
Guilt and fear cut into Emma’s present and she inhaled a sob. “I’m so sorry, Ro. There’s so much I need to tell you. Just stay a little longer.”
Rohan frowned. A vein ticked in his throat, an emotional tell he’d never mastered. “We both owe each other explanations, vozlyublennaya. But not today.” He pressed his lips to her forehead. “Ya lyublyu tebya. I love you, Em, I love you.”
Panic seized Emma’s tongue and her words wouldn’t form into a coherent sentence. She’d thrown away their relationship for a second time and the irony cut deep. Rohan smoothed his fingers across Emma’s cheek and she saw wetness there as his hands fell to his sides. Another creature inhabited her body, one without words or the ability to tell Rohan what it meant to be his wife. She experienced the rush of excitement which had fluttered in her breast after their secret wedding in Scotland. Like a distant echo it returned and then faded. Words failed her.
Rohan’s heels dragged against the tiles as he lifted a heavy bag from the floor. “If I come home, we’ll start again. We’ll tell Nicky I’m his father and we’ll do better this time.” He smiled at her and hefted the bag. It clattered against his shin and he wavered, a mask of pain crashing down over his expression.
And the bubble around Emma burst and showered her with the foul-smelling mist of lies and misdirection. How could they begin again when he couldn’t tell her the truth about his injuries? The growing lump in Emma’s chest went into free fall, taking her heart with it into the depths of misery. Reality burned a path to her feet. They hadn’t trusted each other back then when Rohan had disappeared for months after enlisting in the army. She’d left it too late to tell him about Alanya. He’d lost his leg but continued to live the charade of wholeness. And she couldn’t tell him about her disastrous date with Christopher. Emma swallowed, knowing they had no future together.
A loud hammering echoed through the lobby and Farrell barked. “My taxi,” Rohan said. He left the kitchen and paused in the hallway. “There’s a thousand pounds in cash in a safe under the stairs.” His lips tightened into a thin line. The heavy bag unbalanced him like a wrecking ball misjudging its swing. He switched it into the other hand and the crisis ended. “Nicky knows how to get to it. Take care, Emma.”
Rohan pulled the front door open and a cold draught rushed past him as though it had waited on the threshold for entry. The taxi driver nodded to him and held his hand out for the bag. Rohan rested his hand on the door handle and turned to face Emma. Hope glistened in his eyes. “Do you think you’ll be here when I get back?”
“Yes,” she replied. The door closed behind Rohan with a dull click and Emma collapsed onto the hall sofa as her knees gave way. Farrell pushed his nose into her hands and blinked up at her, his brown eyes guileless and sincere.
Emma hadn’t lied. She would still be here. For the dog.
But not for the man who still hadn’t told her the truth or waited for her to unburden hers.

Chapter 29
“How was the date?” Allaine whispered as Emma stood next to her in the playground. Frigid air moved around their legs like a raging river as an Arctic wind stole any hint of warmth from the air. Farrell stayed glued to Emma’s left leg as though plugged into her sadness. She’d wasted the day moving around like an automaton with dread in her heart. Any sound from the street reminded her of Christopher, and she half expected him to knock on the door.
“Let’s just say I know how to pick a jerk.” Emma hung her head, misery oozing from her like a tangible cloud.
“Oh, I’m sorry!” Allaine sympathised, resting her arm across Emma’s shoulders. Farrell gave a low growl and she stepped back in surprise. “Oh. What’s wrong with him?”
“Sorry.” Emma pulled on the leash and tucked Farrell against her leg. The softness of his fur brushing her fingers grounded her. “He’s a little overprotective today. Perhaps he’s picking up on my reticence after last night.”
“Hey girls, I got the job!” Mel threw her arms around both women. “I can’t believe it. The owner wants me to start on Monday and I’m so excited!” Farrell released an impressive snarl, his body stiffening and his nose trembling as he bared his top teeth.
“Oh.” Mel jumped back as though shot. Her eyes widened, her chocolate irises flickering with fear.
“I’m really sorry.” Emma gulped. “I’ll take him home.” She turned to leave and Mel called her name. Emma turned to see the other woman reaching to touch her shoulder, but after a glance at the dog, she retracted her hand.
Mel blinked. “I worked a couple of hours practice last night. A girl at the hostel looked after Mo. Anyway, my new boss paid me. So, I got you these.” She extended her other hand and held up a paper bag. After a moment’s hesitation, Emma opened her palm. The dog leash dangled from her wrist as she took the package.
Mel shrugged. “They’re just from the all-night garage at the top of town, but you made me feel like I could start again.” Mel’s lips spread into a smile to display straight teeth and a hidden beauty. She resembled a bud experiencing its first rays of sunshine. Emma pulled the contents from the crinkling paper to find a pair of machine-knitted dark gloves. They tumbled into her palm, tiny pink flowers highlighted against the onyx cuffs. Emma’s eyes glittered with tears as the past twenty-four hours’ sadness spilled over her eyelashes, taking her resolve with them.
Nicky’s brows furrowed when he emerged from the blue door and recognised his mother’s distress. He hung around her feet, ignoring his friends’ urging to play. He gripped the fabric of Emma’s jacket in fingers which trembled.
Mel left the playground with Mohammed, her heart light and her pocket jingling with coins. Emma sensed her hurried excuses hadn’t fooled Allaine. A tangible devastation hung around her shoulders. The older woman led Emma to the park where they sat together on a bench beneath rustling oak trees. The bare branches creaked and groaned above them, dead leaves fluttering to earth as they relinquished their fragile hold.
Nicky planted himself on Emma’s knee, his slender fingers fiddling with the buttons of her borrowed jacket. Allaine pointed to Kaylee whose skinny legs struggled to give her lift on the swing. “Please can you give her a push, Nicky? I’d be grateful enough to buy some penny sweets at the corner shop on the way back to Newcombe Street.”
Conflict budded in Nicky’s blue eyes. He sat up to peer into Emma’s face. She forced a fake smile onto her lips, which she knew he saw straight through as his doubt increased. “You can go, baby. I’m fine here with Allaine.”
Nicky’s gaze flicked to Kaylee’s feeble efforts and then back to Emma. She lifted the dog leash over her wrist and pushed it into his hand. “You can take Farrell,” she told him. “Keep him on the leash but give him a little run around on the grass. I’m okay, I promise.”
The lure of the dog was enough to sway his sense of loyalty. With great reluctance, Nicky clambered from her knee like an octogenarian exiting a wheelchair. He took Farrell onto the wide swathe of damp grass but remained within earshot.
Allaine moved close enough for her thigh to bump Emma’s. “Right,” she whispered. “Let’s have it.”
Emma swallowed and her eyelashes fluttered against her cheek. “I made a terrible mistake last night. The guy didn’t like me at all. He took me to a nightclub and then set me up for an abduction.” Her fingers trembled as she rubbed them across her eyes. “I discovered this morning that he knew Rohan and had double crossed him in a deal.” Emma dipped forward to hide the flush of shame on her cheeks. She rested her forearms across her thighs and stared at the soil beneath her boots. “I’m such an idiot!”
Allaine exhaled. “I’m still stuck at the part where you said he’d set you up for an abduction. Tell me what happened.”
Emma’s cheeks burned as she recounted her terrible evening and how fun and flirtation had degenerated into fear and danger. She squeezed the bridge of her nose between thumb and forefinger. When she looked up, she saw Nicky watching her from nearby. Kaylee stroked the dog and chatted, but he stared at Emma with the face of a much older child.
“My husband will know what to do. Will’s a policeman. Come back to my place and I’ll call him.”
“No!” Emma sat up straight. “If Rohan wanted the police involved, he would have called them. He told me not to talk to anyone.” She groaned. “I haven’t even managed that! I’ve lasted a total of seven hours before blurting it all to you.” She rose with a sigh. “I need to get home. Please forget everything I just told you.”
“It’s a bit hard to forget,” Allaine breathed. “What will you do?”
Emma turned towards her with a nonchalant shrug. “I’ve sat up all night before when we weren’t safe. It’s no big deal. But Allaine, if for some reason I don’t turn up at school to get Nicky one day, please will you take him for me? Just until Rohan gets home.” She shoved away Rohan’s prediction that he might not get home at all.
Allaine’s blue eyes glittered with specks of indigo. Her lips parted in a futile plea. “Emma this is serious! You can’t ask me to do this without talking to my husband. He’s a cop. He can help you.”
“Please?” Emma’s voice rose at the end of the word. “Please Allaine? Rohan is Nicky’s father. If he comes home first and I’m not here, please let him take Nicky. I have nobody else to ask.” The barrenness of her confession rocked her resolve. Despite her tumultuous past, she’d never felt more alone. There had always been someone to help paddle her rickety canoe. Lucya. Anton.
At the thought of those she’d lost, her mind flicked to the reason she couldn’t stay long term in the town. Alanya. Her tone became urgent and Allaine stood, shoving her hands into her coat pocket. Her head shook from side to side as Emma issued a very specific instruction. “Rohan’s mother lives somewhere in this town. If the worst happens and Nicky is the only one left, you must promise me not to give her access to him.” Emma rose, her body dipping forward with the agony of her burden. Her hands wrung in front of her, the new gloves twisting in her fingers. “Please?”
Allaine groaned and threw her head back on her shoulders. “I don’t like this at all, Emma. Just let me speak to Will.”
“No.” Emma began backing away, her head shaking. Every muscle in her body trembled. She’d messed everything up in her usual inimitable style. She tried to blink away her misery, wishing it was that easy. “I’m sorry. I’ve no right to ask such a massive thing from you. Forget it. We’ll be fine.”
Allaine’s chin wobbled as she watched Emma back away from her. She reached out with shaking fingers and seized the lapel of Emma’s coat. “I’ll take Nicky,” she whispered. “I’ll keep him for you. But I’m praying it doesn’t happen.”
Relief locked Emma’s throat and rendered her speechless. Her chest heaved in a series of aborted breaths. Allaine wrapped her arms around Emma’s shoulders, her puffer jacket choking the air from her lungs. “Thank you,” Emma managed between wracked breaths. She disconnected from Allaine’s tight embrace. “I won’t forget this.”
The women walked back to where Emma had abandoned Rohan’s expensive car on the road outside the school. She’d struggled with the enormous vehicle and hadn’t lined it up parallel with the curb. Nicky stared at the jaunty angle with a grin. “I don’t think you’re very good at driving, are you Mummy?”
Emma grimaced and ignored his observation. Allaine strapped Kaylee and Nicky into the back seats and stuffed Farrell into the foot well. His fluffy ears swung like earrings as he contemplated his reduced status. Emma struggled with the gears, wincing at the strange tone of the engine as she kangarooed the car along Scotland Road.
Allaine leaned sideways and inspected the gear lever. “You need to put it into Drive,” she said, her tone helpful. “I think you’ve accidentally knocked it into Sport mode.”
“Told ya.” Nicky waggled his eyebrows at Emma and she frowned at him in the rear-view mirror.
Emma fought the steering wheel and slid the car into a space outside Rohan’s house. Allaine got out and waved her arms to help her move back and forwards until she was close enough to the curb. The children bounced free with the dog and took it in turns to swing on the front gate. Nicky dropped Farrell’s leash and the dog padded back to Emma. He gazed up at her through wide brown doggy eyes.
“You could spend a few nights at our house,” Allaine whispered. “Nobody uses the top floor anymore.”
Emma bent and stroked Farrell’s head. “Thank you, but no. I promised I’d take care of Faz.” She turned towards the gate and held Nicky’s library bag out for him to pluck from her fingers. He clambered down from the bottom rung and gave Kaylee a cute wave.
“Take care,” Allaine urged as she took her daughter’s hand. “We’ll hold you in our prayers.”
“Thanks.” Emma watched her son bound up the step to the front door. Farrell followed him, his tail swishing like a windscreen wiper. Emma released his leash and he went ahead without her. “Allaine?” Her brow furrowed as Allaine stopped and turned to face her. She retraced three of her steps before halting. Emma’s cheeks flushed as she contemplated the state of Allaine’s beautiful red dress. Her mind drifted to the warm sensation of Rohan’s hands on her soft skin, and she forced her thoughts back to the present. She swallowed. “I need to wash your dress before I give it back to you. And there’s a little rip I should mend. I’m sorry.”
“It doesn’t matter.” Allaine frowned and tipped her head sideways. “It’s the least of your problems, sweetheart.” She gave Emma a smile of consolation and turned to continue her walk home. Oblivious, Kaylee skipped alongside her, a royal blue library bag bumping against her calves.
Emma locked up the house early, securing the bolt at the bottom of the front door and pulling the curtain to cover the window. She put her phone on its charger on the kitchen counter and started dinner. Nicky fiddled with the buttons as she wrestled spaghetti into a saucepan. She glanced back and rebuked him, her tone sharp. “Leave it!” she snapped.
Nicky shrugged and spun the phone in a circle with his finger. He caught it as it skittered across the counter and plunged off the edge. “There’s no credit on it, anyway, Mummy. You can’t phone anybody, can you?” He caught it and sat it back on the shiny surface.
“No,” she admitted. Fear mingled with disappointment as she stirred a lumpy cheese sauce into the spaghetti. “Damn. We don’t have bacon.” She stopped with the wooden spoon lifted. A blob of sauce plopped into the mixture.
“It doesn’t matter.” Nicky dragged a stool across the kitchen floor and clambered onto it. He peered into the saucepan and wrinkled his nose. “We need Uncle Ro, don’t we?” he whispered. “He makes everything better.”
“I don’t know, baby,” Emma answered honestly. “I do okay, don’t I?” She wrapped her arms around his slight frame and kissed the top of his head.
“You do fine.” Nicky inhaled. “But I miss him. I’m gonna pray to my friend God. Then he’ll come back tomorrow.”
Emma gulped and clamped her teeth over her tongue. A glib, throwaway answer would help no one. They ate their dinner and Nicky played in the bath for an hour. He pretended to swim until water slopped onto the tiles and Emma extracted him. They settled into Rohan’s wide bed at the back of the house, and Emma stationed Farrell by the door. They watched the small television on Rohan’s dressing table for a while after Nicky completed his homework. He snuggled down to sleep, his fingers stroking the fabric of Rohan’s pillow and causing Emma’s nostrils to fill with the reminder of her husband’s masculine scent.
The shrill ringing of the doorbell disturbed them. Farrell got to his feet and barked. Nicky turned over and Emma stroked her fingers across his brow. “Go back to sleep, baby,” she soothed. “It’s just a dream.” Nicky pushed his thumb into his mouth and his body stilled.
Emma summoned all her courage and padded to the front of the house. She remained on the first floor and the dog ran with her, getting underfoot and almost tripping her. She left the light off in her bedroom and dropped to her knees, crawling towards the window until she could see the street. Yellow light bounced off the stationary cars lined up along the curb. The red light from an alarm blinked on Rohan’s dashboard. The visitor stood beneath the arched porch, remaining hidden from view. Farrell’s nose butted Emma’s hip and she rested a reassuring hand on the top of his head. The hard angles of his skull pressed against her hand and he released a low whine. Emma held her breath and blood pounded through her temples to obscure all other sounds. She exhaled through her lips, controlling the resulting whoosh and transferring her hand from Farrell’s head to his collar. His hackles rose beneath her fingers, rising and spiking like a cockerel’s crest. The dog’s anxiety flooded her with an increase in adrenaline. She realised too late that they fuelled each other in a rising cycle of fear.
“Please don’t let it be the Irishman,” Emma breathed. She denied herself from saying his first name and reduced him to an impersonal representation of his nationality. He deserved nothing more.
The window fogged with the warmth of her breath and she leaned back to give it a chance to clear. With no lights on at the front of the house, Emma hoped the visitor would get the message and leave. She sat back until her bottom touched her heels and practiced deep breathing, feeling Farrell’s hair smooth down along the line of his sleek body. After another extended press on the doorbell and a flurry of knocking, the visitor moved from beneath the cover of the porch and onto the path. Emma heard the clatter of footsteps and peeked through the corner of the bay window.
A blonde head bobbed back and forth as Felicity peered through the dining-room window. The streetlights glinted off the top of her hair and turned her highlights to shades of ochre and yellow. Emma watched as she checked the dining-room window and then clattered across the path and a flower bed to press her nose against the glass facing into the front hallway. Emma pursed her lips, grateful she’d closed all the downstairs curtains. Felicity slammed her open palm against the pane and Emma tensed as it rattled in the frame. “I know you’re in there!” Felicity yelled. Farrell growled and Emma dragged at his collar to stave off the ready bark.
A dog along the street yapped and another joined it. Noise grew as one set off the next in the perpendicular streets. The back-to-back gardens fuelled the sense of alarm from one dog’s territory to another as the distress calls echoed for miles.
A couple taking an evening walk paused on the footpath and stared at Felicity. She backed towards the gate and tilted her head to scrutinise the upstairs windows. “Alanya was right about you!” she shouted. Her voice ricocheted off the brick walls and reverberated off the houses opposite Rohan’s. “This is not over, Emma! You and that kid of yours will be sorry!”
Felicity’s gaze raked the windows. Emma shot backwards and overbalanced onto the dog. She hoped the dull thud didn’t carry as far as the front garden and Felicity’s eager ears. Her heart sank as Felicity’s shouts increased in volume. “I know you’re up there, bitch!” Her voice rose, infused with rage and chilling thoughts of revenge.
“Hey, I’m calling the police!” The couple on the street crossed to the other side and Emma pressed her face to the window in time to see the blue glow of a phone screen light up in the man’s hand.
“Don’t bother!” Felicity slammed the gate with enough force to leave it trembling as she clip clopped along the street towards Nithsdale Avenue. A white haze surrounded her head as her breath hit the fetid air as curses.
Emma slumped to the floor and heaved a sigh of relief. She crawled back to bed on her hands and knees, the dog following so close that his breath warmed her heels.

Chapter 30
Emma woke with a start, as though she’d just closed her eyes. She groaned as Nicky bounced from the bed with enthusiasm. “I like Uncle Ro’s bed, Mummy. It’s squishy.” He skipped across the floor and dropped to his knees to pet Farrell.
“Mmnn.” Emma pressed her face against Rohan’s pillow and pleaded with a God who didn’t seem to like her much. Nicky’s shrill voice sounded overloud in the darkness. She rolled onto her back and contemplated telling him the truth about Rohan. But the words stuck in her throat, making a liar of her. She’d do it when Rohan got home, spreading the responsibility as though it would guarantee his tenuous return.
For the next three weeks, Emma drove her son to school in the Mercedes, wrestling the expensive vehicle around the narrow Market Harborough streets. Rohan’s house seemed strange without his gentle presence, and she avoided going back to it. She wondered about the archiving job but venturing into the school office to enquire meant speaking to Felicity. So, she relied on the cash Rohan had left to sustain her and Nicky and allowed fate to cast her into a fragile limbo.
Avoiding the silence of Rohan’s house or the risk of running into Alanya, Emma explored further afield, trespassing over the invisible border into Northamptonshire. Farrell rode on the passenger seat, creating a line of nose moisture on the window. The car cruised through rolling green countryside with ease, and she grew braver behind the wheel each day. At the end of the first week, she chanced upon a layby on a quiet country road. Driving sleet forced her to pull over and park for a while until the angry clouds moved south to douse a rural population. Emma leaned her head back against the seat and closed her eyes, tuning out the whisper of snow coating the car. “Just come home, Rohan,” she pleaded. “This is ridiculous.” His lack of contact ate into her, punishing her for straying with the Irishman. Or heralding the disaster Rohan had warned.
A red brick manor house with sandstone detail stood on a hill above the road. Neglect stained its gothic facade, and empty black windows stared unseeing through the blizzard.
Emma imagined herself as the lady of such a manor, holding court in her morning room and drinking tea from a delicate china cup. The thought amused her, but the archivist in her cried out to the history of the house. She visited again the next day and then the next, parking in the layby and studying the proportions and architecture. The ornate gates deterred unwanted visitors, denying her closer scrutiny of the building.
Emma found a pair of binoculars in Rohan’s bureau and stuffed a wad of printer paper into an old leather file. She returned to the layby the next day to study the house in more detail. The proportions of the main house appeared to predate the Norman Conquest and piqued her curiosity. Her deft fingers sketched its outline on the paper, hoping to enlist Nicky in an internet search on Rohan’s computer. The satellite navigation on the Mercedes gave her a rough address, although it protested she’d driven into the middle of nowhere. A dull metal sign on the locked gate offered the name of the house, but Verdigris staining made it unreadable. Emma attempted a pencil rubbing between snow showers but achieved only sodden wet paper for her efforts. Farrell stood on the verge and watched her through his knowing brown eyes. He liked to sit in front of the gates as though expecting admittance. His optimism made Emma smile. But even Allaine knew nothing about the area, and Nicky’s searches revealed an ancient battle site but no house.
By the middle of the third week after Rohan left, Emma had learned the route from the school to the house by heart. The landmarks and road signage offered familiarity and constancy in her fragile world. She’d discovered three alternate routes which added variety and a sense of acclimatisation.
Emma found an old camera abandoned on a dusty shelf in the hall cupboard that evening. Its case contained an unused roll of film still in the plastic wrap. Nicky pulled a face when she asked for help to install it. “I don’t even know what that is,” he replied with scorn. He turned the ancient camera over in his hands. Dating from the late nineteen sixties, its heaviness bent his hands back on his wrists. “Other people just take photos on their phones.”
Emma sighed. “My phone doesn’t have a camera.”
“What do you need to take photos of, anyway?” He posed and stuck out his tongue, his pyjama bottoms sagging over his hips. “Take one of me. Let me see it.”
Nicky lost interest when Emma explained it needed to go to a shop for processing. Her mission seemed pointless against the realisation she might no longer find a shop capable of developing the film. But she wrestled the canister into the camera’s film compartment and allowed herself a skip of excitement at the prospect of visiting the manor. Decent photographs would help in her search to find its history. The project filled her days and helped pass the time until Rohan’s return. Reality would rush in fast enough then.
Emma crossed the Leicestershire border into Northamptonshire after leaving Nicky at school the next day, the Mercedes humming along the country road. She drove towards her usual parking spot in the layby. Farrell hadn’t liked her leaving him at home and the old camera bounced on the passenger seat next to her, streaks of dust still dotted around its case where she’d wiped it. Emma halted the car in the middle of the narrow road, dismayed at the unexpected volume of traffic. No space remained in the layby and cars lined the grass verge on either side of the road. “What’s happened?” she mused. Disappointment tightened her chest. She couldn’t hang around taking covert photographs with an audience.
Emma cruised along the road until she reached the front of the line of parked cars. The verge squelched beneath the heavy tyres and the Mercedes listed sideways as though threatening to sink into the ditch next to the road. By the time Emma had engaged the hand brake and parked the gear lever, four more cars had pulled up in front of her.
“I’m here now. I might as well see if I can take a few pictures,” she promised herself. She snatched up the camera and the folder with clean sheets of paper. She’d snagged one of Nicky’s better pencils and intended to make a decent rubbing of the name plate. The town’s small library might know something about the manor’s story. They’d asked for the name on her first visit and she’d promised herself she’d find it.
She emerged from her vehicle filled with renewed determination. Her actions were curious but not illegal. The wind had different plans. It flipped open the flap of the folder and whipped the first few pages free, hurling them along the road. They danced over a wire fence and continued their haphazard journey into a nearby field. Emma’s boots sank into the wet mud and her sock grew damp from the hole she’d ignored in the sole.
“Oh dear!” A woman dressed in a smart suit cried out as she lurched for the next escaping sheet of paper. Emma slammed the flap closed and tucked the folder under her arm. “Bad luck,” the woman called. “Was it something important?”
“No.” Emma shook her head and gave a shrug of disappointment. As the wind tore at the folder, she wrestled it back into the car and dumped it on the driver’s seat.
“It’s so windy up here, isn’t it?” The woman drew level with her and Emma forced a smile onto her face. She stuffed the pencil into her pocket, her mission reduced to something foolish and irrelevant.
“Jade Blackstock.” The woman stuck a manicured hand out and Emma stared at it in confusion. “Harper and Cunard.”
“Right.” Emma galvanised herself enough to shake the proffered hand. Warm fingers clasped hers.
“Come on then, you’d better get in. It looks like they’re lining everyone up outside the front.” Jade turned away. Her boot heels made sucking noises as they sunk into the grass verge.
“Of the house?” Emma’s hand fluttered in front of her face. “Are people going inside the house?”
“Well, yes. How else do you think they’ll do it?”
Emma understood the question even less than the statement which preceded it. She slammed the car door and activated the central locking. The key slid into her jeans pocket and she scurried after the woman, drawing the zip of Rohan’s jacket up to her chin. “What’s happening?” she demanded, puffing to catch up to Jade.
“Aren’t you here for the auction?” Jade stopped dead and Emma pitched sideways to avoid running into her.
“What auction?”
“Right.” A vertical line split Jade’s brow and she stared at Emma’s borrowed jacket and the frayed hem of her jeans. She took a step backwards to put distance between them. “My mistake. Sightseers aren’t allowed in, so I shouldn’t bother. They’ve got security.”
“Is someone selling the house?” Emma struggled to finish the question as the wind stole her words. A flicker of heat began in her chest at Jade’s veiled judgement based on her appearance.
The woman shook her head. “Just some of the contents. Must dash!” She clopped towards the gates, clumps of mud falling from her heels and making a trail behind her.
Emma dug her hands into her pockets and shivered on the verge. A draught near her big toe informed her the hole in her boot had widened. Another smart crowd of buyers streamed through the open gates, jostling Emma aside as they walked and chatted as though she didn’t exist. She balled her fists in her pockets and hated feeling invisible.
“Are you going in or what?” A security guard appeared behind her, waving his arm toward the gate. “You can’t stand here. People can’t get past you.”
“Am I allowed?” Hope leaked through Emma’s voice. She regretted leaving the camera on the seat. They wouldn’t let her inside the house, but she might look around outside and find some historical snippet to continue her search for information.
“In or out? But don’t stand there.” The security guard turned away, heaving his fleshy arms into a bright yellow jacket. “Ten more minutes,” he shouted to a group of stragglers. “Get your passes ready for my colleagues on the door. If you’re not in when it starts, tough luck.”
“Charming!” an older woman bit. She clutched a wide-brimmed hat in her left hand and battled the breeze trying to snatch it from her head.
Emma slid in behind her, using her as a windbreak and taking her first footsteps along the sweeping driveway. Oak trees looked down on her, their branches bare and weathered. Fresh growth rustled like whispers over her head, telling secrets and inviting confidences. The train of people struggled up a natural incline towards the imposing house, halting at a road cone flanked by another security guard.
Panic made its way into Emma’s senses, raising her heart rate and highlighting her error. Her foolishness returned to bite her. They wouldn’t let a stranger wander the extensive private grounds alone. She turned back, met by the following tide of people. Protests ensued and her halt caused chaos. Reassessing her options, Emma decided to walk as far as the next security guard and then wait until she could turn around and go back to the gate. She planned sentences in her head, readying herself for embarrassment and ridicule.
A giggle to the left drew her from her mental wrangling. “Ooh, this is such fun, isn’t it?” An elderly lady wearing a beret sloped along next to Emma. A wide grin split her lips, which she’d slathered in pink lipstick. “How did you hear about it?” she demanded.
“About what?” Emma leaned closer to hear the frail voice against the wind ripping round their heads.
“The auction, dear. Did you see it in the papers?”
“Oh, somebody told me,” Emma replied, sticking to the truth as she noticed Jade ahead in the slowing queue. The woman’s voice carried despite the wind, and she’d aligned herself with a man in a business suit and tie. The flimsy fabric of the paisley tie flapped over his shoulder like a tongue until the next heady gust flung it into the side of his face. Jade’s expensive mac whirled around her legs as though trying to trip her. Emma tamped down the uncharitable hope that it succeeded.
“I’m not dressed for this.” Emma glanced behind her. The queue had grown as the security guard slowed down the process. “I wonder if he’ll let me just turn around and go back to my car.”
“Don’t be silly.” The elderly lady clutched Emma’s arm, fitting her gnarled fingers through the crook of her elbow. “Why would you want to leave?”
“I don’t belong here,” Emma admitted. She leaned sideways and lowered her voice. “I’d hoped to take photos of the building. I’m interested in the house’s history.”
“Wonderful.” The woman blinked. A false eyelash stuck to her eyelid and hung there. “I’m glad someone is.”
Emma frowned. “What do you mean.” She revised her question and cocked her head. “I can’t find any information about it. Parts of it appear Norman, but I’m not so sure now.” She lifted her gaze to the long sash windows. The house looked even more imposing at close quarters as it towered over her.
The woman grinned, her smile beatific despite the lipstick which had spread over the edges of her thin lips. “I’m not here to buy anything. My mother was a lady’s maid between the wars. This is a stroll down Memory Lane for me. Mother continued doing the washing and ironing for the lady of the house after she married. We called here once a week on the horse and trap.” She dug her fingers into Emma’s forearm as her rubber-soled shoes tripped over one another. When she continued to grin, Emma realised she’d given a little skip. “I’m so excited to be here.”
Emma’s brown eyes lit with enjoyment as the old lady’s enthusiasm revived her. The long queue snaked past the security guard and towards the front steps.
“I’m Freda.” The old lady patted Emma’s elbow. Watery blue eyes crinkled at the corners. Emma returned the greeting, but her pulse raced as they grew nearer the security guard. Freda gripped her arm with surprising strength and Emma delayed telling her she’d need to leave her soon.
“The old kitchen’s long gone now.” Freda’s voice rose to a shout as she fiddled behind her left ear. The wire of a hearing aid moved beneath her hair. “It was at the north end of the house under the existing kitchen. Mother and I used the back stairs to the first-floor laundry. She packed everything up into baskets to carry it back to the cart.” An alarming cackle competed with the howl of the wind. “The master had his underwear made in London because he was so fat.” Freda gave a high-pitched giggle which drew the collective attention of those around them. Emma noticed Jade glance back at her before giving a sneer of distaste.
Emma leaned down to whisper in Freda’s ear. “I wish I could walk around with you, but I think they’re about to throw me out. I don’t have a pass.” Emma jerked her head to where the queue snaked through the wide front doors. “That guard is checking names. Mine isn’t on there.”
Freda bounced on the spot and gave Emma a cute smile. Her top set of false teeth crashed down onto her bottoms. Emma gulped. Freda used her fingers to shove everything back into place. “You’re with me,” she stated, as though it made a difference.
A couple in jeans and heavy jackets split off from the queue and started back along the driveway. The security guard gave a nonchalant shrug.
“What’s happening?” A man behind Emma sounded nervous.
Jade turned, ready with an answer. Her self-important tone left Emma grinding her teeth. “It’s by invitation only. My husband registered me as a buyer. We’re antique dealers.” Her reply increased the level of unrest behind her.
“Do you have an invitation?” Emma leaned down to ask Freda the question. The old lady shook her head and clutched at the fabric of her hat as the wind threatened to lift it. “Then maybe we should just leave,” Emma whispered. “I can help you back to your car.”
“I caught the bus and walked from the main road.” Determination crept into Freda’s voice. “I’m going inside this house. They will not stop me.”
Emma closed her eyes and bit back the curse. She hadn’t planned on getting herself arrested. Freda turned wide, tearful eyes to face her and she gulped, wondering at what point Freda would accept defeat. She clutched the frail arm against her ribs as the carefree sense of fun dissipated like steam.
The security guard asked questions, splitting the crowd into those who could enter and those who needed to walk past the gathered queue and make their way back to the road. Emma distracted herself by noting particular architectural features. White shutters flaked their paint to the bare wood, having failed to protect the original sash windows. The disquiet grew as more people turned away, forced to backtrack along the driveway.
Emma tensed, a tremor beginning at her soaked toes. She couldn’t decide if fear of the inevitable or the icy wind generated it.
“Thank you!” Jade trilled her glee and clopped past the first security guard. Her heels kicked up gravel in a fine spray behind her triumphant walk. The couple in front of Emma turned back towards the gate.
Emma held her breath as they drew level with the cone. Freda leaned across her and dug a gnarled index finger into the padded coat stretched across the guard’s coat. “Young man,” she said, her tone commanding. “I’m a hundred tomorrow. What do you think to that?”
The guard gave a disinterested jerk of his chin and waved towards his colleague at the front doors. “Congratulations.” He sounded like he didn’t believe her. Freda released another heady cackle and shoved Emma past the cone.
The crowd around the front doors had dwindled. Emma glanced behind her to see a group turned back down the driveway. They grumbled in loud tones, which the guard ignored. “What the hell?” Emma demanded as Freda barrelled towards the doors and the next hurdle. “Are you a hundred tomorrow?”
Freda halted and peered up at her from beneath the beret. The wind gave a valiant tug and the mop of blonde hair moved with it. Freda clamped a hand over hat and wig. “No!” She sounded insulted. Her sensible shoes scuffed the gravel. “Do I look it?”
Emma shook her head and tried to appear convincing. The entertaining interlude had a limit of thirty seconds; the time it would take them to reach the second guard. Freda shuffled close to Jade’s heels, but the woman appeared to be in difficulty.
“My husband registered!” Her protests echoed inside the vast lobby beyond the front doors. “We’re interested in the Edwardian stuff.” She tossed her head and delivered her caveat. “As long as it’s not fake.”
A man with a black mackintosh over his pinstriped suit stood next to the security guard. He shivered in the icy wind and a clipboard bounced in his fingers. “I’m sorry, madam. You’re not on the list.”
“This is a sham!” Jade argued, her voice shrill with indignation. “My husband declared our interest online last week. I want that Queen Anne chair!”
“My apologies, madam. Please make your way back down the driveway to the gate.”
Emma gulped. She looked down at Rohan’s jacket and her ripped jeans. Water seeped from the sole of her boot to darken the gravel beneath her foot. She gripped Freda’s arm and closed her eyes, bracing herself for the inevitable disappointment when forced to follow Jade.
“Out of the way please, madam.” The security guard sounded respectful as he moved Jade away from the man in the mac. She continued her loud phone call and alternately berated the guard. The two conversations melded into one hysterical rant. “But you promised you’d talk to them, Peter!” she screeched down the handset. The guard nudged her elbow, and Emma and her new friend faced the man at the door.
“Name please, madam,” he said, directing his question at Emma.
Freda cocked her head and fiddled with her hearing aid. “Pardon?” The device behind her left ear made a piercing squeal.
Emma stuck her finger in her left ear and dug into her mind for one of the apologetic sentences she’d practiced. “Emma Andreyev.” She choked on the name she’d never used as her tongue fed it through her lips and into the air. She jerked in surprise. It wasn’t what she’d planned to say.
The man nodded and ran his fingernail down the list. When he looked up, he stared at Freda. “And your name, please, madam? Are you with Mrs Andreyev?”
“Yes.” Emma spat the reply, laying familial claim to the entertaining pensioner.
“I used to come here when I was a little girl, young man,” Freda stated, her hearing aid competing with the incoming Arctic breeze. “My mother was a lady’s maid for the eldest Ayers girl. Mother had me at sixteen.” She leaned closer to the man’s chest and whispered to the shiny buttons of his mackintosh. “My father was the wayward son of this house. Lady Ayers always took a very special interest in me.” She tapped the side of her nose. “They kept everything quiet in those days, but my mother had an annual allowance until the day she died.” She gave a squeak of pleasure and her bowed spine straightened. Her chin tilted upwards so she could eyeball the man with her rheumy eyes. “I’m the bastard daughter of this house.”
Emma gasped and held her breath. The man gave a blink and she sensed a sliver of hope. “She’s a hundred tomorrow,” she gushed, her words emerging with emphasis. “It seems a shame to disappoint her.” She fixed her arm around Freda’s slender shoulders and squeezed.
The man pulled two glossy brochures from a stand next to him. “Go on through ladies. The auction begins at ten o’clock sharp. Please help your grandmother on all the stairs, Mrs Andreyev.” He raised an eyebrow at Emma. “She’s your responsibility.” He flashed his white teeth between his chattering lips. Emma frowned at his assumption of her married status. She could have been Miss Andreyev.
“Come on, dear.” Freda tugged at Emma’s arm and looked at her with expectation. “I want to show you where I was conceived.”
Emma glanced over her shoulder to find Jade glaring at her. She helped Freda up the steps and over the raised threshold before twinkling her fingers at the other woman. Jade gave a low snarl and turned her back on them. Emma stepped into the wide lobby and paused as the house enfolded her in its silent embrace.

Chapter 31
Emma’s breath caught in her chest as she passed through a second set of outer doors. Another security guard stepped back to allow her past him. An enormous reception hall echoed with the sound of footsteps and excited visitors. “Wow!” Emma breathed. Her mind played through images of ladies in ball gowns. Their misted bodies swirled around her as they disrobed from expensive stoles, their skirts swishing across the original oak floorboards and up the sweeping staircase. The brochure in her hand trembled.
“Just as I remembered.” Freda clapped her hands and the sharp sound ricocheted off the panelled walls.
Emma turned the brochure over and inspected a simple floor plan. “This hall is over twelve metres long!” she hissed. “And six metres wide. But this is only the entrance!”
“Yes, dear.” Freda’s head bobbed up and down like a doll’s. The fluffy woollen pom-pom on her beret danced with the motion. She stared around her, blue eyes bright with elation. “Oh look, it’s still there!” She limped towards the far wall and ran her gnarled fingers across the panelling. Emma gave the security guard a tight smile before following her.
“What’s the matter?” Her eyes widened as Freda pitched forward as though falling. Emma caught her arm.
“There! There!” Freda pointed at an ugly chip on the skirting board which met the panel with a neat joint. Her outstretched finger swayed on the end of her thin wrist.
“A dent?” Emma winced and glanced at the security guard. “We didn’t do it,” she assured him as he frowned and turned his feet in their direction.
Freda creaked upright and hugged herself, her eyes sparkling. “Mother came to get the laundry and I wandered off, pretending to follow my spinning top.” She squeezed her eyes tight shut. Her false eyelashes fluttered, the one on her eyelid obstructing its closure. “I was a wilful child. Mother’s stomach bulged with yet another red-haired half-brother and I resented my step father’s heavy hand. I overheard him arguing with Mother a few days earlier and learned the secret of my parentage. The Master’s family were visiting London, leaving the maids to keep the property aired. So, I decided to find my father’s room and leave the spinning top for him as a gift.” Lines deepened in her forehead. “I’d always known I didn’t belong to their marriage. A child often senses these things.” Her eyes snapped open and she smiled at Emma. “It’s a terrible thing for a child never to meet their father.” She tapped her sternum with a forefinger swollen by time and arthritis. “It leaves a space right here.”
Emma gulped and bit the inside of her cheek. Rohan’s plea returned as an echo in her mind. “What happened?” she whispered. Other visitors streamed past them, brochures clasped in their fingers.
“I ran off on the pretence of chasing my spinning top. Mother called me but I pretended not to hear her. I found myself in this hall and imagined what it might be like to arrive in a ball gown and enter through those doors as a family member. I was eight years old and still believed in fairness and justice.” The slender bones of her chest lifted as she inhaled a breath laced with sadness. “Just for a moment, I picked up my skirts and danced like I belonged here.” Freda seized her corduroy skirt and lifted it high, revealing a pair of wrinkled stockings and bare, white knees. She twirled with an unsteady gait and the little knot of bargain hunters stopped to watch her from an overhead gallery. “I whirled and waltzed with abandon. Then I bumped right into my father.”
Emma gasped and her heart hammered loud enough to dull all other sounds. Freda’s lips moved and Emma strained to hear her story. “I knew him straight away. It’s curious how blood calls to blood.” Knotty joints bent as Freda placed her fingers over her pink lips. “He looked so handsome. I’d seen his fine shirt in Mother’s laundry basket many times. He hadn’t gone to London and he stood right there.” Freda’s fingers fluttered to an unseen space beside Emma. “He picked me up and swung me around like a princess. I laughed and dropped my spinning top. It hit the wall and took out that chip of oak. I thought he might reprimand me, but he didn’t. He set me down on the ground and kissed the top of my head.” Freda patted the crown of her beret as though the invisible kiss remained. “I saw him only twice more from a distance. But then he enlisted in the army. He went off to war and never returned. Like so many others.”
Emma bit back the choking sensation in her throat at the thought of Rohan, another casualty of human frailty. Tears of sadness welled up in her eyes at the unfairness of life and the premature death of her own father. Two women deprived of fathers through no fault of their own.
Nicky’s beaming face chastised Emma with her secrecy. His attachment to Rohan demonstrated how much he needed his father. She gulped and gave a little hiccough. Freda opened her eyes and reached out to touch Emma’s elbow. “Oh, don’t be sad for me, dear. I’m ninety and I’ve had a marvellous life. I’m satisfied with my achievements.” She smiled at Emma with a wealth of supernatural perception behind her expression. “Besides, we can’t right all the wrongs, can we?”
Emma froze as Freda’s words condemned her. Her fingers shook and the brochure danced in her hand. She gulped and Freda’s brow knitted in concern. The elderly woman’s light touch on her arm forced Emma to collect herself. They proceeded to the end of the reception hall and into another enormous room to the right.
“This is the ballroom,” Freda said. She examined the threadbare curtains which hung from ceiling to floor, her head shaking with sadness. “This used to be so beautiful,” she said with a sigh. Resting a gnarled hand on the back of an old chaise lounge, she stroked the fragile fabric and screwed up her face. Once a fashionable chintz, the colours had faded beneath the reflected glare of many summers. “I can understand why they’re getting rid of everything. It’s ruined.”
“But the right buyer could restore it back to beauty,” Emma gushed. The archivist in her offered a hollow reassurance. The furniture needed more than a face lift from an expert. She studied the auctioneer’s brochure, comparing the images to the sad items in the room. The prices looked exorbitant. The revenue from the Queen Anne chair in the corner would feed Emma and Nicky for six months.
Emma heaved out a breath and followed Freda into the adjoining room. “This is the morning room,” she read aloud. A grey winter light kissed dusty furniture which slouched beneath its caress. The once polished surfaces craved the loving touch of a butler’s gloved hand as he refreshed the faded drinks cabinet. An oppressive atmosphere upheld a sombre darkness.
Two men whispered in the corner. They eyed a sideboard with covetous glances. “I can French polish these marks out,” one of them said. His index finger stroked a dented corner. “Let’s see where the bidding starts and then try to win it.”
“There isn’t much here, dear.” Freda clutched Emma’s arm as they wandered into the drawing room. Its size matched the reception hall on its other side. “I wonder what happened to the rest of the furniture.”
“The rest?” Emma glanced down at the brochure again. “I suppose it is rather empty. Maybe the last owner stripped it.”
Freda gave a derisive snort. “The last Ayers family member declared bankruptcy four years ago, and included the furnishings in the property’s sale. My dear friend wrote to tell me. What a shame. All the best pieces are probably long gone. But there should still be something here that I would recognise.”
Emma walked at Freda’s pace, supporting her arm and no longer interested in the house. The woman’s prophetic words hung over her like an omen. We can’t right all the wrongs. She wondered what she’d done to make happiness evade her with such deliberate intention.
They progressed through an unfurnished dining room and a library filled with dusty books before finding the industrial kitchen at the end of a downstairs corridor. Freda opened and closed each of the old wooden cupboards. “The cook was Mrs Daventry. Mother called her a slave driver. She slapped my bottom once for stealing cherry tomatoes from the top of a pie.” Freda snorted and clapped her hand over her mouth. A squeak of mirth escaped. “I was such a naughty girl!”
Emma’s heart increased its pressure in her chest with every passing room. Rohan’s absence weighed on her, and guilt nudged her soul into a state of turmoil. Freda needed help up the back stairs to the rooms on the first floor, taking each step on fragile bones and gnarled, arthritic feet. “I used to run up these!” she exclaimed, puffing on the middle step and causing a bottleneck behind her. “Damn old age!”
“Hey!” Emma snapped at a man in a smart suit who attempted to push past them. “Have some bloody respect!” she bit. Her eyes flashed like black coals and he took a step backwards, standing on the toes of the woman who followed in his wake. Emma felt like a harpy, taking her anger and disappointment out on everyone around her. We can’t right all the wrongs. Freda’s words tortured her, causing a diaphanous void in her gut.
Most of the crowd behind disappeared, using the main staircase up to the first and second floors. Freda made it to the first floor landing, cheering and waving her tiny fists as though she’d scaled Everest in a tweed jacket and corduroy skirt. Her left stocking wrapped round her ankle like a skin coloured, gossamer scarf. Emma bent and hauled it up for her, restoring her dignity just as one of the suited men from the auction company jogged up the steps behind them.
“Excuse me, madam.” He stood on the landing and looked at Emma. “The auctioneer would like to speak to you, please.”
“Me?” Emma looked around her, eyes wide with fear as she pointed at her own chest like a schoolgirl. The man nodded and indicated the stairs behind him.
“Yes, madam. Now please.”
Emma’s knees wavered at the seriousness in the man’s brown eyes. Imposter syndrome seized her voice. They’d realised she shouldn’t have gained admittance and intended to escort her off the property. She shot a look of desperation at Freda, who met the unexpected challenge with flair. Drawing herself up to her full shrunken height, she fixed an authoritative blue eye on the young man. “Do you know who I am?” she demanded. A flap of her hand negated his answer. “I’m the bastard daughter of Geoffrey Ayers. I intend to look around his home before you people chop it up into fancy apartments. My friend and I have just hauled my sorry ass up these stairs at substantial cost to our sanity. I shall not be going down again in a hurry!” She twinkled her fingers at Emma, waiting until she reached her side to wedge her fingers under her elbow. “Come on!” she hissed through the side of her mouth. “I want to see where I was conceived. Help me find the laundry room.”
Emma glanced back as the young man from the auction house raised his hand and then dropped it again. He fiddled with the black buttons on his immaculate jacket and called after her, “I’ll tell the auctioneer you’ll come in a minute.” Then he turned and left, pattering down the stairs but glancing up at Emma twice more. As soon as his feet hit the oak boards of the reception hall, Emma heaved a sigh of relief.
“I need to get out of here!” She tugged Freda’s birdlike arm. “I shouldn’t be here. The auctioneer wants to throw me out and I should leave before that happens.”
“But I want to look at my father’s room.” Freda’s wizened face crumpled like a naughty child’s. “I want to see where Geoffrey slept.”
Emma ran her hand through her hair, her index finger snagging on a windblown curl. “Fine!” she agreed. “One more room. But do you know of a back way I can use to avoid humiliation?”
Freda’s face curved into a beautiful smile, and Emma glimpsed the wayward child who’d once danced in the reception hall. She tapped her nose with a crabbed finger and grinned. “Oh, yes,” she whispered. “I know the perfect route.”
Freda held Emma’s hand and they scurried to a room at the south end of the building. Emma glimpsed a four-poster bed through the doorway of a master suite she would have loved to view. She clutched the brochure, which described a dressing room and ensuite bathroom attached. Peeling flock wallpaper hung in swathes over their heads and missing plaster showed patches of wooden lath. “In here, dear. Father slept in here.” Freda yanked Emma to the right just before the master bedroom. Her urgent steps rapped against the oak floors like a much younger woman’s.
Her gnarled fingers twisted a brass door handle and she ignored the sign which stated, ‘No Admittance.’ The door creaked open to reveal a room renovated to perfection.
A beautiful four poster bed graced its centre, the bedspread matching the subtle powder blue of the walls. French style furniture bore the classic chic and white with distressed edges and a golden, crackled sheen. The ensuite contained a modern shower and a white claw footed bath sat across the far corner. Something about the decor resonated with Emma and she shook her head to clear the confusion.
“This isn’t right! Father wouldn’t like this!” Freda communicated veiled hysteria with the stamp of her foot. “It’s French. He hated the French. John told me so.”
Emma flapped her arms to silence the old lady, terrified the official from the auction house would return. “Let’s leave,” she suggested, taking a firm grip of Freda’s elbow.
“This isn’t right at all.” Freda shook her off with surprising strength. She hauled open the drawer of a tallboy and Emma froze. A familiar scent stirred her memory and she reached for it, frustrated when it drifted free.
“What’s that smell?” she demanded. “Why do I know it?” Like Rohan’s sage and musky scent, it grew in strength as Freda dug around in the next drawer and the next.
“Someone lives here!” she snapped. Her fingers hauled out underwear and socks. “This is someone’s room.”
Emma’s eyes widened as she recalled the notice on the door. “We need to leave!” she hissed. “I’m going now.” She strode towards the door and hauled it open, peeking out into the corridor. A group filed down the main stairs halfway along, their attention on their brochures.
“Where are Father’s things?” Freda pleaded. A pair of boxer shorts tumbled from a bottom drawer as she scrabbled inside it.
Emma blinked in shock. Almost seventy years had passed since the end of the Second World War. Geoffrey Ayer’s personal effects would be long gone. “I’m sure they’re somewhere here,” she soothed. She flapped a hand towards the door. “I’m in trouble, Freda. I need you to get me out of here now, like you promised.” Emma let the urgency seep through her voice and to her relief, Freda dropped the sock in her hand and gave a reluctant nod.
“We’ll use the back stairs.” She shuffled towards Emma, her steps heavier than when she’d entered the room. She took Emma’s hand and they walked in silence. Freda took the steps one at a time and Emma jumped at the sound of a crackled voice testing a sound system.
“Testing, testing, one two three.” A male throat cleared, sounding horrible through the microphone. “Gather round, ladies and gentlemen. We’ll begin with the lots at the start of your brochures.”
Freda led Emma to the end of the long, downstairs hallway. She veered left and lifted a rope barrier which declared the area out of bounds. Emma groaned, knowing she’d left it too late to break away on her own. She ducked under the rope and held it for Freda to creak underneath it. “This is the old coach house, dear.” Freda’s voice sounded muffled as she remained bent double for the next few paces. “We’ll leave this way, then they won’t notice us from the main house.”
Emma yanked her sleeves over her fingers as she cranked the Yale lock and hauled open the door. “We don’t want to leave fingerprints, do we?” She pursed her lips as Freda’s eyebrows disappeared into her grey fringe.
“But we did nothing wrong.” Hurt and injustice laced her tone.
“Never mind,” Emma whispered. “I read a lot of detective novels.” She tugged at the door knocker to pull the door closed behind them. The brass ring creaked and she set it gently against the lion’s rusty face.
Outside in the freezing air, the women made their way back down the long driveway to the gate. Emma nodded at the security guard and clasped Freda’s arm. “It was too much for my friend,” she lied. White mist left her lips as her breath froze. The guard nodded and stamped his feet to get the blood back into his toes. Freda’s steps grew slower as they reached the gate, and her tight grip on Emma’s forearm showed no sign of lessening.
“Are you okay?” Emma asked. She bent to peer into Freda’s face.
“I suppose so.” Freda swiped her free hand across her cheek and Emma winced at the sight of the tear streak which remained.
“I’m sorry it distressed you.” Emma sighed and surveyed the obliterated name plate on the ornate gate. “What’s the name of this house?”
“It’s Wingate Hall, dear.” Freda gave a vile sniff. “Owned by the Ayers family for generations. Since before the Norman invasion. They were King’s men during the civil war. It’s rumoured Henry VIII stayed at the house once on a visit from London to the parishes during the Reformation.” She tapped her nose again and peered up and down the long country road.
“How did you get here?” Emma inspected the vehicles lined up along the narrow lane. Most of them looked like transit vans belonging to bespoke furniture companies and antique dealers. A few gaps remained where the car owners were prematurely turned away from their country house visit. Emma thought of Jade’s indignation and smirked.
“I came on the bus,” Freda announced. She stared back up the driveway. “I say, is that young man waving at you?”
Emma glanced back towards the building with a start. The official from the auction company jogged along the driveway with white steam issuing from his mouth. The misty breaths obscured his expression, but his stiff body language oozed irritation. Emma stepped backwards in haste and her boots slipped on the slickness of the road. “Oh no!” she squeaked. “He wants to cite me for trespassing! But I left!” Emma cast around her, seeing Rohan’s Mercedes parked on the verge. “Why would he still chase me?”
Guilt drew Freda’s lips into a downward quirk. She pulled a small glass ornament from her jacket pocket. “I sort of accidentally acquired this.” Her eyes became diamond hard. “I think I’m entitled.”
Emma panicked. “Quick!” she barked, grabbing Freda’s arm. “Run!”
Freda shuffled towards the car and struggled to open the heavy passenger door. Emma abandoned her in favour of starting the engine. As Freda lurched into the seat and slapped her handbag onto her knee, Emma put her foot down and screeched off the verge. The tyres claimed large juicy slices of turf which they spat onto the road and the action slammed the passenger door. The auctioneer’s assistant reached the end of the driveway and lowered his hand as the car sped off towards Northampton. Emma’s heart beat an unhealthy tattoo in her ears. She jumped as Freda wound down the window and stuck her head through the gap. “So long, sucker!” she yelled at the auction house employee. Emma gaped as the wind snatched her beret and threw it high into the air.
Emma drove towards Northampton and then doubled back to avoid driving past the manor house. Freda clicked her seat belt into place, but not before the warning bell from the dashboard had further rattled Emma’s nerves. It took several attempts for her to close the window using the electronic button. As Emma took the turn back towards Market Harborough, Freda relaxed against her seat and gave a dramatic sigh. “I haven’t had that much fun since the celebrations for the millennium. And that house has changed little since 1946.”
Emma turned to stare at her. “Hang on, that makes no sense. Why would you be at the house as a twenty something year old?” Her eyes widened. “I thought you only saw your father from a distance after that day.”
Freda wiggled her shoulders and eyed Emma sideways. “Oh, there’s another part to that story. I came back here in 1946 on the day I eloped with my sweetheart.”
Emma swerved as she stared too long at Freda’s smug grin. “You what?”
Freda beamed and her false teeth ground in her jaw. “I eloped with my sweetheart at twenty-one years old.” She gave Emma a conspiratorial wink and the wavering eyelashes transferred to her fringe.
Emma released a sigh. “I eloped too,” she admitted. “At sixteen.”
“It’s exciting, isn’t it?” Freda cackled, the sound overloud and incongruous. She turned her blue-eyed gaze on Emma. “Why did you elope, dear? Didn’t your parents approve?” She clapped her hands together. “My mother didn’t speak to me again for decades.”
“I married my stepbrother.” Emma’s cheeks flushed with a familiar embarrassment. “We aren’t blood relatives, but Rohan’s mother said I was disgusting. One of her cronies told her they saw me holding his hand when I was fourteen. She said I’d go to hell.” Emma shuddered and concentrated on the road markings passing beneath them.
“Oh, that sounds much more daring than my story. Let’s go for morning tea and swap gossip!” Freda clapped her hands together like an excited child.
Emma frowned. “I think there might be a few coins in the ashtray. Please can you check for me?”
“No need.” Freda’s voice took on a sing-song tone. “My treat.”
Emma bit back her refusal. She wanted to know Freda’s story and kidded herself that its historical value attracted her to the tale. “Why didn’t your parents approve of your marriage?” she pressed. She switched on the indicator and took the next turn towards the town centre.
Freda flashed a beatific smile filled with mischief. “My stepfather turned purple with anger when John asked for my hand in marriage. It made an interesting contrast with his red hair.” She chuckled and Emma sensed the familiar pull of history as it sucked her into the post war world of the old lady’s memories. “The market looked a sorry place after the war ended. It was run by the women of the town on garden produce and the remnants of rationing. Our men trickled home, injured and broken, not the sturdy chaps we waved onto the trains. My stepfather suffered a limp from a shrapnel shard, and he self-medicated with alcohol for the rest of his days. There were no more babies for my mother, but she wasn’t sorry.”
Freda sighed. “I worked on the vegetable stall at the market in the summer of 1946. John arrived back in England at the end of the war, but he didn’t leave his house until that day. I’ve never forgotten the look in his eyes when he spotted me weighing a bag of apples. ‘My goodness,’ he said. ‘If it’s not little Freda Porter, all grown up and pretty as a daisy.’ The other women stared at us. You see, John was a gentleman and they would never have dared to speak to him. But the war changed many things, and class was just one of its casualties.”
Emma nodded to encourage Freda to continue. She imagined the poverty of the market hall and the strained relationships as Britain accepted back its war heroes. So much death stained an entire generation.
“John and I played together as children. He cut a handsome figure at the debutante balls of his youth, but as we grew, our parents forbade us from speaking. I knew his scent from the shirts I handled as Mother washed them and felt as though I’d loved him forever. And then there he was, standing right in front of me.” Freda sighed again and as Emma glanced at her, she noticed a flush creep up the old lady’s neck and into her cheeks like a caress. “I acted dumbstruck. I was just shy of my twenty-first birthday. We hadn’t spoken for over ten years. I gaped like a fish and couldn’t think of anything sensible to say.” Her fingers fluttered to her mouth and Emma’s eyes widened at the sight of tears dripping onto Freda’s skirt.
She reached out a hand and gripped the gnarled fingers in hers. She steered one handed and kept her gaze on the road. Freda sandwiched Emma’s icy hand between both of hers and lifted it to her lips, placing a gentle kiss over her knuckles. “Bless you, dear,” she whispered. “I dropped the bag of apples and they rolled in every direction. Then I told him I’d missed him.”
Freda remained quiet for the rest of the journey. Emma found the Common’s car park in the west of the town and parked the Mercedes, abandoning it with a shrug of embarrassment at the wonky angle. “I’m rubbish at driving this car,” she confessed as she helped Freda from the passenger seat.
“There are bigger storms at sea,” Freda replied, her answer cryptic.
Freda insisted they visit the busy Baptist Church coffee shop, which heaved with mothers and small toddlers. Freda dabbed at her eyes with a spotted handkerchief and studied a redheaded girl around three years old. Emma smiled at the concentration on the child’s face as she poured tea into a china mug from a metal tea pot. Freda cleared her throat. “She reminds me of my sister. Little Sophia.” She smoothed the white tablecloth with a shaking hand and then tapped it as though in rebuke. “Memories, memories.” With an effort of will, she turned to Emma with a smile plastered on her pink lips.
“Hello, Freda!” A lady in her sixties approached the table, pulling a notepad and pencil from the front pocket of her frilly apron. “Nice to know you’re out and about again.” The waitress bent and kissed Freda’s sallow cheek before greeting Emma with a smile and a nod. “What can I get you both?”
Emma’s face dropped. “I just need to nip back to the car,” she began, mentally calculating the value of Rohan’s loose change in the ashtray.
“No, no, dear.” Freda placed her fingers over Emma’s. “I told you, it’s my treat. You were the getaway driver and we had immense fun up at the big house.”
“Oh, the big house!” The waitress became animated. She rested her notepad over her bulging stomach. “Did you buy anything at the auction?”
“No. I just wanted a nosey. For old time’s sake. We came away before the auction started. I didn’t think I could bear seeing all the Ayers furniture sold for next to nothing.”
“No, you wouldn’t, dear, would you?” The waitress patted Freda’s thin shoulder. Then she took their order, scrawling onto the pad in a neat script reminiscent of the 1950s. Emma waited until she moved out of earshot before leaning in towards Freda.
“Thank you for morning tea,” she whispered, placing her hand over Freda’s. “But why is it so cheap? How can a pot of tea and scones for two add up to less than five pounds? Did she make a mistake?”
“No, dear. The church staffs this cafe with volunteers to keep the prices low. I worked two shifts every week until recently. The doctor wouldn’t renew my driving licence, so I’m waiting for a mobility scooter to arrive. Then I might come back for a few hours. It’s a great privilege to work here, and it makes a cup of tea accessible to the poorer families of our town. My husband would have approved.” Her eyes misted over again and Emma grew silent. Freda collected herself after a few moments and smiled. “I was telling you about him, wasn’t I?”
Emma nodded and leaned forward. Her eyes glittered with interest. “Yes, he approached you at the market and you couldn’t speak. Then you told him you’d missed him.”
Freda sighed. “Ah, yes. But what I didn’t tell you was my John lost an arm in the war and part of his face. He approached me because he knew I wouldn’t stare or show horror. I realised as I watched his beautiful lips move through words filled with bravado that it didn’t matter a bit. I loved him the same as my ten-year-old self when he’d kissed me behind the wall of the coach house.”
The tea arrived with a plate of scones and Emma watched while Freda buttered hers with shaking hands. “You pour, please dear,” she ordered. Emma obliged, gushing tea into the cups while she waited, desperate for the rest of the tale. Freda waited until she’d sampled her scone before resuming.
“John asked my stepfather if he could court me and the bitter old man refused. He threatened to throw me out of the house if we persisted. War is a great leveller of society, Emma. It changed everything. But John was my cousin on Geoffrey Ayers side, the youngest son of Edgar Ayers. Being first cousins and with John a son of the big house, it made our love impossible to sustain.” Freda sighed and looked at Emma. “Tell me about your young man, dear?”
“No!” Emma’s face screwed up in dismay. “Don’t do that. Don’t turn it back on me without telling me what happened!”
“I need you to talk for a while, so I can drink my tea.” Freda smiled, a twinkle in her eyes. She raised an eyebrow at Emma and left no room for complaint.
“Fine!” Emma huffed and sipped her tea. “My father married a Russian ballerina with two sons when I was six. I became attached to Anton, the younger brother, and we were inseparable. The two-year gap between us felt like nothing.” Emma smiled until the pain of Anton’s loss returned. Then her expression clouded with an all-encompassing darkness. Freda reached a hand across the table and gripped Emma’s fingers.
“And you fell in love?” she whispered.
Emma shook her head, a sad smile on her lips. “Anton liked boys. He was my best friend, but never anything more. Rohan was the older brother and I worshipped the ground he walked on from the day they first arrived. I got into a fight at school with a boy just before my twelfth birthday. He’d called Anton a faggot and stolen his bag. I lost my temper. The boy was two years older than me, so I used dirty tactics to defeat him. A crowd gathered and I sat across this boy’s chest and lifted my fist. I intended to smash it into his face. Then Rohan appeared. He was always so silent and brooding, and the other kids were afraid of his height and that inner dominance he had. He hauled me off the boy and turned to leave. Then the boy kicked my shin and I went down hard. Rohan turned and half killed him.”
Emma closed her eyes at the memory of that day. Anton had taken off home like a frightened rabbit to put Alanya off the scent. The teachers had arrived and he knew they’d ring home to report the fight. He’d disconnected the phone from the wall and distracted his mother. Emma sighed. “The fall cut my lip and I’d ripped my blouse. The headmaster couldn’t get hold of Alanya, so he made another call.” Emma’s brow creased into deep lines. “He put the phone down and told us to leave. No one at school ever mentioned the fight again.”
Freda’s eyes widened. “How strange. Who did he call?”
“I don’t know. We walked home, Rohan striding next to me in silence.” Emma smiled, the expression genuine. “Rohan gives off this odd hum when he’s angry. He’s like a kettle heating and you know you don’t want to hang around until it boils. It seemed he blamed me for everything. We reached the end of our street and this fury came out of my chest and bubbled over as temper. I hurled my school bag to the pavement and threw an almighty tantrum.” Emma covered her mouth. “Anton loved drama class. My meltdown would have impressed him. It felt fantastic to just scream and stamp.” Emma looked down at her scone. Butter slid onto the plate and created a yellow pool. “Rohan watched me throwing myself around like a maniac and then he just laughed.”
“Oh dear.” Freda’s shoulders jerked up to meet her cheeks. “One must never laugh at a lady.”
“No.” Emma shook her head. “He grabbed my wrist and yanked me behind a disused garage. I tried to slap his face and then he kissed me.”
Freda’s eyes crinkled in pleasure and she patted Emma’s writhing fingers. “And he married you as soon as you reached sixteen?”
Emma nodded. “Yes. Ro joined the army a few weeks later. They liked him. He accelerated through the ranks at speed and flourished. When he’d been in for two years, we ran away to Gretna Green and married over the blacksmith’s anvil. Ro submitted all the paperwork and Anton helped with a cover. He faked Alanya’s signature giving me permission and stole her passport to verify the documents. Ro was stationed at Cottesmore and picked me up on the way through to Scotland. Anton created this complete farce and conned Alanya into believing I went on a school trip.” Emma smirked. “She doesn’t know we married, or that we technically still are.”
“What went wrong?” Freda sipped her tea one handed. The fingers of her other hand stroked Emma’s.
Emma sighed. “I fell pregnant at the end of the first year. I didn’t have anyone to give me advice and was naïve. After I’d thrown up at school every morning for two weeks, Anton guessed. When my stomach started swelling, we hid it. Rohan had applied to his commander for a married quarter on the army base, but in the interim, the army deployed his unit to Afghanistan.” Heaviness shrouded Emma, pressing her shoulders into a defeated droop. “Then Anton went to university and left me alone with their mother.”
A soft moan of sympathy escaped Freda’s lips. “How frightening. What about your husband?”
Emma drew her shoulders higher and forced a hardness into her expression. “He came home for a weekend before shipping out with his platoon. Anton had made me promise to tell him about the baby. But we argued before I could say the words and I slammed out of the house in a temper. When I’d cooled down enough to go home, he’d already left.”
Emma gave a shuddering breath. “Anton helped me leave Lincoln. He took me to stay with a family member in Wales. I had Nicky and didn’t cross paths with Rohan again until a few weeks ago.”
“That’s so sad.” Freda’s brow knitted in concern. “Do you still love him?”
Emma shrugged. “Yes.” It seemed like a betrayal of Anton’s trust to admit it out loud. “But too much has happened.” She rolled her eyes towards the ceiling. “And this local woman has her hooks into him. He knows my son is his, so when he comes back to Harborough, I’ll let him tell Nicky the truth.”
Freda wrinkled her nose. “We should get rid of this other woman!” She waved the butter knife above her head and Emma resisted the urge to laugh.
“Now you finish your story!” she insisted. She pointed at Freda’s empty plate. “What happened with you and John?”
“We also ran away, dear, but not so far. We were both over the age of consent and whilst it would have been nice to have our parents’ blessing, we didn’t need it. John made an honest woman of me and took me home to meet his family. It’s no surprise they threw us out of the house and out of their lives. They used words like incest and disgusting. I’m sure you’re familiar with them.”
Emma nodded, hearing Alanya screaming those same words at her. Freda’s saucer swam with tea as she lifted her cup in trembling fingers. “The gates of Wingate Hall closed behind us and John never returned to his family. We became dead to them.” She tilted her head and stared at the ceiling. Her eyes misted as she dropped her gaze to Emma. “It all seems so foolish and trivial now I’ve reached my ninetieth year. The world has changed. Illegitimate children marrying their rich first cousins are the least of society’s problems. My John was the love of my life until he died last year. We were married for sixty-nine years and I wouldn’t change a single minute. God didn’t bless us with children, but it’s a small price to pay for marrying one’s sweetheart. Don’t you agree?” She fixed a perceptive gaze on Emma, who nodded in obedience.
“Did you stay in Harborough?” Emma changed the subject and Freda shook her head.
“No, dear. We lived as missionaries in the Philippines and settled there when we retired. But I grew homesick after John’s death and returned to live out my last days. I arrived last year and bought an apartment in the retirement village on the Northampton Road. It’ll see me to the end.” She smiled philosophically and reached for the uneaten portion of Emma’s scone. “Do you want this?” She snatched at it but didn’t lift it to her lips. “What’s wrong, dear?” she asked, responding to the sudden loss of colour in Emma’s complexion.
Emma leaned in close, so only she could hear. “Rohan’s mother lives in those apartments.”
“Oh, I might know her.” Freda squeezed her eyes closed and they moved beneath her eyelids. The errant fake eyelash had departed somewhere between the car park and the cafe.
“Maybe.” Emma became tight lipped. Her gaze darted around the coffee shop. “I should leave. How will you get home?”
Freda flapped a hand towards the waitress. “I’ll grab a ride with her.” Then she leaned forward and tapped her index finger on the table. “What’s the name of Rohan’s mother? I won’t tell.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “No! She knows I’m here, but she thinks Nicky belongs to Anton. She set Rohan’s girlfriend onto me and got her asking too many questions.” Emma pushed her chair back from the table with a creak which cut across the gentle hum of conversation.
“Tell me,” Freda insisted. “I might be able to help you.”
Emma cringed at the memory of Alanya’s ire. She’d avoided Felicity but only by waiting for Nicky outside the blue gate and waving to his teacher. She shook her head. “I can’t let her near my son. He’s only safe if she believes he’s Anton’s because she disowned him when he came out as gay.” Emma heaved out a breath and trusted Freda with her secret. “She killed my father.”
Freda’s eyes widened. “What’s her name?” she repeated.
Emma swallowed and she leaned close enough to whisper. “Alanya Harrington.”
Freda’s eyes bulged like blue marbles. “The Black Widow!” she breathed. “She’s Rohan’s mother?”
“What did you call her?” Emma dipped forward and her fingers gripped the edge of the table.
Freda leaned back in her chair with a deep sigh. Her head shook from side to side like a tennis umpire’s. “Oh dear. The Black Widow. She befriends the foolish elderly men who think they’ve found love in their old age. It’s a new one every month. We think she kills them, but we just haven’t worked out how.”

Chapter 32
The next day, Nicky refused to get into the car before school, kicking up a fuss on the pavement. “I wanna walk Faz!” he protested. His feet drummed against the flagstones. “I wanna run in the park in the snow with him!”
“Get in the bloody car!” Emma snapped. She cast her gaze up the street as she cleared ice off the windscreen. “Ro said we need to use the car.” Freda’s news about Alanya had instilled further fear into Emma’s already overloaded brain. It seemed her killing spree had continued beyond Emma’s father and the occasions of deliberate poisoning of her children. Emma had driven Freda home but dropped her on the main road, fearful of meeting Alanya. Freda wrote her phone number on a napkin and extorted a promise from Emma to call her.
“Om er! Swearing!” Nicky struck a pose with his hands on his hips. He looked so much like Anton, it took Emma’s breath away. “I’m sick of this! You never walk the dog anymore. It’s cruel to make him ride in the car and not let him out to play! I’m gonna call the cruelty people about you.” Nicky clambered onto the back seat with his face screwed into a scowl. He fastened his seat belt and folded his arms.
“I walk Farrell every day.” Emma slammed the driver’s door and blew on her icy fingers. She pointed to a gap between the houses halfway along the street. “We walk down there and play ball.”
“You don’t let me play ball.” Nicky’s sullen expression leaked into his voice. “I wanna play ball with him. Why can’t I?”
“You can, but not right now.” Emma depressed the switch for the central locking. She rested the heels of her hands against her eyes. When she’d collected her thoughts, she turned in her seat to face Nicky. “I need you to do as you’re told.” She ploughed on, ignoring her son’s raised eyebrows. “Please can you trust me? Like on the estate.”
“Is the gang after us?” His mind regressed to their previous address and the prevailing tide of trouble. “Did you upset Fat Brian by coming here? Did he send the boys to get us?” His spine straightened as he peered through the side window.
“No, baby.” Emma reached behind her and gripped Nicky’s clenched fist. “But Uncle Rohan asked us to be careful. He wants me to drive the car and not walk. We live in his house, so we do what he says. Okay?”
“Like monsters are chasing us?” Nicky frowned and his lips morphed into a hard line. “Big Jason shaped monsters.”
Emma puffed out a frustrated breath. “We just need to do what Rohan asked. But Nicky, don’t tell anyone please? This isn’t something to tell friends. Okay?” Emma stared at him until she got a crick in her neck, searching for the surety that he would prove wiser than his years. She prepared herself to argue the case, but she shouldn’t have worried.
“Pinky promise, Mummy.” Nicky stretched forward and clasped her baby finger with his, the deal struck with a trusting smile and a belief in the impossible. “Harley Man said not to worry. He’ll take care of us no matter what happens.”
“I thought you grew out of him.” Disappointment laced Emma’s voice. “You haven’t mentioned him for a while.”
“No!” Nicky snorted. “How can you grow out of a person, Mummy? I’ve seen him around here all the time. He keeps us safe, like always.” He twisted his finger free and patted Emma’s hand. “You worry too much,” he said, dismissing her with the ready platitude.
“Thanks for that,” Emma sighed. She set off driving towards the school, struggling with the vehicle’s size. A taxi honked at her as she squeezed between parked cars instead of giving way to him. Nicky sniggered as she almost side swiped another car while reversing in the school car park. “You don’t like this car, do you, Mummy?”
“Not really. It’s much too big for me.” She glanced in her rear-view mirror. “I’m sorry for swearing at you.” Emma stopped the car and secured the hand brake. She avoided the irritated glances of the pedestrians forced to step in mud to navigate the Mercedes’ long bonnet. Nicky released his seat belt and pushed his body between the seats. He reached forward to hug Emma. His arms tightened around her neck.
“Uncle Ro showed me how to get more money if he didn’t come back after two weeks. You want me to show you tonight?”
“I don’t know, babe.” Emma closed her eyes. “We’re not his responsibility, are we? I haven’t spent much since he left.”
“But we got a power bill yesterday. You need to pay for it and there won’t be enough.”
Emma groaned. “Rohan didn’t say we could open his post! It’s illegal to do that.”
Nicky humphed and thudded into his seat. “Not if the electric and gas don’t work when he gets home.” He cocked his head and peered at Emma’s reflection in the rear-view mirror. “Are you gonna get that ding on the side of the car fixed before he sees it?
“What ding?” Emma widened her eyes and pouted. “Oh, that ding. I think it’ll polish out and he won’t notice it. Just a few scrapes from a bush I parked too near to.”
“Don’t bank on him not noticing. He notices everything.” Nicky collected his school bag into his lap. “We’re staying for Christmas, aren’t we? It’s nearly here.”
Emma swallowed, unable to give him an answer. He ran on with his thoughts anyway, oblivious to her agony. “The Christmas nativity is next Friday in the afternoon. I’m gettin’ tickets for you, Uncle Ro and Uncle Anton. Can you tell them for me?” He bobbed forward and kissed her cheek. Emma struggled to contain her misery. Unable to lie any more, she kept silent. “My teacher cast me as a wise man. I wave my telescope in the air and shout, ‘This way!’ to the other wise men. I’m gonna do it real funny to make Uncle Anton laugh. He finds everything funny and I love it when he laughs. Do you think he’ll laugh at me, Mummy? Do you?”
“I don’t know,” Emma whispered. The ball of lead shifted in her chest until she couldn’t breathe.
Nicky’s fingers rested on the door handle and he frowned. “That woman’s walking this way. The one that visits Uncle Rohan.”
“Felicity?” Emma sat up straight and her body tensed. “Does she look like she’s just wandering around the playground?”
“Nope.” Nicky pushed the door open as Emma released the central locking. “She’s looking right at you.” He slipped from the seat and leaned in to issue an order. “Just go, Mum. I can see Allaine and Kaylee standing wiv Mo.” He slammed the door and ran, dodging around Felicity’s legs and disappearing through the gate and into the playground.
Felicity raised a mittened hand and jabbed it in Emma’s direction. Her face wore a perpetual scowl. Emma depressed the switch for the central locking just as Felicity’s hand closed around the passenger door handle. Then she left skid marks in the greasy snow of the car park as she gunned the engine.
A shroud of emptiness tortured her in the cold house. Farrell tolerated chasing his ball around the garden, and Emma changed the game enough to satisfy him. She shut him in the kitchen and hid one of Nicky’s socks at different locations in the house. The dog found it every time.
She stopped herself driving back to Wingate Hall. The vultures would have picked it bare, and she imagined the new owners planning out the fancy apartments Freda mentioned. She satisfied herself with turning on Rohan’s laptop and searching for the property by name. The grounds were listed as a location of historical interest. A few scant details of the Ayers family filled three lines on a local website.
The hammering on the front door caused her to spill her coffee. She jerked her arm wide enough to miss the keyboard, slewing it across the table instead. Felicity’s voice echoed around the hallway as she yelled through the letter box. “Where’s Rohan? What have you done with him?”
Emma dumped the mug on the dining table and stamped to the front door. Felicity’s lips dropped lower so she could peer through the rectangular gap and into the interior. Her lashes fluttered over gimlet hard eyes. “Go away!” Emma snarled. “You’re not coming in, so go, or I’ll call the cops.” She glanced at the wall clock and shook her head. Felicity had used her morning break to harass Emma. “I mean it. Go away! Don’t you have anything better to do?”
“What have you done with him?” Felicity kicked the door with the toe of her pointed boot. “I should call the police on you!”
“Yeah right.” Emma sighed and leaned against the wall, staying in Felicity’s eyeline. “Because I karate chopped him and buried him under the patio. Does that sound likely to you?”
“Just tell me where he is!” Felicity’s tone took on a whine which grated on Emma’s nerves more than her threats.
“I can’t because I don’t know!” Emma closed her eyes, hoping Felicity might have gone when she opened them. “He went on a business trip and asked me to look after the dog. That’s what I’m doing.” Farrell stuck his nose around the kitchen door and saw Felicity through the letter box. He dropped Nicky’s sock and padded back to safety.
“Rohan is my boyfriend. You need to leave. It all went wrong when you arrived.”
“What went wrong exactly?” Emma’s temper frayed. She pulled her mobile phone from her jeans pocket. “I can still dial the emergency number when I don’t have any credit, can’t I?”
“Yes!” Felicity frowned through the gap at the stupidity of answering. She took a breath and continued her tirade. “And everything went wrong. I had him right where I wanted him until you and that kid arrived. He’s still paying Alanya’s ground rent, but even she hasn’t heard from him since he left. That’s down to you as well.”
“I’m dialling!” Emma lifted her phone to face the door, her index finger hovering over the call button. “Go away or answer to the cops.”
Felicity’s eyes narrowed. “I’m marrying Rohan and there’s nothing you can do about it. I’ll make sure you’re out of this house the second I get that ring on my finger. Alanya’s giving me her wedding ring. What do you think to that?”
Sickness roiled in Emma’s gut. The only wedding ring she’d seen Alanya wear was a gift from Rodney Harrington. The thought of it wedged on Felicity’s finger made her want to tear open the door and pulverise her. Emma satisfied the flare of rage by slamming the inner flap on the box and holding it shut. Felicity wailed as she only just withdrew her fingers in time. She continued to yell through the outer flap. “You’re sick if you think he’d ever want you. Alanya says you’re a whore. It’s incest. It’s disgusting. You’re disgusting!”
Emma hauled the front door open with such force, she discovered Felicity still bent at the waist. The other woman gulped at the naked fury she witnessed in Emma’s face. She took a few steps backwards and stumbled off the front step. “Get away from me!” she shrieked. “Help! Someone help me!”
Emma’s fists balled so hard, the battery popped from her phone and clattered against the porch tiles. The sides of the phone cracked. A low growl indicated Farrell backing her up as she gave Felicity a vicious shove. “Go away!” Emma spoke through gritted teeth, the words alien and obscure. “Come near me or my son again and I will kill you!” She snarled the sentence, no doubt in her intention to carry out the threat. Felicity slipped on the icy path as she hurried to the front gate, hauling it open and letting it slam behind her.
“This isn’t over!” she barked. She dragged her mittens from her furry pockets, but her hands shook as she fitted them over her fingers.
“Yes, it is.” Emma backed over the threshold and slammed the front door. The stained glass shook within its leaded frame. If it hadn’t been for the fear of cracking it, Emma would have opened and slammed it again and again to satiate her rage. She leaned against it and closed her eyes, clenching and releasing her fists. The remains of her phone fell to the doormat.
“I can’t do this anymore!” Emma’s chest heaved. “I just can’t.” Her eyes popped open and she jabbed her finger at the dog. Farrell sat down in front of her, his eyes wide and his expression intense. “If Rohan isn’t home by the end of Nicky’s school play, I’m taking you and his stupid car and driving back to Lincoln. I’ll let Fat Brian take the car but don’t worry, I’ll keep you.”
Emma cleaned the house until lunchtime, changing and washing sheets, tumble drying and putting them back on the beds. She retrieved her battery from the front porch and plumbers tape bound her phone back into one piece, but a lack of credit meant she couldn’t test it. Emma killed time, wondering how she could fetch Nicky and continue to avoid Felicity. Sickness rose into her throat as her concerns for Rohan grew. He’d told her he’d be back after two weeks, three at a push. She knew in her heart that something had gone wrong. The ball of worry spun in her chest until she vomited. Farrell followed her to the upstairs bathroom, laying across her legs with Nicky’s sock tucked between his feet.
“I’m okay,” Emma promised. “I think it’s stopped.” She flapped a hand in front of her face. “I need some fresh air. Let’s go along the street with your ball before we both go stir crazy.”
Farrell yawned and released a whine of enthusiasm. He padded down the stairs behind her and waited while she grabbed his leash from its hook. Emma locked the front door and walked as far as Allaine’s house. Farrell slunk along next to her, so close to her leg he almost pitched her over numerous times. He kept slowing and looking behind him, herding her along the street. At Allaine’s gate, he relaxed, pointing his nose at the entrance and sitting. Emma sighed. “Fine! Let’s see if Allaine wants to come for a walk with us.” She opened the gate and Farrell padded through the gap. He turned and his ears pricked high, a strange whine passing his lips. His tail gave a slow wag, as though he felt unsure about the visit.
“Drop the leash, Emma.” The familiar voice sent an icy dart through her chest. “Drop it.” Emma released the loop of fabric and it slithered to the floor. Farrell’s eyes widened and he rushed for the gate, forcing his weight against it and thwarting his own escape. It slammed shut and he rose onto his back legs, his whines turning to sharp barks as he sensed Emma’s fear.
Emma spun, finding her chin level with Christopher’s chest. She raised her fists too late and he snagged her wrists in strong fingers. “Just do as I say, darlin’. If you don’t make a fuss, they’ll leave the dog here.”
Emma’s eyes widened and she glared at him with enough heat to melt his face. “How could you?” she snarled. “I’m nothing to you. Are you a pervert? Is your name even Christopher?” Her voice shook as she levelled her questions. Her left foot moved at speed to deliver a numbing kick, but the Irishman anticipated the move. He twisted his body and tilted his right foot to block the blow as though stopping a soccer ball. Emma gasped as the top of her foot hit the underside of his shoe. Pain shot up her instep and into her leg.
“Just do what they say, Emma.” His voice held the same calm as it did on their date. “They’re goin’ to kill me, but you might be okay if you’re a good girl for once.” His right eyebrow lifted and he raised his voice over the increased staccato of Farrell’s panicked barks. “And I’m definitely not a pervert, thanks. I don’t know where you got that impression.”
Christopher spun Emma so her wrists crossed over her chest. It secured her in a strait jacket of her own limbs and created a powerful cage. He pushed her from behind, dodging each of her attempts to dig her heel into his shins. In desperation, she let her knees collapse and tried to sit on the pavement.
“Will your friend take care of the dog?” Concern laced Christopher’s voice as he let Emma hang in mid-air, her arm muscles aching with her weight. “I’ve always liked the dog.”
Emma didn’t answer. The swish of wet tyres overrode her senses and spray from the gutter soaked her left side. A car door slammed. “Get her inside now!” The voice sounded gruff and authoritative.
“What do you think I’m doin’, ya eejit?” Insolence crept into Christopher’s tone.
Christopher rocked sideways following a dull thud and Emma found herself lifted off the ground. A bald head moved before her vision as firm hands shoved her up and over a meaty shoulder. The breath left her lungs and she registered Christopher’s groan of pain.
Careless hands tipped her backwards and shoved her onto the back seat of a black sedan. Emma kicked out and contacted her abductor’s thigh. He swatted her ankle as though she represented less than an irritating fly. He swung her legs sideways and into the footwell, slamming the door behind her. Emma pushed herself upright and hauled on the door handle. Nothing happened. The door remained closed. She spun onto her knees as Christopher slumped onto the seat next to her. He shut his door and rubbed at a red spot on his cheek. “Just sit down!” he hissed.
Emma ignored him. As the driver pressed on the accelerator and the car slid away from the curb, she yanked on the door handle and wasted valuable energy. She hammered on the window with the flat of her hand and screamed to the frantic dog trapped in Allaine’s front garden.
Farrell stood up against the fence, his jaws opening and shutting in a pincer movement as he vocalised his distress. Emma watched him through the rear window as the car slid away from the street.

Chapter 33
“Get off me!” Emma lashed out as Christopher grabbed her arm. A dull tone sounded from the dashboard.
“Fasten your seat belt.” He leaned around her to snag the belt from its snug housing next to her cheek, and she slapped his hand. “Stop, Emma.” His calm, level voice acted as a warning and she stilled. He hauled the belt around her and plugged it into the socket next to her right hip. The irritating sound from the dashboard ceased. Then he reached again and pinioned her wrist beneath his strong fingers. His gaze flicked to the two men in front and his fingers grew busy, prising Emma’s hand open to expose her palm. He smoothed his fingers across her skin as though unfolding a piece of paper. Glancing up, he raised a speculative eyebrow.
“I hate you,” Emma growled. The corners of Christopher’s top lip rose. His fingers tickled and she jerked her hand away, determined to break free. His tight grip around her wrist crushed the fine bones and she gasped in pain. He faced her and his chocolate irises held a stunning intensity as he shook his head in a slow motion. The long, sensuous strokes across her palm began again.
Emma stilled, watching his action and trying not to react. The dusting of dark hair on the backs of Christopher’s fingers increased his feral quality. Glancing up, he raised his left eyebrow, asking her if she’d understood. Emma gave a reluctant nod.
Rohan. His finger traced the word, ensuring she’d read the letters before he moved on with his message. Danger.
Emma rolled her eyes. She’d worked that out for herself. Christopher gave her a sideways glance, waiting for a response. She nodded once and he smoothed her palm again as though erasing the invisible communication.
Do. As. I. Say.
Emma exhaled with a snuffing sound as fear squeezed her lungs until they spasmed. The passenger bent sideways and peered through the gap between the front seats. “You having some kind of attack?” he demanded.
Emma shrank back against the seat and froze. Christopher had stretched her right hand across the seat and kept hold of it. His lips twisted as he rested it on his thigh. “She’s fine.” His voice sounded flat.
“Then let go of her.” The passenger twisted further and the black muzzle of a handgun poked between the seats. “Or I’ll use this.”
Christopher released Emma’s hand and she snatched it back, jamming her fingers between her thighs. Ginger stubble coated the man’s cheeks and chin, and he pushed his face further through the gap. Irises the colour of a stormy sea glared at Christopher. The rational part of Emma’s mind, which still functioned, told her the man would need to swivel hard to shoot her. She closed her eyes, anyway.
She jumped as something nudged her elbow.
“You okay?” Christopher mouthed.
Emma shook her head and bit her lip, seeing his eyebrows knit together in concern. He stretched his fingers across to squeeze her shoulder.
“That’s your last warning!” The driver’s eyes flashed in the rear-view mirror and Emma jumped again, embarrassed to hear the whimper escape her lips. The stocky man from the nightclub peered at her in the reflection. “No talking.”
“The wee lass is scared.” Boredom oozed from Christopher’s tone.
“Yeah, well keep her quiet!” the man spat. “And stay apart.”
“That’s what I am doing, ya wee shite!” Christopher’s body dipped forward. “Now turn ya fat face round, yer makin’ me sick!”
“Can you hear this?” The passenger jabbed the gun in Christopher’s direction and glanced sideways at the driver.
“Yeah. Don’t worry about it. Just watch that he doesn’t put his hand around your throat from behind and snap your neck. You know who he works for, don’t you?”
The passenger screwed his neck round to meet Christopher’s insolent gaze. Wariness filled his expression. “I’m not scared of him.” His eyes narrowed and the gun muzzle disappeared a second before he withdrew his face.
Christopher lifted his middle finger and performed a jabbing action. Emma groaned and closed her eyes. When she reopened them, she found Christopher grinning at her. He seemed to treat everything as a joke.
The car slowed as heavy traffic moved north on Northampton Road. Emma leaned her forehead against the side window as Mel walked at a steady pace along the pavement. Emma lifted her hand and smacked the glass with her palm. The fingers of her other hand scrabbled at the button to lower the window, jabbing it without success. Mel chatted on her phone, her braids tapping against her spine with the rhythm of her step. She cast a glance at the traffic, but without seeing Emma’s face pressed against the window of the passing car.
“Sit still!” The passenger reached around with pincer like fingers and gripped the soft flesh above Emma’s right knee. The muscles of his forearm tightened as he dug his nails into either side and squeezed. Emma screeched in pain as numbness spread out from his touch in a painful arc. She beat her fists against his arm until he released her. The breath hitched in her lungs and she tasted acid in the back of her throat.
The driver added his voice to the melee. “Get hold of her!” he yelled at Christopher. The car swerved left and he yanked the steering wheel and turned back to face the road.
Christopher shrugged and folded his arms. “You told me not to touch her. Make up yer mind.”
“I knew you should’ve sat in the back with her!” The driver directed his anger at the passenger.
“She wouldn’t get in the car for me, would she?” the man replied. “And would you want the other bugger in the front with you?”
“No,” the driver conceded. “Fair point.”
Christopher’s narrowed eyes observed Emma’s hysterics with casual interest, as though rebuking her for ignoring his warning. Unable to escape, she turned her aggression on him instead. She leaned towards him, stretching the seat belt to its full extent. Then she smashed her fist into his shoulder. His body dipped forward at the last second, trapping her arm behind his back. The futility of her efforts lit the fuse of insanity and Emma plunged her face downwards and against his ribcage. The action left her vulnerable, splayed across the seat as though collapsed. She used her elbow to push herself upright as Christopher grabbed his waist, his jaw slack and his eyes wide.
“She bit me!” He sounded shocked enough for his voice to rise a few octaves. The two men in front laughed and the tension dissipated. “She bloody bit me!”
The traffic cleared as Emma made another lurch for his arm, sinking her teeth into the flesh through his jacket. “Stop!” Christopher pushed his hand in front of her face, bending her head backwards and squashing her nose. Undeterred, Emma snapped at the fleshy palm against her lips, securing a thin piece of skin between her front teeth. Christopher swore and the men in the front seats laughed again. Their enjoyment covered Christopher’s voice as he leaned close and whispered in Emma’s ear. “If you want to die, you’re goin’ the right way about it!”
Emma sat up with a huge inhalation, her anger lost behind Christopher’s warning. “I hate you!” she hissed, shifting her legs sideways. She administered a painful kick towards his knee and he pinned her calf to the seat. His elbow dug into her shin and she whimpered.
“Enough!” he shouted. Emma smelled peppermint and coffee on his breath. She sat up, her eyes filling with tears of frustration. Her bottom lip protruded like a child’s as her mind ran through possibilities and scenarios.
“Don’t cry, don’t cry,” Christopher soothed. He reached forward and brushed her fringe back from her face. The action appeared tender and he removed his elbow from her shin. Emma reared back and Christopher’s brow furrowed. He released his seat belt and shifted across the seat. “Come here to me.” Strong arms pulled her stiff body into his side and he kissed the top of her head. He encased her in a cage of muscle. The irritating bell clanged from the dashboard.
“Put your seat belt back on!” the driver shouted. He twisted his neck, so his snarling expression faced the back seat.
“Shut it!” Christopher snapped. “She’s upset.”
“I don’t care, get it fastened! And get away from her.”
“Comfort her. Don’t comfort her. Go here, go there!” Christopher’s voice squeaked up at the end of the sentence. His Irish accent broadened. “You just drive da bloody car and worry about yourself.”
“Pull over and I’ll shoot him in the legs!” The passenger waved the gun in front of his face and the driver put out a warning hand.
“Don’t do that in front of the windscreen!” he shouted. “What’s wrong with you?”
Christopher scooted sideways to clip the centre lap belt across his stomach. His long legs splayed either side of the ridge. The alarm from the dashboard ceased. His arm slipped around Emma’s shoulders and no amount of wiggling dislodged his grip. With his free hand, Christopher reached for her fingers and he pulled her hand towards him. He turned it over to expose her palm and began scribing another invisible message on her skin.
Emma yanked her hand away, not interested in his conspiracy. She faced the window and let the passing landscape blur before her gaze. “What about Nicky?” she demanded. The passenger spun around to face her at the same time Christopher dug his nails into her hand. Emma whimpered.
“Nicky?” the passenger demanded. His eyes bulged as he glanced at the driver and then at Christopher. Emma remained just out of his eyeline. “Who is Nicky?”
“The dog.” Christopher said. “It’s fine. I left it in someone else’s garden. It’ll probably run into the road.”
“Yeah, well it had better die,” the man growled. “Let’s just hope it’s not chipped.”
The journey took six hours, during which Christopher observed the two men up front through cold, expressionless brown eyes. The day disappeared from beneath them, the last vestiges of daylight claimed by darkness and occasional yellow streetlamps. Emma fought discomfort after the third hour, a need for the toilet overwhelming her. They drew up outside a vast house made of red brick, somewhere north of the sign for Falkirk. They’d crossed the border into Scotland two hours earlier. The sudden lack of engine noise left a ringing in her ears.
“I’m busting for the bathroom,” she complained. Christopher’s fingers closed around her wrist.
“Join the queue!” the passenger snapped. “But we couldn’t trust either of you enough to stop, could we?”
Emma’s door popped open and the passenger put his hand inside to grab her. She arched back against Christopher and dodged his reach. She’d spent six hours staring at the bald spot in the centre of his shaved head and acknowledged the front view wasn’t much better. “You get out nice and slow. No stupid moves. Otherwise we just shoot ya!”
Emma stepped from the vehicle, her legs aching and her body stuck in a bent position. She leaned against the side of the car and groaned. A biting chill whipped around her head and stole her breath with icy enthusiasm. “I really need to go to the bathroom,” she begged.
Christopher slid from the same side of the car and emerged rubbing his backside. “Geez, my ass has gone to sleep!” he exclaimed. He kicked out at the rear tyre. “Couldn’t you afford a nicer car?”
“Nobody told you to sit in the middle seat, did they?” The driver slammed his door and looked around him. His complexion appeared ashen in the overhead light from the front door. “Is this the right place?” He shivered before tucking his trailing shirt into his jeans.
His passenger shrugged and waved the gun. The building extended either side of the lighted area, rising before them to encompass three visible stories. An imposing structure in daylight, its height and sense of foreboding proved overbearing at night. Emma squinted up at the gothic facade. “Great,” she murmured. “I’ve always wanted to visit a Scottish stately home at gun point.”
“Then it’s your lucky day.” Christopher spoke through the side of his mouth, rewarded with the passenger’s gun jabbing into his ribs. He glanced at it sideways and Emma frowned. For a moment, she half expected him to overpower the man and just confiscate the weapon. A dark fury flashed behind his eyes and then calmed.
Both men approached Christopher, pushing his face against the vehicle and forcing his hands behind his back. The jangle of handcuffs sounded loud against the silence, and he grumbled as the passenger tightened the clasp.
Emma backed away from the scene by slow degrees. The men’s distraction with Christopher provided an opening and she planned to take it. But her numb feet and aching legs defied her attempts to escape, and the passenger caught her before she made it ten metres. He hauled her back to Christopher and demanded another set of cuffs from the driver.
“No, no, no!” Emma wailed. Hysteria laced her tone. “I’m desperate for the bathroom. Please, don’t handcuff me!”
“They won’t if yer do as yer told.” Christopher gave her a reassuring smile. “Will ya?” His eyes narrowed as he watched the driver’s reaction. Emma sensed the dynamic shift again and confusion settled in her breast.
“I won’t run again,” she promised, knowing her legs wouldn’t carry her yet. She hobbled to Christopher’s side and allied herself temporarily with him. She might not understand his role in her dilemma, but she promised herself she’d watch for a time to exploit it. Christopher gave her a nod of approval. It seemed he expected nothing less.

Chapter 34
“We’ll be here until Rohan gets back from his job.” Christopher sighed, rolling on the mattress until he reached Emma’s stiff spine. He wound his arm over her ribs, splaying his fingers across her stomach. Cold air seeped around her until her muscles atrophied and she lacked the energy to repel him.
“When is that?” she whispered into the darkness. Her voice croaked.
“Not long now. They wanted to take you weeks ago, before Rohan seized the risk. I convinced them to wait.”
“Why? Why would you care?” Emma lifted her head and turned towards him.
“A few reasons.” His accent sounded lyrical and comforting in its whispered tones. “The Actuary wouldn’t do a convincing enough job of retrieving the risk if they kidnapped you. At least this way, he’s done it without distractions. It’s a normal gig for him, apart from the fact I’m not there to to provide tech support. The other reasons are personal. I wanted time to get ready because I suspected the minute they took you, I’d lose my advantage. I double crossed someone a few months ago. Their boss doesn’t like to lose.”
“But you asked them for another hour in the nightclub.” Emma frowned in the darkness. “What difference would one hour make?”
“What?” Christopher sounded confused. “Nobody said anything about an hour.”
“You did!” Emma hissed. She turned onto her back and Christopher snuggled closer beneath the scratchy blanket. Emma felt the fabric of his trousers through her socks as she moved her foot. “I read your lips. You said, ‘One hour.’” She did a poor impression of his Irish accent and musical tenor voice.
He laughed out loud. “What kinda shite lip readin’ school did you go to?” he demanded. “The one for eejits?”
“I don’t have a clue what’s happening!” Emma’s voice wobbled and she gave an undignified sniff. “I thought Rohan worked as a boring accountant. How is he involved with this?”
“He assesses risk and eliminates it. He does the maths and works out projected outcomes. Other actuaries move on to spreading the cost, but he calculates how to solve the immediate problem. Nowadays the risk is stolen information, prototypes, databases or damaging emails. The thief often stores the information on a portable hard drive or other device. Rohan’s job is to get it back before the thief does anything to damage the reputation or finances of the client.”
Emma remained silent and Christopher jabbed her in the ribs. He leaned up on one elbow and brushed his other hand across her cheek. Emma squirmed against his touch, but he ignored the slight. “I told the guys in the bar, not now. I said nothing about one hour. Is that why you ran?”
Emma nodded, her hair shuffling against the dirty pillow. She turned aside from him and drew her legs up to her chest. “It doesn’t matter now, does it?”
“Do I look like a sex predator?” Christopher stroked Emma’s throat, running his finger along the line of her jaw. He sighed, the sound wistful. “Girls don’t run away from me,” he mused.
“Are we going to die?” The question sounded overloud in the stark room. A faint moonlight trickled through the open curtains. Rips divided the worn fabric into a series of tattered strands. Emma shivered, hating the powerlessness of her last moments.
“Probably.” Christopher sniffed. “But I can’t take all the blame. Others played their part.”
“What about Nicky?” Emma’s voice wavered. “He won’t understand what happened.”
Christopher settled on the grimy mattress and pulled Emma’s spine against his chest. He laid his arm across her stomach. The heat radiating from his body woke her senses to the extreme cold in the house. Christopher sighed. “It’s perhaps time for the truth, Em,” he whispered. “I’ve followed you for just over six years. It’s my key role, but I’ve taken other contracts when I could.”
“What?” Emma bolted upright, shivering at the draught which crept beneath the blanket. “Liar!”
Christopher chuckled, distortions of the sound echoing back from the high ceiling. “Aye,” he confirmed. “Yer wee boy has known about me all along.”
“Nicky?” Emma blinked and shook her head. She slapped at her arm as a crawling sensation moved across the soft skin inside her elbow.
“Do you have another son?” Christopher’s misplaced humour amped the disbelief turning to anger in Emma’s breast.
“Liar!” She aimed a slap at the space where she believed his open mouth laughed at her. His fingers closed around her wrist and he drew it in front of his chest. His warm kiss to her knuckles enraged her.
“Settle. Let me tell you everything.” His voice held a soothing quality, as though he’d resigned himself to a confession before death. “You’ll want to hear this, I promise.”
They lay next to each other on the bare mattress, using Christopher’s jacket to cover the parts left exposed by the thin blanket. The temperature dropped as the wind pounded the house. Flurries of ice and snow beat against the windows. Christopher turned onto his side and leaned on one elbow. His breath warmed Emma’s cheek. “I met Anton through a mutual friend when I left the Air Force.” Christopher’s whispers brought a soporific calm with them. “He gave us tickets to see him in this crazy performance at the Barbican theatre. He stole the show. His standing ovation outlasted everyone else’s.”
Emma’s sigh ached with regret. “He loved life so much.” Christopher’s hair rustled in the darkness as he nodded.
“Yeah. But he wasn’t an idiot. He waited a full year before he told me about you. It started as a periodic thing, and he paid me to check in on you from time to time. He wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“Was I okay?” Emma winced at the absurdity of the question as it left her lips.
“Aye, mostly.” Christopher’s smile leaked into his speech. “And sometimes not. Like when ya didn’t have enough for the electric bill that time in the post office, or the time that dodgy guy from your second year history paper wouldn’t leave ya alone.”
Emma sat up in astonishment. “Anton sent Lucya money just at the right time. I’m not sure what happened to that horrid guy, but he fell down the arts’ centre stairs. He ignored me for the rest of my degree. He wouldn’t even look at me!”
“Aye, well, I told him not to.” Christopher snuffed in the darkness. “Cocky wee shite. Most of the time I could tell Anton you were okay.”
“So how did you end up working with Rohan?” Emma wiped her sleeve across her eyes. Thoughts of Anton activated the well of grief which lurked beneath the surface.
“I work for him, Emma. It’s not a partnership.” Christopher cleared his throat. “Anton asked me one day if I’d be interested in using my hacking skills. It sounded like substantial money and I needed to pay some urgent bills. That’s when he introduced me to the Actuary.”
“Why do you call him that?”
“It’s his call sign. He knows me as Hack. It’s a business arrangement meant to keep us safe. Co-workers are the biggest threat within this industry. You share nothing about your personal life.”
Emma snorted. “You know where he lives, you know about me and Nicky. You even know his dog. That didn’t work out so well, did it?”
“Not for him.” Christopher gave a low chuckle. “But I’m good at what I do.”
“You put him in danger!” Emma protested. “He left for that last job after telling me he might not survive. Because of you! Whatever you did forced him to use someone else to provide information. You left him exposed!”
Christopher pulled her against him, over locking his arms behind her and dismissing her complaint. “With the way the last job went so wrong, he’s probably glad not to have me around.”
Emma waited, allowing him to collect his thoughts. When his breathing slowed, she suspected he’d nodded off to sleep. Her bones jarred against the extreme cold and relaxation evaded her. She nudged Christopher until he gave a loud inhale. “Keep talking!” Irritation laced her tone. “You’re the reason I’m here, so you can bloody well stay awake!
“Okay. What do you want?” He punctuated his lazy drawl with a yawn.
“What went wrong with the last job?” Emma shoved his chest and his arms clasped her harder.
“Oh, that. A disgruntled employee copied a database before he quit. He stored it on an external hard drive. He fancied himself as a whistle blower, and it contained sensitive information relating to covert military operations by the American government. The Actuary paid him a visit, offered him cash first and violence second. The guy opted for the cash and handed over the hard drive, but before he’d reached the street, the stupid wee shite tipped himself off a twenty third-floor balcony onto a Dubai footpath.”
“Ugh!” Emma jerked as the scene unfolded in her mind’s eye.
“Messy for sure.” Christopher exhaled. “And it piqued the interest of the local cops. I’d already hacked the security feed for the apartment block, but I’d missed something significant.”
Emma waited through another pause before pushing herself upright. She shoved Christopher’s hands away from her and the blanket slid onto the floor, taking the jacket with it. “You suck at telling stories!” she complained. She groaned and pressed her hands to her face. “Why did I leave my mobile phone on the kitchen counter?”
“Because you’re an eejit.” Christopher stretched out his long body and the iron bed frame creaked. He settled his hands behind his head and sighed. “You’ve no credit on your phone. What did you plan to do with it?”
“Oh, shut up!” Emma drew her legs higher and wrapped her arms around her knees. “What did you miss? Is it the reason I’m here?”
“Maybe. What I missed was footage from the day before the Actuary’s visit. In my haste to control the feed, I didn’t notice the American receive another visitor. It would have made all the difference and explained his flying lesson over the balcony and the fact nobody ever found the cash he got paid in exchange for the hard drive.”
“Who was the visitor?” Emma turned her face to rest against her knees. White condensation leaked from her nose and mouth with every breath as her remaining warmth hit the cold air.
Christopher cleared his throat. “The job before that involved a British business owner. He tried to blackmail a government minister to allow a Chinese Triad to emigrate to Britain despite a list of convictions. The minister caved and signed off on the visa, but someone broke into his car and stole his laptop containing the incriminating emails. The government techs wiped the backups and purged their system of any trace of the emails, but they needed the laptop for a complete denial. I followed some trade deals in the dark web and found the eejit who broke into the car. The Actuary persuaded him to sell to us instead of the scary National Front skinheads who were also tracking him.” Christopher stretched and yawned. Emma’s nerves jangled as she sensed him arriving at the reason for her kidnapping.
“Three days later, his body turned up in the River Thames without its head. I got a tip off from another actuary’s tech support guy, and that’s when we discovered another actuary hunted us from one side of the world to the other.”
“Who hunted you?” Emma’s teeth chattered as her body temperature dropped.
“An operative known as the Contessa and her nasty little band of paid thugs. They missed out during the bidding process, so trailed us, cutting their losses by taking the cash and disposing of the mark.”
“I don’t understand how this involves me.”
Christopher smacked his tongue against the roof of his mouth and leaned up on his elbows. “The Contessa wants repayment of a debt. You’re the leverage to make the Actuary relinquish the risk he liberated last week. She’s using you to hamstring him. It’s a clever tactic.”
Emma’s lips parted a while before she uttered the question. “Who do they think I am?”
Christopher’s hand splayed across her spine and he rubbed warmth into her bones. “His sister.”
Emma remained silent. They’d scored better than a stepsister, but Rohan understood that. Her mind rewound to their shared passion and her heart ached with regret. They were like a flame and accelerant. Devastating together. Emma sniffed and wiped her nose across her sleeve.
“Aw hey.” Christopher’s soothing tone broke through her tears. He sat up and slipped his arm round her shoulders, hauling her down to the mattress. “It’s okay,” he whispered. His kisses warmed the side of her head.
“What’s going to happen to me?” Her voice squeaked beneath the pressure.
“Don’t worry about that now.” Christopher leaned across her and retrieved the blanket and jacket. He shook the blanket over them both, releasing a cloud of choking dust. He pulled the jacket up to her ears and tucked it beneath her chin.
“I didn’t realise Harley Man was an actual person.” Emma sniffed. “I should apologise to Nicky.” Her eyes filled with tears at the thought of never getting the opportunity.
“I’m good at what I do. But he’s a great kid. Anton gave me a permanent contract once he learned about his cancer. He made me promise to look out for you until you no longer needed me.”
Emma groaned. “I saw you in Rohan’s garden, didn’t I?”
“Aye.”
“Why didn’t Farrell bark?”
Christopher gave a low chuckle. “I’ve known that wee fella since he was a pup. I lived with Anton for a while near the end.”
“How often did you follow me?”
“All the time! I followed ya everywhere, even to that wedding up north. The car you booked was a heap of crap, so I paid for an upgrade. I couldn’t risk you breaking down on the motorway because I’d have to pull in behind yer and help.” He planted soft lips against Emma’s cold forehead.
“Thank you.” Her voice sounded faint. She spent the years since Lucya died feeling utterly alone. But Anton sent an angel to watch over her. She wondered if it might have helped her mental health if she’d known. “We saw you when we stopped at the garage for petrol. Nicky recognised you.”
“Aye. He did.” Christopher inhaled. “You sure looked hot in that dress.”
“It was too small,” Emma mused. “I liked you in your leather trousers.”
“How much?” Christopher’s chest stopped rising and falling as though he’d held his breath. His mouth touched her cheek. Emma’s heart sent blood roaring into her ears, over shouting rational thought. Christopher pressed his lips over hers and memories of their earlier attraction rose to the fore. Emma wound her arms tighter and allowed her lips to part, permitting the gentle pressure of his tongue to caress her top lip. A welcome heat flooded through her body, thawing her frozen muscles and breathing life back into her heart. Excitement began a steady beat in her stomach, stirring the woman Rohan had awoken. Rohan. Emma’s memory screamed a warning, reminding her of the incident in the nightclub. And Christopher’s first betrayal.
“Stop!” Her voice held a command. “I can’t do this.”
“Okay.” He pressed a hand to the back of her head and cradled it against his chest. “Another time.” His words hung in the air like an invitation. Or a threat.
Emma cleared her throat and remained silent for a while. An image of Rohan’s damaged body taunted her, and she squeezed her eyes closed against his lack of trust in her. Desperation made her steer the conversation back to Christopher’s work for Anton, needing the silence to end and the self-recriminations to cease. “You didn’t come onto the council estate, did you? Fat Brian wouldn’t allow it.”
“Aye, that’s what you think.” Christopher chuckled. He released a long breath, as though he’d also shaken off the awkwardness. He seemed over eager to get past the moment. “I’ve driven on and off that estate as long as you have. After Anton died, Fat Brian and his wee flunkeys came to an arrangement with me. Did yer not notice how attentive he became?”
“Oh. I thought he liked me.”
Christopher snorted. “He liked my cash. And grown attached to his kneecaps.”
“Why didn’t you just tell me Anton sent you?”
“He told me I shouldn’t. Said you hated charity.”
“Oh.” Emma swallowed. Her innards squirmed at the realisation he’d seen where she lived, her poverty still raw and painful. “How did you get into Susan’s wedding? The person on the door checked our invitations.”
Christopher grunted. He ignored the question. “Your wee boy loves a good chat, doesn’t he? Pity the Actuary finished up early on his job that day. He shouldn’t have gone to the wedding. I’d made sure of it. I promised Anton I’d keep you away from him.” He sighed. “You wouldn’t be here now if he’d just kept driving.”
Emma peered into that alternate reality and acknowledged she didn’t like it. Having Nicky’s father in his life had changed the course of their destiny. She blushed at the memory of their passion and her naivety slapped her in the face. He’d avoided telling her the truth about his injuries and left her to deal with Felicity. Emma’s heart hardened against him and she tossed her head against Christopher’s shoulder. “It doesn’t matter,” she whispered. “If we get out of this, I’m leaving. Rohan and I aren’t good together. I might go back to Aberystwyth.” Emma closed her eyes and allowed images of the seaside town and its stony beaches to encroach, filling her with the imagined warmth of summer.
Christopher swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing against her forehead. But he said nothing.
Another memory intruded, and Emma frowned. “A private detective followed Rohan home from Lincoln. He talked about someone else shadowing him. Did he mean you?”
Christopher snorted. “Yeah, I ran across him a few times. I’m surprised it took the Actuary so long to spot that daft eejit! What self-respecting private investigator tails their mark in a white van?”
“He seemed inexperienced.” Emma grew silent, lulled by the sound of Christopher’s regular heartbeat against her cheek. When she spoke, her voice cracked with exhaustion. “Perhaps his mother put the investigator on him. Although, she denied it.”
“Na, it wasn’t her. She’s busy doin’ other mischief.”
“Like what?” Emma shifted her head and her eyelids fluttered closed. The biting cold gnawed at her bones and filled them with numbness.
“Did ya realise they call her the Black Widow at the residential home?”
“Yeah.” Emma yawned. “I met someone who knows her. Who paid the investigator?”
“Tomorrow, sweetheart,” Christopher whispered, stroking her hair and resting his chin on the top of her head. “It doesn’t matter now. You go to sleep and I’ll watch over you just like I promised a good friend I would.”

Chapter 35
“Get up! Get up!”
Emma jumped awake at the crash of the heavy door banging against the cupboard behind it. Trouble floated like scum overhead, creating a milky pall in the dim light from the hallway. Rough hands grabbed at her shoulders and hauled her to a sitting position. Sickness roiled her stomach in deep pits and crescendos as though a heady seasickness crept up on her as she slept. Her neck ached where the muscles had atrophied with her cheek pressed against Christopher’s chest.
“Don’t touch her!” Christopher threatened. He’d jumped upright at the sound of the key in the lock. The moonlight picked out the white knuckles protruding from his balled fists. When the two men grabbed Emma, his demeanour changed and he lurched across the mattress. He jerked to a halt as the car driver presented the handgun and aimed for Emma’s temple. “Okay, okay!” Christopher held his hands up in front of his face. “She’s no involvement in this. Leave her alone.”
“Too late,” the driver snarled. He withdrew a set of handcuffs from his back pocket and threw them onto the mattress. “You involved her in this, or did you forget that fact? Put these on. This is your one chance to save her life, so consider that before you throw your weight around here.”
Christopher recoiled. “No, I’m not cuffing myself for yer, ya wee shite. Tell yer buddy to get his hands off her!”
“Let her go.” The driver frowned at his companion, his voice marred by the grogginess of exhaustion. Both their rugged faces contained dark shadows beneath their eye sockets. The passenger’s movements appeared jumpy, as though he’d wired himself to an electrical source. Emma watched for signs of a drug induced low but noticed nothing familiar, just the exhaustion associated with a long drive followed by a sleepless night. His rough hands released Emma and she slumped face down onto the mattress, desperate to recapture some lingering warmth from the blanket. Failure brought misery and hopelessness.
“Em,” Christopher hissed. “Come to me, sweetheart.” He kept his hands outstretched despite the threat of the gun, encouraging her to trust the earnestness in his brown irises. He smiled, his white teeth incongruous against the oppression of the room. “Come.”
With a gargantuan sigh, Emma heaved herself upright and stumbled around the bed. She skirted the men, banging her calves against the bed frame. The passenger’s bulging eyes flicked towards her breasts and she allowed the revulsion to twist her face. He glanced away, dismissing her in a single pointed smirk.
Christopher’s head moved in a furtive shake. “Behave, Emma!” he cautioned. She fell against him without coordination and jolted him. Christopher grunted and jerked his head towards the driver. “The wee girl wants to use the bathroom,” he said, his face expressionless.
“No time!” the man snapped.
Christopher shrugged. “Does your big boss mind soiled goods?” He took a step forward and the barrel of the gun touched his shirt.
“Oh, let her go for a bloody piss!” the passenger shouted. “I’ve had enough of this!”
“You’re not coming in with me!” Emma protested. Her eyes widened and she saw the passenger’s expression brighten.
The driver baulked. “We can’t separate them.” Anxiety laced his tone. The gun trembled in his fingers. “And I’m not looking after him by myself.” He waved the handgun towards Christopher and his lips pursed.
“Fine! Send them in together!” the passenger groaned. “But be quick. The boss is on his way now. None of this has happened like he promised. Let’s get paid and go home. It’s turned into a nightmare.”
Christopher smiled, evil undertones deepening his voice. “Oh yeah! This is your worst nightmare, for sure. Only a fool would make the Actuary angry. I wouldn’t wanna be you guys, but I can’t say it’s been nice knowin’ ya!”
The draught from the hallway hit Emma like a wall of ice. She shivered as the men corralled them beneath the dim light from a single overhead bulb. The driver waved the handgun like he’d never held one before and Christopher’s constant stare made him wave it more. The passenger stopped in front of an oak door and gave it a shove. “In!” he ordered. “I’m warnin’ ya, no funny business or I’ll just shoot the pair of you!”
“Whatever!” Christopher pushed the door open and walked inside, pulling Emma behind him. He turned to close it.
“Leave it open!” the passenger shouted. A black boot appeared in the gap.
“Pervert!” Emma whined. She turned to face the grimy toilet and gave a shudder. “It’s disgusting!” Her fingers picked at the button of her jeans and she glared at Christopher. “Turn around!” she insisted. “I’m not peeing with you looking at me!”
Christopher finished surveying the small space. He backed up the door and placed his finger over his lips.
“What?” Emma growled. “I told you not to look!” She yanked down her jeans and underwear and plonked onto the wooden seat, screwing up her face at the thought of the germs. A movement made her glance up to find Christopher waving his hand in a circular motion. He mouthed at her to keep complaining but make it louder.
Emma sat on the toilet and rubbed her eyes. Now he’d granted her permission, she couldn’t think of anything to say. After a moment of confusion, she got into her stride. “Even when I couldn’t afford food, my toilet stayed cleaner than this one,” she grumbled. Her voice rose to a crescendo. “Please tell me that isn’t a cockroach! It is! That’s how disgusting this place is. The owner should be ashamed of themselves.”
Christopher scanned the room at speed, his fingers pulling open a vanity cupboard. He closed the door with a wrinkle of his nose. “Hurry up, woman!” he complained. “You’re not the only one who needs to use it.” As he turned aside, Emma caught the sight of a long screwdriver slipping down the back of his pants. He dropped his shirt to cover its outline.
“I’m not standing in here while you make smells!” Emma buttoned her jeans after using the last square of toilet roll paper hanging from a rusty holder.
“Flush the toilet!” Christopher barked. “Were you born in a barn?”
Emma pulled the chain dangling from a wall mounted cistern. A gush of water filled the bowl and snatched away the contents with a delighted suck. She turned to face the door to give Christopher privacy.
“Get out here, now!” The boot moved in the gap and door swung enough to hit Emma in the face. She clasped her nose and gave an exaggerated shriek. The passenger pushed his face through the gap and Emma used the heel of her hand to jab his nose. His hiss of pain lifted her spirits.
“That’s what you did to me!” She channelled her aggression and spoke through her cupped hand. “I hope it hurt.”
The withdrawal of the man’s face gave Christopher time to use the toilet.
“I’m just havin’ a piss!” he announced. Pride laced his tone. The tinkling sound hitting the water at the bottom of the toilet bowl echoed around the tiny room with unnatural volume. Emma resisted the urge to turn around as curiosity prickled the back of her neck.
“I’m sick of this!” She worked herself into a frenzy, the sentiment more real than playacting. Her body occupied the space between the door and the frame, shielding Christopher. “I want to go home,” she wailed. The dampness on her cheeks surprised her as she discovered real tears falling from her eyes.
“Shut it!” The driver intervened, taking his companion’s place and jamming an arm through the gap. He snatched at Emma’s wrist, capturing skin as well as bone as he pinched her. She screamed, wedged in the space with her left foot stopping the gap widening.
“Wait!” Christopher snapped. He edged Emma aside and freed her left leg, before easing her through the gap and pulling the door wider. He nudged her forward and closed it behind him. Emma risked a quick glance, realising he hadn’t flushed the toilet after making such a fuss.
As they stepped along the corridor, she recognised the sound of trickling water. It foxed her for a moment until she looked behind her and saw water seeping from beneath the toilet door. The driver jabbed the gun at her. “Keep moving!” he ordered.
Christopher seized her elbow and marched her along next to him. He didn’t release his grip on her even when they reached the stairs. An icy coolness invaded her senses and she glanced down at Christopher’s hand. A damp spot radiated along the fabric of her sleeve, originating from the splashes of water dotting his fingers and staining his shirt cuffs. Her eyes widened and she curled her lips into an expression of disgust. She tried to shake off his grip, convinced he’d put his hands down the toilet for some strange reason. Her foot missed the top step and she plunged forward, her knees sinking down with nothing to break her fall.
Christopher swore and held her up by one arm. He dipped to break her fall and steadied her on the third step, his arm around her waist. “Steady,” he growled. “No point dying earlier than necessary.”
“Keep going!” The handgun appeared in Emma’s peripheral vision and the sickness returned to her stomach.
The passenger gripped the banister as he descended to their level, releasing it as it wobbled and tilted into mid-air. “This place should be condemned,” he grumbled. “No wonder the front door was so easy to open.”
Christopher’s lips pursed into a covert smile and he waited for Emma to continue. She took more care after her fright, placing her feet on the worn carpet and avoiding the gaps where missing steps created yawning grins.
The driver jabbed the gun against Emma’s spine as they reached the bottom of the staircase. She gave a whimper of pain as it dug into her cold muscles.
Christopher whirled around, knocking the gun aside. “Touch her again and I’ll kill you!”
Fear flared in the man’s eyes as he strengthened his grip and turned the barrel on Christopher. “You’re in no position to give me orders,” he growled. “Keep walking.” Emma glanced up at Christopher and recoiled at the black violence turning his brown irises to phurnacite.
Darkness closed around them on the lower level. The open front door offered no light beyond its broken hinges. The passenger activated a torch on his phone to guide them along a tiled corridor. The freezing air reminded Emma of a chiller and she shivered against its eager bite.
“In here!” The passenger stood back until Emma stepped into a room at the front of the house. Original mouldings clung to the ceiling and shutters covered the windows. At any other time, the architecture would have fascinated her. Christopher moved behind her, jerking as the driver jabbed the gun into his spine.
Stale, damp air filled the room. Torn curtains hung like windless sails from rails above the windows. They exuded the scent of dust and decay. The passenger lifted his torch to give them light. “Sit in that chair.” He directed his order at Emma and she noticed a dining chair stationed in the centre of the floorboards. “Put both hands behind you and don’t speak.”
Emma’s knees clattered together as she stumbled towards the chair. Christopher supported her elbow until the driver threatened him with the gun. “Get away from her!” he shouted. “You’ve done your part.” Christopher’s eyelashes fluttered as he waited for Emma to sink into the rickety seat. He gave a long blink and pursed his lips. She fancied she recognised regret in his eyes. “Arms behind your back!” the driver commanded. Emma stretched her arms behind the chair and groaned at the unnatural position. Her shoulders set up an ache of protest as he twisted her forearms through the spindles of the chair. She cried in pain and anger as the metal cuffs closed around her wrists.
“You don’t need to do that!” Christopher raised his voice and the passenger lurched for him. Christopher dodged his outstretched arms but tripped over the driver’s outstretched foot. He fell backwards, spinning in mid-air and landing on his face. It took the might of both men to haul his hands behind him and snap identical cuffs over his wrists.
“Stop!” Emma begged. Christopher lifted his head and blood dripped from his chin. “Leave him alone!” The chair tipped against her as she tried to stand, trapping its seat at the back of her legs so she could no longer sit even if she wanted.
Blood tracked down the front of Christopher’s rumpled shirt as the men hauled him to his feet. He winced as the driver kicked at his leg and drove him back onto one knee. Then a faint ringing pushed through the grunts of pain and exertion, the ring tone misplaced and odd with its jaunty beat.
The passenger cast around for his mobile phone. He found it on the floor where he dropped it, the torch beam lighting up an ornate fireplace and empty grate. He puffed as he bent to retrieve it, swiping his finger across the screen to connect the call. Emma shuffled closer to Christopher, the chair hanging from her cuffed wrists. The spindles chaffed at her elbows and she bent at the waist to take the strain off her spine.
“Are you okay?” she whispered.
Christopher nodded and squeezed his eyes closed. He rose to his feet and yanked his arm free of the driver’s grip. “Yeah.” He cocked his head towards the passenger and frowned, listening in to the whispered conversation.
“What do you mean? I know. That’s not usual.” He shrugged. “Well, yeah, everything’s ready.” He puffed up his chest and tilted his chin higher. “Okay boss. See you soon.” He rang off and stuffed the phone into his inside pocket, punching the air with his fist.
“What?” The driver leaned towards him, his eyes widening with concern.
“The Actuary just left the motorway and the boss is right behind him!” He whooped, momentarily forgetting his role as psychotic kidnapper and prospective killer. His lips curved into a maniacal grin. “The boss says the client wants to thank us himself for delivering such important leverage.”
“Awesome!” The driver grinned. He dragged his fingers through his fringe, trying to flatten it and lose the unkempt appearance. “Are we still gonna get paid even though it’s late?”
“Yeah sure!” The passenger dismissed his concern with a flap of his hand.
Christopher’s loud laugh interrupted their celebration. “Yeah, sure, you’re gonna get paid, so ye are! If your client is who I think it is, you’re not leaving here!” He snorted and Emma’s eyes widened in fear. A strange electrical pulse washed through her body, the adrenaline causing her to tremble. She tried to pull her arms through the spindles and failed, a deadening pain spreading out from her armpits as the cuffs clanked against the wood.
“Shut yer face!” The driver shook his head. “You know nothing, so shut it!”
“Aye, whatever!” Christopher grunted as the passenger used the handgun against his cheek.
“Just stop!” Emma pleaded. “Rohan will sort everything out when he gets here.” Her mind went through a list of prayers buried deep in her memory. Her father’s lips spoke the words to her from the grave. She sank to her knees, the chair seat digging into her calves.
“Emma! Em!” Christopher’s voice broke through her desperation. She latched onto his Irish accent saying her name over and over. She glanced up at him, her wild curls blurring his image. Blood soaked the collar of his shirt from a wound to his cheek and tiredness gave his complexion a grey pall. The passenger pulled his phone from his pocket and activated the torch, using it to survey the damage to Christopher.
“We shouldn’t rough them up much more.” The driver sounded regretful as though he’d like to continue. “Damaged goods might not fetch as much payment.”
The passenger shrugged and performed a circular motion with his head, his neck releasing a series of satisfying pops. “Doesn’t matter about him.” He jabbed the phone towards Christopher. “The boss reckons he’s not walking away from this.”
Emma darted a look of terror at Christopher. A clamminess dampened her skin despite the freezing temperatures. He smiled at her through a cracked lip and cocked his head to one side. “Hold on, Em,” he whispered. “It’s gonna be fine.”
“Not for you!” The driver hauled another chair into the centre of the room and jerked his head towards Christopher. “Get her back here!” he barked to his mate. The driver used the gun to herd Christopher into place before hauling Emma upright by her arm. He backed her up until she stood next to Christopher before giving her a cruel shove. The chair legs hit the floorboards and Emma held her breath as her weight teetered on the rear legs for long enough to make her panic. She imagined her head hitting the floor and wondered if unconsciousness might be a blessing. She didn’t realise her chest had hitched until Christopher leaned sideways and spoke to her.
“Hush, hush,” he whispered. “It’s gonna be okay. Just hold on, Em. Calm down and wait.”
“What’re you sayin’ to her?” The driver slapped the gun across the back of Christopher’s head, drawing a hiss of pain from the Irishman.
“Just stop hitting him!” Emma wailed. She dipped forward and her arms stretched out behind her, caught between the spindles. A dull creak sounded at the same moment one of them shifted. Hope flared in her breast and the possibilities tumbled free. She sat up straight and silenced, wrapping the fingers of her left hand around the wooden rail. It twisted but didn’t release. Emma closed her eyes and concentrated on the physics of the chair. Leaning forward and pulling caused the cross rail to lift against the pressure of the handcuffs. Although the stile held the legs in place, it didn’t stop the spindles from lifting with the increased force. Placing her weight against the back of the chair created more distance for her to edge the spindle higher and over the lip of the seat.
Her silence worried Christopher and he peered sideways at her. His look of concern appeared in her peripheral vision and she shook her head in a motion slight enough to form a warning. Christopher pursed his lips and created a diversion to stop the men noticing Emma’s activity. He gave a bark of laughter, the sound maniacal in the dim light from the torch. “Youse two are dead men,” he announced with a cackle. “You’ve no idea what you’re walking into, do ya?”
“Shut him up!” The passenger spoke through gritted teeth and Christopher’s chair rocked as a blow sent him sideways and cannoning into Emma. She cried out in pain as his weight crushed her right elbow against the wood, but the twisting of the chair had allowed the spindle to pop free. Emma’s fingers closed around it as it hung from the cross rail, no longer part of the chair’s structure. She pulled it downwards, the veins standing out on her neck with the effort of easing it free from the rail. Once it released, she realised it had represented the only obstacle holding her to the chair.
Her muscles screamed as she dropped her hands to the back of the seat. The spindle slotted through the gap and rested behind her. A nod of approval from Christopher rewarded her in her peripheral vision.
A flare of white light lit the room, moving at speed across the ceiling to divide into two beams. Headlights. Emma’s heart stalled in her chest and she gripped the spindle in her fingers. It wouldn’t help her unless she could get her hands in front of her.
“Game on,” Christopher whispered. He stared at the triangles of light highlighting an ornate ceiling rose and his eyes glazed.
Emma fixed her gaze on the doorway as the driver scurried from the room. His footsteps pattered along the corridor and his voice echoed in the wide hall.
A car door slammed, though the headlights remained on and lighting up the room. Emma held her breath. A steady footfall strode towards them, another dragging sound accompanying it.
“Oops,” Christopher whispered.
Rohan Andreyev appeared in the doorway. The headlights picked up his angular Slavic features, casting his eyes into shadow. The driver’s shirt collar dangled from his fisted right hand, the man’s eyes bulging and his face a mottled grey. His knees dragged along the ground and his fingers scrabbled at Rohan’s fist. Rohan glanced down with eyes that held a frightening coldness. His nose wrinkled and he dropped the driver like a discarded wrapper. The man’s head made a dull thud against the door frame and he stilled before sliding to the floor.
Rohan noticed Emma and his brow furrowed. A tight covering of blond fuzz occupied the bottom half of his face. He leaned down and dragged the driver’s prone body to the edge of the room where he dumped it. Deft fingers confiscated the handgun. The safety clicked as he disengaged it and pulled the muzzle back. Emma blinked as he inserted his finger into the chamber and gave a nod of satisfaction. He released it with click, engaged the safety and shoved the gun into the inside pocket of his jacket.
The passenger had backed up behind Emma. His warm breath created a musty white cloud around her head. She froze and edged her bottom over the spindle, not wanting to provide him with a weapon against Rohan. Emma watched her husband, refusing to let the tiny bud of hope die in her breast. His eyes glossed over her again, but no emotion leaked into his expression. He dismissed her presence as though she didn’t matter.
“So, you’re the Actuary.” The passenger hiked his confidence through verbal baiting. “How disappointing. My boss will be here soon with the client.” He moved behind Christopher as though creating a bigger barricade. Rohan watched him through his blank mask, assessing the threat with a calculating expression. “Just give the flash drive to me and save yourself some trouble. I’ll let you take your sister, but the Irishman stays.” He held his hand out as though believing Rohan might oblige.
Rohan sighed and narrowed his blue eyes. He seemed to jerk to life. “I apologise for the disappointment.” His Russian accent shrouded his words in a spiky cadence. “But I will take the girl and the flash drive. You’re welcome to the Irishman.”
“Geez, thanks!” Christopher snorted and released an exhale filled with disgust.
Rohan’s head turned at a scratching sound behind him, raising his elbow as the driver clambered to his feet. He shook his head as though crushing a fly as the driver hit the floor with a groan.
Christopher laughed and Rohan’s gaze shifted to him. He shook his head. “The time for laughing is over, Irish. You’ve made your own bed, as the English say.” His smile held no mirth.
Christopher smirked and shot a look sideways at Emma. His eyes flashed. “I made my bed all right.” He gave Emma a lascivious wink and she learned in that moment something she should have known. Christopher Dolan had no shame.
“I’m waiting.” Rohan spread his arms out either side of him, baiting the passenger to meet him in the centre of the room. He directed his gaze towards the unconscious driver. “You’re alone. Do you want to live or die?” His voice sounded robotic and Emma swallowed. She didn’t recognise him.
The passenger edged around Christopher. He rose onto his toes and Emma couldn’t tell if he ran at Rohan or the door. It made no difference. Rohan dodged the flying fist and used his forearm to break its downward force. His head snapped back and forward in the blink of an eye, contacting with the passenger’s nose. A sickening crunch revealed shattered cartilage before he dropped to his knees, gripping his face. “The boss will kill you for this!” he spluttered. “You’re a dead man!”
Rohan leaned forward to hiss into his bloodied face. “Your boss is a woman, durak!” he hissed. “And now, she’s your palach.”
“What’s that?” the passenger spluttered through the blood. “What is it?”
“Executioner,” Emma said. Hopelessness filled her words. Christopher looked sideways at her and raised his eyebrow.
“Why?” the Russian spat. “Why this?” He waved his arm around the room and glared at Christopher. “Seven hours of driving, to find two half-assed duraki and you at the centre of it!” His eyes moved over Emma without interest and her heart sank lower into her stomach, bringing sickness with it as Christopher rose from his chair.

Chapter 36
Rohan stood half a head taller than the Irishman and fury added an invincibility to his demeanour. They squared off to each other and Emma recognised the metallic clank as Christopher slipped his wrists from the handcuffs. She gaped, anger and dismay blossoming from her chest and spreading into her neck and cheeks. He’d made a fool of her. Again.
“They jumped me,” Christopher said, a discernible smirk in his voice. He angled his body sideways to take the heat from their encounter. “It seemed a wonderful opportunity to catch her out, so I bargained with them. I knew she’d come herself for this one.” Christopher glanced back at Emma and a line appeared in his forehead. “Sorry about getting your sister involved.” His jaw tightened and he straightened his lips into a line. “Or should I say, your wife?”
“I trusted you!” Emma rose and forced her way between the men. Her cuffed wrists slipped through the gap she’d created in the chair, but her arms remained rigid behind her. It caused her body to dip forwards. “My son is miles away. He’ll think I just left him!”
Rohan’s upper lip curled back in a snarl. “Hack doesn’t care about anyone but himself.” His azure irises glittered as his gaze rested on Emma. “You used to be a better judge of character.”
Emma inhaled. For a moment, she wondered if she’d misunderstood the blame, which dropped his voice to a hiss. Her jaw hung as she collected her embattled thoughts. “You think this is my fault?” Her tone held more of a shriek than she intended. She turned and levelled her fury on Christopher, kicking him and dragging the edge of her sole down his shin. He gave a hiss of pain and stepped away. Emma lurched again, not sure what she could do with her wrists handcuffed.
Strong hands seized her upper arms and knocked her off balance. Emma used the tilt of her body to land a painful kick at Christopher’s groin. She made contact, the tremor from the impact ricocheting into her thigh. Rohan lifted her without effort and spun her around him. Her forehead smacked against his shoulder blade and white pinpricks of light burst across her vision.
“You durak!” Rohan spat. His left arm twisted behind him to keep Emma pinned against his spine. She shook her head and waited for her vision to clear. “Did you honestly think she’d come alone?” He sounded incredulous, his sentence rising in pitch at the end.
Confusion shrouded Emma’s thoughts. “Think who would come alone? Me?” She wrestled to free herself from Rohan’s grip, but found it tightening to painful proportions. Trying to look down and gain enough clarity to get in a decent kick sent her forehead bumping against his solid shoulder. She turned her face to the side to see the passenger push himself up onto his knees. The man shook his head and wiped the back of his hand across his bloody nose.
“I knew you’d bring the crew.” Christopher rubbed at his crotch. He leaned around Rohan to shoot Emma a nasty look. “Someone is telling her what we’re working on. That’s how she’s sweeping behind us. She’s had her fun. You need to take her out!”
Rohan’s laugh sounded bitter. “Do you think I don’t know you’re the one telling her? She’s linked to the Triads. You don’t just eliminate people like her. You learn to work around them.” Rohan took a step back and Emma almost lost her balance. He shook his head. “Why now? Why the big double cross?”
Rohan’s grip lessened. Emma edged sideways enough to see Christopher throw his hands in the air. “It’s not me!” he shouted. “How could you think that?”
Emma stilled and Rohan’s grip relaxed. She closed her eyes and slowed her breathing in the hope he’d forget about her. His argument continued with Christopher until the moment arrived. He lifted his hand to jab in the Irishman’s direction and released Emma. She backed away, keeping the doorway to the foreboding corridor behind her. She’d had enough of the men’s ego trip, determined not to be a pawn in their juvenile disagreement. Thoughts of Nicky intruded, filling her mind with his sunny face and earnest blue eyes. Emma kept her footsteps light, edging backwards and dreading the moment they missed her. The twin triangles of Rohan’s car headlights lit up the room, and she hoped he’d left the keys in the engine. She’d somehow step through her joined hands to get the cuffs in front of her, steal the car and drive to Nicky. They’d leave before Rohan returned.
The driver’s head hung at a sickly angle on his neck and she moved to obscure him from her vision. Rohan stopped arguing as Emma slipped around the door frame and into the corridor. Getting her bearings proved more difficult in the faint glow. She tried to remember which way they’d turned into the corridor from the stairs. She froze, realising Christopher had stopped too.
“Actuary.” Rohan’s biting reply heralded another pause. He’d received a phone call. “I know!” he snapped. “Clean it up and get ready.”
Christopher’s laugh cut through the ensuing silence. “See, you always come equipped. This is a good plan. Get rid of our mutual problem and we’re good to go.”
Emma bit her lip. For a terrible moment it wondered if she was the mutual problem. A thud of warning began in her chest and she decided to take her chances. Left. She’d run left and into the pitch darkness of the corridor beyond the room.
Rohan’s temper flared, creating an acidity in his tone. “There is no more we, Dolan. I replaced you. We’re done.”
Christopher snorted. “You think? And how’s that working out for ya?”
“Fine!” Rohan growled. Emma bit the inside of her cheek and remembered his anxiety about his latest job. He didn’t rate whoever he’d replaced Christopher with, but didn’t intend to admit it.
Emma twisted her palm against the far wall and traced the outline of a wooden panel. She pushed her fingers sideways and found another. She could keep contact with the wall if she walked with a crabwise action and manage not to run into anything on her journey to the front door.
Then Christopher dropped his verbal grenade. “You’re just pissed because I dated your wife in that hot red dress.” Emma froze in the corridor and held her breath. The heat of shame snaked up her spine and warmed her against the chill.
“You!” Rohan’s voice sounded strained and odd. A crack echoed around the vaulted ceiling, the sound of bone on flesh. “That’s for trying to screw my wife!” Another followed.
“Well, you didn’t want her!” Christopher shouted. Emma heard his feet scuffling. “I’m not fighting you, so stop ,you eejit!” Emma froze in the darkness at his next sentence. “If you weren’t such a dick and spent less time with that ditzy school secretary, you’d have asked the right questions.”
“What questions?” Rohan gulped a breath and his feet moved in the dust and grit of the cavernous room.
“You didn’t even ask her who her date was, did ya?”
Emma glanced over her shoulder and Rohan’s silhouette filled the door frame. He stepped back, his shirt untucked. Then his left fist shot out, sending a bone crunching punch into Christopher’s face.
“Ah, shite!” Christopher groaned and his heavy breathing drifted into the corridor. She’d seen enough and found the next panel with her fingers. “Nothing happened between us.” His words held a mocking lilt. “Not like yer wee girlfriend, but you’re not missing much there. Bet she never told you about our weekend of fun now, did she?”
Emma imagined Rohan’s fist shooting out again. Christopher’s grunt of pain showed he’d hit his mark. The Irishman should have stopped riling Rohan, but Emma had already recognised his self-destructive trait. “Aye, wee Felicity is fake right through to her orgasms, mate.” Christopher continued as though he’d done Rohan a favour. “See, I’ve released yer now. You can do the right thing with Emma. Before I do it for ya!”
The sound of their scuffling filled the corridor and Emma used it to cover her progress. One panel gave way to another as she gained speed.
“Anton said you were an idealist, Andreyev. Yer never saw what was right in front of your bloody big Russian nose. Life happens like that and it’s over that quick!” The click of Christopher’s fingers created a lull in the fighting. “You know that already, man. What’s wrong with yer?”
Her handcuffs clanked against the wall and Emma slowed. Pain reverberated up her elbows and into her shoulders. Her nose became blocked with the onslaught of her silent tears.
The crack of a gunshot sent her flying back the way she’d come. She lingered near the doorway, afraid of what she might find. The passenger lay sprawled on the ground, an identical gun to the other man’s still spinning across the floorboards from a reactive blow. Emma gaped. She’d assumed they shared a single weapon. They hadn’t. Her gaze tracked to Rohan first, alarmed to see him bent double. From the rear, it appeared he gripped his right knee. He swore, first in English and then in Russian. He added another language for good measure.
Christopher edged closer, the headlights picking out shadows across his profile. “Rule number one, always check for weapons.” A laugh edged his tone. Emma waited until Rohan stood up straight.
“Ha bloody ha,” he growled. “Good job he shot my prosthetic leg.”
Emma blinked away her concern, relieved to discover him alive but wrestling with the urge to kill him herself. She edged away, grateful for the distraction which made them forget her. She retraced her steps, stumbling along the corridor. The glow from the headlights drew her to the thin windows on either side of the front door. She’d almost reached freedom when a hand snaked around her mouth to prevent her scream of shock. Her breath caught in her chest and she fought to spin her body to see the new threat.
Another face appeared in front of her, lit by the dim glow of a pen light. He signed something with his fingers to the man holding Emma and then turned away. She watched his light creep along the corridor towards Rohan. The torch winked out and he made no sound. But Emma had seen the barrel of a long black gun lifted from a strap around his torso.
Emma squealed a fruitless warning, which never made it past the gloved hand. She struggled and the cuffs dug into her wrists. Biting at the heavy gloves covering her mouth yielded only empty material between her teeth, which choked and suffocated her. The glove shifted, clamping harder across her jaw.
Tears of frustration coursed down her face as Rohan and Christopher’s raised voices ceased and she bore the responsibility for failing to warn them. Her breath shuddered from her lungs as a gag replaced the hand. A black shape appeared in front of her, hitting her in the stomach so she pitched forward. Her feet left the floor and she dangled upside down over a brawny shoulder like a sack of coal. The movement caused excruciating pain with her arms wrenched behind her back and her shoulders pulled almost out of their sockets. A man bore her weight and ran through the house using no light. Frigid air hit Emma’s forehead as they exited via an unlocked door. Tufty grass poked through the snow passing in her eyeline.
When he set Emma down, she overbalanced and hit her head against the side of a vehicle. The resulting clang reverberated around her skull. “Sorry.” He leaned down to whisper to her and she let out a squeak of fear which the gag muffled. He resembled an insect, goggles covering his eyes and a tiny red light flashing from the centre of his forehead. Removing his gloves, he raised the goggles above his eyes like strange horns.
“She okay?” The voice held a ring of familiarity. Emma turned towards the sound. A tall figure stepped from behind the truck. She winced as he bent to release the gag. “What’s the plan? You catch all that Greg?”
The man who’d carried Emma nodded once. Streaks of black paint obscured his cheeks and when he blinked, darkness took over his entire face. The gag slipped free and Emma stuck out her tongue as the fibres transferred from the fabric. She craned her neck to wipe her mouth on her jacket, jumping as a radio crackled. “We got company about a mile out. Warn the Actuary. It looks like the Contessa.”
“What?” The first man stilled. He shook his head from side to side. “She’s come herself?”
“So Hack was right.” Greg rose and stuffed Emma’s gag into his pocket.
“Hack’s gonna get what’s coming to him.”
“Yeah.” His companion sighed. He lifted a handset and spoke into it. “Plan B. Make sure you finish the job.”
Greg slapped his glove against his thigh. “Looks like someone flooded the upstairs. The water got into the electrics, so you need to pull everyone back now.”
“Not yet.” Susan’s husband looked down at Emma, the black smudges under his eyes obscure and frightening in the gloom. “If I don’t take this lady home safe, the wife will kill me.”
Greg sniggered. “That’s if Andreyev doesn’t kill you first.” He waved over his shoulder and disappeared into the darkness like a sylph.
“Let’s take these off you.” Frederik spun Emma and used giant metal pliers to grip the handcuffs. He grunted and they fell loose, clattering to the snow with a soft thud. She groaned as pain shot up her muscles and pins and needles jabbed along her shoulder.
“You’re wrong.” She rasped the words, coughing at the end of the sentence.
“What about?” Frederik rubbed her arms, sending shooting pains from her wrist to her neck.
“Rohan.” Her breath hitched. “He doesn’t care about me. You could kill me now and he’d just take Nicky.”
Frederik’s hands stilled. “The kid’s his?” He gave a low hiss. “I should’ve guessed. They’re identical.” He pulled a camouflage jacket through the open driver’s window of the black truck. Emma almost buckled beneath its weight as he fitted it around her shoulders. Her teeth set up an embarrassing chatter.
“Christopher and Rohan are fighting,” she managed. The icy breeze snatched her words. “Christopher found a screwdriver in the upstairs toilet. He’ll hurt Rohan.” She leaned against the wagon, struggling to stay upright as her boots slid on the ice underfoot.
“He’s not stupid enough to try that,” Frederik replied. “Get in the truck, Emma and shut up. Covert means no talking.” He lifted a gloved finger to his lips. The fingers of his other hand depressed a button on the handset, and he threw it through the window where it landed on the passenger seat. Then he stilled, staring at the house in the distance and frowning. When he tugged at a wire spiralling out of his dark shirt collar, she realised he was still listening to chatter from the other two men. His body tensed and he fixed a set of the strange goggles over his eyes. Whispered instructions into a microphone she couldn’t see excluded her and Emma discerned clicks, whirs and disjointed sounds carrying from his earbud.
Frederik trusted Emma to get into the vehicle and she almost obeyed. He became distracted by a convoy of vehicles arriving in the distance and took his gaze off her. Emma moved around to the passenger side of the truck and waited, listening to the muted night noises issuing from the surrounding forest. Car doors slammed amid a haze of yellow light, and curiosity overrode Emma’s sense of danger. Christopher’s easy escape from the handcuffs and his possession of the screwdriver worried her. A memory of Rohan’s grizzled beard and the shadows beneath his eyes betrayed the hallmarks of a man who hadn’t slept for a while. He might not care about her anymore, but it didn’t mean she should leave him to die.
The same foolish loyalty, which sent her back to the room at the sound of the gunshot, made Emma slide her way around the vehicle to appeal to Frederik. “Christopher Dolan set Rohan up by bringing me. He knew the other two men. They tried to kidnap me from a nightclub. They want whatever Rohan is carrying.”
Frederik growled in frustration and pointed his index finger at the vehicle. “Get in!” he snapped. Then his head shook and the goggles moved like freaky insect eyes. “No, not you. Wait it out until I give the order.” He jabbed his finger again and Emma swallowed. Her opinion didn’t factor into his plans. She kept her freezing fingers resting against the sleek chassis and walked back to the other side. Grit scrunched beneath her boot soles and she winced. She half expected Frederik to follow her and shove her into the vehicle, but he didn’t oblige.
Emma paused with the jacket over her shoulders. Her body struggled to build up any extra heat in the biting cold. She yearned to speak to Rohan, to ask him why he’d treated her as nothing more than collateral damage. A growing realisation had come to her during his absence and she had something she needed to say to him.
Emma crept sideways, rubbing the blood back into her arms. She flicked the jacket off her shoulders, keeping level with the vehicle. Frederik kept his night-vision goggles pointed towards the house. He watched another car crawl up the driveway with only its side lights showing. When he lifted his right hand, she saw him slip off the glove and push his index finger over the trigger of a matte black pistol.
She moved low to the ground, edging backwards around the truck and using the forest to hide her. Every rational thought in her head screamed at her to run in the opposite direction from the conflict. Nicky deserved a mother who behaved with more sense. She pushed the ragged voices away, heading back the way she’d come as she slipped and slid through icy grass to the rear of the house. Her fingers tried over six external door handles before she found one which opened beneath them. The cold metal stung her skin and sent numbness into her hand.
The dark house swallowed her with glee, using the silver moonlight to create threatening shadows in every corner. Twice, Emma got lost. She fought her way back to the main downstairs corridor and the steady trickle of water covered her footsteps. But when her foot bumped a length of wood leaned against a wall, it slid sideways with a sickening scrape against the plaster. Emma stilled it with trembling fingers and then seized it as a weapon. Her hand barely fitted around its girth. She swung it in practice arcs, wincing at the pain in her arms but emboldened by its presence.
Tattered curtains hung from alcoves along the corridor. Emma seized a length of fabric and pulled it aside, sizing up the space in the darkness as a potential hiding place. A rip cut through the silence, echoing around her. Emma froze, waiting for someone to haul her aside and drag her into the room she’d already escaped. She listened for Rohan’s gentle cadence, blinking into the blackness when she discerned no sound. A flash of something metallic up ahead made her squint, wondering if she’d run across Frederik’s men or the new arrivals. She slipped back into her hiding place and crouched, holding her wooden pole like a staff.
Footsteps scuffed against the tiles as a shape crept past the alcove. The bulky figure carried a handgun and shone a torch in front of him. Emma rose, hearing her ruined boots squelch against the wooden floor. His steps halted and he gave a hiss, leaving her with no choice. “Sorry,” she grunted. She swung the pole and struck him on the temple. She held her breath, expecting the gun to fire and pain to rip through her body. But he dropped like a stone. The weapon thudded next to him and skittered to the other side of the corridor where it hit the skirting board. Emma clung to her pole, although splinters ground against her skin and the impact ricocheted up her arm into her shoulder. She laid the wood down and hauled the heavy man into her alcove like a spider collecting its prey. His torch shone its beam at the ceiling and Emma snatched it and pressed her fingers around the shaft to find the off button.
After checking the corridor again, she dashed across to retrieve his weapon, then retreated. Emma sat next to her victim, peering at the sleek, black gun and trying to work out how to hold it. Her index finger slipped over the trigger and a wide grin split her face. “You’re so badass!” she whispered to herself. But when she brandished the weapon, it hung heavy enough to bend back her wrist. With a grunt of disgust, she shoved it into her jacket pocket and hefted her block of wood. The man gave a groan and lifted his hand to his temple. Emma rose and, with a muted apology, hit him again.
The scenario reminded her of a video game Nicky liked to play at Fat Brian’s house. She popped from behind her curtain, creeping up on another assailant in the narrow corridor. The wooden block knocked him out before he could turn to face her. She collected his weapon also, switching it into a different pocket when it clanked against the first. The two men she’d hit wore street clothes in stark contrast to Frederik’s men. Smart shiny shoes protruded from the alcove as Emma hauled the second victim back to her lair and swished the rags of curtain fabric over them both. But her luck ran out as she slipped out again. Dust rained down on her hair as she hauled the flimsy fabric closed over the opening.
A gloved hand covered her mouth and nose, preventing her next inhale. Emma froze, her eyes wide above the fingers. She hefted the wood in her right hand and tried to hit her new assailant in an over the top motion. He blocked her pathetic attempt and her palm smarted as he yanked the pole free, digging splinters into her flesh.
“This is not a game!” he breathed into her ear. “Fred told you to get in the truck!”
Emma’s shoulders relaxed at the realisation she’d run across the man who’d carried her out feet first less than half an hour earlier. She tried to speak, but his hand stayed over her mouth. When it disappeared, she heaved in a breath and clutched her chest. He appeared before her, his eyes glaring beneath the goggles he’d slid over his fringe. “I carried you half a mile for nothing!” he hissed through his teeth.
“I didn’t ask you to!” Emma protested. Her reply sounded louder than his, and he waved his hands in front of her face.
“Stay here and shut up!” Greg’s next sentence sounded confusing until Emma realised he spoke into a microphone she couldn’t see. “They’ve had a good look round and they’re coming inside.”
“I’ve taken out two,” Emma stage whispered.
The man shoved his hand over her mouth again. “I know! Fred told me to watch you, so I watched you! Nice technique. Now shut up. It’s important!”
Emma exhaled in temper and glanced down at her wooden block, convinced she saw a dark bloody edge in the greying light filtering through the house.
“Put it down!” He snatched it from her hand and hauled her to a squatting position. The wood clunked against the floor, and Emma craned her neck to see where he put it.
He dodged sideways and blocked her view. “Do as you’re told!” he demanded.
Emma narrowed her eyes and spoke through gritted teeth. “You’re not the boss of me!” she snarled. “I don’t even know whose side you’re on. I can take care of myself!” She yanked the handgun from her left pocket and the soldier ducked and hit the floor. A gloved hand shot out to knock it out of her fingers where it became embroiled in the swags of the tattered curtain.
“The bloody safety’s off!” he squeaked, kneeling to retrieve it with extreme care. Emma fondled the handle of the gun in her right pocket and smirked.
The slam of the front door froze them in place. Emma remained in her awkward crouch, her leg muscles cramping and aching beneath her. She dipped forward to peek through a rip in the curtains and almost overbalanced. Only the grip of the camouflaged man’s fingers on the back of her jacket stopped her falling face first beneath the feet of the approaching group. Footsteps drummed against the floorboards and Emma held her breath as two men with matching thick necks strode past her hiding place. She whirled to speak to her companion. “They’ve got really big guns!” she mouthed. He shook his head and drew a finger and thumb across his lips in a zipping motion.
A woman followed the men. A long coat swished around her legs, giving her the appearance of a ghost floating above the ground. Black hair cascaded over her shoulders, plunging as far as the small of her back. Straighter than a pencil drawn line, the upper layers lifted behind her as she walked. She moved with a slender grace which Emma envied. A flicker of anticipation spiked in her chest as the woman headed straight for the room where she’d last seen Rohan and Christopher. As the figure turned, Emma spied the glint of a metal blade picked out in the headlights casting a triangle of light across the doorway.
“Ah, my gorgeous Russian adversary.” The woman’s silky voice greeted Rohan. Emma swallowed, jealousy roiling her stomach. It never occurred to her he might know his opponent.
She turned back to her companion. “That woman has a knife!” she mouthed. “And she’s very beautiful, the bitch!” The darkness shrouded his face, but she saw the goggles slide down over his eyes. Without warning, Emma tugged at the curtain to move it aside. She set off moving, fingering the gun in her pocket while inching forward.
The man behind her yanked the hem of her jacket, forcing her to strain against the fabric. A popping sound betrayed the stitches giving way.
“Check them for weapons!” The woman’s voice carried from the room, an oriental accent giving the words an exotic timbre. Emma recognised the cadence of Rohan’s reply and strained harder against Greg’s grip. She imagined slender hands coasting over his body and rage lit a fire in her belly. She missed the direction in the command which the woman had aimed at her bodyguards and instead, her mind ran riot with lewd thoughts.
Greg yanked on her jacket again, causing the zip to cut across her throat. She made a gagging sound before her momentary stillness gave him an advantage. He slipped an arm around her throat and hauled her backwards. His body cushioned her fall, but the grunt she released as she fell onto him echoed throughout the alcove. Greg shoved her into the corner to recover and leapt upright in a fluid movement. He shielded himself within the folds of the curtain and Emma held her breath as heavy footsteps stopped beyond their hiding place.
She pushed herself to a sitting position, her boot heel squeaking against the floorboards. As the greying light of dawn spread through the house, Emma felt her companion’s glare and saw the incremental shake of his head. The footsteps headed straight for their cosy hideout and the curtain moved. A gun barrel slipped through the opening, widening the slit to reveal a round face. His eyes widened as he spotted Emma spreadeagled on the floor, her legs tangled in the spindles of a side table. The gun jerked and she opened her mouth in a silent scream.
Her companion moved with the grace and speed of a flood, surging from within the drapery before the gunman drew breath. The metal blade glinted as it arced upward, jabbing into his opponent’s throat and twisting. One minute the man with the wide face stared at Emma in surprise, the next second, he’d dropped the gun and collapsed to his knees. Greg took his weight and covered the gaping mouth with a gloved hand. He slithered the body behind the curtain and dumped it next to Emma. She scooted sideways as the gurgling ceased.
“Easy,” he whispered, the air of satisfaction incongruous in the setting. Emma whimpered, the sound increasing by degrees as she edged nearer the frayed curtain. Greg lurched for her, covering her nose and mouth with his wet glove. Horror infused Emma and her eyes widened, desperate to release the primal scream building in her lungs. A bloody, metallic scent filled her brain. Her stomach roiled.
The gentle hum of a woman’s unconcerned voice framed her struggle for air. Emma raised her hands and clawed at the glove and the wrist adjoining it.
“Screw this.” Greg’s whisper moved her tangled fringe with the staccato breaths accompanying his statement. Then Emma felt a sharp prick in the soft flesh beneath her ear. Her vision blurred first, the rips in the fabric merging into shades of grey and black before everything in her view sagged as though too heavy to stand. Her fingers refused to obey the command to defend her, and Greg relaxed his hand over her face. “You’re a bloody liability,” he whispered, and his words were the last thing she heard.

Chapter 37
Emma woke as rough hands shoved her into a space which felt too restrictive. “Gonna kill you,” she slurred, unable to work her limbs. She flapped her left hand and smacked herself in the mouth.
“Yeah, yeah,” came Greg’s voice. “Pretty little girls should stay away from guys like the Actuary. Take that as a word of advice from someone who’s carried your sorry ass half a mile.”
“Sorry ass,” Emma repeated, shocked by the excruciating heat warming one side of her face. She closed her eyes, raising her hands to protect herself. Disjointed voices competed in her fuddled brain, swirling words which made no sense.
“You need to get that looked at by a doctor.”
“I’m fine. I’m taking Emma home.”
“We didn’t expect that outcome. Sorry mate.”
“Yeah well, you live and learn. Clear up here. Make sure nobody gets out alive.”
“What about Hack?”
“Nobody!”
Emma shocked herself awake later as her temple hit the side window of the vehicle. Daylight burned her eyelids and she writhed on the seat. A hand eased her head against the rest and held it there while she drifted off again. “Sleep it off, vozlyublennaya.” Rohan’s gentle endearment reached her from a far-off place as she slipped into the void. But she fought the fog, clawing her way back to consciousness just to insult him.
“Cheating bastard!” Her words shocked her. Was that her own thought, or someone else’s? The sentiment fitted and she hugged it to herself.
Emma slept without dreams or any sense of time. Daylight stung her eyes as Rohan shook her awake. His beard scratched her cheek as he reached over her to release her seat belt. “Time to get out, Em,” he grunted.
“Eff you!” she shouted into his face.
He blinked, dark lashes swishing across a cut beneath his left eye. He pressed his top teeth over a swollen bottom lip. “Nice!” he growled. “You’re never playing with that Irish git again!”
“Effin’ effs,” Emma groaned. Her arms dangled either side of her like a rag doll’s as Rohan’s brawny arms snaked beneath her. He snatched her from the passenger seat as though she held no weight. He navigated a set of stairs and balanced her against the wall as he unlocked a door. His thigh trapped her legs in place and he collected her torso as it refused to stay upright and she sagged. The light blinded her and objects in her peripheral vision merged into one another. “I’m in a washing machine,” she breathed. “Let me out.”
“You’re just hung-over, Em.” Rohan caught her beneath her legs and her cheek banged against his chest. The door slammed behind him. Her spine sank into a soft mattress as the world tilted sideways. Emma’s brain performed an unhelpful rewind and put her back in the bedroom with Christopher and the heavies. The scent of fear and blood filled her nostrils.
“Let me go!” she shrieked. She forced her feet to spiral off the bed, her wet boots squelching against the carpet. Her torso shot up with persuasion and she set off running towards the door. But the aperture darted sideways, and she hit the carpet with a thud. Pain shot through the blur as she caught her head on the corner of a dressing table as she fell.
“Bloody hell, Em!” Rohan exclaimed. “Just trust me, vozlyublennaya! You’re safe. We’re going home to Nikolai.” He hauled her up, his wrists digging into her armpits. “I need the drug to wear off before I take you home.”
“My Nicky! Not yours, mine!” Emma swiped at his face and yelped as it moved. Her fingers bent back against his solid chest. “Why?” she begged. She lifted her hand up to her face, confused when her eyes crossed and she saw four hands and a strange blob between them. “Why?”
“Don’t worry about it,” Rohan soothed. “He gave you too much. I can’t drive you home like this.” He hefted her feet onto the bed and removed her soaked boots and socks. Warmth suffused her cold toes as his fingers moved across her skin. The scent of smoke shrouded her, adding to the unreality. She cried into the soft pillow, chased by flames and bleeding men with wide faces. Then the nothingness claimed her and filled her mind with the ring of black silence.
When she woke again, alarm permeated her brain. Freezing water funnelled over her head and spattered down her body. She screamed and jerked backwards, unable to avoid the icy spray.
“That’s better. Stay with me, Em.”
Her feet responded to her command this time, allowing her to spin away from the waterfall. The semblance of control returned and she blinked, relieved to discern her surroundings. She stood in a shower, the lever pointing at the coldest setting. Rohan’s hands supported her beneath her elbows. Emma looked down, horrified to see pink toes moving into focus. Bare feet at the end of her bare legs. Her tatty bra and matching belly knickers darkened beneath the spray to a washed out grey. She groaned and hugged her arms around herself.
Rohan stood in the shower with her, bare chested but still wearing his camouflage trousers and khaki socks. Water ran down his trousers, repelled by the fabric, but the socks absorbed the puddle pooling at his feet. Dark circles marred the skin beneath his eyes, but his lip had stopped bleeding. Emma lifted her left arm, gratified as the hand at the end of it obeyed. She balled her fist, wrinkling her nose when it remained loose. She grunted and tried again.
“Don’t!” Rohan met the punch with his palm. “I’m cut up enough, thank you.”
“Asshat,” Emma slurred.
Rohan winced. “Yeah. And I know where you learned language like that.”
“Where are my clothes?” she demanded. She closed her eyes against the freezing water. “Please make it warmer?”
Rohan leaned across her to move the lever nearer the red line. “I needed to wake you up,” he said. His harsh tone bit into her, recalling an image of a sharp scratch to her neck and then oblivion. She raised her palm to her jaw line and inched her fingers back towards her ear.
“Leave it alone!” Rohan pulled her hand away but kept hold of her wrist. “Use soap,” he commanded. He leaned across her to snag a complimentary bottle of shampoo from a shelf behind her. The hairs on his chest tickled her nose and she tilted backwards. The shower head dumped a litre of water over her face and she inhaled the spray and panicked. “Here, I’ll do it.” Rohan squirted pink liquid into his palm and rubbed it over her hair. The action made her brain hurt and she struggled to remain upright. “Wash off the blood and the soot,” Rohan said, his tone matter of fact.
Emma wobbled like a skittle, raising her left hand and clasping his wrist. She used it to stabilise herself. He ignored it, scrubbing at her hair and running her slippery curls through his fingers. “Blood?” Emma stared down at the drain, seeing dirty brown streaks funnelling into the pipe. “Blood?” Her chest heaved as sooty black liquid joined it. “What happened to me?” she wailed.
“Nothing. It’s not yours.” Rohan scowled, his face twisting into a mask of disgust. “Wash it off your body.” He squeezed more soap into his palm and tried to transfer it to Emma’s. Her hand tipped sideways, and the gel disappeared into the drain. Emma bent to retrieve it, but overbalanced and head-butted Rohan’s hard stomach.
“Ouch.” She lifted her fingers to her forehead and poked herself in the eye. She gasped. “Soap! Stings!” Looking down, she noticed the red splatter in the shower tray beneath her and panicked, letting out a pathetic yelp of fear.
“You’re like a five-year-old.” Rohan pushed her backwards beneath the deluge. He released her shoulders to smooth the remains of the shampoo over her body. Grey water trickled into the shower tray and disappeared down the pipe.
Emma remained silent as her mind recalled details of the nightmarish twenty-four hours. She shook her head trying to dislodge the images. “Stand still,” Rohan commanded. His brow furrowed as he looked into her eyes. “The flash backs will fade.” His tone softened. “In a while. You missed the worst of it.”
Emma hiccoughed and her fingers sought the sore spot on her neck. He dragged her hand away from it with a shake of his head. “The drug is hospital grade. It’s what the doctors give to endoscopy patients. Non-addictive and without lasting effects.” He inhaled and leaned across her to press the lever. The deluge ceased. Emma swayed on her feet and reached up to stabilise herself. Her palms pressed against Rohan’s chest.
He transferred his hand from the dripping shower lever to Emma’s waist. His blue eyes held a naked hunger. Emma tilted her chin and Rohan lowered his lips to touch hers. The kiss began as gentle, his lower lip swollen against Emma’s. He hissed in pain or desire, she couldn’t tell. But his arms wound around her and his body forced her against the warm tiles of the cubicle.
Rohan’s kiss flayed Emma alive, burning away the drama of the past day and cauterising her confused emotions over Christopher. Her hands splayed across his broad chest and she parted her lips to allow his tongue to press between them. The slickness of his skin made it easy for her to slide her arms around his waist and her fingers sought his waistband. They traced the hard line of fabric forward, her index finger slipping beneath it to contact his soft skin.
Rohan froze as her clumsy fingers struggled with his zipper. He clamped his hands over hers. “No.” He took a step back and his head shook from side to side. “We can’t do this.”
Emma swallowed, embarrassment surfacing as a pink flush over her cheeks. The promise of passion followed the dregs of grey water down the plug hole. “What did I do wrong?” she whispered.
“Nothing.” Rohan frowned and squared his shoulders. “I’m taking you back to Nikolai.”
Emma’s arms wrapped around her and she squeezed herself, needing comfort after he’d smothered their heady flush of lust. “I need to tell you something.” She swallowed and clamped her teeth over her bottom lip. “It’s important.”
Rohan raised his hand in front of her face. “I’m not interested.” His Adam’s apple bounced in his throat as he gulped. Emma peered around his fingers, clarity returning to her vision.
“No, you don’t understand.”
“I do.” Rohan gave a definitive nod. “We’re both free agents. You can sleep with whoever you want to and so can I.” His expression hardened and he grappled behind him for the handle. Cool air rushed into the space as he pushed the shower cubicle open. “As soon as we get back to Harborough, I’ll move out of the house. You can have it. Just let me support Nikolai financially and agree to give me access to him.”
“What the hell happened?” Emma took a step towards him and Rohan backed away. He stumbled over the lip of the shower and his knuckles showed white as he grabbed at the glass sides of the cubicle. She raised her index finger and jabbed it into his face. “You’re getting rid of me?” Her voice held an unnatural wobble.
“I’m letting you go. We’re toxic together. I should never have followed you after Frederik’s wedding. We know how it ends.” Rohan’s socks created wet outlines as he padded from the bathroom and closed the door behind him. “Get ready to move out,” he called back as though commanding his squad.
“Oh no, oh no,” Emma breathed. She squatted down in the cooling air and hugged her knees. The freezing water had diminished the fog of the drug and left her with an empty void in place of the passion. And a yawning sense of grief. Goose flesh prickled on her arms and she allowed the grief to morph into anger, lighting the fuse and watching it burn. When it had warmed her through enough to function, she rose and left the shower cubicle.
Emma used the rail and the door handle to stabilise herself. She wrapped a towel around her and avoided the hazardous wet patches from Rohan’s exit. She burst from the bathroom and strode across the room to sit on the bed. A dark stain covered the bedspread where she’d slept in her filthy clothes. “Where are my clothes?” she demanded, casting around her.
“Ruined.” Rohan indicated a plastic bag sagging against the pillows. “I nipped out and brought more.”
Emma poked a finger into the bag, withdrawing as it collapsed with a rustle and disgorged its contents. A pair of jeans and a pullover tumbled free.
“Did you have an affair with the Chinese lady?” She surprised herself with the question.
Rohan tutted. He fastened the zipper of a clean pair of black trousers and shook his head. “No, Emma.” He spoke her name with the venom of a curse.
She shrugged and added haughtiness to her voice. “That’s why you ignored me, isn’t it?”
Rohan’s features hardened into sharp lines. “That bitch tried to kill me twice! She thought she’d played an expert hand snatching my sister, but can you imagine her glee at knowing she’d taken my wife? And do you think she’d stop at that or go after Nikolai?” He shook his head and turned away to shove his damp hair through the neck of a tee shirt. “Sometimes your perception of the world frustrates me,” he grunted. “You know the safe world Anton Stepanovich created for you in his make-believe stories is not real, da?”
She released a laugh, marking the beginning of hysteria. “Look at my life!” she screamed. Tendons strained against the side of her neck as she jerked her chin towards him. “How can you think that?” She heaved in a giant breath and pressed her fingers over her lips. The fluffy towel rose and fell over her breasts.
“Get dressed, Emma,” Rohan snapped. He sat on the edge of the bed to lace his shoes. Emma stared at their matching shine and fought the desire to inflict hurt on his bowed crown.
“I know your secret,” she whispered. Her brown irises flashed with danger and spite. But her shoulders sagged as he threw back his head and laughed.
“I have many Emma.” His jaw hardened and he straightened his shoulders and rose. The mattress remained dented where he’d sat. He narrowed his eyes and glared at her. “Pick one and do your worst.”
Emma gaped as he snatched the power from her yet again and left her floundering. The voice in her head told her this wasn’t what she wanted, this perpetual Ferris wheel of elation and misery, passion and recrimination. So, she hardened her heart and reached into the plastic bag. The fabric of the jeans felt rough against her skin.
“Hurry.” Rohan glanced at his watch. “I want to reach town before dark. We need to put distance between ourselves and what just happened.” He lifted his left arm and rolled his shoulder. The action finished in a grunt.
Emma frowned, her fingernails picking at a loose thread in the towel’s weave. “What did you do?” she asked. “Did someone get the better of you for once?” Barb laced her voice.
“Yes.” Rohan’s answer surprised her. He turned his body and jabbed his thumb behind him at his shoulder. “The bitch stabbed me before Greg took her down.” He rotated his arm again and inhaled. “Hack made sure she hit her mark, the bastard.” His voice became a low snarl. Emma tilted her head sideways and her eyes widened at the sight of the watery pink stain spreading across his shoulder blade.
“You put a sticking plaster on it though, didn’t you?” she asked.
Rohan rolled his eyes and stuffed his wet trousers into a rucksack. “No time,” he stated. “Get dressed or I’ll leave without you.”
Emma exhaled and felt for the numbness filtering into the vault of pain in her chest. It settled over her grief and muted the bite of loss. She pulled the jeans from the bag and examined the label, grateful Rohan had picked the right size. The soft chenille pullover slipped over her head and settled against her damp bra. The cornflower blue sleeves covered her hands and she folded them to her wrists before reaching up and snapping the scratchy price tag from the woolly neck.
“Ah, durak!” Rohan’s curse made her jump and Emma dropped the price tag. The jeans tumbled to the carpet. She bent sideways to retrieve them and frowned at Rohan’s antics. He stood with his back to the mirror mounted over the dressing table, hauling at the bottom of his tee shirt. Emma gaped at the spreading stain, noticing the point at which the pink ooze became red blood. He tutted and jerked his head at her. “Can you tape this?”
Emma crossed and then uncrossed her legs. She blinked. “With what? I’ve never done first aid.”
He gave a huff of irritation. “There’s a kit in the rucksack. Just do your best.”
She dropped the jeans onto the bed and crossed the room to his discarded rucksack. Her fingers shook as she dug inside it. “I can’t find it,” she complained. “It’s not here.”
Rohan strode to her and seized the bag. He emptied the contents onto the bedspread. A small pouch bounced out and he snatched it. “This!” he bit. Deft fingers dug through the pouch until he hauled out a reel of tape, gauze and a strange pair of angled scissors. Emma held her breath as he hauled the tee shirt over his head and turned.
“Rohan!” she gasped. “It’s gone so far into your shoulder. You need a surgeon, not a sticking plaster.”
“Just cover it,” he instructed, his tone wooden and dispassionate.
Emma’s hands shook as she stood on the bed and dealt with the parted skin and exposed fatty layers between his left shoulder and his spine. Her eyes watered and she pressed her fingers hard over her lips. Her empty stomach reeled in protest, sending a heady faintness to dance through her brain. She used the gauze and the tape to cover the wound as he stood rigid as a post in front of her. “Ro, I haven’t done a wonderful job.” Her tone appealed to him, striking at the deeper level of his soul which remained open to her.
“It will do until we get home,” he grunted. His dismissal of the injury pricked Emma’s conscience. She imagined him brushing off the loss of his leg with the same disdain, the outer shell denying it hurt him or guaranteed his course towards destruction.
She inhaled and breathed out through her nose. “Just look at me.”
His lips parted at her soft tone. “I can’t.” He ground out the words and waved his right hand at her legs. “You stand there in pullover and knickers to undo all my hard won resolve with a single kiss.” His sentence carried regret but also determination. “Get dressed.” He barked the order. “You have five minutes, or I go without you.” He narrowed his eyelids to glare at her with azure irises shrouded in pain. “I mean it.”
Emma hauled on the jeans and rose. Her damp underwear chaffed, and she looked around for her other clothes. “Where’s the jacket you lent me?” she demanded. “It’s cold outside.”
“I need to get rid of it.” Rohan finished repacking the rucksack and fastened the ties. “It’s evidence.”
“Evidence?” she whispered. Her brown eyes widened to create dark orbs in her pale face. “Of the dead people?” She glanced towards the doormat and saw Rohan’s old jacket sprawled there with its arms splayed.
“And the fire.” He ground out the words through gritted teeth.
Emma floundered, twisting the soft wool between her fingers. “But I only hit the men over the head. They would have woken up again.”
“Not after Frederik finished with them.”
“Oh.” Emma looked around for her boots. “What do I wear on my feet?”
“New boots are in the other bag.” Rohan jerked his chin towards the door. “We’re leaving.”
Emma dug in her heels. “I don’t want to go with you. I’ll make my own way back to Harborough. You need to leave me and Nicky alone from now on. We don’t need your money or your involvement.”
Rohan snorted. “Dream on, Emma. He’s my son. You agreed we’d tell him together.”
“That was before this.” She backed towards the bathroom and surveyed her options. Weakness from hunger and thirst had reduced her effectiveness at anything other than hiding. Always calculating and running scenarios, Rohan anticipated her next move even before she’d formulated it with any certainty. He lurched forward and caught her wrist.
“Get in the car!”
“Touch me again and I’ll kill you!” she threatened. She twisted her arm and freed herself, more through Rohan’s decision to release her than in any skill of her own.
“Just get in the car.” He winced as he hefted the rucksack onto his other shoulder.
“What happened to Christopher?” Her question stopped him in his tracks and his fingers rested over the doorknob. “Please tell me.”
He didn’t turn to face her as he replied, “We make our own luck in this life. Don’t speak of him again.” The door opened and closed with a click as he walked towards the car and flung the rucksack into the boot.
He returned to find Emma pushing her feet into the new boots without socks. She glared up at him. “You’re taking away my old life. You’ve no right.”
“Boo hoo,” he replied. “Get in the car or don’t get in the car, Emma. I no longer care.”
Emma snorted. “What did you do with the gun? Isn’t that evidence too?”
Rohan’s lips parted and he cocked his head. “Gun?”
“In the right pocket of your jacket. Why don’t you just blow my brains out too? It would make things easier for you. Then you could torch this place and wash my blood down the shower drain.” Nicky’s face flashed past her inner vision. He laughed as he rode an old bike which he shared with Mo back on the estate. The flat tyres and missing pedals robbed nothing of their enjoyment. They’d taken turns pretending to be Harley Man. Emma gulped.
Rohan swore in Russian as he pulled the handgun from her pocket and held it close to his face. It made a series of clicks as he disarmed it. “You left the bloody safety off, Em!” he growled. “You could have blown us to bits while you tossed around in your sleep.”
“Shame I didn’t!” she muttered. “I didn’t ask you to get me kidnapped or drugged up to the eyeballs, did I?” She raised her voice to a shout and Rohan released a sigh of frustration.
“That’s right, tell everyone in the motel about it, why don’t you?” He stuck the handgun down the back of his trousers and dangled the jacket in his left hand. “In fact, why not just wait around for the cops hey? Nikolai can go into foster care for a few years. He won’t mind.”
“Don’t!” Emma strode towards him and he used the opportunity to snatch at her wrist. He kept her pinned to his side as they walked across the frozen car park to a vehicle she didn’t recognise.
Rohan shoved her into the passenger seat and slammed the door. She waited while he returned to the motel room and retrieved another plastic bag from which a cashmere coat peeked. The fact he’d bought her an expensive coat to replace his old jacket pricked at her conscience and she closed her eyes and fought the tears of sadness threatening to erupt.
Rohan slumped into the driver’s seat and fastened his seat belt.
“Where are we?” Emma asked.
“No matter.” He pressed a button on the dashboard and the ignition fired.
“I want to know how long before we’re back in Market Harborough!” Emma argued. “I just want my son.”
“Another three hours.” Rohan clicked a switch on his door to activate the central locking. “Fetch Nikolai tomorrow.”
“Don’t tell me what to do!” Emma shouted. Bottled anger welled up and occupied her chest and she lurched at Rohan, slamming her fists against his forearm. The seat belt caught around her throat and threw her back against the seat, having hurt herself more than him. He remained silent like a wall, and she sensed she’d never get through his armour for long enough to communicate her alarm to him.
Emma’s tired brain warred against her, foisting sleep on her to confound her planning. Whichever way she viewed her dire circumstances, Rohan held the upper hand. Anton had exacted a promise from her which she’d kept for six years and should have continued to keep. Letting Rohan into their lives had proved a monumental mistake. She closed her eyes and leaned her head against the seat. Even if she sold everything she owned, she wouldn’t raise enough for a train ticket, let alone two.
The sickness in her gut returned and Emma curled up on the front seat and slept. She didn’t speak to Rohan again. The lights of Market Harborough winked at her from beyond the windows as she woke on the outskirts of town. Rohan parked the car in the garage at the rear of the house, forcing Emma to walk the length of the garden to the back door. She stumbled up to her bedroom and face planted onto the mattress, still in her clothes.

Chapter 38
The timbre of men’s voices woke her at two in the morning. Emma lay on her back and stared at the ceiling, tracing the patterns of the streetlights against the plaster. For a fleeting moment, she wondered if Christopher had found his way home.
Curiosity drove her into the hallway, and she followed the muted voices to Rohan’s bedroom. He lay face down on the bed, his head dangling off the edge as another man examined the wound on his shoulder.
“Go to bed.” Rohan lifted his face to look at her and the man rose and put his hands on his hips.
“She can help.” His guttural accent activated a memory and she frowned and bit her lip. He looked up at her and crooked his index finger. “Come here,” he demanded.
Emma ventured closer, shoving her fringe out of her eyes and blinking against the bright overhead bulb. She reached the bed and glanced down at Rohan’s shoulder, all vestiges of sleep abandoning her. “Oh, that’s bad,” she hissed. Pink liquid oozed from the fatty layers of Rohan’s skin and the blueness of the muscle beneath showed through it. She put her hand over her mouth.
“Not helpful,” Rohan muttered. He jerked his head towards the other man. “Just do what the doctor tells you.”
“Doctor?” She frowned and her stomach roiled. The memory grew stronger, but trying to catch it gave her the sense of chasing fog. She yawned and fought against the drug induced headache tapping at her temples.
Her ineffectual attempt at first aid lay discarded on the floor as a clump of tape and gauze. The doctor leaned over Rohan, so his nose almost touched the open wound. He squirted liquid from a transparent bottle over the raw openness. Rohan swore. Russian, English and perhaps Spanish expletives pushed through his pursed lips.
“It’s okay.” Emma patted his good shoulder with gentle fingers, reducing him to the level of a child needing reassurance. Her eyelashes fluttered as he reached back and clasped her hand. His vibrant blue eyes glittered in the lamplight with a strange, faraway essence, as though his mind had gone somewhere else altogether.
“Keep still now.” The doctor took black fibre from a plastic wrapper and a curved, vicious looking needle, already threaded. Rohan closed his eyes as the man sewed through his tender skin, each stitch separately knotted. At over fifteen centimetres long, the knife wound stretched in a ragged arc around Rohan’s muscular shoulder blade. The doctor tacked a stitch every few centimetres, leaving long gaps through which the white fatty layers peeked. Emma rubbed Rohan’s sweating fingers and fought waves of nausea.
“Go wash hands!” the doctor snapped. “Put on glove.” His broken English stabbed the silence in staccato beats.
Emma obeyed, releasing Rohan’s fingers and stumbling to the bathroom. She washed her hands with soap and water and returned to the scent of antiseptic and stale aftershave.
The doctor indicated a box of disposable gloves poking from his open black bag. Emma seized a pair and dragged them onto her hands. The powder inside helped them glide over her damp fingers.
“Der!” the doctor commanded, pointing to a place next to him. Emma moved into it. “Stitch hold da wound. You push together like this.” He made pincer movements like a crab and Emma frowned as she tried to understand.
“Squeeze it together?”
“Da, da!” he replied. His grey head bobbed forward and back with enthusiasm.
Emma took a deep inhale and used both hands to press the flesh together into a line between the first of the rough looking stitches. Her jaw dropped open at the sight of the superglue in the doctor’s hand. “No! You can’t use that!” She released the skin and Rohan hissed in pain.
“Emma, let him do his bloody job! He knows what he’s doing.” Rohan spoke through gritted teeth, his irritation growing. She exhaled and resumed her grip as the frail looking man squirted the super glue along the seam she created between the folds.
“This is just wrong.” she complained. “You should go to a hospital.”
“Sleduyushchiy!”
“What? Sorry, what’s he saying?” Emma appealed to Rohan.
“Next,” Rohan groaned. “Next piece.”
Emma complained to the doctor. “But it’s not dry. It’ll bust apart.”
“Just do!” He reprimanded her and his spittle landed on her glove. She stared at it in horror and released her hold on the wound. It remained closed and she moved on with more confidence, closing each area while the doctor spread the glue. After a few minutes, the wound appeared closed. Ridged, angry skin rose like the smile of a maniacal clown.
“These.” The doctor turned with a pot of pills in his hand, dropping the rattling gift into Emma’s outstretched palm. He held up two fingers.
“What are they?” Emma asked. She turned the container in her hand, seeing no prescription written on its smooth surface.
“Antibiotics.” Rohan groaned as he twisted into a sitting position. “They’re strong. I’ve had them before.”
“But they could be anything,” Emma protested.
Rohan’s voice grew low with warning. “Please, Emma! Take him downstairs while I fetch his money. Give me a minute.”
The doctor flipped his gloves off his hands with expert precision. Emma held her gloved hand out to him. “I can put them in the dustbin, if you like,” she offered.
“No.” He shook his head and turned them inside out before stuffing them into his pocket. A dusting of powder littered the side of his navy suit jacket. In the light from the yellow bulb, his grey hair appeared thinner as he walked ahead of her.
Emma followed him downstairs, her footsteps sounding dull on the wooden treads as she removed her gloves. The doctor kneeled to fiddle in his bag while Emma remained with one hand on the banister rail. An edginess had filled her as the memory took shape in the back of her mind. “Where are you from?” she asked, looking for clarity in facts.
“Kiev.” He rapped out the answer with a flat, disinterested tone.
“Ukraine?” The colour drained from her already washed out complexion, leaving a grey hue covering her skin. The gloves made a slapping sound as they dropped onto the wooden step. “Ukraine.” She pressed herself up the steps until she’d gained enough height on him to offer safety. “It was you!” Panic seized her body, rendering her immobile as the sickness bit at her guts and caused water to spring to her eyes. “You tried to kill my son!”
The doctor rose and eyed Emma through narrowed, half closed slits. His hooked nose seemed to protrude further as he stared along it with scorn. Emma’s breath came in sharp heaves as she glared at the face of Alanya’s backstreet abortionist.
Rohan appeared at the top of the stairs. An unsteady gait hampered his slow journey to the bottom. He broached the turns in the staircase to land on the parquet floor with a heavy, exhausted tread. His torso remained naked, the wound garish in the dull light of a side lamp. “Spasibo,” he said.
The doctor accepted his payment of enough cash to feed Emma and Nicky for a month. She held her breath until the front door closed behind him. Then she sank to the stairs and put her head between her knees. She tasted acid in the back of her throat and concentrated on taking slow breaths.
“Sorry.” Rohan observed her distress, misunderstanding its origins. “You did well.”
“Go away,” she hissed. She pushed her fingers into her ears and blocked out his presence.
“I thought you would continue sleeping.” Tiredness accentuated the sharpness of his accent. Emma heard his words through the pounding of her own heartbeat.
“Did you know?” Her head shot up and she blinked away tears. They spilled over her eyelashes and plunged down the front of the pullover.
“Know what?” Rohan rubbed his eyes and stood his ground. The light cast shadows beneath the defined muscles of his torso.
Emma gave a snort filled with derision. She jabbed her finger at the closed door. “Alanya paid him to examine me, Rohan. He confirmed my pregnancy and went away to fetch his tools to kill your son!” Emma covered her face with her hands and hysteria licked at the surface of her sanity, eroding it with each inward breath. “You don’t get it, do you? Your entire family makes me sick. I wish my father never met you!”
Rohan reached for her and Emma slapped his hand away. She rose on wobbly legs, her new boots tight against her bare feet as she refused to hear his reply. “In my job, I must use back street doctors because some of my injuries attract official reports. I swear, I didn’t know what he’d done.”
“It doesn’t matter.” Her tone held resignation. “How can you ever understand? You can’t because you don’t understand me. You never did. Anton did. We were kindred spirits, him and me. You were no part of that and no part of my life for the last six years. You’re right, Rohan. We’re beyond finished.”
Emma turned and walked up the stairs, keeping her back straight and her dignity intact. Rohan seemed diminished, his head bowed and his eyes glittering with hurt. She slammed her bedroom door and pulled the bedside table in front of it, determined not to allow him to manipulate her again.
Emma showered at three in the morning, washing herself clean from the stink of the kidnapping, the death of her assailants and the ruination of the beautiful Scottish mansion. The smoke still hung in her nostrils and soot clogged the back of her tongue, more psychological than real. She scrubbed her teeth until her mouth filled with the stinging scent of mint and the bristles on her brush arced backwards like an old broom. The sickness rose again and she fought it, sitting on the side of the bath and jamming her face between her knees. “Emma Harrington, you’re a bloody mess,” she whispered to herself. Daylight couldn’t come soon enough.

Chapter 39
“Where are you going? We need to talk.”
“I’m getting Nicky. And no, we don’t.” Emma stepped over Rohan’s feet as he sat on the sofa in the wide hallway, stretching his legs out to block her exit. She wore the new boots through a lack of alternative but couldn’t accept the expensive coat which hung on her usual peg in the hall cupboard. Instead, she used layers of old clothing against the Saturday morning freeze.
“You need to listen to me!” Rohan stood up, listing to his left as his face clouded with pain. “Please. I didn’t know about the doctor, Emma. And I don’t want Nikolai to come home to this atmosphere between us.”
“Home?” Emma’s loaded smile held years of sadness. “This isn’t his home. And as you pointed out last night, there is no us.”
“Emma!” Rohan raised his voice. “He’s my son. You promised we’d talk to him.”
Emma snorted. “You promised lots of things, Rohan. And delivered nothing. You married me, you got me pregnant and you left. You went off to a war you had no business joining. Then when you came home, you believed lies about me because you wanted to play the hero in other wars that weren’t yours. Nicky and I would have inconvenienced you.” She closed her eyes and tilted her head on her shoulders. “Christopher Dolan watched over me when you didn’t. And now he’s dead because of you. Anton trusted him more than you to take care of us. What does that tell you about your own brother’s regard for your selfishness? Where were you, Rohan? Because that was your job. So, where were you?”
Rohan swallowed, his blue eyes flashing with misery. He opened his mouth and closed it again without speaking. Then his knees bent and his body folded back onto the sofa, landing with a bump. He ran his hand through his blond hair and leaned forward, his elbows resting on his knees. “You’re right,” he agreed. “Everything you’ve said is true. My mother told me she caught you cheating. She explained how you ran away and she didn’t want me to look for you. I returned from Afghanistan broken and it took time to heal. Anton promised you’d understand but I couldn’t take the risk. Until I saw you at Fred’s wedding. Then I realised what a fool I’d been. You fled with a blond haired six-year-old and I couldn’t leave it alone.”
Emma’s fingers writhed in front of her. She spoke through gritted teeth. “Anton told you to find me months earlier. His dying wish attempted to undo all the lies and give us closure. But still you didn’t bother.”
Rohan shook his head. “No.”
“Did you have any intention of fulfilling his wishes or was running into you at the wedding pure chance?”
“You ran into me.” Rohan smiled and rubbed his eyes. “I regret everything, Emma.” He thumped his temple with the flat of his hand.
She watched him for a moment, ruing his failure as a husband and father. Then she left, slipping into the street without looking back. Fresh, cold air encircled her head the second she stepped off the porch. Pine needles and the scent of someone’s roast lunch tugged at her confused stomach.
She took a deep breath before she knocked on Allaine’s door, hearing Farrell’s sharp bark from inside the house. His eager nose snuffled behind the front door and the barking increased to fever pitch as he recognised Emma’s scent. She readied her smile as the door swung open and Allaine’s concerned gaze met hers.
“Oh, thank goodness!” Allaine’s arms enfolded her. Emma looked past her at Nicky and Kaylee watching from the kitchen doorway. The dog barrelled into her legs, keen to take part in the reunion. Emma saw the wariness in her son’s eyes and her heart sank. He would see straight through any attempts to brush off her disappearance as normal.
“Whoa boy!” Emma seized Farrell’s collar and forced him to sit. His tail wagged like a sail as she tried to push past him in the narrow hallway.
“You said Mummy went for a little holiday wiv Uncle Rohan.” Nicky pursed his lips and put his hands on his hips. “You were lying, weren’t ya, Allaine?” The Spiderman outfit spoiled the effect of his reprimand. It looked a size too small and it stretched tight across his chest. The leggings showed the top of his underpants and rucked around his thighs. Kaylee bounced up and down next to him, clutching a silver wand which blended with her fairy outfit.
“Om er!” she interjected. “Lying’s naughty, init Mummy? You wouldn’t tell lies to us, would you?”
Allaine gulped and remained silent. She walked through to the kitchen and flicked the switch on the kettle. Mugs clattered as she busied her shaking fingers.
Nicky reached behind him and attempted to retrieve the offending seam from between his buttocks. His face remained dark and unforgiving. “You left me.” Accusation loaded his tone. “You promised you’d always be here. Old Mo’s mum left him and you promised you’d never do that.”
Emma studied her son with a gaze saddened by exhaustion and a sense of futility. She couldn’t make this right. The intelligent child with the bright blue eyes would know if she lied and trust her even less. She faced Nicky with a fresh injection of fake confidence. “I won’t lie to you, Nicky. We’ll talk later and I’ll explain what I can. Is that good enough for now?”
Rohan’s blue eyes stared from her son’s face as he cocked his head on one side like a little bird. “Okay then,” he agreed. “Do you love my suit? Allaine got it for me from the Pound Shop. It cost a quid but fifty pence of it keeps getting stuck up my ass.”
“Nicky!” Emma interrupted him with a speed born of experience. “Fat Brian’s language is not suitable for Market Harborough, remember?”
“Ah yeah.” He twisted his lips. “Is Uncle Ro back too?”
Emma nodded, the haunted look returning. “Yeah, sweetheart. He’s quite tired and he’s got some stuff to sort out.”
“Okay.” Nicky grinned, pressing his nose against Emma’s stomach and wrapping his arms around her waist. “I missed you, Mummy.”
“I missed you too,” she whispered. Her fingers stroked the top of his head, realising he’d never understand how much.
The children bounced off to play upstairs and Emma sat at Allaine’s kitchen table. She laid her cheek on her forearms. “I suppose you want to hear what happened,” she sighed. Tiredness dogged her voice.
Allaine whirled around. “Of course, I do! Every detail!”
Emma told Allaine some of her story, exacting a promise that she’d keep it to herself. She left out the part about the dead kidnappers and the burning mansion, but told her what Christopher relayed in the eerie darkness.
“So Rohan isn’t just a number cruncher?” Allaine said with awe. Her eyes sparkled. “He takes back what they stole? What did you call it? Risk management?”
Emma nodded. “He and Christopher fly all over the world, selling their skills to the highest bidder.”
“Like a mercenary?”
Emma rolled her eyes. “They’re certainly that!”
“This is so exciting. Tell me something they’ve done,” Allaine begged. “Something else.”
“Christopher said an employee stole the blueprints for a bomb from a laboratory in Oslo. Ro had to find him and take back the blueprints and any copies.”
“Does he kill people?” Allaine wrinkled her nose. “What should I tell Will?”
Emma sighed and ran a hand over her tired eyes. She remembered Rohan’s voice in her drugged state, ordering Frederik to make sure no one survived the burning building. She shivered. “Rohan wouldn’t want a policeman to know any of this.”
“Okay. But tell me about Christopher again, your mysterious date.” Allaine rocked forward on her chair, her eyes dancing with the thrill of pure gold.
“Oh, I still need to mend your dress.” Emma’s shoulder’s drooped.
“Don’t worry about it.” Allaine leaned forward and rested her chin on her hands. “So, the Irish guy followed you all that time because your dead stepbrother asked him to?” Her eyelashes fluttered. “How romantic!”
Emma smiled. “Christopher’s a complete lush. I’d never feel secure with someone like him. Anyway, it’s not really an option.” She sighed. “Look, I know Rohan is Nicky’s father, but I can’t stay here anymore. Nicky can perform in the Christmas nativity next Friday, and then I’ll head back up north. Hopefully, my council house will still be available and not turned into a tinny house. I need to accept my limits and get on with my life.”
Allaine’s eyes filled with dark devastation and she blinked. “But I’ll miss you.”
Emma reached across and grabbed her hand, almost knocking over the drinks Allaine had placed between them. “I’m so grateful for your friendship. I’ve never had a proper friend before now.”
Allaine looked down and then gasped, pushing Emma’s sleeves back to reveal the red wheals from the handcuffs. “It’ll fade,” Emma said, withdrawing her arms. “Compared to dying, it’s the least of my worries.”
“I think you’re wrong,” Allaine soothed.
Emma peeled back her cuffs and examined the swollen skin. “Oh. Don’t you think it’ll fade?”
“Not that. I think you’re wrong about leaving Rohan. Anyone can see how much he loves you and Nicky. He’s the most doting parent in the playground.”
Emma shook her head. “Ro doesn’t know what love is. I’ve had this starry-eyed, schoolgirl crush on him forever. We’ve both grown up and like he admitted yesterday, we’re toxic together. He’s not interested.” She frowned and let the pain roll over her. Planning a new future would distract her from her current difficulties. She’d done it before and she’d do it again. This time, neither Anton nor Christopher would create a silent, overseeing partnership. She’d be truly alone.
Emma smiled before using her palm to cover the escaped yawn. “I’m exhausted.” She sighed. “Sorry.”
Nicky protested at the threat of leaving Allaine’s. He begged to stay and Allaine agreed. “It’s nice for me,” she insisted. “With my older kids gone, Kaylee gets bored and clingy. It’s great having someone else to occupy her. Let him stay one more night.”
“And tomorrow morning!” Nicky urged. “I wanna go to their church and see God.”
Emma wrinkled her nose and shrugged. “If you’re happy with that, Allaine, then I’m grateful. I could use an early night and lie in tomorrow.”
“Yey!” the children chorused. They disappeared upstairs with Nicky lagging, retrieving the Spiderman seam from his backside.
Emma let herself into Rohan’s silent house with her key. The dog trailed behind her. “In you go,” she told him. Farrell inspected his bed, and then sniffed around the kitchen. Emma shook kibbles into his bowl, and he ate before hurling himself into his squashy cushions. “Stay here, I’m going for a sleep. Your master’s done one of his disappearing acts again.”
Upstairs, Emma flopped onto her unmade bed, still fully clothed. She yawned, turned over and woke in the darkness to the feel of Rohan shaking her shoulder. “Emma wake up. Please Em! I don’t know what to do! Katastrofa!” Catastrophe.

Chapter 40
“Nicky?” Emma sat up too fast and her vision spun. She listed, putting her feet on the rug and clutching her stomach. Rohan took her shoulders in his hands and flicked on the overhead bulb.
“Where is he?”
Emma shielded her eyes against the brightness. The scent of smoke still lingered in her hair. “He’s still at Allaine’s. Is it Christopher? What’s happened?” Emma rubbed at the tightness of her eyelids. “Turn the light out, please?”
“No! Why do you care about Hack?” Rohan released her and stepped back as though he’d found her contaminated. She dipped forward and then exhaled. Gnawing hunger roiled her stomach but created a minor threat. One she could sleep through if she tried.
Rohan gaped as she turned away from him and settled on the mattress. She curled herself into a ball and dragged the bedspread over her legs. Her jeans dug into her, but she lacked the energy to shed them. “Emma!” Rohan’s testiness intensified.
“If Nicky’s fine then I don’t give a damn. Leave me alone.” She released a contented sigh and pushed her face into the pillow to block out the light. “What time is it?”
“Still Saturday. It’s seven o’clock.”
“Okay.” The pillow muffled Emma’s voice. “Nicky has a play next Friday and then it’s the end of term. We’ll leave on Saturday. I checked my bank account earlier and I received a payment of unemployment benefit. It means I can afford the train home to Lincoln. You should feel relieved, Rohan. You can have your life all to yourself.”
Emma looked up as the bedroom door clicked shut. She rolled onto her other side and probed her heart. She’d expected relief but found only emptiness. Her emotional fragility mocked her with the fake bravado she used on him.
After another hour of trying and failing to sleep, Emma woke and used the bathroom. She washed her face in cold water to reduce the puffiness of her eyes and the greyness of her pallor. Downstairs, she ran water into the kettle and stood over it while it boiled. Movement and the scrape of a chair came from the dining room. Rohan’s voice rumbled in a one-sided conversation. Emma sighed. “One more week,” she whispered to herself. “Play nice, Emma.”
The door creaked as she poked her head around it. Rohan sat at the dining table, his laptop open to a black screen with white code stacked along the left. “Coffee?” she mouthed and he turned and nodded. Emma withdrew just as he spoke to the person on the other end of the call. “But they’ve already charged her. They say there’s strong enough evidence to put her before a magistrate.”
Emma raised her eyebrows and shrugged. “Not my circus, not my monkey,” she whispered to Farrell as he popped his head up from his paws and thumped his tail against the tiles. She made a mug of coffee, adding the milk and sugar Rohan liked. Then she returned to the dining room.
“Sorry about before,” she began. “What I meant to say was thank you for letting us stay. I know Nicky has enjoyed it.” She frowned when Rohan didn’t reply. He closed his eyes and squeezed the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger. He moved with stiffness in his left side and the cut on his lip showed signs of splitting. His blond hair stuck up on his head and beard growth pressed through his skin like a covering of bristly grass. He sighed and as Emma laid the mug on the table, he grabbed her sore wrist, holding it in his bunched fingers. When he turned his gaze on her, his irises glittered with the blue of a stormy sea.
“You’re hurting me.” Emma kept her tone even. She glanced down at her wrist and Rohan followed her gaze. He released her as though she’d burned him and he rose to his feet.
“Why didn’t you say something?” He reached for her again and Emma stuck her arms behind her back.
“I didn’t like your doctor.” She spoke the curt answer with enough bite to make him wince.
Rohan’s features sagged and he sank into his chair. The gauze covering his wound showed as a line beneath his tee shirt. “I’m sorry.” The apology held a genuine ring and Emma frowned, not recognising this contrite version of her husband. Rohan sighed and sipped his coffee. He winced as the hot liquid burned his lip. “I deserved everything you said earlier. Your reasons for leaving are valid. I’d like you to accept an allowance for Nicky, so you can live a little better than you did before we met.”
Emma took a step back, his words as painful as a stab wound. A dull ache pulsed in her stomach. He’d reduced their connection to a financial arrangement and it seemed far worse than no connection at all. Her heart had lied to her, convincing her she could walk away without consequences. But she couldn’t. He’d ruined her for anyone else and she’d never trust again.
“Don’t bother.” The words hissed through her teeth and her spine turned with the grace of a wooden block. “I don’t need anything from you.”
Emma’s heart cracked and left a gaping void in her chest. She exited the room and scooped up her boots, phone and an extra sweater. She fled the house, ignoring the excited dog who whined to go with her. The front door clicked behind her as her first sob escaped. The door mat felt prickly beneath her socks, the cold seeping into her toes. Emma squashed her feet into the new boots, grateful for the lack of holes in the sole. The gate slammed as the stress-ache in her stomach returned, permeating her core with its bite. As she crossed Nithsdale Avenue, she caught sight of Felicity’s slender figure bounding towards the house from the other direction. She ducked down the alley between two houses and emerged in the street behind, ill equipped for a shouting match with her nemesis. Her icy fingers cradled the fractured fragments of her heart, but as always, she sensed Rohan would survive with less damage.
Town proved busy for a Saturday evening and a welcome darkness enfolded her. The proximity to Christmas fed the craze for late night shopping sprees, and Emma dodged people as she searched for the shops she needed. Her Visa card passed through the machines without incident, but she still held her breath as she punched in the numbers and waited.
Emma kept the small package pressed against her stomach, reacting to the hard edges of the box as she sat on a bench beneath the protection of St Dionysius Church. The train tickets rustled in her back pocket. “I suppose you’ve seen many stupid women like me?” she whispered to the ancient structure. False warmth oozed from the yellow glow of its floodlit stone. The church remained silent, but Emma drew comfort from a presence which provided a symbol of sanity in a crazy age.
She delayed returning to Rohan’s house, dawdling beneath the shelter of the old school house. She closed her eyes and stroked the solid oak beams. Her archivist’s mind sought connection with the citizens of Market Harborough who were long since dead and buried in the churchyard or scattered on the green rolling hills of the town’s perimeter. Only emptiness and loss returned to her where she wanted their wisdom. A warm tear ran down her freezing cheek as she pressed her lips against the rough beam. “I’ve allowed him to destroy me again,” she whispered to the women of old, knowing God would never allow them to hear her. “I shouldn’t have come. Everything’s worse. What am I going to do?”
Nobody answered, but Emma sensed her confession hadn’t fallen on deaf ears. A fragile thread of inner strength trailed from her heart to her head, giving her a modicum of confidence. Warmth flooded into the tips of her toes, and Emma glanced back at the stone church behind her. It remained tight lipped and silent as traffic flowed past with glittering headlights. But Emma felt the stirring of new life and acceptance. Someone watched over her and wished her well.
She marched home with renewed vigour, her mind turning with plans for a new future. “Everything will be okay,” she chanted under her breath. She counted ten steps and repeated the mantra, forcing her to believe its truth.
She reached the porch as a light December rain called time on the eager shoppers. Her frozen fingers fumbled the door key and she sighed with frustration. Parked cars lined the street on either side, but a light steam rose from the bonnet of the car next to Rohan’s front gate as the rain hit it.
Emma stepped into the wall of heat, nausea pushing back into her throat and spoiling her illusion of confidence. The glare of the lights pained her eyes after the darkness. Emma stowed her boots in the hall cupboard and padded through to the kitchen. Her empty cup stood in the sink, the stain of her cold coffee just a patch near the plug hole.
“Hey.” Rohan’s voice sounded flat as he walked up behind her. Emma stiffened at his proximity as he snagged a mug from the cupboard and flicked the switch on the kettle. “This is Craig. He’s my lawyer.” Emma swallowed and turned, nodding to the middle-aged man who followed Rohan into the kitchen. She held her breath and waited for Felicity to appear, relieved when she didn’t. Her heart unclenched enough to let her breathe.
Craig stood at an average height, coffee skinned and green eyed. He stepped forward and offered his hand, his mouth giving an upward tilt of approval. “Nice to meet you, Mrs Andreyev.”
Emma opened her mouth to contest the title, but Rohan’s wince in her peripheral vision stopped her correcting him. “Nice to meet you, Craig. Can I get you some tea or coffee?”
“Thank you.” Craig gave his order, black hair running to grey in his sideburns as he accepted a packet of biscuits which Rohan dug from a drawer. Emma went through the machinations of preparing the mugs while the men talked behind her. Rohan’s speed at engaging his lawyer placed the final full stop over their lingering marriage. She wanted nothing from him on Nicky’s behalf. She parted her lips to say so, but Rohan’s voice cut through the silence.
“So, what now?” he asked. A sigh accompanied his question, tiredness dogging his features as he leaned against the sink with his arms folded.
“She spoke to the police,” Craig replied. “Refusing a lawyer means the damage is already done. She waived her right to a phone call and I’m surprised the police contacted you, anyway. I suspect her age concerned them and made them want to demonstrate clemency if her defence accuses them of anything else later. They claim to have witness statements and evidence she’s done it twice before this one. I can challenge the confession on the grounds of her age and possible manipulation of someone using English as a second language, but I have little hope of changing the outcome. I’m sorry.” Craig took the mug of tea with a nod as Emma turned and handed it to him. He gave her a wan smile which held sympathy.
“The police arrested my mother.” Rohan inhaled. “She’s confessed to murdering my father and another old man last week.”
“And mine!” Emma’s statement rapped out as an accusation and she gripped the edge of the counter in an effort not to fall. The room spun like a fairground ride and she heard the tiny moan escape her lips as though it came from someone else. She fixed her gaze on Rohan, seeking a static point in the room as understanding flooded her. “You’re trying to get her off, aren’t you?” Emma let go of the counter and stared at her husband, aghast at his misplaced loyalty. “Again, you screw me over because of your mother. Will you never learn, Rohan? She’s a murderer. Anton knew it, I know it, and even Christopher saw it. Are you really so deluded that you can’t?” Emma turned sparkling mahogany irises on the lawyer, who watched her with his mug halfway to his lips. “Have they taken her herb garden from the balcony outside her apartment?”
The lawyer shrugged and shot a nervous glance at Rohan before shaking his head in a tiny motion. “They only have her confession, but she stopped talking so they have no hard evidence, no.”
Rohan snorted in disgust. “Geez, Em! It’s a herb garden, with parsley and stuff for her recipes. I bought her new compost for it last month. Did you do this? Did you call the cops on her and finally get your wish?”
Emma’s eyes flashed with danger as the lawyer cleared his throat. “Your wife isn’t involved, Rohan. The residential home called the police. An elderly male died last week under mysterious circumstances. Your mother had cooked for him over the last month after his wife died.”
“They’re old men!” Rohan roared. “It’s a residential home! People buy apartments there so they can enjoy their last few years with help and friendship! They choose that as their final destination.”
The lawyer shook his head. “Rohan, the best defence against the murder charge is to plead insanity.”
Rohan didn’t let him continue. “Are you kidding me?”
Craig sighed and placed his drink on the counter. “I wish, my friend. You need to let me intervene and ask for psychological reports, sooner rather than later.”
“No, no!” Rohan put the heels of his hands against his eyes and pressed hard. “She wouldn’t kill anyone. She’s been a good mother. You don’t understand. She’s just misunderstood. Why can’t you see that?” He pulled his hands away and begged Emma with his vibrant blue eyes. “I know you believed she hated you, Emma. But don’t you remember how when you caught all those stomach upsets, she made you special drinks and researched how to help you?”
Emma shook her head. “She caused my stomach upsets, Ro. Anton stopped me taking anything from her eventually. He told me about your little sister and her mysterious ailments, undiagnosed by any physician in Russia. He said it broke you when she died.” Emma moved to his side and reached up to touch his cheek. His stubble scratched her fingers. “Remember Anton’s clumsiness at mealtimes? All those drinks of yours he spilled and the plates of food he knocked over and replaced with his own? He protected us, Ro. We cleaned up the mess because she terrified us. But also, we wanted her to believe you ate or drank whatever she prepared. Because of Anton’s incredible sacrifice, she decided you were immune. She stopped feeding you her special cures and moved onto us. Anton became a master of deception and taught me never to touch what she made. When he went to university, it got harder to avoid her potions. She fed me her herbal concoctions until I vomited. I used to get so hungry my stomach felt like it was eating itself. I stole food from the corner shop to stay alive.”
Emma ran her hand over Rohan’s cheek, agony spilling from a dark place in her soul. “We married and I thought you’d take me away from her. I hoped you understood, but how could you after all those years of Anton shielding you? Alanya caught me vomiting from the morning sickness and tried to fill me with her ‘cures’. I faked drinking them like Anton taught me, but she caught me tipping the last one out of the window. That’s when she brought in your Ukrainian doctor.” Her hands shook as she dropped them by her sides. “I saw Felicity walking here earlier today. You’ve surrounded yourself with craziness, Rohan. Felicity has fed your mother confidential information about Nicky and if this is my one chance to remove the threat of Alanya, then I’m taking it.”
Emma turned to the lawyer. “Anton’s no longer here to speak for himself but I’ll testify on his behalf. Please notify whoever needs to know. I’m here until the first day of the holidays. After that, I don’t know where they can find me, so they need to get in touch before I leave.”
Emma extended her hand and Craig took her fingers in his. Confusion created lined shadows over his face. “When we meet again, you’ll be cross examining me in the witness stand,” she said with forced politeness. Craig straightened his shoulders and nodded. Emma touched her breastbone with fluttering fingers. “I wouldn’t take this case if I were you. There are no winners.”
She left then, donning her boots and sweater and heading back out into the freezing night air. Allaine opened the front door with a wide smile. “Hey, gorgeous! Oh.” She peered at Emma’s ashen face in the porch light. “What’s wrong? Couldn’t you sleep?”
Emma removed her outdoor clothing and hurled herself down on the lounge sofa. A penetrating ache involved every muscle in her body. After a few minutes, Allaine placed a mug of tea into her hands and she groaned with relief. “I’ve wasted two cups of tea this afternoon already. Where are the kids?”
“Will took them to the movie theatre in Leicester. I bet he springs for fast food on the way home too.”
“Nicky’s never been to see a movie.” Emma bowed her head over her steaming mug. “And we never afford fast food. He’ll think it’s Christmas!”
“It almost is.” Allaine settled on the sofa next to Emma, turning sideways to peer at her. “Will misses knocking around with our boys. Kaylee’s a proper girly girl. That’s what happens when an unexpected one pops out just when you thought you were finished childbearing. You get a ringer.” Allaine frowned. “Now, are you going to tell me what’s wrong?”
Emma told her about Alanya Harrington’s arrest, and Allaine whistled through her teeth. “Sounds like a form of Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy. The sufferer manufactures ailments for their children, but really, it’s them making the child sick. They use poison, forms of bloodletting, even suffocation in severe cases. It has a high mortality rate for children. It’s child abuse, but often undetected. I did heaps of testing in the lab, trying to work out how they’d done it. One woman used to feed her poor toddler salt through a syringe. He died a very painful death.”
“Oh, stop!” Emma pleaded, putting her hands over her ears. “Please don’t tell me anymore. It makes me ill.”
“Sorry.” Allaine pulled Emma’s hands down and clasped them in hers. “This must be awful for you.”
Emma nodded. “Rohan’s father served as a foreign envoy when Britain became more amenable to Russia in the 1990s. From what Anton told me, it was a fresh start for the family after their little sister’s death from a virus. They came over here and settled in London. Anton remembered his father paying for a private doctor. In Russia, Alanya poisoned Anton and the little girl alternately, but it affected her much worse. Their father couldn’t understand when Anton’s sickness started again without explanation. He remembered arguments and then the father developed a stomach complaint. The Russian Embassy used a specialist on Harley Street, but Sergei Andreyev died without a diagnosis.” Emma removed her slender fingers from Allaine’s grip. She scrubbed at her drooping eyelids.
“Just before Alanya’s visa expired, she went husband shopping. I never understood why a Russian Orthodox woman ended up at an Anglican church in the back of beyond, but Dad told this odd story in his wedding speech. He said he met her once before in St Paul’s Cathedral just after my mother died. He went to an Anglican conference there. Everyone attributed it to divine intervention. But I suspect Alanya considered him enough of a candidate for citizenship that she followed him back to Lincolnshire. She could have flattered him into giving useful information about himself during a casual conversation. She’s a forceful woman. For someone like my father, it would be intimidating.”
Emma sighed and ran a shaking hand over her face. “My father was a good man, Allaine. He believed only the best of people. He never saw that cruel and unrelenting side of her nature. My childhood memories contain visions of avoiding her food, then feeling hungry enough to eat sour crab apples from the tree in the garden. Rohan broke his arm and suffered a concussion scrounging pears from the tree next door.” Emma stiffened and twisted her lips into a grimace. “Why doesn’t he remember those things?”
Allaine stroked a tear from Emma’s cheek and she jumped. She hadn’t noticed the outworking of her despair and frustration. Allaine sat back against the cushions. “Perhaps he’s blocked it out of his memory. It’s more common than we think.”
“And Anton protected him.”
“His younger brother?” Allaine’s gaze darted to a photograph of her boys over the mantelpiece. “He sounds amazing.”
Emma released the sigh she’d locked into her chest. “He was. He had this dramatic zest for living and he shrouded me with his safe covering of fantasy and idealism. In his imaginary world, we always had more than enough to eat, and we could go anywhere. We killed the baddies and good always triumphed.” She wiped her nose on her sleeve. “I think I fell in love with Rohan beneath the shadow of Anton’s wing in a world that didn’t exist. It made sense in his imagination but not in the real world.”
“Does Rohan think the same way?” Allaine’s soft voice cut across Emma’s thoughts.
“Who knows what Rohan Andreyev thinks?” Emma sniffed. “He spent a lot of weekends and every school holiday with an uncle in Scotland. Perhaps that’s the problem. Anton and I conjured this hero figure for our games and it overlapped into real life.”
Allaine made a snuffling sound as she added, “And perhaps he’s based his reality around that hero figure. He’s still trying to fit the mould.”
Allaine settled Emma into a single bed in the attic bedroom. Her kindness picked at the frayed edges of Emma’s determination to leave Market Harborough. She lent her pyjamas and brought her a mug of hot chocolate. “Don’t think about anything else tonight,” she whispered as she closed the bedroom door. “We’ll talk tomorrow. Things always seem better in the daylight.”

Chapter 41
Emma woke around five in the morning, confused by the unfamiliar floral scent of the room. She drew her pullover over the borrowed pyjamas and padded downstairs to the first level. A board squeaked as she stepped onto the landing and she winced and froze. Masculine snores came from the master bedroom at the front of the house.
Nicky slept on a mattress on Kaylee’s floor and Emma peeked through the doorway at him. Moonlight picked up the white highlights in his blond hair and his sleeping bag rustled as he turned over with a sigh. She used the bathroom and paused at the bottom of the stairs leading to the attic bedroom. The squeaking board let out a low grumble as she placed her bare foot on it. Emma withdrew her weight and held her breath. She considered her options. Taking a running jump seemed a bad idea in the dead of night and she retreated, finding her way to the ground floor.
The galley kitchen at the back of the house offered a refuge. Emma paused at the window and watched the daylight blooming as a distant glow from a far-off corner of the earth. The frost on the grass reflected the full moon outside, twinkling like a carpet of glitter. She sipped water from a mug she found drying on the draining board and glancing up, she saw him stroll into view.
Like an apparition in the garden, his stance appeared casual as he leaned against the wooden shed. The red glow from a cigarette flamed and disappeared. Emma’s fingers shook as she placed her mug on the counter and turned the key to unlock the back door. The blast of wintry English air assailed her bare feet as she stepped onto the freezing concrete patio. Emma closed the door behind her and ran across the frozen grass, the stiff blades crunching beneath her toes.
“Hey there.” He blew cigarette smoke over her head before clasping her against him, the zipper of his coat scratching her face. “So, the shit’s hit the fan?” His soft tone accentuated the beauty of his lilting Irish accent as Emma nodded against his chest.
“I thought you died.” She wrapped her arms around his warm body, his betrayal forgiven amid bigger issues.
Placing the cigarette between his lips, Christopher bent and lifted Emma. He nestled her in arms that communicated strength and reassurance. His footsteps crunched as he carried her to a small orchard crafted by Allaine’s competent fingers. A metal bench creaked beneath their combined weight. He shifted Emma sideways across his thighs and freed his cigarette.
Taking one final drag and exhaling the nicotine scented fumes, Christopher stubbed it out on the underside of the bench before lobbing it over the fence. He cradled Emma against his shoulder and stilled.
The cigarette smoke hung around their heads and Emma pressed icy fingers over her mouth. Christopher chuckled. “Sorry, darlin’. I’ll give it up if you come away with me.”
“Liar,” Emma replied.
His laugh sounded hollow. “Aye, yer probably right. Why give up the things you enjoy, like sex and smokes. I’ll be a long time dead.” He jerked his head towards the silent house. “They seem like a nice family you’re staying with. Interesting stuff in their bins.”
“Don’t!” Emma sat up, her eyes glistening with moisture in the moonlight. She struggled as though trying to rise. “I don’t want you spying on them! They’re good people.”
“It’s okay. We won’t talk about anything you don’t want to. Just sit with me for a while. Yeah?”
Emma nodded and snuggled against Christopher’s lapel, his rough fingers rubbing warmth into her arms. “I’m glad you’re safe,” she admitted, white mist escaping from her lips with her words and leaving a dissipating trail. “I worried. You look as banged up as Rohan.” Stitches held his eyebrow together and his lip bulged on one side. A black eye and deep cut across the bridge of his nose evidenced his fight with Rohan, plus whatever happened afterwards.
“Och! You’ve enough of your own worries. Don’t be minding about me.”
A bat soared overhead, visible in Emma’s peripheral vision but gone when she tried to focus on it. An owl hooted and she sat up as the chill snaked through her bones. Christopher stroked her cheek and pressed their foreheads together. “I’d give you my coat, but I’m not staying. I came to say goodbye.”
“How did you know I’d see you?” she asked, her eyes bright in the moonlight. “I might not have come downstairs.”
Christopher smiled, his teeth white against his shadowed face. “I have the luck of the Irish, Emma. Haven’t you realised that yet?”
Emma shivered and wrinkled her nose. “How can you hang around outside all night?” She glossed over his farewell, not wanting the loneliness to back fill his silent involvement in her life. The bat swooped nearer, curiosity driving it to investigate what its sonar had detected. “Don’t you get cold and scared?” She crouched lower, pushing her face against Christopher’s shoulder.
“No. Darkness is a state of mind,” he whispered.
Emma toyed with the notion of leaving with him, but then she factored in her son and the idea faded. Nicky’s excitement at performing as a wise man had pinned her to the town longer than she wanted. “I’m leaving here next weekend,” she stated, the chattering of her teeth acting as a reminder she needed to go inside and plan her exit from Market Harborough.
“No, you’re not.” Christopher kissed her forehead. “Don’t go back to that estate, Emma. Rohan will fetch you right back, so don’t push him. It’ll be a waste of those train tickets in yer room.”
“You don’t know I bought train tickets!” Emma bolted upright and Christopher chuckled.
“I do, so. And about the other things too.I would have bought the wee boy jelly vitamins if I’d known he liked them.”
Emma groaned and ignored his probing. “I can’t stay here with Rohan. Please don’t make me.”
“You’re a pair of eejits. But you’ll work it out.”
Emma’s hands trembled against Christopher’s jacket. “He offered me some money to support Nicky.”
“So he should. The wee boy is his son.” He nudged her shoulder. “Now he knows about him, anyway.” Christopher left his reprimand hanging in air which spangled with floating water molecules.
“Do you think it might snow?” Emma asked. Her tone held the wistfulness of a child.
“Aye.” Christopher rested his chin on the top of her head. “But listen. I know you’re not gonna take a blind bit of notice of my advice. But wait a few days. Someone’s looking for you. Let them speak to you before you think of moving away from here.”
“No! Who?” Emma’s eyes widened, her pale skin reflecting the moonlight.
Christopher smiled. “D’ya trust me, Em?” He waited a heartbeat until she nodded. “Then do as I ask. You’ve led him a merry dance up and down the country to end up on his own front doorstep. So just give the man a break and wait it out. For me. Please?”
“Is he nice?” Emma turned her bottom lip down in a sulk.
“Who cares?” Christopher snorted. “He’s somethin’ to show you. So, you’ll wait?” Emma nodded in agreement, although the set of her shoulders displayed reluctance. “Now, you’ve to go inside before you catch yer death and I’ve somewhere to be.”
Emma stood and shifted from foot to foot in the icy grass, the biting cold attacking her exposed skin. Christopher rose from the bench and wrapped his scarf around his throat. Then he placed his hands over Emma’s shoulders and observed her one last time. “Goodbye, Emma Andreyev,” he breathed, sadness creeping into his dark eyes. “I wish I hadn’t fallen in love with you, but hey, shit happens.” He leaned forward and his soft lips touched hers. His breath warmed her face, his kiss filled with tantalising promises of lust and excitement. Emma’s eyelids closed and a flare ignited in her stomach. The faint smell of cigarettes lingered in a haze.
She opened her eyes the moment he disconnected, emptiness rushing to fill the space in her heart he’d occupied. He’d gone, leaving nothing but an illusion in the shadows near the fence. Emma squinted, hoping for one last sighting of Christopher Dolan. He’d proved untameable and unstoppable in his constant quest for something only he understood. She raised her hand in a final wave before she turned, hearing the eerie hoot of an owl nearby and wondering if he heard it too.

Chapter 42
“You look less haggard,” Allaine told Emma as she pushed a mug of tea across the kitchen table. Her red headed husband offered her a smile as he readied the children for church.
Nicky popped onto Emma’s lap, forcing his way into the narrow gap between her stomach and the table. “Come church wiv us, Mummy. Jesus doesn’t throw lightning bolts, I promise. Will laughed when I told him you said that.”
Will bit his lip and winced, caught in his mocking of Emma’s antiquated beliefs. Allaine gave her husband a stern glare before pulling on her boots. Emma kissed her son’s rosy lips and smoothed away a smear of chocolate spread from his chin. “I say silly things sometimes.” She forced a smile. “My daddy knew Jesus. Don’t believe everything I tell you, Nick. Some of it’s not worth hearing.”
Satisfied, Nicky hugged her neck and wriggled to the floor. He hauled his threadbare jacket over a pair of trousers and sweatshirt left over from Allaine’s boys. Will shepherded the children into the narrow hallway and Allaine paused as though waiting for them to leave. As the front door opened to admit an icy blast of air, she pushed a sheaf of papers towards Emma with a raised eyebrow. “Mention nothing to Will because he’s working Alanya Harrington’s case. But look at this list of plants. I printed it from a website. When I worked as a lab technician, these were the most common causes of natural poisoning. Perhaps the symptoms of one of them match your father’s illness. If we can pinpoint the plant she used, it will give Will more evidence for a conviction.”
Emma gulped and stared at the white sheets. Type face and coloured photos of leaves and blossoms covered their surface. Allaine rubbed her shoulder with affection. “Enjoy your peaceful morning. Will promised the kids we’d take them for lunch.” Allaine rolled her eyes. “I’m not having another baby just to please him, so we’ll keep borrowing Nicky. Well, until you leave anyway.” Sadness dulled her blue irises and she turned towards the door.
“I’m waiting for something.” Emma watched the light flick back on in her friend’s expression. “Maybe I can change the date on my train tickets.”
“Stay as long as you like,” Allaine offered. Her tone sounded brighter.
“Thanks for everything you’ve done for me.” Emma smiled up at her friend. “I hope Nicky behaves in your church.”
“Come on, Alli!” Will shouted from the street. “They’ll be singing the last hymn by the time we get there.”
Emma gazed through the lounge window, watching the little group drift past Rohan’s house. The children ran ahead in woolly hats and mittens, bundles of boundless energy. Allaine and Will followed behind, holding hands and laughing at their antics.
Emma tidied away her mug and wiped down the counters. She delayed, not liking the task before her. After a shower, she stripped the bed she’d slept in and loaded up the washing machine. Her frayed jeans developed another hole in the knee and the zipper refused to budge. “Story of my life,” Emma hissed, hauling her sweater over the opening. Allaine’s sheets of information about the plants took a while to read and her heart grew heavier with each moment of recognition. She stroked a finger across the printed images, seeing the contents of Alanya’s pampered herb garden. The list of symptoms presented so many similarities to her childhood ailments, and she struggled reading the section describing the toxic effects of digitalis poisoning. The foxglove’s stunning trumpets had caused her father to vomit, before losing his vision and suffering a fatal cardiac arrest.
Emma squeezed the bridge of her nose between her thumb and forefinger, and tears created dark stains on the paper. She leaned forward as nausea rose into the back of her throat and burned. “Oh, Dad,” she sobbed. “What could we have done?” Guilt settled over her shoulders like a heavy coat, bowing her beneath its weight. No one had listened to her or Anton, not their teachers or other adults they’d told. They were dismissed as fantasists, patted on their heads and ignored. So, they’d suffered alone, strategised like war generals, and survived. They’d carried Rohan along with them, despite his oblivion and refusal to believe in the sickness buried within Alanya’s nature.
Emma crumpled the sheets in her hands as rage lit a fire in her belly. They slipped to the carpet, but one remained balled in her fist. Alanya had mashed up the roots and made a strange juice from the plant depicted in the image, adding ice cubes and insisting it would calm Emma’s fears. The beautiful helmet shaped purple flowers thrived in the garden, spreading their poisonous seeds and claiming more of their corner. She remembered the stomachache and the grassy taste in the back of her throat. Running to the bathroom, she vomited as though its effects had passed through history to visit her again.
“Enough,” she whispered as she knelt in front of the toilet. “It ends today.”
Emma pressed the rumpled sheets flat and folded them, pushing them into the back pocket of her jeans. She locked up and pushed the spare key through the letterbox. The walk along Newcombe Street to Rohan’s house stretched before her like a trek to the Arctic. She dreaded the reception she’d get, but this time she’d force him to listen to her. Because afterwards, she intended to visit the police station.
Emma would end Alanya Harrington’s reign of misery. She owed her father that much.

Chapter 43
“Excuse me, I’m looking for Emma Andreyev.” The man jumped from the driver’s seat and stood in front of her, a wavering smile on his face. A dry patch on the road behind showed where Rohan’s car had been. Emma’s chest clenched with fear at the sight of the stranger and she grappled at the gate catch. “Please, don’t be scared.” He reached out towards her as though offering to shake hands and Emma shied away. He winced.
“I didn’t understand I needed an invitation.” Emma’s hip pressed against Rohan’s gate as she ignored the outstretched hand of the auctioneer’s assistant and babbled excuses. “The security guard let me in with the old lady. She said she was Geoffrey Ayers’ daughter.” Her fingers scrabbled at the latch and the man frowned.
A wedding ring adorned the appropriate finger and he took a step towards her. “Mrs Andreyev,” he began, “Christopher Dolan assured me he’d spoken to you. He said I should explain myself a little better this time.” His lips flattened into a line. “Please, don’t run away again.” He glanced down at the same time as pulling a notebook from his coat pocket.
“Dolan.” Emma tasted Christopher’s surname on her tongue and the man nodded.
“Yes, he’s my private investigator.”
“Sorry, what? You employed Christopher?” Emma shook her head. “But he worked for Anton.” She turned and her back pocket bumped against the gate. The sheets rustled and the nausea returned. “I’m sorry, but I need to speak to someone. Can I phone you another day?”
“No!” Irritation bloomed as a pink hue over his cheeks. As if by telepathy, they both knew she wouldn’t call. “Anton, yes, can I speak to you about Anton Andreyev?”
Emma closed her eyes as the world spun. “He’s dead. He died. I’m sorry.”
“I know. He was our client.” Sighing, the man took a few steps backwards and leaned against his vehicle. The space between them helped Emma lose some of her tension. He peered down at his notebook and flipped to a page near the middle. “Christopher Dolan suggested you might need evidence.”
“Of what? Evidence of what?” Emma raised her voice and glanced at Rohan’s front door. She needed to show him the pictures of Alanya’s poisons and make him believe her. As the thought gained traction her shoulders slumped. Nothing had changed. He would dismiss her just like always.
“Evidence that Mr Andreyev was my client. I’m a solicitor. His solicitor.”
“Oh.” Air gushed from Emma’s lungs as though he’d punched her in the stomach. Her time with Christopher had revived Anton’s memory, making the grief raw just beneath the surface. “Are you the man I needed to wait for?” Her voice wavered and the solicitor shrugged.
“We must take a short drive. And I should give you this.” He pulled an envelope from within the pages of the notebook and leaned forward. It hung between them and Emma’s eyes widened as she recognised Anton’s slanted handwriting. She took it as though he’d handed her a priceless diamond, hugging the envelope to her chest.
“He wrote to me.” Tears sparkled to create a sheen over her hazel irises. She crushed the fragile gift against her until it bent into an arc.
“Will you come with me?” The solicitor pulled a small white card from his notebook. “This is my business card if you want to explain to someone where you’re going.” His gaze tracked to Rohan’s front door and then back to her face.
Emma took it from his fingers and stared at the cursive font. Gold lettering flourished the name of a law firm in Northampton. Allen, Holdsworth and Bowes, Solicitors.
A sad smile stretched her lips into a lacklustre curve. “I have no one to tell,” she admitted.
The scent of newness filled her nostrils as Emma settled into the passenger seat of the expensive car. The hole in the knee of her jeans jarred against the opulence of the walnut dashboard, scruffy alongside the Rolex watch straddling the solicitor’s hairy wrist. “Which one are you?” she asked, glancing at the plush card in her fingers. “Allen, Holdsworth or Bowes?”
The man laughed. “None of the above. I just work for them, but I’d like to become a partner. My name is Kieran Miles, but you won’t need to remember me after today.”
“Nice to meet you, Kieran Miles,” Emma said, challenging the statement which rendered him insignificant. “Why won’t I remember you?”
“You’ll see.” He turned right on Northampton Road and set off in a southerly direction, heading out of town and into the countryside. Emma leaned forward and pushed the business card into her pocket to mingle with the sheets of devastation from Allaine’s printer. But she kept Anton’s envelope clutched to her chest.
“Not far now,” Kieran said after ten minutes, smiling sideways at her.
“Am I in trouble?” Emma asked.
“No!” Kieran’s eyes widened. “You’re hard to find, but not in trouble.”
“Not that hard.” She shook her head as confusion took root. “I’m sure my name is on all kinds of government forms. I worked for the education authority until a few weeks ago and lived in a council house.” She wrinkled her nose. “I didn’t get single parent’s benefit though. They wanted to take it from Nicky’s father first and I had to protect Anton from my mistakes.” An alarmed voice inside her brain told her to shut up. Fear cursed her with her verbal diarrhoea.
Kieran remained silent as the vehicle sped towards the border between Leicestershire and Northamptonshire. Emma glanced to the left and spied the upstairs level of the manor house on the hill. The windows peered over the trees, blank and sad against the watery grey daylight. Its red brick facade held a dark sheen as the threatening clouds threw it into shadow and out again. Kieran slowed at the layby where Emma had stopped to admire the building, and then he leaned across her and dropped the flap of the glove box. “Please, can you read that number to me?” he asked. “I always forget it.”
“No.” Emma pushed herself against the seat. “I don’t want to. Please, let me out.” She scrabbled at the door, hauling on the handle and finding it locked.
“Sorry, sorry.” Kieran pulled on the handbrake and killed the engine. “I didn’t mean to frighten you. Mr Andreyev left me with a series of complicated tasks, but this is by far the hardest.” He pressed a button on the dashboard and shrugged. “The doors lock automatically. You can get out if you want to. I promise, I mean you no harm. As soon as you’ve read that letter, this job is finished. I hope you’ll let me act as your solicitor, but there’s no obligation.” He swallowed and screwed up his face into a mask of embarrassment. When he tutted at himself and stared through the side window, Emma experienced a wave of pity for him.
“I’m sorry.” Emma wiped her nose on the cuff of her sweater. “I can’t believe I got into a car with a complete stranger to avoid asking Rohan for help.”
“Look.” Kieran waved towards the house. “Let’s leave the car parked here and walk up the driveway. It’ll give me an opportunity to explain.” He ran his fingers through his hair and blinked. “I’ve made a mess of this. It’s not what Anton wanted.”
Emma gave a shallow nod and exited the vehicle. She closed the door behind her and faced the ornate gates. She shivered in the biting wind as a sense of deja vu gripped her. Kieran drew his coat around him and stopped to press keys on a panel built into the brick pillar. The gates yawned wide and the limestone driveway wound ahead of them like a pale ribbon. Kieran stepped onto the driveway and waited for Emma to follow him. “I’ll start at the beginning,” he said, shouting over the stiff breeze barrelling up the hill. “My firm is based in Northampton. The senior partner, Mr Allen, handled Anton Andreyev’s affairs for just under a decade. He worked as the conveyancer on Mr Andreyev’s property purchases and is listed as the executor of his last will and testament. He also bought shares in Mr Andreyev’s theatre company.”
“Theatre company?” Emma’s teeth chattered. “He never mentioned a theatre company.”
“When Mr Andreyev died, Mr Allen wrote to you at your address in Lincoln, but you didn’t make contact.”
Emma’s brow knitted and she wrinkled her nose. “The postman dropped all the mail at Fat Brian’s.” She shrugged. “He couldn’t read, so we didn’t get our letters. He confiscated all the cash or bank cards and burned the rest.”
She’d spoken in a matter-of-fact tone and didn’t notice the horror on Kieran’s face until she looked up at him. She waved a hand in dismissal. “How long is this driveway?”
“Half a mile exactly.” Kieran stated the distance with such precision, Emma wondered if he’d measured it. He smiled and his features relaxed, losing the fervent expression and smoothing his looks. “I’ve seen the deeds.”
“What happened next?” Emma asked. She gripped her prized envelope as the wind tried to snatch it away from her.
“Mr Allen travelled to Lincoln to visit you. He met with some considerable obstacle.”
Emma’s head whipped round, curiosity blossoming in her face. “Was this obstacle bald with a big belly hanging over his trousers?”
“I’m not sure.” Kieran’s lips peeled back from his teeth. “Mr Allen made a complaint about extortion to the local police and they promised to look into it.”
“Sounds like he met Fat Brian,” Emma mused. She sighed. “I’m not looking forward to immersing myself back into that life.” The biting wind mingled with her sense of failure and her eyes watered, sending tears cascading over her cheeks. Kieran winced and dragged a packet of tissues from his inside pocket.
The first tissue tore into pieces and parts of it blew away, dancing over the wide expanse of lawn like wedding confetti. The wind tore at the next one as Emma’s frozen fingers plucked it from the packet. She managed to hold on and dab at her eyes. Kieran wrestled the packet back into his pocket. “Nothing you’ve said explains why we’re here.” Emma blew her nose and stared up at the imposing house which contained the memories of a frail old lady named Freda.
Fine pea gravel appeared underfoot, littered with weeds and the brown autumn leaves that hadn’t yet blown away on the harsh wind. It crunched beneath Emma’s boot soles.
Kieran bounced up the front steps and took shelter beneath the stone porch. He dug his hands in his pockets and waited for Emma. Fire sparkled behind his eyes and he seemed to come alive with excitement. “Read your letter,” he urged, jerking his head at the envelope she clutched in her hand.
Emma shook her head. “Not now,” she said. She smoothed her fingers over Anton’s handwriting. Tsarina Emma. She mouthed the name he’d called her in their childish games, the name which allowed her mental escape from Alanya. She was a princess in a castle and he was her brave knight.
“You need to read it,” Kieran soothed. “Otherwise none of this will make sense.”
“I can’t!” Agony made her dip forward and she flattened the envelope against her chest, crossing her arms over it to absorb Anton’s essence. “I need time,” she begged, her wide eyes imploring the solicitor. “What if I rip the envelope?” Her voice broke as she peered at Anton’s scrawl. “What if I spoil the last thing he ever wrote me?”
Kieran’s shoulders slumped. He pulled a key from his pocket and stuck it into the lock, metal grinding against metal as he turned it. The front door clicked open and he stood back to wait for Emma. “Welcome,” he said. “This house belonged to Anton Andreyev. And it’s now yours.”

Chapter 44
“He bought it for me?” Emma remained on the steps outside, a chill wind snatching at the hem of her pullover. She crossed her arms over her chest, the precious envelope clutched in her fingers. “There must be some mistake.”
“No mistake, Mrs Andreyev.” Kieran backed inside the safety of the house, his nose reddening from the frigid air. “Please, come inside even for a few minutes. This weather is killing me.”
Emma stepped through the front door, her steps tentative. The dark oak panelling wrapped around her. “Everything is gone,” she whispered. Her voice echoed in the empty space before returning to her as a whisper.
Kieran blew on his fingers and searched around for a switch. The yellow glow of light bulbs flared from sconces staggered along the walls. “Not everything.” His voice held a hollow ring. “Mr Andreyev engaged an auction house to dispose of items which didn’t match his view of the finished product. He left you a healthy budget to complete the renovations he’d planned.”
Emma remained on the doormat. She shook her head. “You need to speak to Rohan,” she breathed. “Not me. Anton was his brother.”
Kieran frowned and gave a slight shake of his head. He walked further into the lobby and paused to wait for her. “I promise I’m telling you the truth.” Exasperation drove lines into his forehead. “The house is yours.” He left her standing with her back to the front door and his footsteps clicked along the tiled corridor. Emma waited, the envelope bending in her fingers. Her gaze sought Freda’s dent in the panelling, but the greyness of the day and the yellow light bulb conspired to cast confusing shadows. Curiosity drove Emma further into the lobby. She stayed there, holding her breath and straining her hearing for sounds of Kieran.
“I’m in the main lounge.” Defeat laced his tone as it echoed along the corridor. Emma chewed the inside of her cheek and rose onto her toes. She wanted to see the house again more than anything, overwriting her former impression of neglect with Anton’s cheerful essence. Her heart thudded in her chest and she dropped to her heels and forced herself to follow the sound of Kieran’s voice.
Her footsteps pattered against the tiles and she readied herself to run if Kieran turned out to be anything other than a legitimate solicitor. She recognised the corridor Freda had led her along during their escape, noticing the sharp left turn at the end. Kieran stood in the bay window of a huge room to her left, gazing at a view of rolling hills and a distant outline of Market Harborough. The bare wooden floors creaked beneath Emma’s feet.
“Please, Mrs Andreyev.” Kieran indicated the window seat with his outstretched arm. The absent cushions left bare, painted wood against cold windows. Emma dragged her feet, desperate to escape Kieran and process her thoughts.
“Open the envelope,” he instructed.
Emma slumped onto the hard wood and turned the letter over in her hands. The flap had loosened over time to create a gap into which she poked her fingernail. The glue popped free to expose the edge of a fold, cream paper nestled within it. Emma blew out shallow breaths, unable to proceed. Her hands shook, the envelope bouncing in an irregular dance.
Kieran reached forward and took it from her fingers, slipping the contents free and opening the papers. Their crinkling bit into the silence. “This one is for you,” he said, setting the uppermost sheet on the seat next to her. “It’s private. I’m happy to read the rest to you and answer any questions.” He raised an eyebrow and waited for her agreement, taking her almost imperceptible nod as permission. “This is the last will and testament of I, Anton Stepanovich Andreyev, written in the presence of my executors, Mr David George Allen and Mr Andrew John Holdsworth.”
Emma clung to the edge of the window seat, her white knuckles aching against her grip. Anton’s final wishes poured over her head and she blocked out the sound of Kieran’s voice, not wanting to hear words which would make his death real. If she acknowledged he’d gone for good, grief would snatch her hope and she couldn’t go back to that black place in her soul. Not again. Crawling out had taken more energy than she possessed to repeat the process.
So, she concentrated on the reddened lacquer coating the floorboards, fighting to repel the images of Anton which flooded her mind. His bright blue eyes and lightness of spirit chastised her for her ingratitude. Still, Kieran’s voice droned as he discharged his peculiar duty, eager to prove himself to his superiors.
“The house will be stripped of minor pieces as listed in appendix 3a. The proceeds from the subsequent auction will be held in trust for renovation of the buildings and the furniture listed in appendix 3b.”
Kieran read on, detailing a trust fund set aside for Nicky which would mature once he reached twenty-one. Anton’s estate included minor investments and a theatre company. “Henry Macey will contact you at the direction of my solicitor,” Anton had noted. “The term of investment is ten years but after that, it’s up to you what you do with it.”
“Stop!” Emma held a hand in front of her eyes and Kieran ceased his monotonous rendition. Tears streaked her cheeks, her dark eyelashes speckled with drops which glinted in the light sneaking through the wooden shutters. “I can’t do this,” she begged. “I can’t take anymore.”
Kieran reached into his pocket for the packet of tissues and slumped onto the window seat. Its vastness left room for a junior soccer team between them. “I’m sorry. It’s a lot to absorb. Mr Allen intended to read the will to you himself. It just took so long to find you that this week didn’t fit with his schedule.” He looked down at the paper in his hand and smiled. “Can I just read this last piece to you? You can digest the rest at your leisure and phone me with any questions.”
Emma nodded as Kieran handed over a tissue. He bobbed his head and his eyelashes fluttered. “I saw Mr Andreyev play Khlestakov in Gogol’s The Government Inspector. His acting was inspirational.” He glanced around the empty room as though seeking an audience. His chest puffed beneath his overcoat and his voice boomed out to echo back at him. “To my dearest Tsarina Emma. I lay everything I have achieved at your feet. It is all for you from Russia, with love. Just like her, we will bend, but never break.”
Emma let out a wail and buried her face in her hands. Kieran’s eyes widened and his lips drew into a grimace. “I’m so sorry,” he gushed. “So unprofessional of me.”
Emma saw Anton’s coy, mischievous smile in her memory as he spoke the words with a fake Russian accent. He hated the motherland with a passion, losing his Slavic twang and adopting an affected British lilt. Tsarina Emma had been his pet name for her. Russia had given him nothing with love but a terrifying matriarchal murderess and an exile he didn’t understand. His final words to her held a hidden sarcasm beneath their mystifying grandiose sentiment. He’d watched Emma bend and snap, rushing in to plug the cracks and distract her. Always entertaining, even on the day Nicky screamed into the world and Rohan’s absence filled her mind with her own silent wails. He’d cracked jokes and playacted. Then he’d registered himself as Nicky’s father to prevent the slur of ‘father unknown’ blighting the child’s life.
Emma missed him with a physical, gnawing ache. ‘From Russia, with love.’ Russia had given Anton to her, but death stole him back again. Russia gave her Rohan too, but not to keep forever. Her gifts proved nothing more than empty gestures.
“Is there someone I can call for you?” Kieran shifted the paper in his hand and flapped it towards Emma. “I don’t wish to cause you any more distress. There are two copies for you to sign to acknowledge receipt. You keep one and the other is for Mr Allen. Call the number on the business card once you’ve collected your thoughts and we’ll transfer the deeds for this place.”
“But what will I do with this huge house?” Emma held her arms out sideways to encompass her tiny corner of the mansion.
Kieran shrugged. “I assumed you’d live in it. Mr Andreyev selected the furniture he wanted to leave for you.” His nose wrinkled. “You might need a local historian to help you with the rooms he didn’t manage to finish.”
Emma groaned and shook her head. “A historian or an archivist.”
“Yes.” Kieran brightened. He patted the packet of tissues in his inside pocket and rose. “An archivist is perfect. Do you know one?”
When Emma didn’t answer, he produced a gold fountain pen for her to sign her signature on the two copies of the will. His irises glittered with the pleasure of a mission accomplished. He glanced at his watch as he folded his copy and poked it into his inside jacket pocket. “Do you want a ride back to Market Harborough?” he asked. “If so, we should leave now as I have another appointment.” He winced, betraying the personal nature of his next meeting.
“Thank you for hunting me down on a weekend.” Emma blinked and ran a hand across her eyes. “I’ll find my own way back to town.” She spoke the words without knowing how. But she needed time to read Anton’s personal letter and process the responsibility he’d lain on her shoulders.
Kieran nodded and held out his hand. “Lovely to have met you, Mrs Andreyev. Please get in touch with us if you require further assistance. Messrs Allen, Holdsworth and Bowes asked that I let you know they have considerable expertise in all legal matters and would like to continue managing your affairs. I’m sure we can help you as soon as you’re ready.”
Emma took his cold fingers in hers and nodded. “Nice to meet you too,” she muttered, stumbling over her words.
Kieran placed the front door key with its paper tag on the seat next to her and jabbed his index finger at the mantelpiece. “All the other keys are in an envelope up there,” he advised. “I’ll see myself out.”
Emma sat on the window seat as his footsteps tapped along the corridor. The front door slammed, heightening her sense of aloneness. She didn’t move, absorbing the history of the old building and letting its calm infiltrate her soul. The paper in her hand dictated Anton’s final wishes. No funeral. A private cremation without guests and his ashes scattered from the top of the theatre roof.
The icy chill of the day worked its way through the empty house and nipped at Emma’s bones. She rose and stamped her feet, wincing at the pain in her frozen toes. “You slept in the blue room, didn’t you?” she whispered to the empty grate. “I recognised your aftershave.” Her heart yearned for her to run upstairs and see if the auctioneer had left the white furniture. The clothes Freda had dug through were Anton’s. His spiced scent had flooded her brain and enveloped her in familiarity. But she couldn’t bear to find everything gone and so she prevented her eager feet from making the journey upstairs to disappointment and even more pain.
Emma walked to the fireplace, reaching up to touch the envelope leaning against the wall on the mantel. It tipped forward with the clang of myriad keys. A flash of anger tore through her chest. “Why did you do it?” she shouted into the empty room. “I can’t take all this. It’s too much.” She imagined Anton’s high snort of laughter at her expense. “It’s not funny!” she yelled at a trace of his ghost.
She ran to the windows, hauling back the shutter nearest to her and hammering on the glass with the flat of her hand. “Come back!” she shouted to Kieran. “I don’t want it.”
Kieran’s tail lights glinted through the trees as he pulled away, heading towards Northampton. Emma groaned out loud and sank onto the seat. “Nicky!” She ran her hands through her curls and heaved a huge sigh. “What was I thinking?” The old house groaned around her as she contemplated a long walk back to Allaine’s.
“It didn’t take you long to get yerself into more strife, did it?”
Emma jumped and held her breath. Christopher leaned against the door frame and acknowledged her with an upward tilt of his head.
“I thought you left.” Emma stood, her fingers writhing in front of her.
“Aye. I took a wee job up north. A school teacher who couldn’t keep his hands to himself. It’s a great pity what a fall down stairs can do to a set of dirty fingers.”
Emma gulped. “My old boss?” She shook her head. “That school has no stairs.”
Christopher smiled. “Aye. I get paid extra for inventiveness.”
“Who paid you?” Emma frowned, the expression morphing into a smirk. “I could maybe chip in and share some of the enjoyment.”
Christopher waggled his eyebrows. “You need to stay away from that estate, Emma. I’m not kidding.”
She sighed. “Pity. I wondered if I agreed to shag him once a year if he’d give me back my job.”
“Aye right.” Christopher’s expression remained impassive. “Well, he might have had another kind of accident too.”
Emma sat back down and put her face in her hands. “Why is my life so complicated?”
“It’s not!” Christopher scoffed. “You’ve made it that way. Anton left you this house and a business. Just fetch yer wee son up here and make something of it.”
“How?” Emma spread her hands. “I can’t restore this house. I’m an archivist, not an interior decorator. How should I know what the rooms are supposed to look like?” She paused, her eyelashes blinking in thought. “Oh, my goodness!” she breathed. The backs of her knees bumped against the window seat as she sat with a thud.
“What now?” Christopher’s tone held irritation. “What other excuses can you come up with?”
Emma shook her head and lifted her hand. When she gazed up at him, her irises sparkled with excitement. “I know a local historian,” she breathed. “She knows this house really well. Her father was Geoffrey Ayers.”
Christopher flattened his lips into a line. “Ah well, God puts people in your path exactly when you need them.” His reference surprised Emma and she cocked her head.
“You believe in God?”
“Dunno.” Christopher shrugged. “Maybe. Yes.”
Emma lifted her index finger and closed one eye. “Christopher?” She made her tone sound wheedling. He dug his hands into the pockets of his leather jacket and released an exaggerated sigh. Emma rose and pressed her hands together. “Please can you give me a ride back to town?”

Chapter 45
Emma struggled with the front door key and Christopher pulled it from her icy hands. The lock grated as it turned. He dug into his trouser pocket and pulled out a ring adorned with keys of varying shape and size. “You need these.”
Emma frowned. “What are they?”
Christopher stopped in front of her and bit his lip. “Keys to this place. I lived in an apartment over the stables until last month. I moved into the motel in Harborough when the executors started looking over the house.” He smiled, regret in the flickering light behind his eyes. “It’s all yours now.”
“You could stay?” Emma framed it as a question.
Christopher shook his head. His laugh held a note of falsity. “What, and cosy up between you and Rohan? No thanks!” He strode towards an extensive building with an apex roof. Beyond an archway, his boots clattered over the cobbles of an old stable yard.
“Rohan doesn’t want me,” Emma whispered. She pressed her fingers over her heart and felt for the familiar pain. Anton’s death and then his gift had numbed her ability to analyse her feelings. She gave up and followed, her mind doing somersaults. Common sense warned her that a relationship with Christopher would wield a world of hurt. She needed no more heart damage. Her footsteps clattered over the cobbles.
“Did Anton leave anything for you?” She pursed her lips. “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
“I wasn’t his lover!” Christopher snapped, his dark eyes flashing with danger.
Emma halted. “It never even occurred to me.” She tilted her head like a quizzical bird. Perhaps it should have.
“He was my friend and employer. But yes, he left me something.”
Emma’s mind filled with curiosity, but Christopher offered no details. He pushed open a door to one of the loose boxes and disappeared inside. The grey afternoon unleashed a flurry of snow and Emma shivered outside on the cobbles.
“Here!” Christopher’s arm reappeared bearing a motorbike helmet. When she didn’t take it, his head poked from the stable’s interior. “It’s this or a long walk.”
“What? No!”
“Suit yerself.” He shook it and the chin strap jangled against the polycarbonate shell. Emma took it with reluctance and her top lip curled back in distaste.
“Harley Man,” she murmured. “Of course, your transport would be a motorbike.”
Christopher pushed the gleaming bike into the daylight and kicked out the stand to take its weight. He pushed his fringe back before fitting his black helmet over his head.
“Is this yours?” Emma reached out and touched the sparkling chrome handlebar.
“Is now.” Christopher grinned, the bottom half of his face obscured by the helmet. His eyes slanted to indicate his happiness. “Anton bought it when his bitcoin investments paid him his first million. That’s what happens when you’ve a mathematical genius as a brother.”
“Rohan.” Emma inhaled and nodded. “That figures.”
Christopher shrugged. “Bike’s weren’t really Anton’s thing. He lost interest pretty fast when he couldn’t wear his fancy suits and those cravat things he liked around his neck.” Christopher knocked on the helmet with his knuckles. “And then there was the issue of hat-hair. Anton liked to look perfect all the damn time.”
Emma nodded. “I remember. He hated visiting us on the estate. He said the bad vibes made his cravat flop.” Her brow furrowed as the vacuum opened in her chest. “I don’t understand why he left everything to me. What about Rohan?”
Christopher’s nose wrinkled within the shadows of the helmet. “Doesn’t need it. Definitely didn’t want it. Besides, Anton always said he loved you best.” He mounted the Harley Davidson with the ease of practice and pushed his visor over his face. His voice sounded muffled. “He left me this baby and enough money to watch over you as long as you need me to. It’s ironic how his solicitor engaged me to find you.”
“Cunning. Paid twice for the same job.” Emma pursed her lips as the warning voice in her mind celebrated over Christopher’s duplicity. He’d invoice the solicitor knowing they’d deduct the payment from Anton’s estate. Her estate. She shook her head and swallowed.
“You getting on or what?” Christopher’s voice rose.
Emma squeezed the helmet over her ears and brushed her hair from in front of her eyes. “I thought this was a mid-life-crisis sort of bike,” she shouted over the deafening throb of the engine as it fired.
Christopher turned his brown eyes towards her and elbowed her as she stepped to his side. “You definitely wanna walk,” he yelled, his eyes curving upwards. Emma clambered onto the bike, using Christopher’s right arm as a handle. She settled herself on the cushioned seat, the machine vibrating beneath and through her.
“Hey!” Christopher turned his head to shout sideways and Emma leaned towards him. Their helmets bumped. “I’ll take care of you,” he promised. He reached behind him and tugged at Emma’s pullover, scooting her forward on the seat. His fingers lingered against her waist and Emma understood his promise. A heavy weight dropped from her chest to her stomach as she realised she didn’t want him to.

Chapter 46
Emma tapped Christopher on the shoulder at the end of Granville Street, wanting him to release her there instead of near the house. He obliged, pulling the bike over and coming to a stop with his boot against the curb. The engine ceased its rumbling. Emma struggled from the bike and went to war with her helmet.
“Stop, woman!” Christopher batted her hands away and lifted it off with ease. “What are you like?” An awkwardness shrouded them as Emma stood on the pavement next to him. Christopher looped the strap of her helmet over the handlebar. He didn’t look up as his fingers worked to tighten the buckle. “So, this is goodbye proper then?” he said. A sadness crept into his heavy movements and Emma’s chest tightened.
“I guess so.” Her eyes filled with tears as she remembered the things he’d done. He’d always been there, mitigating for her circumstances, paying the bills she couldn’t and letting her pass it off as minor miracles. “I need to thank you for everything,” she began. Her voice croaked.
Christopher shook his head. “No more crying for you. You have choices now, so get making them.” He pressed his fingers over Emma’s writhing hands and his brown irises sparkled in the dismal light. “Go home to yer husband.” A wistfulness entered his tone. A flick of his wrist produced a guttural roar from the motorbike and Emma snatched at his leather clad arm. Confusion clouded his eyes.
“Christopher!” Emma’s grip tightened. “Take care.”
Christopher moved out behind a passing car, giving a left-handed salute before turning the corner. The thrum of the engine echoed off the buildings on either side of him. Emma lifted her hand in acknowledgement, but he didn’t see her wave.
She put her hand into her jeans pocket, her fingers knocking against the envelope full of keys. Then she smiled. Christopher had shown her his set, but with a clever sleight of hand, kept them.
With a sigh of resignation, Emma trudged up Granville Street. She shook her head a few times to clear the fogginess settling over her brain. “I own a house,” she whispered to herself. The keys moved in her pocket as a reminder. “I own a bloody house.” Allaine would label it a miracle, and she conceded she’d have to agree.
Rohan’s vehicle sat on the street. A growing layer of frost dusted the other cars, but the Mercedes wore a coat of dirt. Emma stopped with her fingers clutching the gate and took a deep breath. Anton’s last will and testament had joined the folded images of plants in her back pocket and she braced herself, knowing both could detonate her relationship with Rohan forever.
Emma opened the front door and a waft of Felicity’s heady perfume induced a wave of nerves. Dismay landed like a ball in the pit of her stomach. Emma blinked against the warmth venting from the radiator as beads of sweat budded on her forehead.
“Em?” Rohan appeared in the lounge doorway. Blood-shot eyes peered at her from behind dark shadows. Yesterday’s white shirt listed to one side, untucked from his trousers. He leaned against the door frame as relief relaxed his features. “We need to talk.”
Emma slipped off her boots without responding. Felicity’s perfume attacked her nostrils when she opened the cupboard under the stairs to put them away. “Hi,” she managed, her tone guarded. “I’ll get out of your way.”
“You don’t need to do that.” Rohan’s sentence contained a heavy sigh. “We need to talk.”
The heat prickled against Emma’s skin and she yanked the pullover up and over her ears. For a moment, she found herself lost inside its softness. Strong fingers rescued her, and Rohan frowned as he dangled the garment in front of her face.
Embarrassment lit her chest on fire. “Thanks,” she whispered. She took the pullover from Rohan’s outstretched hand, noticing the rawness of his knuckles as she sidestepped him.
“Please, talk to me,” he reiterated.
“I’m not changing my mind.” She spoke through gritted teeth and her fingers dug into the woollen sleeve. “She killed my father.”
“Where did you go last night?” A line divided Rohan’s brow, and a vein ticked beneath the right side of his jaw. His blue eyes flashed in warning.
“None of your business,” she countered. “Are we done?” Her voice held the tone of the teenager she’d never been. Rohan’s hands settled over her shoulders.
“It is my business and no, we’re not done.”
“Maybe I am.” She fixed an irritating smile on her lips and stared at the kitchen door to avoid meeting his gaze.
“Tough.” He matched her determination, taller, stronger and able to read her thoughts before she finished assembling them.
Emma tried to turn away, sensing his imbalance as his body listed. She paused for long enough to release a groan as his grip intensified. Rohan gave her a shake, perhaps gentler than the violence she saw in his eyes. “Tell me you don’t love me, and I’ll let you go right now. Say the words, Em. Say them.”
She wasn’t ready for his change of direction, expecting to argue about Alanya. “We did this already!” she groaned. “It’s too hard. You said so!” Emma stared up into Rohan’s azure irises, losing herself in the funnel of adoration she’d trapped herself in since the day he walked into her life.
“Then you say it.” He swallowed, his Adam’s apple bouncing against the neck of his tee shirt.
She faltered and her lips moved. Her inner voice suggested it would release them all if she just did what he asked. The words stuck in her throat, refusing to perjure her heart in the lie.
Rohan watched her lips with frightening intensity and a light dulled behind his eyes as Emma tried again to speak. His fingers shook against her shoulders. She forced her gaze to the ceiling. “I can’t say it. I hate you right now, but I can’t tell you I don’t love you. It’s not the truth. But you don’t love me, Rohan, and you don’t trust me. You didn’t tell me about your leg. You left me to find out for myself. That’s not love.”
Rohan swallowed and his forehead touched hers. “Sorry,” he breathed. “I didn’t know how. I’m ashamed of it. It’s too hard to quantify what I lost, so I pretended.” His fingers moved against the soft skin behind her ears as he pulled her closer, guiding her towards oblivion. Their lips met and Emma held her breath as though pushed into freezing water. “Forgive me,” he whispered. A warmth spread through her, searing a trail from her stomach to her brain just like the first time they kissed. Rohan inhaled, arching his body over hers until her neck ached with the effort of meeting his lips.
She yelped in surprise as he lifted her and a reflex clasped her thighs around his waist. The inner voice demanded explanations for her behaviour, battering her with the reminder of Felicity to cool her ardour. “Felicity!” Emma turned her face aside and Rohan released a hiss.
“Gone,” he snarled. “Not coming back.”
A weight lifted from Emma’s shoulders and she clung to Rohan as he aimed blindly for the lounge doorway. His lips found hers as he staggered towards the sofa. He set her down with care, stopping long enough just to haul his tee shirt over his head. As he turned to throw it, Emma caught sight of the gauze taped over his injury. Rohan released his zipper one handed, his irises dark pools of azure water. “Look at me,” he whispered, helping her yank down her jeans. The keys to Anton’s mansion clattered against the wooden floor. “It’s just us,” he promised. “It’s always just us.”
Emma nodded, believing him.
Their lovemaking proved deeper than a testimony to romance. It resurrected a covenant made long ago by two teenagers, irrevocably bound. The first time was a rush of explosive passion, a feast for the hungry. Afterwards, Emma forced herself not to acknowledge the prosthesis protruding from below Rohan’s knee. But it hindered him, giving him an unfamiliar insecurity that seemed unwieldy against his usual confidence. It removed the hard edges of his personality and introduced an endearing vulnerability. The second time brought Emma the love and completeness she’d spent the last six years craving, as though they’d both found peace within themselves.
“I could probably say it now.” Her voice sounded overloud in the silence.
“Say what?” Rohan kept his arms wrapped around her and he placed a kiss against her temple. “No!” He realised the implication and pushed her face against his chest so she couldn’t speak. “Too late.” A chuckle escaped his chest.
Emma inhaled his scent and released a sigh. “Anton loved playing tricks on you. So gullible.”
“Whatever.” Rohan yawned. “It wouldn’t count anyway. I know you love me now. But can we go upstairs to bed? I’m getting too old for shagging on the sofa.”
They snuggled beneath the covers in Emma’s room, their whispers punctuated by kisses filled with longing. Emma’s hand rested across Rohan’s stomach. They lay for a while as the day waned and she familiarised herself with the sound of his heartbeat against her ear. But the weight of reality hovered overhead like a menace, eager to strip them of their moment of paradise.
The dog tags around Rohan’s neck clinked against Emma’s fingers, a tinny, delicate sound. She pressed her lips against the embossed service number and prepared to watch everything engulfed in flames as soon as she released her first question. “About Felicity,” she breathed. “I need you to tell me what happened.”
Rohan groaned and his nose wrinkled in displeasure. “Can we not talk about her?”
“We need to,” Emma pressed. “No more secrets.”
Rohan tutted and released a breath. His chest rose and fell twice more before he spoke. “Felicity was never my girlfriend. I thought she worked for Hack and kept her close and fed her wrong information. The whole Barbie doll routine seemed so wrong I misjudged it as a bad cover story. Her past involved a name change, and I promised myself I’d investigate the truth. When it came to it, I didn’t care enough to bother. But she didn’t work for Hack. That is her real self. I’m guilty of keeping her around to rattle you and I apologise for that.”
“Oh.” Emma pursed her lips and smoothed her fingers over the tags. “I knew it wasn’t a cover.” Judgement entered her tone as a sharp edge. “She thinks you’re both going on a cozy weekend and you’ll ask her to marry you.”
Rohan groaned. “She doesn’t think that anymore. She turned up here yesterday and started raving about you. Craig asked some questions about my mother and she admitted to copying Nicky’s school records for her. They both still think Anton is his father. Craig told her he’d call the cops if she didn’t leave me alone.”
Emma held her breath and waited. Even harmless lies within their delicate truce would destroy it. Rohan cleared his throat. “Then today, I got home to find her waiting on the doorstep. The neighbour opposite said she’d spent the last hour hammering on the door and shouting through the letterbox. He came across and helped to chase her off the property. Craig is issuing her with a trespass notice, and he’s spoken to the police about her. I think she’s unhinged.”
“You noticed!” Emma sighed. “It took you long enough!”
“Sorry.” Rohan brooded, smoothing his fingers across a crease in the bedsheet. It occupied all his attention as myriad thoughts coursed through his mind.
Emma placed her fingers over his, stilling their movement. Rohan swallowed, but didn’t look up at her. “How did you hurt your knuckles?” she asked. Her brow furrowed as she stroked the web of skin between his thumb and forefinger. “Did you hit someone?”
“Yes.” His tone sounded harsh, warning her not to press further into his morning’s activities. “But not a woman.”
Emma twisted her lips and sighed. “Did it make you feel any better?”
“Hell yeah!” She heard the truth in his reply and relaxed.
She pressed her lips over his, hearing his inhaled hiss as her hand wandered beneath the sheets. “I don’t want to talk anymore,” she whispered.
She giggled, sixteen again as she nibbled his full lip and drew a gasp of pleasure from him. “I forgot what a bad girl you are,” he sighed.
Emma laughed. “So did I.”

Chapter 47
When Nicky hammered on the front door mid-afternoon, Emma opened it and scooped her son into a bear hug. “Don’t you want to come in?” she called to Allaine and Will.
Allaine waved from beyond the gate, her hands couched in warm mittens. Breath hung as a white mist around her head as she spoke. “Thanks, but we’ve got stuff to do. Have a good rest of the weekend.”
“I wanna go in!” Kaylee squeaked and Will reached for her hand.
“I thought you wanted to beat me at Mario Kart.” His refusal to catch Emma’s eye sent a wave of nervousness darting up her spine. An aura of unease told her Allaine had confessed their conversation to her husband.
“Oh.” Nicky wavered and took a step towards the porch. His lips twisted in conflict. “I quite liked Mario Kart.”
Emma grabbed his sleeve and smiled at Allaine. “Thanks for everything. I’ll see you at school.”
Allaine raised an eyebrow and nodded. The family turned away, their steps dulled by the growing mist encasing the town. Emma watched them as Nicky bounded inside to find Rohan. The policeman’s shoulders appeared tense as he glanced back at her.
Nicky stripped off his outer layers in the kitchen and made a hash of folding them. He jabbered nonstop at Rohan about what he’d done over the last few days. “I stayed at Kaylee’s house.” His accusatory side-eye condemned Emma’s neglect. “We played computer games on a massive television and went to the movies.” He spread his arms wide, pursing his lips as his coat plunged off the bar stool and sank to the tiles. “Are you gonna watch me play a wise man, Uncle Ro? I’ve been practicing all weekend. I’m gonna make you laugh your head off even though Mummy said you might not get back in time.” He narrowed his eyes at Emma as though she’d lied to him.
Rohan hauled Nicky onto his knee. He winced as the child’s scrabbling feet clattered against the prosthetic leg hidden beneath his jeans. Emma’s brow knitted in concern as she watched from the doorway. She’d seen him taking heavy duty painkillers earlier, though he said his shoulder felt fine.
Nicky snuggled against Rohan’s chest and popped his thumb in his mouth. Rohan kissed the top of his blond head and sighed. Emma tensed, waiting for the blissful scene to dissipate. Something would ruin it for her. She swallowed and turned away, creating a mental list of the issues which still had the potential to smash her world apart.
“Hungry Nicky?” Emma kept her voice light, and her son shook his head.
“No fanks. Will fed me till I popped.”
“Okay, baby. Why don’t you go for a lie down on my bed for a while? You look shattered.”
“I’m not tired.” Nicky punctuated his sentence with a yawn. “Mum?” He squirmed around on Rohan’s knee so he could see his mother. “I’m not getting married. It’s all Kaylee talked about all night. She wore me out.”
Emma bit her lip to hide the smirk. Rohan’s blue eyes danced with laughter. “Know what you mean, mate. Girls wear me out too.” He gave Emma a smile, which set her heart racing. Thinking about her hunger for Rohan raised another knotty issue and her expression fell. Rohan saw and his brow knitted. The renewed connection between them fired, stronger and more astute than ever. He cocked his head and narrowed his eyes. His expression demanded an explanation.
Emma shook her head and withdrew from the room. “I’m just going to the bathroom,” she lied.
Instead, she laid on her bed with Allaine’s notes, listening to the sound of the boys chatting in the room below hers. She sifted through endless pictures and descriptions of common garden plants. The symptoms resulting from ingestion made intolerable reading. She jumped at the sensation of Rohan’s hand on her shoulder.
“Budge up,” he whispered, sliding onto the bed behind her.
“Where’s Nicky?” Emma rolled onto her back, lifting her head so Rohan could slip his arm beneath her neck.
“He fell asleep mid-sentence, so I laid him on the sofa. Is that the right thing to do? I covered him with a blanket.”
Emma sighed and nodded. “He thinks I can’t tell when he’s tired. Stubborn boy.”
Rohan’s hand slipped beneath Emma’s sweatshirt. His fingers caressed her stomach in gentle, ticklish circles. She stiffened and inhaled, overwhelmed by the sense of rightness coupled with a bone aching guilt. Rohan’s fingers stilled. “What’s wrong? Do you regret sleeping with me again?” He shifted so his face hovered above hers, his irises darkening to lagoons of hidden fear.
“No.” She shook her head and let her thoughts order themselves into a line of priorities. Pursing her lips, she shoved the most important one to the rear of the queue.
Rohan placed his lips over hers, fitting their bodies together like a jigsaw puzzle. His right arm wrapped around her waist and hauled her against him. “Good,” he breathed. “You can’t back out on me now.”
Emma forced herself to relax and reached up for another spine-tingling kiss. But her inner voice panicked, telling her to climb inside Rohan’s chest and hide from the disaster looming. To hold on to his heart and not let go. A shroud of doom dampened her enjoyment of his gently probing tongue, making her desperate for more and yet afraid of what was coming. The worry she’d sent to the back of the queue edged forward. The papers Rohan hadn’t noticed crumpled beneath them. He inhaled and his light touch snaked to the clasp at the back of her bra.
Farrell barked downstairs, and they jumped apart like guilty school children. The moment threw them back in time to a different life.
Rohan swore in Russian and Emma clutched her chest, her breathing ragged. She sat up and stared at the door as though Alanya might burst through it, spitting vitriol.
“Guilt is an amazing contraceptive.” Rohan pushed himself back against the pillows. He raised a blond eyebrow and bit his lower lip. “Or so we thought.”
The dog barked again. Emma groaned. “He’ll wake Nicky.” She shifted to the edge of the bed and her socks touched the floorboards. “He just needs half an hour, otherwise he’ll be unbearable for the rest of the day.”
Rohan’s feet hit the floor, and he rose. “I’ll go.” He tucked his tee shirt into his jeans. Pain blossomed across his face, leaving a grey hue over his complexion.
“What’s wrong, Rohan?” Emma narrowed her eyes and stared at him.
“Nothing.” He shrugged and a mask of indifference shuttered his face. “I’ll see what’s upset the dog.” His movements appeared wooden as he opened the door and stepped into the hallway.
Emma lay on her back and stared at the ceiling. Rohan’s footsteps padded down the stairs and she listened to him talking to the dog. The back door opened and closed. She lifted her fingers and stabbed at the air in a show of pessimism. “Five, four, three, two, one. Boom.” She spread her fingers to illustrate an explosion and sighed. “This is your life, Emma Harrington,” she whispered. “Get used to it.”
When Rohan didn’t return, Emma went back to her research, worries piling up around her like flotsam. Exhaustion and disturbed nights overtook her, and she fell asleep with her cheek stuck to a picture of a deadly nightshade berry.
“I brought you a cup of coffee.” Rohan’s voice jarred her awake, and she gasped. Pushing herself upright, she unglued the sheet from her face. “What are you looking at?” Rohan settled on the bed next to her and grabbed another sheet of paper. Emma stiffened, not quick enough to stop him. Tension crawled up her spine. “Oh.” Rohan’s features sharpened as he read the first paragraph and peered at the picture of the green leaved plant with the vibrant blue flower.
“I’m sorry.” Emma pushed herself into a sitting position. “I have to do this. I understand your loyalties are split.” A hollowness entered her tone, and she turned away from him. His fingers closed around her upper arm in a vice. He didn’t take his gaze from the paper.
“You need to do what you believe is right.” His tone held a gruffness which hid defeat. “This isn’t coming between us. The things you accused me of were true.”
Emma’s shoulders slumped. “I shouldn’t have called you selfish,” she acceded. “That wasn’t fair. Circumstance conspired against both of us.”
Emma brought her knees to her chest, pressing her face against them. The pressure of Rohan’s fingers on her arm lessened. “I’m also aware you’ll do everything in your power to stop your mother going to prison while I’m doing the exact opposite.” She exhaled. “We’re destined to always stand in opposition to one another, Ro.” She swallowed as Kieran’s bombshell rose to the fore. This time, she wasn’t powerless. “There’s something I need to tell you.” She turned to look at Rohan and her urgency faded. He sat with a hand covering his mouth, staring at the page in front of him. His fingers shook.
“Oh, no,” he whispered. He dropped the page onto the bedspread as though it might contaminate him. The removal of his hand left a chill across Emma’s arm.
She picked up the sheet. “Wolfsbane,” she read. “From the aconite family with a death prognosis of within six hours of consumption.” She stared at the pretty blue flowers and pursed her lips. “I always thought she grew lupins. But they were this stuff. Vomiting, diarrhoea, tingling, numbness of the mouth and burning in the stomach. Severe poisoning can cause motor weakness. What’s motor weakness?” She asked without expecting an answer.
“Movement. Accuracy picking things up.”
Emma nodded and tears of temper pricked behind her eyelids. “Dad dropped things in the early stages of his illness.” She leaned forward to cradle her stomach. The page fluttered to the bedspread. “Why did no one listen to us? Anton’s teachers called him a fantasist. They could have helped us.”
“Organ failure leads to death.” Rohan’s voice held a flat, toneless quality. “Forgive me?” He pressed his palms against his face.
Emma’s voice sounded small. “It grew in the garden the whole time. Wolfsbane.” She flicked at the pages with her fingernail. “I’ve recognised a few others too.”
Rohan rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. “I doubted because I assumed a pathologist would pick it up in a post-mortem. It’s a poison, so it must linger in the body.”
Emma poked through Allaine’s notes, trying to remember what she’d said about certain toxins. “No, look.” She picked up the relevant page and read from it. “The Greeks called it the Queen of Poisons because it’s hard to detect when hidden in food. It’s often missed post-mortem unless specifically screened for as part of the examination.” The paper crinkled in her fingers. “Anton worked out she gave us stomach ache through the food. But after you left for the army, she started making concoctions disguised as milkshakes.”
Rohan lay back against the pillows and held his hand out for the other pages. Emma passed them over and their fingers touched. “Who wants to kill their own family?” Doubt still lingered in his voice. “I recognise some of these plants.” He flicked a picture with his fingernail. “I once mowed over this by accident and she gave me the belt across my legs. Your father lost his temper with her over it.”
“Perhaps that signed his death warrant.” Emma’s face knotted with pain. Anger sharpened her features.
Rohan used his stomach muscles to sit upright. “Nicky talked about Lucya earlier. You mentioned her too. Who was she, Em?”
Emma blanched, her eyes wide with suspicion. “Your grandmother, Ro?” He’d changed the subject and irritation burgeoned in her chest. “She spoke of you often and gave Nicky his middle names.”
“I don’t recall her.” Sadness laced Rohan’s tone. “Tell me Nikolai’s names?”
Emma relented. He’d seen Nicky’s scribbled note bearing his first name, but not the birth certificate she kept hidden in the lining of her suitcase. She turned to face him, curving her legs beneath her. “Nikolai Rohan Davidovich Andreyev. Nikolai is the name handed down from your father, Rohan is for Nicky’s father, and Davidovich was Lucya’s husband. She’s the reason Nicky knows so much about Russia. Your father brought her over here intending to have her live with you all. But after his death, your mother forced her onto a train with a one-way ticket. She lived in Wales at the mercy of the state after begging an acquaintance of your father’s to procure false documents so she could stay here. I’m not sure how Anton discovered her existence, but he took me to her when I needed help.”
Rohan exhaled. “Those names are what Felicity saw on Nikolai’s birth certificate when you registered him at the school?”
Emma winced. “Yes. So, I’m surprised Alanya didn’t guess the truth. Perhaps it’s the reason she turned up here and used Felicity to threaten me. Maybe she needed clarity.”
Rohan shook his head. “No, she still believes Anton was Nicky’s father.”
Emma used her fingers to squeeze her eyelids closed. It made no impact against the growing headache thudding behind her eyes. “Lucya believed me,” she said, her tone harsh. “She knew what Alanya was capable of.”
“Do you have photos of her?” Rohan’s voice turned the whisper to a crackle.
“One or two. Back at the house in Lincoln. I hid them under a loose floorboard in the bedroom.” She twisted her lips into a grimace. “If the house is still standing, anyway.”
Rohan sighed. “What a bloody mess!”
Emma nodded. “Do you understand, Rohan?” Plaintiveness entered her tone as a whine which caused her to wince. “Do you see why I disappeared?”
“If Anton was such a hero, how come you didn’t fall in love with him?” Rohan sulked, his bottom lip protruding in a pout as he avoided the question.
A fire sparked in Emma’s hazel irises. “Make no mistake, I loved Anton.” Her tone became hard. “But I adored you, Rohan.”
Rohan’s silent nod presented Emma with a perfect opportunity to deliver a worry from the front of her mental queue. She inhaled. “About Anton’s house,” she began.
“Mum? Why are you and Uncle Ro in bed together?” Nicky stumbled through the doorway with Farrell in tow.
The nervous tension building in Emma’s chest fled in a rush, leaving her ragged and bad tempered. “We’re not in bed together,” she bit. “We’re on the bed. It’s different.”
Rohan shot her a look of confusion and his lips parted as though to correct her. Then he pursed them and kept his opinion to himself. Emma waited for the barrage of awkward questions. Nicky yawned, and the moment passed as he pushed his way in between them, shoving the papers aside without interest.
“Feel better, baby?” Emma asked, kissing him on his forehead. Nicky nodded.
“I want a daddy,” he stated, flopping back against the pillows. “Kaylee has heaps more fun because there’s a daddy in their house. I want one.” He yawned and closed his eyes.
Rohan’s fingers shook as he brushed the fine blond fringe from Nicky’s eyes. “I could be your daddy,” he offered. “You can think about it, anyway.”
Emma’s chest tightened. A rollercoaster snatched her emotions and tossed them from the top of a rise, not caring that it left her sorting out a mental bombsite behind it.
“No.” Nicky removed his thumb from his mouth and opened one eye. A muscle in his cheek twitched and Emma held her breath. For once, she couldn’t read his expression as he gazed at Rohan’s obvious devastation.
“No?” Rohan’s voice wobbled. He fought to make it sound like he didn’t care, but agony bloomed in the darkening of his azure irises.
“No. I don’t need to think about it,” Nicky said. “I’ll just call you Dad then.”
“Right.” Rohan’s jaw flexed and relaxed in a rhythm which betrayed his grinding teeth. “Thanks.” The moment descended into awkwardness, and Emma saw her son’s lips twist in a momentary expression of triumph.
Rohan rose and reached out to balance himself against the door frame. Lines of anxiety tightened his features. He jerked his head towards the papers scrunched against Emma’s thigh. “I’ll sort out that other thing,” he said, his left eyebrow rising to convey his meaning only to Emma. “I promise.”
She nodded, the action almost imperceptible. He’d made the exchange in his mind, a life for a life. He’d run the numbers and made the relevant calculations. They would look different this time. She’d sacrificed everything to protect Nicky from Alanya. Now, Rohan would need to do the same.
“What’s a cheetah?” Nicky sighed and stared at Rohan.
“A big cat.” Rohan pointed to his chest. “It has spots on its fur and is the fastest animal on land.”
Nicky’s brow furrowed. “So, Dad.” He clambered onto his knees and observed Rohan with a mirror image of his Slav cunning. Dad. The word rolled off his tongue without embarrassment. “Why did that weird lady from school spray it on your car in shaving foam?”

Chapter 48
Emma arrived back from taking Nicky to school, stamping as she entered the warm hallway. “Eek, it’s freezing out there!” she commented, shivering on the mat and trying to remove her boots without bending to release the zipper.
Rohan walked from the kitchen and smiled at her, his eyes dulled by longing. Emma registered his silence and stopped, stripping off her sweater and pushing her curls from her eyes. “I hope you’ve learned the difference between cheetah and cheater.” Her eyes sparkled with humour. “Allaine took Nicky into the playground so I didn’t have to endure the shaving foam treatment from your former girlfriend.”
“Mark,” Rohan growled. Emma paused, one hand in the cupboard as she dropped her boots into a spare cubby.
“What?”
“Mark. Not girlfriend. I already told you this.” Irritation accentuated his accent and Emma smirked and closed the cupboard. “I put the car through the car wash, but it’s still streaky.” She turned to find her nose pressed against Rohan’s hard chest. He brushed her long hair away from her neck and bent to kiss the soft skin beneath her ear. Emma exhaled at the welcome feel of his kisses. A night apart after their passion the previous afternoon left her ragged. “I’ve been waiting for you,” Rohan whispered, teasing her with kisses which edged across her collarbone. His fingers sent tingles like electrical pulses as he eased open the buttons of her shirt. Emma winced at the sight of her apologetic grey bra. As Rohan exposed her, keeping eye contact while he eased the shirt over her shoulders, Emma clasped her hands over her heart to halt his progress.
“We need to talk,” she insisted, dodging sideways as his lips landed over hers.
“Later.” His kisses became urgent, pressing against Emma’s lips like a brand. She sighed at the plunging sensation behind her navel and gave in to its enticing call. Rohan’s busy fingers found the gap between her shirt and the waistband of her jeans, easing the material free. His warmth counteracted the cold she’d brought in from the winter scene beyond the front door. “I love you, Emma,” he whispered, his eyes glazed with desire as he pressed her backwards against the staircase. The wooden spindles dug into her spine as Rohan worked a terrible magic with his tongue.
The hammering on the front door sent them skittering apart, guilt biting at their passion. Emma yelped and Rohan hissed in anger. Emma responded to the familiar sense of dirtiness and pushed herself further into the corner. The sharp angles of the staircase behind her offered a false sense of security.
Rohan strode to the door and yanked it open. “What?” he snarled.
Emma winced, fearing for the unsuspecting postman. Instead, Felicity shoved past him and stepped over the threshold. Emma held her breath and hauled her shirt closed. “You owe me an explanation!” Felicity spat. She prodded Rohan’s muscled chest with a manicured fingernail. “Why did you set that lawyer onto me?” A sheet of paper bearing an official logo flapped from the fingers of her other hand.
“Not this again!” Rohan spoke through gritted teeth, and Emma recognised the warning in his tone. She edged up the first step, snagging her shirt and delayed in extracting her button from a groove in the wood.
Rohan aimed his words to hurt. “I know about you and the Irishman!” He pointed towards the door. An icy wind brought sleet and flying leaves into the lobby. The debris danced around Felicity’s high heels. “And I don’t care. You knew I didn’t want a relationship, and you agreed we could be friends. Now, you’re telling people we’re engaged, spreading lies and bedding the competition. Get out Felicity! The next time you show up here, I’ll call the police.”
Felicity postured, the fluff around her coat collar dancing in the breeze. “I want to be more than friends, Rohan. I know you want it too.”
“Just take the hint, Felicity!” Rohan groaned and let his head fall back. He stared at the ceiling as though believing he might find inspiration in the white surface. “Please, just leave me alone.”
“Who’s been gossiping, baby? Is it her?” She jabbed her index finger at Emma. “I know all about her from your mother.” She leaned sideways to peer around Rohan’s stiffened shoulders. “You’re disgusting!” she shouted. “Incestuous whore!”
Emma sank onto the stairs and pressed her hands over her ears. Alanya’s repeated slurs bit into her resolve, robbing her of the next breath and tightening her chest to bursting point. Her bones ached and a familiar nausea rose into her throat. Turning, she lurched up the stairs. Her shirt flapped open, and she made it as far as the split-level bathroom before the nausea took control, sapping her energy as she voided her breakfast and coffee into the toilet bowl.
The ruckus continued downstairs as Emma sat on the floor of the bathroom and sobbed.
“I never proposed to you!” Rohan yelled. “You’re a bloody fantasist.”
“Alanya said you had a ring for me!” Felicity’s voice rose to a hysterical screech. “Her ring from her marriage to your father.”
Rohan’s laugh held cruelty. “She’d find that difficult because he never married her! Just get out!”
Emma closed her eyes and imagined the level of restraint Rohan had exercised. A male opponent would have landed in the middle of the traffic within the first five seconds. She wondered if Felicity had got under his skin more than he claimed.
Emma splashed water on her face, cleaned her teeth and crawled to her own bedroom to lie down on the bed. She placed a pillow over her head and blocked out the slamming of the front door. Wave after wave of nausea bit her insides, and she borrowed one of her father’s liturgies to distract herself from the overwhelming urge to vomit.
“Em?” Rohan’s steady cadence disturbed her from a dark fog of bible verses and promises. Emma struggled free. She sat up in the bed, her left eye welded shut with the pressure from the pillow.
“What?” Her voice clanged in the silence, petulant and self-pitying.
“Your shirt’s open.” Rohan’s finger touched a loose button.
“Don’t care. Go away.” She pushed out at him, her fingers contacting his right leg just above the knee. She didn’t expect him to release such a hiss of pain or to collapse sideways onto the bed.
Rohan pressed his fingers either side of his thigh, his face grey with pain. Beads of sweat budded on his forehead.
“What did I do?” Shock woke Emma from her sadness. More guilt piled onto her shoulders.
“Nothing. It’s fine.” Rohan exhaled through pursed lips and forced a wooden smile back onto his face. “Did you fall asleep despite all that yelling?”
“I put the pillow over my head, so I couldn’t hear you.” Emma pushed unruly curls out of her face. Felicity had trampled the glow of the previous day’s passion underfoot. “I don’t care anymore.” She yawned, covering her mouth with her hand. “I’m tired of it all.”
Rohan sighed and his fingers released their death grip on his leg. “Craig walked through the front door just as she threatened to fetch my mother.” His head shook from side to side and regret hung around him like a palpable aura. “She now knows Mama is in jail. Craig gave her twelve reasons he was calling the cops and then dialled. She left.”
“You strung her along, so I have no sympathy for you.” Emma flopped back against the pillows. “You knew how much she liked you and you still let her into your bedroom. How could you not think she’d read romance into that? I read romance into it!”
Rohan glared at Emma, his pupils gimlet hard. “She agreed we could be friends.”
“You’re such a liar. You loved the attention and saw how it got to me.” Her hair swished against the pillows. “You thought I’d get into a competition over you, but you don’t know me as well as you think.” Her eyes narrowed. “I’m not competitive. You played a dud.”
“Please, Em, Don’t let her damage what we’ve got. Everything seemed fine between us this morning.”
Emma let out a gasp and shot from the bed. A dull headache accompanied the nausea. She reached the door before clattering with Rohan’s prosthetic leg, and he groaned in pain as his right knee slipped sideways. Emma slammed the bathroom door behind her, not expecting to find Rohan still sitting on her bed when she returned to her room.
“What’s wrong with you?” he asked. His blue irises squinted from between narrowed eyelids.
“I got my period. What’s wrong with you?” she retorted. “You jump like a cricket every time you move your leg.”
“Nothing. I’m fine.”
“Well, so am I then.” Emma sank onto the mattress and rolled onto her stomach. “But I need to talk to you about something that happened yesterday.”
“Yeah, sure.” Rohan concentrated on her lips and his eyes brightened with misplaced expectation.
She opened her mouth to speak just as his mobile phone rang. Emma groaned and pressed her face into her pillow.
Rohan stroked a hand across her back. When she looked up, she found him rubbing his thigh with his other hand. “Go on. I’ll ignore it.” He pulled the phone from his trouser pocket, killed the call and switched off the sound.
Emma began again. “Yesterday, when I walked home from Allaine’s house, I saw this car on the street.” The phone danced on the bedspread, working itself into a vibrating frenzy. Resignation covered her. “Oh, just answer it,” she conceded, closing her eyes and sensing her stomach churn with the stress.
“Andreyev!” Rohan snapped into the phone. “Oh, hi.” His tone changed, and he limped into the hallway to finish the call. Memories of his post-coital conversation with Felicity pricked at Emma’s security.
“I need to go out for a while.” A heavy hint of depression clung to him when he returned.
“Who are you visiting this time? Felicity or your mother?” Emma pushed her face into her pillow.
“Neither. I told you, Felicity’s got the message. Mother went before the magistrates an hour ago and they’re holding her in custody pending psychological assessments.” He inhaled. “I gave your printouts to Craig earlier and pointed out the plant we both recognised. He’s checking some stuff with the detective in charge. I have an appointment, Em. I need to go.”
Emma rolled over to observe him, his leaden tone alerting her to something held beneath the surface of his thin veneer. She recognised the residue of pain in his eyes. “Rohan, tell me the truth, or there’s no hope for us.”
He groaned and turned away from her, his movements wooden. His shoulders slumped and his chest appeared to cave. “When that durak shot me, the bullet shattered part of the prosthesis.” Rohan waved his hand at his knee to accentuate his point. “I left a message for my doctor this morning. He wants to see me now.”
“Then let’s go.” Emma shot from the bed and smoothed a hand over her clothes. “I’ll drive.” She clattered downstairs where she flung a sweater over her shoulders and pushed her feet into her boots. Snatching up the car keys, she turned to wait for Rohan as he limped down the stairs. “Where are we going?”
“Leicester.” Rohan locked up the back of the house and refused Emma’s help with gruffness. “I’m not an invalid. It’s just sore.” He forced her to walk ahead of him along the crazy paved stones leading to the garage.
Emma frowned and shook her head. White steam puffed from her lips as her breath met the cold air. “What did you do with the car we drove home from Falkirk?”
Rohan pursed his lips and shrugged. Emma read dismissiveness in the movement, but a dry rectangle on the gravel made a liar of him.
She hopped into the driver’s side of the Mercedes and started the engine, enjoying the soft purr of the car vibrating with life beneath her. She eased it from the garage and Rohan limped over to pull the door down behind her. Emma engaged the handbrake before catching the look of determination in his face. “Okay,” she said to her reflection in the rear-view mirror. “This isn’t about you. He doesn’t need another mother.” Her pale complexion and messy, dark curls betrayed her need to have a serious conversation with him. And soon.
Emma rolled the car forward while Rohan opened and closed the gate onto the lane behind Newcombe Street. He got into the passenger seat backwards to avoid leading with his right leg. He turned after closing the door behind him, his face flushed from the effort.
“Right then.” Emma slapped her thighs. “Tell me where to go and how to get there. I’m your chauffeur for this morning. Please keep body parts inside the vehicle at all times.”
“Yeah, I’ve seen your chauffeuring!” Rohan snorted. “Just don’t apply for any professional roles.”
“That wasn’t my fault!” Emma stuck her nose in the air and revved the engine. “I parked near the bushes at school and the wind blew them against the paintwork. I moved it as soon as I heard the first screech.” Emma turned down the lane and waited at the entrance to Newcombe Street. “It’s only a few scratches. Which way?”
“It needs a whole new wing! Left here. Then right onto Nithsdale Avenue, then left at the end.”
“No,” Emma whinged. “Just give me one instruction at a time. And remind me, which foot do I brake with?”
Rohan looked at her in terror and she saw him grip the door handle, the fingers of his left hand turning white. “What?”
Emma laughed, enjoying the colour flooding back into his rugged features. “Got ya!” she said in an irritating sing-song voice.
“Whatever!” He smirked. “Wreck my car and you’re off my Christmas card list.”
Emma snorted. “Wow. That must mean I’m already on it. I’m honoured.” She turned onto the main high street. “I bet you don’t even give Christmas cards! You’re far too grumpy.”
Rohan smiled and leaned his left elbow on the window ledge. “You know me too well.” He ran his teeth over his thumbnail and Emma felt his gaze on her. “Em?”
“Which way now?” she interrupted him, not wanting to go where the conversation might take them. Not then. Not yet. “Please tell me I don’t have to swing this thing round a multi-storey carpark. I don’t think either of us will survive.”
“Straight on at the traffic lights, and no. It’s a surgery with a carpark of its own.”
“Thank goodness.”
“Yeah.” Rohan reached into the glove box and pulled out an orange disk. Emma glanced across with a frown.
“What’s that?”
“Disabled parking permit.” He flapped it between them and Emma pursed her lips. She cursed her inability to know when to quit.
“I’ll manage,” she murmured.
Rohan sighed. “I’m not fragile, Emma. My ego won’t smash into pieces. Not today at any rate.”
“Liar!” she bit at him and reached across the centre console, laying her hand over his clenched fist. Rohan squeezed her fingers and then placed them back on the steering wheel.
“Two hands, woman! Neposlushnyy!”
“Naughty yourself!” she bit back and he laughed, his eyes glinting with pleasure at her command of his mother tongue.
“Given half a chance, I’ll be as naughty as you like.” Rohan’s complexion lost its greyness as he smiled at Emma. The stress left his eyes, but as they approached the sprawling city, his body tensed with hidden emotions and a telltale vein pulsed in his neck.
“How do I get to the clinic from here?” Emma asked as they whizzed past the city sign.
“Just follow this road.” Rohan’s tone became clipped, issuing orders which Emma obeyed with frustrating slowness. The enormous car swung around narrow streets until they came to the building Rohan indicated.
“I’m not sure I can squeeze this giant car into that tiny space.” Emma’s face became pinched with worry. She looked back towards the road and the cars parked bumper to bumper beyond the gate. “There are no disabled spaces. You lied to me.”
“I’ll park the car. Shift over.”
Emma pushed herself over the centre console, banging her backside on the gear lever, the hand brake and everything in between. She slumped into the passenger seat and rubbed her left buttock. Rohan walked around the outside and dropped into the driver’s seat, leading with his left side and struggling less with the maneuver. “Bloody hell, woman!” he exclaimed. He cranked the seat back to admit his long body and legs. “How do you drive while kissing the windscreen?”
“Practice.” Her tone held sarcasm, but her smile mollified it.
Emma held her breath as Rohan reversed the huge vehicle into the tiny space. He performed the action with practiced skill, but Emma frowned at the way he used his left foot to depress the brake.
“What’s wrong?” Rohan turned, resting his arm along the back of her seat. His features tensed with concentration as he stopped the car just centimetres before a wall.
“Nothing.” Emma licked her lips. “I’ve never noticed how you use your left foot to brake. Did that take a lot of practice?”
Rohan nodded. “I had to unlearn many things. Driving is one of them. You must wipe your life clean like a child’s and start again. It’s difficult for the brain to understand you’re no longer the same person and that easy tasks have become complicated.” He shrugged. “And then it learns the new methods and forgets it was ever a problem.”
Emma pulled the disabled permit from the glove box and set the dial to show the time. She placed it on the dashboard before squeezing from the car. The vehicles on either side of them displayed the same orange disk. Her sweater pocket caught around the wing mirror as she exited the narrow space between the parked cars and she winced at a foreboding rip. Rohan fared better, stepping sideways. They met at the front of the car and he caught Emma’s arm. “Em?” Lowering his voice and choosing his words with care, he said, “I’m not sure I want you to come inside with me.”
Emma frowned. She read the agony in his face and gave a shallow nod. “Okay. If that’s what you want. I can just be the driver.”
Rohan swallowed. “My leg looks shocking. I’m not sure you’re ready.”
“Oh, Rohan.” Emma reached up, stroking the rough stubble of his cheek beneath her palm. “I’m sorry you got so hurt. If I could take the pain and the regret away from you, I would.”
Rohan’s lips parted in surprise, and after a moment’s thought, he nodded. “I know you would do that for me. It’s okay, you can come into the appointment.”
Emma smiled. “Thanks. I think.”
Rohan’s mouth flattened into a serious line. His brow knitted as she reached for his hand and joined their fingers.
“Guess what?” she whispered against the cacophony of traffic on the main road. Rohan tilted his head and narrowed his eyes in question. “You’ve got a son,” Emma said, binding her fingers tighter around her husband’s. “And Nicky loves you, no matter what. So, let’s go and get this leggy thing fixed up so you can play with him after school.”

Chapter 49
Rohan lay on the bed in the examination room while Emma fanned herself with a leaflet about prosthetic arms. He stretched his neck to stare at her. “You okay?”
“No,” she admitted. “It’s bloody hot in here.” She fanned harder, her vision blurring the motion of the leaflet.
Rohan swallowed. He lifted his hands and placed them behind his head. His shirt stretched across his chest and exposed his stomach muscles. “I know it’s ugly, but it doesn’t always look this bad. Sorry. I don’t mind if you go back to the waiting room.” Depression entered his tone as he anticipated rejection. The doctor had removed the prosthesis and exposed the ulcerated stump before leaving the room with the leg in his arms.
“Nope.” Emma shook her head. Her fingers fluttered across her forehead. “I felt hot out there too. It’s not your leg, I promise. I’ll get myself a drink. That might help.” She rose and ran the tap where the doctor washed his hands earlier. She lowered her lips to accept the cool water, slurping it with greed.
“It’s just an ulcer.” Rohan stared at the ceiling, defeat etched into every facial muscle. “It’s happened before too.”
Emma guzzled more water and willed her body to behave. She gripped the edge of the sink and blew out through pursed lips. Rohan tugged at the white sheet across his thighs, eager to protect his stump from view. “Ro, stop it.” She staggered to the bed, running her hand across his thigh to the end of his boxer shorts. The silken fabric slipped through her fingers. “I promise it’s not that. It’s just hot in here. Can’t you feel it?” Her vision performed a crazy jerk to the right, and she reached for something solid, her fingers gripping his leg. The room seemed to buckle and then right itself.
“Ow!” Rohan placed his fingers over Emma’s and prised them free. He frowned at the whiteness of her knuckles. “Just sit down, Em.” His brusque tone conveyed embarrassment and regret at letting her accompany him.
Emma lurched backwards until she contacted her chair with the backs of her knees. She sank into it and tugged her pullover away from her throat. Sweat beaded on her forehead. She covered her difficulty with needless chatter. “You never talk about how it happened,” she said. She forced lightness into her tone.
Rohan shrugged and closed his eyes. “I’ve tried to forget it,” he admitted. “But I remember lying on the sand and seeing my leg in pieces near my face. I could reach my boot with my hand and the shock of seeing my foot still inside it initially stopped the pain. Then I thought of you and wished I could see you again. I promised myself that if I survived, I’d make everything right with you.”
His eyelashes fluttered open, and he sighed. A stony grey haze covered his irises. “I didn’t though, did I? Mama’s lies seemed easier to accept than searching for the truth.” He swallowed and chose his next words with care. “It was easier to let you think badly of me.”
“Oh, Rohan,” Emma breathed. She rose and bent to kiss his forehead. Her thumb rubbed his cheek, clinging to his maleness and solidity. The stubbly hairs brushed her fingers.
Then it came again, the nausea robbing her of the chance to comfort the man spilling his guts at her feet. “So hot!” She peeled off the pullover and threw it to the ground, adding her sweatshirt to the pile. Sweat covered her, and she rose and tugged at the window above her head. “Mind if I have this open? I feel a bit weird.” She sat and fanned herself with an entire stack of leaflets to create a decent breeze, losing control of her body as it rebelled.
“I didn’t think you’d react like this.” Rohan’s brow knitted and he closed his eyes to hide his devastation.
Emma sought to reassure him. “Lucya had diabetes.” She puffed the words, her breath coming in short bursts. “She often got ulcers on her legs. I dressed them for her, even the ones with pus and those which ate through the fatty layers. She always said I’d make a superb little meditsinskaya sestra.”
Emma leaned forward and concentrated on the swirls in the carpet. Her eyes traced the psychedelic patterns, and she realised her mistake as the nausea took a fairground style hold on her stomach. “Why do you come here, instead of to the hospital?” she gasped.
“Agreement with the health service and the army.” Rohan sighed. “I don’t mind if you wait in the car.”
“I’m okay,” Emma managed, saved from her agony by the return of the doctor. Rohan stared at his empty hands and groaned. Then he swore in Russian and Emma pursed her lips.
The doctor winced. “Sorry, Rohan. Not good news, I’m afraid. That jolt you took to the prosthetic leg knocked the central peg out of alignment and shattered the plastic cuff. It’s not sitting straight, which is why you’ve ended up with pressure sores.” He frowned at the stained stocking material forming a gauze mountain next to the bed. Rohan had used three to buffer himself from the pain. “We’ll throw those away and I’ll get you some more. The boys in the workshop think it’ll take a few weeks to fix the leg. They’re also interested in how it happened. Scorch marks didn’t feature in the fall you described.” The doctor observed Rohan’s flushed, angry face and his tone changed. “Look, I understand how bad this is for you. It’s like going right back to the beginning. I wish I could fix it now and hand it back, but it’s too damaged.”
Every muscle in Rohan’s face tensed and flexed. His fists clenched at his sides. “You don’t know what it’s like, so please don’t pretend. You don’t know how it feels to look at the car, the toilet, the shower or your trousers, and wonder how the hell you’ll tackle every single bloody task with only one leg.” He swung himself up using his stomach muscles and glared at the medic. Then his jaw dropped. “Emma!”
The doctor turned to follow his gaze and his eyes widened. “What’s happening?”
Emma ignored them both, sliding free of the flimsy vest which covered her over washed bra. She used it to wipe her forehead and swayed on her feet. Rohan swung his leg off the bed and tried to stand, hobbling on the spot with his arms balancing his weight. “Emma!” he said again, raising his voice to get her attention.
“Oh no!” Emma’s striptease had reduced her temperature but not dealt with the root cause of her discomfort. She lurched towards the doctor and his lips parted in complaint as he side stepped the collision. But Emma had a different goal in sight and she maintained her trajectory, seizing the sink with desperate, grasping fingers. Succumbing to inevitability, she relaxed like an athlete on finding the finish line. And vomited into the examination room sink.

Chapter 50
“Perhaps you should have stayed in the waiting room,” the doctor sympathised. He handed Emma a plastic cup filled with cold water. Rohan sat on the bed in the corner, staring at his fingers and refusing to catch her eye.
“Will you both just stop with the leg stuff?” Emma exclaimed. Her stomach growled in hunger, an irritating turn of events following its purge. A breeze from the open window caused goose pimples to rise on her bare flesh and she shivered. Nurses came and went, interested to see the woman who’d vomited in the sink and then fainted on the carpet. “It’s not the damn leg! I never liked that one, anyway.” She halted at the look of alarm spreading across Rohan’s face. “Joke,” she breathed.
Emma stared up at the ceiling, testing the temporary vertigo which threatened if she stood too soon. A white plaster rose surrounding the light shade remained fixed in place, an improvement on earlier when it had dive bombed her. Emma dipped sideways and retrieved her vest without incident. She slipped it over her head and risked adding the shirt. After another sip of water, she debated the wisdom of putting on the pullover and chose not to risk it. She focussed on the ornate architrave around the door, a testament to the age of the converted house. Thoughts of Anton’s mansion rose to the forefront of her mind and she pushed it away for now. She sighed, sensing her head might explode if she didn’t reveal at least one of her secrets.
“Please, could I have a minute with my husband?” she asked the doctor, registering his reluctance to leave. She waited while he messed around with paperwork before he complied. He frowned at Rohan’s dejected posture and closed the door behind him.
Rohan adjusted a blanket covering his knees. His left leg hung below the fringe, a black sock shrouding his foot. Emma rose with care, trailing her fingers over the arm of the chair in case the world gave an unexpected tilt. She walked to Rohan and pressed her face against his shoulder. “We need to talk,” she whispered.
“Yeah, I figured as much.” His heavy tone conveyed his desperation. He stared at his twined fingers and didn’t enfold her into his arms like she wanted.
“Rohan Andreyev, stop being such a big baby!” Emma pushed herself between his thighs, the blanket pulling taut against her jeans. His chest remained a hard wall of muscle. Emma turned her face sideways to snuggle against his neck. She breathed in his musky scent of eucalyptus and summer. “I’m suffering from morning sickness,” she whispered. “I’ve been trying to tell you a few things since yesterday, and one of them is that I’m pregnant.”
“What?” Rohan’s head whipped around hard enough to give him whiplash. He grabbed Emma’s shoulders. “What did you just say?”
“You heard me. I’m not repeating it.” Her lower lip trembled at the sight of Rohan’s azure irises flashing with danger. He worked his way through the full gamut of shock, disbelief, and then hope.
“Pregnant?” He bit his lip and a shy smile tugged at the corners of his lips. “Really? You said before that you got your period.”
Emma glared at him, anticipating the question he hadn’t asked. “It wasn’t the right moment. But if you ask if it’s yours, I’ll slap your face!”
Rohan shrugged and his brow furrowed. “It didn’t occur to me.” He rubbed his left eye with the heel of his hand. “How can you know you’re pregnant already?”
“Already?” Emma’s head jerked backwards, and she closed her eyes against the nausea it induced. “What do you mean?”
“Yesterday.” Rohan raised an eyebrow and his lips twisted.
Emma swallowed. “Back up five weeks to a night at the start of November and a beautiful, borrowed red dress which you ripped.”
Rohan’s lips parted. “Then? Wow!” He stared at the carpet and his eyes glazed as he turned to the familiarity of calculations and strategies. Emma winced at the grinding of his teeth. “So, you were pregnant when they kidnapped you?” His jaw hardened, and he swore. “I’ll kill Dolan!” He ran a shaking hand across his upper lip. “But my guy drugged you. How can we find out if it hurt the baby?”
Emma shuddered at the memory of the burning mansion. She faltered, the nausea increasing its grip on her stomach. “I don’t know.” She sighed. “Pregnant women have operations. It should be okay.” She rubbed a tentative hand across her abdomen. “I don’t have the energy to look for extra things to worry about.”
A knock on the door made her jump, and she winced and clutched Rohan’s thigh. He wrapped a protective arm around her shoulders. The doctor entered the room, flanked by a nurse and another man wearing a white coat. His straight bearing indicated military service. The group halted in the centre of the carpet. The new physician stepped forward and offered his outstretched palm to Rohan. “Captain Andreyev, it’s a pleasure to meet you.”
Emma leaned against the bed and stared at her boots. Rohan moved in her peripheral vision, dipping forward to shake the man’s hand. “Likewise,” he murmured.
“I understand you’re distressed at the time it’ll take to mend your prosthetic leg.” His voice held both apology and authority. “The boys in the laboratory assure me they can have it ready by late Friday afternoon. You must manage for a few days, but it should be back before Christmas.” He raised a grey eyebrow and cocked his head.
Rohan exhaled. “Thank you. My son is six. I’d like to play with him on Christmas Day.” He looked at Emma and smiled, his eyes crinkling at the corners. The doctor nodded and turned away, missing Rohan’s expression as he stroked a gentle palm across Emma’s stomach. “I’ve already missed far too much,” he whispered.

Chapter 51
Emma helped Rohan navigate the miniscule space between the vehicles. He swivelled on his left leg and pushed his backside into the car, falling across the gear stick. Emma seized his crutches and shoved them into the back seat, slamming the door behind her.
She blew out a breath from between pursed lips. A white cloud of condensation formed around her head. In the driving seat, she turned a grim expression on her husband. “Buckle up. This ain’t gonna be pretty. Get ready to pull on the handbrake because I’m working up to another puking session.” She exhaled and touched her stomach. “I know it’s cold, but I need to keep all the windows open.”
Rohan snorted. “If you add all our parts together, we wouldn’t make one decent body between us.”
“Speak for yourself!” Emma glared at him and started the engine.
The return journey to Market Harborough took a lifetime and Emma parked on the road in front of the house. “I’m pretending I parked out here for you,” she grumbled. “But I don’t think I can make it through the garden without decorating everything on the way.”
“It’s fine.” Rohan spoke with softness. He turned in his seat to stroke Emma’s cheek with the backs of his fingers. He glanced up at the house. “Now, we just have to work out how to get indoors, seeing as neither of us can help the other.”
“This is tragic,” Emma groaned, leaning her head against the headrest.
A neighbour walking his dog paused at the sight of Rohan wielding crutches with a flapping, empty pants leg. But Emma’s spectacular decoration of the hedge sent him skittering along the street at speed. Rohan rubbed her back as he hopped on one leg, trying to balance on his crutches and fit his key into the lock.
“Hurry, or the next lot goes in your shoe,” Emma threatened as she clutched Rohan’s redundant right shoe beneath her arm. As the front door opened and Rohan hopped back for her to pass, Emma made a beeline for the downstairs cloakroom and took his shoe with her.
The sickness took time to pass and left Emma exhausted. She laid on the lounge sofa and clutched a mug of hot milk. “I don’t know why this helps, but it does,” she mused, taking a tentative sip.
“Good.” Rohan peered at his phone with a frown marring his features. “It says here that morning sickness is the stomach’s way of telling you it’s empty, but the hormones mess up the signal. That’s why the milk is working. It’s satiating the hunger.”
Emma sighed. “Please don’t tell me you plan to Google every sneeze, Ro.” She pursed her lips at the sadness in his eyes and kept the rest of the rebuke to herself. He’d missed Nicky’s entire existence until a few months ago. Rohan placed his phone on the arm of the sofa and pulled her feet into his lap. The device vibrated and slid onto the cushion.
Emma swallowed. “Just answer it. Is it Craig calling about your mother’s case?”
Rohan ignored her question. “Do you think you could light the fire now? I can tell you where everything is.”
“Please don’t make me?” she groaned. “Why can’t you just get a gas fire like normal people? Then you can press a button and heat pops out.” Emma silenced herself at the memory of the cold gas fire at her house in Lincoln. She hadn’t afforded to light it, even when ice collected on the inside of the windows.
Rohan blew out a breath and wrinkled his nose. His fingers massaged her toes with gentle strokes, moving upward to tease out the tension in her instep. “How did you keep warm while I was away?” he asked, his tone somber.
“Central heating.” Emma jerked her head towards the radiator, which filled twice a day with boiling water from the gravity fed system. Her mind wandered to the vast rooms in Anton’s house, and her brain stalled at the concept of heating them without financing the national grid.
She forced herself to relax, running through the words she would use to tell Rohan that she and Nicky would be leaving. Then he held out his arms to her and she couldn’t say them.
Emma placed her mug on the floor and crawled to his side. He’d pinned up the leg of his trousers to stop it flapping, and the absence of the prosthesis seemed to diminish him. His arm weighed heavily over her shoulders as he pulled her against his ribs. “I’m sorry for all this,” he murmured. “I hate how my injury forces dependence on others.”
Emma swallowed as guilt set up a nagging in the back of her mind. “I’ll light the fire if you’re cold,” she conceded. “Tell me where to find the coal and what to do with it.”
“It’s not about that.” Rohan released a heavy sigh. He shook his head and stared at the ceiling. “I should have disarmed that idiot. Seeing you sitting there just threw me for a moment. Dolan always makes me lose my head.” The fingers of his right hand brushed imaginary marks from his trouser leg. Emma nodded and leaned her cheek against his chest.
“I get it,” she whispered. “We go through hard times and think we’ve escaped. The smallest thing can trigger a fear of ending up right back where we started.”
“Da.” His smile appeared genuine, stretching the muscles either side of his mouth. “You do get it.” He tilted her chin up with his index finger and his gentle kiss ignited a spark in her stomach. Its warmth filtered through her thoughts to obscure any other signals to her brain. Emma’s fingers stroked the solid pectoral muscles beneath his shirt, following the familiar pattern of dips and ridges. Her index finger slipped between two buttons and the heat from his skin seared the soft pad of her finger.
Rohan lifted a hand and his long fingers sifted through her curls, selecting one and twirling it. Emma’s memories took her back to the first time he’d done it. They’d been six and nine, standing in front of Alanya while she raged about some trivial misdemeanor. The tiny Emma had drawn comfort from the contact and fallen just a little in love. “So, what’s next for your mother?” The question seemed a natural progression from her thoughts, but the unexpectedness of her enquiry forced Rohan’s fingers to still. He absorbed her interest and then selected another curl to replace the one he’d dropped.
“They moved her to a secure unit. She appears like a normal, level-headed fifty-six-year-old woman, but Craig said the cops noticed significant agitation during the last interview. The lead detective asked her about your father and she lost the plot.” Rohan paused, his words seeming hard to form. “They called a doctor, who decided she wasn’t fit for questioning. Craig will keep me up to date with developments.”
“Okay.” Emma wrapped her arms around Rohan’s neck, eager to soothe his pain. Alanya’s meltdown didn’t surprise her, but she sensed Rohan’s overwhelm. He’d been his mother’s favourite and avoided her special remedies as though a higher power protected him. His oblivion had fractured his relationship with Anton in the end. The bleakness of Emma’s childhood threatened her from within its forbidding darkness, and she squeezed her eyes shut to avoid its onslaught. She’d threatened to help the detectives but dreaded recalling all the horrors of living with Alanya Andreyev-Harrington as her guardian. There were ghosts of her own she would need to slay before speaking to the police.
Emma seized the edge of the fluffy throw blanket from the back of the sofa and tugged it over their heads, sealing them into a grey, secret world. Returning to avoidance tactics felt like pushing her feet into comfy slippers. Rohan’s arms slid around her waist and pulled her closer. He opened his mouth to speak and Emma staved off more words about Alanya that she didn’t want to hear. She pressed her lips over his. “I feel better now,” she whispered. “Wanna play ‘Let’s Pretend’ with me?”
Rohan snorted. He rested his forehead against hers. “You must be thinking of someone else,” he replied. “I waited for my marriage bed. I’m a good Russian Orthodox boy.”
Emma shifted closer, sliding into his lap and feeling his arousal beneath her. She touched her lips to his and static from the blanket crackled through her hair. Then in deference to the beautiful Anton, who schooled her in a passable Russian accent, Emma lowered her voice and said, “But I give you good, sturdy sons, comrade. And you vill find me terrible Anglican.”
Rohan laughed, his gentle baritone filling the room with life. His lips warmed hers with a scorching kiss. Rohan’s shirt buttons became a casualty of their zeal, scattered across the floorboards as Emma’s eager fingers fumbled with his shirt. She freed herself from the blanket and pounced on the nearest one. The tiny button settled in her palm. “I’ll mend it,” she promised.
Rohan appeared from beneath the blanket and tipped her onto her back. “You’re krasivyy,” he whispered. “I’ve missed you so much.”
“You call me krasivyy, Ro. But I don’t feel beautiful. Nicky left me with cracking stretch marks, which are about to get a lot worse. Breastfeeding ruined my boobs and I avoid looking at my ass in the mirror.” She tugged at the folds of the blanket and Rohan resisted.
His eyes narrowed. “I’ll raise you a missing leg and twelve shrapnel wounds.”
Emma exhaled. She flapped her right arm as he leaned up on one elbow and attacked the bottom of her pullover. “It all just makes you more gorgeous. Women love guys with scars.” She held her breath as he hauled the woolly shroud up and over her head. Her arms flailed free first, still gripping the cuffs of her sweatshirt. She tried again. “Women stare at you. Girls like Felicity fixate on you. I hate it.” And there it was, her lack of competitiveness defeating her before she started. Her shoulders slumped as she heard her truth. She didn’t want to spend her life fending off Felicitys, not when he didn’t trust her with the details of the Actuary. And not when she didn’t value herself.
“But I love you, not them.” Rohan blinked and his brow furrowed. “I keep telling you, Felicity was a mark.”
“Yeah, so you said.” Emma saw the moment the portcullis crashed down over his emotions. He locked everything behind it.
“I’ll never be able to tell you everything. I shouldn’t need to.” Those last four words locked her out with more finality than a bolt and padlock.
Emma glanced sideways, looking for a suitable escape route. Her teeth ground in her jaw and she shifted her hips.
“No, you don’t get to run again.” Rohan dropped his hand to her cheek and his fingers caressed the soft skin beneath her right eye. “Give us a chance, Em. Let me be a husband to you.” His thumb traced the line of her jaw, creating a ticklish sensation which travelled to her collar bone. Rohan’s fingers moved to her waist, seeking the soft skin beneath her sweatshirt and vest. He stroked his hand along her side, his pupils dilating as he recognised her familiar gasped response. When her lips parted, he kissed her again, silencing her protests for the moment.
Her sweatshirt didn’t quite make it over Emma’s head, hindering little as it laid around her neck like a scarf. The sofa creaked beneath them, reminding them of passion stolen from behind Alanya’s iron curtain. The button plunged from Emma’s palm, hitting the floorboards and rolling to a stop beneath the coffee table. All that mattered was the need to satiate the overwhelming surge of love and conflict which arced between them like the completion of an electrical circuit. They had walked over glass and come full circle.
Afterwards, they squeezed onto the sofa and Rohan hauled the blanket over their legs. “For the record, I love every one of your stretch marks.” The content of the words didn’t match the sternness of his tone.
“I’m starving,” she breathed, choosing to ignore his remark.
Rohan cocked his head sideways and stared at his watch. “It’s lunchtime,” he conceded. “I used the last of the bread this morning.” His jaw tightened, and he glanced down at his sock poking from beneath the blanket. “I should have gone to the supermarket before I let them take my prosthesis.”
Emma winced. “I need to show you something later.” She held her breath. Rohan had lent her an old mobile phone, and a text to Kieran earlier had generated a request for her bank account number. A sizeable amount had made its way through the electronic transfer system in just a few minutes. “Let’s go out to lunch. My treat.”
Rohan studied something beyond the glass panes of the French doors, his gaze fixed on things Emma couldn’t see. He frowned. “I know I should force myself to leave the house. Apparently, fear is an illusion. But without my leg I am scared.”
Emma pulled the blanket up to their chins and laid her head on his shoulder. “What scares you most?”
“Moy syn.” Rohan’s immediate answer listed his son’s opinion as his biggest fear. “He might think I’m ne polezno.”
Emma inhaled and stroked the downy hair on Rohan’s chest. “He’ll never think that Ro. Not of you. ‘Useless’ isn’t in his vocabulary where you’re concerned.
“Then what do we do? How do we deal with this?” He rubbed his eyes and his fingers trembled. “I can’t stand in the playground with everyone staring and inform him I’ve only got one leg.”
“No, I know.” Emma sat up and nodded. “Let me worry about Nicky.”
Rohan agreed to go out for lunch. He directed her to a village public house to the west of Market Harborough. His fingers tapped the window ledge long after she’d killed the engine.
“Is my driving that bad?” Emma asked, turning to watch him.
Rohan inhaled. “Bloody shocking. I vomited twice, and you didn’t notice.” His irises flashed to the colour of slate and he gnawed the inside of his cheek. “Let’s get this over with.”
“We can go to a drive through if you’d rather?” Confusion filled Emma’s mind at the paradox of this vulnerable version of Rohan.
He shook his head. “What, after you helped me dress with such aplomb?” He waved a hand at his slacks and the trainer poking from the end. Emma had pinned the other trouser leg closed after folding the excess fabric inside. It looked neater than the job he’d done in haste at the clinic. The missing shin and foot created a strange illusion in their absence.
Emma shrugged. “You can wait in the car when I fetch Nicky later, if you like. Then I’ll drive us somewhere nice and we’ll hang out for a while as a family.”
Rohan nodded and forced a smile onto his lips. Emma took a deep breath as she left the vehicle. His discomfort resonated in her spirit and she ached for him as she pulled the crutches from the back seat. Rohan took his time swinging his body sideways and accepting her assistance. His jaw flexed, the bone showing through his cheek as he fought the urge to shrug off her mothering. Emma read the signals of exasperation and backed off, fussing with the central locking while Rohan took himself down two steps to the front of the public house.
Warm air hit them like a wall as they entered, the hum of voices adding a comforting backdrop. Food scents crowded around them, the aroma of mashed potato and fried meat making Emma’s stomach grumble. She flanked Rohan to the bar and plucked two menus from a wooden stand, trying to decide what she wanted to eat and drink. The array of homemade offerings presented her with too many choices, and she floundered. Rohan leaned a crutch against the wooden bar and tugged his wallet from his pocket, balancing with skill as he paid cash for the drinks. Emma worried, wanting to use her new found wealth to treat him, but eager not to dismiss his importance or generosity. She sighed with relief as the bar manager set a glass of lemonade on top of the bar. “How did you know that was exactly the right thing to order?” She flashed Rohan an appreciative smile as the man set a tumbler of neat vodka next to it.
Rohan’s eyelashes fluttered with pleasure and he dipped his chin. “Sorry, but you must carry them.” He turned to face the tables crowded with lunchtime patrons. His shoulders tensed and his knuckles whitened on the crutch handles.
The bar manager spoke to Emma. “Just grab a seat anywhere. Order at the bar when you’ve decided what food you want. Kitchen closes at two o’clock.”
Emma watched her husband struggle towards a table for two in the corner. He navigated other people’s legs, handbags and backs before laying his crutches between the table and the wall and slumping into a dining chair. Emma clutched the menus to her chest and followed him, dropping the laminated sheet in front of him as she sat. “I can order the food once you know what you want.” She smiled at him before realising she’d asserted herself without asking if that suited him.
Rohan frowned and lines furrowed his brow. “I’ll do it,” he replied, his tone flat. “What do you fancy?”
Emma chose soup and ciabatta bread to avoid baiting her stomach. Rohan hefted himself to the bar, and she forced herself not to watch him struggle. The stiffness of his movements as he rose highlighted his inner turmoil. She sensed him setting her up to fail, providing her with reasons to reject him.
Rohan’s meandering progress across the room attracted interest. The crowd stared while chewing, and Emma’s fists balled at their thoughtlessness. A woman leaned sideways to study the odd gap at the bottom of his trouser leg as though processing a complicated jigsaw puzzle. Rohan’s biceps bulged through his shirt sleeves as he made his way back to Emma, a picture of power from the waist up. This more vulnerable version of him tugged at her heart on a different level, offering an alternate path for their future. Emma swallowed and sifted through the decisions looming ahead of her. She loved him. She’d always loved him. Hope budded in her chest at the tentative thought he might want to come with her to live at Anton’s house.
The beamed ceilings soared overhead, offering a timeless, calm ambience which gave her space to reflect. Rohan dropped into the seat opposite her and fitted his crutches down the side of the table. He sat up with a sigh. “I really miss my leg,” he mused, his tone tinged with frustration. “It’s one thing clattering around at home and quite another living a normal life in the public arena.”
Emma stared at the table top, which bore the scars of decades of use. “Can I ask you a question?” She blinked at the flash of alarm in his eyes. Mental and emotional fatigue caused his irises to glaze and sparkle.
“Yeah?” He sighed and ran a hand over his face.
Emma leaned forward. “Does that group of soldiers know about your injuries?”
Rohan sighed and his shoulders slumped. He seemed to fold in on himself. “Yeah.”
“Then why was it so difficult for you to tell me?” She cocked her head as though it improved her understanding.
Rohan shook his head. “I told you. Embarrassment. Shame. Pick one of the above.” He leaned back in his seat and his irises sparkled. “You worshipped me when we were kids and my ego thrived on it. I thought I’d become diminished in your eyes as soon as you knew.” He pursed his lips and dripped his chin.
“Idiot!” Emma grasped his hand and pulled it onto the table. Rohan entwined his fingers with hers and stared at the knot of knuckles against the cream tablecloth. “I think you’re even more amazing than I ever believed.”
Rohan’s reluctant smile held disbelief. The food arrived, plates swooping between them to delay her confession until another time. Emma stared at her soup with pursed lips. Anton’s solicitor wanted to know her plans so he could finally fulfil his duties as executor. Using the manor house as a family home attracted fewer financial penalties. Kieran had texted her four times asking for her to make an appointment with Mr Allen. She’d returned only one of his messages by responding with her bank details.
After lunch, Emma drove to the school and parked up on the road. She leaned back in her seat and yawned. Rohan turned sideways and slipped an arm around her shoulders. “Tired, vozlyublennaya?”
She nodded as he massaged the back of her neck with gentle strokes. He teased the stress knots with a firm, kneading action. “I could get used to this,” she joked, her energy levels plummeting as the dashboard clock marked the marching of time.
Rohan stayed in the car as agreed and Emma walked to the playground to fetch Nicky. Mel and Allaine stood waiting for their children, tapping their feet on the concrete to keep their toes warm. “How’s the job going?” Emma asked Mel, gratified by the happiness which flooded across her beautiful face. Mel’s newly beaded hair shimmered in the daylight. “It’s amazing!” she gushed. “I work with such awesome people. You should come in for one of my special coffees. Customers keep saying how nice my drinks are.”
“I’d like that.” Emma smiled and tugged her sweater tighter around her chest.
“How are you?” Allaine asked in a low voice as Mel turned to speak to another parent about a play date for Mo.
“I’m okay,” Emma replied. She forced a smile onto her lips. “Lots to deal with in the last couple of days but I’m doing fine.”
“What about the you-know-what?” Allaine whispered.
Emma rolled her eyes in an exaggerated motion. “Which one?” she hissed. “There are more than one to choose from.”
“Oh.” Allaine cringed and knotted her forehead in a frown. “Anything I can do to help?”
Emma leaned in so she could speak without being overheard. “Rohan’s mother is undergoing mental health assessments. Her lawyer thinks she has a disorder which makes her poison people so she can appear to help them get better.” Emma paused, not sure how much more to reveal.
Allaine winced. “I heard a little from Will, but he doesn’t like to share gossip from the station. Do you want to take the kids to the Baptist coffee shop after this?” Allaine indicated the children bursting through the blue door. They flowed ahead of Mrs Clarke like a human avalanche.
Emma touched her arm in thanks but shook her head. “Rohan is waiting in the car. There’s somewhere we need to go. Can we meet after we drop them at school in the morning? I’d appreciate some help with Nicky’s wise man costume for Friday.”
Allaine snorted. “It’s easy. A granny nightie and a tea towel will work. But poor Mrs Clarke will regret giving these wise men any airtime, let alone a stage and a microphone! They’re cooking something up and she should watch out.”
“Definitely” Emma agreed. “I think I’ve just the thing for Kaylee in the suitcase I brought from Lincoln.” She smirked. “I kept Lucya’s old nighties for when it got freezing in the council house.”
“Thank you!” Allaine gushed. “I can’t make Kaylee understand that wise men didn’t turn up to see Baby Jesus wearing fairy wings!”
Emma laughed, but the cheerful expression faded from her lips as Nicky’s eager face appeared. He stood on the steps and raked the crowd for her. “Here goes,” she muttered.
“What?” Allaine shot her an anxious glance but her daughter distracted her. Kaylee ran into her stomach with an armful of wet paintings, spreading colours across her mother’s coat. By the time Allaine looked up, Emma had already gone.
“Nick, I need to talk to you about some grown up stuff,” Emma said, forcing an unthreatening lightness into her voice. Nicky’s shoulders drooped as he trudged along next to her. She guided him to a wooden bench near the lane onto Scotland Road and Nicky stared at the ground as he walked.
“We’re leaving, aren’t we?” He sounded too old for his years.
“Not today,” Emma replied, and he looked up at her in confusion.
“Well, what other grown up stuff is there?”
She sighed and bit her lip. “This is about Rohan,” she began, frustrated by Nicky’s interruptions. She swallowed and tried again.
“Is he leaving?” Nicky’s azure irises widened and tears pricked at the corners. He turned sideways on the bench to face her.
“No! Nicky, this is important. I need you to listen to me.” Emma wrestled with her exasperation, reminding herself he was still just six years old. “Around the time you were born, Rohan had an accident in the army. He lost his leg.” She got the words free and opened her mouth to continue.
“Can we help him look for it?” Nicky stared up at her. His delicate features contained such earnestness, Emma struggled not to cry.
“There’s no point. It got too damaged, so the doctors gave him a special one. Unfortunately, it got a bit broken over the weekend and it’s gone to the menders.” Nicky studied his mother with his full concentration, wide blue eyes boring into her face. “So.” Emma bit her lip. “He’s only got one leg, and he’s worried you might not...”
“Might not help ‘im up the stairs?”
“No, might not...”
“Might not fetch him fings?”
“No, might not...”
“Might not get ‘im cuppa teas?”
“No Nick!” Emma put her head in her hands. “Might not like him!”
“Oh.” Nicky sat back on the bench and swung his legs. His blond brows furrowed. “Why would I think that? I love ‘im. He said he’d be my dad. Look, I done ‘im a picture of us all.” He scrabbled in his library bag and hauled out a piece of crumpled paper. “You’re the green one, look.”
Emma glanced down at the stick men splatted on the page. A tall blue one held hands with a smaller blue one. A round green person stood to the side. In view of her morning sickness, it seemed an appropriate colour. A black splat at the bottom of the page denoted Farrell’s fuzzy body. He looked bigger than everyone else. “Beautiful.” Emma smiled. “Well, Ro’s in the car so let’s go and get him, shall we?”
“Not Ro!” Nicky corrected her. “Daddy!”
Emma pursed her lips and closed her eyes. The word sounded alien on her son’s tongue and she pushed the issue aside for another time.
They walked to the car and Emma opened the door for Nicky. He slid into the back seat and pushed his face through the gap to speak to Rohan.
“Belt up, Nick,” Emma told him.
“Nice crutches, Daddy!” Nicky fingered the metal rods straddling the foot well. “These are different from the ones under your bed, aren’t they?”
Emma shook her head in disbelief and started the engine, noticing the look of surprise on Rohan’s face. The child missed nothing. Like father, like son. She glanced at Nicky in the rear-view mirror and noticed him rub his eyes as he fastened his seat belt. His lips turned down, and he hung his head. “What’s the matter, Nick?” she asked.
He shifted in his seat, squirming as though uncomfortable. “Well, I sometimes walk about in the night with my pen torch. I’ve seen Daddy’s pretend leg in his bathroom, and I think I might have broken it. I only touched it though, just a little stroke to see if it was like a real one.” Nicky rubbed his eyes and tears squeezed free and ran down his cheeks. “I didn’t mean to break it!”
Rohan twisted his body to push his face between the seats. He held out his hand to Nicky and a deep sense of grief shrouded his irises with a stormy hue. Emma climbed into the back and held her son. “It wasn’t your fault,” she soothed. “The leg had a different sort of accident and it broke real good.” Her shoulders slumped. She’d wanted to talk about Anton’s house but the leg issue dominated Nicky’s thoughts. She sighed. “It doesn’t matter.” She held Nicky as he wiped his eyes, grateful for the tinted windows as other children filed past on their way home.
Darkness gripped the land in firm fingers and Emma abandoned all hope of a trip to Anton’s place as daylight faded.

Chapter 52
Emma remained silent on the drive home. The secret of Anton’s gift formed a knot in her chest. Her patience snapped as the street outside Rohan’s house offered no easy parking space. She halted in the middle of the road and thumped the steering wheel. “This is ridiculous!” she snarled. Pressing her foot on the gas pedal, she gunned the engine and tore away from the house, taking a left turn without indicating. Rohan leaned forward to observe her crazy moment, but Nicky kept his own counsel, staring at the passing lights rushing past his window. She drove to Anton’s house, deflecting all questions and attempt at conversation. “Wait and see,” she repeated. “Just wait and see.”
The ten minute drive took forever, school traffic slowing progress along the Northampton Road. Rohan’s frown settled into deep lines accentuated by the lengthening shadows of the retreating daylight. Emma passed the layby and turned the vehicle to face the ornate gates. “I’m not sure if the power is still connected.” She exited the car to punch in the code written on the paper instructions accompanying Anton’s letter. The keypad beeped, and the gates slid apart with a whir. Emma slammed her door, shivering in the chill which had invaded the vehicle. She nudged the car through the widening gap between the gates and set off up the driveway. The headlights bounced like yellow orbs onto the gritty surface, picking out the trees as though revealing sentries standing to attention at their approach.
“Where are we?” Nicky demanded. An alarm sounded from the dashboard as he disconnected his seatbelt and peered over Emma’s shoulder. For once, she didn’t rebuke him.
Emma pulled the car up next to the front door, trepidation blossoming in her heart at the sight of the blank, faceless windows. Rohan observed her with narrowed eyes, and Emma choked on the air of suspense. She took a deep breath and prepared to rip off the sticking plaster. “This was Uncle Anton’s house,” she announced, hearing the waver in her voice. “He’s given it to me.”
“Wow!” Nicky hopped around in the foot well, tripping and falling over the crutches. “Can I see ‘im? I love Uncle Anton!”
Emma blew out a breath and her chin wobbled. Her delay in telling Nicky about Anton’s death hadn’t lessened its bite. Her lips moved, but the words stayed lodged in her throat. Rohan laid his hand over her writhing fingers and turned in his seat to face the excited child. “Climb through, syn.” His powerful arms caught Nicky as he clambered through the gap, and he turned him sideways on his knee. Nicky glanced down at the space where Rohan’s leg should have been, and he gnawed on his lower lip.
Rohan waited for Nicky’s attention and took a deep breath. “I want to trust you with some huge things, Nikolai,” he began. “But you will find some of them painful.”
Nicky wrinkled his nose. “Like a sore?” He lifted his finger to display a paper cut.
Rohan swallowed and tapped the child’s thin chest. “Like a pain in here.”
Emma held her breath. If she’d expected diplomacy, she’d misunderstood. Rohan wouldn’t spare his son the raw truth, and she tensed at the wellspring of grief rising into her throat.
“Anton was my rodnoy brat. Do you understand?”
Nicky sniggered and glanced at Emma. “That sounds rude!” He raised his hand to his mouth to stifle the escaping giggles.
“Brother,” Emma whispered. “They were brothers, Nicky.”
Rohan exhaled and his fingers dampened hers. Anxiety leeched from him. “Da, brother,” he repeated. “Nikolai, Anton Stepanovich got sick.”
Nicky’s eyes widened to form massive orbs in his pale face. His head shook from side to side. “No! Not sick. Don’t say he got sick. Where is he? I need to see him.”
Rohan inhaled through his nose, filling his lungs. The motion shifted Nicky on his knee. “He died, my syn. But the last thing he asked from me was that I find your mother. And you.” Rohan’s jaw showed through his cheek. “I’m sorry.”
Nicky’s lower lip trembled, and Emma forced herself to avoid his gaze. Tears cascaded over her eyelids and soaked her jeans, a waterfall of misery. Nicky’s arms lifted and wrapped around Rohan’s neck. “You smell like him,” he whispered.
Rohan’s hands lifted, and he patted Nicky’s back. The severed connection with Emma seemed to cast her out alone. His movements appeared wooden and forced as he battled his own loss. She stared through the windscreen at the moonlight dappling scudding clouds and swallowed her sobs to avoid tainting the moment with her grief. Nicky lifted the bottom of his school jumper and wiped it across his face. “You’re a wonderful boy,” he said. The sniff which followed his praise made Emma wince.
“I am?” Rohan spoke through gritted teeth, his analytical mind stifling his heart’s cry beneath layers of foam behind which it screamed.
“Yeah.” Nicky sat up straight. “You done what Uncle Anton told you. I’m glad. I loved him very much.” He sniffed again and Emma jumped into action, searching her pockets for a tissue. “But why can’t I see ‘im and say goodbye?” His question hung between them in the darkness.
“He wanted us to remember him in happier times.” Emma sought to qualify Anton’s decisions, though she didn’t understand them herself. “But he gave us this enormous house.” Exhaustion laced her tone as she gazed up at the hulk of neglected brick. A hanging cable tapped against an upstairs window in the wind. She sighed at the growing sense of overwhelm. “Would you like to look inside it?”
“Yes.” Nicky wound his fingers through Rohan’s. “But can Dad come?”
Emma held her breath and watched her husband’s face. When his eyelashes fluttered and his gaze met hers, a mask covered his emotions. “I’d love that,” she admitted, her voice wavering. “If he wants to?”
They exited the vehicle into freezing icy darkness. Nicky took care of Rohan, fetching his crutches one at a time and ensuring Rohan’s stability before slamming the car door behind him. Emma couldn’t watch, battling a sense of exclusion alongside the tsunami of sadness. She ground the key in the lock of the front door and braved the darkness to seek a light switch. Its click echoed in the empty hallway as light bloomed from an ornate overhead chandelier. Emma frowned. She’d expected the wall sconces to light their way, and the chandelier’s enthusiasm blinded her.
“Wow!” Nicky breathed.
“Der’mo!” Rohan closed his eyes, missing Emma’s glare at the free use of the expletive. He exhaled and shook his head. “He lived around the corner from me and said nothing!” He spat the words and turned back towards the front door. Emma gripped the car keys in her pocket and depressed the button to seal the central locking against his escape. She raised her index finger and paused at the lengthening of her shadow.
“Rule number one is no swearing in any language.” She dipped her chin and raised an eyebrow. Her husband eyed the staircase to the right of them, solid oak and angular as it doglegged twice before sailing to the upstairs level. The balustrade betrayed a gallery over the entrance hall. Rohan glanced down at his crutches and wrinkled his nose.
“What’s rule number two?” Nicky bounced on the balls of his feet. He glanced backwards at Rohan and attempted a wink, which resulted in both eyes closing and his eyebrows mismatching themselves.
Emma swallowed. “I haven’t thought of one yet.”
“Yey.” Nicky punched the air. “I can do it for you then.”
“Great.” Emma watched Rohan’s attempts to recover, failing to understand the thoughts rampaging through his head.
“Can I look around downstairs?” Nicky rose onto his toes as though settling into the starting blocks for a race, and Emma nodded.
“Stay on this floor,” she advised, her voice stern. “Don’t run too far ahead of us.” She focussed on Rohan, desperate to interrogate him while knowing it wouldn’t work. Nicky charged into the darkened corridor without fear, and she steeled herself for the anticipated discussion. She didn’t expect Rohan’s next comment.
“Congratulations.” He forced a lightness into his tone. “You’ll live here?”
Emma stepped across the open space, looking for Freda’s fabled dent in the wood but not finding it. She stopped in front of Rohan but didn’t touch him. “Do you want it instead?” she asked, willing to release Anton’s gift into the hands of his brother if that’s what he wanted.
Rohan’s head jerked back on his neck. Horror darkened his irises. “No!” He raised his voice and disappointment flitted across his expression. “How could you ask that? I have plenty. He knew I didn’t need it. I’m happy with his decision.” His crutches squeaked against the floorboards, changing their sound as he stepped onto the quarry tiles lining the corridor. Nicky’s voice carried back as an enthusiastic echo.
“I’d give it to you.” Emma’s words emerged as though strangled from her throat. Rohan stopped and his right shoulder dipped as he turned his head. “You could have it all,” she whispered. “If it would replace everything you’ve lost.”
Rohan sighed and his head hung low enough for his chin to touch his chest. He shook it from side to side. “Losing you was the greatest loss of my life.” His voice grew in strength and he waggled his right crutch. “This is nothing compared to the pain of that. And worse still was the agony of pretending I didn’t care.” His crutches continued their relentless squeak against the tiles as he limped away from her.

Chapter 53
Emma wandered the cavernous rooms alone. She followed the echo of Nicky’s excited questioning, staying one room behind them and turning off the lights as she left each one. Confusion added to the weight in her chest, and the dejected house wrapped sad fingers around her heart.
“Mum?” Nicky emerged from a room on the left and seized her wrist. “Come and look at this. Farrell will love sleeping in this kitchen.” He towed her through a door which creaked on its hinges and she nodded as he pointed out an Aga range dominating and inset chimney. “Daddy said the servants would have cooked downstairs.” He waved his hand towards an open shelf on the opposite wall. “That’s a dumb waiter. The cook sent the food upstairs on that shelf. He says we can mend it so it goes up and down again.” Nicky raised a quizzical eyebrow. “You could post me into it and send it downstairs.” Hope lifted his sentence at the end and Emma nodded.
“Maybe.” Her non-committal reply caused a frown to knit his blond brows. His fingers closed around hers and he towed her after the click of Rohan’s crutches, inspecting the single storey spur off the side of the house. Emma recognised the corridor to the suite which had provided Freda with an escape route on the day of the auction.
Engine sounds from the occasional car filtered through the closed window shutters in the downstairs rooms at the front of the house. Fields and hills made up the rear section of land and Emma squinted through mottled panes of glass which showed only her own reflection.
Nicky tugged on her hand, his agitation increasing as he searched for something known only to him. “Upstairs now?” he begged, turning hopeful eyes on Emma as she clicked off the last light switch.
“Let’s come back tomorrow,” she replied, her tone soft. They halted at the bottom of the staircase, which doglegged back on itself to reach the upstairs level.
“No, now!” Panic introduced a whine into Nicky’s voice. Rohan waited for them in the corridor, his biceps rigid as he leaned on his crutches and stared at the tiles. He glanced up at Emma, his blond fringe falling into his eyes and bouncing against his lashes.
“Are you ready to go home now?” Emma asked him.
“Not yet!” Nicky’s chest hitched. “Please, Mummy. Not yet.” He released her hand and his footsteps padded back along the corridor towards the front door.
Rohan released a sigh and rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand. His crutch dangled from his wrist. Emma ventured closer, not wanting to force him to endure the stairs.
“He doesn’t understand,” she confided, lowering her voice. “It’s too hard for him to comprehend that Anton’s gone. He’s looking for him.”
Rohan blinked and considered her words. Then he nodded. “You should let him check or the hope will stay in his head.”
Emma gulped. “Is that what it does? It stays in your head until someone destroys it?”
Rohan’s lips quirked upwards into a sardonic smile which held no mirth. “You need to have hope in the first place for it to be destroyed.” His blue irises glittered beneath the overhead bulb. “Are you leaving me, Emma?”
Nicky’s shoes pattered against the floorboards as he skipped around the vast entrance hall. Emma sensed the bloody mindedness which drove him closer to the bottom of the main staircase. His steps echoed in the echoing space, the ghosts of previous generations accompanying him on his circuitous journey.
Her teeth ground in her jaw and in that moment she saw herself mirrored in his misery. Her own self-pity appeared ugly when viewed from this angle. She’d thought they’d reached a consensus as they lost themselves in passion, not realising they’d barely edged forward in their distrust of each other. Her lips parted in answer and a crash made her jump and let out a cry. Rohan’s left crutch hit the floor, and he reached for her, his fingers grasping her shoulders. He pressed her back against the wall and a dado rail dug into her spine. He bent to kiss her, his lips demanding commitment, promise and the elusive hope he’d spoken of. “I don’t want you to go.” His whisper begged for mercy while his lips sought to punish her.
Breathless, Emma leaned her head against the wall, her breasts rising and falling against Rohan’s shirt. “You’ll never trust me.” She issued the statement with an air of finality. “You’ll always doubt.”
“Then prove me wrong.” Rohan leaned his forehead against hers, and she lifted a hand to stroke his cheek. “Stay at Newcombe Street with me.”
“Anton wanted me to live here.” She frowned in confusion. Everything Anton had ever done aimed for reconciliation and not division. Her chest ached with the weight of responsibility for his hopes and dreams.
Rohan’s shoulders sagged as though relinquishing the fight. He stared up at the high ceiling, his gaze focussing on a patch of plaster hanging over their heads. Emma swallowed and held her breath. Her words emerged in a rush. “Why don’t you come with us?”
Rohan frowned. His nose wrinkled in a characteristic straight from Nicky’s list of dismissive expressions. “Anton bought this for you, Em. He gave my son legitimacy and now he’s given him security. I have no place here.”
Emma gasped. “Is that what you think?” Her voice rose. “Do you honestly believe that Anton intended to usurp you?” She thumped the flat of her hand against his chest. “I feel like I don’t know you today, Ro. You lost your leg, not your brain!” The jibe sounded crueler than she intended, and she squirmed out from beneath his arm. “You tell me you love me in one breath and sever all connection with the next.” She jabbed a finger into his chest. “Nobody else killed your hope, Rohan. Why would they need to when you’re so bloody good at killing it yourself?”
She strode along the corridor and left him to retrieve his crutch from the floor. “Nicky!” she called. “Come on, we’re leaving.” She stopped in the entrance hall and a chill wrapped itself around her heart. The pattering footsteps had gone with their maker. Emma walked to the front door and spun on the spot. “Nicky!” She raised her voice to an echoing shout. “Where are you?”
Silence hung in the air like a mist, disturbed only by the click and squeak of Rohan’s approaching crutches. Darkness shrouded the balcony above the stairs and Emma held her breath. Dread filled her mind with warnings and recriminations.

Chapter 54
Emma searched the upstairs level, foreboding growing in her heart. She flicked on the light in every room but found each as empty and lifeless as the next. Regret circled her, criticising her for springing Anton’s death and then his gift on the child. Her footsteps echoed back at her, creaks and groans from the old house complaining at her selfishness. She jogged down the main staircase and met Rohan at the bottom. “I can’t find him.” Breathlessness betrayed her desperation. “I’ve checked all the rooms on both of the upper levels.” She ran shaking fingers through her fringe. “He always comes when I call him, Ro. What if he’s hurt?”
Rohan rested a hand on her shoulder. The handle of his crutch hung over his forearm. “He isn’t hurt.”
“How do you know?” Emma’s voice rose to a shout. “He might have fallen through a loose floorboard or hit his head.”
Rohan cocked his head and narrowed his eyes. “He would make a lot of noise if he had an accident. He’s hiding. I’ll find him.”
“How?” Emma’s gaze flicked to his empty trouser leg and back to the stairs. “You can’t get upstairs.” She dug her hand into her jeans pocket and hauled out the borrowed phone. “I need to call for help.” She unlocked the screen and tipped her face up in question. “Who should I call?”
“Nobody.” Rohan’s lips flattened into a line. “Go back to the room with the window seat. I will find Nikolai and persuade him to come downstairs.”
“Why is he doing this?” Emma hissed. She ran a hand across her mouth and her fingers trembled.
Rohan exhaled and surveyed the staircase. “I’ll ask him,” he replied, the answer so simple that Emma almost screamed. His crutches created a dual beat with the tread of his shoe as he set off towards the bottom step. He faced the sweeping staircase like a man contemplating Everest.
He used the crutches to create a tripod with his leg, shifting his balance from one to the other at just the right point to carry him to the first level. Watching his laboured progress left Emma feeling exhausted.
The muscles bulged through Rohan’s shirt as he navigated the staircase. His upper body strength made more sense in context with his injuries. She turned away to avoid the beat of frustration in her head at his slow progress, finding her way back to the lounge with the window seat where Kieran had delivered Anton’s wishes. The solidity of the house deadened any sounds from upstairs. “I’m going to bloody kill you, Nikolai Harrington!” Emma growled. She hurled herself onto the window seat and wrapped her arms around herself.
Half an hour passed. Half an hour of walking to the bottom of the stairs, listening and then walking back to the window seat. She discovered a downstairs cloakroom on the far side of the kitchen. The pipes clanged and squealed in protest at the flushing of the toilet. “This is ridiculous!” she hissed. Her foot rested on the bottom tread of the stairs, every fibre of her being demanding she take over the search. Then she removed it for the hundredth time. Her relationship with Rohan groaned beneath the weight of mistrust. Instinct dictated that her interference would destroy what little they possessed.
Maternal desperation permitted her to haul the borrowed phone from her pocket and flick Rohan a text. She jumped when the reply vibrated the device in her fingers.
‘We’re fine.’
“That’s fantastic then. I’m so happy for you.” Sarcasm poked its way through her relief.
Another ten minutes passed before Rohan’s crutches squeaked along the upstairs landing. Emma released her breath with a whoosh and sped back to the lounge. The backs of her knees hit the window seat’s wooden surface as Nicky’s voice cut through the silence. It echoed around the entrance hall with a tinny quality. Emma pressed a hand against her chest and willed her heart to behave. By the time the boys arrived at the door, she’d navigated the phone to a video of kittens playing in a box. She plastered a fake smile onto her lips and forced her breathing to slow.
Nicky crossed the room with a spring in his step. Puffy eyes and a hitch in his chest betrayed the residue of his distress. “Sorry I hid from you, Mummy,” he said. A hiccough split his sentence. His thin body settled onto the seat next to her and he rested his cheek against her shoulder.
Tiredness shrouded Rohan as he clanked through the doorway. Sinew and muscle stood out above his collar as he used his upper body strength to negotiate the turn. The last barrier protecting Emma’s heart shattered as an old love flooded through the chasm, tightening her chest and causing a pressure to build in her throat. A memory surfaced. A teenage Rohan struggled down the stairs at the vicarage, pressing against the wound from an appendectomy. His face registered nothing, though she’d seen the staples holding the angry cut sealed. The thirteen-year-old Emma experienced a surge of love which fuelled the drug like state he induced in her. She’d needed him with the same desperation as oxygen. He hadn’t accepted her help back then, but this new, vulnerable Rohan had let her accompany him to the clinic.
Emma relaxed her shoulders and wrapped her arm around Nicky. “I just wanted to love you better,” she whispered.
“I know.” Nicky’s chest hitched. “Daddy did it.”
Rohan stood by the fireplace, gazing into the empty grate. He avoided Emma’s gaze as though sensing she’d hate his usurpation of her role as champion soother and problem fixer. She frowned and tested her emotions, finding only relief at having another to share the burden with her.
“Mummy?” Nicky’s throat constricted the word as his body rebelled against the gulped air in his lungs. “Mummy, I’m so sad ‘bout Uncle Anton. But I didn’t want to tell the nasty lady I saw you and Daddy kissing.” His body gave an involuntary shudder and Rohan’s head lifted. His gaze lasered in on Nicky’s moving lips.
Emma cocked her head and inhaled. “What nasty lady? I don’t understand.”
“Papa will sort it out. Zapomnit’.” Rohan’s low growl accompanied the shake of his head. His eyes flashed and Emma read the message they delivered.
“That means remember,” Nicky translated for her. His lips lifted in a wary smile.
Emma nodded. She knew the word. It meant her son had discussed the issue with Rohan upstairs and cut her out of the equation. She forced down a flicker of jealousy and allowed the relief to dispel it.
Rohan stepped towards them. “Tomorrow, Nikolai and I will make his wise man costume after school. He needs to practice his words.”
“I don’t have many.” Nicky smiled. He leaned forward and touched Rohan’s thigh with a gentle movement. “I love having a dad. Can we live here together like a family? With Farrell?”
Emma pursed her lips, Rohan’s rejection creating a pit in her stomach. “Maybe.” She hedged her bets, not wanting to devastate her son for a second time that night.
“I found Uncle Anton’s room.” Another tearful hiccough punctuated Nicky’s sentence. “I smelled his aftershave in a blue bedroom. I want to have it as my room. You can stay next door. Then I can still hear you when you get scared and need me.”
“Okay.” Emma smoothed her fingers across his furrowed brow. “Let’s go back to Rohan’s house for now. We don’t need to decide anything tonight.”
They locked up and Emma drove home. Nicky fell asleep in the back seat. He washed and went to bed without argument, and Emma resisted the urge to join him beneath the warm blankets. She collapsed onto her mattress and closed her eyes, waking up a while later as Rohan knocked softly on the open door. “Can we talk?” he asked, his voice low.
“Yeah.” Emma pushed herself to a sitting position, lifting her knuckles to scrub at her eyes. “Sorry. I put him to bed and fell asleep.”
Rohan closed the door and turned, laying his crutches on the floor before hopping to the bed. He sat with his spine against the headboard and smiled across at her. “Bit of a day for shocks, wasn’t it?” His tone sounded heavy and filled with regret.
Emma nodded. She turned sideways and bent her right leg beneath her. “Tell me about this nasty lady.” A growl entered her voice. “I guess there are no prizes for assuming it’s Felicity.”
“Sorry.” Rohan ran a hand across his mouth. The bristles scratched against his palm. “This is all my fault. She said she’d get Nicky thrown out of the nativity unless he promised to tell her about anything that happened at home.”
“She meant contact between us?” Emma sighed and ground her teeth. “I’ll rip her head off.”
Patterns of light dappled against the ceiling as the streetlights cast reflections of the leaves and branches of a nearby tree. Rohan’s gaze flickered as he followed the shapes. “Not if I get to her first. She told him we were disgusting, and she’d get us arrested.” Rohan’s jaw created hard lines through his cheek.
Emma closed her eyes. “She made him afraid. That’s unforgiveable.”
“Where does she live?” She swung her feet off the side of the bed. Rohan leaned sideways and caught her wrist.
“I promised him I’d take care of it. He’s my son. Let me be his papa.”
“I’m trying!” Emma snapped. “Do you know how painful it felt staying downstairs while you talked to him? I wanted to rush up and tear the place apart until I found him. It’s always just been the two of us.”
“I know, vozlyublennaya. I know.” Rohan tugged on her wrist. When he released it, he opened his arms to her.
Emma’s brain caused a moment of hesitation, but her heart overrode it and she scooted across the mattress until her cheek rested against his chest. “What a mess,” she breathed.
“But it’s my mess.” Rohan kissed the top of her head. “I’ll fix it.”
“What will you do?” Emma tipped her head back to study his face. “Firebomb her house? Shoot her?” She raised herself onto her arms. “Can I help?”
Rohan snuffed out a laugh. “None of the above. I’ll do what I should have done at the start.”
“What’s that?” She frowned.
Rohan raised an eyebrow. “My homework.” He tugged her against his chest and settled his chin on the top of her head. “I assumed Hack sent her, and it coloured my response. He didn’t. So now, I’ll do some research and find out who she really is. Then I’ll deal with her.”
Emma nodded and his metal dog tags cut into her cheek. “I’m furious she told Nicky we were disgusting. Is that what you believe?”
“Why would you even ask me that?” Rohan’s tone roughened. “We aren’t blood relatives and didn’t choose to be pushed together in one family.” He sighed, his chest rising and falling against Emma’s ear. “My love for you was always different to Anton’s. He cosseted you like a tiny flower, protecting and nurturing. I battled with my feelings about you for years. I isolated myself until I couldn’t stop it any longer. Then, I kissed you. Remember?”
Emma nodded and smirked. “I remember.”
“Lie down with me?” His tone sent a shiver along Emma’s spine. His fingers smoothed the fabric of her sweatshirt, but he didn’t force her to comply. The thread between them tugged at her psyche, shimmering and twisting in its enticement. Emma tilted her head back to meet his gaze, her head screaming that she shouldn’t and her heart cheering her on. His familiar scent surrounded her and his heartbeat thudded against her ear. She craved the spark which arced between them as soon as their skin touched, the aching pleasure which tugged her up the mountain with him and hurled her off the top. Her brain screeched about consequences and her heart hugged her pregnancy tighter. What other consequences were there?
Rohan’s irises flickered at the conflict in her expression. His hand dropped to settle over her belly and Emma sensed him seeking a connection with his child. An index finger lifted her sweatshirt and slipped beneath her vest, tickling the soft skin and stroking along the waistband of her jeans. His thumb grazed the underside of her bra, searing the breasts beneath and drawing a gasp from her lips. And she was back in their shared history, hiding from Alanya in an exciting loop of danger and lust. The sexual tension rose between them like a monster from the deep, and Emma yearned to ride its back and touch the bottom of the lake.
All problems and dilemmas fell away as she pushed herself across his thighs. Her lips tilted up to cover his, and his hard chest rose beneath her palm. Rohan opened his mouth to speak, and Emma worked her index finger between them. “Shut up,” she whispered. “Just kiss me.”
He clasped his arms around her buttocks and hauled her against the zipper of his trousers. His arousal hardened against Emma’s groin. Rohan offered her love, but the Actuary threatened danger. The two faces of the strong Russian promised disaster, and Emma sensed herself irrevocably trapped between them.

Chapter 55
Rohan leaned against the roof of the vehicle as he straightened his crutches. The Friday matinee had caused time to speed and the preceding days passed in a blur of costume related tears and rehearsals. Tendons showed against Rohan’s wrists as he tensed his elbow and frowned down at his single shoe. Emma waited for him to right himself before slamming the door.
She drew her coat around her stomach and shivered, turning away to give him space. His soft voice called her back to him. “I’ll do it,” he said, lowering his voice as a group of parents passed them.
“Do what?” Her eyes narrowed in question. White vapour poured from between her lips.
Rohan exhaled and his breath merged with hers as a swirling cloud. “I’ll come to the manor house with you.” His jaw showed through his cheek and he straightened his spine to stand tall before her. “You must agree to some modifications, but I’ll move in with you and Nicky.” He paused. “If the offer is still open.”
Emma’s lips parted in a genuine smile. “Really? Of course, it is.” She took a step forward, but Rohan held up his hand.
“We can talk about it after the play.” He jerked his head towards the parents filing through the school gates. “We should get a seat.”
“Okay.” Emma’s eyes sparkled with delight. And relief. She walked alongside him as they battled their way up the street, a bitter wind winding through their legs. It tugged at Emma’s new coat and caused it to flap around her legs. “You’re more unsteady on your feet than me,” Rohan jibed.
“It’s this horrid wind.” Emma stopped and fixed the bottom button closed. The icy gale bit at her cheeks until they shone with a pink glow. “I hope it’s gone by Christmas Day.”
Rohan’s blue eyes glittered like diamonds in the cold, a tear collecting in objection to the freezing onslaught. They turned through the open gate and joined the queue of parents lining up by the front door. Those who had seen him in the school playground over the preceding weeks widened their eyes at the sight of the crutches and his missing leg. A group of women turned aside to whisper. One shook her head and shrugged her shoulders, unable to explain the sudden disability. Rohan ground his teeth and kept his gaze fixed on the grassy bank behind which the tiny River Jordan bubbled.
A delicate snowflake landed in Emma’s curls and then another. It glittered next to her eye, and she brushed it away. The brother of one of Nicky’s classmates pointed at Rohan. Tiny lips pursed, and he used his other mittened hand to pat his mother’s leg.
“Why’s that man got one leg?”
“Shush, I don’t know,” came the whispered answer. His mother snagged the boy’s other hand to stop him pointing.
Emma’s body tensed. Her maternalism stretched to include Rohan, and she edged to stand in front of him, blocking his leg from view.
“It’s okay.” He whispered the words for her hearing only and his lips flattened as she turned to face him.
Desperate to distract him, she leaned closer. “I hope he doesn’t forget his line.”
Rohan snuffed and pressed a kiss to her forehead. “He has nine words to say, vozlyublennaya. His street address is longer, and he remembers that.”
Emma nodded, reassured by Rohan’s confidence. Another family group joined the queue behind them. A grandfather engaged in a heated political debate with the father of a Year 6 girl and Emma relaxed. They showed no interest in Rohan’s crutches. The girl’s mother tightened her lips and rolled her eyes at the older woman accompanying them. Emma blew out a white cloud of breath and faced the front as the queue moved.
She gasped. “Why is she here?” She turned to Rohan with a hiss. Her gloved finger directed a jab at a table positioned just inside the front door. Felicity wore her fluffy coat against the chill as she sat on a child’s chair and accepted the flimsy printed tickets and ticked off names from a list.
Rohan groaned. “Because the authorities move too slow and exterminating her wasn’t an option.” He spoke through the side of his mouth and the stormy flash of his irises revealed his frustration.
“It hasn’t bothered you before,” Emma hissed back. Rohan’s lips curved upwards, and he turned away to hide his grin.
Emma widened her eyes and leaned sideways. “I would have given you a hall pass on this occasion. There are two rivers in this town you could have dumped her in!”
Rohan gave a snort of mirth and pursed his lips. His stubble scratched Emma’s cheek as he leaned close to whisper in her ear. “Never crap on your own doorstep.”
The queue shifted forward at speed as a teacher took a seat next to Felicity. He shifted through the process, making far less of a meal of the simple task. Felicity frowned as her air of superiority suffered a dent. Her scrutiny of the tickets and raised eyebrow caused enough concern in the parents for them to filter into a large queue in line with the teacher. It left Emma visible, unable to dodge sideways and not expose Rohan.
“Oh. You!” Felicity gave a slow blink which contained haughtiness. She jabbed out her hand to receive Emma’s ticket. It fluttered into her palm as Emma avoided physical contact. Rohan’s ticket shivered through the air after it.
“I have two at the front.” Her jaw flexed, but she enjoyed the moment Felicity glanced up and behind her at Rohan. Emma pursed her lips against the victorious grin struggling to stay hidden. Felicity’s acerbic glare hardened as she switched Emma’s tickets for two from the pile next to her.
“These are for the back row.” She peered at them before using an ink stamp with enough force to rock the table.
Emma frowned. “We have seats on the front row. Mrs Clarke issued them herself.”
“Back row or nothing!” Felicity snapped.
The teacher leaned sideways to peer at Emma from beneath the sleeve of the woman next to her. His brow furrowed at the sight of Rohan’s crutches. “I’ll look,” he said and held out his hand.
Felicity turned sideways to block his reach and dropped the tickets onto the table. “Nope, definitely the back row,” she replied in a sing-song voice.
Emma snatched them and turned away, her mind whirling through a list of painful ways Felicity could die. But her movement exposed Rohan’s lower body.
“What happened?” Felicity’s voice rose to a screech amidst the dull hum of chattering adults. She pointed at Emma. “What did you do to him?” She rose and her gaze raked his bulk, shifting from the crutches until her eyes widened at the sight of his pinned trouser leg. A manicured hand covered her painted lips.
Emma stiffened, drawing herself up to her full height. Rohan hadn’t wanted to be a public spectacle, but as every face turned towards him, Felicity ensured that’s what he became.
“Don’t!” he growled. He used his elbow to nudge Emma’s spine. His crutches clicked against the metal door surround as he struggled across the threshold and set off up the corridor alone.
Emma’s brown eyes flashed as black as coals “She menaced my son!” she hissed at him through gritted teeth.
“Our son,” he replied without looking behind him.
Felicity dropped her ink stamp and struggled around the table, knocking the whole thing sideways and sending a stack of spare tickets drifting to the floor. She hauled on the sleeve of Emma’s coat and yanked her out of the way, body blocking her to get to Rohan. A gasp ricocheted through the parents as Emma clattered against the window. “I need to know what happened.” Her shrill voice covered the sound of the school orchestra cranking out a practice run with various squeaky recorders, a beginner violinist and a bongo drummer. “This silliness needs to stop!” She pointed back at Emma. “Get rid of that whore!”
Emma’s sensed the rush of air as the crowd inhaled as one. Rohan turned to face Felicity, his movements slow and his spine rigid. The atmosphere hummed and the glitter of his eyes betrayed the furious calculations running through his brain. He stared down at her with unfathomable darkness in his expression as he jerked his head towards his missing shin. “I lost my leg six years ago in Afghanistan where I served with the British army,” he growled.
Felicity gulped and an outbreak of interested whispers surrounded Emma.
“I came to watch my son play a wise man, if that’s okay with everyone?” Suppressed temper accentuated his Russian accent as he glanced around the crowd.
They assented as one voice, nodding around at one another. The grandfather behind Emma raised his fist and called, “Bless you for your sacrifice, son.”
“Bloody right,” another male voice shouted. “You’re a hero.”
Rohan lifted his chin and Emma glimpsed the officer whom men had followed to their death. He ignored Felicity as he turned and continued along the corridor. Felicity returned to her post behind the ticket table, her cheeks flushed and her lips pressed shut. Emma frowned and wondered what juvenile backlash might befall them before the police caught up with her.
Oblivious, Mr Dalton beamed from outside the main hall. He held out his hand for Emma’s tickets. “I’m so excited about you starting here with us after Christmas,” he gushed. His Welsh accent added a lyrical bounce to his words. “I don’t seem to have your signed contract yet. It was posted weeks ago.” His pleasant face drew into a frown, but the expression didn’t last long. He glanced down at the seats listed on the tickets and shook his head, a smile drawing his lips wide. “These aren’t your tickets!” he exclaimed. “Staff sit in the front row.” He flapped his hand at a thin girl standing next to him. “Nicky’s parents can sit on the end of the front row, please, Angela.”
The child skipped ahead, her white skirt drifting round her legs in an elegant swish of sumptuous net curtain. Emma pursed her lips against her rising smile. Nicky had told Mrs Clarke about his new father, and the staff room gossip had obviously missed Felicity’s ears. She just wished he hadn’t also informed his class that Rohan lost his leg in a dessert, instead of the desert.
Emma thanked the headteacher and followed Angela, watching her yellow ponytail swing from side to side as the girl bounced along the centre aisle towards the stage. Rohan’s crutches squeaked behind them and Emma waited, noticing the headteacher lay his hand over her husband’s. “I dealt with that other little business.” Mr Dalton leaned towards Rohan to whisper. “She isn’t returning next term.” He rolled his ‘r’s,’ creating a sound like a purr in his throat. His eye line reached the centre of Rohan’s chest, but his charisma rose far above his stature. He released Rohan’s hand with a nod and turned to greet the next group of parents.
“I like Nicky.” Angela waited in the aisle for Emma to catch up to her. She spoke the words like a challenge.
“That’s nice.” Emma shot her a smile, gratified by proof of her child’s acceptance. She held the back of a miniature chair for Rohan to lower himself onto and watched him look around for somewhere to leave his crutches.
“Yeah, I like him a lot.” Angela’s blue eyes widened in meaning. Her nails raked against her skin as she scratched at an itchy looking lace collar surrounding the neck of her angel costume. “I’m really a sheep.” She frowned at Rohan’s pinned trouser leg before turning her liquid blue eyes back on her potential mother-in-law. “Mrs Clarke made me a sheep, but I cried and sent my mum in to see her. I must be an angel. Angels get to sit with the wise men.” She scratched at her neck, extending the radius of her reach to include her chest and stomach. “Do wise men ever marry angels?” She narrowed her eyes at Rohan.
Emma pursed her lips and watched Rohan flounder beneath the child’s questioning. She enjoyed the irony of knowing he could drop a man at five paces but couldn’t think of a reply for a precocious six-year-old. He stared at Emma for a beat before sliding his arm around her shoulders. “It’s possible.” He gave Angela a smile etched with sincerity. “I did.”
“Yes!” Angela punched the air with her fist before employing her nails on the skinny thighs beneath her costume.
“Where’s my angel?” Mr Dalton lifted his voice in the darkened hall. “I’ve lost my angel!”
“See ya.” Angela skipped back up the aisle with a wave.
“You’re such an idiot!” Emma dug her elbow into Rohan’s ribs. “I’m no angel.”
He grunted with the impact of her jab and leaned sideways to kiss her temple. “That’s okay. I’m not a wise man.”
“I heard what Mr Dalton said at the door.” She lowered her voice in a conspiratorial whisper. “Thank you for sorting it out with him. What did you do?”
Rohan’s nose wrinkled, and he stared at the wiggling curtain blocking the stage. It billowed outwards, and a face appeared through the slit. Kaylee inspected the gathering audience for her parents before disappearing. “I take the blame for the Felicity fiasco.” He sighed. “I promised I would deal with it and I did. It doesn’t matter how.”
“I hope you’re ready for this!” Allaine settled herself in the seat behind them and prevented Emma’s curiosity from probing Rohan. Her long legs wound beneath Emma’s chair. “I suppose they don’t have anywhere to keep adult seats the rest of the year.” She squirmed to get comfortable. “It’s one hour of my life I suppose.”
Emma turned her head to greet Allaine. “Does Kaylee know her words?”
“Yes.” Will leaned forward and offered his hand to Rohan. “She’s word perfect.”
Allaine rolled her eyes and snorted. “Well, I don’t trust those three!” A sage tone entered her voice and Emma waggled her eyebrows.
“I know what you mean,” she whispered. “I’ve had the distinct feeling they’re up to something.”
The darkness seemed oppressive as silence descended, marred only by the odd shuffle of feet or the loud, whispered question from a bored pre-schooler.
Light burst from an overhead spotlight, blinding the audience as the orchestra added screeching recorders to the feast. Rohan jumped and his eyes shone with a mix of bafflement and hilarity as the disasters unfolded thick and fast. For his inaugural nativity, it proved a doozy.
The first narrator proved word perfect, the second passable but cute and the third, catatonic. A crisis began with the loud fart which issued like a thunder clap from the collected menagerie seated beneath a spotlight to the right of the stage. The animals divided into two shuffling camps around the offender, leaving a wide area of stage for the boy dressed as a chicken to sit in alone. Unperturbed, he gave an exaggerated sigh and stretched out his legs. Assorted cows and a lone gorilla remained crushed either side of him, trying to stop a lamb falling off the stage.
The narrator spluttered for three minutes without speaking before Mrs Clarke’s level voice cut through the confusion. “Caesar Augustus ordered a census.” She rapped it out like an order and the child sniggered his way to the side of the stage and disappeared behind the curtain.
The light remained trained on centre stage as Mary and Joseph rode a tricycle dressed as a donkey around in circles. The cardboard donkey head drooped at a dangerous angle and Rohan glanced sideways at Emma with an eyebrow raised in question.
“What?” She mouthed the word and spread her arms.
“It’s a comedy? Da?”
Emma caught the sound of Allaine choking behind her. She daren’t look around for fear of catching the giggles rocking her friend’s body. She shook her head at Rohan.
“No. It’s serious stuff.”
The donkey’s head fell off before it reached the stable and Mary gave birth to Baby Jesus with an inhuman labour. Groaning and speed proved a factor as she whipped him out from beneath her skirts.
“Half her luck!” muttered a woman from the centre of the room and Emma heard Allaine’s muffled squeak of pain as she struggled to control herself. The blinding flash of a camera broke the rules as an overenthusiastic parent snapped themselves a photograph of a tricycle pile-up and a stunned Mary dropping the King of Kings.
When the chicken farted again, it produced a collective groan from the other animals. The gorilla flapped its gloved hands in front of its mask. Mrs Clarke dispatched her unlucky classroom assistant to ensure the chicken laid the egg in the appropriate bathroom and the show continued like a squeaky wheel.
Emma tensed as Nicky, Mo and Kaylee arrived on stage with a fanfare. Allaine hissed behind her as though readying herself for impending doom. The two wise men and one wise woman strode around the stage like something from the Wild West, Mo clutching his trousers to stop them falling around his ankles. “Me belt broke!” He stood on the edge of the stage and peered into the darkened audience. Emma glanced back at Mel and saw her slide lower in her chair.
“Just pull ‘em up!” Kaylee hoisted his pants from behind and he gave a squeak of pain. She kept hold of the excess fabric as she delivered her line with just the right speed and intonation. Will gave an appreciative clap before Allaine grabbed his hands to stop him.
“Oh,” he grumbled. “Not yet?”
Nicky whipped out a telescope made from toilet roll holders and held it up to his left eye. He spun on the spot to maximise his moment of glory. Lucya’s nightdress bunched around his legs and he wavered for a moment before regaining his balance. The telescope focussed on the overhead spotlight. “Bloody blinded meself!” he said to Mo.
“Oh yeah, it’s bright, is that!” Mo rolled his eyes at the ferocity of Kaylee’s grip on his pants. He squirmed with discomfort. “She’s giving me a weggie.”
Nicky drew himself up to his full height, his bare toes peeking from beneath the nightdress. His chest rose as he inhaled a giant breath. “Der is a star, vot shine in de east!” A heavy Russian accent gave his speech a staccato beat.
Allaine snorted, the sound muffled as she covered her mouth. Deep breaths sounded from behind Emma. Rohan cocked his head and his brow furrowed. “Do I sound like that?” he whispered.
Emma pursed her lips and nodded. A parent leaned forward to peer along the line of seats to see who’d spoken. Emma slid lower in her chair and shielded her eyes. She’d heard enough of the script to know the farce wasn’t over yet.
“Ay up!” Mo set his hands on his hips. “Will us find it then? Is it over Manchester?” He shuffled forward and Kaylee followed, still gripping his pants in white-knuckled fingers. Her feet had edged over the hem of her nightdress, spelling disaster if she picked up speed in a forward direction.
“Not Manchester!” A scathing tone entered her voice. “Bethlehem.”
“Oh, yeah.” Mo nudged Nicky with his elbow. “We need to get off now.”
Nicky poked his eye against the end of his wobbly telescope and cast around the audience. The overhead spotlight gave him a yellow glow. Mrs Clarke cleared her throat and readied herself to offer a stage direction, but the audience waited as Nicky searched for something. Or someone. “Look, that’s my dad,” he announced, lifting his finger to point at Rohan. “He’s a war hero.”
A muted, impromptu round of applause rang out and Rohan sank down in his seat, cringing at the attention. Nicky waved his telescope, and the end detached and flew across the stage. It landed amongst the gathered angels. Angela dived for it and a tug of war ensued. “I want it!” she growled, tipping backwards as it came apart in another two places. The overhead spotlight lit the divine scrap like the eye of God.
“They followed the star.” Mrs Clarke’s voice acquired a wavering lilt. She was self-medicating at the side of the stage or she’d lost the will to live. Her arm appeared above the orchestra and her bent fingers performed a shooing motion. Nicky trooped left and Kaylee followed, releasing her grip on Mo’s trousers as she trudged off stage. Mo had refused Lucya’s nightdress in favour of a shirt of Mel’s and the oversized pants. Emma imagined him regretting that decision as the waistband hit the floor with a muffled thud. His spindly brown legs hung from beneath the shirt like a spider’s and he bent to gather up the fallen fabric. Overreaching, he tipped sideways and disappeared. The audience released a collective gasp and sat up straighter, rewarded by Mo’s muffled, “I’m okay!” He rose from in front of the orchestra and waved his pants in the air. “I took ‘em off.”
Emma tilted her head sideways to look at Mel. She’d hidden her face behind the lapels of her coat, dealing with her mortification in private. After twenty more minutes of fumbled lines, a disagreement over where the gorilla should stand, and a puddle accident on the stage, the nativity concluded with a final bow.
Emma used Rohan’s phone to snap photos of the three wise men. Mo had swapped the troublesome trousers for his PE shorts.
“Did you like my acting?” Nicky bounced up and down in front of her and Emma nodded.
“A stellar performance.” She dipped to kiss his nose and handed him Rohan’s phone. “Stay with Rohan for a minute. I need to use the bathroom.”
Rohan’s brow furrowed as he noticed her leaving. He leaned on his crutches, listening to a one-sided conversation between Will and Allaine.
Emma found an adult bathroom half way along the main corridor. A sign on the door showed it was for staff and she flattened her lips and ignored it. “Apparently I’m staff, anyway,” she mused to herself as she locked the cubicle door. Mr Dalton’s confirmation gave her a flicker of hope. Felicity had attempted to block her employment. She flushed the toilet and rushed to use the sink, aware of the atmosphere changing as someone else entered the narrow space. The door closed with a click.
“You ruined everything.” Felicity stood with her back to the door, her slender jaw so tight it showed through her cheek. Her irises glittered with tears of fury. “Alanya said you would.”
Emma reached for a paper towel to hide the shaking of her hands. She stared at her reflection in the mirror. “I’m surprised you took the word of a woman accused of murder.” Glancing sideways told her Felicity had blocked the exit. She refused to cower in front of the other woman and lifted her hand to straighten her fringe.
“Alanya is innocent!” Felicity spat.
Emma released a snuffle which sounded inflammatory even to her own ears. “You keep telling yourself that.”
Felicity took a step towards her, fists balled at her sides. “I’m in love with Rohan. You can’t take him from me.”
“Oh, come on!” Emma snarled. “You didn’t even know about his leg! Doesn’t that tell you something? I’m his wife, Felicity. I’m sorry for how this has turned out, but threatening my son was unforgiveable.”
“He’s a brat!” Felicity answered, her voice laden with venom. Temper prickled from the back of Emma’s neck and she held herself in check. Her pregnancy made her too vulnerable to do what she wanted. Strangling Felicity would achieve nothing useful. Apart from making herself feel better.
“My investigator agreed with Alanya.” Felicity rested her hands on her hips and threw her left leg forward. “He followed Rohan to a dump in Lincolnshire.” She flapped her left hand. “Some fat bloke stopped him going any further. His report showed you were a woman of ill repute.” She raised her eyebrows and dipped her chin for emphasis.
Emma’s mouth hung open. “You hired that private investigator?” Incredulity entered her tone. “How can you claim to love Rohan when you don’t even trust him? What is wrong with you?” She shook her head and backed towards the sink. “I bet he charged you a fortune to drive up and down the country, but he didn’t tell you the first thing about him.” Emma’s shoulders slumped. “Oh, Felicity. Rohan thought you worked for Christopher Dolan.”
Felicity blinked. “The Irish guy.” She hung her head and stared at her shoes, shifting her feet to alter her view. “He came onto me. But he only wanted to talk about Rohan.” She dug her teeth into her lower lip and dejection shrouded her.
Emma felt the first flicker of sympathy. She softened her tone. “I’m sorry you got caught in their crossfire. You’re better off without either of them.”
Felicity’s eyes flashed. “That’s easy for you to say.” Her palms slapped her thighs. At the same moment, her spine straightened. “You’ve got what you wanted. Alanya said you’d do that.”
Emma groaned. She tipped her head back to stare at the ceiling. A brown stain bore testimony to an old leak near the light fitting. “Alanya.” She whispered her step mother’s name. “She poisons because she is poison.”
“You don’t get to say that!” Felicity snarled. “She’s innocent!”
Emma tried to dodge the raised hand arcing towards her face. She lost her footing as her ankle rolled and her forehead took the brunt of the slap. Felicity put her grievance into the action. The blow contained her broken hopes and dreams. Emma fell backwards and her head hit the mirror above the sink. Sharp debris rained over her shoulders and the tinkling of mirrored glass filled her ears.
The painful imprint of Felicity’s costume jewellery drew blood and Emma covered her head with her wrists as the other woman drew her arm back for a more effective hit. The sink took her weight until it didn’t, vanishing from beneath her as she leaned away from Felicity’s descending fist. Her head hit the tiled wall and bright lights flickered in her vision. 

Chapter 56
“Was I a good wise man, Mummy? You didn’t fall over because I was rubbish?”
Emma forced a smile onto her lips and leaned back against the hospital pillow. “No, baby. You were wonderful. I think I got a bit overexcited.” She ruffled Nicky’s blond hair and tried to keep her head still. Stitches held the cut together on her scalp and her pregnancy denied her the luxury of pain relief. Nicky rose on the balls of his feet.
“Why did Kaylee’s daddy put the nasty lady in a police car?” Nicky glanced at his wide-eyed friend, who nodded in confirmation. “Is it because she hurt you? Did she make you fall?” Nicky’s words came in quick gasps as panic tightened his chest. “She promised she’d hurt you if I didn’t tell her things. Is it my fault?” Hysteria hiked his voice and Emma caught his flailing wrist and pulled him against her side.
“None of this is your fault, Nick. Forget about it now. You can watch TV in the day room with Kaylee, but don’t talk to strangers. Okay?”
Nicky quieted and Allaine stepped forward to take his hand. “Come on, I’ll get you settled.” She reiterated Emma’s warning before leading the children next door. Emma turned her head on the pillow to take the pressure off the sore, listening to the gentle murmurings and the TV blaring the theme tune from a children’s cartoon.
Allaine returned and took a seat on a plastic visitor’s chair. “Felicity threatened you?”
“Yeah.” Emma closed her eyes. “We realised too late she was getting to Nicky at school. It’s complicated but Rohan said he’d sorted it. He didn’t know Mr Dalton would let her work until the end of the school year.” She pushed herself higher in the bed. “Why would he do that after everything she’s done?” Emma thumped the sheets in frustration and shook her head, wincing when it hurt.
Allaine gave a half-hearted shrug. “I don’t know. He’s too nice. I followed you to the corridor, but Kaylee wanted me to look at her painting. I got there as you hit the floor. There was so much blood.” Her shoulders rocked in a shudder.
Emma twisted her lips. “I thought lab technicians dealt with bodily fluids.”
Allaine rolled her eyes. “We don’t collect it from the scene. Or from people we love.” She rubbed a hand across her eyes.
“I’m fine.” Emma reached out a shaky hand and Allaine took it, holding it between both of hers.
“How do you feel?” She indicated Emma’s stomach with a nod of her head.
Emma shrugged. “I feel okay apart from my head. They’re taking me for a scan as soon as Rohan gets back from speaking to Will.” Her face creased in anxiety. “Thank you for driving Nicky here.”
“He’d rather have gone in the ambulance with you.” Allaine stroked Emma’s fingers. “He calmed down on the way here. Are you sure he doesn’t know about the Actuary?” Childish giggles came from next door. Kaylee sang the theme tune to a cartoon with a clear voice. Emma closed her eyes and listened to the familiar words.
“No.” She moved her head on the pillow. “Why?”
Allaine shrugged. “He said this weird thing about Rohan using a commando force to break you out of the hospital.”
Rohan swung into the room with purpose, his crutches squeaking against the linoleum floor. Will followed him in after telling an eager, uniformed police constable to wait outside the door. Allaine rose and met Will, placing her hands against his chest. “Felicity threatened Nicky. That makes it different now, doesn’t it? She told him she’d hurt Emma if he didn’t do what she wanted. It’s the reason he got so upset in McDonald’s that lunchtime after church. Do you remember? Nicky wanted to leave as soon as she arrived.”
Will nodded. “Yeah. I do.” He looked at Emma and his wince held an apology. “I thought you’d muscled in on her boyfriend. I’m sorry for thinking you were in the wrong.”
Emma’s gaze tracked to Allaine. She’d suspected her of telling Will about the Actuary, but she hadn’t. She sighed. “I kinda did muscle in on her boyfriend.”
“No, you didn’t.” Rohan eased himself onto the bed near Emma’s elbow. Exasperation hissed through his tone. He slipped an arm around her shoulder and pressed his lips against her temple. His crutch slipped to the floor with a clatter and he closed his eyes and tensed.
“Oh no!” Emma clapped a hand over her mouth. “We’re picking up your prosthesis at four o’clock.” She turned her wrist over and blinked. “Then they close until after Christmas.”
“I’m not missing the scan.” His biceps tensed against her neck.
“But what about your leg?” Emma pushed the sheet away from her legs and Rohan shook his head. He pulled the fabric from her fingers.
“It doesn’t matter, Em. Believe me, it just doesn’t anymore.” He lowered his chin and forced a smile onto his lips. “Lie back and rest until the orderly comes for you.”
Will cleared his throat. “My colleagues need to ask Nicky some questions. Just preliminary ones. This woman will get out on bail after a simple assault unless we give the detectives more reason to hold her. What do you want to do? We can chat to him next door or make it more formal.”
Emma swallowed. “Please can you bring him here to me?”.
Nicky’s feet pattered against the linoleum and he gave Emma a tight-lipped smile. Will followed him back into the room. “What, Mum?” He clambered onto the bed and hid half his face against her shoulder. “Why is everyone lookin’ at me?” he whispered.
“They’re not.” Emma stroked his fringe back from his forehead. “They’re looking at me. But Will and his friend need to ask you some questions about the lady at school. Can you tell him the truth?”
Nicky sucked in his lower lip and cupped his hand to cover his whispered reply in her ear. “But he’s a police officer!” He said the word as though it tasted foul. Confusion morphed the colour of his irises from sea blue to a stormy grey. “Our kind never talks to police.”
Emma exhaled. She picked her words with care. “Nicky, our kind is decent people. Okay? And we do talk to police. We just haven’t needed to before now.”
“But Fat Brian says they take you in a cell and break your arms!” He looked at Will in the doorway, trying to reconcile Kaylee’s father with his warped, second hand image of the police force. Emma sent mental curses to Fat Brian and Big Jason.
“They don’t, Nicky. And this is important. Please can you tell Will what Felicity said to you? She attacked me and he wants to keep her in jail for longer than just tonight.”
“Mrs Andreyev?” A nurse appeared in the doorway, an orderly right behind her. “We’re ready for your scan.”
Emma’s heart sank, and she shot an agonised look at Rohan. She needed the scan but couldn’t abandon Nicky.
“Where you goin’, Mum?” Nicky’s eyes widened. He clamped his fingers over her hand. “Can I come? Why can’t I come?”
Emma blew out a breath. She couldn’t bear to let him see the scan image in case Felicity’s venom had ended her pregnancy. Her words gushed free. “Nicky, I have a baby in my tummy and the nurse needs to make sure the lady didn’t hurt it. I’ll come right back before you speak to Will. Just wait for me.” Her voice broke as fear trampled across her heart. Rohan took her other hand in his. She leaned forward and whispered in Nicky’s ear. “Please can you have a chat to God for me? I think I need his help.”
“We’ve got this, syn.” Rohan smiled at Nicky, divided loyalties creating a mask of agony. “We’ll be back before you’ve worked out this maths question. If a hen and a half lay an egg and a half in a day and a half, how many eggs will half a dozen hens lay in half a dozen days?”
“What?” Will’s head jerked back, and he stared at Rohan. “How many chickens lay how many eggs?”
“We’ll be fine.” Allaine rose and took Nicky’s hand. But his eyes had already glazed over in thought. She couldn’t tell if he was praying or counting eggs.

Chapter 57
“It’s so beautiful here.” Allaine stretched her legs across the window seat, watching Nicky and Kaylee run around the front lawn. Farrell ran ahead with their ball in his mouth. Snowflakes fluttered around them like confetti. “How are you feeling?” She reached for the mug of tea Emma had laid between them.
“I’m good, thanks.” Emma frowned as Nicky hurled himself into a snow drift and disappeared.
“That whole nativity exhausted me. I’m so glad the baby is okay. Will said Felicity can’t come within a hundred metres of you, Rohan or Nicky. Otherwise they’ll lock her up until after her court case.”
Emma wrinkled her nose. “I still don’t trust her. That’s why we moved out here on Christmas Eve.” She glanced around the empty lounge and her gaze softened at the memory of their simple Christmas, snuggling down in sleeping bags in front of the fire.
“She’s done it before, apparently.” Allaine lowered her voice. “But please don’t tell Will you heard it from me. She gave Mr Dalton a terrible time at the start of last year. He threatened to fire her when he caught her following his wife around the supermarket. She told him some sob story and he let her stay but maybe that’s when she switched her affection to Rohan. Will said she admitted to noticing him in town and followed him home. She rented a house right on the junction of Newcombe and Granville Street. It gave her a direct line of sight to Rohan’s front door.”
“Ohhh.” Emma dragged out the sound. “That makes so much sense now. She always turned up at the worst moment.”
Allaine nodded. “That’s how. Rohan gave the detectives more information. She moved to Market Harborough from Nottingham after the court bailed her for stalking a local councillor. His wife arrived home to find Felicity sitting in their kitchen.”
“That can’t be right.” Emma rubbed a hand across her face. “Mr Dalton dropped off a heap of paperwork which I need to fill in before I can start work at the school. It includes police checks.”
Allaine laid a hand on Emma’s knee. “Please don’t tell anyone. Will would kill me. But she stole someone else’s identity. The secretary at a local school in Nottingham died and Felicity appropriated her name, work experience and qualifications. Apparently, it’s not that hard to do online.”
Emma sighed. “Why could Rohan not have checked her out at the start? He would have saved us a lot of agony.”
Allaine flattened her lips and kindness put a sparkle in her azure irises. “You’re too hard on him. Have you considered he might have been lonely?”
Emma stared through the window, her gaze unseeing. “No, I hadn’t thought of that. I suspected he got too deep into his game with Dolan and Felicity became collateral damage.” She shimmied her left shoulder. “Look at where he is right now. He’s visiting his mother who’s on remand for murdering vulnerable old men. Rohan knows she’s guilty, but he’s still travelling to Leicester on Boxing Day to see her. It’s possible she killed his sister and Rohan’s father and mine. Sometimes, I believe he doesn’t want to see the truth.” She dragged her index finger down the rectangular pane of blown glass, leaving a streak in the condensation. “He’s like this massive hunk of prime Russian killing machine, but he’s a complete mystery to me. It makes me afraid.” She sighed and stretched out her legs.
“All men have their weaknesses.” Allaine’s tone held a sageness. She watched the children making an igloo in the snow drifts beyond the driveway. “Those kids are gonna freeze.”
Emma studied her friend’s face, searching for the hidden sadness behind her relationship advice. Allaine turned back to her and her smile appeared false. “I’ve been married to Will for years, but I sometimes wonder if I know him at all.” Emma held her breath and waited for Allaine to continue. When she didn’t, it left her with the dilemma of whether to probe further or wait. Allaine removed the option by changing the subject. “Do you think Rohan will still work as the Actuary?”
Emma shrugged. “I don’t know. Having seen him in action, I doubt he could stop even if I wanted him to. That night at the mansion in Falkirk, he was more alive than I’d ever seen him. The Actuary defines him.” The sun peeked from behind the grey clouds and Emma raised her hand to cover her eyes. “It was kind of Will to rush him to the prosthetics clinic to pick up his leg.” She twisted her lips. “Nicky enjoyed the blue lights and the sirens.”
“I think Will did too.” Allaine smiled. Then her expression lost its humour. “If you don’t like the Actuary side of Rohan’s nature, how can you reconcile the two halves within your marriage?” Her body dipped forward as though to catch every word of Emma’s answer.
“I can’t.” Her shoulders slumped. “I didn’t like Captain Andreyev as much as I loved Rohan and it’s what divided us.” Depression settled over her, bringing her genuine fears to the surface and ruining her enjoyment of the relaxing afternoon. Emma forced herself to smile at her friend, fixing a false calm over herself to stop her betraying deeper secrets.
“He might surprise you,” Allaine whispered, leaning forward and gripping Emma’s icy hand in hers.
“Yeah. And he might not.” Emma spread the fingers of her other hand across her belly, seeking a connection with the child in her womb. Her gaze flicked to Nicky as he rolled around in the snow. “I’m most afraid of ending up alone again, right back where I started.” Her admission hung in the air.
The women sat in the silence of the ancient house, listening to the boards settling and the old structure giving an occasional involuntary creak. The joyful squeals from the children cast them back to a time when the house was a home. It had once hummed with the lives of its family as they made enemies, made love and rolled around in the winter snow. Nicky heaved his body weight against a round white ball of snow, forcing it uphill with exertion. Kaylee’s tiny form lent her help, making little difference to the ball’s motion.
Then Nicky squealed and released the ball. Emma hissed as Kaylee moved aside just in time. She dived out of the way as the compacted snow plunged back down the slope to rest in its original spot. Picking herself up, she dusted the white flakes from her arms before following Nicky and the dog across the lawn.
Rohan leaned against the driver’s door of the Mercedes, his blond hair blending with the snow. He watched the children’s ungainly run through the snow with his hands jammed into his trouser pockets. Emma frowned as Nicky bent to the ground before continuing his run. Then he let his icy ball fly from his open hand. Rohan dodged sideways, his reflexes unmarred by the disability hidden beneath the expensive black shoe. The snowball hit the driver’s window of the Mercedes and Emma winced.
Allaine turned to follow her gaze as Kaylee let fly a sad little ball which unravelled before it reached Rohan’s chest. He caught its remnants in mid-air and Kaylee threw up her mittened hands.
“Run!” Nicky’s screams reached the house, their strains heightened by excitement and dread. He grabbed Kaylee’s hand and hauled her back across the lawn, the barking dog running circles around them. Rohan took his time, forming the snowball from the drift at the edge of the driveway. His aim appeared perfect as his missile arced through the air and smashed to the right of Nicky’s shoulder.
“He almost got him.” Allaine wiped the fog from her breath with her sleeve. “It was a great shot.”
Emma smiled and watched her husband bend for another clump of snow. “It was a perfect shot,” she mused. “He aimed to miss.” Her memory flicked back to the bare room in the derelict manor. She wondered then why he’d failed to disarm the second man, falling foul of the bullet he’d fired. Rohan Andreyev didn’t make mistakes. Not for the first time, Emma mused over the possibility that her husband had a death wish. Like a moth to a flame, he tested his limits in a daily version of Russian roulette. She watched as he pelted Nicky and Kaylee with snowballs which always dipped at the last moment to hit their legs or feet.
The fire crackled in the grate and a log slipped, sending a spray of sparks into the chimney. Anton’s gift fell into place with more certainty against the backdrop of Rohan’s dual life. He hadn’t intended the house and money to give her independence from Rohan, but autonomy with him. She couldn’t survive as the Actuary’s wife any other way.
“You could ask him not to take any more dangerous jobs until after the baby comes.” Allaine smoothed her finger across the window, drawing a stick man and then a stick child. The strange tone in her voice communicated a sense of sadness which Emma couldn’t quite catch hold of.
“I already did.”
“What did he say?” Allaine’s question contained such hope but her expression remained impassive.
Emma shrugged. “He promised he’d do other sorts of actuarial work. Less dangerous risk assessments are apparently an actual thing.”
Allaine’s lips flattened into a line. “Do you believe him?”
Emma gave a sharp inhale and straightened her spine against the wooden shutter. She lifted her arms in a stretch. “Do I believe there are less dangerous jobs? Yes.”
“Do you believe Rohan will avoid the riskier ones?”
Nicky sprinted towards the house with Kaylee in tow. He wore his woollen hat askew and his cheeks glowed bright against the cold. “Incoming,” Emma breathed. She fixed her gaze on Allaine’s face and gave a watery smile. The bang of the front door created the percussion for her answer. “No. I don’t believe him,” she replied.





Grab the next book in the series HERE and hold on to your seat. The Actuary’s Wife is in danger and this time, it’s really going to cost her.

If you really can’t wait, take a sneak peek...

The Actuary’s Wife
Chapter 1
Emma Andreyev examined at the phone in her hand, rubbing her thumb across the screen and watching the words move. Her heart beat in a familiar tattoo, induced by fear and sustained by experience.
‘Don’t let him leave.’
Emma swallowed and texted back, ‘Who is this?’
The reply came back fast. ‘You know, Emma!’
She stamped her foot in frustration. Her past life on the housing estate in Lincoln brought contact with thugs and criminals. Fat Brian’s face floated across her vision accompanied by Big Jason’s toothless smile. Two years of living on the estate and they’d never texted her. They’d hammered on her front door and accosted her in the street, yes; but never texted.
‘Go away!’
Emma stuffed the phone into her pocket and gnawed on her bottom lip. The mysterious texts began the day her husband returned from a business trip to London.
“It’s just a simple job, vozlyublennaya.” Rohan sounded confident as he ran his large hand across Emma’s soft stomach, fascinated by her budding pregnancy. “It’s a retrieval but no complications.” His deep Russian voice rumbled against her skin as Rohan kissed his unborn child. “No danger. Obeshchayu. I promise.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard your promises before,” Emma breathed, stroking his wavy blond hair and smoothing it back from his forehead.
“I never lie!” Rohan Andreyev had looked indignant, the scar on his chin puckering as he studied Emma with practiced intensity.
“That’s debatable.” Emma squealed as he tickled the soft skin on her waist and pushed her shirt up, exposing the vulnerable flesh over her ribs.
A week ago the texts began, showing up on Emma’s new private number. The phone vibrated in her pocket again and she bit back a scream of frustration. She unlocked the screen and stared at the glinting message. ‘DON’T let him leave.’
Her eyes caught a movement in her peripheral vision as dread snaked round her heart. Rohan Andreyev moved into full view, wiping the glossy black car with a strip of leather to remove the drips. Over six feet tall and imposing, Emma’s husband buffed the polish on the car, working against the worsening weather and the failing light. He walked around the Mercedes admiring his handiwork, listing to the right as his prosthetic leg coped with the camber of the gravel. He bent to scratch at a piece of flaking paint on the wing with his fingernail.
“Mummy did it!” The small boy bounced into view riding a skateboard. His cheeks were pink from the effort of balancing and he trailed one foot along the gravel. “She can’t drive this car. She swears all the time driving it. You should get her another car, Daddy. One with rubber round it to stop her dinging things.”
Emma cringed and shrank back from the huge bay window, not wanting to acknowledge her failure. The glass muffled their voices and she squeezed the bridge of her nose, trying to put the texts out of her mind. The first threatened her not to tell Rohan, but she toyed with the idea of dumping the whole problem on his broad shoulders.
“Should I, Nikolai?” Rohan smirked and caught his son by the scruff as the skateboard tipped. He let go of the child and rubbed the cloth over the dent, smirking to himself at his wife’s discomfort as he caught sight of her lurking behind the shutters. “A rubber car? You think she would be better in one? Good idea, da.” Rohan’s blond hair ruffled in the sharp Arctic breeze and his blue eyes glittered like diamonds with amusement. He pivoted and looked straight at the window, narrowing his eyes at the beautiful woman hiding behind the glass. “Zagadka?” he shouted, splaying his arms dramatically and despite herself, Emma laughed.
“I don’t know,” she mouthed, unable to answer the Russian word for puzzle. “I don’t know why I can’t drive it. It’s just too big!”
Rohan stuck his bottom lip out and pretended to wipe his eyes with a shaking hand and Emma watched his neat bum as he bent to pour the dirty water onto the front lawn. The bubbles tumbled happily into the acre of grass and disappeared. Emma glanced at her phone again and sighed.
“Help me do tricks, Dad?” the child implored and Rohan nodded.
“Later, Nikolai. I can teach you the physics but not show you, da?” He tapped the complicated piece of machinery making up his lower right leg and Nicky nodded.
“Yeah, that’s cool. In a while then.”
Emma sat in the window seat of her sitting room which dated back to the Norman Conquest, listening to the sound of her husband clattering around in the cavernous reception hall. He banged the front door shut against the elements and hurried along the corridor. Emma snuggled into the cushions and desperately tried to master her emotions. “Hey, vozlyublennaya,” Rohan whispered, closing the sitting room door against the draught that followed him inside. “I’ve checked the car and it has fuel for a few days. You’ll be fine until I come home again.” He sat heavily on the seat next to Emma’s feet and cupped them in hands which felt freezing through her woolly socks. He massaged her toes and she moaned and laid her head back against the shutter behind her. “I cleaned it so it’s easier to see the next set of scratches from your driving.” Rohan smiled and then leaned forward, lifting Emma’s chin with his finger. “What’s wrong, Em? I’m not cross.”
“I don’t want you to go.” She gulped, an old memory surfacing and taking her breath away. Rohan looked unnerved but also suspicious.
“I thought you were fine. We talked about the job when I got back from London last week and I explained it. Why didn’t you say something then?”
“I don’t know...I...” Emma exhaled and ran her hand across her stomach.
“Is it the baby?” Rohan looked concerned and reached out to cover her fingers.
Emma shook her head. “No. Sorry. It feels like before when I was pregnant with Nicky. It brings back bad memories.” She gritted her teeth, her jawline becoming a hard outline in her pink cheeks.
Rohan’s mouth opened and hurt flashed in his eyes. “I didn’t know you were pregnant,” he said sullenly. “And I didn’t just leave, Em. I came home to see you before a deployment to Afghanistan. Captains in the British army can’t decide they don’t fancy going anymore and not show up on parade.”
“I know! Forget I mentioned it!” Emma thudded her head against the shutter in anger, causing a clank of protest from the ancient wood. Guilt ran riot in her brain and she struggled with herself. “Tell me about the job,” she asked, forcing herself to sound interested. “When will you be home?”
Rohan wasn’t fooled. His handsome face looked rugged in the failing light and his blue eyes sparkled with curiosity. He obliged his wife but studied her as though she were a new mathematical equation in his world of risk management. “A laptop containing sensitive information was stolen from a vehicle in a secure government compound. It belonged to a senior cabinet minister and the backups went to a server in Whitehall. Someone diverted and encrypted the backups and then stole the laptop, so the government have nothing. There’s a ransom to release the backups which they won’t pay, but they need that laptop.”
“What’s on it?” Emma asked.
Rohan raised an eyebrow and slanted his head. His lips drew back in a sexy smirk. “If I told you that, I’d have to kill you, vozlyublennaya.”
Emma sniffed in indignation. “Whatever, Ro! So, where does the actuary work come in?”
“I’ve analysed the risk of not retrieving the device and it’s catastrophic. There’s enough evidence on it to cause civil unrest. Without the backups or the device, the government will flounder. How can they refute or deny something they can’t see? Whoever diverted the backups was skilled enough to know what they wanted, but the laptop contained other sensitive items which the hackers may not yet realise they have. I’ve given advice on limiting the damage and the spin doctors are ready to act, but the cabinet want the laptop and every copy made of that particular string of incriminating emails. My new tech has traced most of them, but I don’t tell the client that.”
“Why?”
Rohan rolled his eyes. “It’s my job to be the hero, rescue them from their incompetency and then accept my fee. I might even send in my tech to offer cyber security advice; after I cash the cheque, obviously. If I make it sound easy, they won’t appreciate paying me the astronomical retrieval fee I’ve negotiated.”
“You’re unscrupulous,” Emma sighed.
Rohan kissed her delicate foot. “No, Em. I’m a businessman and a good one. It’s not my fault their English nepotism leads them to employ morons.”
“How long will you be?” Emma’s voice sounded flat and Rohan observed her with expert suspicion.
“Emma!”
She jumped and looked guilty. “Don’t stop rubbing my feet.” She put a trace of sulk into her voice, trying to distract him. Rohan’s strong fingers massaged her toes and he ran his thumbs along her sensitive instep.
“What’s going on, Em?”
“Nothing.” She shrieked as Rohan grabbed her ankle and tickled her foot, watching as Emma writhed until she almost spilled onto the floor. “Stop!” she begged, alarmed at finding tears so near the surface. Tickle torture, Anton used to call it, convincing the child-Emma that the Russian police used it all the time. At the thought of Rohan’s late brother, the tears threatened harder and her bottom lip wobbled.
Rohan shifted position so he could sit next to her on the window seat. He wrapped his arm around her shoulder and kissed the side of her head. Emma pressed her face into his shirt and breathed in his familiar scent, running her finger across his strong abdominal muscles. Not satisfied, she tugged his shirt from the smart black trousers and touched her fingers to his flesh. Rohan tensed at the ticklish sensation and Emma smirked at his immediate interest. He inhaled and lifted her face with his finger, smothering her lips with his urgent kisses. He gathered her to him and bruised her lips with his, flicking his tongue into her mouth, his breath coming in gasps of arousal. “When’s Nicky going out?” he whispered and Emma nuzzled into his neck, administering a quick nip to the sensitive skin.
“Soon. He’s watching Leicester City in the cup final. That’s why he’s hanging around outside; he can’t wait. Will’s bringing him home and he’ll text when they get near so you can open the gates.”
Rohan moaned with pleasure and tugged at Emma’s sweatshirt, pulling the hem up so it became stuck under her armpits. She placed her hand against his chest. “Ro! Not yet!”
He snorted. “Em! It’s a manor house surrounded by acres of grounds. Nobody will see.” His fingers went to work on the button of her jeans, struggling with the smooth metal.
“Only your son! And the cop who’s picking him up!”
Rohan groaned and rested his forehead against Emma’s back as she slid past him, making a dash for it as he tried to grab her round the waist. “Nicky’s shouting for you,” Emma snorted as she pulled away. “You promised to help him.”
The sound of the small voice echoed along the hallway, reverberating around the huge reception hall. “Daaaaaad!”
Rohan let go of Emma and stood, his eyes twinkling with unfulfilled lust. “Later then, Mrs Andreyev. I look forward to the udovol’stviye.”
“I’m sorry, I don’t speak Slavic.” Emma bit her lip and tried to dodge out of the way of her randy husband. He brushed his lips across hers and nipped her full bottom lip. His fingers strayed to her shapely bum and he winked.
“It means pleasure,” he whispered.
“Yes, but whose?” Her eyes widened with feigned coyness and she turned away from him.
“Whatever!” he chided. “I’ll have to show you then.” Rohan strode towards the door and into the hall, calling to his son in Russian to be patient. The dog barked from the front step, excited at the promise of Rohan’s presence.
Emma threw another log onto the open fire and felt the smile fade from her face as the phone in her pocket vibrated again.

Don’t wait. You can buy The Actuary’s Wife HERE now.



Please can you help me?

I’m always grateful when people take the trouble to review my work. I pretend I don’t read reviews because I don’t want to admit that the bad ones affect me. I do though. Mostly they’re nice and occasionally they’re blunt. All reviews are great because that’s your opinion of my work and I need that to grow my craft.

A one word review is fine. That’s the great thing about being grown-ups. Nobody’s marking you out of ten. Entertaining one word reviews for this series include, ‘Awesome,’ and, ‘Bleeek!’

I’d love for you to add to those with your own clever creation. It would really help me.

You can find a link to your own retailer HERE.

Send me the link to your review when you’ve done it. I’ve started keeping a notebook of useful quotes from reviewers. They cheer me up on the days when I wonder why I’m bothering, not that it happens often... 

About the Author

K T Bowes worked in education for more than a decade, both in New Zealand and the United Kingdom and has been writing since she could first hold a pencil.

Until recently, she worked part time as an archivist maintaining a private collection. She believes in God, which is just as well because the situations she gets herself into often require divine assistance.

Surprisingly happily married despite her crazy escapades, K T Bowes still hankers after another parachute jump but hasn’t convinced her husband to join in. Her four beautiful children are all now making their own way in the world and finally eating salad and vegetables.

She lives in the North Island of New Zealand between the Hakarimata Ranges and the Waikato River with a mad cat and often a few crazy horses. Horse riding is her passion but unfortunately she keeps falling off and breaking bones, so has gone back to road running instead. She can’t be seen pacing the streets of Ngaruawahia because she runs in the dark, convinced people will laugh.

Often accompanied by one of her characters complaining about something, the author appears to have mental problems as she frequently answers back, which is another good reason for running under cover of darkness.

You can find her hanging out on social media in the following places.
Check in and say hello. Maybe suggest she gets back to writing and stops watching cat videos.

FACEBOOK
https://www.facebook.com/NZauthorKTBowes/

TWITTER
https://twitter.com/ktboweswrites

INSTAGRAM
https://www.instagram.com/k_t_bowes

PINTEREST
https://www.pinterest.nz/hanadurose/

LINKEDIN
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ktbowes/


Other books by this author:
The Hana Du Rose Mysteries in order:

Logan Du Rose

About Hana - FREE

Hana Du Rose

Du Rose Legacy

The New Du Rose Matriarch

One Heartbeat

The Du Rose Prophecy

Du Rose Sons

Du Rose Family Ties

Du Rose Vendetta

The boxed set is available containing the first 4 novels HERE

*******

The Calculated Risk Series:
The Actuary - FREE

The Actuary’s Wife

The Actuary in Trouble

The Heart of The Actuary

*******

Troubled series for teens/young adults in order:
Free from the Tracks -FREE

Sophia’s Dilemma

A Trail of Lies

Gone Phishing

*******
New Zealand Soccer Referee Series:
All Saints

*******

Escaping the Back Country NZ Series:
Pirongia’s Secret

Deleilah

*******

A Keeper’s War Fantasy Trilogy:

Perpetual Winter FREE

The Bee Queen

Hive

*******

UK based mystery/romances:

Artifact

Demons on Her Shoulder

*******

Take a look at all K T Bowes’ novels HERE




Last Chance
Last chance to grab your freebies.
Who doesn’t like that satisfied feeling of a full eReader?
It’s like sitting down to Christmas lunch (without the sprouts.)
And because I’m a sucker for free stuff, I spend more time giving than selling to my subscribers. 
I know it’s not the way it’s meant to be, but they became my friends somewhere along the line and I like them. 

Join us.



Yes, please email my FREE starter library

The Actuary
The Calculated Risk Series

K T Bowes
Published by Hakarimata Press
Copyright 2015

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s hard work.

Disclaimer
This novel is a work of fiction, entirely the product of the author’s imagination. Any similarities to actual persons, living or dead, businesses and events are purely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in whole or in part without the express written permission of the author. This work is the intellectual property of the author writing as K T Bowes.


