
TABLE OF CONTENTS

COPYRIGHT
DEDICATION
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2 
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6 
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
SNEAK PEEK 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
ALSO BY SUZANNA LYNN



The Bed Wife
Book one in the Bed Wife Chronicles

By Suzanna Lynn

Copyright © 2014 Suzanna Lynn
The Bed Wife – The Bed Wife Chronicles

All rights reserved. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is strictly prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form without express written permission from the author except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, events and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination and any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Edited by Hollie the Editor
Formatting by Sonya Loveday
Cover Art by Funky Book Designs
Interior Chapter Headings by Funky Book Designs

ISBN: 9781310134623

Smashword Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

(The following story contains mature themes and sexual situations. It is intended for adult readers.)



Dedication

For those who can see that dragons exist in stories, not to be scary, but to show us what can be overcome.


IF ONE WERE TO TRAVEL north through the realm of Wintervale, they would come upon a great castle in the side of Mount Shadowcast where the Kingdom of Grasmere lay.
The immense stone castle had been built high up into the mountainside, overlooking the villages in the valley below. Only a small part of the castle could be seen against the side of the mountain. Against the grey rocky mountainside, one could see a vast wall of smooth rock, with a high tower to one side. In the center of the smooth stone wall was a large intricate iron-worked door; the only way in and out of the castle. The massive mountain itself was peppered with windows, balconies and small towers, showing just how deep within the mountain the fortress delved.
Grasmere, the strongest and largest of the five Kingdoms within Wintervale, was built by the race of the Keld. 
The Keld were an ancient bloodline of men. Far stronger than the common man, they could suffer heat and cold, hunger and pain far greater than even the elves and dwarves of the world. They were a strong, proud people who had been blessed with large stature and brute strength. Even the women were known for their fortitude.
No one truly knew how the Keld came to be. Many said they were placed here by the gods to rule over the realm of men. Others rumored that they were no more than ordinary men who had been blessed with strength and long life. Whether or not their path was to rule, they did and they did it well.
For thousands of years, the royal lines of the Keld watched and protected their Kingdoms and the people within.
The Kingdom of Grasmere was presently ruled by King Ashmur. The people of the villages were happy in his rule, as he was a kind and fair sovereign. The people were even more hopeful at the promise of his son, Prince Baylin. For, while King Ashmur was rarely seen by the people of Grasmere, Baylin made it his whole purpose to be out with his subjects and see to their needs. He believed a Kingdom was only as good as its people and he intended to see they were properly provided for.
Baylin enjoyed the days when he was called from the castle to take care of business in the villages. While the castle had become a constant reminder of the overwhelming responsibility of becoming King, spending time with the people, reminded him of the kind of King he wanted to become.
This particularly dry, hot day, Baylin and his guard were returning from a visit to the village of Rivermouth, which was the Kingdom’s only port and main source of fresh water. Though a great battle nearly five hundred years ago had reduced the number of trolls plaguing the lands of Grasmere, they were still a constant threat. Baylin and his men made it a priority to check the conditions in the village several times a week.
As Baylin and his men made their way out of Rivermouth, people of the village stopped and bowed to their future King; their love for him evident on their faces.
The men of Prince Baylin’s guard were dressed as most of the Keld men, boiled leather jerkins and covered in chainmail. They were always ready to defend the Kingdom whenever duty called.
But not Baylin. He was, after all, the future King of Grasmere and was expected to display a certain regal presence when visiting the villages. Instead, he wore a fine indigo tunic highlighted in intricate silver swirling embroidery along the edges, which he wore over a protective vest of fine silver mail. At his waist hung a striking silver belt that featured meticulously carved diamond shapes along the length.
Unlike many of the Keld men who cared little of how their long hair and beards were maintained, Prince Baylin’s long black hair was tidy and fell in slight waves to the middle of his strong back. He also kept his beard very well groomed and trimmed close, giving him the proper appearance of a future King. As a sign of his status, he wore a silver circlet around his head. Though it was simple, the braided design gave him a most regal presence.
As the party traveled down the dry road, their horses’ heavy hooves kicked up large clouds of dust.
“Your Grace,” one of the guards said as he pressed his mount ahead to the right of the Prince.
“Yes?” Baylin replied.
“Could we stop off in Open Shaw for a pint?” the guard asked eagerly. “The dust is choking.”
Open Shaw was the Kingdom’s leading source of livestock and was a little village that sat between the mountain castle and Rivermouth. Baylin had appreciated the quaint homesteads and open fields since he was a child. It was peaceful and held a special place in his heart.
The Prince and his men had finished their duties early that day, and he was confident they had time to head to the pub. Baylin turned in the saddle, checking the time by the position of the sun in the west, when he saw a young woman in a goat field. The Prince slowed his horse to observe her, his men following suit.
She was a rare beauty, with her waist-length silvery-blonde hair swirling in the wind as she ushered the goats back toward the nearby paddock. She wore a soft creamy dress that hugged her slender figure, flattering her form.
As she walked closer, Prince Baylin urged his horse on with a nudge. The steed nickered in response, and the young woman turned quickly at the sound.
When she beheld Prince Baylin and his guard, she quickly dropped her head low in a bow. “Your Grace.”
The Prince rode up to the fence. “Please rise.”
The young woman raised her gaze to Baylin. Her almond-shaped eyes were the fiercest emerald green he had ever witnessed. Her hair and alabaster skin only caused her eyes to bewitch him further. She was truly the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on. Yet, her face held something familiar to him. As though she were from a dream he had long ago.
As he opened his mouth to ask her name, one of his guards’ horses whined loudly, causing the woman’s goats to scatter back out toward the field.
“Oh!” the woman cried, forgetting herself and running after the nearest goat.
The Prince dismounted his horse, jumped the wooden fence and quickly grabbed two small goats in his large muscular arms.
“Oh, your Grace, you mustn’t!” the woman cried.
Baylin walked over to the woman, carrying the two goats. As he approached, he towered at least a foot taller than her.
The woman realized she misspoke. “My apologies my Prince, I only meant you need not bother yourself.”
“It’s the least I can do,” he replied, setting down the two kids.
“Oh no, your Grace, it is nothing. I assure you,” she spoke, already ushering the goats back into place.
“As you wish, my lady,” Baylin replied, tilting his head in a slight bow.
The gesture caused the young woman to blush slightly. She again bowed and murmured, “Your Grace,” before returning to her work.
Baylin gazed at the woman for a moment as his mind flashed to a time many years ago.
He had been only ten years old playing in the trees on the edge of the forest just outside of Open Shaw. He climbed high into an ancient oak, digging the toes of his boots into the hard crevasses between the ridges of bark. As he climbed, he caught a glimpse of a shimmery movement in a nearby field from the corner of his eye. As he craned his neck for a better look, he spied a little girl with long silver-blonde hair walking through a field with a goat at her side. He watched her intently for several minutes, as he had never seen hair that color. His mother and all the other women in the castle had black hair, like his.
The little girl walked very near the edge of the forest as she hummed a song faintly to herself. The young Prince tried to lower himself quietly to the ground but lost his footing on the brittle bark and began to slide as he reached out trying to grasp branches to catch him.
When he hit the ground with a dull thud, the little girl jumped and turned toward him with a gasp.
“Boy,” she called out. “Boy, are you okay?”
She ran over to him, kneeling down beside him. “Oh, you’re hurt!”
Baylin fought to hold back the tears that wanted to fall. The arm of his tunic had been completely ripped open and dark blood oozed from a large gash on his elbow.
As the memory faded, Baylin ran a hand over the large scar that he bore on his elbow. Could it truly be her?
Baylin’s thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the woman’s voice. “Your Grace? Is everything okay?”
Baylin nodded to the woman respectfully. He turned and mounted his large horse, leading his men into Open Shaw.

AN HOUR LATER, WHILE DRINKING with his men at the tavern in Open Shaw, Baylin caught a glimpse of the young woman from the field. She had slipped into the boisterous room almost unnoticed and quickly strode over to a table in the back, just out of sight.
Baylin thought again of the little girl in the field.
She was about his age at the time, maybe slightly younger. When she saw his elbow she didn’t cry or scream like most little girls. Instead, she took a piece of fabric from her pocket and held it to the wound. 
“Hold this here,” she instructed. “I will fetch my father.”
The little girl took off barefoot through the field, with her long silver hair flowing behind her. She returned, as promised, with a weathered-looking older man who was introduced as her father.
The old man gently lifted the young boy into his arms. “We will take care of you, my Prince.”
“My Prince?” the little girl asked as she held on to the shirttail of her father. “Papa, why do you call him your Prince?”
“He is the King’s son, my dear. He will be the King himself someday,” the old man explained. “Now come along, L…”
The memory washed-out as Baylin thought hard. What was her name? He should know this; he knew it clearly as a boy.
Baylin’s curiosity about the woman grew. He rose and walked to where he could see her and the barkeep hoisting an old drunk man to his feet.
The room was alive with laughter and discussion, so no one seemed to notice as the woman held up the man and quickly exited with him in tow.
The chubby bald barkeep was cleaning up the mug covered table when Baylin approached him. “Please excuse me. Who was that?”
The barkeep turned and expressed a look of utter surprise as he laid eyes on Baylin. “Milord Prince Baylin,” he stammered as he attempted an awkward bow.
The Prince held up a hand. “There is no need of that, thank you. Now who was that who just left?”
The portly barkeep wiped his sweaty brow with a rag from his back pocket. “Well, milord Prince, the ol’ man ye saw was Hal-john. He owns a goat farm out on the edge o’ Open Shaw. `Course he spends most o’ his time in the bottom o’ an ale `stead of in the field. That poor family would be nothing if not for Luana.”
“Luana,” Baylin repeated.
“Yes, Your Grace, poor Luana. She spends her days in the field then drags her father home most nights,” the barkeep said with pity in his voice. “It’s a shame to see such a beauty wasted in the fields like that, but suppose that’s what happens with a drunk for a father.”
Baylin thanked the barkeep and returned to sit with his men.
Luana. He thought to himself. I remember you.


THE YOUNG MAIDEN LUANA WAS known throughout Open Shaw, not only for her rare beauty but her strong will and loving heart. She alone had become the sole provider for her family after her father had taken spending his time drinking life away at the pub.
Truth be told, Luana didn’t mind the fields as much as the life within her home. She loved the quiet solitude the outdoors offered and would often spend her days lying under the warm sun and read of far-off lands, brave warriors and powerful loves.
The day the Prince had assisted her in the field had been like one of her books come to life. She often saw Baylin and his men traveling by on their way to Rivermouth. She admired him from afar, but never dared to dream he would stop to speak to her.
A few weeks after her encounter with the Prince, Luana had fallen asleep in the tall grass while attending to the goats in the field. She dreamt of a little boy she used to play with in the fields and trees.
Her dream took place after the little boy had fallen from a tree in her family’s back field. She had run to get her father, and he carried the little boy back to their tiny homestead.
She could remember her father telling her the boy was going to be King someday. At only eight years old, Luana still didn’t understand how being King worked. She just knew the King and Queen were always supposed to be respected and bowed to and they lived in the big castle within the mountain. 
As her father worked to bandage the boy’s arm, Luana set to work distracting him. “I’m Luana. What’s your name?”
“Baylin,” the boy said through gritted teeth.
“Why did you fall out of that tree?” Luana asked, playing with a piece of bandage between her fingers.
The little boy named Baylin grimaced in pain as her father tightened a bandage around the arm. “That’s a stupid question!”
Luana turned her nose up in defiance at the little Prince. “Well, I’m not so stupid that I fall out of trees!”
“Luana!” her father scolded. “You do not speak to your Prince in that manner.”
Luana glared at the little boy. She didn’t understand why she needed to treat him any different than the other boys of the village. He wasn’t King yet. 
Her father knelt down and placed a hand on her shoulder lovingly. “Luana, I am going to get word to the castle that the Prince is injured. You stay with him, my dear, until I return.”
Luana watched her father leave through the front door. She didn’t want to stay with this mean little boy. As she was about the leave the room, the boy let out a whimper of pain. She reached out and took his hand. “It will be okay. Papa will get your mother and father.”
The little boy looked at her with sadness in his clear blue eyes.
Luana woke with a start at the sound of a deep, malicious growl. She quickly scrambled to her feet and saw a large black wolf sneaking up on a mother goat and her two kids. Oh gods, no!
With only a small knife to defend her, she screamed out as she ran at the wolf, trying to scare it off. “Go! Get away!”
She picked up a rock and threw it at the vicious beast. However, the creature was very hungry and a young woman was as good a meal as a few goats. The wolf turned on her, letting a growl from deep inside rumble out as it stalked her from side to side.
Terror boiled up as Luana realized the gravity of the situation. I’m going to die. Tears welled up in her eyes at the thought. There will be nothing left of me to mourn.
The thought of her family standing over an empty grave fueled her rage even as panic was trying to take over. “Not today.”
The ravenous wolf lunged at Luana, knocking her to the ground as she stabbed the knife into the flesh of its neck. The wolf circled around, even more angry and ready to attack. As it charged toward Luana, she screamed out in horror and reached out in a final attempt to defend herself. As the wolf leaped, an arrow cut through the air and pierced the wolf straight through its right eye, killing it instantly.
Luana stared at the lifeless body of the wolf, attempting to grasp what had just happened. She heard something running behind her, and she jumped as looked up to see Prince Baylin with a bow in his hand, racing through the field toward her.
He knelt beside her. “Are you injured, my lady?”
Luana was still trying to grasp what had happened, but she gave the Prince a slight nod.
Baylin took Luana’s hands within his own. “Let me help you.”
She quickly rose to her feet, dizzy from the encounter. “My Prince Baylin, thank you, my Lord.”
Luana lifted her eyes to meet his. He was far more handsome than she had realized. The thought made her blush and look away.
Baylin reached out, tilting the woman’s chin so as to bring her eyes to his. “Are you sure you are all right my lady?”
The touch of his rough hands against her face caused chills to run through Luana, even though the day was very warm. His piercing blue eyes seemed to mesmerize her, and it took everything inside her to reply. “Yes, my Lord, thank you.”
A warm breeze blew through the air causing Luana’s hair to flow up and around her face. Baylin gave a small smile in admiration. “Is there nothing I can offer you? My men could help you bring in your livestock. Do you not need a physician to ensure you are well?”
Luana could feel the heat of her continued blush. “Thank you, Your Grace. You have already done so much. I am fine, I assure you.”
“Well, if you’re sure you are fine,” Baylin said with a bow.
Luana stood and watched as the Prince and his men returned to their horses and continued their journey back to the castle.
She ushered her goats and began leading them back toward the farmhouse. Is he truly the little boy from so long ago? So much time has gone by, he has forgotten me. She could not help but feel disappointed that he did not recognize her. They had grown to be such friends when they were younger.

DURING THE WEEKS THAT FOLLOWED, Luana would see the Prince and his men slowly travel past her fields, more often than ever before.
She wondered if there could be trouble in Rivermouth to call them away so often.
As the Prince and his guards would pass, Baylin would watch Luana in the fields, always nodding a slight bow to her. The little boy she once knew was all grown up and was so very well respected. It was hard for Luana not to feel flattered by this attention.
Though she was charmed by the Prince, Luana forced herself to disregard his behavior. The harvest moon celebration was less than a month away, and she had much to do to prepare her flock, or risk not being able to sell them for enough grain to survive the winter.
One evening, a week before the harvest moon celebrations were to take place, Luana returned home from the fields to find her father at home and, for once, sober. She could not help but feel something was wrong, for he had not been sober a night in nearly five years. 
When Luana had been only thirteen, their family had lost nearly everything after a small pack of trolls invaded their fields and had carried off nearly all the goats they had worked all summer to raise and fatten. With nothing to sell that fall, their family had almost starved during the winter.
Her father had blamed himself. He had left the field unattended to visit the pub. He was never the same. He had given up all hope and spent all his time at the pub. It had been up to Luana to scrape an existence for her family. 
But now he was sitting with her mother and younger sister, excitedly discussing something.
Luana’s mother, Fersa, made her way across the room and kissed her daughter on the cheek. “Luana, dearest, have you heard?”
“Heard what, Mother?” Luana inquired as she made her way to the family table.
“We get to celebrate the solstice in the castle,” Luana’s young sister, Lesta, squealed.
“My dear daughter,” croaked Luana’s father Hal-john. “Have you ever been taught of the Keld traditions of the Bed Wife?”
“Yes, Father,” Luana said sourly.
Luana knew more than most about the bed wife ceremonies. It had been explained to her when she was very young.
After young Prince Baylin’s accident, he would steal away from the castle and meet Luana in the forest behind the goat field. The Prince would sneak tarts and pies from the castle kitchens to bring to Luana, and they would climb trees, play hide-and-seek, and even fight imaginary trolls and dragons with makeshift swords and axes.
In secret, they spent the entire summer in each other’s constant company. They had become inseparable friends. 
One afternoon while wandering through the forest, a great rain storm rapidly rolled over the Kingdom. The wind howled and whipped the leaves and tree branches in their faces so badly they could not see to find their way back to Luana’s home. 
Luana began to cry, wet and scared. She wanted to be back in her home by the warm hearth. It had been Baylin this time who had taken care of her. They sat under the canopy of a tree branch to keep the hard rain and strong winds at bay, hugging each other to stay warm.
After the storm had passed, the two ventured, hand in hand, out of the forest. As they crossed the large field, Luana could see several men on black horses walking the tree line.
“Oh no,” Baylin said miserably.
“My Lord Prince!” one of the guards cried. “I have found him!”
The guard dismounted in front of the two children as Luana’s father ran up behind them, pulling his daughter into his arms. “Luana, I have been so worried!”
It was then that a callous-looking man came bounding up on an enormous black horse. “Prince Baylin!”
Luana’s father instantly bowed. “Lord Cadman.”
The man grabbed Baylin by the hand, yanking the boy’s grip from Luana’s. “What on earth do you think you are doing out here? Getting lost? Playing with commoners? You are the Prince of Grasmere.”
Luana didn’t know the man, but she knew she didn’t like the way he was talking to her friend, nor how he was talking about her and her father as though they weren’t there.
“Uncle, she is my friend,” Prince Baylin defended.
The oily-looking man looked down at Luana with disgust. “The future King of Grasmere does not play with common little girls. Maybe someday she would do for your bed wife, but for now this is the end of it. Do you understand?”
That summer was the last time Luana had spoken to the Prince. After Baylin had left with his uncle that day, Luana’s mother explained to her what a bed wife was.
Nearly five hundred years ago, after the horrible Battle of Embers had virtually wiped out the entire royal bloodline, the Kingdom of Grasmere had become a burned wasteland. To ensure the survival of the Keld, King Aron wrote into law that every century, on the anniversary of the battle, the royal men who were of age would take a bed wife from the villages below. The anniversary of the battle was celebrated every one hundred years during the harvest moon celebration.
This woman’s sole purpose would be to provide the Kingdom with new blood sons as heirs to the Kingdom. Each royal born would pick, for himself, a bed wife, requiring she exude beauty, strength and other desirable characteristics to be passed down to her offspring.
When Luana’s mother had explained it to her, she spoke as though it was something to look forward to. If a young woman was chosen from your family, the family was provided with a new home and an endless supply of goods, including food and linens. To have a daughter chosen was to become one of the wealthiest families in the valley.
Most of the young women had grown up hearing the stories and seeing it as a romantic tale-the honor of being a royal Keld bed wife. Luana saw it for what it really was, trading money for breeding stock. Lesta would get no excited encouragement from her.
Fersa stood up and stroked her daughter’s silky hair. “Luana, we must prepare you for this. If you were to be chosen, you would save this family.”
Luana rushed to her feet. “You want me to be chosen? To be taken to be some man’s wench?”
“Luana, it’s not like that at all,” exclaimed her little sister. “If you were chosen, you would be the mother to an heir of Grasmere. You would be royalty!”
Luana was angry. “Lesta, you are too young to realize what you say. You haven’t heard the true stories of what it’s like to be a bed wife, only what you and your little friends discuss while you’re off playing. A bed wife is nothing to the royal house. She’s not even allowed to see her children once she has them. Plus, the man still takes a true-born Keld wife as his own when he is ready. Those are the children who would rule.”
Lesta’s face fell. “That can’t be true! Mother, tell her it isn’t true!”
Fersa reached for her youngest to comfort her and looked disappointed at Luana. “Must you always be so difficult? Don’t you see what a great honor this would be for the whole family? You would free us all from this poverty.”
“Is that all you see when you look at me?” Luana cried. “Am I just another piece of livestock to sell?”
Before her parents could reply, Luana ran crying out of the house. It had begun to rain softly and she welcomed the cool waters as they ran over her. She tried to put the thoughts of the solstice out of her mind.
Once she had calmed, Luana was making her way home when she saw Prince Baylin, his uncle, Lord Cadman and a few of his guard galloping down the path toward the castle. They had obviously gotten caught in the rain on their way back from Rivermouth.
Baylin slowed his horse and bowed his head at Luana in respect, as he always had.
An angry heat came over Luana when she saw him. Though he was once someone she had admired, she realized he would be one of the men taking part in the Bed Wife Ceremony on the Solstice.
He has grown into a monster just like his uncle. The boy I knew is long gone. Luana tightened her jaw and stiffened her posture. She gave a quick curtsey and then proceeded toward the house silently while Baylin wore an expression of utter confusion.


THE DAY OF THE HARVEST moon celebration had arrived, and the young ladies in all the villages were garbed in their finest dresses. It appeared some families were so desperate to have their daughter’s chosen that they had sold all their belongings just to clothe them in beautiful gowns and jewels.
The festival was, in itself, a grand affair. Everyone was gathered in the great hall of the castle. The room was so massive it could have easily held twice the number of those in attendance.
There were tables upon tables of fine food, plenty of wine and ale and the King had even brought in fire-eaters, jugglers and others to entertain the guests. The room was loud with laughter, conversation and song.
This was the first time Luana had ever been inside the castle. Instead of listening to all the young girls spew about their desires to be chosen in the ceremony, Luana walked around admiring the beauty of the architecture.
The castle was built within the mountain. However, the inside featured high spacious ceilings with detailed diamond-shaped patterns carved into them. The walls were draped with the Keld indigo blue banners, emphasized with beautifully detailed embroidery work of silver thread.
Surrounding the massive room were at least fifty columns that rose all the way to the ceiling. Each column featuring its own unique carvings, encrusted with great jewels and chains of pure gold and silver. Luana could not imagine how a mountain of rock and dirt could be sculpted into such a beautiful masterpiece.
Luana was in the back of the room, admiring a column with a figure of a beautiful pale white woman with long flowing hair and emeralds for eyes when she heard a man’s deep voice.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?”
She spun around, losing her footing on the smooth stone floor, but Prince Baylin was right there with strong arms to catch her. “Careful.” 
Luana was without words. She could barely mumble out “My Lord Prince” and do a proper curtsey.
“Are you enjoying the festivities?” he asked, stepping close to her so as to hear her better.
Luana, forgetting her anger the week before, was taken by his gentle consideration of her. He was even more striking than before, dressed in a silver doublet with indigo diamond-shaped embroidery that ran along the seams.
Unlike when he traveled the villages, this day he wore the crown of the Prince of Grasmere. It had a wide, gleaming silver filigree band where a large, round, faceted sapphire rested in the center of his forehead.
The blue of the stone complemented the ocean color of his eyes and made it very hard for Luana to gather her composure. “Yes, Your Grace.” 
He smiled at her affectionately, causing her to blush. He has grown so handsome. She felt the kind heart of the boy she once knew must still be within this man who stood before her.
Just then, the crowd began to applaud as King Ashmur appeared at the top of the room and seated himself in his throne.
Baylin looked to Luana and took a deep bow. “My Lady.” He then made his way through the crowd toward the King.
Luana was so flustered that she had hardly realized King Ashmur had begun his speech.
“My gentle subjects,” the King began, “today marks a most glorious day in your history. As you all know, every one hundred years, on the anniversary of the Battle of Embers, the men of the royal line are to take a bed wife from your villages and produce the new heirs to the Kingdom.”
Luana could not believe that the crowd was actually applauding this travesty.
“Today, we will call for ten of your daughters to bring forth a new generation of Princes, Princesses, Lords and Ladies of Grasmere,” King Ashmur continued. “Each family whose daughter is chosen will be richly rewarded.”
Again the crowd erupted in applause. Most of the young women were just as excited as their families.
The King continued, “Each young lady who is called forth has been hand selected by her suitor.”
Suitor. Luana sarcastically laughed to herself. More like “mount.” After all we’re just a bunch of dumb brood mares to them.
“Let us begin!” announced the King.
The ten men of the royal family formed a line beside the King on his platform, with Prince Baylin at the center. Luana was taken aback. She had almost forgotten that he would be one of the men plucking these girls from their families. She tasted bile at the back of her throat. How could she have thought him handsome?
The King began calling names. “Keely of Black Hallows, daughter of Madoc. Valda of Hillford, daughter of Dour.”
As each girl was called, she was not presented to the man who had chosen her. Instead, she was escorted down a side hall by two handmaids.
Most of the girls squealed and bounced as they went. One went with tears, trying to cling to her parents.
The ceremony was almost complete. Luana was thankful she did not know any of the chosen girls very well. It would have been heartbreaking to lose one of her friends.
Then she heard it. It echoed through her ears like a loud drum beating inside her head. “Luana of Open Shaw, daughter of Hal-john.”
No. Luana looked up at the King. Had she truly heard him? The room erupted in applause but to Luana it seemed to spin on a never-ending axis. No, this cannot be. She felt as though she would be sick. Please, gods, no. Do not let them take me. As she turned to look at her family, she could not hold herself up. Her knees went weak and she hit the cold stone floor. The applause was quickly replaced by gasps as nearby guests attempted to assist Luana and pull her to her feet.
Even Prince Baylin and a few of the other royal men began to descend the stairs toward her. However, before they could reach her, she was lifted to her feet and quickly escorted down the side hall. Terror gripped Luana as two handmaids ushered her along. They’re preparing me to be a bed wife.


LUANA, ALONG WITH ALL THE other “honored” maidens, was escorted to the lower levels of the castle deep within the mountain.
Each young lady was given a milk-and-rose water bath. They had their hair washed and styled into several loose braids that crowned their heads and gave birth to a single long serpentine fishbone braid - the traditional style for a bed wife.
They were then garbed only in a sheer, pearl white robe with an indigo jeweled sash. Surely this was to inspire their suitors, letting the men breed with the women quickly without too much clothing to get in the way.
All the bed wives were lined up, preparing to enter the main part of the castle. Each girl had obviously been chosen for her beauty. They were all very young, with slender bodies and long hair of blonde, raven or ginger. The youngest, the girl from Rivermouth, could not be sixteen. Looking past the redness of the girl’s tear-stained face, Luana could appreciate the beauty of her deep brown eyes and long brown curls. Even in her own fear, Luana wanted to comfort the girl but they had been instructed not to speak to one another.
The group was escorted up a labyrinth of halls and stairs to be taken to their new bedchambers. These chambers were where they would spend the majority of their lives. The sad young lady from Rivermouth cried silent tears as they ascended a stairway. However, the remainder of the women had actually believed the speech of how honored they were to be chosen and appeared to be excited. There were neither tears nor excitement on the face of Luana. She knew there was no great honor, merely an excuse to lay with women without the burden of marrying them.
Luana was the last of the group to be placed. She was led to a vast room with a large open balcony that allowed the moonlight to spill in and fill it with a milky glow. The room was lit with nearly a hundred candles, giving a warm glow against the cool moonlight.
“You will wait here for Prince Baylin,” the guard ordered.
“Prince Baylin?” She repeated in an angry tone. It was he who chose me?
“Yes,” the guard said through a sly smile. “You have been bestowed a high honor, bed wife. Your son could very well be the King of these lands someday, so spread your legs for the Prince and take his seed within you.”
A defiant anger came over her. It must have shown because the guard laughed at her as he locked her in the room.
She stood in silence for a few minutes, absorbing the realization of what was happening. She had been sold. Her father had sold her off like one of his goats to slaughter.
Luana cringed as she began to hear cries coming from another room somewhere nearby. The crying was most likely the poor girl from Rivermouth. Just another bed wife doing her duty. 
The girl’s terror must have excited whoever had chosen her because they were followed by his loud moans of ecstasy along with laughter from what, she could only assume, were an audience of guards. Fear gripped her. Am I going to receive the same treatment? Could he really do such a thing to me?
Luana tried to distract herself by observing the general splendor of the room. It was considerable in size, with the same smooth stone floors as in the great hall that the celebration had taken place in. However, this room had a warmer lived-in feel. There were shelves filled with books, a writing desk and a small table that was most likely for meals. It also had several fur rugs throughout—in front of the blazing hearth, beneath a padded settee bench—and a massive fur covered the floor around the bed.
The bed was immense! It could have slept six or seven young ladies from her village, let alone herself. It was covered in great pillows and blankets of linen and fur that most certainly would keep the night’s chill at bay.
She walked across the room and out onto the balcony to look down on the villages below the mountain. Many women might take comfort in knowing their child would have the opportunity to become the next in line to rule this great land. However, Luana could only see a cage—a loveless, lifeless existence for herself. Once the Prince was ready, he would take a real wife—a Queen—from one of the other Kingdoms and bear legitimate heirs to his throne.
Luana felt a deep, hollow sadness in her heart. She could not help but long for one of the great loves that she had read about in her books. She was completely lost in thought when she heard the sound of a footstep behind her. She turned to see Prince Baylin standing at the opening of the balcony.
Even in her anxious hatred, she could not help but admit he was still very handsome. He was certainly not the little boy who had fallen from the tree more than ten years ago. His dark raven hair tumbled loose past his bare shoulders and he wore only a pair of black leather trousers and the silver royal medallion around his neck on a black leather cord. The moonlight danced across his skin, painting shadows within the curves of his muscular physique.
“Hello,” he spoke softly, taking a few steps toward her. “It’s me… I mean… I’m Baylin.”
His words snapped Luana out of her admiration for him. Suddenly she only felt anger.
“And I am to be your bed wife,” she spat at him. “Shall we get to it then?”
As he walked toward her, she refused to meet his eyes. She knew she had spoken out of turn and was sure to pay the price for it.
His rough hand cupped her chin, forcing her gaze to fall on him. His eyes were like that of the Crystal Water in Rivermouth, crisp and blue, but so deep you knew you could drown in them. And sad, they had such sadness to them. Had the venom in her words actually wounded him?
“Do you not remember me, Luana?” he asked in a soft tone. “Have you forgotten?”
She felt a pang of guilt for her harsh tone. He does remember. She felt so awkward standing before him in this state. They had not spoken in such familiar tones since they were children. She had watched him grow into a handsome Prince and had secretly hoped he would one day come back for her. But I never wanted this.
“I do, Your Grace,” she spoke with a broken voice. “We are grown now.”
“Yes, we are,” he said as he dropped her chin, stepping back to look at her fully. The moon created a silhouette of her body within the translucent white robe.
He reached out and ran his hand down the curve of her waist then gently pulled the knot of the jeweled sash. Without it to keep the robe taut around her body, the silky sheer material simply slid off and pooled at her feet. She stood before him, frozen in fear at her nakedness as he placed a hand at her hip.
The moon, in its fullness, reflected down on her alabaster skin, allowing Baylin to admire the curves of her figure.
An icy breeze traveled through the air, swirling around Luana’s body. The coolness touched her nipples, setting them hard and tingling.
Baylin pulled her in closer and caressed her breast with his hot, rough hand. The heat of his touch sent goose bumps running all over her body. He leaned in and kissed the curve of her neck lightly, slowly kissing his way down over her shoulder and collarbone.
He allowed his lips to graze the curve of her breast as he slowly knelt down to his knees and gently ran his lips against the soft skin of her thighs and hips. His beard was bristly but only seemed to add to the sensation.
It wasn’t until he began delicately kissing her along her stomach that she realized she was actually feeling aroused.
What are you doing? she thought. You’re nothing more than a slave to him. He takes no value in your pleasure.
Luana stiffened abruptly, allowing her body language to relay her unhappiness.
Baylin looked up at her. “Is something wrong?”
“Can we just get to it already? There is no use in prolonging the inevitable.” Her words were harsh and hot. She kept her eyes fixed ahead of her, attempting a look of indifference while desperately fighting back tears.
He stood up with a grim look as he seemed to ponder her words. “If that is what you wish. Go to the bed.”
She walked into the room and toward the bed, all the while mentally scolding herself for defying him. At least he was being kind; now he will show you no mercy.
She lay back on the bed as he unlaced his trousers and pushed them to the floor. When the moonlight hit him, her own body betrayed her. She began to feel a slight tingling between her thighs at the sight of his erect manhood.
He crawled on top of her, supporting himself with his muscular arms. He spread her legs and pressed himself against the opening to her maiden flower. As he leaned in to kiss her lips, she turned her face away from him.
As hard as Luana had tried, she could not keep all the tears at bay. The few tears that did escape traveled silently down her cheek. Her body began to tremble as she waited for him to penetrate. Her anger defied it while her body yearned for it. She stiffened, preparing for it to begin.
Baylin reached up to wipe the tears from her cheek, but Luana pushed his hand away and quickly wiped them with the back of her hand.
Baylin sat back on his heels. “You defy me?” His words were stern yet almost disappointed.
The tone of his voice caused Luana to turn and meet his stare. The pale moonlight gave his blue eyes a ghostly sheen.
Luana was like a floodgate; she could not hold back the tears anymore.
“Why would I not? Why would any woman rejoice in being reduced to a glorified brood mare?” Even through her tears, Luana could not help her defiant tone, but regretted it when she saw its effect on him.
“Your son,” he began through clenched teeth. “Our son. He will be the next in line for the throne. He will rule this Kingdom one day.”
Why is he trying to justify this? She could not stop her words. “My son? You mean the son I will bear you and will never see again but from a distance? The son who will be taught to avoid me, who will be taught that I am less important than his horse? Or do you mean the children of the actual wife you will take as your Queen someday? This, you feel, I should be honored by?”
She knew she had angered him. His words came out hot as dragon’s fire. “You dare speak to me in such a tone? I took you from your measly existence as a drunken goat herder’s daughter fighting wolves in the field to the bearer of the next Lord of this Kingdom!”
He grasped her by the tops of her arms, pulling her from the bed and lifted her with ease to her feet to stand before him. “Perhaps I should have left you in your fields.”
“I wish you had!” she screamed through streaming tears, struggling against his iron grip. “No child should be born of this. Born into a world where their mother is a prisoner, where their parents hate one another.”
Baylin released his grasp and stared into her eyes. There was a sad realization there. “It is the only world I know.”
As he walked back to the balcony to retrieve the sheer robe she had arrived in, Luana couldn’t help but feel guilty for wounding him. This man, who was once her best friend, was now someone she hated. All because of a King’s decree nearly five hundred years before they had met.
Baylin smoothly slipped the robe back onto her shoulders and secured the jeweled sash around her waist.
“As my bed wife,” he began, “you will have access to these chambers as well as the private bath in the next room. You will have handmaids at your disposal, but you may not leave these chambers. Understood?”
The tone of his voice was indifferent, but his eyes spoke loudly. He was hurt by what had occurred.
She nodded and he walked over, picking up his pants. As he put them on in silence, she wondered what was to happen. It was unheard of to defy someone of the royal family, especially the Prince.
Baylin made his way to the door and turned to look at Luana. “This is your home now. You may use all within these chambers as you please. The bed is yours to sleep. Do not worry. I will not touch you again.
What have I done? She wanted to apologize. She wanted to fall at his feet and beg for his forgiveness. But her stubbornness got the best of her and she stomped over to the bed and buried herself in the furs.
When Baylin slammed the chamber door closed, tears began rolling down her cheeks until she cried herself to sleep.


SHE DESPISES ME, BAYLIN THOUGHT as he stood outside the chamber door. Why does she have such anger for me? He didn’t understand her behavior. For months he had admired her, stealing opportunities just to speak with her. She had always been shy but seemed to enjoy his presence. Had she truly forgotten how close they were as children?
Baylin made his way down the winding halls and tall stairwells to the dining hall. He was in desperate need of an ale and some quiet.
When he arrived, half his guards were there. Most were passed out drunk; the few that weren’t were busying themselves with a game of dice.
“Your Grace,” called out one of the guards.
“Enough with the titles, Ferric, please.” Baylin grabbed a horn of ale and sat alone at a far-off table.
Ferric was a war-hardened soldier who had been at Baylin’s side since they were young. Unlike the other true born men who had raven hair, Ferric had a long tangle of chestnut red hair that fell over his shoulders. Ferric was of royal blood. However, his family were descendants of a bed wife. He was, therefore, placed in a high honor as part of Prince Baylin’s guard. Though Ferric may have been considered a low-class true born, Baylin had no truer friend.
Baylin stared into his drink, reliving the words Luana had uttered. She doesn’t see me as her savior; she sees me as her jailer. He cared for Luana and wanted to make her happy. So many years had passed since they had been young friends. She saw him differently now. How can I show her I care when she is so certain I’m a brute?
Ferric rose from his seat and made his way across the hall to his friend. “Baylin, what troubles you? Should you not be with your bed wife relishing in her pleasures?”
If only she’d have me. Baylin was about to reply when a loud group of men came stomping into the hall, led by Baylin’s Uncle Cadman.
Lord Cadman was the younger brother to Baylin’s father, King Ashmur, and tended to be disliked by most in the Kingdom. He was a greasy man who resented his nephew, not only for his seat on the throne, but also for the love the people of Grasmere had for him.
However, King Ashmur had a soft spot for his little brother. Ashmur had been seventeen when Cadman was born. Their mother had died in childbirth. Their father followed their mother just one year later, succumbing to grief at the loss of his wife.
Ashmur was crowned King and made ruler of Grasmere. Many had remarked that the responsibility of ruling a Kingdom was too a heavy burden for an eighteen-year-old boy to bear. However, King Ashmur took on an even greater one. 
Though it was completely unheard of, the King chose to father his little brother, putting off finding a Queen for the Kingdom. King Ashmur did not marry Queen Valasca until some fifteen years after being crowned. 
One would think that Lord Cadman would be eternally grateful for the sacrifices and love King Ashmur had bestowed upon him. However, it seemed to be the opposite for Cadman. He grew up an entitled, spoiled Lord who acted as though he was next in line for the throne.
Lord Cadman had been one of the ten who had taken part in the harvest moon celebration that night and was awarded a bed wife.
“Dear nephew,” Cadman called out. “Finished already? Do not worry. Stamina improves with practice…for most.”
Cadman and his men attempted to stifle their laughter as they made their way over for ale.
Ferric stood to his feet so quickly he moved the table. “You dare to speak your future King in such a way?”
Cadman got in the face of the young man. “I could have your head for that tone.”
“Nobody is taking anyone’s head,” Baylin interceded. “Ferric, please sit.”
The guard did as he was bid, never taking his eyes from Lord Cadman.
“Uncle, should you not be in your chambers with your own bed wife?” Baylin said before taking a long drink of ale.
Cadman gave a vile laugh. “Oh, I did. I’m surprised you could not hear her screams from your own chamber, nephew.”
The company of men let out a boom of laughter as Baylin sat back down next to his friend. Cadman and his men made their way down the length of the hall as the depraved man retold the rape of his bed wife to every man he could.
Baylin stared down at his horn of ale, lost in thoughts of Luana. He could now understand why she hated him. We’re all monsters to her. She saw all the men of his family as barbaric rapists like his uncle. She’s right. No child should be born into a world like this.
“Baylin,” Ferric whispered. “What is it? Does the woman not remember you?”
“She remembers,” Baylin began. “She simply hates me for what I am.”
Ferric looked confused. “Hates you? Why?”
“She said she wishes I would have left her in the fields,” Baylin admitted, looking down at his drink. “She said she’s now nothing more than a brood mare.”
Ferric looked down at the table, unsure what to say.
Baylin thought to himself. He needed to do something to earn Luana’s trust, maybe even her love as time went on. 
The Prince knew that he could trust his friend. “Ferric, I need you to do something for me.”
“Anything,” the guard replied eagerly.
Baylin leaned in and whispered quietly. “I need you to go to Open Shaw for me.”


THE NEXT MORNING LUANA WOKE to the gleam of warm orange sunbeams falling across the bed and the smell of food. She heard the clink of metal and discovered what she could only assume were her promised handmaids preparing her breakfast.
“The young miss has woken!” one said, quickly moving to Luana’s side as she stepped out of the giant bed.
“Where is Prince Baylin?” Luana asked curiously. She felt truly guilty for her anger toward him the night before, and his absence made her worry that she was to pay for her insolent behavior.
“His Grace said to tell the young miss, should she ask, that he will return shortly. He has chosen to break his fast with the King and Queen this morning,” said another maid who was laying out a tray of bread and cheese.
It was hard for Luana to tell the maids apart. All three wore the same simple brown dress with cream-colored cowls covering their hair completely. They were all so very plain that she could not determine any way to define one from the other.
Luana walked to the small wooden table where a meal of bread, cheese, fruit and a covered tray had been laid out.
She sat down and uncovered the tray to reveal quail eggs. She simply adored quail eggs! Her mother and father would get them for her birthday, but hadn’t been able to afford them the past few years.
Did Prince Baylin do this? She pondered the eggs. No, surely quails eggs aren’t a rarity at all within the castle.
As she finished her meal, the chamber door opened and in walked a hunched-over, wrinkled old man in long blue robes. He had a silver beard, but no hair on his head. He carried a black leather bag and wore a large golden medallion of the healers around his neck.
He’s ancient! He must be nearly ninety years old, Luana thought as she observed the man. He had a kind face, even with his cloudy grey eyes. Luana had heard that physicians were actually born into their profession, passed from father to son. There were certainly no female physicians, save midwives. The knowledge this elderly man possessed had been passed down through the generations for thousands of years, and he appeared to carry the weight of that knowledge and he hobbled, stooped over a cane, toward her.
“My dear,” he creaked. “I am Master Keon, the royal physician. I have come to ensure last night’s events were properly consummated.”
A flush of fear took Luana. She had heard rumors that bed wives who were unsuccessful in producing children were forced out of the castle in disgrace. Not even their families would take them then. If that happened, she would have nowhere to go.
“Um, my Lord Keon...” she fumbled.
“He is no Lord, I assure you,” Prince Baylin said as he walked through the door. “Master Keon, my account of the evening should be more than enough to confirm it’s…success.”
Everyone bowed as Baylin crossed the room to Luana. She felt it was only right to display the same courtesies and bow. “Your Grace.”
He cupped her chin, turning her eyes to him. “You need not ever bow to me, my dear,” There was a sad kindness in his eyes and if it were possible, he was even more handsome by the light of the rising sun.
“My Prince,” the physician squeaked as he shuffled toward Luana. “It is customary to examine the bed wife to ensure everything has gone according to order.”
Baylin protectively placed himself between Luana and the old man. “And you are telling me the word of your future King is not as accurate as your confounded instruments?”
The anger in his tone threw off the old man. “At least allow me to examine the bed linens to make sure her maidenhood was properly taken.”
Luana sucked in a breath in fear. She knew the bed had not yet been changed, and it would be obvious that nothing had happened the night before.
“I’m afraid I will have to disappoint you there again, Master Keon,” Baylin said with a slight laugh. “We didn’t exactly make it to the bed.”
The old man blushed slightly as comprehension took place. “Well… I… I see… Well…”
Baylin patted the old man on the shoulder to send him on his way. “Do not worry. I was there, you know. I can account for all that happened.”
Still flushed with embarrassment, the old man hobbled out of the room mumbling under his breath.
Luana stared in silence at Baylin as her maids cleared the table and bed linens. Why? she thought. Why did he lie to protect me? She shook off the sentiment with another thought. It was merely his pride. He didn’t want to admit he had been denied.
Baylin walked over to her and ran his hand down her shoulder and arm. She winced slightly from the pain of the pale purple bruises from their struggle the night before.
“I should have had him treat these,” he said sadly, staring into her eyes.
“It is fine,” she replied stiffly, attempting to shake off his hand. His very touch was like the warmth of the sun.
One of her handmaids laid out a beautiful gown of pale blue and gold.
“I need to dress for the day.” Luana made her way over to the handmaid. She hoped the excuse would give him reason to leave her to collect her thoughts.
“I will be traveling to Rivermouth today. I will be back to sup with you,” he said as he made his way from the room.
As he strode by the small breakfast table, he turned to her. “The quail eggs, were they to your liking?”
Luana looked up at the hopeful smile on his face. He did have the eggs brought to her.
She could not help but smile. “They were truly wonderful, Your Grace. Thank you.”
He smiled warmly, nodded and left the room.


PRINCE BAYLIN HAD BEEN FORCED to spend most of his days either in his father’s war council or on trips to Rivermouth to disperse the troll problem that continued to grow in the Kingdom. Though he tried to spend what time he could with Luana, and at times seemed to succeed at charming her, he felt she was still resentful of him.
Baylin kept his promise to Luana by sleeping on the cushioned settee by the hearth instead of in the bed with her. It was extremely uncomfortable, but he did not want to be distant and sleep in separate chambers. 
One chilly morning Baylin woke to the soft sound of singing. He sat up slowly, stretching to relieve the aches in his tight, knotted muscles. He stood, walking over to the hearth and stirring the sleepy embers. The warm days of summer were passing and cool autumn days and cold nights were upon them. Looking around the room, Baylin could see that Luana was not in her bed. He could still hear the soft sound of a song that was coming from the balcony.
Baylin drew a fur off the settee, pulling it around himself, and made his way out on the balcony.
Luana stood, looking out over the Kingdom in the cool morning air. She wore a thin pale blue sleeping gown that dragged the ground, and her long hair trailed down her back. The sun’s warmth had not yet heated the valley, and Baylin could see Luana’s warm breath as she sang.
The sound of Luana’s soft song brought Baylin to a time long forgotten to him. Back when they were both just children, life was much simpler and their dreams were much bigger.
It was fairly early on that warm summer morning when Baylin set out from the castle. The sun had only just risen, and the birds sang a chorus as he made his way down the dusty road.
When he arrived at the little goat farm, he could see Luana picking flowers on the edge of the forest. She was singing quietly to herself while her little goats played and munched on grass.
Baylin hopped the fence and silently made his way up behind her in an attempt to sneak up on her. As he made his way through the tall grasses of the field, Luana’s lovely voice traveled on the wind to him.
When he had almost reached her, his foot caught on a fallen branch that had been hidden by the grass and he fell on his hands, catching himself.
The sound caused Luana to cry out and she turned to see what had caused it. “Oh! Baylin, you scared me.”
Baylin laughed at her surprise as he stood himself upright. “Well, you should be paying better attention. What if I had been a troll?”
Luana playfully grimaced at Baylin and picked up a long slender stick, pointing it at him. “Then I would strike him down where he stood.”
Baylin laughed as he watched Luana swing her “sword” at him. “Okay, I’m sorry, I yield.”
Luana dropped the makeshift sword as Baylin pulled out a small package wrapped in parchment paper. “I brought you something.”
“What is it?” Luana asked as she took the gift eagerly in her hands.
She tore the paper to tatters and revealed a small box with two strawberry tarts inside. “These are truly for me?”
Baylin nodded at her with a smile. He liked bringing her things from the castle. He knew that she never received treats like these in the village, and her appreciation for them made him realize how truly fortunate he was. He had never thought it fair that he was allowed to have such nice things while others didn’t.
Luana sat down on a bed of rich green clover before taking a bite of the delectable tart. “Mmm. Thank you, Baylin! You must sit and share one with me.”
Baylin sat down next to her as she handed him a half a tart. The two talked as they snacked. When they were finished, they lay back on the clover bed and began guessing at the shapes of the clouds as they rolled by.
“That one looks like a castle,” Luana said, pointing up into the sky. “Just like your home!”
Baylin pointed at another cloud. “What about that one?”
“That one looks like a Princess’s crown,” Luana replied.
Baylin smiled to himself. He was so much happier in the field than he ever was in the castle.
“Baylin?” Luana asked, still staring up into the sky.
He turned his gaze from the clouds and looked at her. “Yes?”
“Could I ever be a Princess? You know, like you are a Prince?” she asked with a smile on her face.
The thought made Baylin sad. He turned his eyes back to the sky. “You have to be born a Princess.”
The words did not seem to discourage Luana, however. “But Papa says you are to be King someday.”
“So?” Baylin retorted.
Luana sat up and looked down at Baylin on the ground. “Well, when a King marries, his wife becomes the Queen. So when we grow up, we can get married. Then I can stay with you in the castle and we could eat tarts all day!”
Baylin sat up, laughing at Luana. “It doesn’t work like that.”
Luana wrinkled her nose in defiance. “Why not? If you are King, you make the rules. It can work if you want it to.”
Baylin smiled. “Well then, my Queen, what if we get tired of eating tarts?”
Luana giggled. “We could go riding, attend feasts and balls. Oh, what fun we would have! And best of all, we would be together in the castle.”
Baylin smiled at Luana’s cheerful grin. He reached back and picked a delicate white daisy from the tall grass and placed it in her silvery hair just behind her ear. He felt blessed to have such a true friend.
The memory made Baylin’s heart swell as he thought of the laughing little girl. Outside of Ferric, Luana had been the only true friend he had ever known. He wished he could have those days back. If we had only been allowed to stay friends, how different out lives might have been.
Baylin continued to admire Luana as he listened to her sing. Her voice was haunting to him and it pulled at his longing for her. “You sing beautifully.”
Luana turned quickly at the sound of his voice. “Your Grace, apologies. I did not mean to wake you.”
Baylin walked to Luana and wrapped the fur around her shoulders. “It was a wonderful way to wake.”
Luana blushed slightly and looked away. Baylin loved the way her soft pale skin flushed a rose pink when he managed to charm her.
“You must be cold,” Luana said, looking at Baylin’s bare chest as she hugged the fur around her. “Please, let us go inside.”
Luana started for the room but Baylin pulled her closer to him, tilting her chin up with his hand. She looked at him with those fierce emerald green eyes; he wanted to be lost in them. For the first time in weeks she seemed to have let her guard down. She was so striking that his heart hurt.
Baylin leaned in close to Luana’s lips, waiting for her to pull away, but she didn’t. He could feel her breath against his face and smell her sweet skin. He wanted to savor this moment.
As he leaned in to press his lips to hers, he heard a loud knock on the chamber door. Both Baylin and Luana were startled at the sound, and Luana quickly pulled away.
Baylin sighed in frustration as he made his way into the chamber to the door.
“Prince Baylin, apologies,” a guard said with a bow as Baylin opened the door. “His Grace the King has requested your presence at once for war council.”
Baylin again sighed, this time in irritation. “Tell him I will be there soon.”
Baylin closed the door and turned. Luana was sitting on the settee in front of the hearth with the fur wrapped around her.
He made his way over to her and sat beside her. “I must go.”
She stared at the glowing embers in the hearth and nodded slightly.
Baylin could see the moment was gone. She had put up her walls again, and there would be no knocking them down today.
He rose and dressed for council with the King.


MANY WEEKS PASSED IN THE Kingdom with little excitement for Luana. She had been given plenty to entertain herself. She was brought any book she could want to add to her personal library. Prince Baylin even had tutors in the arts brought in to teach her painting and sculpture, even music.
Each day, Baylin made attempts to spend time with her, to the point of eating his meals in his chambers exclusively. He still slept on the settee every night; though Luana was sure it must be uncomfortable.
Most days they would discuss what she was reading, or the musical instrument she was attempting to learn. All the while, Luana felt as though it must be some kind of trick. She knew at some point the royal physician would either declare her unfit to carry children or it would come out that she was still a maiden. This couldn’t go on forever; she would either be forced to lay with him or banished from the Kingdom.
Yet, she couldn’t refute her fondness for him. When she wasn’t trying to figure out the angles and tricks, Luana found she was growing comfortable with his presence, and lonely at the absence of it. Just as when they were children.
One day, in particular, stood out in Luana’s memory. It was when Prince Baylin had decided to try and teach her the art of swordplay. 
Luana gave Baylin a puzzled look as he carried the wooden swords into the room. “Your Grace, what are those for?”
Baylin gave her a smile that sent butterflies in her stomach. “I’m going to teach you how to use a sword.”
“A sword?” Luana was even more baffled. “What need have I for a sword?”
“The skills of sword fighting are taught to Keld women at a young age. They need not be lost on you,” he said, walking to her and placing the rough wooden sword in her hand. “You should always be prepared to defend yourself.”
Luana raised an eyebrow as she stared at him with a smirk. “Defend myself from what, exactly?”
Baylin smiled back and placed a hand gently on her shoulder. “Hopefully, nothing. However, Keld women are taught at a young age to wield a sword, and I feel you should not be denied the same instructions.”
Baylin walked up behind Luana, slightly pressing his body against hers as he positioned her in a defensive stance. “There, now keep that position.”
He walked to the other side to face her, raising his own wooden sword. “Now I want you to swing at me.”
Luana laughed at how ridiculous she thought she looked, but could not deny that the smile on Baylin’s face made it all the more enjoyable. She swung her sword playfully at Baylin. “This is silly.”
Baylin laughed, “Now come on, be serious.”
Luana straightened her posture and held the sword as he had instructed. She attempted to remove the smirk from her face, but Baylin’s expression made it impossible. 
She lunged at him with her sword, only to have him disarm her, grab her wrist, quickly spin her so her back was against his chest, and trapped her within his strong arms. They both laughed as Luana struggled against his embrace.
“You missed,” Baylin whispered into her ear. 
Luana, still laughing, turned her head to respond and found his lips mere inches from her own. She looked up into his blue eyes. She could feel the soft hum of anticipation between them, as though time had stood still and they were the only two people left in the world. She knew she only needed to lean in to have him kiss her. Secretly, she wanted him to. “Kiss me,” she thought. She had longed to feel his lips against hers.
Baylin moved his lips slightly closer to hers as though he would kiss her, but then he stopped. “Perhaps you were right. Maybe this is a bit foolish.” He released her from his embrace, setting both swords on a nearby table.
She turned to face him. “True. We are no longer children.”
Baylin looked gravely at the ground. “No, we undoubtedly are not.”
Luana stepped a bit closer to him so that she could take his hand into her own. “But we need not deny ourselves the pleasures of acting childish from time to time.”
Baylin looked up at her with a hopeful expression and smiled. He grabbed the two wooden swords in his hand. “You want to give it another go?”
It had been the first time since she entered the castle that Luana had felt at ease with the Prince.
She felt sorry for Baylin. It had been nearly two months since being brought into the castle, and all of the other bed wives were with child. Prince Baylin was the heir to the Kingdom, yet he had no heir of his own. Luana could not deny that it was her own doing.
One cool evening, Luana was out on the balcony painting the sunset when she heard the chamber door bang open. Assuming it was the Prince, she got up to greet him. However, when she entered the room, she found one of her handmaids standing beside Prince Baylin’s uncle, Lord Cadman. 
“Hello, Luana, is it?” Cadman asked in a sinister tone.
Luana’s stomach tied in knots as fear took her. She knew something was not right. She gave a small bow. “Yes, my Lord.”
“Do you find amusement in humiliating my nephew?” Lord Cadman hissed. He looked different from the last time Luana had seen him. His greasy hair was matted to his head, and he had a terribly unkempt beard. He stank of body odor and ale, and his nose looked like it had been broken several times. He had obviously just come out of a drunken stupor.
Luana, trying to keep her composure, attempted to seem unshaken. “My Lord Cadman, I do beg your forgiveness. I am afraid I do not understand your meaning.”
Cadman shoved the handmaid to her knees in front of Luana. “Your maid has informed me that my nephew does not lay with you at night. And Master Keon has been denied again and again to examine whether you are with child.”
Fear and realization took her in a hot, heavy flush. This is it, she thought. He has come to humiliate me and cast me out.
She couldn’t force out the painful feeling of heartbreak. She had grown to care about Baylin. But she would not give any of them the satisfaction of knowing it. She stood her ground in silence as Cadman spoke just inches from her face.
His hot stinking breath beat against her face as he shouted. “So you think you are too good to spread your legs for the next King of Grasmere?”
“No!” Luana tried to back away from the man. “You don’t understand…”
“Well, you’re not too good for me!” He lunged and grabbed Luana by the arm. Swinging her around, he threw her into the round breakfast table, causing her to hit her head hard as she knocked the table over. In her dazed state, she could hear the handmaid screaming.
She felt the pain as Cadman grabbed her by the hair and pulled her to her feet. She swung back, landing her elbow right in the stomach. Cadman’s grip loosened slightly as he coughed out at the pain. 
Luana turned to face Cadman, clawing at his hands and arms as best she could, but he was too powerful for her to fend off. He tightened his grip on her hair, stood up the table and pushed her, face down, onto it. Cadman tore open the back of her silk gown, exposing her body to him.
She screamed and used the table to lever herself and kick back at him. She was fighting for her life.
While she continued to scream and attempted to push herself off the table, he held her down with one hand.
Cadman leaned forward, putting his mouth to her ear as the weight of his body pressed down on her. “Now you will know what it is like to be had by a true King of Grasmere.”
Luana reached back behind her head and grabbed Cadman, digging her nails into the side of his face.
Cadman screamed out as he pulled his face away. Luana felt the searing pain as he roughly slammed her head into the table.
Luana knew it was over. This would be the humiliation that came before she was cast out. She continued to fight against his strength as she heard his pants slide to the ground. 
She braced herself for what was to come when she heard the door clang open and a booming yell. “No!”
Luana felt the weight of Cadman’s grip leave her and heard a horrible crash. She turned to see Cadman lying in a pile of broken glass that used to be her tall looking glass. She screamed and fought as strong arms grabbed her around the waist.
“Quiet now,” Luana heard Baylin’s voice soothe. “You’re safe. I am here.”
Luana could not help but throw her arms around his neck while trying to stifle her sobs. She did not realize how safe he made her feel until she was in danger.
Cadman pulled himself to his feet and swung a fist at Baylin, tripping over his pants and falling face first on the hard stone floor.
“Get back,” Baylin ordered Luana as he protectively pushed her behind him.
Baylin picked up his uncle by the cuff of his tunic. “You dare touch her.”
Cadman laughed at his nephew through a bloody lip. “Someone needs to.”
Baylin balled his fist and sent it flying straight into Cadman’s nose, causing the older man to fall onto the small table, breaking it.
Several guards and Luana’s other handmaids came running into the room at the sound of the fight.
“Your Lady needs a change of clothes,” Baylin called to the two handmaids.
The maids rushed to Luana’s side, throwing a robe around her and ushering her into the private bath.
“Guards, take her to the dungeon,” Prince Baylin commanded, pointing at the handmaiden who had betrayed Luana. As the guards pulled her out of the room, she cried for Lord Cadman who was still in a half-naked, unconscious mound on the ground amid the broken pieces of the glass and wood.
Baylin strode over to his uncle and kicked him in the side. “Get up!”
The old Lord groaned as he attempted to get up in the shards of the broken glass. Baylin’s impatience grew thin and he grabbed his uncle by the tunic, dragging him to his feet.
“You dare enter my chambers without my permission?” Baylin yelled while holding his uncle by the back of the neck. “You dare abuse Luana?”
“I did it for you, dear nephew,” Cadman lied through crooked teeth. “The bed wife meant to humiliate you in front of the whole Kingdom!”
“So you felt the only way to compensate was to take her for your own?” he boomed as he dragged his bleeding uncle to the chamber door. He shoved Cadman out the door as he shouted, “Do not take me for the fool!”
Baylin stared at the door in silence as his anger continued to boil. He glowered as he thought to himself. He could not remember a time when he liked his uncle, but he was certain he had never hated him more than that very moment.
After forcing Baylin to shun Luana when they were children, Baylin had held no affection for Cadman. However, his mistrust was solidified when he was thirteen.
As next in line for the throne, King Ashmur insisted that Baylin was a King in training and needed to be taught and molded at a young age.
Baylin had spent the day practicing shooting a bow from horseback with an instructor his uncle had brought in. Having finished his lessons and brushing down his horse, Baylin headed up a stairway to his chamber for a bath when he overheard his uncle’s voice coming from the hallway above.
The long halls of the castle caused whispers to echo off the stone walls and become shouts, especially his uncle’s baritone voice.
Cadman had been arguing with someone. “I give you one task and now you are having second thoughts?”
“I’m sorry, my Lord Cadman,” a man with a familiar voice said in a nervous tone.
There was a pause of silence. Baylin had been scared to move for fear that his footsteps might be heard.
Cadman continued. “This Kingdom has suffered under a soft ruler for far too long. It takes a firm hand to raise an empire; this Kingdom should be mine.”
“Yes, my Lord,” the other man agreed.
Baylin was confused. “What does he mean the Kingdom should be his? Father is the King,” he thought.
“If you’re concerned you will be implicated, don’t worry,” Cadman whispered. “It’s easy enough to make it look like an accident. The boy is still new to fighting, particularly on horseback.”
Baylin felt sick. “He’s talking about me,” Baylin realized. He could not believe what he was hearing, even as each word was uttered.
“But, my Lord, how can killing the boy gain you the crown?” the other man’s spoke loudly.
“Shh!” Cadman hissed. “You idiot! Do you want to have us both hanged?”
“I’m sorry, my Lord,” the man said mournfully.
“We have been over this,” Cadman continued in a whisper. “If my brother dies first, his little brat inherits the throne. At that point he will be untouchable. The Queen will have him surrounded by more guards than ever, and the Kingdom would become extremely suspicious if he died following his father’s death. However, should he encounter an accident and die now, the King will have no heir. And who could be suspicious of the kind hearted King taking ill and dying of grief at the loss of his son?”
Cadman’s hushed laughter made Baylin’s blood boil. But before he had time to process all he had witnessed, he heard footsteps slowly descending the stairs from above.
Baylin had to think quickly. He backtracked down the stairs silently. He then walked back up the stairs, like before, as though he were merely headed to his room.
“Nephew!” Cadman greeted with false enthusiasm as he came into view. “Master Johan here tells me you are doing excellent in your lessons.”
Baylin was so shocked. He was certain his face had betrayed what he had overheard. The other man who was conspiring to kill him and his father was his own combat instructor. The young Prince felt a flush of confusion and anger. All he could do was nod to acknowledge Lord Cadman.
“Excellent, most excellent,” Cadman said with forced affection. “Do be careful though, dear nephew. Even practice warfare can be dangerous.”
Baylin tried hard to control the anger in his voice. “I will be sure to watch my back.”
Cadman’s expression turned slightly suspicious.
Baylin knew if he wanted to warn his father, he could not draw attention. “Thank you, Uncle, for providing Master Johan to instruct me. He has been most…informative.”
Cadman looked back and forth between Baylin and Master Johan suspiciously. “Well, yes. That’s good. I’m… I’m most pleased.”
Baylin gave a slight bow. “Uncle, do please excuse me. I must wash up for supper.”
Cadman returned a bow, all the while attempting to hide the suspicion that was written all over his face.
Baylin quickly left the pair, ascended the stairs and headed to his chamber. He hastily washed up and ran the whole way to his parents’ chamber.
Baylin felt his rage fueled hotter as he recalled the memory. His anger was not only directed at his uncle, though, he was angry with his father as well.
He had gone to his father and relayed what he had overheard, only to be disregarded as a young boy with an active imagination. His father had insisted that he had misunderstood his uncle, and that his words were only those of worry for Baylin’s well-being. 
However, Baylin could not forget the untimely death of Master Johan that very next morning. It had been ruled an accident, a broken neck as a result of a terrible fall from horseback. Baylin had known it was Cadman’s way of tying up loose ends.
Now Cadman’s tertiary was being unloaded on Luana. I will not let him do this, not to her. I’m not a boy anymore.
Baylin was pulled from his thoughts at the tinkle of the glass fragments being moved behind him. He turned to see the two handmaids sweeping up the numerous shards of the broken mirror.
“Where is she?” he demanded.
“Your Grace, the young miss is in the bath, if it pleases you,” one of the maids said.
The other maid continued, “Milady is not badly hurt, but felt she needed to be cleaned.”
“Leave us. I will have that taken care of later,” he commanded.
The maids bowed and left the room swiftly.
Baylin made his way across the bedchamber, looking at the ruins of the mirror and table. Under a large piece of glass sat a shred of Luana’s dress. As Baylin knelt down and picked it up, he fought to hold back the pain and sadness the small piece of fabric caused. 
He slowly made his way to the private bath, where he heard water being swished about as Luana bathed. 
He looked in and could see she was crying softly, scrubbing her skin as if she wanted to remove it.
“Please don’t,” he said, quickly moving to the side of the tub and grabbing her hands.
She looked up at him with teary eyes, taking small quick breaths as she tried to hold in her sobs.
“Please, let me.” He took the cloth from her hand. He began gently washing her arms and hands.
Baylin then stood, slowly removing his boots and tunic. He slipped into the warm water, trousers still on, and quietly pulled Luana to him, cradling her in his arms. 
Cupping his hand, he leaned her head back and let the water flow over her long silken hair that had been stained crimson from the scrape at her temple. He gently washed away the color, taking delicate care not to cause her further pain.
Luana looked up into Baylin’s eyes; his heart ached at the sadness reflected on her face.
As he gently washed her, Luana began to cry. Baylin held her tight against him as she softly wept into his neck.
They stayed in the bath until the water was nearly cool before he raised her from the tub and wrapped her in a white linen cloth. He carried her from the bath to the bed in the chambers and laid her beneath several furs to warm her.
As he walked away she whispered to him. “Please don’t go.”
He slowly turned, unsure if he had heard her correctly. She was sitting up in the bed with her hand reached out to him. “Please,” she murmured.
Baylin stared at her for a few moments, considering the situation. He wanted nothing more than to take her in his arms and hold her. However, he didn’t want to overstep his bounds and cause her to push away.
“Please,” she pleaded.
He nodded, removed his wet trousers and crawled into the bed next to her. He wrapped his arms around her lovingly. 
The feeling of Luana in his arms was the most wonderful thing Baylin had felt. She was precious to him, and he would die to protect her if needed. He didn’t want her for his bed wife; he never had. He just wanted her, totally and completely. 
He looked down into Luana’s emerald green eyes as she reached out and touched his bottom lip softly with her fingertips. He leaned into her slowly and brushed his lips tenderly against hers, unsure if he should. Finally, after two months of living side by side, she pulled down her walls. She tilted her head back and he leaned into the kiss.
It was not the first time Baylin had ever kissed a woman, but he could not shake the feeling of nerves within him as he did it. Her lips were soft and slightly sweet like honey. He dared to take the kiss a bit further and slid his tongue between her lips, just for a moment, caressing her tongue with his own. She responded by leaning into him. Baylin did not want to take the kiss too far just yet, so he pulled away slowly.
She searched his eyes, unknowing. “My Prince?”
“Sleep now,” he whispered gently as he stroked her face. “Close your eyes and sleep for me.” 


THE NEXT MORNING'S EVENTS CAME as no surprise to Luana. King Ashmur had summoned Prince Baylin and her immediately. Lord Cadman had gone and reported the treatment his nephew had given him. Luana feared, not only for herself, but for Baylin as well. Will he be punished for having sympathy for a worthless bed wife?
Her faithful handmaid, who Luana had learned was named Meg, dressed her in a fine violet gown with gold swirled embroidery. Luana liked the girl. Unlike the other handmaid, Meg was sweet and tended to be very chatty. Luana understood what it was like to feel as though you have no control of your life, and she could sympathize with the girl. 
Meg fashioned Luana’s long blonde hair in the traditional braids, but allowed a few strands to wisp around her face. Baylin, who had gone to speak with Ferric, entered the room just as she had finished. He gazed at Luana with longing eyes. 
A slight smile breezed across his lips. “You look lovely.”
Luana could not help but look away as she blushed. “Thank you, Your Grace.” There was such sincerity to his words, and it was hard to imagine them real. He reached out for her and she walked to him. Placing his hand at the small of her back, he led her out of the room. They weaved through various halls and numerous stairways before they had finally reached the King’s council chamber.
The chamber was beautifully decorated in rich indigo blue and had silver tapestries adorning the walls. In the center of the room was a great table, so long as to seat at least a hundred men comfortably. To the far right there was a large balcony like that in the bedchamber, only much more massive.
As she looked to her left, she saw them the King and Queen of Grasmere sitting on their high seats of honor.
Luana had never glimpsed the King before the night she was chosen to be Baylin’s bed wife. Very few in the villages had. Baylin and his uncle were generally the only members of the royal family seen outside the castle. 
King Ashmur was an older, handsome man with white flowing hair falling down his back. His beard was just as long. However, it was fashioned into a braid, adorned with gold jeweled baubles. He had a strong jawline and the same piercing blue eyes as the Prince. Luana could see how Baylin could be his son.
It was Queen Valasca who caught Luana’s attention the most. Her beauty was beyond compare. She was several years younger than the King. Her long raven hair fell down past her waist and contained a few soft white streaks that traveled down the length, gleaming in the light cast by the sunrise. Her smiling violet eyes seemed to pierce the soul, as though she was reading every thought in Luana’s mind.
“Lord Father. Mother.” Baylin spoke with a slight bow of the head.
Luana followed suit, giving a curtsey and keeping her eyes low. She did not dare speak unless spoken to.
“So this is the reason your uncle is in such a foul mood, is it?” King Ashmur grumbled. His voice was gravelly though it reflected a slightly amused tone.
“Aye, I suppose she is,” Baylin replied with a smirk.
“And why have you not yet laid with your bed wife? Do you find her unsatisfactory? Does she not arouse you?” King Ashmur’s words were blunt. The sound of them stung Luana’s heart.
“Not at all, Father,” Baylin defended. “I merely do not feel it necessary to force her to give me a son. These are old ways, ways that were defined long ago. We need not be the barbarians that the traditions have made us out to be.”
Luana looked at Baylin with the open eyes of surprise. Did he really just say that? Did he really just defend me by rebuking the traditions of the Kingdom?
“You spit on your forefathers, do you?” The slimy voice of Lord Cadman came from behind them. “Have you no honor at all, boy?”
Luana turned quickly to face him and could not help but move closer to Baylin in fear. She was glad for the strong protective arm he wrapped around her waist.
Cadman wore the wounds of the previous night’s encounter. His nose was red and swollen, both eyes were black and he bore the long scratches that she had given him on his right cheek.
“More honor than a man willing to rape a woman!” shouted Baylin. He placed Luana behind him, shielding her from his uncle’s gaze.
“I was doing you a service, boy. The whole Kingdom knows you have not yet lain with her,” Cadman hissed. “Is this what Grasmere has to look forward to? A King too scared to bed a woman?”
Baylin started to lunge forward at Cadman, but Luana clung to his arm.
Cadman drew his sword as he took heavy steps toward Baylin. His angry grimace was enough to tighten Luana’s stomach in knots.
“Enough!” commanded a voice Luana was unfamiliar with. She looked up to see Queen Valasca standing at the foot of the throne. “You dare draw your sword in anger in the presence of your King?”
Lord Cadman looked at his sword and glared at the Queen. “I will not have this boy lecture me on my rights and the traditions of this Kingdom. That bed wife should have a baby in her belly or be cast out of the Kingdom.”
“My son has the right, as the heir to this Kingdom, to do as he pleases,” Queen Valasca barked as she made her way to confront Lord Cadman.
Luana was shocked by what was taking place before her. While King Ashmur sat quietly on his throne, observing the confrontation, it was the Queen who was at the defense of Prince Baylin. How could this be?
The hostility of Queen Valasca must have hit its mark, for Cadman sheathed his sword and bowed. “My apologies, Your Grace.”
Lord Cadman stomped from the room as Queen Valasca walked over to the young couple. She stretched out a hand and tilted Luana’s chin up. “What is your name, dearest?”
“Luana, my Queen,” she fumbled. She was using all her strength to keep from shaking.
“She truly is lovely, Baylin,” the Queen said to her son while smiling warmly down at Luana.
“Yes, yes, very lovely,” the King sputtered as he rose from his throne. “Now, Baylin, you lay with her and give us an heir. Neither she, nor the Kingdom, will be safe until she has your son in her belly.”
The Queen looked up at her husband. “Ashmur, you need not be so callous. It is obvious he cares for the young lady.”
Ashmur nodded impatiently. “Yes, but this is all folly. Weighing his feelings for a bed wife is pointless. He needs to concentrate on finding the future Queen.”
The words were like a blow to the face to Luana. Baylin’s future Queen. Though she knew all along that it would eventually happen, it had never been so plainly in front of her face. Luana began to feel dizzy and nauseated. She wished they would finish so she could go back to her room – her prison.
“Father…” Baylin began.
“Enough,” the King commanded. “I want no more of this nonsense. These are the traditions, and we will keep to them as we always have. She is a very sweet thing, and I can see how you could become attached to her, but your duty is to this Kingdom, and the Kingdom needs you to marry a Princess.”
“Your Grace,” Baylin said through clenched teeth. Luana could tell he was upset. Prince Baylin placed his hand at Luana’s elbow and guided her from the room. 
Luana realized her resistance had reached its breaking point. King Ashmur’s words may have come across in kindness, but they were still a royal order. She was going to have to give the Kingdom an heir, and soon.


THE REST OF THE DAY, Luana had been slightly distant from Baylin. He made efforts to charm her and cause her to smile, but with little success.
As he sat across the table from her eating their evening meal in silence, Baylin couldn’t help but think she was pulling away from him.
“How do you find your meal?” he inquired.
Luana nodded slightly. “Good, thank you.”
Baylin reached across the table and laid his hand upon hers. “What is it? What is wrong?”
“Nothing at all, Your Grace,” she said, pulling her hand away.
Your Grace, he thought. I’ve lost her again. Baylin stared at his plate of food in silence, unable to eat. He knew it was due to his father’s harsh words about finding a wife. I don’t want anyone else. Why can’t father see that Luana is who I wish to marry?
When Luana finished her meal, she retreated to the settee and began reading a book.
Baylin walked over to the hearth, sitting down on the rug, and began stirring the fire slowly. The nights were getting much colder. It had been only two months since the harvest moon and already winter seemed to be baring its teeth at them. This would not be good for the people of Grasmere.
He turned to look at Luana in the fading light. She was still as beautiful to him as he had been that first day in the fields. If only she could love me.
Luana looked up from her book to him. “Your Grace?”
“Luana.” Baylin’s mouth went suddenly dry. Though he felt the feelings in his heart, declaring them out loud to her was another thing entirely. “I want you to be happy here.”
Luana looked down to the book in her lap. “My Prince, you have made many efforts on my behalf to do so. I can assure you that I am as happy as can be allowed.”
Baylin moved so that he was knelt on the floor at her feet and took her hands in his. His nerves were on edge. “Please, do not let what my father has said come between us. It’s just…we’ve…we’ve come so far.” He could hear the desperation in his voice, but he needed to say the words.
Luana stared at him with her sad emerald green eyes. “I will try, Your Grace.”
Baylin shook his head and gently cupped her cheek. “And don’t call me ‘Your Grace’ or ‘My Prince’ or any other titles. Please. I just want… I want to be Baylin to you.” Luana’s expression softened as she reached up and laid her hand against his that was still against her cheek.
I love you. I have to tell her. Baylin mustered his courage and opened his mouth to speak when a bang came on the chamber door. He sighed in frustration. The knock came again and he stood, walking over and opening it.
“Baylin,” said his friend Ferric. He was dressed in armor, which was highly unusual.
“What is it, my friend?” Baylin asked in a worried tone. 
“The King requests your presence immediately at war council,” Ferric said in an urgent tone.
Baylin looked back into the room at Luana, who was now standing, staring at the two.
He turned back to his friend. “Give me a moment.” Ferric nodded his head in a slight bow.
Baylin slowly closed the door. He knew something was wrong. For all he knew, they very well could be at war.
He turned to Luana. “I must go.”
There was worry and fear in her eyes. “You’re not going to battle, are you?”
He crossed the room and took her in his arms. “Dearest, it will be fine. I’m sure it’s just more planning. My father is ever vigilant in protecting the borders of the Kingdom.”
Baylin embraced her, all the while knowing he was lying to her. He was certain that trouble was brewing.
Luana laid her head against Baylin’s chest and sighed deeply. He was certain she would be able to hear his heart racing. Her very touch caused a heat to rise within him. The Prince leaned his head against hers, breathing in the sweet smell of her hair. She always smelled of spring rains and lilac. If I could stay with you tonight, just like this, it would be enough.
He tilted Luana’s chin, looking into her eyes. “I will return to you shortly. Do not worry for me.”
Baylin had to admit to himself that her worry gave him hope. Perhaps she could grow to love me.
Baylin kissed Luana’s forehead. I love you. If only I could tell you.
He turned and quickly left the room. Ferric was waiting on the stairs for him as he made his way up to King Ashmur’s war room.
The halls to the room were covered in great paintings that depicted the history of their people, especially the Battle of Embers.
Nearly a thousand years ago, the great Keld Kingdom of Grasmere had been established when the castle was first forged in the belly of the mountain.
Over the centuries, the prosperity of Grasmere had come from Mount Shadowcast itself, which was a constant supply of diamonds and sapphires. The vast wealth of the Keld brought traders and merchants from all corners of the land, allowing the villages of Grasmere to thrive in peace and prosperity.
However, this did not last. Darkness slowly crept over the lands of Grasmere. In the night, it had been rumored that large numbers of mountain, forest and even river trolls were seen crossing the fields and streams.
King Aron sent out an army of his best warriors to sweep the trolls out of the Kingdom, but it was too late. The lands were teaming with trolls from all corners of the earth.
The Battle of Embers raged on for nearly twenty years. Keld men and women alike met the enemy in battle, defending the Kingdom, their lands and their people.
In the end, the Keld defeated the troll armies by setting the fields and forests ablaze. Any of the beasts that survived slunk back into the mountains, forests and streams they came from. The Keld may have won the battle, but they had nothing to celebrate. The Kingdom had been laid to waste and the royal line was all but gone but for a handful of Lords and Ladies meant to carry on the bloodline.
Over the years the royal family grew due to the practice of taking bed wives. However, the troll problem was a threat that was present in the minds of all those within the Kingdom.
“My Lord Father, what is the matter?” Baylin asked with a bow.
“Baylin, Rivermouth is under attack. A small band of water trolls has sieged the village and set several buildings near the water’s edge on fire,” the old King explained.
“Then I shall take my men and disperse the riffraff this very night,” Baylin said, followed by cheers from his guard.
“Shouldn’t the Prince be busy giving us an heir to the throne instead of playing at war?” Lord Cadman’s sinister voice came from the corner of the room.
Baylin clenched his teeth as he faced his uncle. The entire room went static at the tension between the two. It was no secret that there was no love between the two. However, after Cadman’s treatment of Luana, Baylin would like nothing more than to physically remove him from the Kingdom.
King Ashmur made little work of calling out the two. “Enough. There will be none of that. Cadman, if you cannot keep your words to the battle, feel free to leave.”
“Your Grace,” Cadman said with a bow to King Ashmur and then turned and winked at Baylin.
The heat of Baylin’s anger was boiling.
King Ashmur turned to his son. “Baylin, you will take a party of your best men to destroy these trolls tonight. We do not have the luxury of time to wait for dawn. Cadman reports that there were roughly two dozen seen within the village, so you should be able to eradicate them quickly.”
“Your Grace,” Baylin said with a bow. He nodded to Ferric who, along with fifteen other men, followed him out the door.

BAYLIN AND HIS MEN GALLOPED down the road to Rivermouth under the light of a full moon. They were fortunate in that fact, for traveling under a new moon was treacherous.
As they came upon the village, they could see the fire blazing and hear the people’s screams. They made their way through the village as Baylin called out to the people. “Go back to your homes. Lock your doors, stay inside.” 
He cared about the people and wanted to keep them safe. We must protect the villagers. One life lost is one too many.
On the other side of the village they finally arrived at the dock. The heat from the blaze from the surrounding buildings made Baylin’s armor feel especially heavy.
“Stay together, men,” Baylin ordered, unsheathing his sword. The curved silver blade gleamed in the light of the dancing flames.
The smell of the trolls was thick in the air. Their slime-matted fur gave them a stench of a wet dog mixed with rotting fish. It was not uncommon to smell them coming before you actually saw them.
Baylin urged his horse slowly down the water’s edge, tailed by his men.
It was then that he saw them popping up from out of the water and crawling onto the dock. The water trolls’ pale blue fur and iridescent, frog-like eyes gleamed silver in the moonlight. Water trolls were nocturnal creatures and lacked any formidable abilities except that of sheer numbers. This lot carried crude, handmade weapons of rock and roughly forged metals.
The Prince gave the signal for attack as he and his men rode their great steeds into the thick of the troll pack.
Baylin began cutting down trolls left and right with great ease, but as his foes fell, more began to emerge from the water and take part in the attack. Baylin and his men had been led into a trap.


IT HAD BEEN NEARLY A week since Prince Baylin had been summoned from the chamber to attend King Ashmur’s war council. Luana had not seen, nor been given word of the Prince’s whereabouts. She was certain if something had happened someone would have gotten word to her. Don’t be a fool, of course nothing has happened to him. Don’t think like that. Luana paced the room, her nerves getting more and more unraveled. Her heart ached for Baylin. Where was he?
Panicked, heartbreaking thoughts ran through Luana’s mind as she paced the cool, smooth stone floors. Perhaps the King has found Baylin a Queen. Maybe Baylin has decided he is tired of waiting.
Both of her handmaids came into the room to clean up the remains of Luana’s breakfast. She had again left her meal untouched.
“Milady, you must eat,” one of the maids pleaded. “You must keep up your health so when you are with child…”
“How can I become with child when the Prince will not even see me?” Luana snapped. She felt instantly guilty for taking her frustrations out on the girl and gave her an apologetic look.
The maid gave a soft bow. “Apologies, Miss.” The maid carried the dishes from the room quietly.
Her other maid, Meg, guided Luana to a chair situated in front of a mirror and began the daily task of brushing her long silver-blonde hair. Luana looked up into Meg’s face in the reflection, searching for some kind of sign but found none. 
She turned her gaze toward the window, watching the clouds roll by.
Her thoughts took her back to the days after Cadman’s rebuke of Baylin and her friendship when they were young.
The days that followed had been lonely to say the least. Luana found herself wandering lonely in the field and the forest to make time pass.
The day had been particularly hot, so Luana lay in the grass beneath the shade of a tree on the bed of the forest. She had nearly fallen asleep when she heard the sound of something or someone running toward her. For the first time, she was truly scared. 
She stood up, turned, preparing to run for her home, when an arm reached out from behind a tree and grabbed her, pulling her toward them.
“Baylin!” Luana could not contain her happiness. She threw her arms around his neck and squeezed him tightly.
Baylin returned the hug. “I’m sorry I scared you. I don’t have much time.”
“However did you get away?” Luana asked, breaking the embrace.
“They think I’m sick in my chamber,” Baylin said with a sly smile. “I’m supposed to be in bed asleep.”
Luana giggled taking Baylin’s hands in her own. “Are you running away?” She had secretly hoped he was.
Baylin shook his head. “No, I can’t run away. I have to be King someday, remember?”
“Well, then, why have you come?” Luana asked, still clinging to his hands. She did not want to let them go. She didn’t want to let him slip from her life again.
Baylin looked sad. Luana didn’t like it. She preferred him smiling and laughing with her.
“I can’t be your friend anymore,” Baylin said, looking down at his feet.
“Why not?” Luana asked confused, dropping his hands.
“You heard Uncle Cadman. He’s forbidden it,” Baylin said, frustrated, plopping down on the ground next to a tree.
Luana sat down next to him. “He can stop us from spending time together, but that doesn’t mean we aren’t still friends.”
Baylin looked up at Luana, hopeful. “How can we stay friends if we can’t be together?”
“We make a promise,” Luana said with a smile on her face. “We promise that we will never forget each other. And when you are King, we can spend time together again.”
Baylin smiled weakly at Luana. “I will never forget you. I promise.”
Luana wrapped her arms around Baylin’s neck. “I promise you will always be my best friend Baylin. I love you.”
“I love you, Luana,” Baylin replied, squeezing her tighter.
I love you. The words resonated in Luana’s mind as she thought of her young friend.
All these years she had loved him from afar. Never forgetting, secretly hoping he still cared for her. Had she really been so blind? For months she had discouraged Baylin, was so cold and unkind to him. 
Hot tears began to gather in Luana’s eyes so quickly she could not stop them from streaming down her pale cheeks.
Meg knelt to her knees beside Luana and wiped the tears away with a soft cloth. “Oh, Milady, please don’t cry.”
“I… I can’t help it,” Luana sobbed. “Why does he not come to me?”
“Milady, I’m not supposed to say, but I feel I must,” the young girl whispered. “I have news of Prince Baylin.”
“Please!” Luana exclaimed, grabbing the handmaid’s hand. “Meg, you must tell me!”
“You know a week ago, when His Grace was summoned to King Ashmur’s war council?” the maid asked nervously.
“Yes, what of it?” Luana inquired, desperate for the girl to get to the point.
“Well,” Meg continued, “the King sent His Grace to Rivermouth that very night to clear the village of some water trolls that had started burning buildings down by the docks.” Luana’s heart sank, Baylin had gone into battle.
“And… and His Grace?” Luana asked.
“His Grace was injured,” she murmured. “He and his guard were ambushed. There were many more trolls than first believed.”
Luana slid from the chair and sank to her knees as the young girl attempted to hold her up. “How…. how is he?”
“I’m not sure, Milady. They say he saved many of the men that day. They say no one would have made it back if not for his bravery,” the maid stammered while wrapping a shawl around Luana’s shoulders.
“But how is he? Where is he? Is he even alive?” Luana was beside herself with grief. She had failed him. Baylin had saved her, protected her and maybe even loved her. She had left him with no heir, and he could be very well dying.
“He stays in Master Keon’s medical chamber.” The young girl looked over her shoulder and then moved to Luana’s ear with a whisper. “He asks for you, Milady. I heard Master Keon’s handmaid say he calls out your name day and night.”
Luana’s heart swelled and broke at the same time. He did care for her, truly he did. But now, when she wanted to be with him most, she was not allowed.
Luana sat silently for a few moments and then turned to her handmaid. “Could you take me to him?”
Meg jumped back startled. “But Milady is not allowed to leave the chamber. It is forbidden.”
“Yes, I know they say it is, but Prince Baylin is the heir of the Kingdom and he is calling for me. He needs me,” she pleaded. “Please, Meg, can you take me to him?”
The maid stood up and backed away from Luana. “I simply can’t, Milady.”
Luana cried into the palms of her hands. He may die; I may never see him again.
Her sobs were loud and heart wrenching. She could not hold in the pain of all that had happened. In her thoughts, she could see his sad face – all the times her stubbornness caused him grief.
Oh my love. She cried into her hands. I am sorry. I love you, if I could just tell you that I love you.
The maid knelt down beside Luana. “Milady.”
Luana looked up with tear-streaked eyes, she felt completely lost without Baylin.
The maid sat quietly studying Luana. “There… there is a way. But if I were to get caught...”
“I would tell them I escaped of my own accord,” Luana said with desperation in her voice. “Meg, I would die before I laid blame to you. Just please, take me to him.”
The girl got up and walked over to the door, peeking outside before locking it. She returned to Luana’s side and whispered. “Tonight, when I come to retrieve your supper tray, you must be ready.”


BAYLIN LAY IN AGONIZING PAIN while his fever burned him from the inside out.
The problem with the trolls had been grossly underestimated. He and his men were lucky to have gotten out alive.
When Baylin had realized he and his men were in the middle of a trap, he called for his men to fall back. He stayed behind to allow his men time to regroup. He knew it had been a reckless move, but he felt a duty to his men. 
Baylin’s sharp sword glistened purple with blood as he slashed through troll flesh like a hot knife through butter, yet still more came. The shrill cries of his foes rang out as they were struck down.
Baylin’s horse whinnied nervously and reared up at the throng of trolls that approached. Heavy hooves slammed down on the wooden dock as a clamor of countless feet came running up on them.
A large troll grabbed Baylin’s arm that held his sword with a slimy clawed hand. As he struggled with the beast, he heard the sound of oncoming hooves and the great bellow of a war horn. His men were sounding an attack.
Arrows whistled as they cut through the air, hitting their marks left and right.
Baylin still fought with the troll who had his arm. He reached for his knife in his belt. Rising in his stirrups for leverage, he slashed down at the beast’s chest. It shrieked out in pain and stumbled backward. Just as Baylin regained his grip on his sword and was about to strike, the troll was ensnared in a heavy fishing net thrown from behind them. A man from the village came up and stabbed the troll straight through the chest with a large spear.
Baylin turned and saw that the villagers had taken part in the battle. Wielding fishing spears, knives and nets, the villagers were fighting just as bravely as his men.
The night air resonated with the sounds of screams from both troll and man alike.
Though the trolls were many in number, they were greatly outmatched in skill and they began to retreat into the black water from where they came.
A troll had hold of one of his men and was carrying him to the water’s edge. Baylin spurred his horse on, cutting off the troll’s path. The brute dropped the guard and swung an improvised ax at the Prince. Baylin swung his sword high and brought it down, cutting it deep down into the monster’s head.
With his attention on the troll he was slaying, another slunk from the water and planted his crude ax into Baylin’s left thigh. Baylin cut off the beast’s arm before beheading it and then fell from his horse in excruciating pain.
Baylin couldn’t remember the journey back to the castle, only the pain. Days upon days of pain.
Master Keon was administering salves and teas to help bring down the fever, but he felt as though his condition was getting worse by the day.
The room was dimly lit with beeswax candles that gave the room a dark orange glow. Unlike the other rooms in the castle, this room was entirely round with a high peaked ceiling due to being in a tower.
Baylin’s eyes fluttered back and forth between various handmaids, Master Keon and the door. I must get to Luana.
Even in his ill state, Baylin’s regret was Luana. You coward. You’re going to die here and she will never know you loved her. The Kingdom will not have an heir because you were too scared to admit your true feelings. He scolded himself through the waves of pain.
He cried out, for what seemed like the hundredth time, for her. “Luana! Please I just want to see her.”
Master Keon’s maid held down Baylin as the physician administered a burning salve to the gash in his thigh. Baylin let out a deep-throated scream of pain as the salve bubbled and drew infection out.
“Please, I beg you, send for Luana.” Baylin pleaded with a handmaid, sweat running down his face. If I’m going to die I want to see her one last time.
The maid looked from Baylin to Master Keon. She looked conflicted and confused.
The girl made for the door but the physician scolded her. “You will do no such thing!”
Fury bubbled up in the Prince. “Do as I command!”
 “You know that’s forbidden,” the old Master squeaked. “Besides, what could she do to possibly improve your condition?”
 “Luana,” Baylin called out miserably, trying to lift himself from the bed.
Master Keon commanded the maids. “Hold him down. It’s just the fever; he’s delirious. We must get the fever down.”
“Do as I command. I am not delirious!” Baylin struggled against the many hands holding him down. In any other case, he would have been no match for them, however in his weakened state, he simply had no strength.
Baylin heard the door open and the Master’s screeching voice. “About time, I need more hands. Hold him down so I can administer this cooling tonic.” 
Baylin felt cool hands touch his face as another handmaid felt his head for fever.
“Please,” he said in a whispered tone looking up at the girl. The fever was so bad that his vision was slightly blurred; his eyes were having trouble adjusting.
“Luana?” Baylin asked, looking up at her as though his eyes were playing a cruel trick on him. She wore a brown dress and creamy cowl, just like all the other housemaids in the castle.
“I am here,” she whispered with a soft smile. “I am here.”
The room went utterly still with quiet as realization took all who were within. 
Master Keon yelled. “What are you doing here? You are not allowed in here! You’re not allowed out of your chambers.”
Luana’s tone cut through the old Master. “And do you think you can stop me?”
Baylin could hear the anger in Master Keon’s voice. “You dare speak to me in such a manner, bed wife? Your end in this castle is near at hand!”
“And I will stay at my Lord’s side until that day presents itself.” Luana spoke while looking into Baylin’s eyes. It was then that he realized that she was there because she cared about him. Could she truly love me?
“Leave us,” Baylin commanded. Even in his weakened state, all were required to obey him.
“Your Grace,” Master Keon begged, “I must…”
“I said leave us,” Prince Baylin boomed as a cough set into his lungs. Every cough was like a fire set inside of him; he felt as though he could very well be dying. 
When they were finally alone, Luana kissed Baylin’s forehead gently. “You’re burning.”
“I am fine.” He grunted as he tried to sit up in the bed.
“No, don’t!” she exclaimed, putting a gentle hand against his chest. “Please, let me help.”
He watched as she ran over to the Master’s cabinets and gathered various bottles of herbs, crushed them to powder with a mortar and pestle and mixed them with hot water from the fire.
She ran to Baylin’s side with the concoction. “This is going to taste horrible, but it will bring down the fever and help to relax you.”
Even through his pain, he smirked and joked. “You’re not trying to poison me, are you?”
Luana smiled warmly at him. “If I wanted to kill you, I would have left you in the hands of Master Keon.”
Baylin gave a painful laugh before drinking the horrible-tasting herbs with a sour face. He lay back on the bed and looked at Luana. She would most certainly tell him that it was the tea, but he felt that her presence made the pain melt away. “How do you know about healing?” 
Luana wiped his neck and chest with a cool, wet cloth. “My mother taught me, and her mother taught her. Some things I have learned on my own. In the village, we haven’t the convenience of refined physicians and royal healers. Those with a gift for it learn to take what the land has to offer and heal as best we can.”
Luana dipped the cloth in the cool water and continued to run it along Baylin’s bare skin. 
The sensation was pure pleasure to Baylin; he hardly remembered the pain in his leg. He could not help but feel hopeful. “You risked your very life coming here.”
Luana blushed softly, the way Baylin liked. “It was a risk I was willing to take.”
Baylin reached up and pulled Luana’s face closer to his. He wanted to declare his love to her. But before Luana had a chance to lean into the kiss, the door of the room burst open.
Standing in the doorway stood Master Keon along with four very large guards.
“Take her to the dungeon!” commanded the old man.
As the guards made their way toward the bed, Baylin mustered enough strength to hold up a hand. “Halt!”
The guards stopped and stood at attention.
Master Keon quickly hobbled over to the bed. “My Prince Baylin, you do not know what you say! She has deliberately disobeyed the rules of this Kingdom. She left the confines of the chamber and has defied all within the Kingdom.”
Baylin was irritated and in too much pain to deal with the stubborn old man. “Master Keon, you are to make arrangements to have me returned to my chambers with all the necessary herbs and remedies Luana needs. As my bed wife, she is in charge of my recovery now. Do you understand?”
Master Keon seemed flabbergasted. “I have never… She isn’t even a physician… How can you…”
Baylin repeated slowly and firmly. “Do you understand?”
The old man’s jaw dropped in shock, but he quickly recovered his composure and simply exuded pure rage. “As you wish, Your Grace.”


THE BATTLE WOUND BAYLIN RECEIVED had been much greater than anyone had let on. The damage to his leg was extreme, and the lack of care had allowed it to fester. The trolls had done a great harm to him, and Master Keon seemed to have helped them finish the job.
She was no physician, but Luana had spent enough time healing the sick in her village to know how to treat Baylin. Master Keon was practiced in very old ways, masking the pain without treating the wound.
That first night was the scariest for Luana. She had spent the entire day making her teas and creating salves to fight off the fever and infection. She felt they were working, but in the middle of the night Baylin cried out in pain. She ran to his side and put her hands on his face, he was burning.
“Baylin!” she cried.
He moaned, somewhat unresponsive, but in obvious pain.
Luana took a wet cloth and began wiping his body down with it. My love, if I could only but take your place, I would.
Luana was scared for Baylin. “Please, you must fight. I love you. You must fight for us.”
Luana had to admit to herself that it was very true. She had loved him all along but had not wanted to admit it.
“Baylin?” Luana dipped the rag in a bowl of cool water and ran it over his forehead.
“Then I shall take my men and disperse the riffraff this very night, Father,” Baylin muttered.
“What?” Luana asked, continuing to wipe him down.
“Go back to your homes. Lock your doors, stay inside,” Baylin mumbled. “Stay together, men.”
Luana began to panic. “Baylin.”
The fever was so intense that it was making Baylin delirious. He murmured incoherent words as his head tossed back and forth.
Luana started to shake him to bring him. “Baylin, wake up!”
Baylin’s eyes flashed open and he responded with a backhand across the face, knocking her to the floor. “You did this to me.”
“Baylin!” she cried, holding her face. “You do not know what you say. The fever, it confuses you.”
He stood up from the bed, letting out an angry groan at the pain resonating from his wounded leg. “Cadman, you traitor, you did this!”
“Please, my love, it’s me,” she pleaded, maneuvering herself so that a table stood between her and the Prince. “You must lie down and rest. Let me get you more tea for the pain.”
Baylin lunged at Luana, knocking the table aside. She tried to flee, but Baylin grabbed her by the arm and yanked her to him. She tried to fight back, pushing against his chest and face, but he began to shake her furiously. There was only one way to escape his grip; she took her knee and buried it in his wound. 
Baylin released the young woman, hitting the ground as he screamed in pain.
The door of the chamber burst open with a thud. It was Baylin’s guard and friend, Ferric.
“Baylin,” he called out, running toward the Prince.
“Be careful,” Luana warned. “The fever, he doesn’t know what he’s doing.”
Ferric knelt beside Baylin, attempting to help him up. What he was greeted with was an elbow to the jaw.
“Hold him down,” Luana said as she ran over to the apothecary supplies she had been given and dug through the bottles. She grabbed the bottle of valerian root and poured most of the contents into her hand. She rubbed her hands together, slightly crushing and mixing the dried herbs.
Ferric was wrestling to keep Baylin still as Luana ran to Baylin’s side. “I’m sorry, my love.” She held the handful of herbs over his mouth and nose as he fought against Ferric.
Baylin struggled weakly but was quickly sedated by the strong concentration of herbs and fell into Luana’s lap.
Ferric stared from Baylin back to Luana, and again, looking confused and unsure of what to do.
Luana sat back with her unconscious Prince in her arms and wept.

THE FOLLOWING MORNING BAYLIN WOKE groggily from the sleeping herbs. He had, somehow, been moved to the bed, and his arms and legs were tied to it with rope.
As his eyes adjusted to the room, he could just barely see Luana sitting on the floor with her head against the bed. She was asleep. She had a red and purple bruise across her left cheek.
Cadman! he thought, sure that his uncle had abused her again. But as he struggled to sit up, he felt the tight grip of ropes around his arms.
Baylin looked at the restraints and then back to Luana’s bruised cheek. Realization took hold as flashes of memory from the night before came into his thoughts. “No.”
Luana woke with a start, moving quickly to Baylin’s side. “My Lord, you are all right.” 
She placed her hand on his face and sighed. “Thank the gods the fever has broken.”
Baylin stared at her cheek. “I didn’t… I would never… Did I?”
“You were not yourself,” she comforted. “I do not even think you knew it was me in the room.”
Baylin’s heart ached; he had hurt her. Will she ever forgive me?
“I’m so sorry,” he said, trying to reach for her face through the ropes.
“It was the fever,” Luana said forgivingly, beginning to untie the constraints.
“How were you able to…” Baylin began.
Luana smiled gently. “Your friend Ferric can be very helpful.”
Baylin was even more ashamed knowing Ferric witnessed the occurrence.
When he was freed from his confines, Baylin pulled Luana to him and kissed her bruised cheek tenderly. “Please know that I would never hurt you.”
She caressed his face lovingly. “I know, and you should know I never wish to be from your side again.”
Baylin wrapped his arms around Luana and sighed. The comfort of those words was more powerful a remedy than any herb.
I love you. The words were on his lips, but he could not gather the nerve to say them.


THE WEEKS THAT FOLLOWED WERE much more pleasant and peaceful. Queen Valasca had pardoned Luana for her defiant behavior toward Master Keon. She stated that it was the young lady’s love for her son that drove her to do it. Luana had a strong feeling that the Queen knew it to be true, as opposed to an excuse.
Prince Baylin grew stronger each day, and with the treatments Luana was giving him, he was now able to walk with little pain.
One morning Baylin announced, “I will be gone until after nightfall. I am summoned to the King’s war council. It will be late.”
“You’re not going to fight again, are you?” Luana asked worried as she made her way across the room to him. She had gotten so used to his constant presence that the idea of spending a day away from him made her feel ill.
“No, no fighting; just planning,” he reassured her with a kiss on the forehead before heading out the door.
It bothered Luana that Baylin had not actually kissed her lips since that night he had bathed her. Mind you, there had been several interrupted opportunities. However, he seemed so guarded in his affections as of late, and it concerned Luana deeply. She had grown to truly love Baylin, and she found herself longing for him.

THAT EVENING, LUANA CALLED FOR her handmaids to draw a milk-and-rose water bath like they had that first night she was presented to Prince Baylin. The maids washed her hair, but instead of braiding it, they let it fall long down her back. Luana’s handmaids dressed her in a sheer indigo night dress that cut deep in the back and tied behind the neck. 
Tonight she would present herself to him again, and this time, she would happily take his seed. She was going to make love to this man and give him a son.
Luana lay in the bed and waited. She waited for hours and hours, wondering if Baylin would ever return.
She made her way out onto the balcony to look over the Kingdom. The evening air was very cold. The winter solstice was just a day away and the night air gave clue to its arrival. Could he be out there fighting again? Had he been called back out to Rivermouth?
As she gazed out over the Kingdom, she did not hear Baylin enter the bedchamber. 
Luana turned to return to the chamber and saw Baylin standing at the mouth of the balcony. She gasped slightly in surprise. 
“I’m sorry if I scared you,” he apologized. “You look stunning tonight.”
Even from where he stood, Luana could tell he was admiring her form. The way the nearly translucent fabric hugged her hips and thighs. How her silvery hair flowed down her back, shining in the moonlight. She hoped he was pleased with how she appeared.
Baylin walked to her, taking Luana’s hand and pulling her in close with his strong arms. The smell of his skin was intoxicating to her. Deep and rich, like the earth mixed with leather and fresh air on a sunny day. She gazed up into his eyes, silver in the moonlight. She wanted to beg him to take her, but she refused to rush the moment. They had both been waiting for far too long. Luana reached up and ran her fingertips down the length of his strong jaw and over to his lips, tracing the outline of them. Rising on her toes, she stretched to reach his lips with her own.
As their lips came together, Baylin pulled Luana up into his arms and leaned into the kiss, grazing the inside of her upper lip with his tongue. Luana wrapped her arms around his neck, gently twisting her fingers in his jet-black hair. When they finally broke their embrace, Luana felt a degree of embarrassment. She did not know what to do next. That first night was easy. She was expected to bed him, and he was the one to tell her what to do. Now she was trying to bed him and had no clue where to start.
Thankfully, Baylin needed little more encouragement than he had already received.
He leaned in, kissing her again, while reaching behind her neck and pulling at the tie that lay there. The dress collected at her feet, exposing her body to him. The cold night air whirled around her naked body. The sensation only added to Luana’s excitement.
Luana reached up and began removing his leather jerkin, revealing his muscular chest in the moonlight. She slid the jerkin off his shoulders, letting it fall on the smooth polished stone floor of the balcony.
Nervously, she leaned in and kissed his chest as she ran her fingertips lightly against his stomach, outlining the curves of his muscles.
Baylin wrapped his arms around Luana’s waist, lifting her up as he kissed her neck and worked his way down. He delicately kissed her breasts. The warmth of his mouth against her night-cooled skin sent waves of chills over her body. She wrapped her legs around his waist; the tingling between her thighs was becoming more than she could bear.
Baylin continued to kiss Luana as he carried her inside and over to the bed. Laying her down gently, he continued to kiss down her stomach to her hips. The warm caresses sent lightning through her body, causing her to tremble and moan. He kissed the inside of her thighs, making his way farther up.
When Baylin’s mouth found her flower, she let out a loud sigh of pleasure. Within moments, Luana’s body was on the verge of climax. She cried out as she arched her back and let the pleasure flow over her body. She had never felt anything like it in her life.
Baylin stood before her and unlaced his pants, letting them fall to the floor. Luana gazed at his body silhouetted in the moonlight. Both her body and her heart desired for him.
Luana had heard that losing your maidenhood could hurt, but all she could think of was how she wanted to feel him inside her.
Baylin crawled on top of her, pressing his hard shaft against her. He kissed her tenderly on the lips, caressing her face as he broke through and penetrated her for the first time.
The pain was mixed with pleasure as she gasped loudly at the feeling, her back arching as she received him. When she looked up, his eyes were fixed on hers. His face was a thousand emotions – worried, nervous, joy, loving, pleasure, pain – it was all there.
He attempted to speak, but his voice broke and he looked away. She cupped his face, turning his eyes back to hers. “What is it?”
“You should know…” he started.
Luana stared at him; she could tell he was as nervous as she was.
“What is it?” she asked him, stroking his cheek.
“I want you to know that our child will be born into a world where his father loves his mother.” Baylin stared deeply into Luana’s eyes.
Luana stroked his face and whispered, “And I love you, Baylin.”
Baylin leaned in and kissed Luana deeply, thrusting gently as he made love to her.
Luana’s senses were on edge as Baylin ran a hand up her thigh, plunging deeper within her.
She couldn’t help but dig her nails into his back, but the sensation seemed to only fuel Baylin’s passion as his strokes got quicker and slightly harder.
Luana’s body began to tremble as the feeling of Baylin’s movement inside her caused climax to approach.
Luana let out a loud moan as her body gave into the pleasure. Baylin, too, groaned in ecstasy and she felt Baylin’s shaft swell and spill his seed within her.
Baylin laid his head against Luana’s breast as they both took deep panting breathes in their exhaustion.
As she lay stroking his hair, Luana could not help but pray. Gods be good, let me give him a son.

Love brought them together. Would tradition tear them apart?

Enjoy this sneak peek of
The Heir
Book two in The Bed Wife Chronicles

THE PRINCE HAD RISEN EARLY, before dawn. He found little time to sleep, and when he did, his dreams were filled of violence and death. He longed for the days when he slept all night with Luana in his arms. He wanted more than anything to return to Grasmere and be with Luana while she carried his child, but he could not abandon Mirstone without being certain the trolls had been banished.
He stood up from the bed and pulled on a pair of black trousers to cover his nakedness. Making his way across the tent, he lit a couple of candles on the long table that he and his men used for planning strategy and discussing battle plans. The candles fanned orange colors against the papers that were strewn across the table. Baylin sat down near where the candlelight was brightest and began studying the maps of the area, yet again. He had spent more time than he could count going over the maps. There must be a hidden pass somewhere. The Prince was certain that many of the troll hordes had somehow escaped both the fire and his men’s swords.
As he studied the maps, his eyes began to weigh heavy on him. The dim light and loss of sleep made his eyes flutter as they struggled to stay open. Before he knew it, sleep had taken him.
Baylin was in his bed chamber in Grasmere. The rising sun shone through the window and threw a blanket of orange over the room. He felt the comfort of his soft bed beneath him and the warmth of Luana’s body snug against his own. The sensation of their bodies touching aroused him.
The Prince reached out and placed a hand on Luana’s hip. She stirred sleepily and turned to him smiling.
Baylin ran his hand across her waist and laid it against her slender stomach. His eyes flashed from her stomach to her face as panic took hold. “Our child, where is…”
“Shh,” Luana placed a finger gently against his lips to quiet him. “Your son is healthy and fine. Would you like to meet him?”
Baylin’s face lit up in a wide grin as he sat up in the bed. “A son? I have a son?”
Luana smiled warmly and left the bed, walking over to a small ornately carved wood cradle just beyond the end of the bed.
Baylin rose to his feet slowly as he watched Luana bend over and pick up a soft, round, rosy-cheeked baby. His heart caught in his throat as she carried the baby to him.
Luana smiled as she presented the child. “Baylin, I’d like you to meet your son.”
“My son? My son.” Baylin didn’t even try to stop the tears. He happily let them flow freely as Luana placed the cooing, wiggly bund in his arms.
Baylin leaned in and kissed the baby boy on the top of the head. The youngster wiggled at the touch of the Prince’s scratchy beard.
Luana giggled, “He’s perfect, isn’t he?”
Baylin looked up at Luana through tear filled eyes. “Yes. Perfect. You both are.”
Luana came up on the tips of her toes to kiss Baylin gently on the lips. She then slid the baby from his arms and placed it back in the cradle ever so gently. She then turned back to him and playfully pushed him backward until he fell back on the bed.
Luana climbed on top of Baylin, straddling him and leaned in to kiss him. “I’ve missed you.”
“And I, you,” Baylin ran his hands along the curve of her hips as Luana began gently grinding against him.
Luana’s kiss became more intense as she tore at the laces of his tunic, attempting to remove it. “Make love to me.”
Her words stirred him. It had been so long since he had been able to gaze upon her. He wanted to show her how much he loved her. The sensation of her mounting him sent waves of pleasure over his body. As she began to push her hips back and forth, he grabbed her waist, guiding her lunges as he thrust inside her.
Baylin moaned as he felt himself coming close to the edge. He closed his eyes as his body shuttered, waiting for the pleasure to come. Just as climax was upon him Luana screamed out in terror.
His eyes flew open, the sun’s warm rays were gone, and the room had gone completely dark. He could feel Luana and hear her screams, but the room was black as night.
“Luana!” Baylin screamed, grabbing hold of her.
The chamber came to light. In an instant it turned to night and the room was filled with thousands of candles dripping deep red drops of blood on the floor. Baylin’s eyes adjusted and he could see Luana before him, with a sword stuck through her, blood running down her front. The sword was suddenly removed and Luana fell in a heap on top of him.
“No!” Baylin screamed out in terror as he took Luana in his arms. “No! What is this?”
Luana was on the brink of death, gasping with every breath. “I… I told you… she… Isla… Cad…”
“Luana!” The Prince cried out as tears ran down his face. He shook her fiercely but she would not wake. Luana lay dead in his arms as he cried her name.
Baylin heard a sinister laugh and a baby cry from behind him. He turned quickly at the sound to find Princess Isla standing there, holding a blood soaked sword.
The Prince laid Luana down on the bed and turned to face Isla. “Why? Why would you do this?”
The Princess continued to laugh, but did not say a word.
Anger and hatred boiled in Baylin’s veins. Just as he was about to lunge at her he heard the baby cry again. He turned his head to see Lord Cadman holding his son cupped in one arm and holding a dagger with the other hand.
“My son,” Baylin pleaded. “Please do not harm him. Do what you will with me, but please don’t.”
Lord Cadman sauntered up to Baylin as though Luana had not just died in his arms. “Now why would I harm the heir of Grasmere? We need him alive.”
Baylin was confused. “We?”
Princess Isla laughed again. Her eyes bleed to black and a serpentine forked tongue slid out of her mouth, kissing the air.
“What is this?” Baylin asked as terror filled his thoughts. “Why do you need my son?”
Cadman’s eyes appeared to glow crimson as he fixed his gaze on Baylin. “The heir is mine.”
Baylin screamed out in agony as he felt the sharp pain of Cadman thrusting the dagger deep into his stomach.
Prince Baylin woke with a jerk. As he looked around his tent, gathering his senses, he saw that the sun had risen. He could hear the sound of birds singing and the muffled rumble of men talking. It was only a dream. He was covered in a cold sweat, his heart still racing from the intensity of the nightmare. 
He stood, trying to shake off the tingling of terror that still flowed through his veins. It was only a dream. He walked to the opening of the tent and threw back the flap, letting the cool morning air kiss his skin. The sensation helped to wake his senses and calm him. It was only a dream.

AUTHOR LINKS
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/AuthorSuzannaLynn
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AuthorSuzannaLynn
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Suzanna_Lynn
Website: https://www.suzannalynn.com
ALSO BY SUZANNA LYNN

The Bed Wife Chronicles
The Bed Wife
The Heir
The Queen
The Bed Wife Chronicles: Collector’s Edition

The Untold Stories
Hook’s Little Mermaid
Red’s Tangled Tale
Wolf’s Beautiful Beast (coming soon)

The Mythical Shorts
Medusa’s Curse
Bastet’s Gift (coming soon)

Stand Alone Books
Queen of His Heart
The Drowning Girl Murders (coming soon)

