THE DRAGON'S SLAVE
(Book 1 of the Amber Aerie Lords series)
BY LACEY ST. SIN

Copyright 2016 Lacey St.Sin
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Foremost I would like to thank my Husband and children for putting up with me on this wild ride to publishing.
Thanks to my family for believing in me, especially my sister Megan McIllwraith for her diligent reading and re-reading and re-re-reading of the book.
I would also like to thank:
Clarrissa Yeo at Yolca Designs for the beautiful cover
Shannon VanSach for editing
And you, the reader, who are taking a chance on me.
None of this would be possible without you.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
CHAPTER 22
CHAPTER 23
CHAPTER 24
CHAPTER 25
CONTACT THE AUTHOR
SNEAK PEAK AT THE DRAGON'S ROGUE
CHAPTER 1
Gayriel smoothed the soft rumple of silk at her waist. The dress, both revealing and flattering, fit with perfection. Blood red silk strained across the bodice and tumbled over her hips, lined with deep black lace, all chosen to accent her olive skin and thick waves of charcoal hair. And it did its job. Of course it did. Everything in the choosing house was about perfection. Perfection and service and obedience.
The other girls in her section, those deemed ready for sale, were prepared, as well. They chattered all morning, glad to be free of the regular maintenance of the day. Foolish creatures. They, too, were dressed with a strict eye to their unique aspects.
Five women.  Something for every man's taste, they said. And it was choosing day.
Freedom, just beyond her grasp, and this time she would be able to act upon it.
The last three choosing days, the managers had lined her up with the other girls, like rows of chattel, but she had been passed over. The situation flummoxed her and required a great deal of self-reflection. At last, she concluded that her indignation might have bled through her demeanor, which caused the buyers to pass her over for easier, passive slaves.
Today though, today would be different. She would choose a buyer: a soft, middle-aged man, with greedy eyes and a slow mind.  For him, she would act the part, do whatever it took to be chosen. And then, once the buyer broke her free from the choosing house, she would make her escape.
The line of women stood in the entrance hall, a grand room decorated with gauze drapes, soft cushions, and dim, suggestive nooks. Every aspect of the presentation was perfect, a grand effort for show and profit.
The managers stood, half-hidden along the rich wooden walls, beneath fine tapestries and gold-plated wrought iron creations. One for each slave sold, a multitude of various talents, developed with the same ardor as their other skills.
Gayriel cringed. Her own artistic ability disappointed the managers. Her art, three years in the making, was likely hung in the back, behind a large curtain. No, it was certain that her other talents would be toted first, should a buyer express interest.
Still, she searched for her piece—a wreckage of metalwork in a vague semblance of the dragon guardians that protected the city. Very vague. Searching kept her heart beating a slow manageable rhythm. It also held her stomach in its place, instead of up in her throat where it kept trying to climb.
She would only have one chance, and that knowledge drove her nerves into a tangled mess.
A rattling groan, interspersed with hollow cracking, signaled the start of ceremony. Heavy wooden doors swung inward, the carved panels depicting a variety of carnal pleasures. Two girls guided them, dressed with intent, as well. These were younger, not quite ready for purchase. Temptation, should a buyer not find their perfect fit that day.
Light flowed across the polished stone floor, landing at Gayriel’s feet.
She blinked at the brightness, the sudden change in brilliance blinded her a moment. The rules dictated that she stand with her head lowered and eyes downcast anyway. Still, after a moment, she managed to peer upward through her thick lashes. One of these men would be both her potential master and enemy. She needed an indication of what she was dealing with.
A line of figures stepped inside, nothing but silhouettes at first. But their features sharpened as they moved deeper into the hall. The first three were middle-aged men, slightly soft with wealth and luxury, but neat and well kept. Each had several meek servants trailing them. They smiled at the managers, dressed in pristine white, who stepped out to greet them. One more followed, a younger lord. Servants trailed him as well, along with an aging man she guessed to be his adviser. She studied the young lord speculatively. He stood tall and straight, hardly sparing a glance to the gathering of servants. A haughty smirk graced his thin lips and a lustful gleam sparkled in his dark eyes as he looked over the line of girls.
He might do. He seemed young, no older than Gayriel herself, and inexperienced. She might trick him with general compliance until an opportunity to escape presented itself. But he would be eager, young as he was, to consummate, and that she was not keen upon.
“Greetings all,” head manager Fothmar announced, smiling congenially. He was a pale, gray-haired man, thin in a way that reminded one more of control than hardship...but perhaps she knew him too well. “We are proud to serve you here at the choosing house on this day. You have been selected according to your generous deposits. It is our wish that you are pleased with what you see today.”
“I should hope so. Three years to wait for my investment is a long time, Fothmar.” The man who spoke strode in front of the others. He was a broad man, with a firm waistline. One who did more than attend the social gatherings of the elite and drink away his life. No, this man took care of his figure. He had light blond hair that silvered at the temples. It was oiled and smoothed back from his face. Gray eyes flashed around the chamber, noting details. His attractiveness had carried well past his youth. The girls would be as eager to gain his attention as the younger lord. But he exuded arrogance, and Gayriel sensed an underlying temper, a desire for control. With him, escape would be difficult, if not impossible. And if the way his servants watched him indicated anything, an attempt at escape might also be deadly.
“Three years for perfection, Lord Hreth. You will find our girls better trained and higher quality than any other service in the city.”
Lord Hreth huffed, but waited for a wave from manager Fothmar to walk the line. His calculating gaze passed over every facet of each girl's appearance, as he might study a base market item, looking for the best bargain.
She looked away to hide her revulsion. No, he wouldn't do at all. 
“Fothmar, it is a pleasure to do business with you once more.” The second man to greet manager Fothmar was one she recognized. He had been present at the last choosing day, and had passed her by. Unfortunate, for she saw now that he might fit her purpose perfectly. He was heavier than Lord Hreth, but from the looks of his clothing, he was richer too. And he had a lazy air about him, like he had never worked in his life. And he probably hadn't. There was a possibility he might not even pursue her when he discovered her gone.
“Lord Bannath,” manager Fothmar nodded.
Her eyes flicked to the third middle aged man, waiting patiently behind. He held a similar air, but much quieter. Dark hair lined his scalp, chopped short, disguising the beginnings of a bald spot at his crown. Wispy eyebrows swung upward in a perpetual expression of surprise. His skin was pale, as though he spent most of his time indoors, at paperwork, perhaps. He looked more in need of an assistant than a bedroom slave.
Appearances could be deceiving though. She should know. From her meek and humble position, she watched and plotted. At last, she decided on Lord Bannath, or the bookish man. They were her best chances.
Unfortunately, Lord Hreth stopped before her, blocking her view of the others.
“Face up girl,” he commanded.
She obeyed, but ensured a slight hesitation. She did not wish Lord Hreth to find her pleasing. He noticed the defiance, she thought, a muscle jumped against his jaw and his eyes hardened. 
It did not have the effect she intended. Instead of moving on, he lingered, circling her position. His eyes assessed her, almost a physical caress trailing over her skin. She shuddered, and a wave of disgusted anxiety ran through her. It was as if she stood naked before him, yet she wore more fabric that day than most of her existence in the choosing house.
“Show me your breasts,” he came up in front of her again. His nose crinkled, lifting his upper lip into a sneer.
Her heart thudded, a hollow sensation in her chest. She did not expect this, had never seen such a thing at a ceremony before. She raised her fingers to her bodice, obeying as she always must if she did not wish to face severe punishment.
“My lord,” a white dressed manager appeared from somewhere in the shadows. He waved a hand in a gesture of respect and apology. “We guarantee the perfection of form in each of the girls, but we do not allow such displays until they are paid for in full.”
Hreth grunted unhappily, but relief pool through Gayriel. Disobedience interested Hreth. She would not repeat that mistake. When he finally moved on, she nearly sagged with the heavy weight that went with him.
“Gentlemen,” Fothmar announced, clasping his hands together in a pleased manner. “The girls will be happy to‒”
He stopped suddenly, his voice rising in a strangled manner.
Gayriel looked up, unable to help herself. Three years at the choosing house and she had never once seen Fothmar flustered. The other girls remained with their heads bowed and eyes lowered, but she didn't care.
Stepping into the main hall was a man unlike any she had ever seen before. He stood with the proud dignity of the noble born, full of authority, but there was something about the way he moved. His stride was graceful, inhumanly so. His fit body stood out among the other men. Hells, his arms were at least twice the size of the younger nobleman's. He wore a fitted suit of all black, but not the clothes of the nobles, with frills and hanging decorations. His clothes looked functional...for war perhaps. Sheaths littered his body and from each the silver handle of some blade or another protruded.
He stopped, part way in the hall. Dark brows crashed together as he surveyed the scene before him. She noticed, with a breath of amazement, that his eyes were the most unusual color she had ever seen. Even from her distance, the bright amber was visible. Dark stubble lined his jaw and his full lips drew her gaze, even with the frown he wore.
“L..Lord...er...,” manager Fothmar began.
“Firestriker.” The man did not look toward Fothmar at all, and his voice was as deep and masculine as she imagined. His eyes landed on the women, lined up like so much chattel. Gayriel found herself ashamed to be presented among them.
That would not do at all. She had no reason to impress this man. Indeed, he seemed even more alert...and dangerous than Hreth.
For a moment, his eyes latched onto hers. She had the impossible sensation he was somehow looking into her, that he could see her soul, her intent.
She broke eye contact first, sucking in a deep breath.
“Lord Firestriker, we have never had the pleasure of doing business with one of your...with...,” he coughed. “Can we earn your business, great lord?”
The room stood silent for long moments. Even the Lords, come for their choosing day, dared say nothing.
She wanted to look up, to see him again, what was he thinking? And would it affect her chances? Bannath and the bookish man had yet to approach her.
“That one.”
Now she did look up. That one? What did he think he was doing? Choosing? You had to wait three years to choose, not just stride in and.....he was pointing at her.
Fothmar coughed, or maybe he choked on indignation. It was hard to tell with her focus still glued to ‘Firestriker.’ Something shifted in her periphery. Hreth, at the end of the line, his arm outstretched and grasping the chin of a blond, forcing her face upward for inspection. She stood, allowing his touch, eyes lowered.
Ire rose within Gayriel, that ever-present irritation with the passive nature of the other girls, with her own charade. Oh, to be free. Then she would never suffer a touch she did not desire.
What would she desire? Her gaze lingered on Firestriker’s broad shoulders and trim waist. Her body betrayed her. A deep pull of longing twisted her abdomen and settled into a warm pool between her legs. Her cheeks flushed, but she prayed to the Six Gods that it was not noticeable.
Hreth dropped his hand, the gesture choppy and abrupt. His lips pulled downward, stretching his handsome features into a frown.
He was angry, Gayriel guessed, a man used to getting his own way, especially when it came to respect. But he did not react, only stood there glaring.
Intimidated? That didn’t bode well for her, or her chances.
“My Lord Firestriker, that is not how this choosing house works. We first require a deposit, and they take three years to mature...,” Fothmar’s voice started out strong, but faded into nothing. Firestriker stared at him, unflinching.
“I offer three-hundred platinum quarry.”
A long silence filled the chamber. Not even a rustle of silk in the breeze defied the quiet. Perhaps even the winds gave this Firestriker a large berth.
Gayriel's mind stumbled. He must be bluffing. She had never even seen one-hundred quarry altogether, and that was her purchase price. Three-hundred platinum quarry could buy...well, an awful lot.
“That is more than three times what she is worth, my Lord.” Fothmar rubbed the cuff of his white robes, but he didn't say no outright.
Damn it. This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. She had plans. She was going home with Bannath or the bookish Lord, and that night she would be free.
Firestriker was serious, however, a muscle twitching in his shadowed jaw. The fine stubble there caught her eye, and she wondered if it would feel rough, like the tongue of a sand-cat.
Would he be discouraged by defiance? If she could meet his gaze she might show him her distaste. If he was looking for a willing bed-mate, he would do better choosing one of the others. But what if disobedience intrigued him as it did Hreth?
It didn’t matter anyway. Since his first assessing study of her, he had not looked back.
“Then what is the problem?” he demanded, reminding her that, although Fothmar hadn’t said no, he had not agreed...yet.
“Protocol—” Fothmar began.
“Bullshit. You and I both know I am entitled to anything in here, including the women. All of them, if I so choose. Instead, I offer you more than fair compensation for one. And if you wish to keep the entire Amber Guard from taking whatever they wish, as is their right, I suggest you release her to me...now.”
Fothmar paled farther. His appearance, constructed as perfectly as everything else in the choosing house, took a turn for the worse. He ran his pale knobby fingers through gray hair, forgetting it was bound strictly at his nape. When he pulled away, several well-greased strands followed and remained sticking out.
The room seemed frozen, as her fate hung in the balance. Until, at last, Fothmar nodded, a tight, strained movement, his lips pressed firmly downward, either angry, or disappointed.
No. Her mind whispered, and, for a moment, she considered her range of options. She couldn’t run, and she couldn’t fight...all was lost.
Angry, she glanced at Firestriker. Why did he have to come along and ruin everything?
This time, he did turn, piercing her with his unique gaze. A black brow quirked, but he gave no other sign of being distressed by her attitude.
“Your request is granted, Lord Firestriker,” Fothmar sighed. “Go and gather your clothes Gayriel,” he commanded her.
“Don’t bother,” Firestriker interrupted, an amused gleam in his amber gaze. “She won’t be needing them.”
***
Dynarys Firestriker watched, with amusement, the look on the woman's face at his words. Her dark eyes flashed with alarm, perfectly contoured brows nearly reaching her hairline.
She was small, even for a woman, but Great Six but she was a vision in her red silk, edged with black lace, that led a man to fantasize about the naked skin beneath. Heavy lashes lowered, fluttering against her blushing cheeks, the flush creeping up her neck appealingly. Her dark hair flowed as if from a silken fountain and it was all he could do not to imagine running his hands through it. 
It was the job of a choosing house, he knew, to present her thus, to tempt. But it had been the way she met his eyes, the defiance he saw there, that sparked his interest the most. The other slaves, lined up in their perfect, neat presentation, would likely have suited his purpose just as much. Perhaps even more. But something about this one, Gayriel, would not allow him to choose another. Nor would he leave her there to be molested by the disgusting excuse for men that stood waiting. To even consider her passion might be dominated, snuffed out by one of the humans, felt like a kick to the gut. A loathsome human habit, selling other humans, and especially women for sexual pleasure. He narrowed his eyes at the men.
Then, with greater satisfaction than he should have felt, he gestured to the woman, commanding that she follow.
Inside of him, something stirred, the beast was perking up.
Ruthlessly, he tamped it down. That was a complication he did not need. He might have bought her as a slave, but in the end, she was not for him.
He reinforced that thought in his mind and led her outside into the morning air.
CHAPTER 2
Gayriel reeled from Fothmar’s easy capitulation. Everything she had work for, destroyed in one moment. She didn’t dare raise her eyes when she stepped from the choosing house. Emotions rioted through her.
She won’t be needing them.
She swallowed. Ever? Because it sounded like that was what he had implied. And she did not find that interesting, not at all.
She attempted to refocus. Here she was, betrayed by her parents to the choosing house. Now, three years later, betrayed by the choosing house to this stranger. Even her body betrayed her. She cursed herself to the underworld. Blinking back tears, she peered up. She needed to gather information to make her next move. She stepped forward...and stumbled over her silk slippers.
The transport was a black carriage, smooth and gleaming in the sunlight. Sturdy beams attached it to a team of creatures that left her mouth hanging open.
A firm hand steadied her.
The only thing she thought for one elongated moment was that the heat from his fingers would scorch her. How had he even moved so fast? She had been behind him, three steps as her training dictated.
She swallowed hard and stared at the six giant wolves before her. A mixture of grays and browns and even black pelts, all with human-like, alert eyes. They sniffed at the air as she stood there. The intelligence glinting in their assessing gazes frightened her.
“They are subordinate, they will not hurt you,” Firestriker muttered. His breath stirred the locks at her ear, raising bumps along the skin of her neck.
Right. Big fluffy puppies...with long swords for teeth.
She didn’t move, not yet. How did wolves even grow that large? They towered in their harnesses, as tall as the horses that pulled regular carriages. Big horses. Gayriel would struggle to reach the back of the smallest wolf. Not that she intended on nearing within arms-length to find out.
“Come Gayriel.” Firestriker hadn’t moved and his heat seemed to seep through the silks along her entire side, anywhere he stood close.
Pressure on her back propelled her forward, and she moved toward the carriage.
The inside appeared as opulent as the exterior. Smooth gleaming redwood formed the benches. It gleamed along arm rests and twisted in a band of decorative knots near the ceiling. Soft cushions in various shades of amber stuffed the sitting area. Gauze curtains pulled back from the window, held with a black hook shaped like a dragon in flight.
She stood on the top step, uncertain. Protocol dictated she would sit on the floor, at the feet of her master. Yet the benches and pillows took up so much space there was not room. Where should she go?
“Sit Gayriel,” Firestriker grunted.
She frowned. He sounded irritated. Maybe he no longer wanted to command her to complete his instructions.
In extreme discomfort, she sat herself on one of the soft benches, and waited, warily, as he climbed in behind her, taking the opposite seat.
Without a word to the...well, actually, she hadn’t seen a driver. How then did the carriage surge forward? How did it know where to go?
She pictured the great beasts attached to it. Trained perhaps? Were they trained for other tasks as well? Such as hunting down slaves who escaped?
She shuddered and forced the thought away. If she did not get a hold of her imagination she would resign herself to this fate. That was not acceptable.
She peered out the door.
Fothmar stood at the top of the stone stairs. He did not seem surprised by the transport’s appearance. Instead, he frowned, his arms folded in front of him, brows puckered.
He looked worried.
Firestriker leaned forward and pulled the door shut, cutting off her last view of the house, and she was left alone with her new master.
A sunbeam cut through the dimmed space like a sharp blade. Dust motes danced within its influence. Every few moments, one changed direction. It swirled away from its counterparts, against the tide.
That was her. All her careful plans continued on their path, but she was that dust mote, turning in circles and floating in the wrong direction. 
She kept her eyes lowered, submissive, but she couldn’t resist peering through her lashes. Who was this Firestriker? What kind of master would he be? Her gaze traveled up his stubbled, square jaw and cheekbones, straight to his...
She choked on her next breath. Six Gods help her, his eyes glowed. Or at least they appeared to. They were most definitely brighter than they should be back in the shadows where he sat. Just what was he? Not a man, anyway. Or not just a man...or something.
A muscle twitched against his jaw. She was staring. Hardly submissive, and, as she had been instructed, displeasing to most lords. She lowered her gaze.
This was not going at all as she had planned. The longer she floated on this path, against the tide, the farther from her goal she would get. Would it be best to attempt an escape before they reached...wherever it was they were going? She stared at the carriage floor. Less than a full step to the door, but so was Firestriker. He was stronger than her for certain, and likely just as fast, or faster. She had not counted on a fit master. Plus, she couldn’t discount the dagger-toothed wolves strapped to the carriage. It seemed they were trained to pull without command or direction. She didn’t want to imagine what they might do if she ran. In common practice, a running slave received only death. Her active imagination had no trouble picturing what that might be like at the mercy of such beasts. She withheld a shudder.
“You are afraid.” Firestriker’s voice was soft, and she caught a hint of disappointment.
She fought the urge to frown. And argue. Slaves didn’t argue, or frown at their masters.
“Do you fear me?” he asked.
“No master,” she answered automatically. The pleasing answer, the right answer.
“No?” 
“No,” she lied.
Firestriker blew out a breath. Amusement? Or irritation? She didn’t dare raise her eyes to his again to find out. 
“Come closer,” he commanded.
Her heart slammed against her ribs and her stomach leapt upward. She sensed him shift in his seat, stretch out and lean back. Legs with bulging muscles filled her vision and her nostrils filled with the scent of the air after a storm. His scent.
She had little time to process how it was possible for a man to smell like rain. Another bulge caught her attention...and held it. His black fitted pants did little to hide his straining erection. Her mind filled with years of training. All the things the managers had forced her to learn—but never experience. Except instead of dull, factual positions and techniques she was bombarded with images of carnal actions and possibilities. Images involving a dark-haired man with amber eyes. Her body reacted of its own accord, with a deep pull at her core and a tingling warmth between her legs.
I do not want to consummate. A deeper part of her mind reminded. She struggled to rein in her wayward desire, but her body was having none of it.
Strong fingers gripped her chin, a gentle touch, but one that demanded no nonsense. Firestriker pulled her face up. “Look at me,” he demanded.
She obeyed and shrank back at what she saw. The amusement in his eyes had disappeared, replaced by a hard, challenging look. His intention clear. He released her chin and indicated a spot next to him on the opposite bench.
She eyed the spot warily; there was hardly enough room for his own bulk, she would be crushed against him.
The lump in her throat, her stomach maybe, forced her to swallow. Everything inside felt upside-down. She did not want to consummate. And I lie, even to myself.
She rose to a half standing position and took a step toward him as commanded. His scent grew stronger, nearly overwhelming in its headiness. A bump in the road shook the carriage, the wheels ground over it with a terrible scraping sound. Gayriel flailed and tipped toward Firestriker. Fortunately, she managed to catch herself before falling, one hand on the seat beside him and one on his chest.
How was he so hot? Her palm burned with a pleasant warmth, just short of painful. She tried to pull it away, but a strong grip held her there, so that she was caught, hovering over him, her face a hand’s-width from his.
Amber eyes scanned hers and somehow she could feel him searching again.
“We will have to work on your lying,” he growled softly.
Ohh, she was in trouble, he was definitely displeased. So much for acting the passive slave. Mentally, she prepared. At the choosing house, nothing short of physical pain was punishment for such a mistake.
“You will need to get much better at it,” he muttered after a breath. “And I will show you how to hide your fear, as well, you reek of it.”
For a moment, she thought nothing, just blinked in confusion, her face so close to his. And then, she was desperately trying to bury the fury that boiled within her. I reek of it?
A bedroom slave did not hold much dignity, but the indignation, the shame of his words, struck her like a physical force. Not since the day her parents sold her to the training house had she felt so debased.
What did you think it would be like when you were sold? A voice in her head that sounded suspiciously like Fothmar chided.
She stuffed him away. Stuffed everything away and cleared her mind. Meditation had been one of those trainings she disregarded as useless. She would have much rather worked on her endurance, or strength. Those, she reasoned, would be useful one day. Now, she found herself wishing she had paid a little better attention to the methods. She pushed that thought away too, to the place she was stuffing all her other emotions.
Firestriker said nothing more, though he studied her face while she struggled for neutrality. Her arms ached from supporting her own weight.
After a long moment, he nodded and tugged her down to the seat beside him. He kept hold of her left arm though, so her body draped against his side.
She held still and waited for his next motion. He remained in the same position for a good long while, making no move to farther their closeness, nor demands of her services. When it was clear that he would not, she shifted, relieving the pin pricks forming along her leg.
She let out a shaky breath, relieved to be facing the carriage interior once more. The man was far too intense for her liking. What now? She had not planned for this. Firestriker was a long way from the greedy, dim-minded Lord that she had sought. She would need an entirely new strategy to fool him. And for the first time since she formulated her plan of escape, she worried that she couldn’t do it.
“It is a long way to the Amber Guard Aerie,” Firestriker muttered. “Sleep.”
As if joined with his words, her eyelids sunk. The last thing she recalled was the heat of his shoulder against her cheek.
***
Clean and sterile white stone surrounded her. Granted, it had a pleasant, smooth quality about it, the square bricks shone with a brightness that belied the fact that she was in a windowless room. A heavy, wide bed sat in the precise center of the far wall, the posts of which were the only luxurious items in the chamber. Carved with more dragons, it reminded her of the curtain hooks from the carriage. She explored the posts earlier, brushing her fingers over each smooth wing and scaled chest within reach. 
Did Firestriker have something to do with the great beasts? She knew that dragons protected the city. From what? Well, that was something she didn’t know. 
It might have been hours, or days, since the carriage stopped. Firestriker had hopped out, jostling her awake, then told the burly, armored men outside to see to her confinement. In her dazed state, she glimpsed a massive stone courtyard, and the guard rushed her to this room. Just like that. 
She tried to keep the frustration from her mind, for she wished to think with clarity. To find a solution to her conundrum. She tried not to be confused and angry, and, if she were honest with herself, a little disappointed…not that she wanted his attentions, not really. She sighed and rubbed her forehead. It would have been easier to remain at peace if he had left her in a room with a window, preferably one that opened. And some rope. All those stairs they climbed meant she was up a fair distance relative to the ground.
Since then, she checked every smooth white brick and every cranny between them. One bit moved in the corner next to the door, but a hole the size of her pinky would not allow her to escape.
She sat on the bed, defeated. Forced again to await an opportunity. Unoccupied by escape, her thoughts drifted back to Firestriker, and his odd behavior. Despite ridding himself of her when they reached...what had he called the place? The Amber Aerie. Though he ordered her confined and hadn’t seen her since, she did not mistake his look at the choosing house. Or the erection he sported in the carriage. He would consummate.
Her body reacted to the thought with a viciousness that surprised her. For a bedroom slave, consummation was a fact of life. Something that would guarantee the master’s happiness and discourage poor treatment. She understood such things, though in all her plans, she hoped to avoid it. But never had the thought of consummation been...interesting. Never had she imagined the stroking of strong fingers, or the erection that bulged beneath the black cloth of a fit master. Would it be hot? The heat that emanated from Firestriker was the most unusual thing she had encountered. She wondered if the burning would be pleasant, or otherwise, against her naked skin.
A jostle of the door pulled her from her thoughts. She twitched at the intrusion and then chastised herself. What was she doing mooning over the thing that stood between her and her freedom? If she wanted an opportunity she would have to keep her thoughts in order, especially to evade such a master. She perked up, alert, determined to be open to any opportunity.
But it was not Firestriker who entered. Instead, a guard stood in the doorway. He wore a vest of heavy looking leather, bound with tight straps and supported by broad shoulders. Thick arms bursting with muscle stuck out from the arm holes.
How did these men grow so huge? It looked like this one might run through the forests, tackling venison with his bare hands...and eating it, too. His shoulder length hair hung shaggy and thick, a strange mixture of tawny brown and gray. Wide, intelligent eyes studiously avoided looking toward her.
“Come, you have been summoned,” he said. His voice rumbled, smooth and smokey. Something about it reminded her of the shadows in the wild woods.
She rose from her position. The crimson silk was wrinkled and marred from the dusty carriage ride. Gayriel smoothed it with nervous fingers. She could recall several long lectures about perfection of appearance at all times, but what was she to do? Firestriker had forsaken the rest of her clothes, and no one offered her anything new. She brushed at the dress a few times and stepped forward.
Before she reached the door, the guard strode forth. He turned right along the corridor outside the room. 
She calculated; to the left, thirty yards down, sat a long set of stairs. And then more corridors and more stairs. The path they had traveled to reach the chamber.
If she wished, she could probably find her way back to the massive courtyard the carriage had halted in, but that had been teaming with armored men. With muscles chasing her down, she wouldn't make it three steps.
Speaking of the guard, he stopped a distance away. He did not turn, but his head cocked, as though listening, and he tensed.
She reassessed. She wouldn’t make it one entire step before he tackled her. 
Instead, she adjusted her skirts, like that had been the issue all along, and hurried to fall into step behind him, the picture of an eager slave with no wayward thoughts of betrayal.
She counted as they passed six more doors, constructed of heavy wood and solid, iron fastenings. After the doors, another set of stairs loomed. There were five rooms on the other side of her confinement. Twelve in all. Perhaps there were slaves in each? Surely all these burly men needed women to relieve their needs.
She was pulled from her musing before she reached the pale stone landing. The stairs there split, continuing both downward and up, but her attention caught on the architecture. On the other side of the corridor, the stairs were unimaginative and closed in. These were beautifully carved and open to another vast courtyard. From where she stood, she spotted a variety of fruit trees and flowers, all potted and well-tended. The echoing notes of a fountain carried upward to her ears.
The guard began downward, on a path that led to a covered walkway which traveled along the courtyard. Above her, a second walkway stretched from the stairs, joining her building to the next one over. 
All around, white-stoned walls rose. Some with colorful windows, or decorative metalwork. Which suggested bright rooms with access to sunshine and fresh air. And above everything towered an outer protective wall, or that’s what she assumed. The silhouettes of more guards patrolled the top of it. And that confirmed her conclusion that it contained the outer limits of the aerie. This place was massive, it would take a lifetime to learn. The buildings formed more of a fortress than the palace she had first assumed.
She withheld a groan. Of all the places fate could send her. A fortress. The hope she had held within for so long threatened to flutter out. It seemed circumstances kept stacking against her.
She stepped down the stairs, a light breeze scented with the smell of water and warm forest floor rose to meet her. What was beyond the wall? Certainly not the city, for she heard none of its clatter. No gongs or voices, no vendors crying out their wares desperate for a chance at a sale.
She did hear the sounds of nature, and the incessant clash of metal against metal. Voices too, and grunts of effort.
She passed through a pattern of shadows as she descended and looked up. Arches hovered above the staircase, beautiful in structure. She reached the bottom landing and stood beneath the shade of the walkway above before she saw them.
Her mind—and everything else—stuttered to a halt. Two men stood in the courtyard, black swords raised above their heads. Well, there were actually many men, lined up in an audience at the far end of the open space, but the ones at the center overshadowed everything else.
Ridged muscle defined their naked torsos. One deeply tanned, with black designs swirling across his chest. Chocolate locks fell wild about his shoulders. He stood, holding his fierce position, amber eyes flashed. 
Amber, just like Firestriker.
Opposed to him was a paler man with golden locks bound tight at his nape, broader even than the first. She could make out drips of sweat collecting between the muscles on his shoulders.
But what drew her attention wasn’t that display. What drew her attention was the wide spread of leathery wings protruding from their backs. 
Wings. 
A golden set for the blond man, and a darker, mottled green and brown for the other.
Her jaw fell, and she stood staring. She just couldn’t wrap her mind around what she was seeing. The darker...she struggled for a word. He was most definitely male, but was he a man? The darker one spotted her, his amber eyes flashed, and a grin quirked the corner of his lips. His expression must have given her away, for the blond man turned, too, cocking his head to the side. His eyes shone amber, as well. They lit up and a cocky smile spread slowly, lighting his handsome features with a pleasant warmth. He winked.
Six Gods have mercy.
“Come,” the guard returned. He still did not look in her eyes, but he seemed displeased at her delay. Or perhaps he thought she looked foolish standing and staring with her mouth open. Mortification tugged at her mind. She snapped her mouth closed and ignored the scene before her. A difficult feat since it seemed she was now the entertaining aspect of the courtyard.
“Tharissa is waiting,” the guard grunted. He gestured and then led her onward.
CHAPTER 3
Gayriel breathed through a rise of chagrin, the edges of emotion rising from the stares that followed her. She kept her head lowered as she walked, focused on the heels of the guard in front of her.
What was so interesting? Surely they had seen women before?
She paused for a moment. Actually, she hadn’t seen a single woman since leaving the choosing house. No, it was impossible. They must have mothers, at least. But where did they hide them all?
A shadow fell over her. She glanced up to find herself surrounded by white brick once more. They had entered the second building and turned into a narrow passage.
Carved lattice along the right cast delicate shadows on the wall. It opened to the courtyard once more. Heavy ladened fruit trees marred the view, wide branches rising to embrace the sun, some even poking through the lattice holes.
She peeked through an opening between plants. The men had sparred their way closer. Their speed and grace were mesmerizing...and inhuman. No matter how she trained, she could never be that fast, or accurate. She gasped, pressing herself against the wall to see past the branches of a lemon tree. The tip of the blond's blade had come impossibly close to the darker man’s groin.
“Careful Cillumn, or I will unman you before your beast can check if she is his.”
The one called Cillumn danced backward, his wings twisting gracefully. Dark markings covered his torso, and they shifted with the movement. It was a hypnotic sight.
Having escaped the blade, he lunged for the blond.
“Not likely,” he grunted. “First, you would have to score a point.”
The blades met between their chests, as the blond blocked; a flash of sparks flew from the collision.
“And second, the dragon is ridiculously picky.”
Dragon? So they did exist here. 
“You haven’t given her a chance. I, for one, like to fuck my women several times before I give up on the beast. Just to be certain.”
Cillumn snorted. “Yes, the whole aerie is aware of that. Do you ever take your women to the privacy of your chamber?”
“That would be boring.”
“My friend,” Cillumn dropped his blade and stepped back. “You are a twisted beast yourself. I am surprised your dragon is so golden.”
“You aren’t the only one,” the blond grinned, passing behind a branch with fat clusters of yellow fruit.
“Hmm,” Cillumn continued. “I admit, I am curious, how did you get that red-haired beauty to agree to the parapet? You had her dangling from...”
“Woman,” a deep voice growled. Really growled.
Gayriel leapt back and blinked at her guard.
“Do not test my patience with this task. Escorting women is a poor use of my skill, but you will not like where my talent truly lies.”
A bitter note entered his words, she read it easily. She was a burden to him, a distasteful duty.
“Forgive me,” she murmured, hoping a report of her flaws didn’t make it back to Firestriker.
“No more delays,” he turned and continued on his path.
She followed him from the lattice walkway and into another. The pattern in the new corridor resembled that of her confinement, except, here, the scale was much larger. The hall spread a longer distance, only four doors spread alternately along the sides.
The guard stopped before the last door on the right.
It was not locked, or even closed. He knocked anyway. The dark wood swung inward, revealing a beautifully decorated space. Two benches with blue plush cushions faced one another, centered over a richly detailed rug. The walls hung with paintings of colorful birds interspersed with more potted plants. A delicious scent wafted out toward them, some sort of baking, warm and inviting.
Who summoned her? Not Firestriker. The guard had mentioned a name, and it wasn’t his. Tharissa?
“Bring her in Scet,” a soft, decidedly feminine voice called.
The guard—Scet—motioned her inward to the space. She stepped past him, unsure how he would respond to being ordered about by a woman. His stiff demeanor might have been impossible to read had it not been for his outburst earlier.
On entrance, she noted that this well-kept chamber was not on its own. It was, instead, a sitting room, or parlor. Arches led away from it, suggesting a complete living space. The warmth of the sun filtered in, even though the walls held no windows; the source of which she pondered for a moment—how did sun shine down into the lower level of a building? – before tracing it to circular vents in the ceiling. 
“Come and sit,” a woman appeared through one of the arches.
Gayriel stared. The woman was older than her by a good ten years, but that didn’t detract from her beauty. She glowed with health, her tanned skin clean and soft. A genuine smile lit her face, highlighting high cheekbones and a set of startling green eyes. Chestnut curls were pulled back from her face. It added the illusion that her eyes were her biggest, and most striking feature.
She wore a simple violet gown, the neck low enough to showcase her ample breasts, but high enough to still be practical. Even the skirts were practical, hanging strait to her calves. Unlike Gayriel's own, that flounced to the ground and dragged behind as she walked.
The woman carried a tray with some form of dark bread in one hand, in the other, a platter of cheeses and two cups of liquid. She bent gently, as she neared, and set her burdens on the stone table between the two benches.
“Sit,” she insisted, so Gayriel made her way to the nearest bench. “Scet would you please wait outside?”
Scet grunted, but did not answer, and then the door closed.
“I am Tharissa,” the woman grinned, sitting opposite her.
“Gayriel,” she nodded, growing wary. Why had this woman summoned her? Who was she?
Tharissa must belong to Firestriker, as well, to summon her. But in what capacity? She was most definitely beautiful enough to be a sex slave, yet her clothes and demeanor suggested otherwise. His wife perhaps? But then why so friendly? At the least, a slave should be tolerated and ignored, not...talked to.
“It is always exciting when a new woman arrives. If you haven’t noticed, there is an abundance of men in the aerie. It makes one feel safe and secure, naturally, but it gets a little tiring.”
Gayriel nodded politely. Tharissa paused, considering her.
“Please don’t take offense, but I am surprised it was Dynarys that brought you here. You must have done something impressive to catch his attention, he’s normally so...reticent.”
“Dynarys?”
“Er...” she frowned. “Have I heard wrong? The gossip is that Lord Dynarys Firestriker brought you to the aerie. We thought he quickly hid you away for himself.”
Ah, his given name. Dynarys. Hmmm, she struggled to think of him as anything other than Firestriker. Suddenly, things made more sense. Tharissa spoke as though Firestriker was not her consort at all; as though she only wished to welcome another woman to the aerie.
Gayriel shifted, uncomfortable with the idea. Tharissa didn’t know what she was: a mere slave, and a bedroom slave, at that. That would explain the welcome, she supposed. What should she say? Firestriker...Dynarys might not wish others to know she was purchased. Fothmar drilled them over and over that, in all instances, they must look to their master for direction. But Firestriker was not there to give it. Tharissa sat watching her expectantly.
“I did arrive with Lord Firestriker,” she confirmed. If Tharissa wished to believe her more than she was, she supposed she must let her, for now. With all luck, before the woman discovered her deception, Gayriel would be long gone; on her way to the southern kingdom, and freedom.
A thought occurred to her. If Tharissa believed she was here of her own will, perhaps she might give some information, such as which exit routes were the most used, something that might aid her dilemma.
“He is mysterious and dark, that one. I wasn’t sure his dragon could mate. It frightened me that it might eat anyone who tried.”
Wait..What?
Her look must have given away her confusion.
“You haven’t seen the dragon yet, then,” she sighed, leaning back. Her lips tugged downward, a hint of disappointment in her face.
“Should I have?”
“If you were his mate. Strange he has never taken a lover for himself before either, or at least he hasn’t brought one here.”
Well, that cleared everything up...
What in the six realms was the woman talking about? Her words made no sense.
Tharissa rubbed at her temples. “Here I thought we could commiserate on our lives as a dragon mate, and he hasn’t even told you what he is.” She muttered something under her breath that sounded particularly vicious.
Gayriel glanced at the door, Scet still waited out there, probably. She wondered if he listened to their conversation. Nervous as the man made her, part of her hoped that he did, that he might burst in and save her from the situation.
“Gayriel, you must think I am mad.”
The idea had most definitely crossed her mind. She even gave up questioning the woman for information relating to escape. How much good could her nonsense do?
“And now I’m the one left embarrassed. Next time I see Dynarys, I’m going to have a few things to say.” She lifted the mug in front of her and pressed it into Gayriel's hands.
Gayriel accepted, not knowing what else to do, but did not drink.
“You might have noticed the men around here are...different.”
Gayriel pictured the courtyard. Men with wings. Different was an understatement.
“This is an aerie, the home of the dragons. Or, Dragon Lords is probably more accurate. Most of the men here are Dragon Lords, though quite a few are Shifters as well.”
“They control dragons?” She knew Firestriker had something to do with the beasts.
“They are dragons, sweetheart. Or partly anyway. It is a symbiotic relationship. I still haven’t come to understand it, despite being mated to one for almost eight years.”
Gayriel scowled into her drink, attempting to make sense of everything. Men who were not just manipulators of beasts, but symbionts with them? How would that work? Were some of their parts human and others...not? And which ones?
The men in the courtyard were dragons, then...or Dragon Lords. It made sense because they, at least, had wings. Yet, Firestriker had no such thing.
“I’m not sure I understand at all,” she admitted.
“I guess it is like two bodies and minds that share a soul. Sometimes they are beast and sometimes man; sometimes they are part of both.”
Great.
She was doomed to slavery forever. Not even a human fortress, a dragon aerie, and a Dragon Lord, himself, as master.
***
Dynarys rubbed his face vigorously and dunked his head beneath the tepid water of the pool. The bathhouse was not crowded this time of day and, for that, he could only thank the Six for small graces.
The carriage ride had been torture; pure, unadulterated torture. His member had risen as he followed the woman's sweetly curved backside into the small, private space, and it hadn't faded the entire distance. He finally decided to lull her into unconsciousness to prevent himself from acting foolishly. Still, he had spent the rest of the ride stroking her soft hair and inhaling her scent.
What in all hells was wrong with him?
He had seen many women that rivaled her looks; a few that were even more beautiful by most standards. And he had coupled with his share, too. Yet never had he been so tenuously close to losing control. Even now, the thought of her was doing things to his body that it shouldn't.
Not just that, but she was sly and manipulative, though she hadn't been very good at her manipulations. But he had enough sly, manipulative women in his life.
Joined with the fact that she had another purpose and he most definitely shouldn't want her.
But he did. 
The only satisfaction he had was that she was sequestered away for the moment, locked in an unused room of the barracks and guarded. He should be able to manage this short break from her presence to get that desire under control.
“She was looking at me, how could she miss this stunning physique?” A voice echoed into the pool chambers from the changing area, a voice he recognized. Strale.
The blond emerged, naked as the day his mother brought him into the world, and plunged into the pool opposite Dynarys. Cillumn followed, his tattoos shifting as he moved. Both wore tired, satisfied expressions and were damp with sweat. Dynarys guessed they had been sparing.
“Firestriker,” Cillumn nodded toward him, before lowering himself more sedately into the water.
“Ah, perfect, a third party,” Strale had surfaced and was nodding happily. “We can settle this easily. If you were a woman, Dynarys, which of us would be more likely to catch your attention?” He struck a pose, flexing the muscles of his stomach and back. “Me, or this mottled fellow?”
Dynarys groaned inwardly. Strale had no sense of propriety, even for the man that commanded the fighting force of the Aerie. Cillumn, at least, had the grace to look a little abashed.
He raised a skeptical brow in Strale's direction, but that only made the man flex harder.
“It is a moot point,” Cillumn told his friend. “Scet led her quite studiously away before she could admire either of us properly.”
“I am never a moot point. Perhaps you could be a moot point,” Strale switched poses.
Dynarys froze. Scet was the guard he had assigned to Gayriel's door. For this very reason, he did not need her wandering about the aerie tempting the other Lords. Anger, spurred by something a little deeper, saw him rise immediately from the pool, and storm toward the changing area. The dragon stirred within him, awakened by the rising emotions.
“I think you have offended the general,” he heard Cillumn mutter. He rounded the dividing wall that held his clothes and weapons. 
“Nonsense...did you see how much longer even he looked at me?”
Dynarys ignored them. He had to retrieve the woman, and someone would pay for their insubordination.
***
“Please eat. I hate eating by myself, but Morkuth gets upset when I don’t. He says his beast gets distressed.”
Gayriel blinked at Tharissa. Yep. She was still talking. Here she was having a revelation: her master was something more than human, likely impossible to escape from...and the woman blabbered on about her cheese and bread.
Sadly, however, her stomach gurgled. Used as it was to limited food and fasting, the fresh bread titillated her nostrils. She was hungry. She broke off a small bit, soft to her fingertips, and still warm.
“Well, tell me. If you haven’t seen the dragon, what is it like to bed Firestriker as a man? I bet he is vicious in bed...or maybe he prefers to be out of it...”
Gayriel made a sound somewhere between a dying chicken’s warble and the snorting of a pig. Her bread lodged in her throat.
Tharissa looked up with concern and rose from her bench. When she neared, she slapped Gayriel's back.
“I’m sorry,” she apologized, blushing deep red as she sat back down. “I have to admit, my curiosity has gotten the better of me on more than one occasion. Perhaps Morkuth is right and I need to learn some restraint.”
It was Gayriel's turn to blush. Without saying a word, she had managed to chastise a woman far beyond her social standing. If Tharissa ever discovered what she was, she would hate her.
“It’s alright,” she consoled. “I’m just...I haven’t consummated with Firestriker yet.”
“No?” Tharissa lost her blush immediately and perked up. “Then there is still a chance you might be...,” she paused, staring at a pot filled with long purple grasses in the corner. “Yes, why else would he bring you here...”
“Uh...,” was that a question she expected an answer to?
“Oh! But then I should warn you. If the dragon does appear, you must never deny it.” She leaned over the table and tapped Gayriel's hand. “The dragon is primal. Barely within control in many instances, but when they find their mate...”
She raised the hem of her skirt, so far that Gayriel frowned, just what...
Then she saw them, thin white lines from long healed scars.
“He did that?” she blinked at them. When they were fresh, they must have been deep. Not that markings were particularly surprising. Bedroom slaves often ended up with many. Some masters reveled in them.
“Not on purpose,” she shook her head sadly. “For the dragon, the need is so great. Morkuth’s beast went insane for a time afterward. For a dragon to harm its mate...well, it isn’t done. They are as protective as they are possessive.”
That could be a problem. Gayriel's chances simply diminished, one after another.
Footfalls and a low growling voice barked in the corridor. She leapt in her skin.
Tharissa flinched, too, the bread she pinched fell to the floor. The corner of her lips pulled into a frown.
Through the door, Scet’s reply was muffled. The words were beyond recognition, but his tone was much subdued.
Something solid slammed against the door. Hard. The dark heavy wood shuddered on its hinges.
“Oh for...he had better not wreck my door or I am sending Morkuth after him.” Tharissa rose from her seat and strode to the door.
“Dynarys,” she greeted stiffly as she pulled it open. “There is no need to break my door down.”
“Where. Is. She?” Firestriker sounded furious.
“Here, and safe,” Tharissa opened the door and bowed out of the way. Her voice softened from its scolding.
It took one look at Firestriker to see why. His face read like hardened granite, stony and cold, except the muscle that twitched against his lower jaw. His amber eyes glowed like coals in the dark.
Gayriel's gaze traveled from his face to his naked torso. A very real set of black wings sprouted behind him. Fit master indeed. There was no softness to his physique, just tight, firm muscle.
“Forgive me, Dynarys, I only thought to introduce myself to your mate,” Tharissa soothed.
The glow of Firestriker’s eyes faded slightly as he stepped into the room. Clean black pants hung from his hips, and though his shirt was absent, sheaths stuck out from his waist...and arms...and thighs.
“You might have saved yourself time and effort, Tharissa. She is not a dragon mate,” he muttered through clenched teeth.
“No?” Tharissa questioned, her delicate eyebrows rose. She cocked a hip, the submissive grace gone now that Firestriker had calmed.
Gayriel twisted her fingers into the folds of her skirt. It was never comfortable to be talked about like one wasn’t in the room, even after three years.
“No,” Firestriker replied flatly. He made a gesture with his hands, commanding her to rise and come with him.
She stood and did as bidden. Her mind swam with possibilities. He came looking for her, but why? If Tharissa hadn’t summoned her, what might have happened? The ropes of her situation already tightened around her, she did not wish to be bound to him farther.
“I have a feeling your dragon might think otherwise,” Tharissa ventured, as they passed into the corridor.
Gayriel stumbled into Firestriker’s back. Mired in thought, she didn’t expect him to halt.
Or stiffen, was more like it. His wings—which commanded the majority of her attention—nearly clipped her nose as he turned. The muscles in his face rigid once more.
Everything was rigid once more.
Her body responded accordingly, it was almost embarrassing how quickly.
“It makes no difference. She is not for me,” he growled and shut the door. 
He stepped forward, and then paused, turning to Scet. The guard hadn’t moved, but Gayriel sensed him tense as Firestriker’s gaze landed upon him. He didn’t look prepared for discipline, he looked prepared for battle.
She eyed the two as they stood in their frozen state. The relationships here made little sense to her. Instead of an interaction between a lord and his servant, she sensed this was more of a stand-off between two predators.
“Never again without my permission, Shifter,” Firestriker warned, his voice soft and dangerous.
Scet did not reply, or apologize. But he did tilt his head slightly, acknowledging the words.
And then her master paced down the corridor, so fast she had to trot to catch up. She dared not dally or show anything but humble submissiveness. Not if she was to keep up her charade, and not with Tharissa’s warning still echoing in her ears. Her mind replayed the events over, trying to make sense of the situation.
She pondered the events as she trailed him, trying not to notice how the muscles in his back moved with every step.
Not for me.
She should feel relieved. Dragon’s mate, dragon’s slave. It would all be the same and she wanted neither.
Firestriker halted suddenly. They had arrived at the end of the latticed hall, on the entrance to the courtyard. She tried to peer past him, but his wings blocked a lot of her view. The late afternoon sun had descended while she was occupied by Tharissa and the courtyard was silent. She stepped back, half a step, until she could see through the lattice.
She was right. Nothing was there...except that shadow that loomed at the walkway’s far end.
A wolf stepped from the far building. One of the giant beasts like those that had pulled the carriage. This one was black, and even more frightening than the ones she met earlier. The hackles on its shoulders raised, and white teeth gleamed in an intimidating manner. 
Immediately, she felt it would be wise to leave the area, maybe run a long way in the opposite direction. And that was before the form shimmered.
It shimmered and shifted, getting smaller, but no less intimidating. Before she could process what was happening, a man stood in full view. A large, naked, angry man. Black hair flowed wild to his shoulders and his black brows pulled over determined eyes.
“Dynarys,” he growled, a sound more animal than human. “I challenge you to konois-gar.”
“Konois-gar?” Gayriel whispered, she had never heard the word...or was it words?... before.
“A battle of honor,” Dynarys muttered, though he didn’t turn, “...to the death. Do not show yourself Gayriel.”
CHAPTER 4
Do not show yourself.
Well, she wouldn’t argue with that.
Like a nightmare, three more wolves flowed into the courtyard. White teeth gleamed in the remains of evening. They growled a threat that vibrated through the night. Gray hackles rose, creating a row of spiked fur along the beast’s shoulders.
She pressed herself back into the shadows, her heart slammed against her chest. She hadn’t planned for any of this. Men who were dragons, men who were wolves. 
“Who let you into the aerie, Kurath?” Dynarys did not move to attack the man. He leaned, rather casually, against the edge of the archway.
She wasn’t sure if it fooled the wolf-men, but from where she stood, she could make out his tense muscles and the way he played with the blade on his hip.
“Frightened, brother?” Kurath snarled.
Brother?
Dynarys chuckled. “You have been out licking the Ephac trees to believe that. Life in the forest that rough for you?”
“Do not mock me Dragon spawn; you are in no position for such things,” Kurath growled, stalking forward. Then he stopped and tilted his head. He lifted his face toward the corridor and sniffed dramatically.
A dark chuckle rose in his chest. 
“The shadows in the forest are growing, brother,” he called, his lips turned upward creating a malicious, dangerous look. 
“Not long now before we see the end of the dragons. The closing of the age. And now...,” he paused and chuckled once more. “Now, is when you choose a woman? Don’t deny it,” he called when Dynarys pressed himself upright. “I scent her cowering behind you in fear.” He turned. “Looks like we will have a new plaything when we are done, boys. I wonder if she can handle the whole pack. How many do you think, Dynarys, before she breaks?”
Dread crept along Gayriel's spine. She hunched deeper into the shadows, making her way back toward the building. The wolves would not fit there. Of course, the wolves might become men who could fit, but her instincts screamed at her to find a place they could not reach.
Dynarys might be a threat to her freedom, and he was most certainly intimidating...but Kurath was terrifying.
“You best slink back the way you came traitor, before I remove your pelt for my wall. I will ask once more, who let you into the aerie?”
A wisp of gray at her side startled her, she stumbled over the trailing hem of her gown. Through the lattice, a pair of slitted yellow eyes focused on her, the musky smell of fur drifting to her nose. Another wolf, sneaking along the wall. Leaves rustled softly, as his back brushed the lower branches. A shadow shifted behind him, too. How many were there?
“You’ve never considered maybe there are those who see through your deceptions?” Kurath called, “your cowardice? Honor might mean nothing to you and your kind, but I demand Konois-gar for mine.” Kurath paused and then nodded to the wolves. 
Dynarys seemed to sense the danger; he did not lean casually any longer. Instead, he stood ready. While she was distracted, he had removed twin blades from his waist sheaths. They gleamed black against the white stone wall, a picture of deadly beauty framed by the arch of the corridor.
In a flash, a blade met his, and before she could blink, he and Kurath were a blur of skin and wings and metal. The wolves that surrounded the battle yapped excitedly. And then they twisted into the courtyard, well beyond the wall and out of her view, grunts and snarls the only signs the battle continued.
Relief found her for a mere moment, long enough to wonder if Dynarys moved the fight on purpose, luring the beasts...men...away from her. The wise thing to do would be to run the other direction, a long, long way in the other direction. However, her feet froze to the ground and fear kept her from moving at all. She just stared through the lattice, sweat beading on her skin.
That is until a large hairy snout prodded into the corridor. Dark eyes followed and quickly focused on her, even in the shadows. The wolf’s lips parted and a grin spread along its jaw, a distinctly human gesture.
That is so disturbing. That face would give her nightmares for a long time, if she survived this. If not...well, then she would be living a nightmare. 
A long howl emanated from the snout, deep and so loud that the leaves of the fruit trees trembled in its wake. 
It worked for releasing her feet, however. The wolf shimmered at the corridor’s end, but she didn’t wait for it to become a man. She dashed past the turn that led to Tharissa’s hall, her slippers slapping against the stone floor, not wanting to be trapped inside with her enemy at her heels. Only belatedly she realized that Tharissa, or Scet might have been able to help her. It was too late to turn and go back, so she continued.
The corridor ended on the far side of the building, opening into a new space. This was clean and white like the rest of the aerie, but it was narrow, with no decorative carvings or potted plants. More of an afterthought, or what passed for an alley there, she slipped along it, noting the various openings between buildings, waiting for...ah ha! There! A narrow section between two walls. She slipped into the tight space. There was no way a man that size would squeeze in there, she was having trouble even getting her breasts through.
Of course, he could just use one of the larger openings to pass into whatever lay beyond. But beyond wasn’t really her goal. Up was.
Thank her training for giving her lithe limbs and enough speed to stay ahead of the wolf-man. She scraped her toes along her calf, popping off the useless slippers, then propped one bare foot on the wall and stretched the opposite leg out for the other. But it fell short of reaching, bound by the silk fabric. 
She was starting to hate that stupid dress.
No time for modesty, already footsteps echoed into the alley, she hiked the skirt up to her waist, struggling to contain all the rumpled fabric and ascend at the same time. Climbing with one arm was strenuous, but not impossible. The most difficult part was that her feet kept slipping along the smooth white bricks. The urge to climb faster, the desperate need to get out of reach didn’t help. Sweat pooled along her lower back and her legs and feet moistened with it.
She dug her nails into the mortar, wincing as they broke, maybe even bled. It sparked an anxiety that had her grinding her teeth. She took a deep breath, reminding herself that the rules of the choosing house did not apply there. Nor were the managers around to beat her when they noticed the condition of her hands. Besides, this was what she had trained for, escape. Only she hadn’t planned her pursuer so well.
The top of the wall neared, and with it a ledge at the lip of the roof tiles. Dropping her skirts, she raised both hands to grip it and hauled herself upward. Her arms trembled with the effort; at least one of her nails bled enough to lubricate the handhold. At last. she was able to raise herself far enough to swing a knee up.
She flinched as her leg thunked against the tiles, cursing the noise. While she climbed, the footsteps had disappeared, but she was not naive enough to believe he gave up the chase. She rolled until all of her weight was atop the roof.
So badly she wanted to rest, just a moment, but she knew that might be to her detriment, so instead, she scrambled to her feet. She crouched, keeping her body and the damnable crimson dress as low as possible, and scooted up the steep peak. Her breathing was labored, the fear and exertion catching up with her.
She did her best to silence it and looked around. Darkness deepened the shadows into black masses. So many places a man—or wolf might hide. The shadows definitely concerned her, but her mind kept returning to Kurath, sniffing the air and ‘scenting’ her. If he could smell her from a distance, smell her fear, then her pursuer would be getting a nose full. She tried to tamp down her emotions, but her body was having none of it. Something was trying to kill her and her instincts focused on nothing else.
She scanned the shadows once more and leapt to the next roof, working toward the aerie wall and the guards that should be walking along it. She thought about calling out, in such a busy place someone would hear her. But so would wolf-man and, depending on how close he was, she might be doomed before help arrived. No, it was better to keep her mouth closed, on the off chance she had evaded, or at least confused, him. Then, when she was closer, she would call for help.
She scrambled to the next roof, and then the one after that, without mishap. There was one more roof before the outer wall loomed above the buildings, and it stood taller than the rest. Another two stories taller. There was no way she could jump up there.
“Clever bitch,” the words were low, and nearby. 
Her stomach did an odd flip and she crouched closer to the roof, leaning on one hand for balance.
The dark form of a man materialized from the shadows above. In one graceful movement he leapt from the higher building, landing steadily only feet away. He wore no clothes, shadows accentuated the ridges and valleys along his arms and legs, muscles built for speed and strength. Black hair stood out from his head, thick and a little like spikes.
Familiar as she was with male anatomy, and what to do with it, this man’s physique seemed unnatural. Too solid. His cock elongated, swelling as they stood, facing one another. He grinned, and she decided that look was no better on his human face.
She took a step backward, attempting to put space between them, but her foot slid a little. This near to the roof’s edge she was at risk of falling to her death. The stone that constructed everything in the aerie would be an unforgiving landing.
Her choices were limited, but now was the time to draw attention to herself. Where were all the armored men, and Dragon Lords anyway? She opened her mouth, loosing a scream she intended to be heard all the way to the city.
The wolf-man dove for her, something she didn’t expect given their position, and his weight hit her center, throwing her off balance. She threw herself to the roof, narrowly avoiding tipping off the edge. He landed on top of her and momentum carried her down the slope.
Too fast.
She scrambled her hands and legs, desperate for purchase, but it did little good. They reached the edge of the tiles and tipped over the lip, falling toward the stone below.
Her attacker twisted, writhing in the air, one of his strong arms wrapped around her torso. Before she drew a breath, they landed, the wolf-man on his feet, and her bound tightly against him.
Still reeling from the fall, she didn’t react at first when the hand clamped over her mouth and he began rubbing himself against her, the erection that had started on the roof raging now.
“You are trouble, little bitch,” he growled. “I like trouble.”
He lowered one hand down along her side to her hip.
Six Gods he was going to take her right there.
A deep snarl rang out from the space between the buildings, a gap wide enough to encompass a wolf. Tawny brown and gray flashed and her attacker dropped his hold, raising his arms in protection against the new beast.
Her attacker became a wolf in an instant and the two creatures balled into a flurry of snapping and snarling.
She stepped back, edging her way farther from the fight.
Howls rose, an eerie chorus from the courtyard a few buildings and streets away. Firestriker.
A voice, and several replies called out from the wall, the noise at last drawing attention. 
She didn’t dare look in that direction, with the vicious battle happening right in front of her, but she did look up when the sky darkened farther. A very large, golden shape landed on the roof her attacker and herself had tumbled from.
Dragon.
A great beast, fairly glowing in the gloom of evening, his wings spread out behind him like the swoop of an artist’s brush.
No wonder her metal dragon had impressed no one at the choosing house.
This creature was all power and majesty. Muscles bunched in his shoulders and he wriggled them, a predator about to pounce, a long golden neck protruded downward, so long it nearly reached halfway to the ground. Slitted eyes studied the wolves, now pacing circles around one another.
The tawny wolf bled from a few gashes at his neck, deep red fluid staining the fur as it traveled to the stone below. The black wolf, the wolf-man who had pursued and attacked her, looked much worse. Blood matted his pelt in many places and he limped on one hind leg. Still, he snarled viciously at his opponent.
The dragon turned its head in Gayriel's direction, the vertical pupil narrowing as he focused on her.
“There are more, in the courtyard, battling Firestriker,” she told him, though she didn’t know if he would understand, or hear her past the loud growls of the wolves. 
His head jerked back and his attention turned that direction. A low rumble started in his chest, not like that of the growling wolves, this was reminiscent of the roaring of fire in a hearth and it brought images of deadly heat.
So he did understand her.
He released a whooping sound and leapt across the roof, spreading his wings for balance. In two bounds he disappeared from her view. Four more dragons glided overhead, from somewhere near the wall; they followed the golden dragon toward the courtyard.
Gayriel slipped back into the shadows, careful not to draw attention to her movements. She had escaped certain death, and she had no desire to wait around for the experience to repeat itself. The street she had fallen onto wound around a corner, and as soon as she was behind the next building, she turned and ran. She pushed herself hard, counting on her speed to put distance between herself and danger.
The wall loomed closer, she tilted her head as she ran, calculating the height. Far too tall to climb, but it represented the barrier between herself and freedom, so she ran that direction anyway.
Somehow, the flight for her life had become a true escape attempt. All she needed now was one last opportunity. She pressed against the next wall, a small building that might have served as a storage shed, working her way around until she faced the outer wall with no impairments. No shadows walked the battlements, nothing moved at all.
She dashed to the stones and then moved along it until she came to a small gate guarding a footpath into the forest. Not for carriages and giant beasts, anyway. The iron bars stood half propped open, and they swung loose with a gust of breeze from outside.
Tall silhouettes of massive trees held the landscape without. The wild forest.
She hadn’t planned to pass through that forbidden landscape in all her preparation, but there was much she had not planned for.
She hesitated a moment at the bars, the distinct feeling that she was being watched...stalked. A feeling came over her that something darker than dragons and wolves waited beyond the wall.
Standing there, she waged a silly battle with her courage. I must take this chance.
She had to, there might never be another.
With that thought, she wiggled between the gates and stepped from the walls of the aerie. 
Tonight, she would run.
CHAPTER 5
Dynarys lifted his blade, blocking Kurath's strike. What was the fool doing? A dark concentration smashed the brows together on the man's forehead. Another strike and another block. Metal sounding against metal, crashing and rasping. Shifters might be powerful, but they were no match for a Dragon Lord's speed or strength.
So why this posturing? Why demand a challenge he had no chance of winning?
The courtyard swarmed with pacing and snarling wolves, but they didn't dare to interfere. Such an intrusion was against their law. Not that it mattered. Dynarys had no intention of following the rules. He would not slay his brother. If he had been inclined to, the battle would have been over already. Instead, he blocked and dodged, trying to figure out what Kurath was really up to.
“Fight, curse you,” Kurath snarled. Sweat beaded on his brow, glistening in the last rays of dusk.
Dynarys did not answer. There was no reasoning with Kurath, anyway. The Shifter blamed Dynarys for every trial of his life, beginning from the time Dynarys was born. They might have shared a mother, but they had never shared love between them.
A howl drew the attention of the courtyard. A long, sharp sound, from the aerie's center, far from this battle. A signal.
Dread filled Dynarys, as realization worked its way into his mind. The Konois-Gar was a distraction. He shifted to dragon, urging his beast to rise, intent on leaving the charade. If he hurried, his lack of judgment might not have serious consequences. But fate had other plans for him.
“Now,” Kurath shouted. The other Shifters, the ones that had been content until then to stand at the sidelines and snarl and snap, leapt toward him with howls of their own. Wolves slammed against him, their large bodies doing little against his scaled hide, but one or two found their mark. The dragon screeched its fury, prepared to take revenge on the creatures that dared to harm it. Dynarys wrangled the beast's attention. He was determined to lift off still, they couldn't afford to be distracted. One wolf latched onto the dragon's right wing. He flung it back fiercely, the force of the action sending the wolf flying toward one of the courtyard walls. The furred body hit with a solid thump and toppled to the ground.
Another wolf took his place and, for a moment, a scratch of fear entered Dynarys's chest. They outnumbered him. If they kept him from flight, he might be out powered, too.
Fortunately, the noise they made drew attention. A deeper shadow covered the battle. Strale's golden dragon passed over, scales glistening dangerously before landing on one roof. He lashed his tail toward a dark gray Shifter stalking along the courtyard's edge. The wolf yelped at the contact and scrambled away from the appendage. Pottery shards clattered and crashed. Dynarys's dragon turned its long neck and tore the second wolf from his wing. It snapped its jaws shut hard enough to leave the creature with permanent damage. It was all Dynarys could do to stop the beast from finishing the job. He might not wish to kill, but the dragon had no such qualms, especially for those attacking it. At last, he was able to climb from the courtyard.
Strale stayed where he landed, whipping the wolves into a frenzy, snapping his jaw just close enough to show exactly how much control he had. Dynarys lost Kurath in the battle. Using the dragon's eyes, he searched for the black furred form of his brother. But the traitorous man did not show himself, either in human or wolf form. That worried Dynarys. Whatever his true goal had been, and he had some purpose, he must have achieved it. It would be wise to check the center of the aerie, he might be able to track the invaders, to get a true feel for their goal. He urged his dragon that direction, but the beast refused, intent instead on the buildings and alleys surrounding the courtyard. 
Through his concern, it took a moment for him to realize what the dragon already sensed. 
Gayriel was gone.
***
Dark, looming trunks surrounded her, towering into the night sky. Branches tangled and entwined, leaving very little starlight to highlight her path. Vines brushed against her arms and roots jabbed into her naked feet. 
The wild forest was an unforgiving route, especially in the dark, and she would have stopped hours ago, except she kept hearing that sound, always faint, and always behind her. So, even though floundering through the trees was a fool’s errand, the overwhelming suspicion that she was being followed urged her to continue on.
Muggy heat settled into the ground, forcing scents from the earth like the steam of a warm brewed tea. The damp dirt, rotting leaves and perfumed blossoms filled her nostrils. She breathed it in as she ran—or rather, stumbled—forward.
She sniffed at her arm as she moved, trying to detect what a superior nose might. Twice now, comments were made about her fear smelling strongly, and she would be damned to the deepest level of the underground if her own fear brought her down now. But just like the other times she had tried, she, of course, smelled nothing.
The choosing house held no hounds, but she was familiar with them from the streets of the city where she grew up. A stray could scent a piece of hidden scrap from three streets away; she lost more than her share of food that way. Even buried beneath rags for later, a mongrel would find it first. She learned fast to eat what she had when she had it. 
The high lords, too, always kept hounds for security and to deter their slaves from escape; a higher breed of dog than those who ran the streets, but similar in their abilities. From those experiences, she guessed her bare feet and sweaty palms left a nice wide path to be followed should one of those wolves decide to trail her.
She frowned, her fingers tensed around the skirts she had bunched at her waist. Her overworked and overtired mind kept producing images of the black wolf, with his creepy grin, sniffing his way through the trees behind her. It left her feeling exposed and insecure.
But she had a plan. She pushed forward to the sound in the distance, a gurgle of a stream or river. Water, itself, wouldn’t slow a hound—or wolf, she assumed—but part of her skirts had torn; she worked the fabric as she moved, separating the trailing ruffles while trying to remain upright and not make too much noise. If she dropped the loose silk into the water to be carried downstream and moved upstream herself, she might confuse someone on her scent for a short time, maybe gain enough distance to rest or climb one of the massive trees and work her way through the branches. Some of the limbs above her head were as wide as her torso. She shuddered at what a misstep from that height might mean, but a wolf would have trouble climbing, right?
Until he turns into a man.
...she was doomed.
Her body agreed with her, urging her to stop and accept whatever fate awaited her. To rest. Fortunately, her mind knew that death might be part of that equation.
No, she couldn’t give up. She reminded herself of the impossibilities she had already overcome. She escaped the aerie, a fortress for Dragon Lords, of all things. Wasn’t it just hours ago that she thought that was impossible? She would find her way through this…probably.
It took longer than she expected to reach the water. The gurgle, she discovered as she walked, was less of a slow tinkling and more akin to a raging river from a distance. She looked out over the moonlit rapids, gauging the twinkling flash where the water dashed over stones and broken tree trunks. She frowned. She couldn’t swim that, even if she wanted to. The current would drag her around and bash her as easily as it did the loose branches it whisked along. She winced, as one particular branch snapped against a boulder.
Worse, the far side was not a smooth even landing, but a cliff that rose past the height of the trees on her own bank. She gauged that, too, but with no access to the cliff, there was little point debating if she could climb it.
She gathered the silk she removed from her dress. The skirt now hung around her knees, though the tear rose higher along her right thigh. She wasted little thought on the garment, beautiful as it had been, thankful only that she moved easier now and there was less to drag her down once she entered the water. She might not be capable of swimming the rapids, but she could wade until the current pulled at her, and follow the plan she had formulated. The river valley offered a break in the canopy that allowed more light to flow through than the surrounding forest. She prayed to the Gods it would be enough.
With what strength she had, she threw the silk toward the middle of the river. It landed, like a wounded bird, the ripples and waves of the water moving it about like a living thing. Then, it floundered down the river, catching momentarily on a log jam. She hoped it would travel a fair distance before lodging once more. And she hoped it was enough to buy her time.
She strained her hearing, trying once more to catch any distant sound. She hadn’t heard signs of pursuit in a while, but the noise of the river drowned out much.
The water was cool against her legs and provided relief for her aching feet, but the bottom of the river was either silty sand where she sunk to her ankles, or slippery, slime covered rocks. It slowed her progress considerably, turning her stomach a little with the anticipation. Her brief distraction would not be very effective if she lingered where the skirts started. Fast wasn’t effective either, she only stumbled more often, and created a great deal of noise. So she moved upstream with slow deliberation.
The water depth varied as she went, a few times rising as far as her chest, even though she was barely an arms-length from the bank. Progress was painfully slow; she distracted herself by counting the trunks she passed. When that didn’t work, she pondered how one would hide the scent of fear. Firestriker had mentioned it, in the carriage. She felt insulted at the time, but he had suggested she might learn to mask such a thing. Could one mask all their scents?
The problem had never occurred to her, but it seemed to have become the focus of her life since she had been sold.
Sold.
And that, she reminded herself, when the indignation rose again, was why she ran. And why she had to succeed.
The river twisted three times before it slowed enough to consider crossing. She stopped in the waist deep water for a moment, assessing whether to cross then and aim for speed as her savior, or to keep pushing upstream farther and count on the water to hide her trail.
She suspected crossing was the wiser move. The far bank had stretched away until it was nothing but a dark line in her limited vision. At least two hundred yards now, with an incline on the bank that was impossible to make out in the dark.
She took a deep breath and then pressed into the water, performing the first clumsy stroke that came to mind. They had learned little of swimming at the choosing house, but she prayed it would be enough. She kicked her legs hard beneath the surface; the silk fabric still impaired her movement, and her muscles were so tired she did not get nearly the result she had hoped for. The current of the river was deceptive, as well. Toward the bank the pull barely existed. As she pushed into the river’s middle, it picked up, pulling her downstream once more as she struggled to get across.
Slowly, though, she edged closer. She was going to make it. 
Then, she would run some more. If she gained enough distance, maybe she could get to the edge of the cursed forest and beyond reach.
Maybe she wasn’t even being pursued; she had no indication that Firestriker still lived. The honor challenge was to the death, after all, and he faced an entire pack. Perhaps she was master-less, and no one even realized she had gone.
The thought should have given her hope, but her mind stuttered around the idea that the life-force of such a strong virile man...or Dragon Lord, would be extinguished so easily. Or at all.
She shook her head. So much speculation gave her a headache, and it did little good. Focus.
The water receded, already her toes touched bottom. The landing had devolved from cliff-side into a manageable looking climb, still high above her head, but this time sloped toward the water.
She breathed heavily by the time her feet found a solid hold and paused, standing on her toes and waiving her arms back and forth in the water for balance. Something watched her. She couldn’t say what, or where exactly, but the sensation of eyes upon her was undeniable.
Please be a rat, or rabbit or something innocuous.
It didn’t feel innocuous.
Just paranoid. It had to be. She was running for her life and so seeing threats everywhere she turned. She moved toward land; the river quickly fell below her neck and then shoulders. 
Despite her instincts telling her something was there, nothing in the shadows moved. She watched intently as she approached, and did not let up her vigilance even when she left the water and began her climb.
She reached the top of the incline before she realized her mistake.
A heavy weight crashed down on her. She stumbled and tried to keep upright, but it was too much and she was forced down. The ground rose up before her, she tumbled down the incline’s far side and into a small, swampish clearing.
She smashed into the earth at the bottom, face down, her heart trying to climb up her throat. The flimsy sleeves of the crimson gown tore with the pressure and cool earth met her skin as her left breast broke free. Thankfully, she had stopped sliding along the ground by then, so that tender part suffered little damage. Damp rotting earth filled her vision and the heavy, sweet smell of dew and decay filled her nose.
At first, she thought the wolf from the aerie had caught her. How he managed to get ahead of her on her path she didn’t know. She reviewed quickly the sensitive parts of a man’s body. Taught to her in order to maximize pleasure, but it would work just as well to inflict pain. The cock was the most obvious target, but there were others. If only he would let her move.
Then it registered. The source of heat that grew all along her back, everywhere pressure touched her skin.
A limb moved into view and she had the very odd experience of watching a heavy scaled foreleg become a man’s arm.
Firestriker.
Both relief and disappointment overtook her emotions.
Firestriker’s hand rested next to her face, her view tangled with her black locks which had flipped about her head as she fell. He propped himself up, his weight only enough to hold her down, keep her still. And he must have done so as a dragon as well, or she would be nothing more than a smash of Gayriel on the forest floor.
A breath puffed against the back of her neck, stirring the little hairs there.
“Never run from me.” His voice had a strange quality to it, perhaps a result of having just been a different form.
She didn’t answer. What would she say, anyway? There was no point denying her attempt.
His chest rose and fell against her back, the skin there exposed, as well, from her fall.
Her head hung. She was exhausted from pushing herself so far. And now, with her muscles cooling, and her skin damp from the river, the night’s chill urged a shudder. 
She waited his judgment. He must be deciding which punishment to use. Her mind raced over all the possibilities: flogging, beating, maybe he would return her to the choosing house and demand his money back....Death...she truly hoped he didn’t choose the last, though he had every right to.
“I smell blood, are you injured?”
Huh?
Cool air met her skin, as he lifted himself from her and quickly rolled her over. And there he was, propped above her as though rising from an intimate embrace. His chest less than an arm’s reach away, wings still present and spread from his back. Dark brows furrowed over his amber eyes, an almost concerned look, until his gaze traveled her chest, and the exposed flesh there, then they twitched upward toward his dark locks of hair.
She raised her arm from her side, presenting her damaged fingers, the only source of injury she was aware of...unless one counted her hopes and her pride.
He frowned at the blood caked tips, grasping her fingers between his own and studying them intently. Twice, his gaze slid from his inspection back to her naked breast.
“Our medic will know better what to do with these,” he shook her fingers, then looked up at her face. “Do you realize what a great risk you have taken? What danger you put yourself..the entire aerie in?”
And he was back to growling. She struggled with the rapid mood changes, unable to read what might happen next. One second, he showed concern for her well-being, the next he was angry enough to exact punishment.
“There are worse things than wolves and dragons in these woods.”
“And those things are on the move, I sensed at least four just north of here, and more than one has graced this hill recently.”
“Scet?” Firestriker twitched, dropping her fingers and raising himself to stand.
She would have pondered the presence of Scet, and the curious information he shared, but her thoughts arrested at the sight of Firestriker standing before her in his naked entirety.
The choosing house used many drawings, and sometimes even live models, to teach the girls about the male anatomy, but none of that compared to what she saw. Lean ridges of muscle bunched into firm pectorals and a line of smaller bumps defined his stomach. Hips and thighs all flowed together, creating a specimen far more appealing than anything the house had ever presented. Now she understood the giggles and whispers the other girls shared at night when they were to be asleep.
But his erection—did he walk around constantly aroused?—was not what she expected. Oh, it was long and wide, proportional to the man, from what she could tell, but its shape caught her gaze...and held it. The shaft seemed smooth along the bottom, but the top held several ridges that looked both firm and smooth at once. The head, as well, bulged to a larger proportion than she expected.
Part of the dragon?
Most likely, she acknowledged, and she tried not to find that...fascinating.
“What are you doing out here, Scet?” Firestriker demanded, pacing the small clearing. His erection bobbed with each step.
Scet shrugged and leaned in a lazy fashion against a nearby tree, hiding his nakedness with the crook of a leg.
One would think there wouldn’t be many places where a bedroom slave encountered too much nudity...
“The woman was running, you seemed possessive over her, I thought you might wish to know where she had gone.”
“You did not think to deal with the invasion first?” Firestriker waved a hand toward the river, but she assumed he indicated the aerie somewhere in that direction.
“You know Shifters will not interfere with an honor challenge.”
“Maybe not, but someone let Kurath and his mongrels in, and that is strictly against orders.”
Scet stood from his leaning position. “You are accusing me, Dragon Lord?”
Firestriker did not answer, but if Gayriel read his posture correctly, he was accusing Scet.
Scet growled. “You best be careful Firestriker, you are gathering enemies quickly. The old treaty might have subjected Shifters to service of your kind, but times are changing. If you wish to survive them in one piece, you will stop giving people reason to hate you.”
Firestriker grunted, eyeing Scet suspiciously. “I must get Gayriel back to the aerie.”
Scet stood silent for a long time. Then he took a deep breath and looked to the forest around them.
“Be quick, the shadows moved off when you flew over, but I sense they return. It has been long since something as weak as a human risked these woods and they are hungry.”
Firestriker nodded and ran a hand through his dark hair. “Scet is right, we should hurry” he told her. “Besides, we are late.”
CHAPTER 6
“You’re late.”
A man spoke—the Archon was the title Gayriel had been given. He lounged on a velvet cushioned chair, risen up on a dais at the front of an immense hall. Fat wood pillars lined the path from the double doors, where they entered, to his seat, each carved with a repeating pattern that left Gayriel's eyes crossing. A long golden runner softened their footfalls as they approached. 
Windows lined the walls on both sides of the room; the west side still clothed in darkness, but the east let in the first rays of dawn. In between windows hung tapestries depicting vivid scenes of battles and what looked to be victorious moments in history, though she recognized none.
Surprisingly, no guards filled the chamber at all, or any of the things she had come to expect to surround men with power, simply stools and books.
The Archon himself was a middle aged man with silver at his temples. His black hair was longer, and bound. A firm jaw and pronounced cheekbones with a hint of stubble highlighted his amber eyes.
Another Dragon Lord, then.
But he did not wear the tight black shirt and pants that Firestriker favored; his clothes were a charcoal gray, highlighted with amber embroidery. The thread shimmered when he shifted, giving the illusion that flames flickered within the fabric.
“I ran into some difficulties.”
Firestriker walked before her—three steps—as they approached. He had dressed—blessedly, because otherwise her concentration was shot. She kept imagining...things, instead of trying to discern what was going on with her future. Despite his anger, Firestriker had not laid a hand on her, and she didn’t know whether to be relieved, or worried that some worse form of punishment was to come. 
It was bad enough that he had flown her, firmly clutched in dragon claws, back to the aerie; a terrible and inherently cold trip on which she had plenty of time to wonder about her master...and his dragon. Their arrival had gone little better. Without releasing his grip at all, Firestriker had transformed to man and dragged her up some familiar stairs and right back to the white room she had started in.
He had tossed her what looked to be one of his own shirts and ordered her to cover up. Then he left, not returning for hours, as she sat, nerves strung, at the end of the bed.
She nearly stumbled over her own feet twice as they approached the Archon, exhaustion pulled at her. When it didn’t appear she was to be punished immediately on Firestriker’s return, her anxiety subsided, but it left her drained.
The Archon’s brows rose at Firestriker’s statement, a silent question or command to present his excuse.
“Kurath and his pack were in the aerie.”
The Archon’s lips turned downward, his forehead creased. “Yes, I have received the report.” He rose from his draped position, placing a well-worn book on the armrest.
“This is bad news, Dynarys,” a crease formed between his brows. “Kurath and his followers were banished for a reason. You caught them before they did any harm?”
“They caught me, actually,” Firestriker explained, as they came to a stand at the foot of the dais. “He challenged me to Konois-gar.”
The Archon straightened. “Impulsive dog,” he muttered, pacing back toward their end of the dais. “And now? Can I expect vengeance from his pack for the next twenty years?”
Firestriker shook his head, “I did not kill him. His adherence to the rules was non-existent, I was not bound to honor the challenge. Actually, I believe that the attack was less about the Konois-gar and more about something else.”
“Oh? Explain.” If the Archon had seemed to be on the verge of relaxing, Firestriker's words restored his tension.
“Kurath challenged me, and his warriors swarmed me, but there was at least one other wolf within the aerie walls; they had some sort of signal between them.”
The Archon grunted and then flopped back into his chair. It seemed like a movement of defeat to Gayriel; a man carrying a heavy burden.
“But was it one of Kurath's Shifters...or our own? Someone had to let that pack in. It is too coincidental to believe that someone here is not involved.” He sighed. “It seems like we have traitors in our midst again.”
“So it seems,” Firestriker agreed.
“It is unfortunate that we rely on the Shifters so much, and I worry that it will be our downfall.” He sighed. “We need that orb Dynarys, did you fetch a suitable slave for me?”
“Yes sir,” Firestriker stepped aside and waved a hand Gayriel's direction, and for the first time, the Archon’s eyes moved toward her. His gaze was cold and assessing. It was like being back at the choosing house, and his look said he was not impressed.
Not that he should be. Firestriker’s shirt was too large and, though it pressed against her breasts nicely, it would only hide the rest of her figure, and the pair of pants he had shoved at her when he returned were no better. She had to roll the waist six times before they would stay put on her hips, giving the impression of an unsightly bulge beneath the loose shirt.
But the truth was, it didn’t matter what the Archon thought of her. She would not be his slave any more than she would belong to Firestriker. She worked at tamping down the angry betrayal she felt that Firestriker had bought her for someone else. It was an irrelevant feeling, and pointless.
She had escaped this fortress once, and she would do it again. Nothing short of death would stop her.
After a long moment, the Archon nodded. “She has the spirit necessary, you explained what she is to do?”
Wait...what? Wasn’t the reason for buying a bedroom slave because she already knew what to do? She had assumed...
“There has been a distinct lack of time, and as you mentioned, I was already late,” Firestriker said flatly.
She could have been mistaken, but she thought she noticed the Archon’s lips twitch upward slightly. “Woman,” he called, “come closer.”
Surreptitiously, she peeked at Firestriker. He stood to the side, passive and calm. No sign of the possessive nature she had glimpsed so far. And no help at all.
The Archon huffed, signaling his impatience, so she shuffled forward obediently. 
“You will have to train her to contain her emotions,” the man said as she neared.
“Noted,” Firestriker replied dryly.
Gayriel tried not to frown. She thought she was doing a commendable job of keeping her face in the passive mask she had been taught. She stepped up the dais and moved toward the Archon until he raised a finger indicating she should stop. It was a relievingly distant position, too far to have intimate expectations.
“What is your name?” he demanded.
She hesitated, what did he care for her name?
“Gayriel.”
The Archon nodded, then leaned forward, his eyes intense on hers. Everything about him was intense. She resisted the urge to look at Firestriker for direction.
“Freedom,” he stated.
Confusion drew her brows together. “Pardon?”
“That is what we offer. Freedom from slavery of any kind. Freedom to choose your own path, and enough gold to buy a new life.”
She blinked. He must be jesting. Three hundred platinum quarry to purchase her...in order to free her? This time she did glance at Firestriker, her brows clashed together and a frown tugged at her lips. He made no move to clarify for her, however, just stared at her with an unreadable expression.
“In exchange for one service,” the Archon continued. “One we believe only a woman with your training might accomplish.”
This was making less and less sense. She was the slave here, why not simply command her service?
“What service?” she decided to ask.
“The apprehension of an important item. We believe it is hidden in a vault in the bedchambers of Celcath Nightshade, Archon of the Onyx aerie...an orb, specifically.”
“You want me to sneak into Celcath’s bedroom in exchange for my freedom?”
“Dear woman, if sneaking into the room were possible we would have no need of your services. You must be invited in. It will not be an easy task, nor is it without risk to your life. If you are discovered, Celcath will not hesitate to have both you and my men killed.”
She shuddered. That sounded less than appealing. After all her training and worry, this is what became of her? A pawn in some battle between beasts. Suddenly, she felt a little foolish and naive that she thought Firestriker wished her for himself.
She is not for me.
But he hadn’t faked his arousal.
As she stood there, for the first time in a very long while, she realized she held some power in her own life. Even now, the Archon waited for her reaction. They needed her cooperation, not simply blind obedience.
“If I refuse?” she questioned. Behind her, she sensed Firestriker stiffen. Afraid he made the wrong choice? That she would embarrass him in front of his Archon? Or did something else bother him?
“Then you will be returned to the choosing house and we will select another, more willing slave,” the Archon growled. She had displeased him. He expected she would reach for the gift of freedom he offered without thought.
She mulled over his words. So much for gaining power in her life. Her choices were to put her life in danger for a struggle not her own and earn freedom, or go back to where she began and hope her plans worked out better on the next round.
...And then risk her life once more to escape a new master.
“Your decision on this matter must be immediate, we have lost too much time as it is,” the Archon prompted. “Do you accept or refuse?”
She frowned, worried she might be digging herself into a trap she could not escape from. “I accept,” she said at last.
The Archon nodded, satisfied.
“Two important points. First, only Dynarys, and myself know of your purpose. You will keep it that way on pain of death,” his amber eyes flashed with dark promise.
She swallowed.
“Second, you will masquerade as a representative of your human city. It is not so unusual that Celcath will question your presence.”
“But,” she began...just what had she agreed to? “I know nothing of the city’s higher ranks.”
“Celcath cares not for human ways; he will not care for anything you have to say politically. I would be surprised if he paid you any attention at all. That my dear, is the challenge. There is a day yet before the delegation will be prepared. Dynarys will brief you on what you need to know, you are both dismissed.”
Firestriker turned promptly, tilting his head for her to follow. She stepped from the dais, a little shocked at how fast fate had turned.
“Oh, Dynarys?” the Archon called as they neared the far doors.
Dynarys paused.
“I trust you explicitly with her...but it might be wise to keep her from Strale. He will want to try her for a mate, and on the off chance she is...well, Celcath will smell it on her. He will never believe a dragon’s mate trying to get into his bed. In fact,” he paused, his amber gaze studied her intently. He raised a hand to scratch at his beard. “...I suggest you keep all the unmated dragons at a distance.”
CHAPTER 7
Sleep was a blessed thing. This time, when Firestriker returned Gayriel to the confinement chamber and set a guard outside, she hardly cared. She strode directly to the bed in the darkened room and fell upon it, grabbed one edge of the buttery silk coverlet and rolled herself into slumber.
She awoke to a harsh, impatient knocking.
She must have slept, the decimated bed was proof, but her body encouraged her to ignore the noise and fade back into dream, some wild imaginings of dragons and their unique body parts.
She opened her eyes, surprised to find the room much brighter than when she had closed them. She angled her head upward and noticed, for the first time, rows of vents. These were square, unlike the ones in Tharissa’s sitting room, and tiny, but their effect was the same.
The knocking repeated, and this time it was accompanied by a set of unhappy mutters.
Why wasn’t the guard taking care of...whoever it was?
“Yes?” she called. Her throat was dry and the word came out more of a croak. She cleared it and tried once more.
“Finally,” a distinctly male voice echoed. “Lord Firestriker ordered us to bring you a bath, are you decent Lady Delegate?”
Lady Delegate.
She winced in shame, how far a charade from the truth.
“Yes, I am dressed,” she called.
Immediately, the doors opened and revealed the reason for the impatience. Four very large men carried a fat wooden tub. The way their muscles strained, it must have weighed as much as a horse or two. They moved in without a word and plunked the tub in a corner of the room. Behind them, a line of boys, youth nearly grown, carried buckets of steaming water.
She pulled the covers around herself as she sat. 
The procession was fast and efficient and, within a matter of minutes, the tub was filled to the brim with steaming liquid. The last youth carried a bucket of petals, three towels, and a bar of some yellow soap. He placed the towels and bar in a neat stack near the tub and then dumped the petals directly into the water. Then he was gone, and the door closed behind him.
No one had spoken, or asked if she wanted a bath. She did, but she wondered if a delegate would have more say in when. 
Lady Delegate.
A young girl’s dream, to make it to the nobility. The city streets were mired in troubles, sometimes the only way to escape was to daydream. And now she played at it for real.
A sweet sugary perfume reached her nose, tempting her to the edge of the bed. She abandoned the coverlet altogether and padded across the stone toward the tub. It was a large beast of a thing, the rim nearly reached her waist. Wide enough for two of her at least, and long enough she should be able to recline without bending her knees too far. 
In short, it looked delicious. She shed the shirt and pants she wore, chucking them in a heap close to the towels and stepped in.
Her muscles cried in ecstasy when the heat reached them. The climbing and the running of the day before punished her with aching limbs and bruises. The bottoms of her feet stung, the many cuts and sores making their presence known.
She ignored them and lowered herself slowly, until only her neck and head were above the waterline.
At first, she worried that she might doze as she sat, slide beneath the water, and risk drowning. Instead, a wary alertness grew within her, turning her thoughts from one to another.
Seduce Celcath, steal his orb, and she earned her freedom.
Sounds simple.
Right.
Impersonate a noble, without flaw. Become interesting, engaging enough to draw the attention of a man who apparently isn’t expected to like her. Then, if she can earn an invitation to his bedchambers, find some mysterious orb and remove it without his notice.
And though she doubted it was on the Archon’s mind at all, avoiding actual consummation was her own personal goal. She scrubbed at her face.
What was this orb anyway? And why didn’t Firestriker just tell her what she was bought for? 
The water was cooling, so she grabbed the soap, holding it so it didn’t touch the wounds on her fingertips. Now that the blood was washed off, they didn’t look so bad, but soap would sting.
She remembered the gentle manner in which Firestriker...Dynarys inspected them. He should have been thinking of ways to punish her insolence, but he hadn’t. It wasn’t even mentioned. Nothing in this world made sense and she was left feeling a little bit like a lost child in a crowd. She needed to understand the Dragon Lords and their ways if she was going to seduce one.
She stayed in the bath until gooseflesh rose along her arms. Then she stepped out and rubbed herself dry with the soft fluffy towels the youth had provided. In a moment, she was redressed and running her fingers through her hair, pulling out the worst of the knots.
There was no mirror in the chamber, so she could not check her appearance. She hated the way such things made her stomach twist, so conditioned was she by the choosing house and the punishment exacted if she were to appear less than perfect. Had it really been only a day...or was it two now? She sat at the end of the bed. It would take time to undo all of that conditioning, she imagined. She prayed to the Six that she might receive that time as a free woman.
Knocking startled her awake—apparently she was still tired enough to doze sitting upright.
“Yes?” she answered, it felt very odd for people to be requesting her input to enter the room.
The door opened and Dynarys strode in. He had bathed recently, as well, droplets of water still hung from his short dark locks. His face was clean of stubble, the strong lines defined in the room’s light. He wore his usual black clothes and multiple sheaths, the wings that had graced his back now gone. Her rested mind had the energy to remember his form without clothes and it was busy doing just that.
“Is something wrong?” he asked with a slight frown.
“Ah...no,” she lied.
Foolish girl.
She noticed then that he held a bundle in his left hand, mostly because he tossed it toward her. She caught the fabric. Clothes of some type. It was red, a deeper color than the dress she had ruined, more of a blood red than crimson. She blinked as it unfolded. It wasn’t one piece, as she had first imagined, but a collection of strips, held together subtly in the essential areas and gaping in the rest. This would expose far more of her flesh than the choosing house dress, and even some of the bedroom wear that she had expected to bring. She frowned at it. She had learned her lesson with silly useless dresses. They were not practical.
“Put it on,” Dynarys commanded, though he made no move to leave. What? Did he think she would dress with him staring at her like that? And she decided, if she was given a choice, she would wear no such thing.
She stared back at him. Contemplating her new position. They needed her cooperation, which rose her standing slightly higher than the ‘obey or be punished’ of slavery.
“Do you ever just do as you are told?” he grumbled after a moment. “How did they deal with you in that choosing house?”
She ignored his muttering and looked back at the fabric, making a decision. 
“I won’t wear this,” she told him at last. “It looks impractical.”
“Impractical,” he mouthed. Then he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Many human women wear such things while they are at the aerie. You need to wear clothing if we are to go into public today.”
She looked at the dress critically, the way he said that many human women wore such clothes led her to believe this had belonged to one of them. Maybe a lover? How else would he gain possession of it? An irrational jealousy jabbed at her.
“I will wear these,” she gestured downward. “At least I can move in them.”
Dynarys’s amber eyes narrowed and he took a step closer. For a moment, she thought he meant to force her into the dress, should she like it or not.
“I am no longer your slave,” she forced the words to come out smoothly, and not hitching with nerves as they wished to. “In fact, I never was.”
“Is that the problem here? You wish to learn your place?”
Now Dynarys advanced fully, already within arms-reach. And she retreated, coward that she was, until her legs bumped against the end of the bed and could go no farther.
Dynarys did not stop. He crowded into her space until she had no choice but to reach out to him for balance or topple onto her backside.
He snatched her arms, holding them tight against his chest. Heat seared through them. She breathed in a deep lung-full of rainstorm.
“I am not one to be defied...or denied Lady Delegate.” 
Desire hit her hard, her nipples pebbled beneath the contours of her shirt. She wondered, vaguely, if he would notice such a thing. He leaned closer, and with her hands trapped in his she had nowhere to go unless she leaned back over the bed. It didn't take much intelligence to know that would not be a wise move. She looked away from his intense focus, her gaze sliding naturally to his slightly parted lips. Would he kiss her now?
He held her there for a long moment, his breath fanning her face. “If you were wise, you would simply submit to my request.”
She did not struggle, she was no match for his strength, anyway. But she did not capitulate either, or take back her words. He raised a hand to her cheek, keeping her captive with the other. Long fingers brushed at a damp black lock that rested there and then rubbed the remaining droplet off her skin. His fingers felt warm and rough, his touch gentle. She could very much imagine him touching her elsewhere, as well.
Dynarys let out a deep breath, his muscles bunched and then slowly relaxed. “You tempt a fate you do not understand, Gayriel, I only have so much control.”
His words echoed those of Tharissa, what seemed like days ago now. Control over what? His dragon? How did that work? Was the beast within him, listening?
“Very well. If you wish to appear in this state, I will not stop you,” Dynarys growled at last and released her, stepping back toward the doors. 
Cold air rushed in where his heat had pressed against her. She wobbled unsteadily for a moment, sucking in a deep breath of her own, then she narrowed her eyes at him. His words gave her what she wanted, but why did that sound like a trap?
It was too late to waver, however, he had moved to the door and gestured impatiently. “Come, it is market day and you require a wardrobe for our delegation.”
She followed, eager to escape the room. Two guards lined either side of the door in the hall. They watched impassively as she passed, but did not meet her eyes.
“Why do they do that?” she asked after a distance.
“Do what?” Dynarys paused, frowning back down the hallway searching for some great offense.
“Look away from me. Scet does it as well.”
“Ah,” he relaxed and stepped forward once more, leading her toward the stairs that opened into the courtyard. “It is part of their culture. For the Shifters, eye contact is often a challenge, either of authority or an invitation to mate.”
“Oh.” Well, that was relieving, actually.
Early morning sunlight filtered down between pillars, giving the white bricks a pink glow. Dew dampened the air and hung in jewels from the fruit trees. She noticed that a few of the plants were missing, and despite having obviously been cleaned, the stones on the ground were stained with blood.
Dynarys had been so casual when he mentioned the battle to the Archon, but faced with the evidence, she realized the seriousness.
“How did you escape death?”
Dynarys looked at her, one brow raised. The light slashed across his face, highlighting long thick lashes and the beginning of stubble darkening upon his jaw. She swallowed and forced her eyes back to her path.
“There were so many wolves, why didn’t they tear you apart?”
He snorted softly. “I see I need to work on your confidence in my abilities.” He looked toward her speculatively. “I am very skilled, both in and out of battle.”
“And modest,” she muttered in return. She could feel color rising to her scalp at his insinuation.
The corner of his lip twitched upward. He turned into a familiar corridor.
“I thought we were going to the market?”
He paused outside of Tharissa’s door.
“Since my clothing choices do not please you, I have decided to enlist some aid,” he rapped his knuckles against the wood.
Shuffling behind the door halted anything she might have said. The wood swung outward into the hall and a man stood in the frame. A naked man.
Her breath caught. Great Six was there no end to the male perfection in the aerie? The man in the door—Morkuth, she assumed—was tall and broad, defined by muscles like every Dragon Lord she had encountered. Black hair stood cropped into short spikes that stuck out in charming disarray. An old scar on his cheek twitched as he scowled at Dynarys. No wings protruded from his back and she wondered vaguely what color they would be when they did.
“What is it Dynarys?” He urged at last.
She tore her gaze from the view to find Dynarys glaring furiously at her. What had she done now?
“Lady Gayriel needs a wardrobe. I thought Tharissa might be willing to help her choose.”
Morkuth eyed her, his eyes traveled from her bare feet to the loose fitting shirt and tangled hair. A smirk grew on his face,.
“Indeed?” he chuckled. “I will fetch her. I believe she will be happy to aid Lady Gayriel.”
He abandoned the doorway, leaving it open.
“He is mated.”
“Huh?” she looked to Dynarys once more.
“Morkuth is Tharissa’s mate, you should respect that position.” He glowered at her and then faced the doorway, brooding in silence.
“Was I disrespectful? I don’t know much of your culture. Should I avoid eye contact?”
“I believe ogling another woman’s mate is frowned upon in any society.”
She opened her mouth to object, but the truth was she had been admiring Morkuth’s form. “Perhaps if the men around here had less of a penchant for walking around nude that would be achievable,” she argued.
The dark cast of his face didn’t brighten.
“Gayriel?”
Tharissa appeared where Morkuth had vanished. She wore a golden, fitted gown that tightened about her breasts, pushing them upward and displaying her ample cleavage. The skirts remained loose enough for easy movement, but their soft sheen glimmered in the light from the vents. The gold seemed to catch the green of her eyes as they sparkled out at them. She blinked for a second at Gayriel's appearance, but wisely did not say anything. “Morkuth says you wish to shop?”
“Lady Gayriel requires an entire wardrobe, are you up for the challenge?” Dynarys said before she could open her mouth to respond.
“Lady Gayriel?” Tharissa squeaked. Apparently the new title surprised her as much as it did Gayriel. She rubbed her beautiful face and muttered something that sounded suspiciously like I’m a fool.
“Morkuth?” she called back into the dwelling, “I am heading to the market.”
“I will escort you,” he called back. “Allow me to dress woman...unless you wish to come back here for a moment...or hour...first.”
Tharissa blushed red, her eyes met Gayriel's and she gave her a sheepish grin. “Ah, I don’t think our guests wish to wait that long.”
Morkuth appeared, even as she spoke. He wore black, similar to Dynarys, but a looser fit, and with less blades. “You are right, love. I will need far more than an hour.”
He kissed her furiously, pressing her against the doorjamb with his body.
It was Gayriel's turn to blush; she stared at the stone tiles. The one at her feet had a chip on the edge and, at the moment, it was the most fascinating thing in the world.
“Maybe we should look for help elsewhere,” Dynarys grunted. He was annoyed now, but his foul mood seemed to have dissipated. He raised a brow at her, as if to prove his point about Morkuth being mated.
“No,” Morkuth and Tharissa separated, at last, though he held to her like he had no intention of letting go. “Tharissa wishes this, and I wish my mate happy.” He growled, bit her neck and then propelled her into the hallway.
Tharissa shook her head a little, dazed, her lips puffed up a bit from the rough kiss. Then she looked up at Gayriel and smiled wryly.
“Let’s get to the market, before he changes his mind.”
CHAPTER 8
Dynarys blinked several times as his eyes adjusted to the morning sun gleaming down on the main courtyard. The space was transformed for this day into a bustling market with colorful stalls and the press of thousands of bodies into a tight space. He disliked it now about as much as he always had. There was no room in such a space to defend oneself, should the need arise. He would rather take a position near the edge of the crowd, against a wall, and watch the spectacle from there. However, Tharissa led Gayriel without hesitation into the throng of shoppers and booths.
The sway of the woman's hips was enticing, even covered in his rolled down pants.
He snorted, wondering what she would do if she knew that wearing his clothes in public marked her as his far more than any dress she might have worn. Perhaps then she would have capitulated to reason. But there was a small part of him that received a level of satisfaction when male eyes found her and then swung toward him, linking them together. It might just prevent any exuberant pursuit toward her, too, and save him a great deal of potential trouble.
“An interesting catch,” Morkuth commented. The man strode beside him, apparently unaffected by the increased population. He moved with ease and grace. The crowd naturally parted for the Dragon Lords, but there was an extra reverence given to Morkuth, something in his manner and confidence that drove the weak fleeing before him and adoring glances from the rest.
Adoring glances like the one Gayriel had worn. Dynarys worked to tamp down the irritation that spiked once more. Did the man have to answer the door naked? She had stared at him like a decadent buffet awaiting her tastes, and it made him want to hit something. Hard. Preferably Morkuth, but that would be a poor repayment for the loyalty the man had shown to him. A loyalty that had also been shown to his father, though heavens knew the man had done little to deserve it.
“She might be,” he admitted. All fire and vitality and thirst for life, no doubt she would make a fascinating mate, but she had a more important task, one that he would see fulfilled.
“What news from the ranks?” he changed the subject.
Morkuth surveyed him from the side of his eyes, a question of propriety maybe, or appropriateness of the location for this discussion. Dynarys held his gaze, crowded market or not he preferred to know what he dealt with on this delegation.
“Nothing has been mentioned, are you concerned...General?”
Dynarys clasped the hilt of his favorite blade, a wickedly sharp creation passed down along his line since history remembered. A sign of his family's honor. A sign that he belonged here.
“Kurath was in the aerie last night.”
“And you think that one of your men let him in? That's a wild accusation, even for you, Firestriker.”
“Some are displeased with my advancement. It would be a convenient way to be rid of a leader that they do not have a taste for.”
“Yet one of your men would know better, know that it would take far more than a jealous Shifter to take you down. And they would risk exposing themselves. The real question is what was it that Kurath wanted?  He isn't such a big fool as to think he could best you within the aerie.”
Dynarys grunted. He had no answer for that, and Morkuth made far too much sense. He would have rather it be one of the men now under his command; at least that was predictable. If it was not, then who did seek to press battle upon him...and why? He hated to admit it, but there were a fair few options.
“I was unable to determine what Kurath sought.” Because he had been busy chasing down Gayriel. Putting a woman before duty. Just like my father.
“That's a shame. I wouldn't mind having a reason to fry that Shifter...no offense.”
Dynarys raised a hand, accepting the apology. “There is no love between us.”
Morkuth studied him once more. “I will keep my eyes and ears open, Dynarys. Whoever seeks this traitorous path will be exposed as the coward he is.”
***
The market was a packed collection of brightly colored tables and booths. They sprawled across the main courtyard, the same one Gayriel had exited the carriage in. No less than fourteen guards stood at the gate, watching travelers coming in and out of the aerie with goods and belongings. A harried looking youth stood with them, directing sellers to their places with a chart he clutched tightly in his hands.
She felt a tug of sympathy for the boy; it didn’t look as if he chose the task for himself and he appeared miserable.
Guards lined the courtyard, as well, concentrated at each of the exits that led farther into the aerie. These were not smiling, lazy warriors; intimidating and terrifying were the words that came to her mind.
So many people crowded into the space that it felt rather like the city, albeit cleaner than the areas she was used to. She found her emotions tugged back in time, as she struggled to mesh the scene and events.
“Let’s start there, for everyday items. Then we will work our way back for intimates and ceremony dresses,” Tharissa pointed to a blue painted stall with merry yellow trim. The seller was an ancient woman, shriveled and hunched with curly wires of gray hair sticking out about her head. And she was close enough that they wouldn’t need to press through much of the crowd to get there.
“Are these people,” Gayriel indicated the men, women, and children packing the spaces between stalls, “all from the aerie?”
Tharissa chuckled, as she stepped into the flow of bodies. Gayriel followed quickly, determined not to get lost or separated. She could feel the presence of Dynarys and Morkuth at their backs, far enough she was certain they were trying to afford the women what privacy they could, but close enough that none could mistake their protection.
“Great Six, no. As you must know, most of these vendors are from your city. The crowds often follow them, eager for a peek at the great Dragon Lords, or the mysterious Shifters. The value of the wares provided doesn’t hurt when it comes to drawing a crowd, either. The aerie is rich in ways that most humans can never hope to be, even the nobles. The vendors are often presenting items that are far beyond reach of those from the city.” She seemed to think for a moment. “If you’ll pardon my saying,” she added.
Gayriel didn’t know such things, but she didn’t say so.
“Lady Gayriel, I have to ask you to excuse me. I had no idea you were a delegate when I asked for you to join me yesterday. I’m afraid I caused you many problems you might not have had otherwise.” Tharissa frowned and toyed with a band of silver that spiraled along her forearm. “I also said things that...,” she cringed, “I probably shouldn’t have.”
Gayriel smiled, charmed by Tharissa's abrupt honesty and friendly nature. It was a true apology and it touched her, while making her feel a little guilty for her deception.
“I hold no grudge against you,” she told the woman. “I enjoyed your company.”
Tharissa's face lit with a brilliant smile. “Ha! I knew I liked you. Come on, there’s some gorgeous jade lace I just spotted that you need to own.”
Having regained her exuberance, it was impossible not to grow fond of Tharissa. She bubbled with life, her excitement for everything overflowing and contagious. She studied the jade lace, which turned out to be the top piece of a complicated garment.
“Yes, this is perfect,” Tharissa nodded, holding the lace up to Gayriel's chest. “Except I can’t get a good feel for sizing while you’re wearing...er...that.”
Right. Gayriel peeked at Dynarys, who happened to be close enough to overhear the comment. His brow raised in an “I told you so” expression.
“We will just have to trust that it won’t be too small; if it is too large, I can adjust it myself this afternoon.” She turned to the seller. “We will take this green one, and,” she hummed thoughtfully, tapping her bottom lip. “Three of your platinum bangles; make sure to include that one there, with the hint of emerald.”
“Of course, great lady,” the old woman bobbed happily, making quick work of folding the lace top and silken skirts that joined it. She plucked up three bracelets and popped them on top, wrapping them in a round of soft looking cloth and tying a cord about the entire package. Her hands flew so fast Gayriel wondered at her age; she looked to be nearing a century, but her speed and energy said otherwise.
“That will be four platinum quarry,” she wiggled her fingers, indicating the beginning of a good round of bartering.
Gayriel paled.
Four platinum quarry was more money than she had ever seen at once. A street child was unlikely to ever see a single platinum quarry. She remembered the amount Dynarys had paid at the choosing house, but she hadn’t actually seen the money change hands.
A hand reached in front of her, knocking the sellers fingers. She blinked to find Dynarys so close.
“Two platinum quarry, and you will remain at the aerie to see to the lady’s fittings.”
“Bah,” the old woman scoffed, though the corner of her lip quirked upward and her eyes danced. “You will make a beggar out of me. I need at least three platinum quarry to cover the material for that dress. The lace was imported from the far west, you know. You cannot find such delicate strands anywhere else, just you try.”
Tharissa rolled her eyes, grinning. She latched onto Gayriel's arm and pulled her away slightly, scanning the market for her next attack.
As much as Gayriel was enjoying her presence, and the excitement of the crush of people, the cost of the dress drew her back to reality slightly. Enough that she remembered the charade she was playing at, and her mission for freedom. She needed as much information as she could manage or her chances were next to nothing.
“So most of the people here are from the city?” Gayriel looked around at the crowds. “Are there any other women in the aerie?”
“Most definitely,” Tharissa grinned wryly. “It would be a tense place if I was the only woman around. Then Morkuth would never allow me anywhere.”
Gayriel's lip turned up a little but she was still pondering. “You are the only woman I have seen since arriving.”
Tharissa nodded. “The women are regulated to the more protected areas of the aerie, for the most part, that consists of the inner buildings and their courtyards and gardens. Both the Dragon Lords and the Shifters are highly protective of their families, but there are many here today, and you will meet most of the mates at the banquet tonight...It isn’t as lonely as I made it sound yesterday. I just like new people, and that doesn’t happen too often.”
It sounded, for a moment, like Tharissa was trying to sell her on the aerie. It made sense, she supposed that she wanted visitors to like her home. But the calculating look on her face told Gayriel she was plotting in that mind of hers.
“Shifters...those are the men who become wolves?” Gayriel shuddered.
“Men and women,” Tharissa told her, slowing her pace. “And I have heard they can have other forms. I am not certain which, though, and I have never seen it for myself. They are sort of secretive, and protective of their ways.” She stopped at a small booth with a collection of breast bands displayed proudly for all to see. “They are not all like Kurath and his pack,” she muttered, her voice hardly loud enough to be heard, “but you cannot deem them friendly, either. Tread carefully with them Lady Gayriel,” she warned.
That was all good and fine, but... “Then why share the aerie with them? And how will I know which ones they are?”
“It’s complicated. And probably something we shouldn’t discuss here,” she looked around. “But I will tell you that the Dragon Lords and Shifters depend on one another, though neither relishes that dependence. As to knowing which is which...well, other than their sex, the biggest indicator would be their behavior. As I mentioned, the Shifter’s ways are very different.”
“Their sex?”
“Yes, there are female Shifters, but not Dragon Lords. So if you meet a woman here, she is either a human or Shifter...,” she narrowed her eyes at Gayriel. “Honestly, I am surprised you don’t know this. What is the city doing sending you to represent them without any knowledge at all?”
Gayriel cringed inwardly. On pain of death, she was not to cause this type of suspicion. 
“I am replacing another, due to an illness,” she lied, thinking quickly. And then, because she could not help herself, “how is it possible for a race to have no females?”
“The dragon’s mating system is...unique. Something to do with the symbiont, I imagine. Reproduction is rare, and can only occur when both the dragon and the man interact in the mating. Once the dragon chooses his mate and they...consummate, as you put it, he can never have another. And the man would be stupid to attempt to do so since...,” she stopped. “Ah, it is supposed to be vastly more pleasurable with a mate, or so I’ve been told.”
“But that doesn’t explain why there are no women,” Gayriel frowned. 
“Oh, sorry. I forgot what your original question was. There are no females because Dragon Lords can only produce male offspring,” Tharissa gazed out at the crowd almost wistfully. She had picked up a breast band and was fingering the material absently. “It is unfair really. They are a dying race, Gayriel.”
She looked at Gayriel, a corner of her lip turning upward. “But perhaps The Six will see to it more of them find mates,” she winked, but then her face grew serious. “I am happy to help you with your questions, if you have them. But if you are going to be associated with Dynarys, I ask you to be careful, especially gathering information about the Shifters. There are those who would see to hurt him with such things.”
Gayriel's brows crashed together. “How so?”
But Tharissa shook her head, unwilling to divulge farther.
“Did she get her four platinum quarry?” She aimed her question behind Gayriel. Gayriel tried not to flinch at the idea that the Dragon Lords had been close enough to hear the conversation. She turned toward them as they sauntered nearer, but the expressions on their faces were serene, if a tad amused.
“Three Platinum and five golden quarry, but a promise to tailor everything we purchase today, if we give her a space to work.”
Tharissa snorted. “She took you. The dress isn’t worth nearly that much.”
“I couldn’t bring it on myself to barter her down much farther. The woman had to be at least eighty, what if I gave her heart failure?” Dynarys muttered, an amused note in his voice.
“Well then, we will have to give her plenty of work so she earns her pay. The lady will need at least three of these,” Tharissa dangled the breast-bands, each a different color, in front of Dynarys, “and I think next we will pick out something special for the banquet.”
CHAPTER 9
Gayriel held up the delicate silver fabric and eyed it warily. So much for functional. Something special consisted of two fitted lengths of silver satin with wide side panels of black lace. Not only would it leave nothing to hide, but it didn’t look easy to move in, not if she wanted to go faster than a slow shamble.
Yet her new role, if she were to embrace it fully, did not consist of dashing through forests and back-roads to earn her freedom. It consisted of seducing. Perhaps, in that sense, the dress was practical for her purpose.
She slipped it on, struggling a little to get it passed her hips. It pulled at her hair as it settled and she freed the dark locks from beneath it. She had brushed it and planned to leave it loose and flowing this night. 
As promised, the old woman had the dress fitting to perfection.  The lace revealed an uncomfortable amount of skin. The sides of her breasts were completely exposed, and most of her hips. She worried that, if she shifted wrong, she would reveal more than was appropriate at such an event. One of her damaged fingers snagged on the lace; she unhooked the broken fingernail gently and bit at the uneven edge. 
Her chamber had been invaded while they shopped. The tub and towels were removed and several pieces of furniture brought in: a small, dark wood table and chairs, a full length mirror, which propped against the far wall, a desk complete with parchment and ink, and a traveling trunk that now held the day’s acquisitions, six new dresses and accessories to match. 
The Dragon Lords spent quarry as if it were nothing but loose gravel; she had lost count of the total far before they had exhausted Tharissa.  The exuberant woman had ended the afternoon limp and happy. But the money and the crowds riled Gayriel's nerves and she was glad when it ended. 
Only now she had to survive her first test, play her role to satisfaction at a banquet full of Dragon Lords and their mates.
She let out a heavy breath, willing her hands to lose their tremble, and moved to the door. She was ready and her guard should know the way.
“Gay?”
The soft, feminine call and knock startled Gayriel. No one had mentioned the protocol for attending a banquet, and over time she had given up hope that someone would come to guide her. Dynarys had deposited her at the room and simply directed her to get ready. Dusk had fallen long ago, if the light coming from the vents corresponded to that of the outside, and the room was now lit with the glow of several lanterns.
“Yes?”
“Are you ready? Does it fit?”
Gayriel opened the door to Tharissa’s bright smile.
“Wow,” she grinned, “I knew that one was perfect.”
Gayriel had the same sentiments and, she admitted, a little relief at seeing Tharissa’s dress. It was a mixture of burnt orange and yellows, with delicate embroidered leaves. The fabric parted each time a leaf joined with another, giving the illusion that they were simply glued to her, until they flowed into a loose skirt that shimmered about her knees. Matched with the golden tan of her skin and the deep green of her eyes, the combination was breathtaking.
Gayriel stepped into the hall, noticing at once that both Dynarys and Morkuth waited farther down. The guards assigned to her door shifted slightly, a simple tilting of their heads. Knowing a little more about the Shifters, it no longer struck her as odd when they did not look up at her, and she took the tilting as their form of greeting. Of course, it could easily have been a gesture of distaste, or an agreement between the two to eat her later, when there were no witnesses. She shuddered a little, remembering her experience with the wolves. Tharissa mentioned other forms, but she had a feeling that they would be no better.
The Shifters fell in behind them as they moved toward the Dragon Lords, so she spent the trip down the hall attempting to stem her discomfort. She had the suspicious feeling that her wariness was transmitting to them loudly, which spiked her nerves even farther.
Dynarys tilted his head; he did not look happy and relaxed, as he had at the market. A subtle wariness had overcome him and he stood in stoic silence. He remained in what she was coming to think of as his uniform; only the sheaths were different, the plain functional ones changed to highly decorated, and even bejeweled replacements. He wore a torc around his neck, as well, the center of which formed an emblem of knot work.
She noticed Morkuth also wore one, though the emblem differed. A sign of their separate houses maybe? She made a note to ask about them later.
“Lady Gayriel,” Firestriker greeted, taking her hand and bowing his forehead to her knuckles. Amber flashed in his eyes when they lifted once more, traveling the extent of her appearance.
She shifted uncomfortably, wishing he wouldn’t look at her that way. It drew her mind in directions she didn’t want it to go.
Morkuth nodded to her, though his eyes never left Tharissa’s figure as she approached, a muscle twitched in his jaw. He looked more like a beast ready to pounce than a man ready for a social event. Dragon Lords, Gayriel decided, were sexually voracious.
She eyed Dynarys speculatively.
“What is she doing here?”
Tharissa’s mutter pulled her from the moment. She was frowning down the corridor, toward the main entrance, where a shadowy figure had detached from the wall and was making its way toward the group. The Shifter guards split immediately, allowing the shadow through.
Gayriel squinted, making out a sleek middle-aged woman with fiercely bound silver hair. She strode forward with an aggressive gate. Her clothes were a tightly fitting brown shirt, riddled with weapons, and dark pants that tucked into heavy boots. Dual swords hung from a sheath at her waist. With each stride, the tip of a bow and quiver peeked above her shoulder.
Dynarys’s fingers tightened on hers, he straightened immediately and scowled.
“Mother,” he greeted stiffly.
Gayriel's gaze flew to the woman who stopped precisely, just close enough to ensure discomfort. Her pale gray eyes passed over Gayriel with disinterest before resting on her son.
Odd, but she had never imagined Dynarys with a mother. It implied he had once been young and helpless, as opposed to...intimidating.
“Why are you here?” he demanded. No inflection of pleasure hinted that he was happy to see her.
“Last time I checked, I was still welcome,” she snorted, “in the aerie to see my son.”
Dynarys grunted, but did not acknowledge her words in any other way. There was a moment of awkward silence, where Gayriel desperately tried to blend in with the surrounding stone. 
Tharissa and Morkuth did not help; they frowned at the woman, adding to the distinctly hostile moment.
“Who is this?” the woman asked at last, jerking her head to indicate Gayriel.
Gayriel shrunk a little inside, though she tried not to show it outwardly.
“This is Lady Delegate Gayriel,” Dynarys stepped forward, pulling her hand and turning her to face the introduction directly.
Gayriel sighed inwardly; her blending attempts had failed. She stood straight and smiled at the woman politely; something about Dynarys's mother was vastly intimidating. It worried her that her smile was more of a cringe than she intended.
The woman did not smile back. She stepped closer, frowning.
“Mother...,” Dynarys warned.
Gayriel held her ground.
Oh, a big part of her wanted to run, or maybe cower, behind Dynarys and let him deal with the craziness that was his kin. But that stubborn foolish pride the managers had always bemoaned tangled her emotions. She might be low on the social scale, but she was not this woman's slave. So she met the woman's gaze directly, forcing her shoulders to square.
Pale lips pulled tight, and gray eyes narrowed. A daring, stupid part of Gayriel found that satisfying.
A low sound emanated from the woman’s throat.
Was she growling?
“Mother,” Dynarys snarled.
The woman grunted, glancing to him and then back toward Gayriel. “Lady Gayriel is it? I’m Illaise.”
“Pleased to meet you,” Gayriel lied.
Illaise narrowed her eyes, but said nothing.
“How did you get here? You didn’t travel alone again, did you?” Dynarys grumbled.
She looked back along the hall she emerged from. “After the fuss you raised last time? Of course not. My companions, however, are apparently not as welcome in the aerie as myself. They await me outside the gates.”
“Which brings me back to my original question. What are you doing here?”
Illaise tensed. “My scouts lost track of Kurath three days ago. I came to warn you, but it appears, by my reception, that I am late.”
Dynarys snorted, but his grip relaxed a little.
A small smile lifted the corner of her lips, before disappearing. “There is something more,” she added. “Something I would discuss in private,” her eyes flicked to Gayriel pointedly.
“Come, Lady delegate,” Morkuth commanded. He had Tharissa’s arm and was guiding her down the hall.
Gayriel's curiosity had piqued, however, and she fought between two urges: the first, to obey, and the second, to work her way into staying somehow.
Illaise glared her distaste, and Dynarys, seemingly accepting the inevitable, released her hand, giving her no excuse to remain. So she turned and followed Tharissa and her mate.
She did not like the worried glance Tharissa gave Morkuth when they turned from the hall.
***
The banquet was held in the central cathedral, a mammoth of a building that glowered down at its surroundings like an unhappy eagle that would protect its young.
Gayriel craned her neck upward and studied the peaks of its towers. They stretched into the night sky, high enough that she imagined an expansive view over the aerie wall and into the surrounding forest.
She and Dynarys had attended the Archon in that very building, but it spoke to that morning's exhaustion that she had not noticed its features.
Tharissa and Morkuth had not spoken since the encounter in the corridor, and the silence grated. There was something about the tense interaction that nagged at her. Or maybe it was the way that Dynarys had stiffened, but she suspected that Illaise did not visit often, and when she did, it was not for pleasantries.
Something shifted against one of the towers and Gayriel stopped, staring as a dragon stretched his wings before disappearing beneath the shadows once more.
“The protectors of the aerie,” Tharissa murmured, “along with the Shifter’s ground warriors, are a force to be reckoned with.”
She sounded fierce and protective. Gayriel wondered if Illaise’s appearance might have something to do with her mood.
She didn’t have a chance to ask, as Tharissa tugged at her arm and pulled her toward a set of double doors guarded by four men in heavy armor. They strode by them easily, as if recognized, which left the question: who were they there to keep out? Her mind flitted once more to Illaise, before she dismissed the thought. It hadn’t looked like she wished to attend a banquet. Gayriel's goal this night was to gain as much information on the Onyx Aerie and Celcath as possible, but now she wondered if she could learn more of Dynarys, and his mother, as well. After all, it was wise to know your friends, as well as your enemies, right?
All of her speculation fell from her mind when they passed the inner entrance chamber into the great hall. The walls of the room rose three times the height of a man, then curved gracefully to form the dome of the ceiling. Lanterns hung from carved vines that swooped across the dome and wound down toward the floor, lighting the hall with pools of gathered light much like the dapple of a sunlit forest.
The tinkle of multiple fountains filled the air along with a soft music, the source of which she could not discern. Though, she admitted, she wasn’t looking too hard. She was too busy staring at the gathering of people.
The chamber was crowded with striking men and a fair portion of women in various states of undress. Her concern over lace vanished as she watched a well-rounded blond slip from her dress and into the fountain on her left. A few male eyes turned her way with interest and she gestured to one, a brown skinned man with black curls cropped close to his head. He approached, grinning, amber eyes flashing. Gayriel stared in disbelief as he leaned in and took one of her dusky nipples in his mouth.
This was not what she expected when she was told to attend a banquet.
Tharissa sighed next to her. “Isn’t that the fountain where we discovered I was your mate?” She asked Morkuth, but the twitch of her lips told Gayriel she already knew, and was teasing him.
His eyes flashed, too, but at a much more intense level than the other man. Already, he was removing his shirt and allowing a wide set of deep red wings to stretch freely.
“You are tempting the poor beast,” he growled at his mate. “I thought you wanted to stay a while this time.”
“I don’t think I understand this banquet,” Gayriel looked away from the sexual display.
Tharissa had no such qualms. 
“You will find the Dragon Lords can turn any event into an excuse to tempt their beasts into choosing.”
Gayriel's confusion—and consternation—must have shown, for Tharissa chuckled. 
“They really didn’t prepare you to replace your counterpart did they?” She glanced at her. “You remember that I explained that the dragon only mates with one woman? Well, the Lord often doesn’t know the dragon has chosen until he climaxes,” she looked back to the couple in the fountain, “...and they like to test their possibilities. Although sometimes there can be early signs, before the mating.”
Just what had she gotten herself into? Would she be expected to enter the fountains? The thought sent a string of panic through her.
“Something wrong?” Dynarys spoke from behind her shoulder. She hadn’t heard him approach, but now he leaned in, crowding her with his body.
“Uh...no,” she turned to face him, conveniently putting the fountain behind her.
“No?” An eyebrow raised. “When you lie, your face goes completely passive. You are trying too hard.”
She frowned, looking for Tharissa. She and Morkuth had ventured from the entrance, however, and Dynarys leaned closer.
“This time, pretend you are answering a different question, one where your lie becomes the truth. You want me to believe that nothing is wrong, you want to say ‘no’ with conviction, so let’s pretend I’ve asked if joining me in the fountain would interest you.” His voice grew husky. “Now give me an answer.”
What answer? The nearness of his body and his scent teasing her nostrils confused her mind. She was supposed to say ‘no,’ but the second he murmured the possibility heat flared through her core and she could feel a distinct wetness gathering between her legs.
Would she be interested in displaying such actions for all to see? She had been trained to do so, should it please her master. Would it matter, so long as Dynarys was the one touching her? Would she even notice?
An amused, and somewhat intense gleam had entered his amber gaze. His eyes flared and she got the sense he struggled inwardly with something.
“Firestriker,” a Dragon Lord approached, separating from a group of women nearby.
She stared. She was certain he was one of the duelers, the first she had glimpsed of the dragons in the little courtyard near her rooms. But it was difficult to tell with him so nearly naked. His only covering was a strip of gold that rose over one hip and cupped his man-parts like a glittering jewel. She noticed, with a hint of bemusement, that the color matched that of the wings sprouting from his back.
He strutted as he walked, a broad grin aimed, first at Dynarys, and then toward her.
She had no trouble picking out each and every broad muscle, but in her shock, her eyes kept drifting to his golden package. How was it even held up? It pulled to one side, as well, giving a clear view of his obviously shaved testicles.
Dynarys stepped in front of her slightly.
“Strale,” he greeted, and it sounded genuine, if a little exasperated.
Strale was not put off. He flashed his teeth at Dynarys and clapped him on the shoulder in a friendly gesture.
Somehow, he wedged himself closer, offering his hand to Gayriel next.
She accepted politely and he bowed over her hand, touching it gently to his forehead. When he straightened, he brushed his fingers along her arm. A blatant invitation.
Subtly, she tried to pull away from his grip.
“Strale, there are several women over there mourning your lack of attention. Please leave our delegate unharrased,” Dynarys grumbled.
“Well, I would never disappoint a woman,” Strale grinned again and winked at Gayriel. Then his face grew serious and he murmured softly. “I wanted to show my allegiance. Pourtus is here. He is lobbying the Archon for a place on the delegation. I thought you should know.”
“Pourtus?” she ventured. Then she blinked at herself. Hard earned lessons were just slipping out of her grasp now. Speaking out when she wasn’t the one addressed...she had blue bruises for a week after her first offense.
She shrank back a bit into herself, but neither of the Dragon Lords noticed her mistake. They were too busy studying a white blond man, standing next to the Archon, whom Gayriel recognized. Pourtus was the first of the Dragon Lords that did not strike her as warrior stock. He was fit and trim, but his stature spoke more to speed and agility than strength. No wings sprouted from his back, in fact nothing out of place even neared the man. His robes were fashioned after those of the Archon, and the quality rivaled that of the older Lord.
A glower appeared on Dynarys’s face. “Not a friend of mine,” he told her. “Come, you should meet the Lords of the delegation.”
CHAPTER 10
Dynarys loosened the tension of his jaw. The muscles there were getting sore from his constantly gritted teeth. Bringing the woman here was a mistake. He should have locked her in her room and feigned an illness for her. No matter which direction he turned, interested eyes appraised her, many Lords approaching before his glares sent them back the direction they came. It was a headache he was unused to dealing with, and the only relief he might get was to claim her as his own tryst for the evening, which required touching her excessively to stake his claim...and that created its own problems. Ones that would be noticeable to the entire hall.
He moved her along, handling the introductions where they were necessary. Thankfully, she seemed content to passively nod and smile, and no one questioned his story about her, nor his association with her.
Despite having to be constantly on guard against approaching interested Lords, he found his mind drifting back to the interlude with his mother. Dark news seemed to cling to the woman, for she never appeared with any other purpose. Now, it was the Shifters of the forest going missing. Try as he might to remain emotionally detached from such tidings, he could not. The Archon might seek independence from the Shifters, an insurance against events such as Kurath's treachery, but the Lords would never be separate from the Shifter race. Trouble for their packs meant trouble for the Dragon Lords.
Right. Keep telling yourself that is why you care.
The truth was he did care. And for far more personal reasons, though he wished such reasons didn't exist. And now he must convince the Archon to care too. To allow additional members to their delegation on his behalf, as well as an additional purpose.
“Dynarys,” Cillumn approached nodding respectfully to both him and Gayriel. His gaze flicked to the woman's arm, where Dynarys held her, brushing his fingers along her skin absently. This Lord, he noted, did not have a woman with him, though he could spot several that looked his way with interest. Something like longing crossed Cillumn's features before he raised his eyes to Dynarys's.
Odd how different it was now that they were no longer boys playing their days out as sparring partners. Now that he was General, did Cillumn resent his promotion? He, too, had potential for leadership.
“May I speak privately with you for a moment?”
That didn't sound like the words of someone resentful. Dynarys nodded, guiding Gayriel to an alcove.
“Remain here,” he commanded, and stepped away, out of hearing range, but near enough to intervene should anyone approach.
Cillumn waited with the patience of a man who had little else to discuss than the changing of the weather.
“I have overheard rumor of a theft,” he muttered when they were alone. “From Lord Jaithuk's treasury. There is a certain sect that is quite upset about it, though no one will mention what was stolen nor has it been reported to the Archon.” He met Dynarys's eyes boldly. “I believe it might have to do with Kurath's incursion.”
“Why keep it secret?” Dynarys frowned. It made little sense. Then another question formed in his mind. “Which sect?”
“The one that has been lobbying for your dismissal from the aerie for the last ten years.”
“I thought those gray-hairs had given up.”
“Your promotion has stirred some of the old protests up. I am sure the Archon will tame them as easily as he did in the past. What I am not sure of, is what this has to do with recent troubles.” It was Cillumn's turn to frown; he placed a hand on Dynarys's arm, a symbol of brotherhood. “I am worried for you, my friend.”
Dynarys blinked. That was two shows of steadfast loyalty this night. He had never been one to carouse or partake in the rash entertainment with the other warriors. And though he tried to be fair, he knew that he was harsh and demanding during training. Respect he expected...camaraderie...was a pleasant surprise.
“Thank you, Cillumn. I will heed your warning, and watch for trouble.”
He looked up to the woman he was supposed to be guiding. She was scowling now, in a very unslavelike manner. 
He suspected that trouble might have found him on a number of levels.
***
Gayriel took a breath and tried to pretend Dynarys hadn’t closed in, crowding her with his body and subtly brushing his fingers along her waist, guiding her from one delegate to another.
She focused on trying to memorize the names and titles, so that she might match them to faces later on. Each and every delegate, besides herself, was a Dragon Lord. And each eyed her with interest as the lie was told. Delegate from the city. Lady Gayriel.
She filed away what Tharissa had told her, that each of the men were likely eager to try her for a mate. It certainly seemed that way, but it was not conducive to the calm air she wished to expound. Surely, a true delegate would possess a smooth grace in such a situation. It worried her that any moment one of the men would smell her lie.
Fortunately, Dynarys did the talking, and she found she had little to input besides a brief hello. So she concentrated, as they moved on, pretending she was in a peaceful setting, one where she felt confident in herself and her place. She decided if one could lie effectively by pretending to answer a different question, then one might hide their emotions by pretending another situation. And she needed her emotions concealed. Because it grated on her, the disadvantage of having her emotions available for all to see—or smell.
Sadly, she struggled to come up with such an imaginary place and, at last, settled for her bunk in the choosing house. She knew, there, exactly what was expected of her, and until a few days ago, she felt assured of her plan. So, in a quiet place of her mind, she focused on that.
It was hard to tell if it made a difference, being as she could not smell the emotions herself. But Dynarys paused now and again to look at her oddly.
They had managed to circle the room, meeting six Dragon Lords that would be traveling with them, as well as, she gathered from her passive role in the conversations, several units of Shifter guardians. 
To her consternation, they approached the fountain once more. Or one of them, anyway. She suspected Dynarys drew close on purpose, to fluster her. For a moment, she thought to make her displeasure known, but several couples gathered nearby and she wondered if there was yet another Dragon Lord to meet among them. Plus, all the other women seemed to enjoy the fountains—some more than others—and she didn’t wish to draw attention to her discomfort.
The humor of it didn’t miss her. A bedroom slave uncomfortable where Lords and their women were not.
Pretending she was in her bunk, and everything before her was only a dream, she followed the gentle pressure at her waist. The moaning and primal sounds of pleasure were a bit harder to block out.
“Where do all these women come from anyway?” she grumbled. They weren’t all mates of Dragon Lords.
“They come from the city,” he studied her face. “It is considered a great honor to be chosen by a Dragon Lord.”
Gayriel snorted.
“It is an arrangement you should be aware of, as delegate,” he tilted his head. “An old contract. Protection for the city in exchange for whichever women the Dragon Lords choose. Though, in modern times, we prefer they come to us on their own.”
“I have never heard of such a thing,” she frowned.
“As I said, we like our women willing. Your situation made that impossible.”
That was true, but in the city, rumors spread quickly. Especially about the nobles. Why hadn’t she heard of this exodus to the forest?
She studied the group they approached. It was a mix of tall, warrior-bred men and slightly clinging women of different shades and builds. They did look eager to be there. Only one, a blond woman with porcelain features, stood apart and unattached from a Lord.
Her dress, at first, appeared to be sleek and black. An elegant creation that clung tightly to her body, from her breasts to her hips, before flowing to the floor. Gayriel tamped down a little irritation, she would have been far more comfortable in something like that.
Until the woman turned.
As she moved beneath the light, the material turned sheer, proudly displaying her...everything. A mulish set came over her lips, as she watched Dynarys and Gayriel approach.
“Dynarys,” she greeted, lowering her lashes slightly.
The conversation of the group broke and they turned their direction. Strale, Gayriel noticed, was among them, arms wrapped around the waist of two scantily clad brunettes. He unwrapped one of them—to the woman's dismay—and sent Gayriel an inviting gesture.
She shook her head politely, the corner of her lip turning upward. Indomitable man.
“Finished showing off your woman?” Strale asked. A subtle question laced his words, his brows raised slightly.
Gayriel stiffened. She was risking many things, death included, for her freedom. She would not be labeled as belonging to anyone.
“I am not his woman,” she announced.
The group at large turned from their assessment of Dynarys, and stared at her. Dynarys stepped behind her, and placed his long fingers on her shoulders. A warning.
She ignored him.
“I belong to no man,” she added for emphasis.
They still stared; even the blond stared. At first she thought it was because she had not yet asserted herself at the aerie and it surprised them. But the longer they stared, the more she wondered if she had stumbled into a social mistake.
The blond recovered first, a sultry smile curved her pout upward.
“If that is so, maybe Dynarys would like to spend the evening with a more willing partner.” The suggestion that it would be herself was entirely plain.
“I have duties this evening,” Dynarys answered. His voice was remote, but Gayriel could still feel the tension in his fingers.
“It seems your assignment as the lady’s guardian may have been...premature,” the Lord who spoke was a bristling older man. His hair had turned silver long ago. Faint wrinkles creased his face, though his body retained a fitness most humans Gayriel had known would envy. A pale woman stood at his side, her white-blond hair vaguely familiar. Azure eyes regarded Gayriel skeptically, and she had a sense the woman did not quite approve. Of what, she wasn’t sure. “Perhaps the Lady delegate has tastes that run a little more pure.”
What?
Gayriel opened her mouth, and then closed it, not sure what she would say. It didn’t matter. The old man paid her no heed, as he stepped back from the small group, gesturing to someone across the room. She thought, for a moment, that she might have heard Strale groan in dismay, but the two bodies occupying the fountain behind her messed with her perception a little.
The old man returned, guiding a trim and fiercely handsome younger Lord. Gayriel recognized him immediately.
“My son, Pourtus,” the older man introduced.
Pourtus nodded sagely, a glass of deep red liquid perched between his fingers. His amber eyes were appreciative, until they reached the hands still set upon her shoulders. There was no mistaking the hard glint in them then.
“Pourtus will also be attending the delegation,” the old man continued. He paused and then smiled winningly at Gayriel. “You must be aware of the dangerous position your city has placed you in. I am sure they have their reasons, but a woman traveling the forest and into a strange aerie most certainly requires protection. Pourtus is a wise choice for your guardian. There is no doubting his loyalties.”
She was missing something in the conversation. There was certainly an insult in there somewhere, but for whom?
“If I were your guardian, you would not be going,” Pourtus dismissed his father with a wave of his hand. “There is no excuse to put a woman in danger in such a way. I expect as much from humans, but a Dragon Lord should know better.” He looked at Gayriel, ignoring Dynarys completely. “Your city can send another, you are not disposable.”
“Wait,” Gayriel protested, he had started to speak as though he owned her. She didn’t like it. “I did not ask for your protection, nor do I want it.” Not if protection was telling her what to do.
The group shifted, no doubt she had made another subtle mistake. She didn’t care.
The older man frowned, saying nothing. However, he and his mate stepped from the group to wander elsewhere.
“It is your choice, of course,” Pourtus conceded at last. “But you might wish to look at your chosen protector’s parentage before you make up your mind. And especially before you let him lead you from the aerie. At least you have met mine.”
Parentage?
“I have met Dynarys’, too. His mother at least, just before the banquet,” she argued. She was starting to dislike this man.
Dynarys’s fingers tightened on her shoulders, almost painfully. Strale groaned once more.
“Really?” Pourtus mused, glancing over the rim of his glass. The sparkling liquid inside sloshed against the edge as it rolled between his fingers. “An interesting choice, in times such as these, don’t you think? What is that saying...blood will tell?”
“There are many Shifters loyal to the old ways, association with them tells nothing,” Dynarys said, his tone indicating boredom with the topic. His fingers, however, had yet to loosen.
“Ah, that might be true, but Illaise is not one of those loyal, is she? In fact, as an Alpha of a free pack, some have speculated Illaise is behind the current bout of insubordination. And given her eldest son found his way into the aerie, as well, those suspicions have a great deal of support.”
Dynarys said nothing and Pourtus turned to Gayriel.
“Lady Delegate, the Firestriker blood might once have been royal, but surely it would be wise to ally yourself with a Dragon Lord with less...dubious affiliations, for the benefit of your fair city,” he raised his glass and trailed off toward the fountain.
She remained still, determined to keep her bunk imagery in place and block the mixed flood of emotions that threatened to overcome her.
Illaise, a Shifter. That explained a few things. It hadn’t occurred to her that the mixing of the two races would create such tension. It only seemed natural, given their intimate association. Yet Pourtus’s words proved otherwise. And Dynarys had mixed blood.
“You might have said,” she whispered to the man at her back. Not quite an apology.
Illaise had not behaved like a Shifter, in fact, she had met Gayriel's eyes nearly constantly while she spoke. Something to do with her Alpha position, Gayriel was certain.
“It did not concern you,” Dynarys said stiffly. She turned, so that she could see his expression, but he was staring across the hall to where Pourtus was conversing with several others.
He sighed. “It matters not. He would have discovered her anyway. It seems my mother has also wormed her way onto our delegation,” he paused at Gayriel's raised brows. Then he lowered his voice to a murmur. “It is becoming a dangerous front for your task.”
Her task. Right.
She wondered if the Onyx aerie would be as complicated. And how she would manage if it was.
CHAPTER 11
The wild forest was not as inviting in the daylight as she had imagined. Branches drooping with rotten bark and slime tangled with brilliant flowers and bright leaves. Death and life, a struggle before her eyes. Twice she spotted what she had thought was a vine slither off into the shadows after they passed. Unease struck her both times. How many snakes had she run beneath when she escaped into the trees?
Some of them must have been venomous as well, for when the warriors came close to them they sliced the head from the body eagerly.
Of course, she couldn’t be sure. Regulated to the single carriage in the procession, she was left alone with only her thoughts for company.
She frowned down at her fingers, laced on the brown simple travel skirts. The one outfit she had insisted on during the shopping excursion. Practical, despite being warned that human women rarely were.
She unlaced her hands and then folded them again. She did not like being shuttered away, but it was not only Dynarys who insisted this time. When she had voiced her protest, every Dragon Lord within earshot glared her direction. The Shifters had simply closed in around her, physically crowding her into the carriage.
But there was no way she was going to learn anything in there.
She was grouchy from the late night, and the havoc the banquet played with her emotions, leaving her sleepless and aching for something she had no business aching for. That, and feeling the weight of her task, caused her to glower at Dynarys when he opened the door. The carriage still moved, jostling over roots and rocks, the chosen trail hardly a road at all. She had wondered about that earlier, the path's seeming disuse and lack of maintenance. Now, Dynarys slid inside and sat opposite her.
She squelched the urge to slide to his feet as she had been taught, and it did not improve her disposition.
“Tell me about Celcath,” she demanded.
Dynarys blinked at her, his bafflement pulling a string of guilt from within. Great Six help her, but she wanted to please the man.
“Good morning to you as well,” he looked down to a bundle of cheese-cloth folded between his large hands. “Breakfast?”
He held out a skinned mango and a chunk of cheese. A little abashed, she accepted.
“I need to know, Dynarys. So far, I know nothing of your culture.”
Dynarys sighed, and leaned back against the cushions. She ignored the way his biceps rippled each time he moved and focused on his words.
“The Onyx Aerie is, in many ways, the same as the Amber. Our ‘culture,’ as you put it, stems around survival. Dragons are tough and fierce fighters; you will never have a better protector,” he raised a speculative eye, “or a more passionate lover. The dragon in us intensifies all of our primal urges. Some Lords have a great deal of control over their beast, others not so much.”
He paused and leaned forward. “Celcath is a man in control. I have heard that passion never so much as touches him. But do not let that fool you into complacency. His dragon is beneath the surface, and they dislike such restraint. Should you invoke the beast, I have no doubt he would kill without a thought.”
“Great,” she muttered, taking a bite of mango. She swiped at the juice that tried to escape down her chin. How was she going to seduce a man with no passion?
“Once you enter Celcath’s chambers, you will locate the safe and allow me entrance from the inside.”
“Wait. How am I going to do that? If I have been invited in, Celcath will likely be there too. It is not like he’s going to allow me to just open the door for you.”
“Then you will have to endeavor to get him to leave,” Dynarys shrugged.
Did he realize what he was asking of her?
“What is this orb you are after anyway?” 
Dynarys’s eyes hardened, his lips pinched into a tight line. “That is not your concern. You have one task.”
A task that would be made easier if she knew what she was after. What if she found the safe and Dynarys wasn’t available? How would she even know if she had the right item?
Dynarys folded his hands across his stomach and watched her, but he said nothing.
The carriage jostled and then stopped. A sharp order followed.
Dynarys straightened, nothing left of his relaxed expression. He reached up and pulled the curtains closed.
“Stay inside,” he ordered, and then slid out the door.
“They are in the trees,” someone called.
“Get the torches on this carriage lit,” Dynarys commanded from outside the door. Then a great wing-beat followed and silence descended in the air.
Alarm tapped at her spine and she shifted in her seat, pulling back the curtain just enough to peek through.
A flash of fur caught her gaze, then was gone. Illaise? She hadn’t seen the Shifter since the evening before, but she was supposed to be part of the delegation. The image of the woman as a wolf did not temper her nerves.
But then there was nothing.
The wide leaves and crowded branches made certain no direct sunlight reached the forest floor. Yet, the day was still bright with it and she saw no reason for such commotion.
The ground around the carriage was extra bright. Gayriel bent her neck and looked up through the glass, risking a slightly wider curtain opening. Torches lined the roof, placed at regular intervals. They glowed forcefully with unnatural brilliance. Like a beacon.
What good did it do to announce her location so obviously?
Something slammed against the roof.
She flinched back, dropping the curtain, and pressed herself against the cushions.
Footsteps thudded. Whoever...or whatever, it was wandered from side to side on the roof. She fidgeted, uncertain, and then leaned back toward the window. Raising trembling fingers, she pulled the fabric back.
In the torchlight, flickering against the forest floor, the silhouette of a person crouched.
At first she assumed the figure was a protector, perhaps even Dynarys. It was impossible to tell with a shadow for a guide.
The light faltered and dimmed, and the shadow slunk along the ground.
Footsteps echoed, before the light dimmed again.
Whoever it was, was putting out the torches.
Suddenly, the extra lights felt very safe...and they were disappearing. She narrowed her eyes at the form, hardly distinguishable now.
The last torch blinked out and she listened, for a moment, to silence. The footsteps were gone. Peering through the curtains, she tried to see the top of the carriage. Her heart skipped and thudded. Where was everyone?
She scooted to the other side, cracking the door open a tiny amount. Nothing but trees and forest floor. Leaning out farther she ascertained that the roof figure was gone. Unnatural silence filled the forest, like everything held its breath. The wolves that pulled the carriage were gone. Everyone was gone.
A fluttering of light caught her attention. Something shifted behind the trees, deeper in the forest.
She hesitated, debating. Dynarys had told her to stay in the carriage. But he had also ordered the torches lit. If he knew someone was going to put them out, he might not have felt it was so safe.
There was also the matter of who was dousing the torches. The Archon had mentioned a traitor, and Gayriel had a feeling the figure on the roof, the flicker in the forest, was that betrayer. Since that figure wasn’t expecting her to follow, she could have an advantage.
Did she care who it was? Was it her concern?
She decided that it was, and she did care. If there was a snake in the delegation she wanted to know now, before she had to rely on trust. She stepped down, taking her time.
Nothing happened. No one was on the roof, either. She studied the empty forest and, firming her resolution, stepped into the trees.
Despite the sun glowing above the canopy, the forest floor was damp, as if it had just rained. Soggy leaves and loose dirt softened her steps.
Careful of the twisted logs—and thorns jutting out from the vines upon them, she edged to the spot where the figure had disappeared. She was not an expert tracker, but the deep indent in the mud was easy enough to read. She followed the trail, practicing her visualization. The last thing she needed was her target smelling her emotions.
She was calm. She was in her bunk, dreaming.
She was confused.
Everything was so silent. Where had they gone?
The call sounded like an emergency, or an attack. So why wasn’t there the sound of battle? Such things required organization, didn’t they? Who was giving orders?
She was just beyond the rough path that the carriage traveled along when she lost the tracks.
Well, she didn’t exactly lose them, they ended. Clear and deep one step, and absent the next.
She crouched at the termination, pressing against a wide trunk. There she waited, quite hidden by underbrush. If her suspicions were correct, there was a dragon lurking nearby. A Dragon Lord changing to beast made sense if he flew as he changed. She had no idea if that were possible, but no other explanations crossed her mind.
A branch snapped, ominous in the forest's silence. She shrank in closer to her spot. The noise had originated from her left, not in front of her as she had expected. The tree blocked her, however, and though she couldn’t see what was there, she knew she was hidden.
Another sound. Footsteps maybe, and a deep sniffing.
A flash of dread settled against her lower back.
Just a dream. She reminded her climbing emotions, she was truly safe in her bunk at the choosing house. She didn’t dare close her eyes, but she visualized herself laying there until she convinced her senses of the deception.
The unholy screech nearly undid the work. It was unlike anything she had ever heard from beast or man, and it echoed from the trail, where the carriage sat.
She resisted the urge to stand up and look that direction, remembering that something else was nearby.
The carriage groaned and creaked, and then snapped.
Her eyes widened as a broken beam of wood, complete with the dragon shaped curtain holder, flew past the tree. Other pieces slammed into the branches before tumbling to the ground. The carriage was no more.
What in the Six Realms caused that?
The screech repeated. A definite frustrated noise. 
Dragons filled the air, appearing suddenly. Circling and diving down toward the sound. Wolves joined them, slipping through the bush along the way. What was once still now echoed with confused chaos.
The dragons were agile creatures, with smooth scaled skin and wings that they tucked neatly between trunks and branches as they dove. The wolves danced around spaces that held nothing that she could see. Everything was done in silence. Even the snarls of the wolves were soundless; their mouths opened and teeth bared, but nothing came out.
A dragon, deep green and mottled with black, fell from where he had been clutching a tree. He landed in a wolf circle with a sickening crunch.
He tore at the space, raking massive claws and sharp teeth. They came away bloody, proving something real was there.
A slash opened as if by magic over the dragon’s hind leg. Blood filled the gap and ran over the scales to the ground. Still, the dragon did not cry out, his landing the only thing Gayriel had heard.
Whatever the invisible foe was, it must hunt by sound.
Three more dragons dropped to where wolves circled, deftly avoiding the wreckage of the carriage, including a black beast she easily recognized.
A wolf yelped in pain from where the green and black dragon fought. Instantly, it lifted into the air, twisting and turning. Fur and other parts flew away from the body. In seconds, nothing remained of the creature.
No. Not a creature. He was a man, she reminded herself. Her stomach lurched and she looked away. What type of enemy was invisible and could skin a man in seconds?
Silver fur and hard gray eyes invaded her vision.
Startled at Illaise’s silent approach—or had she been there all along?—Gayriel tried to stand.
Illaise's lips curled back and the fur along her hackles rose.
Taking the hint, Gayriel shrunk back against her tree. Illaise’s hackles flattened slightly, but she didn’t lose her wolfy sneer.
She did step over Gayriel until the fur of her belly tickled the top of her head.
It impaired her view, so she pushed the fur to the side. Dynarys had swooped to where a wolf lay over the scattered remains of the other. He stood in front of them, sharply angled face snarling at the air before him.
The other dragon stood on the opposite side of the empty space. They were at an impasse.
A gray and tawny wolf dodged in, snapping at the air as he passed. Immediately, Dynarys and the striped dragon attacked. They hit something solid, and a black substance sprayed across the ground. Dark splatters like shadows landed on leaves and dirt.
Above her, Illaise tensed, but the attack shifted the feel of the trail. Most of the dragons landed carelessly and the wolves lowered their hackles, sniffing the ground and air.
“What are you doing out here?” Illaise snarled.
Gayriel blinked up at the naked woman. Somehow, the loss of her clothes and weapons did not detract from her intimidating air. When she didn’t answer, the woman shook her head.
“Fool of a human,” she cursed, grasping Gayriel's arm and drawing her up and out of hiding.
 Gayriel pulled back, but Illaise's grip was steel.
In her distraction, the dragons had returned to Lords, too. Many of the wolves gathered around the space where their pack mate had died. A man lay there, sobbing on the bloodied ground.
“See what you’ve caused?” Illaise growled low in her throat.
Dynarys paced the clearing with quick agitated steps. He ran a hand through his dark locks. The other Dragon Lord, too; the brown haired man with tattoos all along his torso frowned at the scene.
“The cause of our troubles,” Illaise announced, shoving Gayriel forward toward them.
The look Dynarys gave her was one of both great relief and frustrated anger. His amber gaze flitted over her body, a quick assessment of injury.
“She did not cause this. The Quatori attacked while she was as hidden as well as we could manage,” he told his mother.
“The Quatori attacked because her human stench poisons the forest. And now Holthus is dead. It is our way that she should pay for such a crime.”
Gayriel narrowed her eyes at the announcement. Pay because some creature she had never heard of attacked the delegation?
The Shifters around Illaise stiffened. Most stepped back, a show of disagreement. But a few stayed.
Unease wiggled between the shock and fear in her. More than one person there wanted her dead.
Dynarys stalked toward his mother and the discontents that stood with her.
“Gayriel is a delegate, she is not here of her own violation. She cannot be responsible for Holthus.”
A few of the men standing with Illaise growled low in their throats. They did not step forward, or meet Dynarys's eyes.
“However,” he continued. “I am responsible for the lady, so if you need compensation I offer myself in her place.”
Illaise paled with Dynarys's words, and for the first time, she appeared out of place, and unsure.
“It is a perfectly acceptable trade,” he urged, spearing his attention onto those still standing with Illaise. “Now do you see why the old ways are sometimes antiquated? Instead of one dead man we would have two, and where would that get us?”
“One less warrior,” the tattooed Lord spoke up. “And do not forget that Firestriker kept the Quatori from Thame while he mourned in the middle of battle.”
Gayriel had sat still until that point, shoved into the center of a debate that seemed to have very little to do with her. But she happened to agree. Taking one life because another had been lost would be wasteful. Especially if that life was hers.
“Perhaps the blame should be laid on the one who doused the torches and invited the invisible beasts in,” she advised.
Several amber eyes and one gray set turned to her. Instinctively, she wanted to cower. Drawing attention to herself never ended well, but instead, she met Illaise’s gaze. She was the one who had appeared where she had been tracking the figure from the roof.
“Nonsense,” she scoffed. “I found you well away from the carriage...or where it was, sneaking around in the trees. What is the price for your betrayal delegate? Who pays you?”
“I was sneaking around in the trees following the figure who doused the torches on the carriage,” it was Gayriel's turn to growl. “And I found you.”
A snarl lifted from Illaise's throat and that of a few others around.
“Do you challenge me human?” she barked. “You accuse me of betrayal?”
“Enough,” Dynarys stepped forward. “She accuses no one,” he sent Gayriel a warning look over his shoulder.
She did, though. Couldn’t he see that this woman was abrasive and false?
“Who doused the torches, Lady Delegate? Was this before or after you fled it?” The tattooed Lord stepped forward. Gayriel had a feeling he was trying to lose the tension with his logical questions.
“Before. Footsteps on the roof and then the lights began to go out. I saw a shadow cast in the torchlight before it was done, but not enough that I could identify anyone. That’s why I followed,” she glanced at the remains of the carriage wreckage. “And I’m glad I did. Someone here wants me dead.”
She did not risk a glance at Illaise, but the announcement stirred her. She was not ready to die. Not for some political maneuvering she knew nothing about. If they understood she was a simple slave...how wasted were their efforts.
She frowned toward Illaise, but said no more. The truth was, she wasn’t sure if it had been her on the roof. She could have sworn the figure could fly. The disappearance from the roof and the sudden missing tracks made more sense if the figure had wings. But finding Illaise exactly there was too coincidental to ignore, as well. Perhaps there was more than one member of the delegation she needed to be wary of.	
“I see no reason not to believe the Lady’s assertion,” the tattooed Lord spoke. “The torches were dark before the carriage was destroyed. This we know, since the Quatori would not have ventured so near otherwise.”
“But who would be foolish enough to remove them?” a new voice interjected. “Maybe they burned out...”
“All of them, Strale?” The tattooed Lord turned to the blond man, who had made several advances toward Gayriel the night before. The blond shrugged his broad shoulders.
“It is just as likely as any of us purposely inviting the Quatori to attack.”
“Perhaps not,” the tattooed Lord glanced at Illaise and the Shifters around her. “It seems some of us are discontent.”
“Careful, Dragon Lord. It is our kind who died for you, not the other way around. Next time, we might not prevent you from being torn to bits.” Scet spoke then, and Gayriel recalled a tawny-gray wolf making the final leap, marking the invisible foe for Dynarys to finish off.
The man frightened her and made her uncomfortable, but her respect for him increased a little.
“Enough bickering. Scouts from the Onyx Aerie approach. If they sense such tension, the Quatori will be the least of our worries. Celcath will be at our doorstep and we will all be subject to his rule,” Dynarys looked to the sky.
Illaise snorted, but the group parted, as the forms of three dark gray dragons swooped through the trees toward the gathering.
“As for you,” Dynarys muttered in Gayriel's ear, coming toward her as all the others stepped away. “You are the cause of more trouble than a slave should be. Did the choosing house teach you nothing?”
“She accused me and, Dynarys, I really think...”
“She is alpha, she accuses who she wishes. It would be wise not to challenge her, Gayriel. You will not win if she accepts.” He narrowed his eyes, a deep frown tugging at his lips. “Even now you challenge me. I know more of the Dragons and Shifters than you can ever hope to, but you refuse to listen to council. This talk of freedom has gone to your head.”
He shifted closer, until she could smell the rain storm and feel the heat barreling off of his skin.
“Maybe I need to remind you to whom you belong. You haven’t earned your freedom yet, woman,” he leaned close, his breath tickling the side of her face. “I have half a mind to cancel our arrangement and purchase a more biddable slave for the task. I could keep you, you know. Taming you properly would be very satisfying.”
A sliver of a shudder tensed around her shoulders and bumps rose on her skin, but not from any cold breeze.
He was joking, wasn’t he?
But the dark look he sent when he stepped back promised that he wasn’t.
“Behave,” he warned, stepping away from her as the first of the scouts landed and transformed within the clearing.
CHAPTER 12
“She is dangerous, Dynarys. Use your nose, she smells of lies and deceit. She is not what she seems.”
Illaise strode among the ferns and bracken on the side of the path, far behind where the scouts scowled at the attending Shifters, her silver hair re-bound into a tight tail. A lifetime of reading the subtle signals alerted the wolf warriors to retreat to the outskirts of the delegation, much the same as his instincts had piqued. These men had little tolerance for Shifter kind.
It was now well past the cooler part of the day, the afternoon glaring down with an oppressive heat. Given the thick humidity in the air, it felt as though a heavy invisible hand pressed down upon them. Used as he was to such discomforts, when combined with the morning's events, Dynarys was left feeling defensive and agitated.
“I am not here to discuss the lady delegate with you,” his voice was firm. It was the voice that had sent a hundred recruits scurrying to do his bidding, so, of course, it did not phase Illaise.
“You should be rid of her before she costs you more than you care to lose.”
“I cannot just get rid of someone, mother.”
Illaise sniffed. “I don't see why not. If she was disposable enough to send to a foreign aerie, she cannot mean much to the humans. No one would miss her. You might have let me take care of the problem.”
Dynarys stopped, forcing Illaise to do the same. She turned to him.
“I know that your missing pack members have gotten beneath your fur, but I will not have you threatening Gayriel. She is not disposable.”
“Gayriel? You certainly are familiar with her.”
“I am responsible for her, I...”
And there he went again, allowing his mother to goad him into an explanation she didn't need or deserve. When would he learn that such brash talk was part of her manipulative nature?
“This discussion is over, unless you want to tell me what it is you really wanted to speak about.”
There. Great Six the woman taxed his patience. She relented a little, glancing ahead to the rest of the delegation warily.
“I did want to warn you of her. You are so eager to have your dragon half accepted that you ignore your Shifter blood.” She held up a hand, acknowledging the old argument between them. “You might not be able to change to wolf, Dynarys, but your senses are still advanced, even in this form. It is to your peril that you do not take advantage of them.”
“Noted...as always. Now, was there something else? I should return to my duties before I am missed from them.”
Her upper lip pulled into a sneer, disliking one duty in particular, he imagined.
“Yes, there was something else. It's about the Quatori.”
He felt his eyebrows raise and he had to stop himself from eyeing the forest warily. It wouldn't help. The ability to sense the Quatori was one of the many things that was not passed along from his mother. It appeared that Dragons were dominate in passing along traits, which suited him fine.
“Not here,” she corrected, tapping at one of the blades at her side. She had managed to collect each one of them again. How, he didn't know. When she transformed, her clothes were destroyed just as those of the dragons. Perhaps they were scent marked for later retrieval.
“The ones that attacked the procession, that shouldn't have happened at all. I had my men all over this trail since last evening and there were no reports of Quatori nearby. They shouldn't have found us at all.”
“What are you saying?”
“I am saying, dear son, that someone led them to us. We were set up.”
“Who then?”
Illaise frowned. “I have my suspicions.”
He grunted. “It was not Gayriel, if that is what you imply. I am no fool, she has been strictly watched. There was no opportunity for her to know our path.”
“She might have seen a map, guessed at the trail.”
“I know this not to be true. But even if it were, we have taken an unexpected route, not one of the common trails, by your own suggestion, if I remember correctly. Only one who was familiar with this area would have guessed where we would be.” 
She sighed, looking forward to the delegation again, her eyes narrowing on the scouts.
“Then I fear that our reception might not be as friendly as we hoped.”
***
Gayriel's first glimpse of the Onyx Aerie was when the delegation topped a sharp rise, a peak in the trail that would lead them into a steep valley before ascending once more. The aerie loomed above the black cliffs that rose from the forest floor on the valley's opposite side. Below it, trees and wilderness reigned. But beyond, on the cliff-top plateau, plains stretched for miles, surrounding a neat and ordered human city, before devolving back into forest in the distance.
The aerie sat at the forefront of it all, jutting out from the cliff’s edge and formed from the same black stone. Stark towers rose into the pale blue of the sky and glinted in the sunlight as they approached the cliff base.
A simple spoken suggestion that the delegation should follow were the only words the scouts had muttered. They had dressed quickly, though Gayriel had yet to discern where the stiff gray uniforms had emerged from. The delegation dressed too, pulling clothes from the trail of wagons well behind the carriage wreckage, and for the first time she noticed the scattered remains of fabric that resulted when the men changed forms. No wonder vendors loved the Dragon Lords.
The Onyx Aerie scouts struck her as different from those from the Amber Aerie. Each had deep black eyes, so dark their pupils were indistinguishable, deep brown skin, and black hair, cropped close to their heads.
She preferred the amber eyes, she decided. They were unnatural, but one could read a humanness in them that was lacking in these others. She wondered absently as they walked if all of the Onyx dragons had black eyes in the same way the Amber Aerie dragons had amber. Was eye color an indication of lineage? And what of dragon colors?
The Amber Aerie appeared to be formed from beasts of every shade, but the three scouts had been virtually identical.
The delegation split along the deeply gouged foot-trail. Gayriel and the Dragon Lords took the lead, following the first of the Onyx scouts. The Shifters fell behind, responsible for pulling along the heavy wagons, though some had taken wolf form and ranged along the trail's sides, a hint of fur, or rustle of the undergrowth marking the fact that they were still present, even if not openly visible. 
Illaise had disappeared. She suspected the woman was not happy with the arrangement, or how the scouts scowled if a Shifter came near the group of Lords. A definite order was expected between the peoples here.
Not that the scouts appeared overly interested in the group at all. If they had not flown to the delegation, Gayriel might not have guessed their dragon heritage.
Other than one curiously raised eyebrow in her direction, she felt none of the passionate pressure that often accompanied the presence of the Lords, even from Dynarys...no, especially Dynarys.
Taming you properly...
She should be affronted, but Great Six, the man was tempting. It irritated her to find that a tiny part of her wondered what that would be like to belong to the man...tamed.
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Ignoring the pull of lust her body betrayed her with, she focused instead on the scout that walked nearby, separate, and yet among the knot of Lords surrounding her. 
Telling the scouts apart as men was easier than the dragons. This one, for instance was younger than the one up front, who had fine wrinkles and the beginning sprinkles of white peppered through his temples. If she didn’t pay attention to the darkness of his eyes, he looked nearly like one of the human nobles who had frequented her area of the city, visiting lovers, rumor told. He said very little, nothing in fact, just strode purposefully, broad muscles flexing with each step.
The only expression he showed was a frown of distaste when one of the Shifters, in wolf form, dashed through the forest at his side.
“You do not like Shifters?” Gayriel asked, changing her path so that she walked nearer the man. She plucked at her skirts. The air had heated well past a comfortable temperature and the material had begun sticking to her sweat soaked skin. It made walking difficult and awkward, and for a moment, she wished she was back in the carriage. But she had bigger things on her mind. A plan was forming in her mind and it involved being recognized within the Onyx Aerie. She needed an introduction to Celcath, by someone familiar, or at least a mention. If she was going to seduce the Dragon Lord, to get invited to his bed, he needed to be thinking of her. At the same time, she could use as much information about him, from those that knew more of him.
“They have their place,” the scout answered. He turned his head her direction. Avoiding his eyes, she focused on the high cheekbones and rough stubble that began to form along his strong jaw. The Dragon Lords certainly did not lack in appeal. “What of you? It is unusual for a human woman to venture so far from her city.”
She smiled, though inwardly she was groaning. Celcath might have no interest in human politics, but she couldn’t very well ignore anyone else that might ask about them.
“The leaders of my city send me. I am to gauge the possibility of an alliance,” she spoke confidently, but her mind raced.
The surprised blink that the scout turned on her didn’t help. Would a human city seek an alliance with a dragon aerie? Apparently, her city already had a bargain with the Amber Aerie: Women for protection.
“With your city,” she gestured toward the cliff. They had descended into a valley so that the plateau was no longer visible. “For trade,” she added quickly when his look of surprise turned to suspicious speculation.
“Ah,” he nodded at last.
She hid her relief by studying the forest and the cliff they began to incline. Visualize. She was calm.
“It is unwise of your people to risk you in such a way,” he narrowed his eyes at the Lords around her. “What have you to present that a man could not have come in your place?”
This again?
“I am perfectly capable,” she informed the scout, pulling for a tone as offended as possible. A noble woman’s tone.
“But you are not disposable. A man would be.”
“Well, so long as no one plans to dispose of me, I shall be fine,” she answered. The air of protection extended past the Amber Aerie and to the entire race, it seemed.
“The Quatori already tried. If I had known a woman traveled with the delegation...”
“Grim,” the leading scout called. The group had condensed as they began to rise up the trail that climbed the cliff. Somehow, the front scout had dropped back to where the second and Gayriel were walking. No one else was close enough to hear their conversation, even Dynarys had dropped behind somewhere. She noted that oddity for later consideration.
There was concern in the other Dragon Lord's tone, and Grim—the scout next to her—looked away, his lips pulled tight. He trotted up to where the first scout waited.
She halted politely as they spoke in low murmurs, then, without a word Grim jogged off, ahead and up the cliff.
“Grim goes ahead, to prepare your quarters Lady. I am afraid we were not expecting you,” the other scout informed her. His voice was stiff, but it was not unpleasant. “It is our hope that you find our aerie even more pleasing than your own.”
He turned, gesturing that she should follow, the remainder of the Lords crowded close once more.
She studied them quickly. Something was odd about the scout’s interactions and part of her hoped that Dynarys had crept close enough to see it for himself.
Several Dragon Lords approached, but Dynarys was not among them. She tried not to feel abandoned.
It didn’t matter, not really. What she was to do rested on her alone. It was time to begin her end of the bargain.
It got even warmer as they ascended up the cliff-side path. By the time they had climbed a quarter of the distance, sweat trickled down her spine and pooled at her lower back.
The dress would be stained and, not for the first time, she was glad to have a simple set of brown travel skirts and not some lacy, delicate material against her skin.
The forest shrunk below them, only the tallest of the trees reaching for their current height. With the receding of vegetation, a new scent invaded the air, a dry, dusty smell, with the remnants of something bitter and burnt.
The steepness of the incline pressed the group into a tighter formation, until six Lords surrounded her, the scout just ahead of them. Somewhere behind, likely around the last sharp bend, the group of Shifters, which she numbered at seventeen, followed.
She turned back to survey the path once more. Had Dynarys left to travel among them? He still hadn’t returned. It shouldn't matter, but she had begun to see him as her ally, and with her suspicions on the rest of the delegation, she would be more comfortable with him nearby.
In his absence, Cillumn had taken it upon himself to walk next to her, even where the path hardly allowed for it. His gaze sharpened on the scout, and then scanned the surrounding forest, With a wariness that reminded her that she was not the only one concerned about their situation.
She stilled the rushing of her mind as they approached the gate. She needed focus here, more than ever before; it would be to her detriment to allow for distraction.
The aerie gates were a set of monstrous iron bars, placed precisely a hand’s width apart. Too near for even the most slender of man to get in...or out…easily. Held in place with equally massive hinges, they swung smoothly and silently inward as the delegation approached. A grand sweeping motion, revealing an impressive display of power within.
Lines of servants, dressed in ever darkening shades of gray silks, awaited their arrival. As the first of the Lords stepped through, each servant made a deep bow, lowering themselves to the ground, creating a wave of deepening color. The sight stilled her breath for a moment. Hundreds of servants went into the display, if not thousands. At the end of the wave, in the darkest of the gray uniforms, several rows of warriors stood at attention. Each was holding forth a heavy black blade. They brimmed with energy and power, their eyes somehow glowing and black at once, but no wings sprouted from the backs of these Lords, not a hint of the beast within.
“Great Six save me from the conceit,” Cillumn muttered next to her.
She raised an eyebrow at him. Was he not impressed?
“The discipline it takes to hold the beast that close to the surface is impressive,” he answered as though reading her thoughts, “but it is also stupid. The dragon tends to get...furious when it is played with that way. And the servants, thousands of them presented for the twenty-four of us on the delegation? No, Celcath is flexing his power, it is more of a threat than a welcome.” He studied the bowing forms as they took the first step among the rows of them. “Not one of these is a Shifter. What have they done with their wolves?”
The scout, Grim, met them at the end of the display, nodding in respect when the Lords came to a halt. 
Murmuring rippled through the crowd behind them. An unhappy murmuring.
She turned, concerned because they had already advanced so far into the aerie. If the servants and rows of Dragon Lords chose to become hostile, they would be trapped and easily defeated. She prayed to the Six that the Archon of the Amber Aerie was smart enough not to send his people off to die. But then, he wouldn’t be the first in history to experience a betrayal.
The muttering, though, turned out not to be against them. Or rather, not against most of them.
Just as the servants had bowed and submitted before the dragons as they entered, they rose and turned, facing their backs toward the rest of the delegation when it appeared. The Shifters.
Even Gayriel understood that insult.
Illaise snarled openly. Dynarys stood at her side, blinking as if he had been caught there unexpectedly. His face held a shade of alarm Gayriel was certain was echoed on her own.
Then the lines of warriors moved, swords before them. Stepping past the Dragon Lords, who hardly had time to react, and toward the Shifters. The gesture threatening.
At once, Dynarys shifted, his dragon burst forth, providing a line of protection for the Shifters of the delegation. The beast bared long white teeth, a growl building in its chest. His scales rippled, flashing a wave of light along his muscular body, his own display of power.
“I believe we were invited not challenged,” Cillumn growled at Grim. Amber flashed in his gaze, a warning that he would fight, should it come to it. The other Lords of the delegation tensed, as well; only Pourtus still looked relaxed, his eyes watching the happenings with interest.  None went so far as to transform as Dynarys had.
She supposed he had more reason than the others to be protective. For a moment, she admired his strength. The tension between the two people was palpable, yet he stood for those who, at the moment, were overpowered. Would he do the same, she wondered, if the positions were reversed?
She believed he would, and something about that made her reconsider everything for a moment.
“Dragon Lords were invited, not your dogs. They may stay on the outskirts of the aerie, where they belong,” Grim raised an imperious brow.
Dynarys’s long black tail flicked and his amber eyes narrowed. Even the dragon was offended.
Illaise, however, seemed to have gotten a hold of herself.
“It is alright, Firestriker,” she announced, the use of his formal name obvious, though Gayriel did not understand the implications. “We will make do on the aerie’s outskirts.”
They shared a significant look, before the woman turned gracefully and left the aerie. showing her back to the armed warriors. The remaining Shifters gathered themselves and followed.
Cillumn pressed a hand to the bridge of his nose. “What have we got ourselves into?”
CHAPTER 13
Grim led them along a barren, but clean street, to a set of buildings sectioned off by its own wall.
Gayriel studied it with foreboding. It was not as though walls could hold a Dragon Lord, but the placement of them concerned her nonetheless. This aerie was starting to feel a lot like the choosing house: perfection, but all for show, and hiding something far more unsavory beneath.
She glanced toward Grim, who strode ahead. Her estimation of his appeal had fallen dramatically with that last display. Granted, she had no great love for some of the Shifters, but Scet had saved her life at least once, when Kurath’s pack attacked. And they were integral in defeating the Quatori. She had spent a long time thinking, while they rose along the cliff-face, and she noticed that the dragons did not attack the invisible prey until the wolves had marked it, or surrounded it, or whatever. It lead her to the conclusion that Shifters could somehow sense the Quatori, but did not have the strength to battle them, and the Dragon Lords couldn’t sense the Quatori at all.
A partnership. And a necessary one.
So what had the Onyx Aerie Lords done with their Shifters? Surely they did not stand for such treatment as the Shifters of the delegation were receiving.
A light brush of heat against her lower back stilled her speculation for the moment. Dynarys had joined her. Naked. She struggled to pull her eyes to an acceptable target. Such perfection.
With a great deal of difficulty, she raised her gaze to his face.
He was frowning deeply and staring ahead toward Grim. 
The touch of his hand was an absent fiddling, like one might twist their skirts or bite their nails. It lit small fires within her that quickly spread and obliterated all thought.
That would not do. Not there. But she could not bring herself to pull away. Instead, she placed distance between them mentally, using her visualization.
Something about the change drew Dynarys’s attention. He blinked at her. 
“How did you learn that so effectively?”
“Learn what, exactly?”
“To block your emotions? I cannot read you at all. I’ve never met a woman able to do so, not to such a degree. Yet you have learned without instruction.”
She shrugged. “I extrapolated from what you explained to me of lying.”
“Huh,” he grunted, looking back to Grim. “A good thing, perhaps, I feel you will need such defenses.”
***
Celcath was a dark skinned man. He sat upon a throne at the end of a long black and gold carpet, wide enough to allow the Lords of the delegation to walk side by side, should they wish.
They had been led to the guest apartments: separate rooms, each with its own entrance that opened to a joint outdoor courtyard, with benches and a magnificent fountain. Then they had been instructed to do as they would until the Archon summoned them in the evening. Servants had arrived shortly after and begun the long task of dressing her hair and applying enhancing powders to her face. They did not speak to her as they worked, even when asked direct questions. By the time she was dressed in the green lace and silk that Tharissa had chosen, she was entirely uncomfortable and ready for them to leave.
The Archon’s fingers twitched as the delegation approached, but that was all that she noticed of him. Her attention was on the room. It differed from the audience room where they had met the Amber Aerie Archon. Here, everything was perfectly ordered. The walls themselves had been carved with murals, inset, in places, with precious stones and jewels. Floor length windows interrupted the scenes, colored with stained glass denoting a strange, swirling pattern of white and gold. Tables sat beneath each, piled high with rich artifacts, each one of which could likely buy her the new life the Amber Aerie Archon had promised. Incense burned in the midst of each display, filling the air with an overpowering sweet scent that clung to the inside of her nostrils and left her feeling slightly suffocated. Yet the riches and the press of Dragon Lords she did not recognize only barely registered to her awareness. What really stood out was the women. Naked women.
At first, she assumed they were statues. They were perfectly still and covered in a black, shiny paint that hid nothing. Only a blinking eye showed the truth.
The Onyx Aerie Lords stood among them, ignoring their presence. No proof that the sight moved them in any way, either to lust or pity. Each wore the gray uniform from the greeting display, and though their eyes did not glow, they stood at ready. She did note that the Lord’s features and colors were varied, which answered her earlier question.
Her gaze caught on the woman...or women next to Celcath. They were arranged as if in the throes of passion, heads back, breasts thrust out, and then placed next to the throne on their knees. In their position, they looked almost like armrests.
Distaste filled her immediately.
Celcath stood as the delegation neared the foot of his dais. Muscles rippled beneath the soft black shirt. His black hair was shaved close to his head and no hint of stubble graced his firm, sculpted cheeks. Full lips twisted down when the Amber Aerie Lords came to a halt before him. His black eyes flitted over faces and profiles, lingering for a moment on Dynarys, at the delegation’s head, and then Strale, who had dressed himself in a white so bright that it shone out in the somber hall, vividly drawing one’s eye and attention.
He didn’t even look at Gayriel, just glossed over her like the rest of the delegation, considered too uninteresting for his attention. She looked down. The green lace was provocative, and yet professional. Just a little less skin showed than in the dress she had worn to the banquet a few nights before. But when one was so inundated with the naked female body, she supposed a woman with a little skin showing was hardly something to look at.
The statuesque women were beautiful, too, and human. She wondered if this was the consequence of those who chose to visit from the plateau city. And if so, then why did they come? Was the possibility of landing a dragon for a mate worth the degradation? Some of the positions the women froze in were worse than anything she had been asked to do when preparing to be a sex slave.
“Welcome, delegation of the Amber Aerie,” Celcath boomed. His voice was rich and dark, with sharp edges like a well-honed blade. As he stood, he brushed dark fingers over the exposed neck of the woman on his right. A trail of shimmering black paint lifted at his touch, exposing her ivory skin beneath. She did not move, not even her breath, so far as Gayriel could tell. And he did not look to her.
“By the will of Valarius, our people have been brought together, and together let us celebrate the proud history of our great race. Let us come together as friends, but leave as brothers, with the same mind and a happy truce as our ancestors once shared. It is our greatest desire to foster peace between our aeries, to reforge alliances that should never have been broken, and to restore order to this sinful world. For tonight we hope that you find the Onyx Aerie to your liking, and that you will share in our abundance.” He waved his arm to the chamber in general. “Please, help yourself to anything of mine that you see and wish to enjoy.”
Gayriel narrowed her eyes, her distaste growing. He offered the women to the delegation. But what right did he have to do so? Was it possible that they were all slaves like herself?
Grim, she noticed, stood to the side of the dais. He at least looked her direction. But if he was alarmed at the display of the women, or the Archon offering them like items on a bargaining table, he did not show it.
“I only ask that you follow a few simple rules, for the peace of both of our peoples. The first being that, when you are not summoned, you remain in the areas provided for your comfort. If you wish to explore, a guide will be provided. The second is that you do not transform within the walls of this aerie. The last,” he paused, straightening himself to his full height; it was an intimidating sight. “Is that you send your dogs home, for they and their kind are not welcome here.”
Gayriel scowled. What he asked was impossible. If she was right and the Shifters played an important role in sensing the presence of the Quatori, sending them home put the Dragon Lords at a distinct disadvantage, or at least the Dragon Lords from the Amber Aerie. 
Indeed, the Amber Aerie Lords bristled.
“You must see that your demands are unreasonable,” Dynarys began.
“On the contrary,” Celcath growled.
She flinched back at the sound, but Dynarys held his ground. His eyes narrowed at the Archon. The Amber Aerie dragons were backed into a corner, she could see. Should they refuse to comply, the action may be taken as offensive and war might begin, starting with the slaughter of the delegation. But should they send the Shifters away, then the Lords became dependent on the Onyx Aerie dragons and whatever they used for protection against the Quatori.
“You are well served within the walls of this aerie. Protected. Safe. With no need for lesser breeds of men who only cause trouble,” the echo of the Archon’s voice rang through the hall. He was not making an argument, but a proclamation.
“What have you done with your Shifters, Celcath?” Dynarys questioned. He did not seem intimidated at all by the man, which was admirable. Gayriel was intimidated. Very intimidated.
“I have done nothing that they did not wish. They longed for independence, so I gave it to them. They wish for a return to the old ways,” Celcath gestured to the hall once more. “As you can see, I am not opposed to this. Dragon Lords were once Gods among the races. I would return to glory.”
“That glory got our race hunted to near extinction. It is what forced the creation of the Quatori to begin with. What will you do when the humans rise up against you once more?” Cillumn demanded, stepping forward to stand next to Dynarys. His eyes had narrowed, a fist clenched at his side, his knuckles white. Dynarys sent him a brief warning glance.
“Let them try,” Celcath grinned darkly, an expression Gayriel tried not to find alarming. She didn't succeed; there was something in that gaze that lingered on the edge of sanity. 
“It is a simple request, friends. Without the Shifters, you are not regulated to ground travel; you can easily fly back to your aerie. They are not needed. Unnecessary.”
“The alliance has been in place for a thousand years,” Dynarys hedged. The conversation had to be striking on sore points; he was half Shifter, after all. Gayriel had a feeling the fact was not unknown, either. Would he be asked to leave, as well? That would certainly put her in an uncomfortable position.
“And it is time for change. This is the reason I have summoned your delegation. There are too few of our kind for us to stand divided. I offer a new alliance, and I will meet with the Lords tomorrow to discuss the terms.”
And with that, he gestured that the delegation was dismissed. Gayriel was not the only one surprised at the brevity. The Dragon Lords around her twitched.
How was that any type of greeting? It was far more of a list of rules and a few threats than anything else. A new alliance. She might not have come from the highest echelons of the city, but even she knew a man bent on the path of war. But then, perhaps the Archon of the Amber Aerie was no different. He had, after all, sent her.
She frowned. Celcath was a man in control. He thrived on it, and compliance. She could see it by the arrangement of both the women and the Lords in the room. How was one to seduce a man so bent on obedience that he sent her away? She did not miss that the meeting tomorrow was for the Dragon Lords only. 
It would not surprise her if Celcath had no interest in inviting her to any other meeting during their stay, which was a problem. She could not even attempt to charm him if they never interacted. And to show up regardless of his instruction might bring out anger instead of the interest she wished to garner.
She needed to do something, she thought, as the delegation turned and wandered its way back down the carpet they had so recently come up. Strale stopped to fondle a slight blond frozen in a lustful position, her chest thrust outward and her hands touching the light curls between her legs.
If she was to seduce Celcath, she needed a direct interaction with the man. Something not disobedient, but out of place. She needed to be recognized.
CHAPTER 14
“It is the will of Valarius. We were once a great race, destined for ascension to the realm of order. Now, we pander to those lesser than us. Every concession we make weakens our stature, draws us closer to the underworlds.”
Dynarys resisted the urge to rub his temples. This was the third of the Lord's negotiations, and Celcath had been speaking for quite some time, spewing the same nonsense in different forms. In his fanatical view, he had eschewed all the Gods besides one and strove to ascend to the first realm. 
In short, it was ridiculous, and spoke to a possible instability in the man's mind. The representatives of the Amber Aerie had not been given a chance to speak, nor had any offers of peace, tentative or otherwise, been laid out.
The Lords of the Onyx Aerie sat upon their side of the great table, seemingly listening intently. All except Grim, the one Lord he might recognize, who had skipped all of the negotiations. The rest did not appear alarmed at the proceedings, which was surprising really. Did none of them fear the implications of Celcath's words?
Worse, Celcath had mentioned, several times, a cleansing, one hinted at in the old religious texts.
Dynarys did not know exactly what it entailed, he had never taken an interest in the Gods, or worship. However, Celcath's words were disturbing, nonetheless. A cleansing of the people, a quest for the pure in mind and form.
An ominous assertion. For there were none who were 'pure.' And none worthy of deciding what exactly 'purity' meant, either.
“I urge you, brothers of the Amber Aerie. Cast out the dogs from your dwellings, let them fend for themselves. Reclaim your greatness.”
It was one of many such 'urgings' Celcath had made. It seemed they had been commanded to attend a long winded sermon, rather than actual negotiations. And even though he had been admitted with courtesy, it was obvious some of the digs about purity were meant for him. It was not the first time he had received such prejudice in his life, simply for the sake of his blood.
Oddly, however, Celcath had not once mentioned the orb, a tool Dynarys would have expected Celcath to gladly expound, if only to encourage compliance. If the legends were true and they were powerful religious relics, it seemed that such a man might brag about possessing one, if only to show his own power and certainty of position.
An uneasy feeling grew within him. He had hoped to gather information for Gayriel, something that might help her in her task. Yet even now, the thought of her supplicating...seducing this man drove spikes of fury into his spine. Celcath was not a soft minded Lord, despite his fanaticism. Even with the greatest of care, Dynarys feared he would see through her attempts, that he would harm her in some way.
The beast within him stirred at the thought, and he had to fight to keep his eyes from flaring and drawing attention to himself. A slave had seemed like such a good idea; a woman, something Celcath would never expect to be used as a tool to outmaneuver him. Now, it was starting to feel ridiculous.
The display for their arrival was solid evidence that the man could not be moved to passion with physical attraction. And when the Archon was not preaching at one of these negotiations, he hid himself away and kept the delegation safely sequestered in their own apartments. There was no room for interactions between the Lords at all, and definitely not with the Archon.
And that presented its own problem; one he didn't yet know how to solve. 
Carefully hiding his frustration behind a polite mask, he turned his attention back to Celcath.
The only thing he could do was to buy time.
***
Gayriel paused the pacing of her apartment to peer out at the sunlit courtyard. She was alone once more. Well, sort of alone. The servants Celcath had provided stood about out there, silently waiting for orders.
Spies, the lot of them.
And keeping up the constant pretense of delegate-like behavior was driving her mad.
Being recognized by Celcath was not as easy as she had hoped. The Lords of the delegation shared meals in the courtyard of the apartments; somber, unhappy affairs. Even Strale’s mood seemed diminished and wary. Not once had he taken advantage of the servants, or even made an offer toward her.
Dynarys simply brooded. She sensed that he wished to leave, that the delegation was not what he had planned, but he waited.
Likely to give her a chance to work. Yet here she was, still regulated to the walled off section of the aerie.
The majority of the last two days were taken up by meetings of the Lords, to which she was not invited. That left her with a lot of time to think about the situation and she had come to the conclusion that her task was impossible.
Celcath was, so far as she could discern, disinterested in seduction. The servants were not forthcoming, either. She had discovered they would speak to her of mundane matters, such as whether she wished her hair up or down for the day, but if she mentioned the Archon their mouths closed with a nearly audible snap and they skittled away faster than she could react.
She did know the Archon did not have a mate, thanks to Dynarys. But if he sought one, he did so with his furniture slaves. He most certainly did not wish to interact with her, despite her messages that requested a meeting. She had even developed a speech, about lace of all things. Some nonsense about the fine quality and the cities working together to better serve the Dragon Lord’s tastes. It should sufficiently bore the man and give him plenty of time to notice her...non-bargaining attributes.
Unfortunately, her request had been denied by his second in command. Repeatedly. And after the third attempt the servants had refused to carry any farther messages for her. So much for recognition.
She was getting desperate. She sensed the Lord’s meetings were not proceeding well. Any moment, they might choose to be finished with the Onyx Aerie and return to their own. And she would lose her chance at freedom.
Political upheaval or not, the bargain was the orb for her freedom, and she planned to deliver.
The insistence that she would need to seduce her way into Celcath’s chambers did her little good. It was time for a change of strategy, so she paced, plotting.
She would need two things. First, a very thorough tour of the aerie. She had spent years at the choosing house practicing her observation skills and committing small details to memory. She hoped to apply that skill now. A firm, working knowledge of the buildings, roads, and alleys of this aerie was essential to her plan.
The second thing she would need was the cover of darkness...and a way to avoid the Amber Aerie Lords for long enough to sneak out and commit to her task. But she would worry about that later. For now, she needed an idea of the location of Celcath’s chambers.
What would happen, she wondered, if she were to appear at his door? Would he be flattered and invite her in? Was it worth the chance that he wouldn’t?
Sharp rapping upon wood halted her conjecture. That would be her guide. Anticipation filled her. Finally, she might take action for herself. No more being dragged to and from situations where she had little control.
Until she opened the door.
It was not a meek, passive servant who waited without, but Grim, the Dragon Lord.
He shuffled slightly and bowed his head respectfully. “You have asked for a guide,” he intoned.
Gayriel stopped herself from frowning, and smiled politely, instead.
“I assumed such a task would involve a servant, or some other whose time was not so valuable,” she explained.
Grim grunted an acknowledgment, but said nothing more for a moment.
She debated. The fearful human men and women that were servants at the aerie intimidated her far less. She imagined she might fool them into compliance, or confusion, if she asked to see enough of the aerie. She wished for them to forget the areas she truly sought to memorize.
But a Dragon Lord? And particularly this Dragon Lord? She was not certain she would fool him. Already, he watched her like he had formed suspicions about her intentions.
“I would take you to our city, should you wish,” he told her.
Huh?
Her look of confusion must have shown.
“You said that was your reason for attending the delegation, to arrange a trade agreement with the leaders of our city?”
“Oh, yes, of course,” she struggled for words. “I just...I was hoping to seek permission from your Archon...but he will not see me.” There. Not only did that explain her hesitation, but there was a small chance it might lead to the meeting with the Archon that she had given up on.
“Permission is granted,” Grim sent her a winning smile. “But perhaps you need to first alert a lover? The delegation will not take kindly if I remove you without warning one who has claim.”
This time she did frown. “None have claim on me.”
Grim straightened. “Good,” he smiled again and offered his arm. “Come, I will aid you in your task.”
She had little choice. She couldn’t very well refuse the offer without giving away her lie.
“Thank you,” she smiled. 
Grim was handsome, yet she had to still a wave of discomfort when she took his arm. She hid the emotion quickly behind her barrier. Dynarys said that it was effective, and she prayed he was right. She played a dangerous game now, and she was on her own.
“Tell me, what do you think of our aerie?” Grim asked as they made their way past the wall that separated the apartments and into the main courtyard. The gates loomed ahead, guarded by more men in gray uniforms.
“It is very beautiful, and...ordered,” she nodded to the perfect precision in which the guards stepped forward to open the gates.
Grim snorted.
“Yes, the Archon believes that order creates peace and obedience. And that the Dragon Lords will thrive if we are to let go of our slovenly ways.”
The corner of her lip turned up at the trace of the man’s dry humor. “You do not believe this?”
He shrugged. “It has worked so far. As you can see, the aerie manages very well, both financially and in its defense. We are not lacking in comforts, either, though the Archon discourages too many.”
“He didn’t feel that way when he prepared our greeting,” Gayriel noted.
Grim tilted his head at her. “The usage of your people upsets you?”
She frowned.
He sighed. “They come to us voluntarily, Lady Delegate. The position of our city is, unfortunately, less secure than that of your own. The Quatori, at times, break through the defending gates we have placed. Most of the servants here are looking for a peace they cannot find within the city walls.”
“They choose to be displayed as statues and offered to guests?”
Grim cringed a little. “They wished to become Dragon Mates. Being offered to the Amber delegation is not against that wish.”
“Hmm,” was all that she could say. Grim gestured past the gates to the wide stone road that led from the aerie. The delegation had climbed a dirt footpath to rise up the cliff, but this road pushed straight toward the city. It was flat and well maintained.
“It is but an hour's walk, I thought I might give you a tour of the various crops the humans grow on the way. What was it that you said you wished to trade?”
“Lace, for the most part. Among other textiles.”
“...lace?”
“Yes, my people are distinctly short of lace for garments. We have to import from a city far to the west,” she told him, copying what the old vendor had said in order to sell her...or rather Dynarys, the green gown. She could see he was finding her story slightly unbelievable; she decided to distract him.
“If your city struggles with Quatori attacks, then why send away the Shifters?”
A muscle jumped in his jaw. The open expression on his face slammed shut.
Uh-oh.
“Please, I mean no offense. I don’t have a great understanding of the interactions between the peoples.”
He studied her for a moment. Perhaps he didn’t believe her lack of knowledge.
“I wasn’t supposed to be on this delegation, I am replacing someone who fell ill,” she lied.
His face softened, and he shook his head a little.
“It always surprises me how foolish human leaders can be,” he turned to her. “Very well, a straight answer to your question then. What if I were to tell you that those Shifters on which your aerie, and therefore your people, rely so heavily on, not only interacted with the Quatori regularly, but made agreements with them?”
She blinked.
“Are the Quatori capable of making agreements?”
“Most definitely, it is how they came to exist in this forest to begin with. An agreement with the humans of ancient times, one the humans used to destroy my people, but then found turned sour upon themselves when there was no longer enough dragon blood to satisfy the Quatori’s thirst.”
Hmm. Cillumn had suggested something like that at the greeting, though she had been paying too much attention to the human statues to pay much heed.
“Yet you still guard the human city.”
“What else are we to do? Our mothers are human, as are any mate we wish to take. We endeavor to prevent the mistakes of the past from repeating and we have done so here. When it was discovered that the Shifters were verging on an alliance with the vile demons, we removed them.”
“But how? Don’t you need them to battle the Quatori?”
“And risk a betrayal at a critical juncture? No, there are other effective methods for detecting the Quatori.”
She raised her brows, but he said no more. Instead, he broke into an explanation of the various crops grown only on the plateau and their benefits.
The visit to the city went incredibly smoothly. Grim introduced Gayriel to the city’s lead traders and she found them suspiciously compliant and eager to acquiesce to her false proposal. Thrice she caught the merchant looking to Grim for direction, and she came to the conclusion that he had organized everything in her favor, and that the merchants were less interested in lace than they were in the Dragon Lord’s approval.
They stopped at a vendor of sweet meats and stuffed breads, and Grim bought her several selections that showcased the crops he had described earlier.
They were tasty and, had she truly been a delegate, the entire day would have been touted as a success. But she couldn’t help but wonder why he had gone through so much trouble to make her path smooth. She got an answer as they left the food vendor.
“Have you ever considered becoming a Dragon’s mate, Lady Delegate?”
She choked on her seasoned bread.
“I’ll take that as a no. None of the Amber Aerie dragons even tempted you?”
Her thoughts flew to Dynarys, but she blocked them immediately.
“I do not enjoy being controlled, or displayed,” she told him, remembering the feminine statues.
He shook his head. “Not all potential mates are happy with such an arrangement. Some are simply more desperate than others to catch a Lord’s eye.” He studied her, and his eyes traveled along her body. “But not all Lords are tempted by such desperation.”
“It still stands that I do not wish to be controlled.”
“Not even when it only relates to your safety? A Dragon’s mate is often provided with whatever she desires, so long as there is no danger to herself. You would certainly have more freedom, and safety, than your current position as delegate provides.”
She hesitated. Hadn’t she been considering that very thing, late at night, alone in her bed?
But not with Grim.
“I can see that you are undecided,” Grim reached a hand over and brushed her arm. Very firmly she forced herself to withstand his touch, she kept her face neutral, pleasant even. “I will give you a chance to consider such an offer.”
“Is it not your Dragon that decides such things?” she questioned. Pointing out the obvious flaw in his suggestion. He wanted sex, but he could not promise to make her a mate. Not without his Dragon’s consent.
“I am a strong man, Lady Delegate. I don’t plan to give the beast a choice.”
She brooded the entire way back to the aerie. She did not like Grim, and his suggestion that he might force the beast to accept her as a mate did not help her impression. She sensed he strove for a level of control that was nearly impossible to achieve, and everything she had seen of him supported that theory. What would it be like, to be mated to one such as him?
Not enjoyable, she was certain. A similar fate to that she faced if she had been purchased by Lord Hreth.
Thoughts of such situations fled her mind as soon as they entered the gates once more. Dusk dimmed the eastern horizon and the torches and lanterns around the main courtyard were lit, highlighting a stalking figure, blade out, storming toward them.
Dynarys.
Relief flashed across his face unchecked, before determination set his features in a scowl.
“Where have you been Lady?” he gritted when he neared.
“I have taken my Lady to tend to her mission and meet with the traders of our city,” Grim answered for her. He stepped closer.
Dynarys hefted his blade thoughtfully in his hand. “You did not think to ask permission from those responsible for the Lady. From her protectors?”
Grim’s head tilted and a trace of a sneer graced his lips. “She claimed none as protector. It is not my business if she finds none of the Amber Aerie worthy of that title.”
“Claimed or not she is protected. And I will see to her care from here. You have been summoned by your Archon.”
Grim stared at Dynarys for a moment, but apparently decided a summons was not something he would take the risk of ignoring.
“Recall our discussion lady,” he told her softly before striding off into the distance.
“Come Lady, let us see to your care.”
Dynarys's grip was firm, almost bruising, as he propelled her toward the apartments.
“Must you tempt fate in every way?” he demanded as they walked. “Can you not stay safe even when I am called away from you?”
“I was in no danger,” she protested.
“Not so,” he growled. “Cillumn was set to watch you, and though he tried to prevent your leaving, could not. He has not returned, for reasons that smack of foul play. Yet you saunter in as if you’ve enjoyed a day of leisure.”
She cringed, and then straightened. How was she to know she was being watched? It would be a lot easier to discern the proper course of action if he would just share such information with her.
She told him as much, but he only grunted, nodding to a surprised Pourtus as he pushed her through the door of her suite.
The door clicked closed and he was upon her, pressing her into the wall. Heat burned against her skin, all the way down.
She gasped, surprised at his speed.
Dynarys took advantage and plunged his mouth against hers, possessing, demanding that she yield. His lips firm against hers, he inhaled a sharp breath. His tongue darted out, diving between her teeth, and then retreating and trailing along her lower lip
His arms had framed her head with the onslaught, and now his right arm sunk lower.
Heat pooled along her spine and into her core. It muddled her thoughts. She forgot, instantly, that she did not want this.
She did want this. Great Six did she.
Her longing burned and she strained against him. Moisture grew between her legs, seeping onto her upper thighs. It burned there, in that secret spot, though Dynarys had yet to brush against it.
His hand trailed over the side of her breast, every inch of her skin tingled with anticipation.
Then he broke the kiss. He stepped back and cold air replaced where he had been. He had removed one of his weapon belts while she had been distracted, and now, with quick movements he bound her wrists.
“Hey!” she protested. What in hells was he doing? She thought he was seducing her, now...
He raised her bound arms and worked the leather over a bar jutting out from the wall, intended to hold a lantern, but it held her well enough.
The look on his face was dark and foreboding. He backed from her and paced the small apartment, a muscle twitching in his jaw.
She found she had to stand on her toes to reduce the strain on her shoulders.
“What...?”
Dynarys pinned her with a glare. “Unless you are a glutton for punishment, woman, I would keep that succulent mouth of yours closed.”
She swallowed hard. What she had done wrong, she was not certain, but Dynarys was furious.
Finally, after pacing for several moments he approached.
“Never,” he growled. “Never again without my permission.”
She blinked. Never what? Leave? Move? Just what was he demanding?
“Never anything, Gayriel,” he stated, reading her confusion. “I own you.”
She managed to shake her head. No one owned her, and as soon as she found the orb she would prove it.
“You don’t think so?” he asked. “What of this?”
Without mercy, he dragged his knuckles along her raised breast, pressing firmly on her nipple which pearled even before his touch. It hurt, but it was a good...amazing type of pain. Her head lolled backward and her eyes rolled up.
“Or this,” slowly he trailed a single finger along her ribcage and toward the waistband of her skirt. Her body betrayed her long before he slid inside, working his way down to the soft curls that guarded her most intimate place.
No one had ever touched her there. Not in all her years. And she knew what he would find.
A masculine growl of satisfaction rumbled from his lips when his fingers reached their target. He brushed his hand against her, spiking pleasure. Once, twice...and then he removed it.
“I own you, Gayriel,” he intoned. “As a man owns a woman. You are bound by your desire. Never again deny me as your protector. From now on, you will look to me in all things, especially interaction with the Lords.”
He pressed close to her and thoughts of denial fled from her mind at once. She couldn’t think, much less form coherent words.
“Or I will prove to you how deep my control of you runs. Do you understand?”
She nodded, in that moment willing to do anything to please him, to regain his touch, to relieve the pressure he had built with just a few strokes.
He leaned toward her, his lips a fraction from hers.
She strained against her bindings, fighting to reach him, but it was no use. He stood there a moment, his eyes burning amber. And then, in a breath, she was released. She crumbled to the floor, unable to support her own weight. The click of the door signaled Dynarys's exit. 
It would be a long while before she recovered enough to rise.
CHAPTER 15
Dynarys flew over the sea of green that formed the forest canopy. At times, the trees themselves looked like a great stretch of grass, smooth and even. At others, they rose and fell with dramatic changes in the landscape much like waves. Maybe one day, if he survived this delegation, he would fly east and experience the sea for himself.
But first he had to find Cillumn.
Guilt pressed him hard. He couldn't stop the feeling that Gayriel's return with the Onyx Lord was intricately linked with Cillumn's disappearance.
Celcath had been alerted, of course, but his interest was minimal, despite the obvious implications against him. He had simply looked at Dynarys with those cool black eyes and suggested that Cillumn had simply abandoned them.
Not likely.
Yet there was no sign on the plateau, and his dragon had already flown the forest close to the aerie itself with no results. If Cillumn was out there, he was far enough away that he would have had to turn dragon to get so far.
If only Gayriel had used her common sense. The dragon rumbled at their shared memory of her return to the aerie, flushed and happy as though having just spent the day at the most pleasant of tasks.  It rumbled louder when he played through the scene in her apartment.
He should never have touched her. Should never have let his hands run over that smooth olive skin. Proving to her, to himself, that he aroused her excitement as much as she did his.
It had been a great struggle not to complete what he started, his member hard and throbbing with need and the beast inside aroused to a near stupor. The way she stood there, hands bound above her head, delicate chest heaving and desire flashing in her eyes, Great Six he doubted he would ever erase that picture from his mind. Even now, he could feel the creature's regret in leaving instead of taking her.
And that, in itself, was another problem. It was not usual for the Dragon to make its desire known in such a way. He worried that it had to do with his mixed blood, that it simply meant that somehow he had less control over the beast than other Lords.
Yet such a thing had never occurred with any of his other lovers.
Either way, it was a headache he did not need. Not at this juncture. The dragon would have to wait, for the sake of both of their lives.
Another dragon interrupted his internal flogging. Krashac, the Lord he had taken to search with him. Krashac's beast was a black dragon, as well, but there were hints of silver along his wing tips, and the color faded to a blood red at his claws and tail. Amber eyes caught his gaze and then the great neck swung right and down, a gesture encouraging him to follow.
Dynarys could smell the blood before he landed. A great deal of it, tainting the air with a metallic scent. The surrounding forest had been utterly destroyed. Trees lay in tattered ruins, and in between grasses and underbrush lay crushed, or in places dug up from something leaving deep scores in the earth.
A great battle had taken place. A dragon battle. And Cillumn had been at the heart of it, he was certain. Vast stains of blood littered the ground, alarming in itself, but it was the final bloody pool that had Dynarys's heart sinking.
The wound must have been fatal, even for the quick healing of a Dragon Lord. It must have been, or would not Cillumn's body still be there? Where it had gone, Dynarys didn't know. There were enough great predators in the forest that it wasn't hard to imagine something might have dragged it off. For once, he wished that his mixed blood would allow him to scent the Quatori, the same as the Shifters could. They must have been around; such a battle would have created an abundance of noise. And the Quatori were nothing if not scavengers of misfortune. Even if a large predator hadn't happened across Cillumn, the Quatori would have.
The beast's head lowered, feeling the loss keening painfully through Dynarys. His fault. His responsibility. This Lord who stood by him, who claimed him as a brother. And it was Dynarys's fault he was dead.
The great howl that came from his dragon was nearly unrecognizable, so filled with fury and pain, regret and sorrow. It rang out through the forest, startling small mammals from their branches and flocks of birds into flight.
And it echoed the feelings in Dynarys's own soul.
***
She was furious. How dare he? How dare he use her body against her and then leave her wanting?
The shame of the memory threatened to overwhelm her.
Your desire binds you to me. Well, something would have to be done about that. She had to secure her freedom before she lost it for good.
Which was why she had bullied the timid young woman who had come to dress her hair into giving her an extended tour.
She was a pale thing, too thin to be used as one of Celcath’s statues, with a wide smattering of freckles against her nose and cheeks, pale blue eyes and brunette hair braided back and tucked beneath a veil. She cowered behind as Gayriel opened the door to the suite. 
Strale leaned casually against the wall of the suite next door, watching the courtyard and the skies alternately with a firm attentiveness. He straightened when she emerged.
He was dressed this day in a deep jade, tight fitting shirt and matching pants. Gold embroidery flickered as he moved, most of the pattern so tiny and intricate she had to squint to make it out. Unlike other days, however, he had strapped on blades. Lots of blades.
“You aren’t going to a meeting like that?” she asked. The blades would never protect him when he was so outnumbered by Onyx dragons, but they would send a message.
“There will be no meetings until Cillumn is found. Dynarys and Krashac search the forest now,” he raised a blond brow.
“The Onyx dragons are not aiding in the search? After they promised the safety of the delegation?”
“Celcath insists that Cillumn has returned to the Amber aerie, or that he had other plans. Since he left the aerie of his own free will they refuse to interfere.”
Gayriel studied Strale, his words were emotionless, without hint of accusation. His eyes flicked behind her, the girl stood, eyes downcast, waiting patiently.
“I am getting a guided tour,” Gayriel explained.
“You think that is wise, at this juncture?”
She frowned. “I am not leaving the aerie, I see no harm.”
Strale grunted. “I do not think Dynarys would approve.”
“Dynarys is not here to ask. If he had his way, I would stay confined to my chamber and never venture forth for risk of a hangnail. What good would come of me then?” Some of her frustration over last night’s encounter must have bled through her tone; both of Strale’s eyebrows shot upward.
“Is it really so terrible that he wants to keep you safe? I have seen your actions, Lady. You behave like a child that wants her own way, regardless of the danger, yet you wonder at his firmness.”
She pressed her lips tightly together. Strale obviously did not see it her way, it was no use arguing with him. Besides, his words were pulling a little at her conscience and she wished to stay mad...emotionally separate from the man in question.
“I cannot simply sit in my rooms. I need something to do, Strale.”
Strale sighed, his fingers gripped and then released the pommel on his hip. “Fine, you have an hour. You will stay within the aerie,” Gayriel smiled at him, relieved. “And you do not go unguarded,” he said at last and waved an arm. Pourtus appeared from the suite across the courtyard and strode toward them. 
“I do not need a babysitter. I promise I simply want to look around.”
“I am not debating the subject. Pourtus, you will see to the lady while she is on her tour?”
Pourtus nodded, but he did not look impressed. He was probably thinking about all the better things he had to do, especially with the meetings breaking down and a delegation member missing. He narrowed his eyes at Gayriel, as if she had forced such ridiculousness upon him.
“Do not make me regret this allowance, Lady Delegate,” Strale warned.
Oh, she wouldn’t. This tour would be a model of obedience. It would be dark before anyone realized its true purpose.
“Please, start with the aerie’s main buildings,” she told the girl.
The woman jumped a little when she was addressed. Maybe she thought her quiet demeanor had hidden her from the confrontation. She shuffled from the apartment area, her stride agitated and nervous.
“This is their tour guide?” Pourtus muttered, falling in by Gayriel's side.
“This is my tour guide, yes.”
Pourtus eyed her. “For a human, you are quite a bit of trouble, and irreverent, too. What is it that you are up to now?”
“I am up to nothing. I am bored. I’ve been stuck inside my suite for three days, and the one invitation I had to leave seems to have initiated trouble that has nothing to do with me,” she sighed.
“Indeed.”
The girl stopped at the base of the large, tall central building. The main tower, like enough to the banquet building at the Amber Aerie that Gayriel assumed it held similar purposes.
“This is the tower, the most important of the buildings in the aerie,” she murmured. “Would you like to see inside?”
They had, once already, when the delegation was greeted by the Archon, but Gayriel didn’t say. She turned her head up. The tower was several stories higher than the other buildings. An idea came to her that might shorten the tour and negate the suspicion both Strale and Pourtus wished to straddle her with.
“It looks as though such a building has a wonderful view, are we allowed in the upper levels?” she asked.
“Not the very top ones, those are for the dragons only. But I can take you up to the upper dining hall. The servants are allowed in there to clean and prepare. I am certain it would be allowable,” the woman smiled, relief taming the fear on her features a little. Had Gayriel truly come across as so unreasonable she feared what would be asked?
“That would be appreciated. Can one see out of the aerie from there? The plateau and the forest as one?” If so, it would definitely be high enough for a comprehensive view of the aerie’s layout.
She nodded, her voice rising with excitement. “It is beautiful, do you paint?”
“Sometimes,” Gayriel nodded. Terribly, but the guide did not have to know that. Let her think this strange woman from the Amber Aerie was interested in an artist’s perspective.
The woman moved before them, her gestures more excited now than nervous, yet it still put Gayriel in the mind of a mouse inside the cat's lair. She led the way to a set of stairs, tucked in its own section of the tower, and they began the assent.
“Liar, liar,” Pourtus muttered in Gayriel's ear when he made the staircase behind her. “Has Dynarys not taught you that dragons can scent emotions and lies, Lady Delegate? Just what are you up to here? My dragon tells me you do not seek a view worth painting.”
Crap. And this was why she did not need an Amber Dragon babysitter. She would have to be extra attentive to her visualization and any lies. “I do seek the view, I’m just rather terrible at painting,” she explained, with her barriers erected. “That does not mean I do not enjoy such things.”
Pourtus said nothing, but she felt his eyes upon her, studying her as though a curious specimen he wished to dissect.
The dining room was high enough that her energy was piqued by the time they stopped climbing. Not that they could have continued if they wanted to. The stairs simply ended there. If dragons used the levels above, they must fly in.
It was a massive affair, a tall room with two walls that had windows stretching from floor to ceiling between heavy pillars. The glass seemed nearly non-existent, so perfect was it in its cleanliness and quality. Each of the pillars was identical, smoothed until they shone.
Eight enormous tables filled the floor; each looked as though the plank that formed the top came from a single tree. She studied them a moment, puzzling how one might get such a monstrosity up the spiral of stairs, before deciding that they must have once hoisted the creations from the building exterior up and through the window openings, maybe before they had placed the glass.
Stone and wood carvings filled the spaces as center pieces upon the tables and bright tapestries hung along the walls wherever the windows did not take precedence.
“Impressive,” she noted.
“I have not been here long enough to see it used,” the woman told her. “The head of house says that, once, the Archon held many affairs here. But it hasn’t been used in years.”
“That is a shame,” Gayriel approached one of the windows, oriented east, and began to note buildings and obstacles. The direction gave her a partial view of the cliff-edge and the forest far below. Was Dynarys out there? She turned her attention to the other direction. Crops of grain and happy green plants waved in the afternoon breeze. It was hard to believe that Cillumn could have been ambushed in such a setting. Even if the Quatori were invisible and wandering the fields, he should have been able to fly as soon as trouble presented itself. Maybe Celcath was right and he had just returned to the Amber Aerie. Would he do such a thing? For back up, perhaps?
“The coming of your people has allowed us to see more of the Archon than most of us have ever glimpsed him. He spends most of his time in the chambers up there where no human goes,” the woman joined Gayriel at the window. Her feigned interest in art must have disarmed the guide somewhat, for she was friendlier than expected since mentioning painting. Did she realize she had just given Gayriel the prized information that she sought? The location of the Archon’s chambers?
“Such a beautiful view going to waste,” Gayriel told her, sympathetically. “I would love to come up here and paint it at dusk, I bet the sunset from here is magnificent.”
“Most certainly it is. If you would like, I will see if the head of house will allow such a thing?” She hesitated a moment, “and if it wouldn’t be too much bother, I would love to watch you work. I always wanted to learn to paint.”
Gayriel nodded, but scrapped the plan immediately. Too many people would know of her presence there for her to find some way to the upper levels. Still, she recalled that the stones that formed the outside of the building were fairly rough. She might climb...if she could make it so far. The height worried her, not only for her own endurance, but if she made a mistake, it might be the last she ever made. And there was the risk of getting caught; pretty hard to explain herself out of that.
She pointed at a few buildings and asked questions, innocent questions that should mislead the woman if she later found any of her actions suspicious. And then she paused, next to a window, thinking.
They were six or seven stories high; the levels above constituted at least another three. Getting in safe and unseen would be a feat. Finding the correct chamber added to that. Faced with the realities, she wasn’t sure she was up to it.
“The great war,” Pourtus announced from behind her shoulder.
“What?” she blinked at him.
“The tapestry,’ he nodded to the heavy wall hanging next to her. It was where she had stopped to ponder, so she supposed it made sense he thought she was studying it in depth.
She looked at it now, a long narrow scene. Dragons flew through a smoke filled sky, the representation of town and forest both red with fire. On the ground many humans lay dying, interspersed with the odd dragon littered with thousands of arrows.
She had heard of the great war, but the people of the streets were little concerned with histories from thousands of years ago. Both it and dragons themselves were spoken of as mythical. In fact, she had only seen a dragon once, near dark when she was five, flying so high above the city it might have been mistaken for a large bird. All of this was new to her in the last two weeks.
Her eyes drifted lower...and caught on a gruesome depiction of eight men around a fallen body. It looked as though they were...eating it. Blood stained their hands and beards and they grinned at each other, some raising their fare upwards to the heavens.
“The beginning of the Quatori; evil, benign spirits until the humans offered them their own corporeal bodies in exchange for wiping dragons from the earth.” He scowled at her. “I wager you didn’t know that the blight on all the races began with your own people’s intolerance.”
She shook her head, turning back to the scene. How could anyone create such beings?
“Figures. Humans never did take responsibility for the mistake. Even after the Quatori grew in number and turned on them, feasting on human, dragon, and even Shifter blood alike. And now we must protect you from your own folly, or see our own race decline, as well. Celcath is not entirely wrong, despite what Dynarys thinks. The least your people owe us is whatever females we wish.”
Gayriel bristled a little at his words. If it was true, then humans had made a very poor judgment indeed. One with consequences far greater than should have been possible. But she did not feel women were owed to anyone. A little of her anger at Dynarys subsided. She was relieved he fought against such beliefs.
“Has my lady seen enough? We have not gone to any of the other buildings, but the hour your Dragon Lord has allowed you is nearly over,” the woman twisted a finger.
“The dining room was experience enough,” Gayriel smiled at her. She didn’t even have to lie. 
She did work her way from Pourtus. She found herself disliking him, not just for his opinions, which were terrible, but for reasons she couldn’t place. His presence next to her made her nervous, and though the situation was safe, she couldn’t help but think she didn’t want to be left alone with the man.
As they began down the staircase, she pretended to bend and check the ties on her silk slippers, pausing just long enough that she would follow Pourtus down the stairs instead of the other way around. That way she might regulate the distance between them a little.
Her visualized barrier must have been effective, he did not hesitate at all, but slid into the staircase. She made sure to follow quickly so he had no reason to suspect her motives, but she allowed some space, and she watched him.
She had noticed before that he was not the largest among the Dragon Lords, but his grace spoke to a speed and agility that was best not taken for granted. Besides, even smaller than Dynarys and the others, he was many times stronger than herself.
Catching her thoughts, she shook her head. Why was she planning defense against him? He wasn't likely to challenge her to a duel. She put aside such ridiculousness for later consideration and focused on her descent. 
A large arm flashed from the alcove on the landing they approached, a gesture meant to catch her attention.
The guide and Pourtus were already past, so she slowed, her heart slamming into her ribs. Maybe getting behind Pourtus was not such a great idea after all.
Her shoulders slumped a little when Scet melted from the shadows, but they tensed again with his expression. Something was wrong.
“Lady,” he muttered, so low she struggled to hear. “We have trouble.”
CHAPTER 16
“Scet?”
It was a stupid thing to say, obviously he knew who he was. Shock stole her wit. “How did you get in here...in the aerie?”
Scet shook his head, “Dragon Lords are self-important, they forget that their senses are easily fooled. But we have not time to speak of trivialities. The Shifters have remained nearby, as arranged, but the Onyx Aerie Dragons guard the area closest to the walls, pushing us back.”
“Pushing you back? With force? As in battle?” Her suspicions were right then, they were prisoners.
“Mostly posturing and threats, but yes, there have been a few instances,” Scet frowned. “We are unharmed, but they have cut off any communication.”
Hmm. But wait...
“Then why not find Dynarys? He flies the forest searching for Cillumn.”
“Dynarys is being watched Lady, every move.”
“How...”
Scet shook his head. “There is no time, your presence will be missed shortly. I need you to deliver this message to Dynarys, to him alone. I do not trust the other Dragons, someone amongst the delegation is untrue. Do you understand?”
She nodded.
“The aerie is surrounded by Quatori, about a quarter mile out. So many I cannot count them all.”
Gayriel shuddered. 
“It gets worse,” his frown deepened, and he met her eyes for the first time. “I have scented Kurath nearby, as well.”
That was worse.
Prisoner in a very dangerous situation, indeed.
“I will tell him the moment he returns,” she promised. Scet nodded, and then made to sink back into his shadow. But another question nagged at her.
“Scet?”
He hesitated, but did not meet her eyes again.
“Why did the Shifters stay? Why help Dynarys at all?”
There was a long moment. “Because he is pack, whether he wants to be or not.”
Huh. And she would wager his protective gesture had not gone unnoticed either. Her opinion of the Shifters slowly grew.
“Lady Gayriel?” A loud new voice echoed down the staircase behind her.
She flinched, and spun toward the intruder. Not the wisest move on a steep set of stairs. There was an elongated instant where her balance slipped away. She fought, but she was over the turning point and began picking up speed. Sharp stone stairs rushed upward and her breath caught in her chest, unable even to scream.
Fortunately, strong arms saved her from what would have been a fatal fall. The scent of some familiar, but unnameable, spice teased her nostrils. She found herself crushed against a hard chest so that she had to crane her neck backward to glimpse her rescuer.
Grim.
So much fear rose in her throat that it threatened to overwhelm her barriers. But now, of all times, she could not lose composure. This was no different than planning escape for three years. The same danger hovered over her. She knew then that she would have to act and pretend her way to freedom. Only now, it was more than simply her own life walking the blade’s edge.
Using the cover of balancing herself, she checked the landing. Scet was gone, no trace remained. Great Six the man was fast. And sneaky.
“What are you doing here?” Grim demanded. His dark eyes flared slightly, all other aspects of his expression remained calm.
“Grim, thank the Six you were here, I nearly fell,” she didn’t mention that he was the reason for her unbalance in the first place. “I was receiving a tour, but my time is limited so we looked at the aerie from the upper dining room,” she smiled sweetly, subtly trying to put a little space between them. It was difficult on the stairs, and with Grim resisting.
“Where is your guide Lady? I do not remember sanctioning a tour.”
She grimaced inwardly. Had she gotten the shy young woman in trouble? Grim’s voice had not changed in inflection, but she sensed something dangerous in it nonetheless. 
“I am afraid I was rather pushy with one of your younger servants,” Gayriel smiled shyly, attempting to look bashful. “I might have used your name as leverage to get my way.”
A muscle twitched along his cheek, but one corner of his mouth turned upwards wryly.
“And where is the guide now? I also do not believe the Amber Lords let you out of the guest quarters unsupervised.”
“Uh, no, they didn’t. They are up ahead. Probably a ways now.”
He didn’t speak but studied her closely. It was unnerving, he had yet to give her space. She could see his pupils from there, his eyes were so close, and they were focused, and most definitely suspicious.
Her gut twisted a little. What if he figured out that Scet had been there? She had witnessed his reaction to the Shifters before. For the first time, it occurred to her how her actions could affect the entire delegation. If Grim figured out what she had been doing...what she planned to do…
She kept her barriers firm, but the situation was making her nervous. What could she do to throw his suspicion and his thoughts from the proper path? When she was a slave it was easier. No one expected a sex slave to think for herself, or plot and plan against them. They expected willful and happy obedience.
The idea stopped her for a moment. Was Grim really so different? All of his control, and then his offer the day before. He did not respect her as a separate, thinking being, but a prize that he would force upon his dragon. Just a silly woman, grasping for higher status.
She could play that.
“Alright,” she whispered, “I was looking for you.”
Eyebrows rose upward, but his face relaxed a little. The corner of his lip lifted slightly.
“You were? Have you considered my offer, Lady?” 
He brushed closer to her, his chest rubbing purposely against her breasts. She hid the revulsion she felt and pressed in. That is what she had been trained to do. Men liked the feeling of a woman’s breasts crushed against them.
“Perhaps you were considering it through the long lonely night?” he continued. “Did you satisfy your need, Lady? Or do you wait for me to do it for you? I can be very satisfying.”
In a blink, she was against the stairwell wall, with a Dragon Lord pressed firmly against her. Heat emanated from him, adding to the sickening feeling growing within. One hand cupped a breast and the other wound through her hair, gaining a firm grip.
No. Her stomach churned and instinct screamed at her to fight. She did not want such an interlude. Not here. Not with him. She wished to fool him, nothing more.  She let a little of her fear through the barrier.
He paused, but did not release his hold.
“You fear me?” he whispered against her ear. His hot breath left a damp moisture on her neck.
“A little,” she admitted.
“Good,” he growled. And the admission that he sought fear, that he was excited by it, sent shivers down her spine. And not shivers of mutual excitement either.
“Lady Gayriel, it is difficult, even for you to get yourself lost on a stairwell,” Pourtus announced.
Thank the Six.
She hid the relief that flowed through her, but relief did flow through her. 
Grim paused, but did not yet release her.
“I can see that you’re...involved, but as your keeper, I must ensure you return to your chambers...in the same state you left them,” Pourtus stepped closer, within reach. Not a threat, but an insistence.
For a moment she thought that Grim would not release her, but he hesitated for only a breath before stepping back. The loss of his support unbalanced her once more.
Emotionless, Pourtus was the one to steady her.
“The Lady chooses me,” Grim announced. “I insist she is returned to me before nightfall. I will ensure your city knows her tasks are complete and she is no longer their responsibility.”
“I am considering choosing you, Lord Grim,” Gayriel interrupted. Then she smiled, and let a tad more fear and nervousness through the barrier to soften the blow. “Might I have some time to adjust to the idea?”
Grim did not look pleased, something she would have dark dreams about for certain. But his eyes did not flare, a sure sign his dragon was not interested in detaining her.
“I do not enjoy being toyed with, Lady,” his tone was granite.
She swallowed. Pretending had seemed like such a great idea.
“I would not think of it,” she lied.
“Come, Lady Delegate,” Pourtus tilted his head downward. “We are late returning and Strale will worry.”
They left Grim standing there, descending toward the main floor. Relief grew with each step she put between herself and the Onyx Aerie Lord.
Avoidance. That was the only option from here. She must avoid Grim and hope the Amber Aerie Lords could keep him at bay until they escaped. Something told her he wouldn’t hesitate to consummate now, whether she was eager or not.
“Hedging our luck are we, Lady?” Pourtus asked when they were out of hearing. “We shall see what Dynarys thinks of your loyalty now.”
CHAPTER 17
Dusk darkened the sky when they left the tower, the stones of the aerie happily blending into the shadows, a sight more forbidding than welcoming or protective.
She tried not to let Pourtus's words bother her. She had a valid reason for her behavior. She was certain Dynarys would see that. Really she was.
Except that nervous flutter in her stomach that kept recalling his words. I will prove to you how deep my control of you runs. Her mind dove off in that direction as they walked, sending electric tingles of awareness through her body.
She cursed at herself. Now was not the time to fantasize, it was not a benign message she was to deliver. Lives, her life even, rested in the balance.
A cold breeze wafted around the buildings and rose goosebumps on her skin. Not just dusk darkened the sky, but black clouds that promised to obscure the moon and stars, as well, which would make climbing more difficult, if she were to still go through with her plan.
The young woman had escaped, back to her duties no doubt, leaving Pourtus to guide Gayriel back to the guest apartments. He did not speak further, but she noted when his attention turned away from her.
The wall that separated the delegation from the aerie came into view and so did the many guards placed at the gate. Onyx Aerie guards, with stern postures and blades exposed. They had not been present when she had left for the tour, so what had changed?
They did not speak, as Gayriel and Pourtus approached. Instinct warned her to slow, to hesitate; here were eight men that looked as though they could skewer her in a heartbeat, and might do so. If Pourtus was intimidated, he did not show it. He continued walking as though nothing more threatening than daisies lined the path.
The guards did not waver as they passed; she tensed anyway, the progress was clear. If they had ever been honored guests, they were no more, and she did not like the direction things were headed.
The Amber Aerie Lords filled the small courtyard, all were present, except Cillumn. And they did not look happy.
Dynarys stood at the center of the group, speaking softly and sending gauging looks toward the gate where the guards had appeared.
“What have I missed?” Pourtus demanded, abandoning Gayriel at the courtyard's edge and pushing into the group.
The eyes of the Amber Lords turned to Dynarys.
“Cillumn is dead,” he announced.
Gayriel's breath caught. Somehow, she had not expected that outcome. The Dragon Lords seemed so untouchable to her.
“I found a clearing in the forest to the north, damaged in battle, with enough of Cillumn's blood to prove his demise. Nothing else remains of him.”
She was on the outskirts of the group, and though the words were even and factual, she sensed a deeper emotion hidden beneath them. Dynarys cared, but here, he didn't wish to show his distress. Why?
And what was Cillumn doing in the forest far to the north? If he had been trailing her, as was supposed, he would have been nowhere near the forest. Grim had led her through crops along the flat plateau. 
A feeling a dread grew within her. This news, coupled with Scet's message, spelled disaster. But she couldn't impart the message here, for Dynarys's ears alone, because Scet suspected the delegation was not true. How would any of them commit such a crime against his own people?
“What of our new friends?” she asked, jerking her head toward the gate.
Dynarys looked up, frowning, but it was Strale who spoke.
“The Archon insists we carry the spirit of evil with us. Our new friends, ostensibly, are to keep the spirit away from him.”
“He's mad,” one of the other men, an older Lord with whitened hair growled, earning a silencing glare from Dynarys.
“The delegation is obviously broken, we must flee the Onyx Aerie before Cillumn's fate meets us all,” Krashac spoke. Gayriel studied him; his swift choppy movements suggested agitation. He had been mostly silent during the journey to the Onyx Aerie, and she knew little about him. Suddenly, her suspicion was upon everyone.
“We cannot,” Dynarys sighed heavily.
“Why not?” Krashac demanded.
“The Archon has forbidden us to transform within the aerie, and now he has forbidden us to leave these walls,” Dynarys gestured to the sectioned off apartments, “until he discovers who carries the spirit of evil. He insists that someone of our delegation has had communication with the Quatori.”
Strale snorted. “As if we would risk such. If the Quatori did not kill us, our own kind would. No one wants to suffer the death consequenced to such a traitor.”
“Yet some have in the past. We cannot be so arrogant to think that one would not do so now,” the white-haired Lord announced. “The Quatori did attack the convoy, directly. We were moving fast enough we should have avoided such occurrences, unless someone lured them to our location.”
“Not only that, but when Celcath demanded our compliance, he revealed that he has a vast amount of information on our actions and whereabouts, including our conversations. More than he should, given his resources,” Dynarys revealed.
“A spy? In our midst?” Strale grunted. The Lords looked from one to another, eyes narrowed.
“Our beautiful Lady Delegate might be able to fill some of the gaps. Or are you so committed to mating within the Onyx Aerie that you belong on the other side of this wall Lady?”
The Lords turned to Gayriel and she fought valiantly not to cringe. She knew things were not going to look well for her, but that didn't stop the overwhelming feeling of unfairness she struggled with. They looked at her now, even Dynarys, who had stiffened, a muscle jumping in his tight jaw, because she had lied for them, to hide Scet.
“Did you know, Lord Firestriker, that your charge is practically mated to Celcath's general? No? I can see that you were not aware of such an arrangement. Deny it if you will, Lady,” he turned to her.
What choice did she have? She could not deny her intents without revealing what she shouldn't. She wasn't sure what else she might do.
“I do not deny it,” she announced, going for the truth and hoping that Dynarys might see through the layers of lies. “Grim has offered me a position as his mate and I have agreed to consider it.”
“Agreed to it is more likely. They had nearly mated by the time I came across them,” Pourtus argued. “I suggest we confine this woman before she causes us any more problems. Or perhaps we should just give her to the man. He seemed eager enough for the traitorous bit...”
“Enough,” Dynarys growled. Then he spoke softly, “Gayriel, go to your chambers, and if you know any caution, you will not come back out until you've been told.”
Soft from Dynarys was dangerous. Frightened by what he might do if she did not obey, she left the group and made her way to the chambers provided to her. How was she supposed to deliver the message when he sent her from him? Obviously, Scet had too much confidence in her influence on the man.
“It is a good thing that none of the Amber Aerie mated her; a misery to the dragon whose mate betrays him,” Strale shook his head. “A shame, too,” he muttered.
Gayriel didn't have to look back to see the fury rolling off of Dynarys, she could practically feel it. How quick he was to believe poorly about her.
She entered her chambers and closed the door behind her. It clicked shut, cutting off the Lords and their frustrating inability to see the truth. She growled, and kicked it a little for good measure.
The action left her feeling despondent. She wanted him to see the truth, but she really hadn't given him reason to trust her; in his eyes, her actions constantly screamed disobedience and willfulness. The willingness to believe her a traitor shouldn't come as a surprise. Still, given that he bought her for reasons of subterfuge, she would expect a little more trust. She hadn't betrayed her supposed purpose, had she?
The lanterns in the main room were lit, highlighting the perfection of its contents, an attention to detail that still amazed her. But it was a surface picture, showing nothing of the tension the aerie held, just as she was supposed to be. Sex slave, an item to be used at someone else's will.
The thought halted her, not because of its negativity, but because it was no longer true. Not really. She hadn't acted, nor thought, much like a slave since leaving the choosing house. And even at this aerie, doing as she thought best to earn her freedom, she acted on her own free will.
She sat on the lush cushions of a nearby chaise, running a finger along the deeply polished wood on the arm. It had been a long time since she thought about what kind of woman she wished to be; long before her parents had sold her for a quick meal, when womanhood was still a distant dream. But she knew, now, what she wanted. Freedom was part of it, certainly, but mostly she wanted to be true, honorable. And to have the freedom to choose that path.
So, she decided with a finality that grew in her chest, Dynarys would get her help, whether he wanted it or not.
***
Three hours passed while she waited for the courtyard to clear. It didn't empty completely, of course; despite the unlikelihood of defending against the Onyx Aerie in their current state, a night watch had been set.
She crept to the high, narrow window near the door. The Onyx Aerie apartments were well furnished, but not lavish. It appeared that the windows were the same. Functional, tall, and high to allow light in, but not a big enough space to allow a woman to crawl through. It mattered not, since she would have to shatter the glass to get out and that was bound to draw unwanted attention.
She had to pull herself up on the window's edge to gain any view of the courtyard. Her fingers strained beneath her weight, legs dangling uselessly below her.
Shadows and dark shapes filled the outside world, none of which looked like a Dragon Lord.
That didn't mean he wasn't out there somewhere.
She watched for as long as her arms held strength. Nothing moved, not even a little.
Shit.
She dropped back to the floor, the sound of her landing silenced by her slippers.
She had already donned her brown travel dress, the closest clothes she had to black; she shouldn't be too visible. She had hoped, however, for a glimpse of the guard. If she knew his position, she might be better able to avoid him.
It had not missed her attention earlier that, though she had been ordered to her chambers, no one had bothered, or remembered, to lock her in. Thoughtless on their part, really, they should know better.
Dynarys had apprehended the rooms next to hers, so she wouldn't be in the open long.
It was a risk she might have to deal with. Dynarys needed that message soon. He had chosen not to flee the Onyx Aerie, but if her understanding of the situation was correct, and enemies were closing in, he might want to reconsider.
She paced in front of the door twice.
Then, taking a deep breath, she pulled the latch and stepped into the darkness. The heavy wood swung open smoothly, and she left it ajar, for easy re-entrance...and because she was afraid the sound of it closing might give her away.
She paused, hovering next to the wall, certain she would be caught at any moment. Nothing happened, no challenge echoed out. As far as she could tell, whoever was on guard was not present at all.
She would speak to Dynarys about that, too, she decided. Now was not the time for any of the Lords to be lacking in duty.
She slid along the stones, holding her skirts against her legs so that they did not pull down loose mortar. The caution was unnecessary, though, and she reached Dynarys' door without incident.
She pulled the latch open, and in a moment she was in the darkened sitting area, the door closed behind her.
Too easy.
The thought hardly had time to flit through her mind before it was halted by the smooth cool feel of a blade against her throat.
CHAPTER 18
She stilled, careful not to press against the metal, or irritate whomever held it. She should have known that entrance was too easy.
The apartment was dim; the remains of a fire glowed within the hearth, but the orange coals did little to light the room, they only highlighted the edge of a lonely stool. She could make out the rest of the furniture if she squinted: a table tossed upon its side and the untouched bed against the far wall.
It was the first time she had seen any of the other apartments and she noticed quickly how much less inviting this room was than her own.
Her attacker shifted; despite her position, her body refused to build the fear it should. There was something familiar, comforting near her. A hint of rain in the air. Dynarys.
“Dynarys, please, it's me,” she whispered.
He did not react, or at least he did not drop the blade. Behind her, he stiffened.
“And who do we have? A slave...or a traitor?” he growled bitterly.
“I am neither.”
Dynarys snorted.
“I swear on my freedom, Dynarys‒” she began.
The blade stopped her from saying more. It moved from her throat downward, to her chest, and pressed there. Not so hard it would hurt.
She should have been scared. She was nervous, most reasonably, but not scared. Everything she was told her that Dynarys would not hurt her.
“Mother thinks I should kill you,” he continued. The end of his words slurred a little, as if...
“Have you been drinking, Dynarys?” He didn't smell like drink, but he certainly wasn't himself.
Dynarys ignored her, trailing the dagger—for she decided that's what it was, even though she could not see it—toward her chest.
“My dragon does not wish to kill you,” Dynarys admitted. “He wants to fuck you.”
Definitely been drinking. Would it do any good to give him the message now?
“He has always wanted to fuck you. Since the moment you met my eyes defiantly at the choosing house,” the blade trailed its way along her cleavage, and beneath the bodice of the brown dress.
The feel of the cool metal, coupled with his harsh, but passionate words picked up her desire and spun it into a frenzy. It was stupid to enjoy such an interaction, one laced with danger, but try as she might to convince herself that she desired it not, her body would have none of it. Her center burned with his admission, and not even a touch of fear would enter into her emotions. She knew he would never hurt her.
His head tilted against hers and he inhaled deeply, groaning and pressing himself against her back.
“What is it you consider in him, Gay? Whatever it is, I promise I will give you more. What do you long for in a mate?” His words came out jumbled and quickly, laced with a desperation she had yet to sense in him.
She had hurt him. He would never show such a thing, and had he kept his senses about him and the drink from him, she might never know. But she did now, and it touched her. Somehow, he believed the accusations, believed that she would actively choose another. And despite his obvious appeal, he feared she did not desire him.
She turned, careful not to rub against the blade, until they were face to face, her chest against his own.
“I do not consider him at all, Dynarys. Remember I am supposed to be earning my freedom? Grim caught me off guard and I could only think to pretend that his offer interested me to distract him from Scet.”
Dynarys's head whipped upward and he stared at her, hard. “Scet?”
She could see the glowing of his eyes, alert now. Perhaps he had been less inebriated than she first believed. 
No, not drunk at all. 
Had grief over her actions truly caused such a difference?
“Yes,” she answered. “He gave me a message for you, but it left me standing alone and unguarded in the tower. I had to explain myself when Grim found me.”
“What message?” Dynarys demanded.
Without hesitation, she reiterated what Scet had told her. 
The blade dropped away from her back, skittering across the stone floor. Dynarys left her standing there to pace the room. He stopped a moment before the stool and considered a bottle of dark liquid sitting there.
“Why did you not say so sooner?”
“Scet told me not to. He believes one of the delegation is a traitor,” she moved closer. The space against her skin that he had occupied felt empty and the longing to replace his presence was overwhelming.
“Did he say who?” Amber eyes pierced her.
“No,” thank the Six he believed her, “but I have my suspicions.” Should she tell them to him? So far, her feeling about who betrayed them was just that, a feeling.
Dynarys wasn't listening. He was busy staring at the bottle, deep in thought. At last, he kicked the vessel into the hearth. It crashed, shattering into the ashes and flaring the fire briefly.
“He was like a brother,” Dynarys muttered. “And it is my fault he is dead. This whole delegation was a trap that I walked into blindly.”
Gayriel frowned. “You are hardly responsible for the actions of a crazy Archon and a traitor.”
Dynarys glanced at her, he had been talking to himself, but her answer didn't sooth him.
“I lead them. I set Cillumn to watch you and he obeyed. They are all my responsibility. You are my responsibility.”
He was hurting. She remembered being told that the dragons were primal, they lived with passion. And, unsurprisingly, it bled into their grief, as well. She raised her hand and laid it on his arm, comforting, but a little more than that, too.
Like lightning, his hand grasped her and he was in her space once more, inches from her face.
“Do not tempt the beast, Gayriel. I can hold it back until you choose, but do not toy with me.”
She didn't know if it was his grief over Cillumn, or his words from earlier…how he had always longed for her. Or, perhaps, it was a culmination of all of his actions. Honorable and true, but slightly vulnerable, how easily he believed she'd choose another over him. But all thoughts of freedom, all her singular goals faded. They were still important, but somehow less so in the face of this man.
So, instead of heeding his warning, instead of backing away, she leaned in.
Instantly, his lips crushed against hers, a low rumble rising in his throat. The pressure against her lips sent little shudders down her spine; his kiss was firm, almost desperate. She found herself cradled by his large arms, pressed closer and closer. Her heart leapt against her ribs, the touch of him so intense she allowed her eyelids to close. He devoured her, tasting and rubbing his lips against hers like a man starved and allowed his first taste of nectar in weeks. He was scorching her, and they hadn't done more than join lips. Without warning, he nipped her bottom lip.
She whimpered at the combined pleasure and pain of the action. Taking advantage, his tongue dove past her lips, rough, claiming and then darted out again, only to repeat the action once more. The rhythm mimicking the kneading of his fingers against her back and then lower, to her ass. His scent surrounded her, a low groan of pleasure filled the air and she recognized it as her own.
Firm fingers gripped the hair at the base of her neck and pulled her away. His chest heaved against hers, his breathing ragged. She pouted at the loss and leaned forward trying to reclaim him. She wished for his tongue to do that thing again, the thing that spun tension through her entire body and lit fire along the folds beneath her skirts.
“Look at me, Gayriel,” Dynarys commanded.
She cracked her eyes open and looked at him. Then they flew open of their own accord. Amber eyes glowed with an intensity she had yet to witness. Not only that, but the fabric of his shirt pressed tight against his chest, pulled by the emerging wings upon his back. His face remained his own, but black scales flickered into existence along his neck.
She reached up to touch them.
“It does not frighten you? The beast?”
Even now, his concern was for her, despite the strain she could see it took to hold himself in check. She shook her head. No, it did not frighten her.
“You cannot change your mind. He won't understand, and the more his passion is ignited, the less control I will have over him. I will be gentle with you, but if I try to stop, he will wrest control from me. You must choose now.”
Yes, she remembered Tharissa's warning, how the beast could be wild with passion, uncontrollable. But the idea did not scare her...it excited her. She was not just some slave, some random tool for pleasure, but someone so desirable that this man/beast might lose control. She had never felt more sexually powerful.
“I want you, Dynarys.”
And that was it. The sound of tearing fabric filled her ears, his shirt crumpled to the floor, tattered shreds hanging where his wings had burst through. She had time to study his solid chest and the trail of muscles leading into his black pants before she was flung the three steps to the bed.
To her relief, he did not transform completely. It was still Dynarys that crawled above her when she rolled over. Still his face, his body, and his passion filled eyes watching her. There was just something more...primal about him.
She squirmed as he approached, his eyes filled with pleasure at the sight.
He kissed her again, hard, demanding. A hand trailed along her jaw, then down her neck, and then lower, to the beginning of her cleavage.
She gasped when he tore the fabric, both the dress and the breast band split beneath his fingers, as if it were no more than parchment. Cool air met with her naked breasts and her already perked nipples hardened farther.
“I dream about these,” Dynarys admitted. He caressed a nipple, pinching it slightly before releasing it to work on the other. “Ever since the first time you ran from me and they were exposed.”
He leaned over and took one of the buds into his mouth.
Until then, she had been content just watching him, enjoying the desire he had for her. The moment his mouth hit her skin that changed. She groaned, pressing back against the bed and raising herself toward him and the delicious heated moisture of his lips. Of their own accord, her fingers rose to his head and gripped his hair.
“Such a reaction,” he teased. “Could it be that you have dreamed of me, too, sweet slave of mine?”
As he spoke the words, he pressed against her skin, lavishing attention on the other nipple.
Yes, she had dreamed of him, too. Every night, and sometimes in her waking hours. He had such an effect on her.
He raised his head and looked at her once more. “Do you dream of me, Gayriel?”
She swallowed, nodding. Satisfaction gleamed in his eyes and he lowered his head, nibbling along her jaw. His hands still worked her breasts, but she was getting impatient for more. Her arms crept up, circling his neck and then wandering downward. Heat burned against her skin; she trailed her fingers along his collar bone and around the swells of his muscled chest.
“Lower,” he whispered.
She obeyed instantly, eagerly touching his stomach and hips, leaving muscles trembling in her wake. The proof of his desire bulged against his waistband, the tip of his cock nearly escaping its containment.
That worried her a little, she was not a big woman, and she had been warned, in the choosing house, of the pain the first time would cause. And how she must not show it, no matter the severity.
But she was eager for it. She trailed a finger lower and brushed it beneath the cloth, lightly touching the tip of his member. It twitched, and her finger came away damp.
There was just enough light in the room for her to catch the glimmer on her fingertip. Curious, she slipped it in her mouth.
“Great Six, Gay, you are going to kill me,” Dynarys growled and crashed his mouth against hers again. His whole body crashed against her, his hips grinding against hers.
Then his hand was down her skirt, cupping her curls and rubbing with delicious friction. She bucked upward. Gods that felt good. Not as good as what happened next.
Pulling his upper body away, and moving with deliberate slowness, Dynarys slipped a finger inward, testing, teasing.
An electric shock shot up her spine. His heat, combined with the tentative movements, pushed her toward an edge higher than she thought possible. A second finger joined the first and, together, they moved toward some common goal her body begged for.
Then they stopped. A pressure built around them, aching and growing worse each moment, until she nearly whimpered with it. Her hymen.
It did not happen as she expected from there. She was told the tissue would tear, hurt and bleed. But Dynarys did not force anything farther, just massaged her inside until the ache was replaced with excitement. Until she pressed harder against him, than he pressed against her. When he pushed deeper, at last, she hardly noticed. The whip of pain quickly replaced by a wave of pleasure threatening to take her over the edge.
“Oh, not yet,” Dynarys growled, slipping his fingers away.
She had been tossing against the bed, nearly delirious. Never had she pictured sex might be so intense, and she cried out at the loss of his fingers. The wave that had been building faded.
She opened her eyes to demand he return them, but could not even work her mouth.
Pure beauty knelt before her; smooth muscles beaded with sweat, perfection in form. Dynarys had removed his pants, exposing his long smooth member with the ridges along the top. Moisture glistened against the tip once more.
He stared at her for a long moment, his eyes glowing fiercely, possessively.
“So beautiful,” he murmured, trailing a finger along her breasts. “You are mine now. There will be no more doubt.”
He leaned over and she thought he would kiss her, she arched her back, eager to meet his lips...and found herself flipped over.
Her stomach and breasts crushed against the blankets, and she felt his firm hands lifting her hips, shoving a pillow beneath her. And there she lay, exposed, vulnerable, and more ready than she had ever remembered being. Her thighs were damp with her own fluids, and being exposed to the open air that way, knowing he was looking at her, open for him, did not reduce them.
A low guttural sound was all she heard, and the roaring hearth.
No, she realized, the hearth had nearly burned out. This was his dragon, declaring his claim.
Then he was against her, pressing into her opening. The heat of his member scorching, encouraging her body to yield.
The first ridge nearly sent her over the edge, so fast the pleasure returned. He moved slowly, but the stretching of her body was slower. She whimpered, out loud this time, the pleasure of him inside her mingled with the discomfort of the new experience. He slowed, but did not stop, however, he had warned her that he couldn't.
She cried out with the second ridge, a dull soreness preceded a spike of growing electricity. If he just...
Waves of intense pleasure washed over her. She cried into the bed. Great Six her body was going to come apart with it.
He stilled while she pushed herself back against him, taking more of him, groaning and mewling helplessly.
Only when the waves finally subsided did he move again. She held him all now, so deep she could feel his stomach against her ass, as he ground himself into her. His testicles slapped against her sensitive front, recalling the intensity of her orgasm with every move, and building the pleasure once more.
She was mindless. She wanted nothing more than him, his body, his pleasure within her.
He said nothing, just thrust. And thrust. The sounds of pleasure he made did more for her than all the words of the world. He wanted her. Just as she was, not to own her, or use her, but her, flaws and all.
He ground against her now, she turned her head to the side and peered back at him. It was a magnificent sight, Dynarys, his muscles taught, his head thrown back. He clutched her hips as he worked his way in and out, his grasp firm, almost bruising.
Then he roared, and his wings lashed outward, his own hips pumping faster, harder, and she knew he was finding his pleasure. He turned his head to watch her as he came, fierce passion in every line on his face. And that sight, a picture that would fuel her passion for eternity, coupled with his obvious release and the new feeling of his seed filling her, sent her over the edge once more.
CHAPTER 19
It was dark when Gayriel awoke, the sounds of a storm waged outside; rain and the occasional flash of lightning. Inside, the room was black as pitch, even the light from the coals had dissipated. Blankets covered her. She was warm, but not hot, as she would expect. Where was Dynarys?
She propped herself onto her elbows, muscles in her shoulders and thighs twinged as she moved. Instantly, her thoughts focused on why, which set off a whole new series of aches. She reveled in the memory, and feared it a little. She had gone to him willingly, chosen him, but was she ready for such a thing? A dragon's mate?
Low mutters broke through her reverie, the sound that had awoken her to begin with. She turned her head and squinted. The next flash of light brought a bright blond head into view. Strale. And they had to be discussing the situation.
She felt around for her dress, hurriedly. Whatever they discussed she wanted to be part of it. It took a few swipes of her hand against the sheets to remember that her dress had met its demise. She sighed. She wasn't likely to get it on properly in the dark anyway.
Wrapping the sheet about herself she rose and padded over to the doorway.
“...its unwise,” Strale was saying. He paused as Gayriel neared, likely making out more of her form than she could of his, and inhaled deeply. Could he really smell her new status? She imagined the blond of his eyebrows meeting his hairline in shock.
Instead, he simply tilted his head...unsurprised, as if she had been a foregone conclusion.
“Congratulations, my Lady,” his shadow shifted, looking to Dynarys, “though I am hardly sure this was the time for it.”
“Tell the dragon that. I was nearly mad with need.”
Strale grunted. “He demands our presence in an hour. It is your choice, Dynarys. You know I will follow you to death.”
“What's this?” Gayriel asked.
“Celcath has demanded a meeting; given the circumstances, I do not expect any Amber Lord will be returning from it.”
Her stomach turned. In the last hours, she had pushed away the knowledge of their situation, back into the place she would think about later. A puzzle to sort out. Now lives dangled before her, their remaining time unwinding before her eyes, and real, true fear settled in.
A wisp of it escaped before she remembered her barriers.
“You see,” Dynarys insisted. “You must take her to safety. You are the only one I trust with the task, Strale.”
Strale said nothing for a long moment. “As you command,” he paused once more, and then placed a hand on Dynarys's shoulder. “Try to come back alive.”
And then he was gone, and Dynarys was closing the door.
“What is going on, Dynarys?” She did not like the finality of their speech, or the waver in her own voice.
Dynarys studied her for a long while. She could see nothing, but she could feel his eyes upon her. Then he spoke.
“From the first display of power, I did not expect that Celcath planned for the delegation to leave here alive. Fool that I am, so eager for the orb, I did not imagine an underlying fault to his invitation. Nor did I think clearly when I brought you along,” he sighed. “I have made a mistake, Gayriel, and now I will be lucky if it does not cost all of our lives.”
His words were sure, and laced with self-hatred. 
Gayriel did not believe he owned the fault he was placing upon himself, but she was curious about one thing.
“What is the orb, why risk for it in the first place?”
For a time, she thought Dynarys would not answer. He moved into her space, backing her toward the bed, forcing them down until they lay next to one another. Large arms wrapped around her, holding her close, his hand stroking her back. There he held her, clutching her to him as though he held the world.
“I never thought to find you,” he admitted. “My mother,” he chuckled bitterly, “I was told I would not have a mate, that even if my dragon chose, none would want me, not as a half breed. Yet, here you are,” soft lips met her forehead.
She was confused by the admission. How could anyone not want him? Six, she wanted him now, in the moments before almost certain death.
“The orb would have been my redemption. The bright light of our people. A way to view the Quatori with certainty, and even, if rumor is true, communicate with the evil.”
She sprung upward, or she tried to; Dynarys held her close. Grim had hinted of such things, that the Shifters had bargained with the creatures.
“Why in all the realms would you want that? To make deals with them?”
“I do not want that Gayriel, the Quatori have no honor. There is no bargain that will hold them, despite what the humans once thought, and what some think now. But dragons are at a distinct disadvantage. We might have the strength to counter them physically, but with them invisible to our senses, we are vulnerable. Three weeks before you came, several Quatori were let into the aerie. They were destroyed before they fed, but two dragons nearly lost their mates.”
“You are certain they did not find a weakness in the wall?” Why would anyone let them in?
She felt him shake his head. “They had to be let in, the walls have kept them out for a thousand years.”
“Then Kurath, too,” she settled against him again, thinking.
“Yes, then Kurath. And if Scet scents him around here, then his guess is logical that someone on the delegation is the traitor. The Archon believed one of the Shifters betrayed us, but now...” he trailed off.
“So you need the orb to root out those unloyal?”
“As much as we need it to level Celcath and the Onyx Aerie. The dragon bloodlines have never been fully at peace, it would spell doom for the Amber Dragons to allow the Onyx Aerie to continue its path of destruction.”
“How did they get it in the first place? Are there more?”
“It is unknown. Until recently, the orbs were thought to be myth.”
“Then how do you know Celcath even has one?” she turned to look at him. What if this entire delegation had been for nothing?
“The Amber Aerie is not the only Aerie with troubles. Spies abound in the Onyx Aerie, as well.”
Politics. 
Yet humans were no different. Not in the streets, and not the nobles. She lay thinking for long moments. There had to be a way to secure peace, or at least their lives.
“If I were able to retrieve the orb...”
Dynarys sat upright, tumbling her to the bed. “Absolutely not. You will take no more risks,” he growled, instantly angry.
“But wasn't that what I was brought for?” She sat up.
“And it was stupid, this entire delegation was foolish. Have you not been listening? I will not have your death upon my head, too,” he paced the floor, his footfalls punctuating his words. “I will go to Celcath's meeting and, if I can, I will create a diversion so large that you will not be missed. You,” he leaned in, crowding her with his body. An intimidation tactic...but it worked, “will obey Strale, he will deliver you to Scet, outside the aerie walls. You will stay safe, Gayriel, I cannot have it otherwise.”
Her mind whirled. He refused her aid, but he needed it. She had just as much right to want him safe as he had to see her safe.
“Promise me,” he leaned forward, forehead against hers. His eyes burned with his demand. “You will find safety. Then, if I survive, I will come for you.”
She met his eyes directly, “I promise.”
But she lied.
***
Never had an hour passed more slowly. Despite Dynarys distracting her with trailing fingers, she struggled to keep her barriers erected, and inconspicuous. He was a smart man...er Dragon Lord, and she knew he would sense a complete lack of emotion, so she exuded worry, and longing, and just a tiny bit of what she was coming to feel for him.
It was enough, at least she thought it was, for he did not question her honor again.
When the summons came, they shared one last long kiss, one she vowed to remember forevermore. Then he was gone, promising Strale a signal when he was ready.
And she was glad he did not push, for she had spent the time since her promise constructing a plan to break it.
For the good of everyone, including herself, she would find that Orb. Tonight.
As soon as the door closed, she slipped into a pair of Dynarys's black breeches, discarded on the floor, and used strips from her ruined dress to secure them on. Then she searched his gear for a shirt. As she did, she peered out at the sky, the inky black mass hung, without light from moon or star, filled with black clouds that mirrored her mood and determination. Strale was out there somewhere and, beyond him, dragons of the Onyx Aerie, but that wouldn't make a difference.
She found something suitable and three sheaths, as well, complete with pointy daggers that might get a woman out of a tight place, if needed. 
She had noticed something while confined to her chambers, before Grim had ever escorted her to the plateau city, and her guess was Dynarys's chamber held the same feature. Quietly, she built the fire, careful to keep it flickering no more than she needed. Then, she scoured the ceiling.
Aha! There.
The small hatch was nearly hidden, but for a tiny, misplaced eye and hook. 
Another woman might never have reached it, but her arms and legs remembered the strength of training and, with the help of a few stools and the ceiling’s beams, she should be able to shimmy her way upward. Now she simply had to bide her time and make the preparations...silently.
All frustration left her, replaced with determination and direction. She peeked through the windows once more, easily locating Strale, his agitated steps visible even without the torches lit. She might have mirrored them inside, if she were not worried he would hear her. No, best if his mind were to wander elsewhere before she started.
She counted fifteen painfully slow minutes before daring to move again. 
Using all the stealth she could muster, she worked her way back toward the hearth, to the place beneath the hatch where she had pulled the stool. She topped it with a second that she had found crammed in a corner. Climbing the set was perilous, but she managed, thankful the pieces were made with such ridiculous and solid construction. Balanced at the top, she hesitated for a moment, preparing, then bent her knees. She would only have one shot. If she missed the first jump, she would crash down and be discovered.
She peeked at Dynarys's long black blades, which she had painstakingly shoved through the latch of the door to delay any pursuit. How long they would hold, she could not tell, but if all went well she would be too far gone for Strale to stop her. She patted her side to ensure the daggers were secure. Great Six help her if she had to use them. Either way, she could delay no further. This was it. She took a deep breath and prepared for her goal.
She sprang up from her crouch, using her toes to push even farther, and harder, directly down, so the stools did not topple. She rose rapidly to the first of the beams. They were as wide as a man’s torso. Even with her elbow crooked around one, she was bound to fall. Working quickly, and using the strength of her stomach and back muscles, she twisted and swung her legs up against the beam across from her. Pushing against that gave her leverage and soon she was propped between the beams, hovering above stool and floor.
She snuck a glimpse at the door. None of the windows showed the courtyard from her position, but the door remained still and quiet. The difficult part was done.
The hook and eyelet were a little harder to find in the dark, but she soon succeeded. Using one arm to support her weight, she quietly hefted the hatch door with the other. Above the hatch, she discovered an access to the attic, presumably for easy maintenance of the roof tiles. She crawled up. It did not take long to carefully remove enough tiles to get outside. 
The roof was slick, drops of mist beaded upon it, gathering into bulging pockets and then trailing downward. She crouched on the tiles, gathering her bearings. To her left, past the roof's peak, lay the courtyard and Strale. She was facing the tower, a deeper shadow in the darkness, which rose above the wall guarding the apartments. Her goal.
She crept along the roof, her feet sliding in the wetness. Curse it. She had tied the slippers as tight as she dared without losing circulation, but they would not do, nor would any of Dynarys's footwear fit her. It might make her feel vulnerable, but she trusted her own feet more than the silken fabric upon them.
She slid the slippers off and dropped them back down the hole into the attic.
Outside, nothing moved; it was as though the world held its breath. And with the storm hanging in the night sky, anticipation and energy filled her.
The apartments were separated slightly, a gap too large for her to jump and too far from the wall to assist her over. There were no potted plants or convenient ladders propped along it either, she had checked. 
Her only choice was to approach the gate—and the guards—as near as she dared and wait for Dynarys's distraction.
Her breath caught briefly, fear for him welling moisture in her eyes. She kept moving, though, crouching toward the wall and then down along it, careful not to make a sound. It was a good thing, she decided, as she neared the gate, that the Onyx Dragons had removed their Shifters. Scet was right. Disguising ones emotions was an easy trick, but the Shifters scented like a hound, and she would not have had a chance.
As it stood, the Dragon Lords guarding the gate were not well tempered. She paused several feet back, knees bent with her back against the wall, and watched them, black silhouettes pacing and milling about like predators before a hunt. How much did they know about their Archon's plans? And did they all follow him blindly? Dynarys had suggested the presence of a spy, but it would be foolish to assume disloyalty without proof.
She shifted closer, moving herself from the wall slightly so that she was braced in a runner's starting position. Her window of time would be short. She counted on the distraction to pull the guards from their post, but that was when Strale would discover her gone, as well.
She just hoped she was fast enough.
The screech came a moment later. A dragon's battle cry; an echoing, ear splitting sound. Instantly, the sky filled with forms and wings. They dove and tangled with one another, snarls filling the air.
She gasped, searching for Dynarys. They were so outnumbered, how long could he last against so many opponents?
The cry pulled three of the six men from their posts; the remaining Lords paced, farther out, wings bared and glowing Onyx eyes raised upward.
This was her chance.
She sprang lightly to her feet and worked toward the gate, where she slipped through. Still pressed close to the bricks, she followed the wall. She did not have time to sneak behind the guards, so she counted on their attention being upward a few moments longer. Once she was far enough from them that her figure wouldn't be obvious, she dashed toward the shadows of the next building over.
She paused for a second, listening. No signs of pursuit followed and she allowed herself to believe she had managed her escape. Now, for the difficult part.
She had never prayed to the Six, not earnestly. But now, watching the beasts of the sky tear viciously at one another, she begged any one of them to intervene on their behalf.
A waste of time, and she knew it. Gods cared not for the struggle of mortals. Still, if it would increase his chances, she would pray for Dynarys.
Lightning pealed, a crash of thunder hard on its heels. She inhaled deeply and ran, keeping as much as she could to the shadows and working her way to the tower.
It hadn't occurred to her, while plotting, that there would be so many eyes about to see her. Her original plan of climbing from the ground was less than probable now. Surely an Onyx dragon would swoop down and that would be the end of her.
A pained shriek burst through the night, followed by a meaty thunk and the crumbling of stone. A dragon had met his demise.
She dashed to the tower doors. Despite the action in the skies, or perhaps because of it, the ground was abandoned. She imagined the servants cowering...wherever it was Celcath kept them.
So much the better for her.
The tower doors swung wide, one dangling precariously from its hinge. The summons must have been to the main floor, to the great hall where they had first met Celcath. She waited for a still moment before slipping inside.
There she stopped. The great hall was destroyed and abandoned. Lanterns flickered wildly in the storm's growing fury. The black and gold carpet they had traversed was shredded and strewn across the vast space, tangled with bits of furniture and glass from broken windows. Blood pooled on the ground in several spots, the golden light from the flames dancing on their surface.
A lump on the dais drew her attention. 
Instinct told her what it was, and deep seated fear kept her from guessing who. 
Please don't be Dynarys, she prayed to whomever was listening. Her chest felt hollow, she didn't want to see, not really, but her feet drew her forward. They grew wet as she neared and she stared down at them, unseeing. Blood dripped from the dais ledge and onto the bare skin on top her feet. 
She had to know.
Her heart in her throat, she stepped up and moved to the body. And she could breathe once more.
Celcath lay there, his skin patched with his own blood, dark eyes open and unseeing toward the ceiling. A deep slit ran across his throat and his face was frozen with an expression of surprise.
Distraction indeed. How had Dynarys managed such a feat? Or was this simply the result of his distraction?
She looked around desperately. Surely he must have died for such a thing, but there were no more bodies to be found.
A soft sound, out of place against the patter of rain and battle cries from without, had her drawing her weapon...or rather, Dynarys's weapon.
The dagger felt heavy in her hand, as though it already carried the weight of many lives lost. The absence of Dynarys's body, of any body other than the Archon's, strengthened her enough to creep to the servant’s stairs.
They hid behind a section of brick, but otherwise had no barrier to prevent one from coming and going. There, pushed back against the lowest stair, was a sobbing woman. And she looked familiar.
“Hey,” Gayriel whispered, lowering the dagger. She checked behind herself, ensuring her safety. “Hey...,” she hadn't even caught the woman's name.
The woman did not respond, just remained curled against her knees. Wisps of her brunette curls pulled from her once-neat braids and tangled downward over her arms. Gayriel frowned.
Some of the strands were tinted red, and blood was smeared along her arms, the light gray of the fabric ruined. There was something else there, colors that didn't belong in battle and the smell of fresh paints.
Gayriel crouched beside her. There wasn't much time.
“Hey,” she repeated, cupping the woman's face firmly and lifting it.
She nearly stumbled backward at what she saw: bruises marred the delicate skin, hiding the freckles on her cheeks and nose, and a large shallow cut down one side of her face and across her lips bled openly. Her eyes were red and swollen from crying.
“What happened?” she demanded.
The woman shook her head, trying to free it from Gayriel's grip, but she held firm.
“I just wanted to paint,” she sobbed at last. “I thought you might...I didn't know they would come.”
“Who, woman? What in the Six realms happened to you? And where are the rest of the servants?”
“They are gone, dead, or hiding, I don't know. The Quatori...,” she looked toward Gayriel, but her eyes were unfocused. “It was supposed to be safe in the aerie, the only way to be safe...that's what he said...that's why I let him...,” she blinked, a tear escaped and trailed through the blood on her face. Then she focused. “But he invited them, he let them in.”
“Who?!” Gayriel nearly yelled. For the love of the Six Realms, what was happening?
“Grim,” her eyes focused on Gayriel's own. “Grim. He murdered the Archon, and he brought the Quatori down upon us all.”
CHAPTER 20
Dynarys rose above the battle, great wings pumping. Grim. That sneaking, lying Quatori lover. While the Amber Aerie Lords had been bound to diplomatic meetings with Celcath, Grim had been laying a trap. Now his men, his people were in very real danger. They had only escaped the onslaught of Quatori due to some Shifter instinct embedded in his blood. The creatures must have surrounded them, many, many of the things. For when Grim commanded, they had nearly been swarmed with invisible foes. Fortunately, Dynarys had a command of his own and his men had changed to dragon and lifted from the ground immediately, only gathering minor wounds as they lifted off. So near, so close to their deaths they had been. After that, the aerie had devolved into chaos. The Quatori had turned from their intended prey and fed upon the servants and anyone else who was not wise enough to flee quickly. It was a sad night for them all, and horrible to watch the thousands that Celcath had commanded run down and fed upon. None even had a chance to scream out their terror, for the second a noise was made, the Quatori smothered the sound with their feeding.
The only other boon they had been given was Grim's dubious decision to murder the Archon outright. Half of the Onyx Aerie Lords had been surprised by the action. Though they had seemed happy enough to support the return to the past, it appeared the old warlord ways were beyond their tastes. They had outright refused Grim's orders, fleeing the tower while the Archon was still warm at his feet. The other half...
A red dragon below him shot upward, jaws open, snapping with vicious certainty toward his dragon's underbelly. Fortunately, his beast had good instincts. He tucked his wings and rolled to the side, falling from the air, quickly vacating the area of attack. While he rolled he raised taloned forelimbs and raked at the air, hoping to catch the beast's side. One sharp claw caught, but it was only the tip of the red dragon's wing. The sharp appendage sunk into the soft material and Dynarys's beast ripped downward, leaving a long ragged gash.
Fury filled the red dragon's onyx eyes; it turned its head, snapping once more, massive teeth only inches away from the limb that did it insult.
All around, similar battles were taking place. The Amber Aerie dragons were outnumbered, and there was little hope of winning.
Fortunately, Dynarys did not plan on winning. All he needed was enough time for Strale to get Gayriel to safety and alert the Shifters he had hidden in the surrounding forest. He hoped his mother had had enough time to search for her missing pack members, because remaining nearby this aerie after tonight would be unwise.
A heavy blow hit him in the side, knocking his breath from him and toppling his dragon toward the upper levels of a nearby building. He recovered enough to spin in the air, striking the stone with his legs instead of his side. He used the misfortune to his advantage and pushed off from the building, springing a fair distance back in the air and narrowly missing the jade colored dragon that had joined the fight, coming in for the kill.
Dynarys's dragon ignored the new beast, springing instead for the red dragon, his initial attacker. The move took the red dragon off guard; it could not recover fast enough to avoid the strike. Dynarys's dragon hit it full force, latching its teeth into the red beast's neck, forelimbs tearing at the red dragon's wings. He swung his back legs forward so that they came up beneath the other dragon's underbelly, slicing and tearing. Then, before the red dragon could react enough to do him damage, Dynarys's beast sprung away from him, much like he had sprung from the wall below.
The other dragon shot sideways, the direction Dynarys pushed, and then tumbled through the air, slamming into the wall that had once kept the delegation's apartments separate from the rest of the aerie. Stone crumbled from the impact. Even after such a devastating blow Dynarys did not expect the red dragon to stay down for long.
He turned, fully expecting an attack from his other side. The jade dragon hovered uncertainly nearby. It was a smaller beast, young, and the ferocity of Dynarys's dragon seemed to have cowed it somewhat. Perhaps it was not comfortable in a battle where it did not have a distinct advantage. He snarled at it, loosing a wicked roar and pulling back scaled lips to show blood stained teeth.
That was enough for the smaller foe. The jade dragon dove for the streets, winding and weaving through the narrow spaces.
Dynarys let him go. He turned back to the red, still stunned in the rubble. Should he desire, now would be the perfect time to finish the other dragon; to swoop in with claws and teeth and ensure that the beast's injuries were such that it would not rise again.
But he did not. He hoped, instead, that the damage done would take a long while to recover from. Dynarys encouraged his dragon to raise its snout to the sky and sound the retreat. For a moment, the beast balked. It was furious and it wanted revenge on these lesser dragons, the Onyx line. How dare they attack?
Normally, Dynarys might have agreed with it, too. But they had more than themselves to worry about now. Now they had a mate. And her safety was first before anything else. And to that, the dragon did agree. The cry of retreat echoed through the streets and into the surrounding forest.
Dynarys did not hesitate. The entire delegation had been a set-up, a trap. The next time he faced the Onyx Lords, it would be with a full army at his command. Until then, he would not look back.
***
Grim. Gayriel knew that man was trouble. All his talk about the Shifters, and their evil, and it turned out he was the snake in the eagle's nest.
Gayriel looked at the woman again. She was a passive thing, and the markings on her skin angered her. What right did he have? Simply because she was weaker? And Gayriel's guess was the visible injuries were only part of her troubles.
“What is your name?” she asked.
“Beska, Lady,” the woman winced, as Gayriel let go of her chin and grabbed her arm, hauling her upright. The stairs were not a safe place for her to hide, and Gayriel planned to give her a chance to retrieve some of her lost power.
“Beska, I have something to tell you,” they began ascending the stairwell. It remained abandoned and a fear grew within Gayriel that the many servants and women-statues had succumbed to death by Quatori. She halted three steps up, her heart hammering with a realization.
She could succumb to death by Quatori. How would she even know they were about? Her mind replayed the scene from the forest, the Shifter being bled dry, and she froze. Fear, such great fear came upon her. More than ever before she felt death closing in. She struggled with her breathing, and the desperate sob that suddenly wanted to escape. What was she doing?
A soft hand brushed hers, Beska. Pale blue eyes looked up at her, dull with pain and trauma, but reassuring nonetheless. And in that space, suddenly their positions were reversed.
Gayriel had been wrong. This woman was not weak, not at all.
And she couldn't be, either. Dynarys was counting on her. He didn't know it, but he was. That orb could not be in Grim's hands. In fact, she was coming to believe it should never be in anyone's hands. And if she found the blasted thing, the first thing she would do would be to destroy it.
And Beska counted on her, too. It was her fault she was here, her lie that drew the woman to the tower, and she would fix it.
“Wait here,” Gayriel commanded.
She hefted the dagger, no longer idle at her side. How stupid she had been to run across the aerie and through the main hall thinking she was safe. What she wouldn't give for Scet by her side now, or even Illaise, assuming she wouldn't simply feed Gayriel to the creatures. But Scet waited without, in the forest somewhere, where she should be right now.
She gave her head a physical shake. Should have been was not going to do her any good. She needed her wits about her.
Working quickly she dislodged the first lantern she came across that still fluttered and hung upon the wall. The hook was a little high for her, built for those of taller stature, and some of the oil dribbled out as she worked the lantern off. Then she moved down the wall to a second light.
Three lanterns and a dagger was really too much to hold, but she felt much safer once she had gathered them. Besides, Beska would need one, too. She pushed the wicks upward, so they glowed as brightly as they would. Then, having as much light as she could procure, she returned to the staircase. It wasn't very sneaky, running around like a blazing sun, but at the moment, it was the less dangerous option.
“Take this,” she handed one to Beska.
Beska took the handle. Her pale eyes regarded Gayriel from above the glowing light.
“I am not a painter,” Gayriel confessed. “Or a Lady even,” she paused. “Well, I might be now, I'm not sure. But the truth is, the reason I am here right now is to take something from Grim. It won't stop him from being Grim, but it might stop him from using the Quatori.”
Beska stared at her. She urged the woman to move upward, up the stairs, toward the dining room. The soft padding of the woman's feet were the only indication she followed, she said nothing. Gayriel had certainly betrayed her, if she thought about it. All of this, everything, had happened after seeing Grim in the staircase. She knew then that he was dangerous, that he would not allow her another chance at escape. She knew he would force mating, and now she knew he didn't much care which woman he used. Were Beska's injuries a direct result of Gayriel's own refusal?
She knew the answer was yes, just as she knew, deep down, it really wasn't her fault. Yet, guilt washed over her. Besides that, she had lied to the girl, as well.
They were halfway up the stairs already. She hated to push Beska, the woman had to be in pain. So many emotions crowded for space, Gayriel couldn't even look back at her. She was keeping up, though—the glow of her lantern echoed Gayriel's own.
When the dining chamber finally opened before them, Gayriel breathed a sigh of relief. Unlike the ruined great hall, this room was untouched. No doubt it had to do with its rare use and the lack of people who visited it. She wanted to believe that meant the Quatori were elsewhere, as well.
She set her lantern down by the stairs and waited for Beska to finish ascending.
“I don't think the Quatori have ventured up here, without anything living to draw them. But I must admit I have lived a sheltered life in regards to the creatures. I need to reach the levels above, specifically the Archon's rooms. That is where, I've been told, the item I seek is kept.”
It occurred to her that, in order to create the mess the aerie was in, Grim might have possession of the orb. Another doubt to add to her growing line of worries. She paced toward one of the long windows, sliding her form behind one of the pillars. She hoped that all without were too distracted to notice the faint light in the dining room, but she wasn't going to risk displaying her silhouette.
If possible, the night had seemed to darken farther. She could see none of the dragons gracing the sky, but their wild roars and screeches still seeped through the glass.
“Do any of these open?” she called softly back toward the stairs.
“No, they are sealed directly into the stone,” Beska's voice nearly made her jump. She was so close. While Gayriel was studying the night sky, she had abandoned her lantern and crept to the pillar. “Why would you wish to open them? What if they get in?”
“Can Quatori climb? I'm fairly certain they don't fly, right?”
Beska shook her head. “There are more demons here than Quatori.”
Ah, she worried about the Onyx Dragons, or at least one in particular.
“I am certain, if a dragon wanted in, a bit of glass would not stop him, yes?” Gayriel fingered the smooth cool panes. “The problem is that I need out.”
Beska made a choking sound.
“How else will I climb to the next level?”
“It is so dangerous. Why would you agree to serve the Lords in such a way?”
“Actually, I agreed not to. But I've become invested in their well-being. You aren't the only one I've lied to,” Gayriel muttered the last words with bitterness. “I will need to break these, but I do not want to draw attention with the noise.”
Beska watched her with wide, frightened eyes. She could not tell what the woman was thinking, but she guessed it was something like internal cursing and suspicion of her sanity.
Crouching toward the floor, Gayriel moved away from the window and toward one of the long solid tables. She grabbed the nearest carving she could find, a piece of stone work that rippled like a pool of water, with a dragon rising from it. It was about the length of her forearm, and awkward, and a little on the heavy side, but she lifted it from the table anyway and made her way back.
This time, she chose the window closest to the solid wall that held the staircase. She watched the skies as she approached, hoping to catch a glimpse of...well, anything. It would work best for her if the dragons had moved off, but she desperately wanted to see Dynarys's beast, to have that reassurance that he still lived and wasn't...
“Wait,” Beska called softly.
Gayriel peered toward her. She was surprisingly easy to lose track of, with her soft demeanor and penchant for not drawing attention to herself. She moved toward Gayriel from her shadow, a lumpy something in her hands.
“Use this,” she whispered. “It will muffle the sound...please...just try to be safe.”
Her words hit Gayriel with the force of one of the lightning bolts that danced outside. All that she had been through, most of which could easily be blamed on Gayriel, and she was worried for her safety. Her throat closed a bit as she took the bundle of cloth Beska offered. It was the outer layer of her skirts, she realized.
Gayriel shook her head; she had to focus now. Climbing such a height in a rainstorm would be dangerous enough. She wrapped the material awkwardly around the end of the stone carving and, without wasting time, slammed the end of the structure into the first pane.
The sound was indeed muffled, a quiet thump that bounced off the glass as easily as if it were a stone wall she was trying to break through.
“Gods damn it all,” she cursed. The shock of the impact rang through her body, but the glass didn't so much as budge.
“Again,” Beska joined her, wrapping her long slender arms around the stone, as well.
Something had changed in the short time since Gayriel had found her cowering in the staircase. She didn't know if the situation, spurring her to action, gave her strength, or if it was part of who she was as a person. Gayriel suspected the latter.
With the weight of both of women behind it, the window shattered when they hit. It made more noise than Gayriel had hoped, but it didn't echo wildly through the night and, for that, she was grateful. Three more of the melded panes and she would have a hole big enough to maneuver through. Beska didn't shy away until Gayriel dropped the carving to the floor and began swiping shards away from where she planned to push through.
“I cannot stay here.”
Gayriel looked at Beska as she pulled the final bits of glass from the window's edge. She completely agreed, Beska couldn't stay. She mulled over the options for a moment.
“Look, I know the last thing you probably want at this juncture is to deal with more Dragon Lords, but there is one out there right now searching for me. It was his job to take me to safety, but I want you to take my place.”
Beska paled, the beginnings of a head shake starting.
“Beska, how long do you think we have before someone, Quatori or Lord, finds us? I was counting on speed and surprise to complete my task, but the battle will not last forever. You need to be gone before it ends. Strale will not harm you,” at least, Gayriel didn't think he would. Dynarys had trusted him with her; the only one he trusted, he had said. So she had to trust him with this, there was no other choice. “Go,” she commanded with as much authority as she could muster. “He is tall and blond, his dragon is golden. Find him and tell him I sent you and promised he would keep you safe. Tell him to take you to the forest in my place.”
She was shaking her head. “I can't...”
“You can,” Gayriel growled at her. “And you will. He should be making his way toward the tower. Take a lantern to the lower level and wait for him if that is all you can manage.  Just don't tell him where I've gone.”
And without waiting for her response, Gayriel slipped past the glass of the window.
She refused to look back inside to see if Beska had taken her advice, and she refused to look around and frighten herself silly with the thought of falling or becoming a dragon's snack. She cleared her mind, put up her barriers, and pretended this was all a very bad dream. Then, mostly by feel, she worked her way out onto the stone wall.
Her fingers ached before she even got both her feet aligned on the edge of one of the great stones. The grips were good and deep, but flat. Her fingers could not curl around anything and they kept sliding outward, encouraged by the moisture from the rain.
She cursed inwardly and swallowed. It was not a comfortable feeling to constantly be slipping toward death. To counter the sensation, she began climbing upward, not giving her fingers a chance to begin their slide out.
The sounds of battle were fading; whatever the outcome it would soon be over and her opportunity would come to a close. She pushed harder, ignoring the screaming of her thighs, which did most of the work. If she didn't give her body a chance to settle in any one place, then she didn't feel so much like she was slipping out of control.
She reached the ledge after an eternity, her fingers ached so bad they curled into tiny balls as she hefted herself over and lay on her side in the open space. She stared morosely at them for a moment. This was only the first of the upper levels, but there was no way in the Six Realms she would make it to another.
She peeked over the edge where she had climbed. It was too dark to see much, but the sense of a great deal of free air and height encouraged her to skittle backwards.
She swallowed and turned back to the upper room.
Before her lay a cavernous space. She could not see the details well, faint blips of flame existed high, high above her, but they were hardly enough to cast light on any one feature. What she could make out was the existence of many, many openings, such as the one she had just crawled through, rising along the walls until they disappeared into the darkness above her. Very much like a hand constructed cave in a mountain. She wondered if the beasts, the dragons inside the Lords, longed for such things: the life of a beast, without so many restrictions of society.
Any other time, she might have been awed at the sheer size. The single chamber was nearly the entire level. Only a dark space at the back suggested there might be smaller chambers around.
And that was what she was looking for, she had to remind herself. The Archon's chambers.
No wonder the Amber Aerie's Archon had insisted she could not sneak in. She imagined the space filled with dragons coming and going, ready to tear apart any who dared to so much as look suspicious. And Dynarys thought he would be waiting for her to let him in.
She wondered, and not for the first time, at the plausibility of the original plan. Just where, exactly, had the Archon received his information? Seduce a man who was clearly insane and refused to see her at all? Somehow get invited into his chamber...where would such a place be, anyway?
She returned her attention to the cave-chamber. What she had first thought to be a massive pillar, supporting the center of the room, turned out to be a wide staircase leading ever upward. She could make it out now that she had slipped through enough deep shadows to approach closer. Something told her that the Archon's chambers would be as high as they could be; up those steep steps, exposed for any who wished to see.
Speed. That's what she needed. There would be no hiding if she ascended, so she needed to get up and off those stairs as quickly as possible. She braced herself, ready.
“I am disappointed, Lady Delegate.”
That voice. 
Grim.
Dread filled her immediately, beyond what her barriers could contain. He stepped from the shadows behind her, fury braced in each movement.
“When I arranged the delegation and hinted that Celcath possessed one of the legendary orbs, I fully expected Firestriker to take the bait, eager as he is to prove his allegiance to his Archon and his race in general. But I did not expect you.” Grim neared, each step slow and deliberate. It was all she could do not to lose control of her faculties.
“I've tried to save you from your fate, Lady Delegate. I offered you a perfectly acceptable arrangement. Mate of the high Archon. You could have been queen over the new order. Mother to the most powerful line in history. But. You. Chose. Him.”
The last words were spat, his nostrils flaring as she turned to him. She flinched as spittle hit her face.
Lightning fast, Grim dodged in and grabbed her throat, his fingers bruising the delicate skin there. She gasped in shock, or she tried to, the air would not come in.
“How is this Lady? There is no orb. Firestriker has it figured out; he fled before I could flay him, coward that he is. But now, here you are. His mate no less. He will have no choice but to return and face his fate.”
With that, he tossed her. The lack of oxygen had weakened her limbs and she tumbled to the floor like a pile of rags.
Great Six what had she done?
“Take her to the forest and bleed her out.” All around her, shadows shifted and Dragon Lords appeared. “I want as many Quatori present as you can get before he returns. The Shifters have placed their hopes upon him. That hope dies tonight.”
CHAPTER 21
“She what?” Dynarys growled. Fear slammed into his gut like a physical blow. His breath escaped him. He had imagined that he had minimized the stupidity of the delegation, but the entire time, his mate had been working her way back into danger. Gayriel.
“I know only for certain that she made it to the tower, because she sent this one to me.”
Strale pulled a pale looking woman, bruised and tattered, from the crowd of surrounding Shifters and Lords. 
 Dynarys frowned at her, and then frowned at the group. There were still men missing. Three of the Lords had yet to return, and an entire unit of Shifters was unaccounted for. Dynarys held out hope they were making their way to him, but there was no way of knowing for certain what had become of any of them.
But Gayriel...Gayriel would not be making her way to him. She would be aiming for the orb. An orb he was increasingly certain did not even exist; just another piece of an elaborate trap.
“We will form an incursion team,” he commanded, not looking at Strale. If the man was wise, he would remain silent and out of the way, his failure sparked the urge in Dynarys to beat the man to a pulp.
“Not necessary,” Scet appeared from the forest, leading the missing Shifters. He was damp with sweat, as though he had been running through the forest moments before. Dynarys tried to feel relief, the majority of his people were safe, but not even a hint of peace would find him. “Grim and his followers left the tower, about five minutes ago. They head north, into the forest, and they carry the lady.”
“Then such is the last mistake they will ever make,” a fury unlike any Dynarys had ever known filled him, fed by the dragon within. Another Lord was touching, maybe harming, his mate.
He struggled to keep the beast from breaking forth right there, to control the violent emotions that wracked him.
A hand fell on his shoulder.
“It will undoubtedly be a trap,” Scet warned.
Of course it would. And they already knew that the unlikely had occurred: Grim had some form of bargain with the Quatori.
Strale shook his head. “We cannot battle the Quatori and Grim's men. We are out powered as it is.”
“You will be fighting no one. Take the woman and deliver her to the Amber Aerie. I trust you can keep this one safe,” Dynarys snarled.
Strale blinked, and then frowned. Such a task was a punishment for his failure with Gayriel and the man knew it. Dynarys waited while the blond processed what he had said. He had been wrong to trust his mate with anyone else, he knew now. How he might have avoided such a disaster he wasn't sure. He was fairly certain, despite being disappointed in the man, that Strale was not a traitor.
“Yes, sir,” Strale nodded at last, his face carefully neutral.
“Strale is right, we cannot battle both the Quatori and Grim's men,” Dynarys turned to the remaining Lords and Shifters. “I have a plan,” he looked first at his mother, and then to Scet, Shifters that he was trusting with his world. “And I trust my pack to achieve it.”
***
Claws dug painfully into Gayriel's ribcage, nearly, but not quite, puncturing the skin. She could feel the tender muscles bruising beneath, and the pain was enough to make her cry out. One of Grim's followers had scooped her up and dove from the height of the tower, spiraling at dizzying speed toward the ground. Her entire body had stiffened, pronouncing the pinching hold the beast had upon her, before he opened his wings and sped off toward the edge of the plateau. 
Now, what seemed like an eternity later air, still whirled past her cheeks. Her gut tightened and lurched alternately.
How could she have been so stupid? She hadn't seen it at all.
Oh, she knew Grim was trouble, but a trap laid down to lure Dynarys to his death? Why? And how did she end up caught between it all?
Because you couldn't just listen, couldn't trust that Dynarys knew best, had things under control.
Shame threatened to overwhelm her. She would be the cause of her own death, and the cause of his. Did he know, already, how she had lied? The smart thing for him to do would be not to come, not to fall into the trap.
She straightened, inwardly at least. Maybe he wouldn't. Maybe he would be so angry at her disobedience that he would stay away. He was a strong man. The strongest she knew. He should be able to contain his dragon.
Oh, who was she trying to fool?
Trees and their wayward branches reached up toward her from the darkness below. The dragon holding her had no concern about their nearness, but she flinched each time a twig brushed her skin. It was dark, and she didn't trust his eyes any more than she did her own.
What difference does it make? Death from the flight, or death once they arrived...either way she wasn't getting through that night alive.
Not with those thoughts filling my head. She shook herself, ignoring the pain that the movement caused and forced her mind onto a more logical path. Shadows surrounded them as they flew, dragons. She attempted to count them, but kept losing track as they drifted in and out of sight. She estimated around ten, though. That was a far cry from the full power of the Onyx Aerie. Where had the rest of them gone? And were they friend or foe? Surely some of them would oppose Grim and his annex of the Archon's position.
Maybe it was foolish, but knowing that there were only ten Dragon Lords boosted her confidence a little. There had been seven Lords on the delegation. They lost Cillumn, but that still left six, if they were to come to her rescue.
She tried to convince herself that the nearly two to one odds were not that terrible.
Unless, of course, more Amber Aerie dragons had met their end in the battle.
She deflated a little.
The flight came to an end abruptly. One moment, she was clutched painfully between massive claws, and the next she tumbled through space. She fell long enough to let out a frightened squeal before hitting the ground. Hard. Stunned from both the fright and impact, she did not rise right away.
The dragons shifted as they landed, until twelve men surrounded her.
She had counted wrong, and not in her favor, either. Things kept getting darker for her future.
“Bind and gag her before you begin,” Grim commanded. He towered above Gayriel, his body seeming bigger silhouetted against the sky above. He paused a moment. She couldn't see his eyes, but she felt his soulless gaze upon her.
“Actually, don't gag her. The more noise she makes, the quicker the Quatori will find her. Let's see how quiet she can be while her life is fading from her.”
Disgusting. He was the worst kind of man.
“The rest of you prepare. They will come. Do as you wish with the rest, but remember Firestriker is mine.”
“Why?” Gayriel demanded, before any of them had turned to obey. “What grudge do you hold against him?”
She held no illusions; she would not talk her way out of this, but the entire thing seemed false. Why set up an entire delegation to get to one man? What purpose would that hold?
“Aside from the fact that the abomination should have been culled at birth, I hold no grudge, dear Lady,” Grim surprised her by answering. “It is simply the price of my reign.”
Large hands grabbed her arms. They were rough and brought sharp pain as they jerked her limbs behind her back. She turned to snarl and fight, hoping to buy a precious few seconds.
Then blinked. Even in the dark, the shock of white hair stood out among the other lords.
“Pourtus?”
“Lady,” Pourtus sneered.
“Traitor!”  she spat at him, twisting away. It was useless. He far out powered her but she could not simply wait passively for the dog licking coward to complete his task. He was the one putting out torches on the carriage. She knew it was a Dragon Lord. How many other ways had he betrayed them? Was he behind Cillumn's death? She tried to think back, to remember if he had been upset by the news.
She levied a kick at his groin, and almost hit her mark before he moved. The heel of her naked foot connecting with his inner thigh. Boots. Practical boots with solid heels, that is what she needed.
He snarled, grabbing hold of her hair and forcing her head backward. Pulling her against his chest and holding her there, her feet dangling from the ground, he effectively halted any farther attacks.
“Tie her quickly or I will snap her pretty neck and Grim will have no bait.”
Someone complied and her arms were bound behind her, so tight she felt the circulation draining from them instantly.
As soon as the deed was done, Pourtus threw her down. Unable to catch herself, she hit the ground so hard her head bounced. Sharp pain lanced through her temple, but she did not lose consciousness.
Breathe. Just breathe. And stay awake girl, you need to draw this out.
“The dark goddess take you, Pourtus, and everything you love.”
Feet appeared in her vision, and then knees as he crouched before her.
“If the dark goddess exists, then she has already fucked my life. Born into the Archon's line and then placed below the half-breed in command. Forced to pander to that disgusting excuse...and if that wasn't enough, now he has mated. If you think I am going to wait around for you to breed more abominations, you are wrong.”
A long narrow blade appeared in his hand.
“Pourtus,” Grim's voice came from a distance. “You will wait for the bargain to be complete.”
Gayriel had been too focused on the sad excuse of a Dragon Lord to pay attention to where Grim had gotten himself. She peeked at him now, or his shape anyway, just at the edge of the space, twenty yards from where she lay. He was alone, and except for Pourtus and the Dragon Lord who bound her, they were the only ones in the clearing. The other Lords must have scattered into the trees. Did they plan to ambush Dynarys when he came? Or did they escape the Quatori?
She eyed Grim. He was insane. Maybe it had to do with locking his beast away all the time. Even now, from across the clearing, his eyes glowed, a sure sign his dragon rose to the surface, wanted escape, but no other sign appeared. Pair that with his hatred of...
Three wolves stepped from the forest, tails high and erect, hackles raised and white dagger-teeth bared. Shifters.
“Kurath,” Grim nodded. “It is as you requested,” he flung his arm toward Gayriel and the attention of the wolves shifted to her position.
Kurath? Dynarys's brother? But she thought Grim hated the Shifters. She most definitely could not see him allowing one to command him. What was going on?
A lump of nausea rose to her throat watching Kurath shift to man, part worry, and part disgust at the sight. The other wolves remained in animal form, yet there was something familiar about the one on the right. She had the sinking feeling he might have been the one trying to rape her at the Amber Aerie. Not a great time to find herself bound and helpless.
“That is not Dynarys,” Kurath growled dryly. “I will not give up my end of the bargain for some silly bitch.”
Before she could blink, Grim had Kurath on the ground, a flash of metal at his throat. The two wolves snarled in surprise and closed in, but Grim ignored them.
“You will give up your end of the bargain because I say so Shifter, silly bitch or not. But it just so happens that it pleases me to watch the half-breed meet his end, so I will humor you. This bitch is Dynarys's mate. He is searching for her this very instant. I give him five minutes until he tracks us down. This is the opportunity I provide you.”
Grim rose gracefully, and Kurath lay a moment more before rising himself. The wolves poised to attack retreated slightly, but did not appear any less tense. In fact, she suspected they were regretting whatever arrangement Kurath had pulled them into.
“You press your luck, Dragon Lord,” Kurath brushed at his limbs, all the appearance of a calm interaction, as though he hadn't just had his life threatened. “The Master seeks the blood of your kind above all else. I could easily direct him to you.”
“And I could easily feed him your wretched corpse,” Grim threatened. “But I won't, and you won't, because your master seeks what I have.”
Kurath snorted. “You have much to learn about the Master, but keep making assumptions. I love watching Dragon Lords sucked dry.”
Gayriel wasn't sure what Grim's reaction to Kurath's words was, but she swallowed at a lump in her throat. The master? Sucked dry? Like some dark Quatori leader? Did Quatori have leaders? Or was there something else in the forest she didn't know about?
Something worse than the Quatori.
Trembles began to work their way through her body. She hadn't reacted fully to the situation since she walked into the tower. Shock was finally setting in.
“You will find him to the west; he favors the shadows at the base of the mountains there. Wear this,” Kurath tossed something toward Grim. She couldn't see what it was, but it was small enough for Grim to catch with one hand. “...and the Quatori won't eat you on sight.”
“And how will I find him? I cannot sense his kind,” Grim demanded.
She was right, then. They were speaking of the Quatori. Not just any Quatori, a master Quatori.
Kurath laughed outright, his head thrown backward. It made him appear even more insane. “You don't,” he chuckled. “No one finds the Master. He will find you. And if he finds your offer more intriguing than your scent, he will not devour you.”
Grim was not intimidated, or he didn't show it if he was. He simply faded into the shadows.
“Bleed her,” his voice echoed back.
Shit. What had she been doing? Watching the spectacle while she should have been working at her bonds, or rolling away, or something. Anything.
She knew better, though. Pourtus and the other Dragon Lord still stood over her. They, too, had been listening, but it wasn't likely they were so absorbed they would not have noticed her clumsy attempts at escape. 
Pourtus rumbled something in his throat, but he loosed his blade and looked down at her. For a very brief moment, she saw something like pity cross his face and then, without blinking, he slashed.	
She felt nothing at first. Shock will do that to you, numb everything for that brief quarter of a second. And then, her arm burned as if it were on fire. The skin there split and she could feel warm fluid join the raindrops and sweat on her skin. Blood. Her blood.
Pourtus raised his blade again, and this time she flinched and cowered against the ground. Death loomed over her.
She processed the odd whistle first. It was difficult to think of anything but the pain in her arm, it was so overwhelming, but Pourtus grunted a surprised sound above her. She looked up, her eyes blurred with unshed tears.
Something was wrong with his arm. He had dropped the blade, but it took a long moment for her brain to realize it was because a wide arrow shaft protruded straight through his limb.
Everything was silent for a breath. 
And then chaos broke loose.
CHAPTER 22
A woman's voice reached her first. Not words, but a cross between a scream and a howl. Illaise. Wolves poured into the clearing and the air around her filled with the scent of wet fur.
Pourtus staggered back as three, and then five, of the beasts fell upon him, forcing him to change. Even in his dragon form, he was outnumbered. The wolves were fierce, snarling and leaping, working as if of one mind. In all Gayriel's calculations of her odds, she hadn't figured in the Shifters.
Pain brought her near the edge of consciousness, as her arms were gripped by an unseen force and jostled.
“Sorry, Lady,” Scet apologized from behind her. A bow was set at her feet, the weapon that saved her from Pourtus.
Her arms wrenched back, inducing pain that hurt like a firebrand, and then her limbs were free. She whimpered as she pulled them forward, cradling the red gash across her wrist.
“I would love to have the killing blow myself,” Scet grumbled as he came around her front, his eyes narrowed at the white dragon. Blood dripped from gashes along Pourtus' side. He snapped at a wolf that drew too near. As he did, a second beast leapt for his throat. Planned, like the thefts of street gangs.
Scet pawed at Gayriel's injury, pulling at the skin delicately. Her awareness faded slightly, black spots formed in her vision.
She was losing her sense of self. Soon she would lose consciousness. She blinked at the swell of blood his ministrations caused and he hissed. A pool was collecting on the ground, the scent of iron invaded her nostrils. That was her life she smelled, drifting away.
“A minute earlier and I might have prevented this,” he muttered. He forced her chin up. His face swam before her eyes, but for the second time, he was looking directly into them.
“Dynarys is going to kill me,” he shook his head. “You are losing blood fast, Lady, I hope you are more forgiving than your mate.”
She didn't respond, couldn't. The ground began to spin and her stomach threatened to escape.
Bleeding. She was bleeding out. Just what they had wanted, and it was a trap. The Quatori would come.
“Dynarys,” she whispered. She had to tell him. He had to know about the Master. And she had never said...never told him...hells, she hadn't even admitted her feelings for him to herself.
Scet lowered his head, warm lips placed right against her wound...and licked.
A shock of awareness raced through her blood at the contact. Not sexual awareness, this was something else. She could hear each beat of her heart and feel the tissue that he had touched. It was knitting. A strange sensation of pulling and drawing, like a needle and thread through a torn skirt. Muscles joining back together and vessels repairing the break. Somehow he had healed her. But it was more than that, too. She could hear breathing, his breathing and she could feel him blink.
Then she knew, as if she could read his thoughts. He had taken a liberty, one punishable by death.
“You mated me?” she whispered. “Oh, Dynarys is going to kill you.”
Noted. Scet's dry thought raced into her mind, unbidden. But I could save your life no other way. The bond will fade, Gayriel, eventually. So long as we do not complete the ritual, it is not a true mating. Gayriel could feel the truth of what he said, but he hesitated and she knew there was more.
“What?” she asked out loud, uncomfortable with the idea that he would be able to read her mind as she read his. She would just ignore that fact until it went away, she decided.
“Breaking the bond is painful, you might wish I had let you die.”
She still felt like she was dying. She took a deep breath. A snarl of wolves fought throughout the clearing. The Dragon Lord that bound her so tightly lifted off on great wings into the night. She could not make out Kurath, or his wolves among the others, but Pourtus she could see.
His wings hung, tattered by his side, his hind leg useless. Still, the Shifters did not go in for the kill. They waited for word from the Alpha. From Dynarys.
At last, she understood the intricate relationship. He had tried to refuse the position, but that was not how Shifter society worked. Dynarys was alpha of the Amber Aerie Shifters, his mother alpha of the free pack. And without the actions of his beta, Scet, Gayriel would not have survived the night.
And she was grateful, she decided. This mistake had cost her deeply, but it might have been her life, Dynarys's life. Instead, she would be submitted to some discomfort. A fitting punishment for her actions.
The corner of Scet's mouth rose slightly in approval. You will make a fine Alpha's mate, he told her.
“Where is Dynarys?”
He lures away the Quatori.
He said no more, but he did not have to. The image of her mate slicing his own skin to smear a dragon's blood among the trees pronounced itself.
She wobbled.
“I need to sit down,” she whispered weakly.
She didn't get a chance. The sky darkened and five forms landed within the clearing.
Gayriel pulled forth the remains of her concentration. The blackest of the shadows veered toward her, landing above her with a solid thump.
Then he was there. Her mate, her love, and she was in his arms. Suddenly, the tears came. The hurt and the guilt and the worry all ran from her eyes and she sobbed into his chest.
“Gayriel,” Dynarys whispered, she looked upward. His throat worked in convulsions. He pressed his face into her hair, and froze.
She found herself whipped backward, the sudden motion overwhelming her battered senses. Had she not been held aloft, she would have collapsed.
Furious amber eyes met hers and a roar built in his chest. The chest where she had just laid her head. “Where. Is. He.”
Gayriel looked around. In her distraction, she had missed Scet slinking off. Good thing he did. It didn't look as though Dynarys would stop his dragon from tearing the Shifter apart.
“Dynarys,” she touched his chin. “Can't you smell my blood? I know your anger, but he would never have had to do it if it weren't for him.” She flung her arm toward the white dragon.
It lay on the ground, battered and barely breathing. Her energy was waning and she had a hard time dredging up the anger she should feel toward him.
“Pourtus and Grim. They were going to bleed me out, to lure the Quatori in...a trap for you.”
Dynarys was breathing hard. The muscles on the surface of his skin rippled and twitched with tension.
“If Scet hadn't tended my wound,” she showed him her arm, an angry red scar had formed, but even that faded as she watched. She should have been more surprised, but she felt numb. “I'd be dead by now, Dynarys, and I wouldn't have the chance to tell you,” she swallowed and looked down.
No more wasting time.
Once, she had wanted freedom. Nothing more than the freedom to make her own decisions and answer to no one. Well, she was making a decision now.
She wanted him.
“Dynarys, I love you.”
There. It was done. She had chosen her own path. Relief sucked the rest of her strength from her. Coupled with the loss of blood, it should have been unsurprising when the ground rose up to meet her and darkness took her mind.
A new emotion crossed Dynarys's face as she faded, just before he scooped her up into strong arms. Something tender, and vulnerable. Something both he and his dragon agreed upon. And then, darkness took her mind.
CHAPTER 23
Gayriel awoke in a bed with soft, silvery sheets and an abundance of poofy pillows. The room was too bright. Her eyes were throbbing, how she wasn't sure, but it felt like they would swell right out of her head. She moaned miserably and stretched. Her body ached, as though she had been quartered and dragged for several miles and then sewn back together.
A flash of a memory prompted her to pull her arm upward. Dried blood caked on the skin, but the wound itself was nothing but an angry scar. She had been sewn back together. Shifter saliva...she would never have guessed. Her mind fogged for a moment and the soft mattress and lure of sleep threatened to pull her in.
There were important topics she needed to consider, though; such as where she was, and where everyone else was. If she could just sort out the confused mess of her mind…
The soft click of a door caught her attention, sort of. She struggled to force her gaze in the direction of the sound.
“You're awake,” Dynarys stated, coming around the foot of the bed. He was damp, and half naked. She stared at the contours of his chest, tiny beads of water glistened on his skin. Such perfection, she wanted to reach out and trace the muscles with her fingertips.
When she did, Dynarys snatched her fingers and brought them to his lips, lowering himself next to her on the bed. She didn't know whether she was relieved or disappointed when he remained on top of the sheets.
Long fingers reached out and ran through her hair, massaging gently at her temples.
“Mmmm, oh, I love you,” she murmured against his arm, closing her eyes.
He chuckled. “Yes, you have said, though this time I think you might be speaking to my fingers.”
She cracked her eyes open. He was there in front of her, amber eyes intense and tired. His hair was wet and clean and the stubble had been scraped from his jaw. But he looked weary; the last week had worn on his essence. A little of the guilt and worry returned. She had almost cost herself everything.
“I do love you,” she told him. “I'm sorry, Dynarys, I...”
He swooped down, stilling her words with a kiss. “Do not apologize now, it is over and you are alive. That is what matters,” he studied her face. “But do not ever lie to me again.”
She shook her head, agreeing and ashamed.
“And we will have to work some of this willfulness out.”
Whoa, what? She swallowed and looked at his face. Yes, indeed, his eyes flared, passion in their depths.
That deep pull of longing that seemed constant when he was around flared back, bringing her arousal, and her body's condition into clear focus. She wanted to. Wanted him, right then, but there was no way she could handle it physically. Even mental exhaustion warred with consciousness.
His fingers brushed her temple once more, and then down along her jaw. Such a simple caress and it made a mess of her.
“Not today,” he told her, the corner of his perfect mouth twisting wryly. She must have frowned, because he snorted at her. “Believe me, I could fuck you from now until sunset, but I will not have you hurting yourself trying to keep up with my desires. You need to rest yet, and unfortunately, we have other tasks that must be seen to this day.”
“We do?”
Dynarys nodded. “Kurath's trial is today. You are required to relay the events from in the forest.”
In the forest. Suddenly, it all came back to her. Grim's trap and Pourtus the traitor, Kurath and then...she pushed herself upright. The sheets she had been buried beneath fell to her waist and it occurred to her that she was naked. Someone had undressed her; the clothes must have been blood soaked. Even now, patches of dried blood marred her skin where she had cradled her arm against her chest.
“Where is Scet? You didn't kill him did you?”
Dynarys's eyes narrowed and he inhaled sharply. “Never again will you mention another man's name, especially his name, in my bed. Understood?”
His bed? A little more alert, she looked around with new purpose, but she found herself disappointed. She expected to find a warm space filled with items and furniture that comforted her mate. There was nothing extraordinary in the sparse space. Not only that, but it was familiar. Nearly exactly the same as the room she had been placed in as a captive when she first arrived at the Amber Aerie.
“We are back at the Amber Aerie?”
Dynarys nodded, but he didn't seem much mollified.
“I do need to know, Dynarys. What happened after I collapsed? I don't remember anything.”
“Justice happened,” Dynarys growled. “Kurath and the two pack-mates with him were captured, as their law dictates, and are to be tried today.”
“Pourtus?” she wavered. She wasn't sure she wanted to hear what happened to the dragon who so nearly cost her life.
“Dead.”
She blinked at the cold tone.
“By law, I have the right to remove any who would harm you. A dragon's mate is protected well by our laws.”
“So you finished him? He wasn't looking too good when you arrived.”
“I didn't have to. The Shifters of the Amber Aerie pack have decided that I am their alpha, no matter how often I try to convince them otherwise. In essence, that makes you the Alpha's mate. And anything that harms the Alpha or his mate they destroy ruthlessly. It is their way.”
Poor Pourtus. He didn't even have a chance.
“What of Grim? And Sce...”
“There was no sign of Grim. None of the Shifters could even catch his scent after the attack. And the Quatori had begun to close in, smelling the blood of battle.”
She winced. Her blood. She had been so close to death.
“We search for him now. I promise he will pay for his actions.”
“Dynarys?”
He looked at her, a stubborn set to his jaw.
“What happened to Scet?”
“Gone,” he growled. “And if he is smart he will stay that way until long after the bond has broken.”
“He saved my life,” she reminded.
Dynarys sighed and his head tipped backward. A muscle twitched in his jaw and his throat convulsed a few times.
“I know that. The man in me knows that. But I do not like the link...I hate the link.” He took a deep breath, and though no one had ever explained the link to her, she knew immediately what it was. He hated that Scet could be in her mind, and her in his. 
“My dragon is furious beyond measure,” he continued. “It would be wise not to talk to me about it, and if Scet wishes to live, it would be wise if he found a new pack.”
Gayriel frowned. It didn't seem like a fair arrangement. The Shifter saved her life and then is banished from his home when he should be rewarded.
When she looked up, Dynarys was frowning, too. Slowly, gently, he lifted her into his arms, until she sat on his lap, held tight against his chest.
“I just found you,” he whispered. “I will not share.”
She almost shook her head at his silliness. Share? Not likely. Only he had ever set the fire in her. Enough to change everything. But she thought for a long moment. How would it be if he linked with another? Would she not feel the same? His jealousy, unnecessary as it was, was real. And the only way for her to salvage the situation was to consider it as seriously as he did.
“I refuse to use the link, Dynarys,” the corner of her lip pulled tight. “As much as I can, anyway. How else can I help you see I will have no other?”
He leaned his head against hers, his breath stirring against her hair. “This helps.”
A knock at the door disrupted their intimacy.
“Enter,” Dynarys barked, dragging the sheets upward to cover Gayriel's nakedness. She shifted, wanting to see who was intruding and why. Dynarys would not allow such a thing. He held her to him, so that she could only glimpse the door if she twisted her neck around.
Four men dragged in a tub, followed, once again, by a trail of youth with steaming buckets and supplies.
“You have them do this each time you want a bath?” she questioned.
“Great Six, no,” his fingers were in her hair again, gently tugging through the tangles. “That would be a criminal waste of resources. I use the bath-house regularly, but I didn't think you would appreciate the publicity...or my people's penchant for walking around nude, as you put it. And it would be very public, you've created quite a stirring within the aerie.”
“I did?”
“Hmm.” Dynarys agreed. “The Shifters, especially. They've started calling you the Alpha's mate and won't call you anything else,” Dynarys's voice had a bemused note to it. “I hardly had to ask these fellows for help, they were so eager.”
A blush worked its way from her center outward. “I'm not sure I deserve such attention.” In fact, most of her existence had consisted of trying to avoid visibility.
“Don't worry, it comes with a price. Not everyone is happy about the arrangement. I have many enemies, Gayriel, they will be yours now, as well.”
The men had finished settling the tub and paused respectfully before exiting the room. The youth with their buckets and towels did the same. At last, the door clicked behind them and Gayriel and Dynarys were alone.
Dynarys didn't set her down. He rose from the bed with her still in his arms, the sheets fluttering down to the mattress. Then he carried her to the tub and gently set her inside.
The steaming water was much the same temperature as Dynarys's skin. Her body relaxed, the pleasure of the heated liquid flowing through her muscles deliciously. She moaned appreciatively.
“You will have to stop that if you want the beast to behave,” Dynarys growled.
She opened her eyes to find that he had already stripped and was entering the tub behind her. Before she knew it, they were both in the water, her back pressed to his front. And he was washing her with the soft cloth and soap that had been provided, moving the material in small circles on her shoulders and down her arms, cleaning off the blood and grime that caked upon her skin. When he reached the bump of the scar, he paused.
“I almost lost you,” he muttered. “We haven't even had a chance to begin.” He cleaned around the wound. It didn't hurt at all, like an old scar long forgotten, but he treated it as gently as if it were fresh.
“How did you discover Grim?”
“He killed the Archon, it was pretty obvious from there.”
“Oh.”
Yes, she remembered. The broken, lifeless man, once powerful, if a little mad, left as a pile of broken flesh and blood on the dais.
Dynarys pressed against her back so that she was sitting upright. He grabbed a small pitcher from the floor beside the tub and began to pour water on her hair and lather her scalp. His fingers rubbed and massaged until she started making sounds of pleasure again. Then he quickly dumped the rinse water over the locks and pulled her back once more, evidence of his desire digging into her backside.
They lay there for a long while like that, in silence,  Dynarys with his arms around her, sheltering, protecting. Did he love her? His dragon had chosen her, so he had little choice but to take her as mate. But what of the man? Was it possible for his beast to choose someone he didn't love? He hadn't said it, even though she had told him twice. She felt it though, like an invisible string pulling her constantly to him. She pondered it, but didn't ask him. Instead, she basked in the knowledge that this was her life now. No managers, no worry about being sold or having to please others. Simply existence, and the mate she had chosen. It seemed unreal.
She must have drifted off again, for how long she couldn't tell, but she was awoken by a knock at the door. Dynarys shifted, too, startled, as if he had been dozing, as well.
“Yes?” he snapped.
An uncertain pause and then, “The trial begins, does Gayriel want my help preparing?”
Despite her desire to sleep for another week, a happiness grew within her. Tharissa.
Dynarys heaved a long sigh, his arms tightening for a moment. Was he reluctant to give up this moment, too? Then he stood.
“Come, mate of mine. Unfortunately, we must deal with the world now.”
CHAPTER 24
The trial began outdoors in an open area, dug down beneath the level of the ground in ever shrinking circles.
“A theater,” Tharissa explained from beside Gayriel as they neared one of the four sets of stairs that led downward to the lowest levels. “But it is mostly used for sparring and everyone calls it the pit.”
The pit. The name suited Gayriel's blunt and defensive mood. She would face Kurath here; Tharissa had explained the very basics of Shifter justice.
Technically, Kurath had been banished years ago for some fault. Someday, she vowed, she would have Dynarys explain the history. But at one time, Kurath had belonged to the Amber Aerie pack. For that reason, and the fact that his insult was to the Amber Aerie pack Alpha, he was to be tried by the joint justice system of both races.
Dragon Lords filled the theater seats. Most were dressed in subdued colors and dress robes. Nothing so frivolous as was worn at the banquet,  yet here and there a pop of color showed. Many had expressions of bored disinterest, but some leaned forward, eyes focused on the lowest level intently. There were Shifters present, too, segregated mostly, to one side. They might have been mingled with humans, she still struggled to tell the races apart.
An uncomfortable amount of attention turned her way as they peaked the steps. Gayriel held her breath.
There, on the theater floor, Kurath knelt, bound by long, thick irons that stretched tightly and held his position. The metal chains looked as though they might weigh as much as he did. Three guards stood above him, two Dragon Lords, wings at their full, and she assumed the third was a Shifter given his bulk.
Illaise was present, as well; her mixed and matched leathers stood out, as well as the fact she was very nearly the only woman present, besides Tharissa and herself. She stood stiffly to the side, a deep scowl on her features that did not lighten when her gaze landed on Gayriel.
Gayriel stepped down delicately, uncertain in the pale blue creation Tharissa had insisted on. Trial, to her, was not a place for silks and lace. Her hair was pulled severely back into a tight knot at her nape, giving room for the gauze veil that covered the shiny black locks.
The bodice was tight, so much so that it restricted her breathing slightly, and decorated with darker blue embroidery. Not practical, yet to appear otherwise was, apparently, unthinkable. A dragon's mate, nor the mate of the Shifter's Alpha could appear in less. Gayriel narrowed her eyes at Illaise. Somehow she got away with such blasphemy.
A length of white silk appeared before her, framed around a pale face with startling blue eyes that were swollen and red. She couldn't remember the woman's name, or if she had ever learned it, but she knew Pourtus's mother, and the woman did not look well.
You wouldn't look well either, learning the death your son suffered. Gayriel paused sagely. For a very long time, the woman stared at her, saying nothing, though her lips tightened into a thin line and tears rimmed her lower lashes.
Gayriel tried not to feel guilt, tried to remind herself that she was not responsible for Pourtus's choices. The image of him standing above her, blade red with her blood, came rushing to the front of her mind. He had intended to kill her, and no remorse had crossed his features then. Even so, in the face of the woman's devastation, Gayriel couldn't help but wish it had been different. Did Pourtus's mother blame her?
“Come, Amtine,” her mate urged, and there was no mistaking his look. Bitter hatred stood openly on his face, as he looked first to Gayriel, and then to Dynarys at her side.
The woman relented, though not even a hollow smile was aimed toward him. He gathered one of her shaking arms over his and led her away.
“I fear there are members of the aerie rallying for your banishment,” Tharissa frowned on Gayriel's right. “Jaithuk and Amtine lead them. They've tried to have Dynarys expelled before, to no avail, of course.”
“What?” Gayriel whispered. She guessed that answered her question about whether they blamed her or not.
“Hmm,” Tharissa whispered close to her ear. “They are huge advocates of pure bloodlines. According to them, the reason the Dragon Lords decrease with each generation is the association with the Shifters. Even having them in the aerie is too much for them. They badger the Archon constantly about it.”
“I've seen the result of such thinking, it isn't a good outcome,” Gayriel told her.
“I believe you. Morkuth and I have always supported Dynarys,” she nodded. “But it is something you should be aware of. Especially when you're down there.”
Her long arm stretched toward the remains of the stairs.
“Come,” Dynarys, un-hearing on the other side of her pulled her downward. Tharissa remained in the upper levels and Gayriel felt the loss of her support as though it was a physical thing.
“Are you nervous? I cannot tell any of your emotions any longer,” he eyed her.
“No....well, a little. I thought I was here as evidence. I didn't expect my presence would be protested.”
“You are here to give evidence. It cannot be helped that there are those who do not wish to hear the truth. Besides,” he squeezed her arm, “this trial is for Kurath. Given his previous behaviors, his part in this should surprise no one.”
They stepped down the final stair at the same time, and he raised his head, nodding respectfully to the Archon. The older man sat on an intimidating and high throne, watching the scene with no expression. He was flanked by two other men, Dragon Lords, given their position.
“My high Lord Archon, Gayriel Firestriker. Dragon's mate and witness to the prisoner's crimes.”
The Archon's amber eyes latched onto Gayriel and her nerves flared. Gayriel Firestriker. Dragon's mate.
“Lady Firestriker,” the Archon greeted. Dynarys chose that moment to step away from her, leaving her alone on the floor. Not alone, but feeling that way, and if the attention had not been on her before, it was now.
“Lady,” the man on the Archon's left nodded. “Please describe to us, as accurately as possible, the events that took place in the forest last night.”
Gayriel took a deep breath and began with the dragon's flight. Her details were accurate. She knew because that night would be forever etched in her mind, every moment.
When she finished, silence reined over the pit. She had wondered, when she started, if her words would even be heard among those on the floor, let alone the high levels. But the horrified looks confirmed that they were.
“A deal with the Quatori, Kurath?” the Archon snarled. “Are you stupid, as well as treacherous? What price are you willing to pay for your revenge? Not only your own life, but those of your people?”
“My people?” Kurath sneered. “How is it they are now my people? Were they my people when they chose that thing as their Alpha? He is not even a Shifter; all he is is the son of a whore and a rapist. A disgusting reminder of what no longer remains of my family’s honor.”
Kurath's voice rose as he spoke, until he reached a raging frenzy. Spittle flew from his mouth and he slammed against his chains.
“Have you ever considered that it is your own behavior that has driven their choice? Even now you cannot hold your people's well-being above your own pride,” the Archon questioned. “Regardless, it is clear that the charges of treason are true. Enemy to your people...enemy to this aerie. Illaise?”
Gayriel wasn't sure why, but somehow Illaise had a say in the ruling. She had not moved, nor did she give away any emotions, even when Kurath hurled the insult, leaving Gayriel to wonder what happened in her mind. She was his mother, after all.
Illaise stared at Kurath for a long, drawn out moment.
“Where are they?”
Gayriel blinked. Where were who?
Kurath said nothing, his jaw clenched in stubborn silence.
“Tell me,” Illaise growled, a vicious echoing sound. Gayriel flinched, but Kurath held strong. “Eight Shifters in a month, Kurath. Not one of them deserves to die. Tell me where they are and I take you under my pack's justice.”
What? Missing Shifters? And could she do that? Take Kurath? Gayriel wasn't sure she was comfortable with the idea of him loose outside the aerie, determined to get to her mate.
“Forget them, it is too late. If you continue to seek them, it will only lead to your life lost, as well,” he looked up at her. “It is too late.”
He must have sensed something within her. Or perhaps, as mother and child, they shared something like the link together. His face stiffened and the color drained from it.
“Mother?” he whispered. She cut him off with a wave of her hand. At last, she turned and stared straight at the Archon.
“Kill him.”
And with that, she left the floor, striding up one of the staircases and disappearing without a word.
Gayriel swallowed. Just like that. Her own son. She looked to Dynarys, but his face, too, was a mask of calm and collected emotions. He, however, did not exit. He stood firmly and watched as one of the men with the Archon lowered himself from the seats and stalked toward Kurath, blade drawn.
Kurath snarled, his face elongating to that of a wolf. But as the change spread down his arms, it seemed halted by the existence of the iron chains. Half man, half beast, he twisted viciously, but the constraints allowed him no quarter.
In a heartbeat, the task was over and the final blow struck.
It was nothing surprising for the audience, but suddenly the world seemed less bright and more grave, more serious to Gayriel; so quickly could a life be put out.
Lady?
The voice in her head nearly had her jumping from her skin. She had promised not to use the link, but at that juncture, surrounded by those she did not trust, she deemed it the safest choice. Scet had left her alone until that moment. After the initial bond, she had heard nothing from him, so little that she had almost forgotten the link even existed.
Yes? Gayriel answered.
I have found Grim...or some of him anyway, I do not think the Quatori accepted his bargain.
An image flashed to her and she was standing in a deeply shadowed patch of forest, different from that which the delegation had traveled through. The trees there were tall and spindly, with ragged reams of feathery green moss. They crowded so closely together that no branches existed on the lower trunk, for lack of light. This, she understood immediately, was where Scet hid himself. She was seeing through his eyes. She tried to tamp down how uncomfortable that made her and focused on what he felt was important to show her. He hadn't used the link until now and she assumed he was avoiding it as much as she was. This, therefore must be important.
In front of him several paces, the forest had been destroyed. Trees were snapped in two, their branches and chips of wood and bark littered the ground. A battlefield, for sure. A dark part of her felt a little satisfied that Grim hadn't melted into the woods and escaped all the chaos he had caused.
That part silenced when Scet moved forward and she saw the blood. So much blood. She thought the Quatori fed upon such things. The Shifter they had destroyed in front of her hadn't left a drop to mark his passing; much of his flesh had been stripped, too, but the Quatori had dropped the husk of a corpse when they were finished.
Here, blood spread everywhere. Far more than one man, even a Dragon Lord, should have produced.
Are you sure it is him? How can you even tell?
His scent.
Scet ventured farther into the broken opening, toward something that had caught his eye. She saw it, too, a glimmer where it should not have been. In front of her eyes, Scet's arm stretched and picked the thing up. A long chain, meant for around the neck, perhaps, and it supported a flat metal disk with a gem, and a symbol Gayriel did not recognize upon it.
She remembered the sound of something metal being thrown. From Kurath to Grim. An exchange for Kurath's revenge. It seemed that the vision she saw was truly Grim's end, and she had a deep suspicion that Kurath knew it would be. A traitor's end for a traitor. It seemed fitting.
I will leave you now, Lady. I hope that you find peace in this....Try not to hate me when the pain begins.
Wait, where will you go? She still didn't feel that it was fair to be banished for saving her life and there was something in his words, a pain of his own, a longing, a loneliness, that pulled at her.
She waited, but there was no answer.
She came back to herself to find Dynarys's face in hers, a look of concern, mixed with suspicion, in his gaze. “Are you alright? I should have warned you that justice here is immediate.”
Yes, he should have, but there were bigger things tampering with her equilibrium.
Gayriel blinked and took a deep breath.
“Scet contacted me,” she decided on honesty. She couldn't have stopped Scet from contacting her, but she did promise not to use the link. She hoped that Dynarys would understand, but the way that he flinched indicated his primal side was more in control. 
Around them, others were looking, too, leaving Gayriel to wonder how long she had been standing there senseless.
“Can we go somewhere else? I will tell you everything.”
CHAPTER 25
The second banquet Gayriel attended at the Amber Aerie began very different from the first, at least in regards to her anticipation. Actually, when she looked back at the event, she found a fair amount of amusement at her ignorance. This night, she was dressed to garner attention. Specifically, Dynarys's attention.
He was ridiculously jealous of Scet's contact, as she knew he would be. But when they returned to his rooms and she explained all, he struggled to be just and fair, as she knew he would be. However, he had yet to touch her seriously since the clearing, always insisting she needed rest, or healing.
Oh, he held her and stroked her, even kissed her passionately. And at night, when he gathered her in his arms, his desire was more than evident, but he had become a paragon of gentle caresses and caring devotion.
She didn't want such things. She had chosen her mate and, damn the Six, she wanted consummation. And tonight she was going to get it.
She studied her appearance in the mirror she had insisted upon and frowned at her reflection. Everything had to be perfect. She had left her hair down, to cascade over her naked shoulders. It hung down, brushing against the torc, highlighted with the Firestriker family crest, which sat in the hollow of her throat. She fingered it lovingly. A sign of her attachment to Dynarys.
The rest of her torso was nearly bare. A belt-like strap of deep blue fabric crossed the top of her breasts. Attached to it, two folds of lighter blue gauze, just opaque enough to hide her nipples, draped down, one over the front of each breast, leaving the sides of her round globes visible. It gave the illusion that the fabric might shift at any moment, baring her chest for all to see. Just an illusion, the dressmaker had assured her. The gauze could be secured with a special glue. The folds wouldn't move all night and only a slight degree of heat, a little higher than her body's temperature, would release it.
The remains of the dress was a simple skirt of the darker material, with a long slit up her right thigh. Paired with silver sandals that laced up her calves, it was an image Fothmar would have been proud of. She hoped.
The tap at the door had her heart skipping. Dynarys had disappeared earlier, off to the bath house, and she had rushed to dress before he returned. Maybe they wouldn't even make it to the banquet.
She moved to a table set against the wall and poured a dram of syrup that sat there. Ephac syrup. Apparently the tree produced hallucinogenic effects, if you drank enough, but at a low dose it dulled pain.
And did she need it. She hadn't counted on full body muscle spasms and piercing headaches. Somehow, she had imagined breaking the link would produce more of an emotional pain, like the loss of someone close.
The medic likened it to withdrawal from a drug such as Ephac itself, and she had discovered quickly that it was not a pleasant experience. Keeping that in mind, she only ever took the syrup when the pain was unbearable, but tonight she made an exception. She wanted nothing interfering with her plans, and the sudden waves of cramping and shaking, should one come along, would definitely interfere.
She swallowed the bitter liquid and sashayed toward the door. Turning her hips slightly, to present the best silhouette, she opened it.
“Gayriel,” Tharissa beamed, snatching Gayriel from her pose in her eagerness to give her a hug. Gayriel hesitated, still a little shocked at the woman's easy forgiveness of her charade and acceptance of her once shameful position.
“Hi, Tharissa,” she giggled. The woman was exuberant. Gayriel peered down the hall behind her, but was disappointed to find only the regular Shifter guards and Morkuth.
“Dynarys had business with the Archon before the banquet. He asked if we would escort you to the hall, should he be delayed.” Morkuth gave her a knowing grin; one that said her efforts as she opened the door had not gone unnoticed.
Gayriel tried to control her blush. There was nothing to be ashamed of, after all, but if Dynarys had business with the Archon, why hadn't he simply told her?
“He will be devastated to know what he missed,” Morkuth teased, offering an arm to Gayriel and an arm to Tharissa.
***
The hall was crowded when they arrived, but this time she was in far less awe. The fountains still made her uncomfortable, but she could ignore them. Eyes, amber and otherwise, turned their direction as they stepped into the domed room.
She held her back straight and tried not to feel like the slave imposter once again.
Instead, she searched for Dynarys.
“Lady Gayriel?”
Gayriel turned, a little surprised to hear the voice at her side.
“Beska?”
The woman stood before her, dressed in a simple and modest silver piece that made Gayriel feel slightly foolish for her outfit of choice. Her skin was clear now, and unmarked by the tragedy of that night,  thanks, no doubt to the salves of the aerie's medic. She had somehow piled her hair on top of her head so that it reminded Gayriel of a cascade from one of the fountains. Her blue eyes regarded the world sadly, and her posture spoke to her discomfort.
“I just wanted...I needed to thank you. That night,” she paused, gathering herself. “I was ready to give up that night. When you found me on the staircase, I was waiting for death to come. But you came instead, and gave me strength to go on one more day.”
“But I lied to you,” Gayriel reminded her, not that she particularly enjoyed bringing it up.
She nodded. “I know. And then you saved me. I think the latter is more important.”
Gayriel gave a small smile.
“Lady Gayriel,” Strale sidled into the conversation. Gayriel looked around. Where had Tharissa and Morkuth gone? “Beska,” he greeted the other woman. There was a distinct lack of touching in his greeting and Gayriel eyed him suspiciously. What game did he play? But he wasn't looking at her at all.
“Thank you, once more, Lady,” Beska said softly, a deep red rising to her cheeks. “Please, excuse me.”
Before she could reply, Beska had slipped between a passing Lord and a servant bearing a tray of sparkling drinks. The woman was quick, she'd give her that. Gayriel looked up at Strale, who stared after her with a look of frustration.
“I am the one who carried her through the forest and brought her to the aerie, and yet she avoids me,” he confessed, when he caught her looking.
“Maybe it has something to do with that,” she gestured downward. Like the first banquet, Strale wore the very minimal of what might be considered clothing. Only this time, if possible, it was even more ridiculous. The black fabric wrapped in strips around his hips and again in strips around his...erection. A sprinkling of silver jewels attached to a delicate chain highlighted his member.
“If it had something to do with that, shouldn't she be running toward me instead of away from me?”
Gayriel opened her mouth and then closed it, unsure whether an explanation would do any good.
“Have you seen Dynarys?” she asked, instead.
“The very reason I sought you out. Come, Lady, I will escort you to your mate.”
He pulled her through the crowd of bodies until they reached a small alcove, where Dynarys stood with the Archon and another Lord she recognized from the delegation.
Dynarys's eyes rose automatically, before the others even sensed she was there. His face stiffened with passion and his eyes flared.
Gayriel relished the sense of pleasure that rose within her, knowing her preparation had the desired effect.
“Gayriel,” he breathed and she flowed to his arms.
The Archon nodded sagely. “Any sign of them?” he asked Strale.
“They aren't here.”
Gayriel looked up at Dynarys, raising a brow in question.
“Jaithuk and Amtine. Pourtus's Father and Mother. Before the trial, they lobbied incessantly for your banishment, as well as my own, but it seems no one has seen them since.”
Gayriel frowned.
“I am certain they are in mourning,” the Lord from the delegation consoled. “It is a hard thing to lose their only child and bear the name of a traitor in the same week.”
They stood, silent for a moment, a recognition of all that had happened.
“Well, we will have to keep an eye on them. Amtine has been distraught and I would hate for her to make poor decisions in her state. But, for tonight, I leave you to enjoy the banquet. I am sure Dynarys would like to share the evening with his new mate.”
The Archon departed without another word, nodding to a Lord and Lady as he passed out of the alcove. Gayriel looked up to find Dynarys staring at her, eyes glowing.
“I have a surprise for you,” he whispered, drawing her close. He cleared his throat. “I intended to ensure you enjoyed the banquet, since the last one was ruined by circumstance. But I find myself wanting to get you out of here...desperately.”
Gayriel grinned. Just as she had hoped. “Lead away,” she encouraged.
A corner of his lip quirked upward. “It is no wonder Morkuth never lasts more than an hour at these.”
He grabbed her fingers, caressing them with his thumb. “How is the pain?” he asked, as they moved through the crowd.
She looked at her mate. He stared ahead, a frown on his face. The situation was one that caused him so much discomfort and jealousy, yet his concern was for her. If it were possible, she loved him even more at that moment.
“I took some syrup before coming. I wanted to have this night with you,” she squeezed his fingers. His features softened slightly.
Escaping from the hall brought a refreshing blast of cool air. The wind had picked up and it held the first hints of a storm to come. But for now, it was cool against her bare skin.
“You look...you are driving the beast insane,” Dynarys ventured.
“And the man?”
“Yes, him, as well.”
They didn't turn where Gayriel expected, the route back to his room. Instead, he pulled her the opposite direction.
“Where are we going?”
“I thought I'd show you my surprise,” an impish smile crossed his lips.
“Oh? What kind of surprise is it?”
“Come on, I'll show you.”
He pulled her down along the street and then up an alley and into a familiar building. The building where Tharissa lived. They worked their way up two flights of stairs and down a hallway identical to the one on Tharissa's floor.
Dynarys paused at the doorway. He looked at her, took a deep breath and then swung the door wide.
“Surprise,” he whispered. “Our new home, I hope you like it.”
Gayriel stared. The space was bright with lantern light and open. She stepped inside, the first room beautiful enough in itself. It might be empty, but it filled suddenly with something of Gayriel's dreams. A small kitchen sat directly off of it and doors and arches led farther in. At the end of one long hallway sat the only piece of furniture. The bed from her first room at the aerie, dark wooden posts carved with dragons.
A home.
She had never had a home before, never knew how she longed for one. And now, this unknown dream was complete. She dropped her barrier, wanting Dynarys to know exactly what she was feeling.
He inhaled a sharp breath.
“I love you, Dynarys.”
“I love you, too, my mate,” Dynarys growled, scooping her up as he slammed the entrance door with his foot.
In a few short steps, they were at the bed and he flung her down upon it, quickly removing his shirt before his emerging wings could destroy it. His muscles rippled with the movement, the scales of his dragon appearing along his neck. He stood there for a long moment, looking down on her, eyes roving her body and the dress that barely covered it. The desire in his eyes had her squirming with need. She shifted, but there was nothing to relieve her discomfort. Only he could do that.
With deliberate slowness, he reached down, untying the laces that held up his pants. Her gaze fastened there, breath hitching with anticipation. One tie, and then two. Before he reached the third, his heavy cock was visible, pushing upward eagerly against his stomach. He wrapped a hand around his shaft, stroking it a few times, watching her with hungry eyes. Still he stood before her, tempting, teasing, but not touching.
Well, two could play that game. She drew up a knee, the silk of her skirts tumbling down her thigh to pool on her stomach and the bed beside her hips. His gaze followed her movements hungrily, as he continued stroking himself slowly. Having him watch her like that, stimulating himself, might have been the most erotic thing she had ever experienced. During her training, she had learned many ways to stimulate arousal, she knew that men liked to watch women pleasure themselves, though during lessons it never made sense to her why. It had never occurred to her that the reverse would be so...tempting.
Smiling slyly, she trailed fingers along her knee and up her thigh, slowly working her way toward her core. When she reached the v between her thighs, she flipped the remaining fabric away, revealing herself to him.
He stared, swallowing hard. Even his own hand paused for a moment against his member.
Certain she had his full attention, she ran her middle finger between her folds. She was slick already, but she knew she would be. Her longing had been driving her crazy.
He let out a strangled noise, as she rose the finger to her lips and popped it into her mouth. Some of her lessons were perplexing, but the intensity with which he reacted made her rethink their usefulness. His cock twitched visibly in his hand.
She smiled and watched him through her lashes. How far could a man be aroused? Would he eventually snap and lose control? Could she make him snap? Watching his reactions was certainly affecting her. She lowered her fingers once more, noting the flaring of his nostrils.
This time when she reached her center, she slipped a finger inside, and then two, pumping lazily.
He snarled, releasing his cock and snatching her legs, pulling her suddenly until her hips, balanced on the edge of the bed.
“I have something better for that,” he told her, pressing his swollen head against her and rubbing vigorously. Not in, he did not enter, but ran his member up along her damp slickness so that, with each stroke, he brushed the tight nub where the core of her pleasure lay.
She whimpered, struggling a little against him, longing to be filled, to give her body something to bear down upon. How quickly he had turned the tables on her, made her desperate with need to the point of breaking.
He leaned forward, trapping his erection into her folds, rocking, providing waves of yearning, but never fulfillment. Needing to do something with her legs besides letting them dangle uselessly, she wrapped them around his hips, using her heels to encourage his movement, not that he paid attention to it.
His hands found her breasts, kneading the soft globes through the material of her dress. Apparently, he had some experience with the dressmaker's glue, for after he warmed them sufficiently, he peeled the fabric away, leaving her bare to him.
His fingers ran delicately over the crests, and then again beneath, avoiding her nipples, teasing. He leaned down, lowering his head and she arched her back, certain he would take a bud into his mouth. She suddenly wanted very much for him to do so. But he paused, with his mouth next to her skin, the heat of his breath tingling against her, pulling her nipples into hard little nubs.
Her breath shuddered, her senses overloading. She raised her arms from the bed, where she had been clutching at the sheets and grasped his head, pulling him down to her.
He chuckled darkly. “Hungry for more, my mate?”
Before she could answer, he lapped at her. Heat seared through her chest, a tingling sensation that had her nearly coming off the bed. He lapped again and then drew her nipple into his mouth, sucking gently once.
She let out a roar of her own, her fingers curling into his hair. He released the breast and moved his head left and suckled the other. She pushed up against him, panting. Then he nipped.
A roar escaped her; pain, but also a deep wave of pleasure, shot straight through her.
“Are you ready for me yet, Gayriel?” he growled, his voice harsh and breaking. “This will not be a gentle mating, I have restrained the beast too long.”
As if the dragon was in agreement, his eyes flared and the scales along his neck seemed to shimmer and shift.
She moaned something, they might have been words, but they came out incoherent and slightly desperate. He leaned back, shifting his weight off of her, but he did not pull his hips away.
“The next time we fuck, I'm going to taste you here,” he flicked her clitoris.
“Yes,” she pushed up against his hips, wanting him to taste her now, or fuck her. Whatever he wanted, as long as he did something.
“Put your feet on my chest.”
She obeyed, curling her knees so they were bent above her. His hands trailed from her hips and along her thighs and then back again. He positioned himself at her entrance, thrusting just enough that the head of his shaft slid between the moist lips, pushing against the swollen flesh there.
She shifted her bottom, pushing against him, settling herself farther around his straining member. Then she pushed with her feet, drawing herself up once more.
Dynarys groaned, standing still and allowing her movements. She slid down and then up, taking more of him with each stroke, using her legs to pump her hips.
“Gayriel.”
There was a warning in Dynarys's voice and strain, as if he was on the edge of restraint.
Gayriel watched him, both with love and pride. Her Dragon Lord. Her mate. And he loved her.
She growled. “I want all of you, Dynarys...unrestrained.”
Dynarys looked at her, eyes glowing and nostrils flaring. He didn't wait for further instruction. Finally, he started moving, grunting as he rocked into her with wild abandon.
Her hips bucked automatically, meeting him as frantically as he plunged into her.
The first coil of pleasure unwound, a sudden, intense spike, and she cried out.
Dynarys pushed harder, spurred by her cries and his own intense need, until they were both grinding helplessly, lost in the pleasure of one another. Her eyes closed with the intensity.
He collapsed on top of her, rolling them both to the bed's center so they didn't tumble to the floor. When, at last, she could breathe again she cracked an eye open and studied the man she had chosen.
This, she decided, as he pulled her close, gathering her against his chest...this was freedom.


The End.

I hope you have enjoyed Gayriel's story. Please consider leaving a review at your favorite retailer to help other readers find this book.

Please read on for a sample of the second book in the Amber Aerie Series: The Dragon's Rogue!
For notifications about future releases please:


Follow me on facebook.

Favorite me at Smashwords

Find me on Goodreads

THE DRAGON'S ROGUE
(Book 2 of the Amber Aerie Lords series)
BY LACEY ST. SIN

Copyright 2016 Lacey St.Sin
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Foremost I would like to thank my Husband and children for putting up with me on this wild ride to publishing.
Thanks to my family for believing in me, especially my sister Megan McIllwraith for her diligent reading and re-reading and re-re-reading of the book.
I would also like to thank:
Clarrissa Yeo at Yolca Designs for the beautiful cover
Shannon VanSach for editing
And you, the reader, who are taking a chance on me.
None of this would be possible without you.

PROLOGUE
Othin, Alpha of the Onyx Aerie pack...or, at least, what had once been the Onyx Aerie pack… looked from the four scouts he had sent out a week ago to the broken man they held between them. Blessedly, night had fallen and he preferred the softer lights of the old lanterns to the newer oils the pack burned these days. The result was that his tent was filled with shadow. Even where light prevailed, the effect was a softer caress than the brilliance that made the others feel secure. But even the shadows could not hide the Dragon Lord's condition.
“And you found him far from the Aerie?” He knew the answer, but he found himself asking once more. When he had commissioned the scouts to gain information on the Onyx Aerie, on Celcath, and the snake-tongued Grim, the last thing he expected was that they would return to him dragging a Lord on his death bed. One that was distinctly not from the Onyx Aerie.
“Miles from it. In the center of a clearing,” Xainir, his lead scout nodded. “Actually, we thought he was carrion until we neared. There isn't much left of him that has been spared.”
That much was true. Whomever had bested this Lord had done a thorough job of ensuring he suffered for it. What, though, would a strange Lord be doing so far from his own Aerie?
Othin strode forward until he was in front of the slumped figure. Gently, but with a wariness that being around such an enemy called for, he prodded the man.
Satisfied he wasn't about to wake, Othin pulled open an eyelid.
“Amber.”
“As we said, Alpha.” The words were carefully toned. No admonition for the Alpha from an underling, but they neared the insolence that would denote a challenge. Xainir was testing the waters.
“The Amber Aerie is nearly an entire day from the Onyx by foot. There is no way he wouldn't know that he reached and crossed the boundary.” He paced the small space he had allotted between a sturdy wooden table and the tent's door. The scouts looked at him without answer. It was foolishness, coupled with the late hour that had him speak aloud in the first place.
An Amber Aerie Lord in Onyx Aerie territory. This put him in a position he would much rather have avoided. Ruefully, he admitted to himself it would have been better if his scouts had not found the man at all. But they had, and now he was faced with a decision. One that would affect the entire pack.
He looked up again at the broken man that just complicated his life. Enemy or friend? With Dragon Lords, it could be either. But dare he risk finding out?

CHAPTER 1 – three weeks later
Lisrith of the Onyx pack, or Lis as she preferred, shuffled hurriedly along the rutted dirt trail, a well-worn path that circled the outskirts of the Onyx pack's encampment.
Her nerves jangled like the loud gongs of a temple. It was difficult not to feel like each step announced her presence, her intent, if anyone were to look hard enough. How was it that guilt for ones actions could appear before the actions were taken?
To her left lay smooth stretches of flattened grass, spotted with the odd tangle of shrubbery. In several places, the stumps of the forest trees jutted upward from the landscape like the sharp teeth of a giant. It was sad to see them as remnants of what they once were, but they had been cut for the good of the pack. To her right, canvas structures fluttered in the evening breeze, a veritable city of them. Simple constructs, they were nearly perfectly square, with four walls and slanted canvas roofs. Nothing short of practical, and identical with one another. Cords of twisted material kept the canvas from flying off in the wind, but that was their only decoration.
Someone among the tents called a greeting, startling a twitch out of her. Which is not suspicious at all. She rolled her eyes and kept going, her head down, ignoring the words, as she usually would, in the hope that they would assume she simply had not heard.
She wobbled a little with an unexpected undulation in the dirt, the growing darkness hiding her footing from her.  The pitted clay jug she carried sloshed, and she worried, for a moment, it might spill its contents. She readjusted herself, propping the jug on one hip and securing her satchel to a better position on her other side. 
The tents in this part of the encampment dwindled, long shadows finding space between them. Here, on the very edge of the camp, lay the tent that was her goal. She eyed it as she approached, her anticipation rising. Light poured from the places where the seams of material didn't quite match up. The growing wind battered and flapped the canvas, covering the light every so often, making it appear like the tent was winking at her…as if it knew her secret intent.
Absently, she stroked the vessel hooked beneath her arm. The clay was cold from the moisture within, seeping into her side, even through the simple layer of brown cloth that hugged her waist.
Her lip twisted downward. Why mother always bemoaned the rough brown clothing, she didn't know. It was hardly the pique of fashion, but it was readily available. It was also hardy, rarely did it show any stains from the grease or lantern oil Lis worked with, and she had heard the hunters of the pack comment that it was much easier to camouflage in. And, given her pack's tenuous position, that was a good thing.
Only four months had passed since her people were chased from the Onyx Aerie, the home of the Dragon Lords, and nothing good had come from the arrangement. For either race. Plus, she had left all her equipment as they fled, and she missed it.
Blasted arrogant dragons, always and only thinking of themselves. Her people had been reduced to a much lower state than they deserved—the Lords feeling that they were above such lesser races—long before the disaster at the Aerie. And now she needed one.
The thoughts were pressing forward emotions that Lis would rather leave tamped down, especially when dealing with the enemy.
The canvas door moved easily beneath the pressure of her hand, a shock of white against the deep brown of the material. So much for camouflage. She stood out in the forest like the moon against the black sky. One couldn't get much paler, but who was she to complain about what nature had given her?
“Lisrith, no one is allowed in the captive's tent,” Thornic protested when she stepped inside. He was a younger Shifter, though older than herself. He wore his hair shorn close to his head, the pale blond of it creating shocking little stumps against his dark skin. Serious brown eyes studied her, looking at her directly, challenging. She noticed the pull of his thin lips as they stretched downward, an expression she seemed to cause a lot. But she ignored both his glower and his words.
Despite the falling dusk in the camp, the tent's interior was well lit, and she noted, with pride, several of her specially designed lanterns hung along the tent's supports, burning brightly. The mixture of distilled Ephac sap and oil from the fleshy Yester vines was one of her greatest discoveries. Fuel that not only lasted longer, but burned brighter than the other oils commonly in use. And the ingredients were readily available in the forest, though distilling was difficult without her equipment.
She scowled at the second memory of the past that had invaded in such a short time.
“I am sorry, Lis, Alpha's rules,” Thornic explained, obviously thinking that her expression was for him. 
No matter, it was time to act anyway. And if no one else would, then the responsibility fell to Lis. I am coming for you, Adda.
“I am here by order of the Alpha,” she lied. “I have made an adjustment to the formula that keeps him at rest; this one is stronger, it should stop the instances that he tries to wake.”
Even without looking directly at him, Lis could see the relief cross his face. Keeping the Dragon Lord unconscious had been necessary, at first. His condition dictated that he would die should he move and thrash as he had when her people found him bound and bleeding in the forest.
She did not understand how he came to be in such a position. And she didn't particularly care. Alpha had asked for a sedative and it was easy enough to provide one. What she didn't expect was the frequency with which the Lord fought the tincture.  Certainly, those set to watch him didn't appreciate it, either. Keeping the Lord unconscious long after he had healed was likely going to cause some problems when he awoke, and no one wanted to be the first creature that he saw.
Her people debated constantly the risk of keeping him asleep yet another day versus the possibility of his release. The pack was comfortable here in this tiny camp in the forest. Should he betray their position, they would be in danger. And then they would have to move. Again.
So he was kept in deep slumber while the Alpha deliberated with those he trusted, circling the same issue like a wolf on a wounded stag, nothing ever coming from the impasse.
Until now. She patted the clay vials that filled the satchel at her side. She could wait no longer for the debate, she needed this Dragon Lord.
“And while I was on my way to deliver the serum, Shaylise asked me to bring you a fresh drink,” Lis pinched her lips together, pretending irritation at such a request. And it would have irritated her, had Shaylise asked. She hated to be pulled from her work, especially when such important events occurred. When my sister is missing.
“Oh, well, in that case, I thank you, Lis,” Thornic breathed. He took the ladle eagerly, unsuspectingly, and drank deeply.
Then she waited. He had finished swallowing, at least, when the moonblossom kicked in. His eyes crossed a little, the muscles that controlled them fighting against the effects.
“You are in so....much....troub...,” he said, as he sank to the ground.
Trouble? Definitely. Who would ever suspect Lis? Her lack of interest in the trivialities that most of the pack liked to focus on did not make her deaf. She knew what the other Shifters thought of her. It was just that, for the most part, she didn't care. Adda had always been the social one, the lovable one. And without her, it felt as though a piece of Lis was missing. She missed Adda and the pleasant wall she created between her and the rest of the pack, protecting her from them while accepting Lis completely, just as she was.
Lis wanted her back. And if the Alpha would not take action, even if his reasons were fear of drawing attention and losing more lives, then she would.
When she was certain that Thornic slept deeply, she approached the cot where the covered figure lay.
So far, she had only heard stories about the injured Dragon Lord. How he was found and speculation that he had something to do with the disturbance at the Onyx Aerie a month ago. Things she cared little about. In fact, at first, she had scoffed at the scouts for not leaving him where they found him. But, instead, they had felt pity for the man and carried him away before the Quatori could find him. She supposed it was the common enemy that spurred their compassion. Dragons could not see or sense the Quatori and Shifters didn't have the strength to do them any real damage. Apart, they were all at an impasse. Still, to bring the Lord here was foolishness. And now the pack struggled with the dilemma of what to do with the Dragon Lord now that he was healed. Not all enemies were obvious enemies.
But, enemy or not, she would need him if she were to rescue Adda.
A soft worn blanket had been tossed over his figure. She frowned at it, unsure as to why it had been placed so. The way it lay, with his slow, shallow breathing, made it look more like a death shroud than a resting placement. Surely that was not more comforting than a view of the man himself?
Tentatively, she reached out her fingers and moved the blanket from his face.
Thankfully, no one was around to hear the foolish gasp that escaped her lips. Surprise had her drop the material and stare stupidly. Generally, she was more excited about new discoveries and the intricate workings of different devices than men in general. And she had no love for the Dragon Lords; their kind had caused hers more than enough trouble as far as she was concerned. But there was no denying this man's beauty. The lantern light flickered against his defined cheekbones, visible even while covered with a few weeks growth. Heavy lashes fluttered actively and, even in sleep, he scowled, dark brows pulled together.
She spared a glance at the chocolate locks spread against the cot and, for an insane moment, wondered if they were as soft as they looked. Stupid woman. His shoulders drew her gaze next. Not their shape, though he was as broad and muscled as any of the pack warriors, but the designs that marked his skin. Injured as he had been, the healing of a Dragon Lord was complete, not even scars remained to show the tatters of flesh he had been when found. But strange black swirls and symbols covered his deep tan. She squinted at them, trying to decipher their meaning, but they were either purely decoration or a language she did not know...which would be any language besides her own. She rolled her eyes at herself. She really was an idiot.
Morbidly fascinated, she extended a finger, poking one of the markings. The skin indented where she touched, the marking cratering. He was much hotter than she expected and she pondered that for a moment. If his body was that much warmer than that of a Shifter, it might explain why the serum seemed to be less effective. Perhaps it was a good thing she had decided to take action and wake him. What other effects might differ for him? The serum had several that could be harmful if used inappropriately, and he required a higher dose than she was comfortable with anyway. She wouldn't want to be responsible for any unfortunate side effects.
She pulled open the tie of her satchel and reached inside, grabbing the long smooth vial with three bands along the top. Her own little code so she could easily identify the contents. That one should have been fresh, brewed only a few days before. She shook it vigorously and opened the seal.
The aroma was obvious immediately, a stench hard to miss and strong enough that it left a bitter taste at the back of her throat. She did not envy the Lord his taste buds for the next few days.
She eyed him, still deep in slumber. His upper lip curled in distaste, an expression that clearly showed he was at least partially aware of his surroundings.
Fascinating.
Was he aware enough to detect her presence, as well? The idea, she admitted, was a little nerve wracking. She turned to Thornic, the warrior who, ideally, would have been there to protect her should something untoward happen. He lay in a crumpled heap, one leg sprawled out behind him, as though he'd had the thought to crawl from the tent before succumbing to the moonblossom. Well, there was no time to restructure the plan, she would have to take the risk of approaching—or perhaps coercing was a more accurate term—this Lord alone.
She reached back inside her satchel, removing a second phial, this one much larger with a wide mouth. She pulled the topper off with her teeth, which wasn't the smartest thing she had ever done. She must be more nervous than she thought. It wouldn't take much of the sedative to knock her out, as well.
She took a deep shaking breath, setting the foul smelling tincture gently where it would not spill, and carefully lined the blade of her dagger with the sedative. The fluid was generally for digestion, but a small hit to the blood stream should make the effect nearly immediate. She hoped. It was her only recourse should things go horribly wrong.
She re-corked the sedative and replaced it in her bag, then, with all the care of approaching a sleeping leopard, she leaned over the Dragon Lord and waved the recovery herbs beneath his nose.
Nothing happened.
Disappointed, she waved them faster; it was incomprehensible that he was not reviving. She created the mixture to be incredibly strong; such a mixture should have practically woken the dead...
He moved faster than she anticipated and suddenly both of her wrists were ensnared in his big hands and she was crushed against his chest, nearly on top of him.
Heat blasted through her breasts, the sensitive nipples purling immediately, leaving a trailing reaction that shot down to other areas she tried to ignore. Against everything she had ever learned, and every instinct of self-preservation her mother insisted she did not have, she looked at his face and met his gaze.
A flaring set of amber eyes stared back at her.
“You had better have a good explanation as to why I am laying here with my head splitting from the inside woman, or I will let my dragon devour you.”
